Title: Hope Immortal Author: Marie Kenobi Time Period: Pre-War of the Ring Rating: PG-13 Disclaimer: All recognizable LotR characters are the exclusive property of the great Elf himself, J.R.R.Tolkien. I am not being paid for any of this, although it would be nice. Notes: This was betaed, but please excuse any mistakes you might find. This is part one of two. Hope Immortal Legolas couldn't remember how it happened. Couldn't remember how his ivory handled knife had appeared in his hand. Couldn't remember what had possessed him to plunge the knife into his closest friend's back…or chest, or shoulder, or stomach…and all the other accursed places he had put it. All he could remember was the single sound that had escaped from his best friend's lips: his name. Soft, plaintive, and heart-wrenchingly betrayed. The Elven prince from Mirkwood wasn't even sure how it had all started. He knew that he and Aragorn had traveled south with Halbarad and a few other Rangers to investigate a rumor of an odd happening; and he knew that on the return journey, close to home after they had split with the Rangers, he and his companion had become separated. Beyond that, however, he could not remember a single thing more until Aragorn's voice had pulled him back, stopping him from delivering what would have been the fatal blow. In utter shock and horror he had carried the injured man back to Imladris and his surrogate father and brothers. Some previously unknown strength had explained to the Elf lord and his heirs just what tragedy had befallen the younger being. He'd actually expected them to kill him, or worse in his opinion, banish him from the Elven refuge. But no such thing had happened and it was for this reason that he was now sitting upon the balcony of his usual room: the guest chamber of Estel. His eyes were riveted on the ground below, seeing but not really taking in the flurry of activity in the courtyard, except for the twins. Identical, mahoghony brown heads were bent over the same project—A project that slowly was taking the shape of a box, a crate…a coffin that would carry their little brother to his final resting place. The words of Lord Elrond after he had seen to his youngest son were burned into Legolas' heart. As he stared at his hands, wondering when those of Legolas Greenleaf had been replaced by those of a traitor and murderer, the words came back. "An Elven body could—possibly –survive such an…attack; an immortal heart would conqueror it. But…Estel…has neither of these." It was only a matter of time, and perhaps, the will to live, before Aragorn breathed his last. The prince looked up to see two pairs of eyes, reflections of each other staring into his dead ones. Elladan and Elrohir were breaking on the inside, their lungs seeming to constrict each time a breath was drawn in. Both wanted so terribly to blame someone or something for the tragedy that had befallen their small, close-knit family, but whatever or whomever it was that they would eventually choose to blame, it would not be Legolas. The younger Elf had become too much of a brother to them, his behavior too much like Estel's for them to shun the SindaLegolas, however, could not see it. When the twins scurried off with an urgent call from their father, Legolas, too, rose to his feet and shuffled rather lifelessly out into the hall. Elladan and Elrohir bolted past and into Estel's room. When the prince arrived, he found the twins huddled close to their father, a deathly pale Aragorn being the center of their attention. Legolas would have thought him already dead if not for the slight motion of Elrond's hand caused by the rising and falling of the man's chest. Feeling himself go numb and knowing in that very instant that he would die of grief if not guilt first, Legolas backed out of the room and drifted aimlessly through the house, down the steps, and to the forest encompassing Imladris. He could not bear to think of what he would find upon his return—or rather the lack there of. In the distance a rumble of thunder shook the air, rattling the prince's heart in the process. A summer electric storm was brewing and Legolas could feel the static charging the air as he made his way to the powerful presence of the Bruinen. Blood still stained the ground here where the traitorous event had taken place, but it was what he needed to see. He felt the need to subject himself to this mental and emotional anguish as a reminder of what he had done. Growing angry in his grief he chucked a rock into the river and watched as it skipped across to the other side. "If only," were the words ground out between his teeth. "If only—" " If only what?" he thought. If only he knew what had happened? No, the past was the past and he could do nothing to change it. If only he could help? No, Lord Elrond had said an Elven body may survive the attack, but not a human's. Nothing would help. If only…if only Estel was Elven, if only he possessed an immortal heart – "If only he possessed an immortal heart, indeed," said a strange voice. Legolas drew his bow in a single rapid moment. "Who goes there?" he demanded. From the tree line a figure emerged, clothed in earthly tones, attired in a simple, practical manner most associated with Rangers. The being's face was obscured within the shadows of his hood, but by his voice, Legolas easily identified him as a man. The stranger raised one imploring hand in the Elf's direction. "Do you desire to right your wrongs, Child of Illuvitar?" This last part was added with a touch of mocking. Legolas felt warnings flare to life within his head, but thought little of them for the grief in his heart. "What do you mean?" he asked. "'An immortal heart,'" the man quoted. "'An immortal heart could survive it.' Would you desire Aragorn, son of Arathorn, to possess an immortal heart so that he may live to see his duties through to completion?" The Elf hesitated slightly, wondering where this was headed. At last he said, "Aye, that I would." "Then tell me, Prince of Mirkwood, would you part with your own immortality to see this done?" "My immortality?" Legolas was taken aback. The fact that this man knew not only who he was but also Aragorn's rightful identity barely even registered to him in the confused state his mind currently drifted in. "That's impossible. You can not take my immortality from me so freely or easily!" "Ah, so you say. But you do not know what I know. Tell me Prince, would you sacrifice the gem of your very soul to save the one whom to you is as close as a brother? Would you?" The Elf was stuck in what he felt was an emotional, timeless void. Give up his immortality to save Estel? Many times he had contemplated sacrificing his very life for the young human with a destiny the size of the world. But his immortality? How—? "The decision is yours alone to make Prince. But be swift! Offers—blessings—such as this float past as easily as a leaf on the breeze, but as rarely as snow in the summer." "I—" Something within the Elf, a light in his heart, suddenly seemed to flicker and die. A cry of utter, complete sorrow rent the stillness of the air. Legolas knew in that instant that Estel had passed from the world. He also knew what his decision would be. But when he turned back to the man, he found himself to be the only one in the clearing. Panic ripped through the Elf. He couldn't ignore the offer! He turned in circles, screaming as loudly as he could around the lump that had formed in his throat. "Yes, yes! My immortality! Yes! Please!" Lightning danced across the sky behind him. The lonely howl of wind was his only response. With lightening still streaking freely across the sky, Legolas trudged dispiritedly back to the Last Homely House. He needed to apologize, even if only to the empty shell that was his best friend's body. He felt Aragorn should know… The Elf prince paused, feeling strangely out of breath after having trekked through the woods and mounted the steps to the second floor. After regrouping, he stumbled wearily to Estel's room and collapsed heavily against the doorframe. Elrohir was leading their grief stricken father away from his younger brother's deathbed. Neither seemed to notice the panting Mirkwood Elf as Legolas slipped into the room, nearly brushing shoulders with them. Elladan only graced him with a cursory glance as he staggered to the open balcony. Something didn't feel right, but the Elf couldn't quite place it. The humidity of the night began to affect him in a way it never had before and he felt himself begin to perspire. His stomach churned inside him and he gripped the balcony railing with white knuckles, trying to ignore the rush of roaring noise in his sensitive ears. In his nauseous state, he didn't sense Elladan get up to leave the room. Suddenly, everything was spinning. The prince leaned over the railing, praying he wouldn't get sick. He didn't hear the great intake of breath from the bed behind him. The sound of his name being rolled off an unexpected tongue would be his last memory of that afternoon. Elladan turned at the gasp for air from the otherwise motionless figure on the bed. He watched the lips of his young brother form and speak the three syllables of "Legolas" just as the one in question toppled headfirst over the balcony, disappearing from view. With a wide-eyed look at Estel he raced to the balcony, searching for the prince. He lay flat on the ground, two stories down, with one ankle twisted unnaturally. Already Elves were appearing. And off in the distance, lightening continued to race across the darkening sky. Elrond had noticed changes in his two youngest charges during the past months of healing. Legolas had taken a hard fall from the balcony that night so many months ago. He had been unable to find any medical reason for why the prince had passed out and Legolas did not seem to remember the events leading up to his fall. Just like he did not seem to remember the time that led up to the brutal attack on Elrond's youngest son, Estel. Estel… He truly was a gift from the gods. The lord of Rivendell was beginning to think the young man held an extra special place in Illuvitar's heart. How else could they explain the miracle that occurred that night? Estel had been dead when he and Elrohir exited the room. Not only did his heart and mind as a healer tell him this, but also that of a father. Yet when he had heard Elladan's call and raced back to the room, his son's heart was once again beating within his chest. He was unconscious, yes, but with his injuries and weakness it could only be expected. Elrond had been terrified during the first few weeks that it was all some sick joke and the son of Arathorn would still be ripped away before his time came. But Estel had remained and slowly gained back strength. It had also been a fear in the healer's heart in the beginning that the human's spine had been damaged beyond repair—indeed, when Legolas first brought him back, no manner of testing could stimulate a response from the boy's limbs from the chest down. Now he was having pillow fights with his brothers again. Another day or so and Elrond would allow him out of bed since he'd first been laid there so many