Disclaimer: All publicly recognized material is not mine. It belongs to Ms. Stephanie Meyer. I just decided to play with her characters a little bit. Althea is my own creation in which I shoved into the Twilight universe. I am not getting paid for this. I write for pleasure and the enjoyment of others. What if Bella Swan had an older sister? An older sister that stayed with Charlie while Renee took Bella? What would change? Who would really be Bella's true mate? Who would be Althea's true mate? Time line will be moved around my writing pleasure. Today is the first day of my new job. I am officially a paramedic. I now work for Clallam County in Washington. Granted I will be stationed at Forks fire department covering Forks, La Push, and the miles upon miles of forestry surrounding the area. I would also be working with my dad. Charlie Swan the resident chief of police. I have been dreaming about this job since I first learned that my name Althea means "one who brings healing" or just "healer." Once my dad told me that I knew that I wanted to help people. And so once I graduated Forks high four years ago I set out to Port Angeles to go to College and get my bachelors in Emergency Medical Science. I just moved back home a couple of weeks ago and immediately applied to Forks Fire and Rescue department. Within days I was told I got the job. A few days after that dad told me that Bella my little sister was coming to live with us. With me being 21 nearing 22 and Bella just turning 16 I was older by almost six years. My parents had me very young. My mom Renee was only 17 and my dad Charlie was 18 and about to go into the academy. Growing up I knew that my parents didn't really fit together. They were too different. My mom was a hippy with no sense of direction while my dad was the mountain that was enforced and strong willed. He wanted the white picket fence and 2.5 kids where the wife would always be by his side. My mom wanted to travel the world and couldn't hold a job longer than two weeks. It was a big surprise when Bella came along. I think that it was a last ditch effort to try to stay together but a year after Bella was born mom wanted a divorce. Renee took Bella and I stayed with my dad. My mom had claimed that we were already too much alike and he wouldn't be lonely. My dad fought for Bella know how flighty Renee could be but the court ruled in her favor and even said my dad was lucky he got me out of the divorce. I visited Bella and Renee every spring break and fall break. Leaving my dad with his buddies from La Push. Bella visited every summer for about a month. Bella never really liked the weather of the fair state of Washington but when she was 13 I had a discussion with her about how hard dad tries to make her happy and how much he worries when she is not there with us. She grew up a little more that summer and I was proud of her. I knew that I would not have to worry about her upsetting dad when I went off to college in the coming fall. Even though we did not grow up together Bella always looked up to me. It was because of me she out grew her phobia of blood and clumsy stages. It was because of me that she now wanted to become a nurse for the emergency department. I couldn't be any more proud of my sister, and I know my dad couldn't be any more proud of his daughters. The way he talks about us to everyone who will listen is just ridiculous. When dad said Bella was coming to live with us I could not contain my excitement. I mean yes I was almost 22 and still living at home but I had just moved back from Port Angeles and didn't feel any pressure to find my own abode so with dad I would stay. And now Bella would be joining our household. She was supposed to be coming into William R. Fairchild International Airport tomorrow and me and dad would both be picking her up. I could not wait. "Althea are you ready?" Charlie yelled up the stairs. Since we both had to be at work at seven am sharp he was going to drop me off at the fire station which doubled as the EMS station. I looked myself over in the mirror one more time. My long dark brown hair was pinned up in a bun. My tanned skin (thank you grandma Mary for giving me the gift of tanned skin) was bright and fresh looking. My hazel eyes were greener today to match the dark hunter green uniform I wore. My boots shined and were free of any dirt or mud. I knew I looked over eager and excited but all my training prepared me for this day and I could not believe it was finally here. "Yeah dad I'll be right down." I hollered back at him as I grabbed my huge duffel back and sped down the stairs. "You get off tonight at 7 right?" he asked not even looking up from the newspaper as I plopped my bag on the ground to get a cup of coffee. "Yes sir, when does Bella's flight land tomorrow?" "Around four. They are still letting you off early right?" He asked as his mustached lips twitched into a smile at the thought of Bella being home. "Yep, it kind of helps when your dad is the chief of police." I poked him with my finger as I said this causing him to laugh. "Yeah, yeah just don't throw my name around all the time." He teased. "Alright dad lets go we don't want to be late!" I gathered up my bag and walked to the door with my coffee mug in hand. "Okay kid let's go." And we were off. The ride to work was silent. It usually is with me and Charlie. He is a quiet person and I am too. Although once you get me with a patient I usually open up try to get them to talk as much as possible. "Thanks for the ride dad. Have a good day and stay safe." I called to him as I got out. "You do the same. See you tonight." I waved goodbye and he sped off to the police station which was just down the road. With a smile on my face I walked into the station. I pretty much knew a lot of the people here. Forks is a small town and while it is in Clallam County I would be based out of a small fire and rescue department. When I was in school I had a lot of shifts in Port Angeles. Port Angeles is a big city and has a lot of tourists, so there was a lot of excitement there. I knew here in Forks and La Push I would not have a lot of excitement but to me it was worth it. This is where I wanted to be. "Swan in the house!" I heard as walked through the door of the station. "Hey Littlesea! How's it going?" I answered back to the man who was by the coffee maker. He was a La Push native who had been working for Forks Fire and Rescue for about ten years. He was a good friend of my fathers and also mentored me during my education. He volunteered himself to be my partner. I was super excited to begin this journey, and with Jason Littlesea at my side I knew that we would conquer anything. "Geeze Althea call me Jason." He laughed as he gave me a side hug. "Alright, alright. How's the fam?" I asked as I clocked in. "Ah you know same ole same. Collin turns 14 this weekend so Sherry wants to through a party at the beach and invite a whole bunch of people. Wanna come? Bring Charlie and Bella if you want?" By now we were at the counter getting our equipment. "Sure sounds like fun. I'll let dad know." "Swan you getting the drugs today?" Lead supervisor Larry Fields asked. "Yes she is! Larry you know it's her first day, newbies get the drugs." Jason laughed slapping me on the back. I just laughed and signed out the drugs. They were the good stuff like morphine and fentanyl and such. "Truck three today guys." Larry told us. "It's truck three every day Larry." Jason said with a laugh "We have ten trucks Jason everybody gets the same truck. It makes the people happy when they get the truck that they had the day before. That way if they mess something up they can deal with it themselves." Larry said with a smile. "Yeah we all know we don't share well." "Hey I gotta swing by the tribal center sometime today." Jason said as we inventoried the truck. "Sounds good, is old Quil going to be there?" "You know it. That old man practically lives in that place." "I haven't seen him in about two years." I pulled on my sunglasses and hopped into the driver's seat. While Forks didn't have that much sun the days could be a little bright. "You haven't seen much of anybody but us at the station for the last two years, and that was only when you dropped by to see your dad." Jason informed me as we set out to get some much needed breakfast. Not much happened in our sleepy town. Sometimes there were some accidents, some illnesses, and the occasional lost dehydrated hiker but Forks and La Push were both pretty quiet places to be for EMS. "Yeah, how have the people down in La Push been?" I asked "Oh you know fishing and tourists. Every day is about the same. Billy Blacks son Jacob has Billy's diabetes under better control than his girls did. And Harry Clearwater's ticker keeps acting up so Sue's got him on a real strict diet. Then you got the old aunties who forget where they put their rugs and they fall. Other than that every things the same ole La Push." We finally made it to the dinner only to see that my dad was already there getting his breakfast in and talking to the locals. "That's good. Billy's girls were great and all but they were too concerned about themselves and not about helping Billy out. I'll ask dad to pop in on him today when we get off and see how little Jacob is holding up." We got out and were greeted with a warm welcome into the dinner. Many of the locals that I had grew up knowing said help to me. It felt good to be back home. I love the small town life. I don't think I would ever want to live anywhere else. "Hey Althea and Jason come sit with us." My dad called to us. He was seated with three of his officers at a large table. As someone working in EMS you learn to eat quickly because you never know when you will get called away. "Medic 3 we got an accident just off route 101 on fishing Lake Road Medic 3." Came over the radio interrupting the morning cheer. "Status of patients?" I asked into the radio. "Unknown at this time. Call in by a passerby." Mary-Beth the dispatcher responded back through the radio. "Ten-Four Medic 3 is in route." I responded I looked over to see that my dad was dispatched to the same call and smiled