Unlocking Doors My days begin and end with nightmares. There is no stopping them, I learned this right after I get back to 12. I try staying up, try keeping my eyes open in the hopes that I will finally escape. I sit on my back porch, black circles under my eyes, in the moonlight, staring off into space. The wind stirs my hair, raises goosebumps on my skin, as if trying to remind me that I am alive , and pretending otherwise will not make that fact disappear. I ignore it, like I do everything else. All the phone calls from Dr. Aurelius, all the gentle touches from Sae, all the memories pounding on the walls around me - I ignore them all and I cannot find it in myself to regret it. It is not until the sun rises, and Sae comes into my empty house calling for me, that I realize that I am crying. The tears are hot and salty, and they burn the cuts on my face from my constant scratching. I make no attempt to move, or wipe my tears, or call back to Sae whose voice becomes frantic when I do not respond. I just sit there with my tears and my memories that, no matter what I do, will not leave me alone. Both seem to follow me wherever I go, and I hardly remember the time before, when I was not constantly on the edge of breaking. And, when I close my eyes, my body slumps to the deck with a sickening thud. ... I wake up in my bed screaming within the next blink. Flashes of lost children and dead people - Finnick, Cinna, my father, Prim - swirl in my head, and I throw myself on the ground, banging my head on the floor. I do not recognize the words escaping my mouth. They jumble together, reminding me of my hallucinations in the first Games from the tracker jacker venom, and I scream louder in my terror. I know I beg Prim in my screams to come back or to take me with her, to stow me away in her arms and bring me to a place where I do not have to hurt anymore. I cry louder when Prim does not come back for me, and I keep banging my head until I blackout - or so I am told by Sae when I wake up in what passes for a hospital in 12. The people, with their white coats and sterile smelling rooms, at the hospital do not allow me to go home for a month, putting my under suicide watch. I beg to Sae to make them let me out so I can go back to my empty home and be alone. The hospital does not allow me to be alone, does not allow me one minute to my own thoughts. Sae says its for good reason, says that who is she to allow the Mockingjay to die under her watch? I scream at her to leave when she nods after the doctor asks if she wants me to stay. Mockingjay burns behind my eyes, and I feel as if I might vomit if anyone else says the word. When Sae leaves, I fall back onto the bed and start screeching until they drug me into silence. ... My brain swells, and I sweat uncontrollably. Everything is blurry, and I feel nothing. The morphling puts me to sleep, and I have no dreams. ... When the month is over, I go from begging to leave to begging to stay. The morphling becomes my friend, allows me to forget, and I do not want to leave its comforting arms of black silence. I hope I am sly enough to get my addiction past the doctors, hope that I can leave the hospital with enough morphling to keep me out of my head for the rest of my life, but they recognize the symptoms and take away my sweet escape. I spend another month going through withdraws. Dr. Aurelius comes to visit as I shake in a corner. The physical effects of the withdraw have long passed, but mentally I am unprepared to face the demons hiding within my own mind. I shake because I fear going to sleep, and my lack of sleep keeps my body constantly on the brink of exhaustion. Before, I used it as a ploy to get more morphling. The hospital was desperate to get me to sleep, and I traded sleep for morphling with willing eyes and grasping hands. When Dr. Aurelius learned of this, he stopped it, and parts of me hate him for not giving me what I want. "You do not want to become an addict, Katniss," he says to me one day as I huddle in the corner, arms around my knees and a glare on my face. "I see what happens to morphling addicts. None of it is good." I do not reply to him, but sharp anger comes to the forefront of half-crazed mind. It is the most passionate thing, besides sadness, that I have felt in a long time. It terrifies me as much as it gives me hope. I also see what happens to Victors, I reply to him, through lips that do not move. None of it is good. ... When I finally speak to Dr. Aurelius, I am allowed to go home. I am not eager to get back to my empty house in Victor's Village. What I hated about the sterility of the hospital has become what I love about it. There are no memories in these white walls. Just emptiness. Just highs and no lows. Just black voids. My house fills me with things I do not want to remember, and I keep a glare glued on my face when the hospital security escorts me from my room and into the car waiting outside. I see Sae for the first time since I yelled at her when I get into the car, and guilt rises within me when I remember the words I threw her way. I stay stubbornly silent despite my guilt, ignoring her when she tells me hello and ignoring her when she tells me of what I missed while in the hospital. It is nothing I have not heard before. Dr. Aurelius tried everything to get me to talk, and even though I stared at bare walls, I listened more out of boredom than curiosity. All the car ride home she tells me of news from the other districts. I pay no mind to any of this, preferring instead to stare blankly at the window, seeing none of the commotions beyond its pane. Every so often I see my reflection, and it is a girl I do not recognize. I try not to dwell on it, because I know I will start to cry if I allow myself to see the mess I have become, because I know that the things Dr. Aurelius tells me will come back to haunt me and demand I get better. It is in that moment, with Sae talking in gentle tones and my eyes catching my own in the glass pane, that I realize that I do not want to get better, that getting better means that I will have to face my demons, face myself. The tears fall too quickly to stop, and the moment the car stops in front of my house, I sprint out of it, away from my reflection, away from my realizations. Up the stairs I run, up away from every ghost on the ground floor, up away from Sae, who I can hear bumble around in the kitchen with her noisy granddaughter. I sit in my bedroom, against the wall underneath the window, with tears streaming down my face and my fists clenched. I cry for no one this time. I cry simply because I cannot contain my tears anymore. My mouth opens in noiseless sobs, and the only sound in the room is my ragged breathing. It comforts me that I am crying because I want to, not because I have to, and that makes me cry harder because selfishness rules my life. For my whole life the Capitol has been my villain, has been the reason for every bad thing in my life. My father's death, Gale's obsession with weapons, my mother's depression, Peeta's hijacking - all the Capitol, all Snow. Whether they he was directly involved or not, it was his fault. Now, the Capitol is gone and Snow is dead. Now, the only one to blame for my lack of recovery, for my obsession with dying, for my inability to live, is myself , and that burns me worse than any fire could. And my tears burn hot like lava, and though they dry, they scar my face worse than the skin grafts on my stomach and shoulders. ... It takes me a couple weeks to venture down stairs. Sae smiles at me when I cautiously make my appearance. My eyes avoid the hall leading to Prim's room, though I see that the dust that once piled there is gone. By the look of the clean floors and spotless windows, Sae has been cleaning, and I am surprised when I am not irritated at the thought of Sae cleaning the house that Snow gave me. Instead of irritation, I am relieved that I will not have to do it when I find the energy to do something other than cry. ... My recovery starts slowly. I start eating three meals a day, bathing regularly, and even looking out the window into my backyard. I still do not look into the mirror when I shower. Before I ever venture into the bathroom, I ask Sae to cover the large, floor-to-ceiling mirror with a sheet I find strewn in the closet. She looks at me with concerned eyes, asks me why I want to cover up a mirror, but something in my face tells her not to push further. And so she does it with little more than a sigh and walks out, leaving me alone in the bathroom clutching a towel and a small bottle of shampoo. I still cannot find it in me to yank it off. I reason it is because I do not need it, that I managed brushing and braiding my hair without a mirror for sixteen years, so I do not miss looking in my reflection. I know this is not the truth, but it is a good lie. This goes on for months, and the routine becomes my friend more than the morphling ever was. ... I do not notice a difference in myself until one morning before breakfast, when I am looking outside while braiding my hair with slow fingers, and I see how the woods have grown like a wildfire outside. No Capitol gardeners come to trim it anymore, so it overtakes all that it wishes. The large pines grow strong and hearty beyond my fence, and I feel a small pinch in my heart as I stare at them. My hands twitch for my bow when I see a squirrel run up one of the trunks. When I tie off my braid, I stare at the windows, and I do not realize that my hand is flat against the window in obvious yearning until I feel the cold of the glass against my palm. I blink in wonder at my hand, and for the first time in many months, I debate going out into the woods. As soon as the thought comes, a name appears with it. Gale . How can I go out in the woods without Gale? My whole life in the woods coexisted with Gale, the boy who loved me and the man who killed my sister. To go out in the woods alone would celebrate and demean my friendship