A/N: I'm finally back! This chapter just kept saying 'no, I am not ready to be posted' and made me redo do it a bazillion times! But here it is, finally, the redone Namesake, Year of Beginnings Chapter 1. Thanks so much to all those who followed this story; really gave me the incentive and encouragement needed to get this out! Enjoy! Chapter 1: The World of Magic Part 1: A literal cat lady July 23th, 1971, 10:30 So they thought they could keep me in the house? Yeah, right. Eleven-year-old Harrietta Olivia Grandy hung by her knees on a low branch of a tree in her backyard, swinging harder and harder until she shot her hands out and grabbed the branch above that one. She disengaged her legs and tucked her knees up to her chest so they wouldn't get in the way, then dropped to the ground and executed a perfect cartwheel. "So you won't get into trouble in the house while I'm outside?" Harrietta had asked her sister Belladonna, nine, cautiously. "Yes, yes, Rieta," she confirmed irritably. "You go do your flipping thingys. I've got it under control." "If something goes wrong with the twins, Bella, I'm pinning the blame on you for suggesting this." "Sienna and Rollo will be fine. I'm not completely irresponsible." Rieta had snorted in disbelief. "Hallowe'en ring a bell?" Bella scowled. "Shut it, Harrietta, or I might not do this for you." "Sorry kiddo, but the idea's in my head now, and I've got far better blackmail material than anything you have." "Like what, huh?" "Oh, I've been holding it in so long, that time with the picnic rug and the corrosive acid from school might just slip my tongue…" "Oh, just get on out there already." And now Harrietta, or Rieta, as she preferred, was out there doing her 'flipping thingys', and having a great time of it. I just need to master the swinging drop with a cartwheel and then I move — Rieta was jerked out of her musings when an all-too-familiar crash sounded from the house. She sprang up with a curse and raced inside. Rieta's heart dropped when she witnessed the scene: her sister standing frozen in the doorway, caught between racing towards the scene of the crime and staring sheepishly at Rieta; Sienna with her little hands pressed to her mouth in fake contrition and badly disguised glee; Rollo standing with his hands spaced apart and a shocked expression on his face as he stared down at his feet, where lay the shattered remains of an expensive vase. "Oh no…" Rieta moaned. "Bella, I told you —" "It's okay!" called Sienna. "Look!" Both older girls turned to see Sienna watching Rollo as he pulled all the pieces the vase into a little pile then arranged it so it was in a kind of vase shape. "No! You'll cut yourself!" Rieta raced forward too late; Rollo gave a squeak of pain and Rieta saw crimson blood drip from his hands onto the porcelain. Before any of them could act, the doorbell rang. Bella ran and opened it to reveal a tall, stern-looking middle aged woman with a stiff, straight back, dark hair done up in a bun and wearing, of all things, green tartan robes. Rieta grabbed a quietly crying Rollo and lifted him up, then with Sienna trailing behind walked to in front of the woman, but before the young girl could say anything, she spoke in a strong voice. "Good morning, misses Grandy. Are your parents home?" "Um…" Rieta was about to reply in the negative when she heard the familiar growl of a car being backed into their driveway. "They'll be up in a moment." The woman nodded curtly and said, "Well, I can wait." She then bustled past the sisters and sat herself on one of the couches in the adjourning sitting room. "Let us proceed once your parents arrive." "I need to help Rollo," Rieta told the woman. "Of course." Rieta gritted her teeth; this lady was acting like she was the hostess! She hadn't even introduced herself yet. "Ma'am, your name…?" "My apologies, Ms. Grandy. I am Professor McGonagall." Nodding curtly, Rieta hurried from the room and put a band aid on Rollo's finger, just before the door opened and Mrs. and Mr. Grandy entered. July 23rd, 1971, 10:50 It turned out Mr. and Mrs. Grandy did not know Professor McGonagall, and she was here on behalf of a special opportunities boarding school in which she taught that Harrietta had caught the attention of. "Now, my school is not a normal school. It… teaches the students magic." When she reached this point in her little speech the professor seemed to hesitate for a moment. "Magic? Like magic tricks?" asked Mr. Grandy. "You're going to teach Rieta how to be a magician?" "No, Mr. Grandy. We are going to teach your daughter real magic." Professor McGonagall then proceeded to explain to the stunned Grandys about the magical world: "Within Britain, there are two societies: the one see around you, the Muggle, or non-magical one, and the one you don't see: the magical one, mine. "There are magical folk all over the world, but they haven't interacted freely with the non-magical people for a thousand years, since the witch hunts of old. The fear that non-magicals have not changed since then coupled with the fact that Muggles outnumber us almost one thousand to one has made us keep the magical world secret for all those years. "However, every now and again a magical child is born into a non-magical family, and when this occurs, they, along with almost every other magical child, goes to their nearest magical school; in Britain's case, Hogwarts. "The reason for this is because if a child does not learn to control their magic it can go out of control and seriously damage the child, mentally and physically. Some magical born children are homeschooled, but as that is not an option for muggleborns like Harrietta, they must go to Hogwarts or some other magical school." Rollo and Sienna suspended disbelief easily — instantly, they believed what the professor was saying. Belladonna withheld judgement without proof. And of course their parents didn't believe the professor at all, especially without proof. Harrietta was highly skeptical. This was a professor, from a special opportunities school, talking about magic? But she seemed very serious, and what a story… it was so crazy it was impossible to be made up, wasn't it? "Well, if it's true, then you'll be able to prove it, won't you, then?" she asked, gesturing subtly to the broken vase on the floor near the professor's feet. McGonagall's eyes followed her hand, and they widened in realisation. She pulled a stick out of her robes and said, "Indeed I can, miss. Reparo!" She jabbed the stick forward Seeing that the family was still uncertain, McGonagall rose to her feet; all eyes followed her as she smoothly became a cat, Eagerly, Bella leaned forward. "So you're gonna teach Rieta how to do all that stuff?" "I am, Ms. Grandy." "Cool!" And, just like that, it was settled. From her robe (That sleeve was endless!), McGonagall pulled out a cream envelope and handed it to Rieta. Eagerly, she broke the seal and pulled out the first parchment. HOGWARTS SCHOOL of WITCHCRAFT and WIZARDRY Headmaster: ALBUS DUMBLEDORE (Order of Merlin, First Class, Grand Sorc., Chf. Warlock, Supreme Mugwump, International Confed. of Wizards) Dear Mrs. Grandy, We are pleased to inform you that you have been accepted at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. Please find enclosed a list of all necessary books and equipment. Term begins on September 1. We await your owl by no later than July 31. Yours sincerely, Minerva McGonagall, Deputy Headmistress Rieta read the letter, then slowly, she asked the questions that had popped up. "Hogwarts?" "That is the name of our school, yes." "Owl? What does it mean by that?" Don't worry about that. When I return to Hogwarts to find out what other new students I will have to visit who didn't know about magic previously, I will put you down as one of the students who is coming. Owl post is the normal way for magical folk to communicate with each other — we write letters and send parcel via our owls," she explained. "All ink we use is magically programmed to go to whatever the receiver has been written down as." She indicated to the envelope, the front of which Rieta had not look at yet. It read, Ms. H. Grandy Third Bedroom on the Left 18 Ellerdale Road Hampstead London She raised her eyebrows at the overly-specific address, but did not comment. Then she asked, "What am I to bring to this Hogwarts?" "There is a list of materials also in the envelope," answered McGonagall. Rieta reached into the envelope again and pulled out a second parchment. This one contained a list of strange books such as One Thousand and One Magical Herbs and Fungi, and strange objects such as cauldrons and pointed hats. She handed the parchments to her parents, who, with Bella looking over their shoulder, read them slowly, then seemed to accept them as legit. Then Mrs. Grandy asked McGonagall where they were supposed to buy all of this. "Today we will go to a place where you can. I will escort you." "Today?" queried Mrs. Grandy. "When else? I have a lot of other new students to initiate, you know." "Of course." Wait." Rieta looked at her parents. "So, I'm going to this Hogwarts?" "Do you want to, dear?" Rieta was about to answer when a not-so-nice thought occurred to her. "Professor McGonagall? I suppose there is a reason we haven't heard of the magical world before now." McGonagall sighed. "The Statute of Secrecy." "Secrecy? So I won't be able to tell anyone." It wasn't a question, but McGonagall nodded to confirm it anyway. "Witches and wizards are only allowed to inform family members about their magic, and, if absolutely necessary, very close friends." "I can't tell people Rieta's magic?" Everyone jumped; they had completely forgotten about Rollo and Sienna! McGonagall looked sternly at the two six-year-olds. "Under no circumstances are you to tell anyone without express permission, am I understood?" She seemed to have forgotten the age of the people she was talking to. The twins shrank back at the long, stern, incomprehensible words which they recognised as some sort of scolding and shrank back. McGonagall seemed to realise her mistake and repeated her words in a more child-friendly way. Rieta frowned, already wondering how she was going to keep going to Hogwarts a secret. Then she pushed it out of her mind for the moment and looked back down at the book list. "Where are we going to get all these?" "There is a hidden location in London where we traditionally buy our necessities." "Professor?" McGonagall looked down at Bella, who had spoken. "Yes?" "How are we going to get there?" "Ah yes." McGonagall pulled a folded up newspaper out of her pocket, unfolded it, and laid it out on the table. "This is a Portkey, programmed to take us to a specific location, in this case, the Leaky Cauldron, a tavern that is the entrance to Diagon Alley, the equivalent of a Muggle shopping mall." "Muggle?" asked Rieta. "Non-magical folk, like your parents. By the way, Mr. and Mrs. Grandy, could you please bring some money? As much as possible, preferably. We will have to buy a lot, and as Rieta has no prior knowledge of the world of magic, it would be advisable to get some extra reading material so she can learn to understand it all. You may also have to start a new bank account at some point in the wizarding bank, but that can wait until later." "Can you connect your bank to… Muggle banks?" Rieta asked thoughtfully. "I believe so," said McGonagall,