Chapter I Annie Cresta The wind played with my hair, as I strolled across the sand, looking for small, unusual shells that I could make into a necklace for myself. I was twelve; almost of working age. Boys started fishing, selling and gutting when they're twelve, but girls start a year later. I'm determined to spend as much time on the beach as I can, before I join the District Four workforce. There were beaches all over District Four, but the one furthest away from the villages, was my favourite. It was smaller than the rest, and hardly anyone goes there. A perfect sanctuary. I leant down to pick up a conical shell. Splat! I turned around and saw my childhood friend, Finnick Odair, grinning at me, and holding a fistful of wet sand in one hand, and a bucket full of wet sand in his other! With a maniacal laugh, Finnick sauntered over to me, throwing the handful of sand over his shoulder. "Finnick Odair!" I said, my hands on my hips. "What are you doing here?! I thought you have spearing duty at the moment! You know what the peace keepers will do to you if they find you walking on the beach instead of spearing fish in the sea with the other fourteen year olds! Please don't tell me it was a woman in charge and you charmed her!" Finnick gave me a mischievous grin. I sighed, and sat on the sand. Finnick flopped down next to me. "It wasn't hard," he boasted. "I noticed that she couldn't stop watching me, and in the tea break, I stood next to her, and commented on how well her white uniform matched her blue eyes, and she would've looked more beautiful if her brown hair is left out instead of stuffed under a helmet. She couldn't stop blushing. I asked if I could be excused from spearing the fish to find some shells I can make into a bracelet for her. Guess what? She said yes! And here I am! Sitting next to you! She'll be devastated if she finds out, and be heart broken, instead of being angry and whipping me! If you want, I can sweet talk her into allowing you to work next year with me! You're great at spearing fish! As good as any fourteen year old guy, apart from me of course!" I threw a ball of damp sand at him. "Don't leave her heartbroken," I said, placing a shell bracelet I had made earlier onto his palm. "I'd rather you alive and annoying me than dead, or whipped. Or maybe you can charm your whipper into letting you off." "I wonder what Marica will say!" snorted Finnick. My older sister Marica, had an open crush on him since the first time they set eyes on each other. She never stopped gushing about his body and voice or something. Fortunately for her, our parents are good friends to Finnick's parents, and she had many chances to see him over dinner or lunchtime. If Marica found out that she now has a rival for Finnick's attentions, she would fly off the handle! Thinking of my fourteen year old sister made me sad. We had another sister, Gelilah, who would've been sixteen this year. She died as a tribute in the sixty third annual Hunger Games. I darkened, when I thought of the Games. Speaking of which, the Reaping was coming up in a couple of days. "I'm having dinner with your family tonight," said Finnick, throwing a pebble into the ocean. "My parents are selling the fish late at night. Everyone wants a good seafood feast before the Reaping. In case they can never eat it again." "Great," I said sarcastically. "You'll have to make do with a small portion of fish and a quarter of bread if you're lucky. I have more siblings than you by quite a bit." Finnick sat up. "There's you, Davyd," he said, counting on his fingers. "Should I include Gelilah? Johannes, Marica, Perryn, Sergio and Vallery. In my family, there's me and my brother and sister, Jens and Natysha. There's eight of you Crestas (including one deceased) and three Odairs. Has little Vallery fell for my charm yet? Most of you Cresta ladies have already." I rolled my eyes. Typical! Only Finnick would tally down how many girls and women fall for his charm, he was the only one that'll make it his life's goal to sweet talk everyone in the district! I have to admit, that he's doing a good job and half the women already swoon at him. Even my mother wasn't immune to his looks and charisma! If my grandmother was alive, probably she would admire him like every teenage girl and every mother in the villages. "It's almost time for dinner," I said, standing up, and wiping the sand off my sundress. "You should give that bracelet to your lovesick peace keeper before coming to dinner. She might be wondering whether you lied to her or not!" "Fine," said Finnick, kicking sand at me. "Race you to the village?" He ran off before I could give him an answer. Cursing under my breath, I sprinted after him, and eventually caught up and outran him. Just as I reached the end of the beach, a homeless crab scuttled out from nowhere and nipped my heel! I tripped and fell headfirst into the sand. Ouch. Finnick stopped next to me, and helped me up. He dusted the sand off the front of my sundress, while I shook the sand that weaved into my hair, and rubbed some from my face. When I go home, hopefully there's enough water so I can have a quick rinse. I didn't want to eat dinner with sand falling from my hair and onto my plate. A sandy flavoured fish wouldn't be particularly tasty. I was about to thank Finnick for helping me get the sand off my hand-me-down dress, when I saw him silently doubling over and trying not to laugh. He managed it quite well, apart from a snort or two. "Finnick Odair!" I said angrily. "I would've beat you to the village, if it wasn't for that irritating crab, and these stupid sandals! You have no shoes on and started earlier! Not to mention you're taller than me, you have unfair advantages!" He couldn't contain himself any longer. With a sigh, I stalked off. "Annie!" said my youngest sister, Vallery, running up to me. "Where have you been?! Mama needs you to buy some bread from the market! Marica, Davyd and Johannes are helping with the fish and oysters, and mama sent Sergio to collect fresh drinking water from the public well in the middle of the square. She says for me to tell you that the bread has to be fresh, and for you to buy at least a dozen. The smaller you buy, the more you get." " Oysters?! " I repeated. " Fresh bread?! Vallery! What's going on?! We aren't the poorest family in District Four, but we certainly aren't the richest! What happened to 'saving money for the future'? Are you sure that mum wants me to buy fresh bread? What's wrong with the bread we have two days ago? We're all used to stale bread! Is the mayor coming to dinner or something? Why didn't she tell me this morning or something? You can't find a lot of bread at a time like this! The bakers would be closing their shops, and the sellers will be leaving in the markets! Tell me! What's going on?! This is the most surprising thing I have heard all day!" Finnick watched us. "Finnick's coming to dinner!" Vallery squealed happily. I face palmed and groaned. Seriously?! Even my eight year old sister has a crush on that goddamn charmer! Finnick smirked at me. Vallery handed me a small pouch of coins and I marched off, leaving Vallery goggling at Finnick. I was fuming. My mum is a miser and hated spending money! Why the Hell would she spend so much money on dinner just because Finnick was coming?! If it was our neighbours the Fillet family, dinner would be the same as we have everyday! I stopped in front of a still-open bakery and went in. I hated talking to strangers, but was fully relaxed and happy at this shop (Finn's Bakery). My close friend's (Angel) parents ran the bakery, and were the nicest adults I ever knew. They would often give away free slices or leftover pieces of bread to the poorest families of the District. For me and Angel's other friends, the Finns would give us a cheaper price, no matter how luxurious the cake or bread. My mum didn't approve them much, but too bad. If she wants fresh bread for dinner just for a certain Odair , she'll just have to accept it from Finn's Bakery. "Annie!" said Angel excitedly. "I haven't seen you in a while!" "Miss Cresta!" called Mrs Finn, over the noise of baking and other customers. "Your younger brother came here a couple of days ago! Don't you Crestas normally eat a bread or two per week? Angel! Be a dear and help out your friend, will you?" Angel came from the back and handed me a tray and clippers. "Take the bread you want and put it on the tray," she instructed. "This is new," I commented. "We have the best service, and are always so busy!" "You do have the best bread in District Four!" "After you take put the bread on the tray, my dad or mum will count up the cost and tell you! It's a much more professional way!" I knew that Finnick disliked seaweed (only in dishes with other sea ingredients), and an idea of revenge came into my head. I picked up a dozen round and small seaweed breads. There's eight of us Cresta siblings, my mum, and Finnick. My dad won't be with us for dinner as usual. He worked the night shift in fishing. There'll be just enough bread for all of us with a couple left for the morning. I had a feeling that a dozen seaweed breads would cost at least three gold coins. My dad won't be happy at it. He worked non-stop for us, and if he hears about this, it'll spark an argument between him and my mum. He thinks Finnick is a 'nice boy', but wouldn't agree to treat him like a god in dinners. I wished he could take a day off and spend more time with us. I handed the tray to Mrs Finn. "Two gold coins please," she said, winking at me. I thanked and gave her two gold coins. I promised Angel that we would talk more like we did before, and maybe even have a sleepover like the one we had when we were young. Angel is thirteen, but she received permission from the head peace keeper, to work in the family business, instead of gutting, fishing or spearing like the rest of us. Lucky Angel. As I expected, dinner was disastrous and entertaining. All my sisters (and even our mother!) fought to sit on either side of Finnick. To my surprise and annoyance, Finnick declared that he wanted me to sit beside him! At first, everyone was too stunned to move. Then, Marica burst into tears and stormed off. Finnick chortled, and my brothers laughed. Vallery sat on Finnick's other side. Our mum glared at Vallery and me for a full three minutes, before turning away to get the fish from the boiling pot near the back of the house. I lifted my weaved basket full of bread onto the middle of the table. My mum returned with a pot of stewed fish. She dumped two spoonfuls of it onto each plate. When she served me mine, she deliberately dumped it with more strength than necessary, and it splattered