98 About Hakabanks (From the Library of Valtor) Have you ever heard of Hakabanks? There was a time when every living creature would have answered, "yes" to this question. However, when I ask people this question today, most people answer "no". A long time ago you couldn't go a day without seeing one. They roamed the forests and hills, mountains and the orchards. There was no way to hide from or escape them. But that is not a fair thing to say: Few people tried to hide from or escape them. Most humans were given warning when a Hakabank is near. It is hard to miss a Hakabank. When you see one, even if you've never seen one before, you know that you are looking at a Hakabank. Hakabanks are covered in brown hair. The thick brown fur even grows in their ears and noses. They have claws that are good for grabbing and bend and curl like fingers. Hakabanks are giants compared to humans. They are in between seven to eight feet tall with stumpy legs, solid and thick, but no feet. Their ears are shaped like a bears', which enables them to hear the faintest sound. These creatures also have immense strength. Unfortunately, Hakabanks use their strength to cause trouble. Because Hakabanks are taller and stronger than most men, humans are afraid and try to stay away from them. That's why warnings are given. Yet, Hakabanks love mastiff and go out of their way to make trouble for humans. They know the humans' fear and enjoy causing trouble in human settlements to not only frighten humans but also to take booty and treasures of all kinds. For they are greedy beasts. Chapter1: Attacks Close your eyes and imagine a lush hillside full of life and safety. Nestled on the north side of a small hill sits a gleaming castle of white stone. The castle stands 120 quarterhands high, dwarfing the small wooden houses around it. There are green hills all around and a small forest in the south. Yet, the castle stands by itself while the wooden homes are grouped together in farm settlement. The hillside is speckled with bright red tomatoes and deep purple grapes. This village is called Vator and in the gleaming castle sits the king who is not as gleaming or bright as the walls of the castle. The king is saddened, angered, and confused. Men and women in plain cloths came to him from the farming towns to tell the king that their fields are plentiful but that no produce is coming from them because Hakabanks are burning them down. The creatures started burning neighboring kingdoms' crops but when farmers of Vator came to help they too were attacked. The king knew that he could not allow this to continue. The creatures would come to Vator if nothing was done. Who would remain loyal to the king if all the villagers were slaughtered? So, the king decided to do something... He called all of his knights, saying to them: "Sir Victor, Sir Samuel, Sir John, Sir Emit, Sir Dorson, Sir Adam, Sir Bradley, Sir William, Sir Timothy, and Sir Elliot, you have all served the kingdom well. I have chosen you for this mission because you are my bravest and most loyal men. Hakabanks are destroying the city and killing our people. This has been going on long enough. I need you and my guide to find every Hakabank hole and destroy it. If you fail the kingdom will fall. These creatures have declared war on us." The king stopped and looked each man in the eye to make sure his message was sinking in. "As a reminder to these horrible creatures I am ordering you to bring me their treasure. A valuable stone they call 'the heart of the sky' is locked away in one of their holes. It is a stone, blacker than the darkest night that is cut into the shape of a heart." The king gave a humorless laugh and explained. "The black heart is supposed to match that of their merciless leader, Ax. Take that stone and the Hakabanks will never forget what happens when they attack Valtor!" "I know this mission will be dangerous but in time of need you must take drastic measures. No matter what the end brings you will always be Valtor's heroes. You have risked your lives for her and her people countless times. Are you prepared to do so again?" The knights stared at their king in shock. Being a knight and pledging to protect a kingdom was one thing. Anyone could say the words but acting on those words were different. No knight ever dreamed that he would be asked to attack numerous creatures that were stronger and a foot taller than they were. Odds were obviously in the creatures' favor…but who said no to the king? Refusing the great king would land the offender a beheading of sure but fighting a large creature still left a chance at not only survival but glory as well. In unison the men answered, "We accept the call". The king gave a pleased smile and began to tell the men of their guide: "The only way to find all of the Hakabank holes is to ask a Hakabank. They know where every hole is by instinct. Of course none of them will just come out and tell you the location. We can't capture one and make him tell. Still, we have a secret weapon that the enemy does not know about." The king's smile grew as a Hakabank in forest-green pants came into the throne room. The knights instinctively drew their swords, ready to defend their king. Yet, the king said to them, "Put your swords away. Can you not see that this is your guide? His name is Failbin. He was brought to the castle when he was a baby. My best professors taught him the ways and history of man. He is loyal to Valtor and has therefore agreed to guide you. He is now as human as you or me." Victor's face was dark red when he spoke to the king, his words filled with rage and regret: "Your Majesty, he is one of the enemies." At these words, Failbin walked slowly out of the room and back to his own quarters. Victor spoke all the more freely now that Failbin has left. "Why would he not lead us into an ambush?" Samuel jumped in to defend Victor's argument. He wanted to make sure the king knew that he didn't trust Hakabanks and Failbin was no exception. "I see no reason to trust a creature that has turned on his own people." The king said that he wanted to hear the men's opinions but he was not prepared to be questioned so! He did not approve of his men questioning his orders. He bellowed: "I chose Failbin and I trust him. I am king. My word is final. My approval should be enough for you." All ten of the knights looked down in shame. They knew that they could not argue. "I apologize, Sire," said Victor slowly. "I cannot say that I trust the guide but I know I can trust your judgment." Victor paused and looked at the other knights. "If you trust the guide that I know that I can also trust him." The king smiled at hearing Victor's response. Loyalty like Victor's was hard to find. It was a rare trait that must be rewarded. "Victor, you have shown the enormous quality of your character. I am glad I can expect such loyalty from a veteran of your merit... You are now captain of the knights." The king smiled at Victor as all the other knights frowned. All nine of them were thinking the same thing: Failbin was coming with them. The next morning all the knights, Failbin, and the king went to address the people: "People of Valtor, our kingdom have been surrounded by violence from attacking Hakabanks. The creatures attack our neighbors and when we come to their aid we too are attacked. I have tried to make peace with the creatures but none of my attempts have worked. I refuse to stand by while the kingdom suffers. Ten of our best knights and a guide will destroy every Hakabank hole." The crowd cheered and waved their hands in the air. The king turned and whispered to the knights. "The treasure you are searching for must remain a secret. The creatures will move it if they find out we are trying to steal it." The knights nodded and descended the steps down the hill to begin their journey. Failbin led them into the forest at the far side of the kingdom. The men waked in silence through the woods. Their eyes scanned each bush and tree, looking for a pair of eyes each man felt was watching him. No intruder or spy could be found. At sundown camp was made and the knights' distrust of Failbin grew, as the sky got darker. "Victor," John whispered. "Should we not post a guard to make sure the creature does not call his friends to murder us in our sleep?" Samuel nodded and turned to Victor for confirmation but Victor remembered the king's words and said, "We do not need to fear our own guide. If he wanted to harm us he would have done so already... But being in the enemy's territory does require a watch. "I can take the first watch," said John eagerly. Victor looked at Failbin and then to John. "If anything happens wake us all. If the enemy does attack we will need all the power we have to beat them off." Victor ordered. With this fearsome thought trapped in their heads everyone but John lay down and slept. After about five hours John began to nod off until something rustled in the bushes and woke him! Chapter 2: John's Deal The side of the bush moved and rustled on the wind-less night. John walked towards the bush making as little noise as possible in his shaking boots. A tall shadow immerged from the bushes and walked up to John. John opened his mouth to yell but a large hand covered it before he could make a sound. John panicked and began to struggle but quickly stopped with a surge of relief he realized that the hand had no claws or fur. The hand could not belong to a Hakabank. "You're one of the knights the king sent out of Vator, are you not?" Asked a deep voice from the tall figure. John nodded his head, trying to be as cooperative as possible. He didn't want to be killed by this towering form of a man. "Ax, king of the Hakabanks, shows mercy to those who deserve it," said a second shorter figure immerging from the bushes. The tall man removed his hand from John's mouth. "What do you want with me?" John whispered with a trembling in his voice. Both shadow figures had their eyes fixed on John. They were testing him and measuring him in their minds. They both blinked twice as if they had silently made up their minds. The Decision had been made. The tall one turned to John and said, "In the nearest hole there will be guards waiting for you. Make sure that your friends go in. For your loyalty we will give you your life. If one man is missing you shall have the same fate as your company." A paragraph of warnings and threats passed between John and the shadow men as they stared at each other. The tall and short figures disappeared into blackness. John would have believed that the men were nothing more than a dream had it not been for the tingling feeling the shadow's hand left on his face and the small bush needles still clinging to his boots. Samuel, William and