Summary: Being thrown into The Hunger Games with the girl he's almost sure he's in love with is not the only thing The Capitol has done to try to break him. What if he had suffered from The Capitol's cruelty long before? What if District Twelve was not his first home? There is much more to Peeta Mellark than bread and a kind heart. So. Here's something that's been keeping me up some nights. I guess, that if you wanna have an explenation to what this HG fanfic really is about: First, should tell you that his story is told from Peeta's point of view and, like it said on the summary, it's an AU, but I tried to stay as canon as possible! The big changes that I've made, you will notice as the story unfolds, it's on the characters. (Of course, they are still sweet, handsome, dreamy Peeta, and clueless, fearless, awesome Katniss.) The thing is that Peeta, like it kinda shows in this chapter, seems to have some kind of really dark and scary past (you'll see later in the story what's that all about, of course; mistery, my friends), which makes him bolder and fierce. This dark past blablubla it's what keeps our dear Peeta up at nights. The first chapter may be a little boring and canon, but it's the beginning and couldn't help follow the storyline as much as I did. There is a small presentation of Peeta's family too. So enjoy and tell me what you think :D Disclaimer: I'm don't own The Hunger Games, sadly :'( Chapter 1. I've been up in the air Out of my head Stuck in a moment of emotion I destroyed. Is this the end I feel? Up in the air ―30 Seconds to Mars -KP- Cries. Heat. Red. Pain. I jump upwards in my bed, a lump stuck in my throat as cold sweat runs down my back. The pain in my arms is so genuine that I can actually feel the needles piercing my skin and realising that burning feeling inside me, expanding itself throughout my whole body. It lasts just a few seconds, like every morning after a sleepless night filled with nightmares, and I can finally take air in again. I look down and find my body tangled in a mess of damped sheets, while I ran a hand through my ash blond hair. I can't help the sigh that escapes me. It's been a while since the last time I had the nightmares ―maybe two weeks ago― and I'm not surprised they're back. When I was younger, the first years I spent here in Twelve, the constant nightmares were agonizing and clear images of my days back in the Capitol, and to my luck, time was healing for me. It didn't wash away what happened, but it makes it easier to wake up every new day; it's like weight keeps being taken off of my shoulders. When remembering is emotionally and physically painful, however, I want nothing else but to be able to forget. I don't think they will ever disappear, anyway, because even though they sicken me, the nightmares are a reminder of what I've been through in the past. Yes, sometimes I wish I could make them go away, but they keep me sane, they are a proof that those blurred memories are real and I'm not crazy. They are a proof of the Capitol's boundless cruelty. After so many years, I can say I'm used to waking up like this in the mornings; nevertheless, it doesn't and won't ever make it more bearable. Nightmares are even worse when bad things are coming. Like today. Today is the reaping. The Capitol will choose a male and female tribute of each District ―in between the ages of 12 and 18― to go and compete for their lives in a selected arena, while the rest of Panem watches as they kill each other in order to win, to survive. To come back home. In my opinion, the reaping in Twelve is worse than watching the actual Games; every year, the reaping is nothing but wishing that your name doesn't come out of that large glass bowl and feeling relieved once it's over because it's not you who's up there next to Effie Trinket but some other familiar face. And you know, like the family of the chosen, you know that you won't see them again because they are not coming back. It's sickening; it's revolting how the Capitol' people find it entertaining. I sigh again at my trail of thought while I stand. Pulling some trousers on, I walk inside the bathroom and look at myself in the mirror, not really surprised with what I find in front of me: the young man staring at me from the other side looks ill, with dark circles under his blue eyes drained of their long gone cheerfulness and replaced by emptiness. While washing my pale face with cold water, I catch sight of that large scar on my left shoulder through the mirror, but make myself look away quickly. I hate the scars. "Ready for today?" asks Percy as I enter the kitchen. He's alone, eating brand new bread and drinking coffee ―today we can have little luxuries, one of us my get picked after all―, while dad seems to be chattering with a costumer at the front of the shop. "As ready as I can be," I mutter pouring some coffee into a mug. "Where's Parker?" "How in the world would I know?" snorts Percy. I pay no attention to my brother as he stuffs his mouth with more warm bread, nor do I pay attention to my mother who walks inside the kitchen then, sneering at who knows what. I look down, because I don't want to be a target of her temperament this morning. It doesn't go as I expected, though. Because as soon as I hear the voice of the customer who is treading with father, the plate I was taking out from the rack slips from my hand and crashes against the floor. I don't catch it, I know that I could have, but my mind is off to the shop where Katniss Everdeen speaks with father. From what I can listen, there is not much talking, just the exchange of a few words while she searches for her game inside her bag. "Peeta!" shouts mother looking at me with a death glare, bringing my mind back to the kitchen. She throws at me a broom and adds, "Clean it, useless boy." While I clay the shattered dish, I can't help but let my head wonder about Katniss, going all the way back to the day that I first talked to her. It was not the best of days though, but I like to think that I helped. It rained and it was cold to the bone. I was working in some frosting at the shop and keeping an eye on Parker's breads in the oven while he came back from attending a costumer, when I heard my mother's screaming outside. It took me just a second to realize that she was threatening someone in our back yard, someone from the Seam who seemed to have been going through the trash bin. I heard the word Peacekeeper and knew that whoever was outside would be punished if catched. I peered through the window to see what was happening, and I still can remember her skinny form backing away from mother to a close apple tree, her checks hollowed and lips cracked. I recognized Katniss instantly; she was at my year, and had always catched my attention somehow. We had never really spoken before, but I could find myself staring at her every time I saw her at school; there was just something about her, something that made me unable to look away, still makes me. So watching her there in the rain under that apple tree, slowly starving to death, was not an option for me. I glanced at Parker's bread in the oven and, as fast as I could, threw the loaves into the fire and took them out so they were not completely burned, just scorched black at the crusts. Mother came into the bakery then and grew even angrier once she saw the ruined bread, and shouted at me for being so useless as she dragged me outside. "Feed it to the pig, you stupid creature! Why not? No one decent will buy burned bread!" she screamed one last time before she slapped me across the face, hard. I expected it, so I simply took the hit. It was nothing. Nothing compared to what I had gone through in the past. And I would take it a thousand times if it meant feeding Katniss. I began tearing off chunks of the loaves and toss them to the pigs, until I heard the sound of the door being slammed as mother stormed off into the bakery again. Looking over my shoulder to make sure the coast was clear, I turned to Katniss. Our gazes locked, blue met grey. That's when I started running towards her, getting soaked in just seconds, the bread secured against my chest. "It's the best I could do," I said and handed her the three loaves. "Take it." I could tell that she looked astonished, protecting the bread from the rain under the jacket ―too big to be hers― as I quickly helped her to her feet. "Go," I rushed her gently when she didn't seem to respond, frozen and staring at me. "Go." Then I stood there, as I watched her run all the way she had came from. And of course, I woke up with a cold the day after. But I didn't care, because next time I saw her it was days after at the bakery, treading a squirrel for more bread with father; I was at the door and our eyes met again until she looked down and left. After that, every time we saw each other, at school, at the bakery, anywhere, we would look at each other in that same way; sometimes there was a smile, or a nod, or a 'hi'. It was just a way to acknowledge the other, somehow. While cleaning the floor, I get closer to the door at the same moment she looks up, and we do it again; our gazes lock and I can help but think that she has the most mesmerizing eyes I've ever seen. "Didn't see you there, son," says father turning to me, the hint of a smile over his lips. I know what he's thinking, because I'm sure he knows about those feelings I've always had for Katniss. "Your brother was calling for me a minute ago, you come here and trade with Katniss." I try to hide a smile too; if I'm home, father always lets me trade when it's Katniss at the door, and of course I never complain. It's the only time we speak more than a word to each other and even though Katniss is all for business, it's perfectly fine for me. Father leaves and I rest the broom against the wall before approaching Katniss, who frowns and tries to look anywhere but me. "So, let me see what you brought today," I say and Katniss takes out three squirrels from her bag, all three of them shot right trough the eye, like I expected. "How you manage such a great shot, I will never understand," I compliment her and she stays quiet like always, though I can see the corner of her lips twitching up. I smile as I walk to the back in search for the bread; Katniss barely speaks when I'm around, and I like to think that it's because I manage to spark up something inside her. The truth is that she still feels like she owns