Fire and Bead Katniss I woke up to Prim's anguished screams. "Shh, it's okay, it was just a nightmare," I murmured as I held her tightly. "You're going to leave us today," she sobbed. "No, no, I would never leave you," I assured her as I stroked her soft, fair hair. "But you know what they say, faction before blood," she insisted, sniffling. "That will never be true for me," I promised her. "You will always be my little sister before anything else." "Then why are you leaving Abnegation?" she asked, her voice high as she cried, her blue eyes welled up with tears as they ran down her rosy cheeks. I bit my lip. "Because I'm not selfless enough for this life, Little Duck, I'm too self-centered," I explained. "And it would be even more selfish of me to stay and not live the way I should." "Okay," she looked down sadly. "But just promise me that you'll try to make it through Dauntless initiation." She whimpered. "Of course I will; I'm pretty smart, you know," I said as I kissed her forehead. "And you know how to hunt," she added. "Plus, maybe Gale can help you since he went with the Dauntless too," she said hopefully. This was true. Two years ago, my best friend Gale Hawthorne had been the first to leave Abnegation in many years, and I had promised to join him later in the Dauntless faction. I smiled at my sister, "Yes, I hope he can help me out too, but I'll probably have to make through most of it myself," I told her. "I'll miss you," she whispered. My eyes watered up, I hated being this selfish, I hated having to leave her, but it was all for the best. The results of my aptitude tests had been controversial, but I had no doubt in my mind that I was meant to be Dauntless. "I'll miss you too, Little Duck. Now go back to sleep. I'll be back later," I said soothingly. "Will you sing?" she requested. I nodded, and began to sing her the first few verses of the meadow song. Deep in the meadow, under the willow, A bed of grass, a soft green pillow Lay down you head, and close your sleepy eyes And when again they open, the sun will rise I tucked her in and kissed her head again. "You know the rest." I said as I finally grabbed my father's leather jacket and left. Peeta "I'm leaving today," I announced at the breakfast table. Everyone looked up at me in horror. My brothers gaped in disbelief, while my father frowned sadly and my mother glared at me threateningly, "You would be selfish enough to leave your family and your faction?" she accused. "Well then maybe that's why he's leaving," my middle brother, Rye, pointed out. My mother gave him a look that made him shut his mouth and turn back down to his plate. "Let him be," My father said patiently as he held my mother's hand. I had never seen them show any affection, but surprisingly, my mother didn't pull her hand away. Then, my father's gentle blue eyes met mine as he said, "It's alright, son, we understand and respect your decision. We love you and we'll miss you, and we wish you the best of luck in your new faction," he smiled. My mother snorted and rolled her eyes in disgust. But I simply returned my father's smile and thanked him for his support. "I support you too, little brother," my eldest brother, Leven, said. "But I don't understand why you're leaving…you were the most selfless out of all of us, you always baked extra bread for the factionless, and you never gave us any reason to doubt that you belonged in Abnegation." "Until now," mother huffed. "He just wants to go after the Everdeen girl, because he knows she's leaving too," Rye smirked. "That's not true," I said. "Katniss Everdeen is probably going to join the Dauntless like her friend Gale did, but I want to join Amity," I explained. "I can be a baker there, too, and still feed the factionless during my free time. Besides, my aptitude tests resulted in that faction," I confessed. "Then what do they have that we don't?" Rye asked skeptically. I shrugged. I didn't want to admit that I also wanted to go there to become a painter; their colorful life had always appealed to me, while the concrete streets and gray clothing of the Abnegation always made me feel like I was missing something in my life. "I guess their lifestyle just appeals to me more," I finally managed to say. "Fine, leave, but know that you're abandoning your family for some petty, selfish, whim," Mother seethed. "Well at least I won't have to be as selfish as you, since the least you could do is not insult me for your own benefit," I said as I stood up and left upstairs to get ready for the ceremony, slamming my bedroom door behind me. This life was definitely not for me. Katniss I walked through the gray streets towards Madge's house. She and Delly were my friends from school, but Madge's house was closer, and her father was the mayor, he and my father worked together. I knocked politely on the door for a few times before she finally opened the door. "Oh, Katniss thank goodness you came!" she cried out, ever the drama queen. "I came to say goodbye before the ceremony," I explained. "I did too!" Delly announced as she appeared behind Madge while I stepped inside her house. "So now you're both leaving!" Madge's lip wobbled. "Oh, Madge we're so sorry," Delly said apologetically, her eyes wide with guilt. "Delly, where are you transferring to?" I asked her curiously. "I'm joining Amity," she replied. Well, that wasn't surprising. "And Peeta Mellark said he was too," she added. Now that caught my attention. Peeta Mellark was possibly the most selfless person I had ever met; never in my life would I have considered him to be anything other than Abnegation. Part of me had always secretly assumed that I would have ended up married to him had I decided to stay, but I would never admit it out loud. Anyways, it was obvious now that this would have never been the case. "What? No way, not Peeta too!" Madge exclaimed, shocked by the news. "Madge, maybe you can come to Amity with us," Delly said gently as she touched her shoulder. Madge shook her head. "No, I could never leave my ill mother, or my kind and loving father. I'm happy here in Abnegation; this is where I belong," she insisted as she clutched the buttons in her blouse that went up to her neck; she was decent to the point of pain. "Well, I for one am excited to sing songs and pick apples from the orchard and wear beautiful yellow dresses," Delly sighed dreamily. "And I need to leave to join Gale so we can jump off of trains with the Dauntless," I said dryly. Delly and Madge turned to me in horror before I assured them that I would be fine. "Goodness, Katniss, you're really making us worry," Madge accused. "But if that's what makes you happy, then we'll support you," Delly finished, although she still looked terrified. "I have something for you," Madge finally remembered as she dug for something in her pocket. "Madge, it really isn't necessary-" I began, feeling uncomfortable with the idea of receiving presents. "This is a special occasion," she insisted as she held out her hand and handed me a gold pin with a bird holding an arrow in its beak. I took it and spun the small, cool object in my fingers. "It's a mockingjay," I suddenly realized. Madge nodded. "It used to be my Aunt Maysilee's before she left to join the Dauntless…she's not alive anymore, but I want you to take it as a token of good luck," she smiled. I bit my lip. "Are you sure?" I asked. "Definitely. Keep it. Maybe it'll help you get through initiation, I heard it's one of the toughest," she said worriedly. "I think you'll do great Katniss," Delly said encouragingly. "Thanks, Delly, Madge," I nodded at both of them, trying not to cry. Madge and plastered on a smile, as she always did when someone needed cheering up, "Well, we better start getting ready for the ceremony," she suggested. "It's almost time for it to begin." Peeta The Choosing Ceremony always took place in the Hub, and this year it was hosted by none other than Amity. We were arranged in a concentric circle, the outer one full of sixteen-year-olds, the inner one with families sitting in rows, and the last one containing the five metal bowls where we would make the decision of our lives. All of the five factions were represented here: gray stone for Abnegation, water for Erudite, earth for Amity, lit coals for Dauntless, and glass for Candor. A woman with bright pink colorful clothing named Effie Trinket smiled and began speaking the opening messaging, passionately describing the virtues of each function and their purpose in our society. Her voice was high-pitched and cheerful, and a bit annoying to be honest. I tuned her out after a while as I waited for her to call out the names, my eyes scanning the room for Katniss Everdeen. She was wearing a dress that almost looked blue, perhaps a darker shade of gray than my button-down shirt. Then, I began to pay attention as Effie began to call out the names, knowing that they were always given in reverse alphabetical order. Before I knew it, I heard my name and I stood up and headed towards the stage, taking the knife that was being handed to me. Without hesitating, I stood in front of the bowl with earth in it and sliced the knife through my palm, allowing my hot, red, blood to soak into the moist brown earth as my hand stung in pain. Once I was finished, I went to sit by new faction, some of them already offering me hugs and smiles and claps on the back as if we had been friends forever. I had never felt so light. Soon, they called out Katniss' name and she stood up nervously as she went towards the stage and repeated the same procedure, except with another faction. The brave and determined look on her face was admirable, and she didn't even wince when her dark blood sizzled into the fiery coals of the Dauntless bowl. Katniss Everdeen, the girl on fire. She made everything inside me burn with passion, and I knew that no matter how hard I tried, I could be never be with her. She had made her decision, and I had made mine. We were simply too different, and she was leaving to join another man. My eyes followed her as she took her place beside the Dauntless, who turned to her skeptically and mockingly. But she would show them. I knew she would. Katniss It has been three months since I've joined the Dauntless, and all I can say is that not only am I lucky to have survived initiation, but I am proud of it. Not only have I made many new friends, but I was also lucky enough to have Gale as my Dauntless instructor, and he helped me immensely, especially with my hand-to-hand combat skills. Unfortunately, I also made enemies, among them a ruthless blonde boy named Cato, a mentally twisted girl named Clove, and snide boy named Marvel. But somehow, I still made it through, and even ended up tattooing three mockingjays on my chest, each one symbolizing a member of my family that I had left behind. Tattoos were extremely popular in Dauntless, and some people were covered in them. My