Always Real Prologue My earliest memory as a child was Prim's birth. It was dawn, and Mom had been screaming in pain all night. My father had told me to stay in bed, and I kept the covers over my head, pretending that I wasn't listening, but surely even he knew better. We didn't sleep at night with the anxiety of mother going through labor and the excitement of knowing that we would have a new baby soon. And sure enough, it was just when the sun was peeking out of the sky that we heard her cry. I couldn't pretend any longer; I leapt out of bed to meet the new baby, my little brother or sister. "Look at her, isn't she precious?" Dad exclaimed, beaming as he held the tiny baby girl—my sister- and bent slightly towards me so that I could see her. She was still naked and crying, her skin so rosy it was almost red, but I could still distinguish her blonde hair, and I knew then that she would take after my mom the way I took after my dad. I nodded eagerly. "I wanna carry her!" I begged. I then extended my arms above my head as my mom lay exhausted but content on her bed while the nurse hurried to everything clean up. "Oh no, not yet, Katniss, she still needs a bath," Dad explained. "Okay, Daddy," I pouted. Then, "What's her name?" At this, Mom looked at me and said, "Primrose. Just like the tiny yellow flowers that grow in the garden. But we will call her Prim for short," she smiled. "Prim," I tried out the name on my lips, then my eyes lit up in approval as my sister finally stopped crying and looked at me with deep, blue eyes. Mom's eyes were lighter than that, though, and as my gaze shifted towards her to compare, I saw a strange, worried expression on her face that I could not discern. Katniss (2 years later) "Do you want a shortbread cookie?" the boy with blonde hair and blue eyes asked me shyly when he approached me at the playground as I sat on one of the swings. "Really?" I asked incredulously. No one at school had ever offered me cookies before. He blushed. "Sure…um…you sing pretty," he mumbled as he looked at the ground while his hand extended out, offering me a beautifully decorated cookie with a yellow flower in the middle. I took the cookie gently from his hand; I had never had one of these before, but the flower looked familiar. "My Daddy made them," the boy explained as he took out a second cookie from his now empty sack. "It's a primrose," I suddenly remembered as I held it towards my lips and began nibbling on it. His eyes widened, "You know what kind of flower it is?" he asked, amazed. I nodded eagerly. "My baby sister was named after it. Plus, my Daddy's teaching me 'bout plants and he's gonna teach me how to swim too," I went on proudly. "Whoa, my Daddy's only teaching 'bout bread," he said as he took a bite from his cookie. "I like bread…" I said. "What's your name? I'm Katniss." "Peeta," he replied. "Peeta," I repeated, liking the sound of his name already. Then, remembering that he had given me a cookie, I said, "Thank you, Peeta." And he blushed even brighter, his grin wide as his eyes directed at the ground. And that was the day I became friends with Peeta Mellark. Five Years Later "Peeta, she'll hit you!" I cried worriedly, the desperate tears streaming down my face undistinguishable from the rain. "Don't worry, I'll be okay," he assured me as he shoved two loaves of bread in a paper sack and then gave them to me quickly, making sure that no one was looking. "But they'll notice that they're gone, and that no one paid for them!" I insisted. He shook his head and opened his mouth as if to protest, but just then, his mother walked in behind him as I stood outside the backdoor. "Why, you little bitch!" she screeched as Peeta whipped around in terror and I stood there frozen, still clutching the paper sack around my skinny arms. "Katniss, what are you doing here, go! Leave! Run!" Peeta yelled as his mother finally reached him and smacked him full in the face, my feet finally reacting as I stumbled away quickly, looking behind me only long enough to see his mother reach out for her rolling pin. I bit my lip and kept running, knowing that it was cowardly of my part to leave him defenseless, but what could I have done? I was starving and weak; I was lucky that I could even run, and besides, I had Prim to think about. After my father's death, nothing had ever been the same. But now I would always owe the boy with the bread for saving my life, and I hadn't even thanked him. I could only hope that this wouldn't ruin our friendship. I promised myself that I would repay him no matter what the cost. Four Years Later Primrose Everdeen! "No! I volunteer! I volunteer as tribute!" I cried out desperately as the Peacekeepers held Prim away, Gale picking her up as she screamed. "It looks like we have a volunteer," Effie Trinket said in a rather pleased manner. I climbed up the steps, swallowing the lump in my throat as I told her what my name was. "Well I'll bet my hat that was your sister!" she said cheerfully. I nodded, "Y-yes," I croaked. "How wonderful," Effie commented with a smile. "Let's give her a round of applause, shall we?" she suggested. But of course no one clapped. Instead, they gave me the three-finger salute, using silence as their peaceful way of rebelling. We do not condone this. All of this is wrong, I could almost hear them say as they held their fingers to their lips and then extended them towards me. "And now for the boys," Effie finally went on after allowing a pregnant pause to pass. She dipped her hand into the boys' bowl and carefully took out a slip, "Peeta Mellark!" she cried out in her strange high-pitched voice, her Capitol accent making it so that she emphasized the "t." But there was no mistaking it. She had said Peeta, and my heart sank as I saw the devastated look on his face, realizing that neither of his brothers would volunteer for him as I had done for Prim, and that he would have to go against me. But I knew even as he climbed the steps that he was holding back his grief, and that he wouldn't even try to save his own life, for he had always made it clear that he was in love with me. "Well, don't be shy, shake hands," Effie said after a second. And we did, knowing that neither of us would ever really be able to come out of the arena without the other. Even if one of us survived, we would always be trying to find our way out. Two years later " I love you, Katniss ," he whispered in my ear he held me in his arms. I tear rolled down my cheek and soaked into the pillow beneath my head as we lay in bed. It was one of those days. After everything we had been through and after the war had ended, here I was, broken and suffering through another loss. It was a loss that I had certainly never expected, but had nonetheless caused me a lot of pain. "It'll be okay again," he insisted as he gently pulled a strand of hair away from my face. "We'll have another opportunity to become parents." I stiffened. "No," I said coldly. "I don't want children, and I'm not meant to have children, and this was proof of it," I spat. "It was proof that it was a mistake." He froze. "Katniss, just because we didn't plan it doesn't mean it was a mistake—an accident, perhaps, but never a mistake . I told all of Panem that you were pregnant because they needed to hear the full extension of the Capitol's monstrosity, and you told the rebel districts that you lost the baby because they had to know the sacrifices that you were making for them. But we're husband and wife now, and there's no mistake in us having children someday," he maintained passionately. "Peeta, I don't think you understand. I'm not meant to be a mother, and I never wanted to be one any more than I ever wanted to get married. And despite the fact that I love you now, we're only married because they forced us to do it. We would have never done the secret toasting if it wasn't for that," I argued. "So you regret ever having being with me?" he asked, hurt. "No, of course not! I just wasn't sure then if I loved you any differently than I loved my friend Gale, but I can see now that I do. I would never regret being with you. The only thing I regret is almost losing you to the Capitol after they kidnapped and hijacked you, and then losing your child during the rebellion, the only thing I thought I had left of you," my voice broke towards the end. He held me tighter then, holding me against his broad chest as I wrapped my arms around him. "Well I can promise you now that you will never lose me again, no matter what," he murmured as he kissed the top of my head. And for the first time in weeks, I smiled as I looked up to meet his deep blue gaze. Later that day, I finally gathered the courage to go downstairs and eat dinner with my family. I popped a cheese bun in my mouth as Peeta sat down beside me, Prim picking thoughtfully at her mashed potatoes on the other side of me. Out mother was sitting stoically in front of us, not making much attempt at conversation any more than Prim or I. "Why's everyone so quiet?" Peeta asked curiously, trying to lighten up the mood. "No reason," Prim replied quickly. My eyes drifted towards my sister as I finally realized that something was up. My mother simply kept eating, concentrating on her plate and avoiding my gaze. "What are you trying to hide from me?" I suddenly snapped at her, deciding that I didn't have the patience for this. "I don't know what you're talking about, Katniss," Mother said calmly, still refusing to look up. "MOM, DON'T JUST SIT THERE, LOOK AT ME!" I yelled angrily as I slammed my fist on the table. Prim jumped as her eyes widened in terror. "Katniss, calm down…" Peeta said gently as he held on to my shoulder. "NO, PEETA, DON'T TELL ME TO CALM DOWN, I'M SICK AND TIRED OF EVERYONE HIDING THINGS FROM ME BECAUSE THEY DON'T THINK I CAN HANDLE THEM!" I screamed as I finally stood up and headed out the door, heading out towards the woods to clear my head. Maybe they were right, and I was mentally unstable. Anyone would be after what I had gone through, but what about Peeta? He had been hijacked, and every once in a while he still had episodes, but they never hid things from him. I scowled as I walked to the edge of the woods, hearing Peeta's loud, heavy steps behind me; his prosthetic leg hadn't helped him improve on walking stealthily through the forest. I knew then that any ideas I had of hunting were out of the question. "Katniss, wait up!" he called out, panting for breath as he grabbed my arm. I whipped around impatiently, "What, Peeta? Are you going to tell me that you're hiding something