A/N- Affectionally dedicated to IzzySamson. I really enjoyed working on this prompt, and I hope you enjoy reading it! I do rather love WWII, sailors, and jazz music ;) Especial thanks to my amazing beta, Court81981. This story would have not have been what it is without all of her help! Also, it wouldn't have had as much smut;) I really cannot even begin to express how grateful I am for everything. All mistakes are mine. Enjoy! Friday, May 17th, 1940 New York City 18:00 hours Peeta I breathed in the warm summer air as I tucked the furlough in the inside pocket of my white summer uniform, using the handkerchief around my neck to wipe the sweat off my brow. The city reeked like fumes, but it was home. Finnick, Gale, and I had just stepped off The Capitol , the ship that had carried us home from France. We had two short weeks to taste freedom, but after that, we had to go back to fight for it again. "Do you hear that, Peet? I can hear the jazz tunes calling me already!" Finnick exclaimed as he clapped me on the back. I grinned at him. Finnick and I had been trumpet players when we were midshipmen at the Naval Academy. "Well, I'm excited to see the dolls dancing in their short skirts," Gale smirked as we strolled off the dock. "What would Commander Snow say if he found that that's why you requested a furlough and not because you wanted to see your poor, dear momma, who's probably worried sick about you?" I shook my head at him mockingly. "Aw, dry up, Peet, we all know you're itching to eat some pussy," Gale remarked as Finnick guffawed. I scowled at them. "Y'all are just jealous because I'm the pussy champ," I declared proudly. "Don't be vile," Finnick said, acting offended. "We're just as good, and in my case probably better than you are." "Oh, really? Do you have a badge to prove it? I don't think so," I said, pointing to all my medals, "This one right here, the one beside the purple heart, is my pussy-eating-champ badge." They both burst out laughing. Gale nudged me. "Who gave you that, anyway? Those French girls you've been drawing? You need some American girls, man." "I'm surprised you're saying that, Gale, considering what that last American nurse did to you," I reminded him as we walked up the street. "Oh yeah, the one who sent you that Dear John letter? What was her name? Madge Under the Sea?" Finnick asked innocently. "Lay off, you two," Gale scowled at us. "And it's Undersee." "Fine, but you know, I do miss some of those French girls…most of them said things like, voulez-vous coucher avec moi, and of course the only word I knew was oui so I got lucky every time," I grinned as we approached a shop. "You slay me, Mellark," Finnick said between chokes of laughter. Gale frowned, digging his hands in his pockets thoughtfully. "It's too bad we lost France to the damn Nazis," "You're such a killjoy, Galileo," Finnick said. "France always loses everything. The only wars they don't lose are the ones between themselves. They make love, not war. Why do you think we were talking about French girls in the first place?" "What did you just call me?" Gale asked as he gritted his teeth at him. "Oh, come on, we saw it on your furlough," I chuckled. "Don't even act like that's not your real name. What would your momma say?" "Will you shut it up about my momma? And if you two even dare mention my real name again, I swear I will-" "Hey, is that Duke Ellington I hear? Let's hit up this joint!" I interrupted him as I stepped into a bar called Abernathy's, the others sauntering in behind me. "This is just a recording; I thought you meant the actual artist!" Finnick groaned, taking off his Dixie Cup hat in frustration. He clutched the white canvas hat in his fists, making it look like a rag instead of a disposable drinking cup. While I was always careful in rolling the top quarter edge of mine to give it a flat edge, Finnick was always wrinkling his, and Gale liked to loosen his to make it look round. "Forget that, look at those girls over there!" Gale said eagerly, momentarily distracted by a short-haired brunette with a sly smirk and coquettish brown eyes. She winked at us as the song ended, approaching the stage with two other girls with similar sparkling dresses behind her. "I called her first," Gale breathed. "Seriously, Hawthorne? All you think about is your di-" Finnick began until he caught sight of the second girl. This one had long brown hair that fell in tousled waves and bright sea-green eyes. She blushed as she noticed Finnick's shameless gawking, fidgeting with the hem of her short blue skirt. "Yeah, you can have the short-haired one. I call that lovely mermaid behind her," Finnick said eagerly. "Let's take a seat closer to the stage!" he suggested as the girls prepared to perform onstage. But it was the third girl who really caught my eye. She had her hair back in a simple braid, and she was wearing a bright red-orange dress that complemented the passionate fire in her gray eyes. She scowled at me when she noticed me staring as I took my seat between Finnick and Gale. She was absolutely beautiful. "Up next are Johanna, Katniss, and Annie, performing to In the Mood ," a round-bellied man holding a pocket watch announced before he left the stage to them. The audience clapped, and Finnick even wolf-whistled. Gale licked his lips in anticipation. I held my breath as I watched the girl on fire take the microphone when the music began playing and her friends began dancing to the fast beat on either side of her. Mister Whatcha call 'em what-cha doin' tonight? Hope you're in the mood because I'm feelin' just right. How's about a corner with a table for two where the music's mellow in some gray rendezvous? There's no chance romancin' with a blue attitude. You've got to do some dancing to get in the mood. I watched and listened in awe as her voice filled the room, her fierce gaze beckoning me as she sang, the other two girls joining in at the chorus. I had never heard such a heavenly voice in my entire life. My crotch stiffened as she took in a breath, causing her breasts to lift, and her sweet lips opened in a tight "O" when she sang that she was in the mood . Boy, was I in the mood. No one else in this room was more aroused, save perhaps for my companions. Be alive and get the jive you've got to learn how. Hep hep hep. - hep like a hepper. Pep pep pep. - Hot as a pepper. Step step step. - Step like a steper. We're muggin' and huggin' we're in the mood now. The pixie-haired one when came down from the stage and began dancing and shaking her hips in front of Gale, his rakish grin becoming hungrier as she teased him, slapping his hand away when he tried to touch her buttocks. Mister Watcha call 'em all you needed was fun. You can see the wonders that this ev'nin' has done. Your feet were so heavy till they hardly could move. Now they're light as feathers and you're right in the groove. You were only hungry for some musical food. You're positively absolutely in the mood. Sister Watcha call 'em I'm indebted to you. It all goes to show what good influence can do. Never felt so happy and so fully alive seems that jam and jumpin' is a powerful jive. Swingaroo has given me a new attitude my heart is full of rhythm and I'm in the mood. Finnick hooted and whooped as he watched his mermaid blow him a kiss, and I drooled and gaped at the silver-eyed girl singing in front of me. I knew then that just like my fellow sailors, I was a goner. Katniss "That was exceptional, girls!" Effie, the bar owner's wife, chattered on after we finished our show, going on about how we were all the rage out there. Effie was in charge of organizing our dances and costumes, but I was hardly even listening. I had seen him looking at me, the dreamy sailor with the sky-blue eyes and golden hair. I finished my performance and quickly followed Jo and Annie backstage, where the rest of the nightclub girls were chattering on about their makeup and costumes. "Did you see those delicious sailors? I call the blonde one," I heard Glimmer gush to Clove, who nodded enthusiastically. I glared at them. I had always hated Glimmer, but this time her comment really set me off. He'd been staring at me, for crying out loud. "Ugh, I can't stand those gold-digging bitches," Johanna remarked as soon as they were gone. "Jo!" Annie chastised her. "Someone could hear you, pipe down!" "Well then let them, I don't care. I'm just callin' them as I'm seein' them," she huffed. "You mark my words, that dark-haired sailor with the Fuck-Me gray eyes will be mine before the end of the night!" She lifted her breasts, adjusting her sparkling green dress in front of the vanity mirror. "Oh, well in that case, I call the handsome ginger with the cute dimples," Annie sighed dreamily as she fluffed her hair, biting her bottom lip. "What about you, Katniss? Don't you think we didn't notice you eyeing that blonde one," Jo grinned. I blushed. "I was not," I lied. " He was eyeing me ." "Then I guess you wouldn't mind if Glimmer took him," Annie said innocently. "No!" I exclaimed before I could stop myself, and they both laughed. "Oh, it's not like I would have a chance with him anyways; he looks like a swell from a rich family, all of them do, and I have other things to worry about," I said. After all, I was just a night-club girl trying to make enough money to bring home to my momma and my baby sister Prim. "Kitty-Kat, you're never gonna find a man with that attitude, and Primrose is no longer a baby, she's sixteen-years-old for crying out loud!" Jo reminded me. "Yes, Katniss, Jo's right. You need to loosen up and have some fun!" Annie agreed. "You too, Annie? You usually take my side!" I complained. "Well, she's right, and I'm sorry, but I couldn't help overhearing you three. I saw how that handsome sailor wouldn't take his eyes off of you, Katniss. We used to be friends way back in the day. Maybe I could introduce you two," Delly suggested as she walked by us. "Delly!" I blushed. "I think that's a wonderful idea, and we could use that excuse to get him to introduce us to his friends!" Johanna exclaimed. "Oh, no , absolutely not," I said as she pulled me away towards the bar. But it was too late. They had already made up their minds, and there was no stopping them as we approached the table with the three sailors. My heart skipped a beat as those crystal blue eyes landed on me, and I felt nervous as I tried in vain to swallow down my nervousness. His gaze did things to me that I could not fathom. "Peeta, do you remember me? Delly Cartwright, from school," she said as she grinned at him, and he looked up at her with a large smile on his lips, his face lighting up like the sunrise. Oh no, I thought. I'm already comparing him to the sun and I haven't even formally met him yet! "Why yes, Dells, of course I remember you! We were best