It was our first holiday together, and living together was hard. Peeta was obviously the perfect boyfriend, but sometimes that just made me feel like I could live a hundred lifetimes and never deserve him. Every day he would wake up at the crack of Satan's ass to make breakfast for me and then go to work at the bakery so that by the time I woke up a few hours later to go hunting, everything would be ready. And then later on, I would get home from hunting, and lunch would be ready too. We did get to make dinner together, however. I would bring home meat, and he would bring bread from the bakery. Today was different, however, for we had an argument during lunchtime. "Katniss, I want it to be real," Peeta began as he picked at his food. "Forget it. I don't want to deal with that," I argued, taking a huge bite of wild turkey leg. "But Katniss," he whined. "But nothing, Peeta. It's too messy." "I just want to see what it's like for you." He set down his fork, looking at me seriously. "Then go the fuck outside and see for yourself," I snapped impatiently, pointing at the woods with my turkey leg. He sighed and stood up abruptly, tightening his lips as he walked towards the window. He was mad at me, but he had gotten on my nerves. "It's not the same," Peeta finally said softly after a moment, turning to me with a heartbroken gaze Un-fucking-believable. He did not just use the freaking puppy face on me. He knew I couldn't say no to that. "Peeta, it's not worth it being real. I just think we need to get a fake Christmas tree. It's much less of a hassle if you ask me." "But just imagine how wonderful it would smell…" "It's a fucking pine tree; I'll get you a pine-scented candle for Christmas." "Easy for you to say, you spend all day in the woods," he pouted. "Well, excuse me for not working at a bakery." I rolled my eyes at him as I sucked on my fingers after I finished eating. "Yeah, well next time I'll bring you a cupcake-scented candle instead of an actual cupcake and we'll see how that makes you feel." "Oh, for Pete's sake, just buy the goddamn tree!" I threw my hands up in the air in exasperation; there was just no arguing with this man. His face brightened up instantly as he grabbed me by the elbow to drag me out the door, and before I knew it, we were out on the road to go buy a Christmas tree. "This is going to be so much fun Katniss, you'll love it," he said excitedly as he gripped the steering wheel. I rolled my eyes. "If I see pine needles all over the floor…" "Nah, I'm sure it'll be fine. And if there are, I'll clean it up." "You said the same thing about us getting a cat, but there were still hair balls all over our house," I pointed out. "That's different, and Buttercup didn't mean to puke on your father's hunting jacket!" "Yeah, well I'm glad Prim has that stupid cat now, or I would have drowned it or maybe even cooked it for dinner." "Honestly, Katniss, what is it with you killing everything? Your sister Prim is the exact opposite. She heals animals." "That's what we do. You bake. I hunt. Prim takes in puking animals." Peeta chuckled. "I love you." "Shut up," I grinned. When we arrived at the Christmas tree farm, we saw that the parking lot was full, and we had to wait for five minutes for a family of seven to load up their kids and make sure their Christmas tree was well tied to their minivan before they pulled out. We parked and got out of the car as we walked towards the entrance, where we were greeted by one of the managers, Haymitch Abernathy, the town drunk. "Well, well, look who's here." Haymitch grinned. "I knew you two would come by eventually." I scowled at him. "Oh yeah, what made you think that?" Peeta frowned at me and turned towards Haymitch. "What Katniss meant to say is that I finally convinced her to buy a live tree." Haymitch smirked, "I think I have just the thing for you two; follow me." I rolled my eyes as Haymitch led us through an endless maze of trees until he finally stopped in front of a medium-sized pine tree that seemed like a perfect fit for our apartment. "Whaddaya think?" Haymitch asked, pointing up at the tree. "I think it's just what we came looking for, isn't it, Katniss?" Peeta was delighted. "Yeah, yeah, let's just buy it and get out of here; it's freezing cold," I said impatiently, clinging to my flimsy green sweater. I cursed myself for not bringing my father's hunting jacket. "Well don't get your panties in a twist, sweetheart. I found you a good tree in record time!" Haymitch exclaimed. "Thank you so much, Mr. Abernathy. We'll take it," Peeta said before I could flip Haymitch off for talking to me like that. Not even Peeta called me sweetheart; he knew better than that. "Excellent!" Haymitch said as he rounded up his workers to help us load the tree on top of our car while counting up the cash that Peeta had given him. Soon our tree was tied up on top of our car, and Peeta and I were on our way back home. I cranked up the heat as I shivered, while Peeta sang along to the Christmas music playing on the radio. I tried not to wince; he was horribly off-key, but I loved him too much to tell him so. After a while I felt my phone vibrate inside of my jeans pocket, and I pulled it out to see that my little sister Prim was calling me. "Hello?" I turned down the music so that I could hear her better. "Hey Katniss, I need to ask you a huge favor," Prim began. "Well, don't even ask me how I'm doing," I said dryly. "I'm sorry Sis, it's just that I'm in a big hurry," she said anxiously. "Rory just won tickets to Florida, and we have to leave soon if we want to catch our plane. I was wondering if you could take Buttercup in for the next two weeks until we come back." "What?" I exclaimed. "You're going to Florida with your boyfriend, and you want me to take care of your stupid cat? What even—" "We'll do it," Peeta said loud enough that so that Prim could hear him from the other side of the phone. "Oh that's great, thanks so much guys, I'll be at your place in an hour!" And then she hung up the phone. I gaped at Peeta incredulously. "What the fuck, Peeta?" He sighed. "Look Katniss, I think you should be happy for your sister. She's going on vacation, and she just needs you to watch the cat that we gave her until she gets back from her trip. It's no big deal. I'll look after him myself if you don't want to do it." I groaned. "Well great, thanks for making me feel like a dickbag." Peeta turned to me in frustration, "Katniss, I wasn't trying to—" "Peeta, watch out!" I screamed as I saw a massive trailer truck coming straight towards us. "Oh shit!" he cursed as he turned the steering wheel abruptly before it could hit us, but unfortunately, the same could not be said for our tree. In the midst of all the madness, it had fallen off of the roof of our car and had been run over by the same trailer truck that had just been about to kill us. "Our Christmas tree!" Peeta exclaimed as he ran out of the car to inspect the damage. I got out of the car right behind him and saw that there was nothing but broken tree branches left. "I told you we should have gone to Wal-Mart to buy a fake Christmas tree," was the first thing I said. Peeta clenched his jaw at me in rage, but then he took a good look at me, and his expression changed from anger to worry in a matter of seconds as he ran up to me. "Katniss, you're bleeding, are you okay?" he asked as he cupped my face and ran his thumb across my forehead to show me that there was indeed blood there. "What's your name?" "Katniss Everdeen." I rolled my eyes at him. "I'm 24 years old. I live two hours away from New York City with my boyfriend, Peeta Mellark. I have a 20-year-old sister who thinks she can just go to Florida with her boyfriend and leave me with her stupid cat. We bought a stupid live tree and almost died in a car accident. I'm not dead. I should be dead. Why the fuck am I not dead…" I ranted off. "Maybe I should take you to the hospital…" "No way, I hate doctors!" "Your mom is a doctor, maybe I can take you to her." "My mother is no exception; I'll be fine, Peeta," I said as I wiped the blood off my brow with my sleeve. It didn't even hurt that bad. I did feel a bit dizzy, but I didn't want Peeta to fuss over me even more than he was already doing. "Let's just go home." "Okay, we'll buy another tree later." "Today is the last day to buy a tree there." "I know, we'll go to Wal-Mart and buy a fake tree, just like you said," he said urgently as he kissed my lips softly. "I just want you to be okay," he stroked my hair gently as we stood on the side of the road. I wanted to complain about the cold, but I had already been acting bitchy all day, and Peeta was doing the best that he could. "No, Peeta, we've made it this far, we might as well go buy another damn live tree. I'm sure Haymitch will find us another one and give us a discount or something if we tell him what happened." "Are you sure?" he asked worriedly, inspecting my minor injury. "Maybe you got a concussion; you're acting so strange…" "Peeta, do you want us to have a fucking tree or not?" I scowled. He grinned. "That's my Katniss. Okay, we'll head back to the farm, but if you start to feel sick, or dizzy, or in pain…" "Peeta, I'm fine." "Okay, okay, let's go." He helped me get back into the car and then took his place behind the steering wheel as we drove back to the Christmas tree farm. When we arrived, almost all of the trees were gone, and it took us even longer to find a parking spot because there were so many cars. By the time we found a parking spot, Peeta decided that I should wait for him in the car "for my own safety," but I just scowled at him and informed him that I was neither a child nor disabled and I could get out of the car if I damn well wanted to. Finally, he sighed and I went back in with him. "Well, look who is back!" Haymitch exclaimed as soon as he saw us. "Ooh, what's that nasty scratch you got there, sweetheart?" he asked me, pointing up at my forehead. "We almost got hit by a tractor trailer and we lost our tree," Peeta explained sadly. "And Katniss got injured in the process, but she says she's ok." "That's too bad," Haymitch said sympathetically, and then he took a large gulp from his flask thoughtfully. "Tell you what, kids. I'll give you a fifty-percent discount on whatever tree you pick out. There aren't very many