Prologue ONCE UPON A TIME, in the far-away land of Panem, there was a humble coal miner from District Twelve with six sons and six daughters. Their names were Gloss, Darius, Finnick, Thom, Marvel, Cato, Johanna, Glimmer, Delly, Madge, Primrose, and Katniss Everdeen. The family lived in a secluded cottage in the woods, near the poor side of town known as the Seam. Despite their poverty, the Everdeens were known for their pride. Each Everdeen had a special talent, and all of them possessed a great and unique beauty. Gloss, Cato, Glimmer, Delly, Madge, and Primrose were all fair-haired with cerulean eyes and porcelain milk-colored skin and were the envy of the town, for they took after their deceased Merchant mother. Darius and Finnick were the handsome gingers, who were said to look like their great-grandfather; and Thom, Marvel, Johanna and Katniss were the dark-haired, olive-toned siblings who resembled their father. It was not a surprise, then, that some of them were rather vain. Glimmer would always demand new dresses while Delly was obsessed with shoes; Cato, Marvel, and Johanna always seemed to need another weapon, and Gloss, as the oldest, often complained about their lack of riches and thereby his nonexistent future inheritance. But Mr. Everdeen did as best as he could to provide for his children, hunting on some mornings, working long shifts in the mines, and then coming home to help his children tend the crops. It was only thanks to his other, more caring and selfless children that he found the strength to go on. Oftentimes his face would sadden as he recalled that it had been a long time since he had been out hunting with his sons until he would remember that it was actually his daughter Katniss whom he missed hunting with the most, for she was the one who was best with the bow and arrow. Yes, his beloved Katniss was his heart and pride although he loved all his children the same. And yet it was Katniss who always put her siblings before herself, bringing home the most prey so that they could eat stew for dinner on the nights that Finnick wasn't able to catch enough fish, and it was she who always sang in the woods alongside her father, so that even the birds would stop to listen. Her head would always also be buried in a book, and Madge and Primrose would follow suit, always eager to discuss these books with their grey-eyed sister while braiding her long, dark hair. One night, as he came home from the mines with his sons, Darius and Thom, he announced to his children that he had excellent news. His in-laws had decided to retire and bequeath the apothecary to the Everdeens, but he had to travel to District Four to reclaim it, for that was where his late wife's family resided. He told his children that he would bring them back gifts from District Four, and it was then that they all made a list of jewels, shoes, dresses, and fancy shields and weapons for him to bring back; only Katniss was prudent enough to think that they wouldn't be rich enough to have all of that. And thus when her father asked her calmly what it was that she desired, she only asked for a single white rose, for she had not seen one of those in a long time, much less possessed it. Her father smiled and promised to bring her back her rose, not knowing that it would cost him more than he could have ever imagined. He did not know that the rose would come from the enchanted castle outside the district, where a hijacked prince held on to it for dear life. Katniss I missed my father already. He had only left this morning, and as I strolled into town with my sisters to get a new book from the library, I scowled at the sight of the egotistical Gale Hawthorne. He thought he was the best hunter in this town, but I knew I could take him any day. Not that I needed to prove myself to him. "Hey Catnip!" he called out cheerfully as my sisters swooned over him. I groaned inwardly. I detested that stupid nickname, but at least it was better than Cat Piss , which is what my brothers used to call me when we were little, and still did sometimes, only to test my wrath as I threatened them with my bow. "Oh, Gale!" My sisters gasped and fanned themselves. "Hey, Gale," I said resignedly. I had long ago accepted that Gale wanted me instead of my more beautiful and willing sisters. It was not something I was happy about, and I hated him more for it. "What are you reading now?" he scoffed as he ripped the book from my grasp, ignoring my protests. " The Hunger Games? Is this a book about food? How come there are no pictures?" he frowned as he flipped through the pages impatiently. "You could say that, Brainless," Johanna smirked at him. She was the only one besides me who didn't fall over herself when she saw him, but I knew that she found him attractive. This, I knew, was her way of flirting with him. I sighed. "No. It's a book about a post-apocalyptic world where one young man and woman from each district between the ages of twelve and eighteen are reaped to fight to the death…" "That's awfully morbid, Catnip," he cut me off, wrinkling his nose in distaste. "Oh no, you don't understand! There's this boy, and he's in love with this girl, and he does everything for her, but she doesn't realize she loves him even though he brings her hope and they end up getting married and having babies as they heal and grow together," I said dreamily. Gale raised an eyebrow. "Oh, never mind, you'd have to read the whole series!" "She's read those books like ten times already," Glimmer rolled her eyes at me as she stroked Gale's bicep, Delly giggling as she squeezed the muscles on his opposite arm. Gale laughed boisterously, "Oh, Kitty-Kat. Always with your head in the clouds. One day you'll be my wife and bear all of my children, and you certainly won't have to fight to the death for that. " He winked at me as my sisters nearly fell at his feet, as if his words had been somehow poetic or romantic. I scowled once again in distaste, taking my book back from him. "I highly doubt that, Gale," I said tightly as I pulled Madge and Prim along with me, their eyes wide as they looked back at Gale. Ugh. I would never understand what any of them saw in him. Was it so wrong of me to want a man who respected my decisions? "Honestly, Katniss, do you have to be so rude to him?" Glimmer chastised me as we walked back home. "He's so dreamy; you should marry him," Prim added. "If I were you, I would ride that stallion so hard…" "JOHANNA!" we all yelled at her before she could finish her sentence. She shrugged unapologetically. "Oh, what I'd do to have those lips on mine!" Madge sighed. "Did you feel those abdominals? " Delly bit her lip in yearning. "Ugh, why don't you all marry him, then?" I exclaimed impatiently, running away from them before they could respond, angry tears stinging my eyes as I clutched the book close to my chest. None of them understood me, and neither would Papa. He would marry me off to him as soon as he came back and Gale asked him for my hand in marriage, and there was nothing I could do about it. Even my brothers would be happy to get rid of me, to have one less sister to care for. Everyone expected me to marry Gale Hawthorne, and that, most of all, was precisely why I didn't want to marry him. I wanted a choice. I wanted love. I wanted the man who brought me hope, the one who I could not even survive without. I wanted my own sweet baker, like the one in my book, but the only bakers around here were pudgy, middle-aged men, and they just wouldn't do. I sighed as I finally reached my meadow and sat down amidst the dandelions, resting my book on my lap as I propped it open and ran my fingers through the beautiful words on the parchment, re-reading the cave scene for the umpteenth time. The words hunger and kiss and fire floated through my head, and I closed the book and wondered, not for the first time, what it would feel to kiss someone. I picked up a dandelion in bloom and blew the seeds as I began to sing, closing my eyes and imagining what it would feel like to have someone's soft and tender lips descend upon mine, and I let myself dream. Peeta I only needed one kiss to break the curse. I clutched the vase holding my precious white rose as I looked at the sunset outside my window in desperation. I was a broken man, and I knew it. My soul was in pieces, my mind bent and twisted. I could not go outside to look for a wife in this state. She would have to come to me, but what fair maiden would tread into the treacherous woods and walk into an enchanted castle? How could anyone ever love someone like me, an unstable murderer full of scars with a wooden leg? And that was not to mention my occasional episodes where I wanted to strangle anyone in sight. I hated myself. I hated everybody. I hated this stupid curse that had fallen upon my castle and all of its inhabitants. I knew I would die like this, broken and alone. A single petal fell from the rose, as if to further prove my point. Every day that passed was a day wasted. I would never find my true love like this. Who was I kidding? King Snow had known that when he had cursed me with his stupid roses. As if killing my family and messing with my mind hadn't been enough, he cut out all my servants' tongues and gave me two years to break the curse that had fallen upon me. If by the end of the two years all of the petals from the rose had fallen and I still hadn't found my true love, I would die along with it. More than anything, I wanted to recover my sanity. I wanted to be a good person again, to know what was real and what was not. But I knew I would never be the same charming prince, the one who everyone loved and admired. Not since the rebellion. No, the evil King Snow would never forget that we had refused to form an allegiance with him when Queen Coin had invaded his kingdom. My father had always refused to involve himself in conflicts, and my mother had never been afraid to show her distaste for any of the other royalty. Feeling betrayed, King Snow sent his witches to curse us, leaving only me, the obvious successor (since neither of my older brothers had been the least bit interested in running a kingdom) alive. When I had asked him why he had allowed me to live, cursed, instead of killing me off with the rest of my family, he had calmly replied, "Hope. It is the only thing stronger than fear." And with that, he had left, leaving me to ponder and realize that I had been played. I was simply an example for the rest of the kingdoms who dared to defy him, and no one had refused him since then. As night fell and I continued to gaze out of my bedroom window longingly, this time pleading at