Five years old It was the first day of Kindergarten, and five-year-old Peeta Mellark was tripping over his untied shoelaces and clutching his bag of cheese buns anxiously as he tried to keep up with his father. He was excited, yes, but also nervous. Would the other kids like him? What if he didn't make any friends? Peeta felt his daddy clutch his sweaty palm as they walked, and that's when he realized that he had voiced his thoughts. He looked up to see his father's kind blue eyes meet his. His daddy smiled, "Don't worry, Peet, you'll be just fine." Peeta nodded; Daddy always knew what to say to make him feel better. Peeta took a deep breath, and as he looked up, he saw something—or rather, someone, who made his heart stop and his breath hitch. He stopped, and his father turned to see what had captivated his youngest son's attention. "Peeta, we need to get going…" his father began. "Daddy, who's that girl?" Peeta gasped out in awe. Mr. Mellark saw him pointing at an olive-skinned girl with two dark plaits, silver-gray eyes, and a little red dress walking with her own father; she was the spitting image of him. And suddenly, Mr. Mellark understood. "Why son, that is Lavender Everdeen's daughter," his father said nostalgically. "Who?" Little Peeta asked. Mr. Mellark bent down on his haunches so that he was eye-level with his youngest son. "I used to be in love with that little girl's mother when we were young. But she married a coal miner instead," he smiled sadly. Peeta looked back at the lovely girl with two braids. Her gray eyes were soft and her smile was so bright and happy that it made his heart skip. She looked up at her father and chatted animatedly at him, and in that moment, he knew he would be just like his daddy and fall in love with an Everdeen woman. And this was good, because Peeta wanted nothing more than to be like his father. He wanted to be a baker just like him and bake cookies and give them away free to little bitty kids who were barely three and went to preschool because they weren't big boys like him. He told his daddy so, but his father simply frowned and looked at him sadly, and Peeta could not understand why. "Alright, Peet, I need to get going," his father said, as all of the other kids started walking into the building while their teachers came out to greet them. The little girl in the red dress stood on her tiptoes to kiss her daddy's cheek goodbye, and Peeta wanted to follow after her. He wanted a kiss too. He hugged his father quickly and then started running towards the building, but he ended up tripping on his shoelaces and falling flat on his face instead. The other kids laughed at him as he stood up, and the teachers shushed them as his father helped him dust off his clothes. Peeta tried not to cry because he was a big boy now, and his momma would slap him if she found out he had cried at school. "Son, you need to tie those shoelaces," his father said sympathetically as he knelt down to tie them. "Daddy, will you show me how to do it?" Peeta asked. He didn't like the fact that he still couldn't tie his shoes and that he tripped over his shoelaces all the time. "Of course, son. What you need to do is double-knot them," his daddy explained, and then he started showing him how the laces crossed and went over and under, like crossing a bridge, and how you needed to make bunny ears and have the two bunnies cross the bridge. It all seemed confusing to Peeta at first, but he knew that with practice, he would get it right, as that was what his daddy had told him when he baked his first cookie. One day, he would learn how to make cheese buns, though, and he clutched his paper bag close to his chest at the thought of giving one to the pretty Everdeen girl. Maybe that would make her fall in love with him. Later on that day, Peeta's class went to music class, and he was pleasantly surprised when he saw the girl in the little red dress raise her hand high up in the air when the teacher asked who knew the Valley Song. The teacher referred to her as Katniss, and before Peeta could get a taste of the name on his lips, she began to sing. His mouth gaped open in wonder, and his heart leaped with joy as his ears were flooded with the sound of her beautiful voice. She sounded like an angel. She looked like an angel, and in that moment, Peeta was in heaven. But more importantly, he was a goner. The days and weeks passed, and Peeta could not build up the courage to talk to her. No matter how hard he tried, every time he tried to approach her, his nerves would kick in, and he would trip over his shoelaces or his throat would clog up and he would open up a classroom window even when the teacher told him not to because he needed fresh air. He began to sleep with the windows open for this reason as well. Every night, Peeta would toss back and forth on his bed in the bedroom he shared with his older brothers, thinking of Katniss Everdeen. He would sweat from exhaustion and from the heat that would rise up into their second-floor bedroom. So he would wait until his brothers were asleep to open up the windows. It was thanks to the fresh air that he could breathe again, and it was for that reason only that he slept at all. It was she who made the first move. It was Valentine's Day, and all of the parents had been invited to their special Valentine's Day party. At first, Peeta was shocked when he saw his mother show up, but then he remembered that their bakery was providing all of the goodies, so of course she had come for that. And he wasn't wrong in assuming this. His daddy had come up to him to hand him one of his beautifully decorated cookies, but his mother simply shooed him away when he tried to approach her, claiming that she was busy setting everything up and that he would just mess it up. So Peeta sat back down at his desk to eat his cookie quietly, and he was more than astonished when he saw none other than Katniss Everdeen take the seat beside him. Peeta dropped the cookie he was holding as he gaped at her, but thankfully it landed back on his paper plate. His momma would whoop him in front of everybody if she saw him waste a valuable pastry like that. "K-Katniss?" Peeta squeaked out after a minute. She smiled. "Hi Peeta, I was just telling my daddy about you." Peeta looked up to see a stern-faced Mr. Everdeen look down at his daughter in concern. "W-what?" Peeta wondered if he was in trouble already. "I was telling him about how you were my boyfriend," she declared proudly as she took one of his sweaty palms in hers. Peeta nearly fainted. Could he possibly be dreaming? "I am?" He couldn't be more awestruck if he tried. Katniss nodded enthusiastically. "Yeah, you know why?" "Why?" "'Cause I said so." And in that moment, she leaned down and kissed his cheek quickly before running off in the opposite direction, Mr. Everdeen chasing after her while shaking his head. Peeta could not believe his luck. Katniss Everdeen had kissed him! He touched his cheek in disbelief, and he could still feel the lingering sting of her soft lips against his flushed cheeks. It was the best feeling in the world, and he just had to share this with somebody. So he stood up and ran towards his daddy to tell him what had happened, but in that moment his mother approached them and heard everything. She was not happy for him at all. "You sound just like your useless father," his mother scoffed, "always depending on women to tell him what to do. I cannot believe you would associate yourself with that Seam trash, Peeta. You are such a disappointment. I do not know where I went wrong with you; you were a terrible mistake." And with that, she stalked off, leaving his father torn between arguing with his wife and consoling his crying five-year-old son. In the end, he ended up taking a handkerchief out of his pocket to wipe Peeta's nose. His momma was so mean to him sometimes, and he couldn't understand what he had done wrong this time. Everyone in the class was staring at him now, but he could care less. He tried to rub his runny nose with his fists, but his daddy told him not to pick his nose because the booger monster would eat his fingers, and that only made him cry more. Everyone knew that Jack's great-aunt Ripper had lost her hand to the booger monster when she was a kid, and Peeta did not wish to suffer the same fate. His life was hard enough as it was; the struggle was real. It wasn't until all of the parents had gone home that Katniss approached him again, and he offered to share his cookie with her, splitting it in half so that that they could both eat it. "Don't worry, Peeta, the booger monster won't eat you. I've never seen you pick your nose," she said matter-of-factly. "You've seen me?" Peeta asked incredulously. Katniss nodded. "Oh, yes, I see you all the time. We're in the same class, silly. I've seen how you double-knot your shoelaces now so that you don't trip anymore, and how you always open up the windows when it's too hot." "Learning to tie my shoelaces was hard," Peeta admitted. "And I also like to sleep with the windows open, so I can't pick my nose ever because that would just let the booger monster in real quick." Katniss nodded understandingly as she finished up her cookie. He asked her if she had liked it, and she nodded happily and gave him another quick kiss on the cheek, and he blushed. "You're the best boyfriend ever," she said. That was it. He was in love. Eleven years old Katniss Everdeen no longer smiled at him in the hallways, or held his hand beneath the desk. Her father was dead, and Peeta did not know how to console her. He knew it was beyond him when she stopped talking to him completely. She started avoiding him and ignoring everything he said, and she never sat beside him anymore. Peeta was hurt by her rejection, but he understood that she was grieving, and there wasn't much that he could do to help her. He couldn't bring her father back. He couldn't even be her shoulder to cry on, because she wouldn't let him. The days passed, and she began to appear thinner and thinner. Peeta grew very worried. When he expressed his troubles to his older brothers, they simply shook their heads at him, telling him it was a bad idea to start sneaking her some bread, as he had suggested doing. He couldn't let her die, but he also couldn't get away with it without his mother finding out, and he was afraid of what she would do to Katniss. Every evening, he would stare out at his window and watch her dig through the trash bins, and he would just sit there and cry because he was as useless as his mother had always said he was. He had to do something and soon, before it was too late. It was during