A Noble Peasant's Heart Based on the story of Guiscardo and Ghismonda from Giovanni Boccaccio's " The Decameron" For the day one prompt, "Legendary Romances" Haymitch Abernathy, King of Panem, had never in his life committed a ghastly act; he was known to be a kind and noble man, if not the most sober. He never had any children other than his daughter, Katniss, for Queen Maysilee had died during childbirth twenty springs ago, and he had lived alone with his daughter ever since then. Despite the fact that he loved his daughter unconditionally, he would have been much happier if he had not had her. When his daughter reached a marriageable age, however, he found that he did not have it in his heart to let her go. She was the only person he had; she was much too precious to him. Nevertheless, he eventually gave her to Gale Hawthorne, a son of the Duke of the Capitol. Unfortunately for the young couple, their marriage became short-lived when Gale died during battle, leaving Katniss no choice but to return home a widow. And thus Haymitch welcomed his daughter back with open arms, vowing to himself that he would keep her to himself this time. Princess Katniss was the most beautiful and clever woman in the kingdom, with an unusual talent for archery and a most enchanting singing voice. She lived happily with her father in great luxury, but she soon realized that her beloved father had no intentions of finding her a second husband. Finding it immodest to question him about it, she decided that if the opportunity were to be presented to her, she would secretly take in a courageous lover. An abundant amount of men frequented her father's Court, some of them nobles and others not, and Katniss regarded each one with close attention, taking into account both their mannerisms and behavior. In this way, Katniss' heart was captured by a young man named Peeta Mellark, one of the bakers of the castle. She could not help but notice how despite his humble ancestry, he was a virtuously charismatic man with many noble traits, and the more she saw him the more she admired him, falling for him secretly and yearning for him desperately as time went on. Peeta was not blind to this, for he had watched her from afar ever since he was very young, and he was so deeply in love with her that he hardly ever thought of anything else that wasn't her. He often drew sketches of her and then snuck them to her through one of Katniss' women, usually Primrose, sometimes even including love letters and paintings. In return, Katniss would sing in the garden outside the kitchens so that he could hear her melodic love tunes as he baked. One day Katniss came up with a plan so that they would be together. She knew that Peeta watched her every move, but that they could not be together in front of everyone because their love would be strictly forbidden and frowned upon, and she did not trust anyone with her secret. As she watched the sunset paint the sky with soft orange light, she wrote a note for Peeta, telling him to meet her in a hidden cave that was in the forest, hiding the letter in the hollow tree trunk where she usually kept her bow so that she could go out and hunt without being watched or criticized by others. She also knew that if she gave the letter directly to Peeta, someone else might see that she had given it to him, and her nosy maidens often read Peeta's letters to her. When Peeta found the note, he was overwhelmed with joy and excitement. Katniss had sneaked into the kitchens that day, as had been her custom since she was a child, and had asked him for a cheese bun; he baked them for her knowing that they were her favorite. She then told him about her bow, and how she was the one who usually caught the squirrels for sport. Peeta had been surprised to hear this piece of information about her; he knew that she was a great archer, but he had had no idea that she actually hunted game. However, it suddenly made sense to him why they always seemed to have squirrels that had been shot straight through the eye; it was all evidence of Katniss' skill. His fondness for her grew even more, and she smiled at him and told him in a hushed tone how to find her bow, challenging him to seek it. He took the challenge, and now here he was, following the letter that she had carefully written and was supposed to lead him to the cave. The cave was very close to the King's castle, hollowed out of a hill and with a small opening that was hidden with overgrown vegetation. Katniss had warned him in the note that he would need a rope to climb and descend from the ground to the cave, and Peeta prepared himself accordingly, running back to his lodging to retrieve the rope and a coat as protection from the thorns and branches. He tied a knot on the tree stump near the base of the opening, and used the rope to descend. Peeta landed warily on the cave, coughing and covering his nose at the moldy stench that seemed to lead to a hidden set of stone stairs. He climbed them and soon found himself in front of a locked door, which he was instructed to knock. Katniss knew that the secret passage that led from her chambers to the cave had not been used in centuries, but Love had revealed this secret to her, allowing her to use it and see what was in front of her. It had taken her days for her small frame to finally push the door open, but when she found the cave, she instantly knew that it was fate. Now, as she unlocked the door for Peeta, she knew that it had all been worth it as she saw his bright blue eyes shine in delight. "My lady!" he exclaimed in relief as he stepped into her chambers and she locked the hidden door behind him. "Call me Katniss," she insisted as he approached her and wrapped his arms around her, having wanting to that for a while now, but afraid that others might see. He then remembered this and released her, "But where are your maids?" he asked in a panic, wondering if someone would walk in on them. "I sent them away with the excuse that I would be taking a siesta," Katniss replied complacently, "and I locked all the doors as well so that they would not disturb us," she added as his face lit up. "They agreed to not tell anyone if they heard anything." He chuckled and lifted her chin with his forefinger, "You, Katniss, are the most extraordinary woman I've ever met," he said this so genuinely that Katniss was at a loss for words, and she opted to kiss him in lieu of a verbal response. He took her in his arms instantly, leading her towards the bed as they deepened their kiss. His tongue brushed her lips, and she allowed him to part them open so that he could enter her mouth as he gently laid her down on the bed. Their tongues danced and swerved together as his hands roamed the bodice of her dress and she clutched his neck. She sighed against his lips as she felt the soft covers beneath her back. His mouth made its way slowly down to her neck, his tongue nibbling on her earlobe as he continued his route. She pressed him closer as she ran her hands down his strong, muscular arms. He pulled back to look into her eyes, his large pupils had turned dark with lust, his lips wet from their kisses. She then began to unbutton his coat and shirt beneath it, and he helped her until his chest was bare before her. She gulped as her fingertips traced the firm contours of his muscles, and he closed his eyes, losing himself in the sensation before leaning in to kiss her again, this time more insistently. The taste of his kisses was intoxicating; she hadn't been with a man in so long. They didn't speak, but rather silently agreed that they both wanted this, and after a few minutes of tugging and unbuttoning clothing and slipping off shoes, they were both undressed on the bed. Her eyes enlarged with desire as she took in the sight of his considerable manhood, and a hint of a smile played on his knowing lips. Her heartbeat sped up as his large, rough baker's hands delicately cupped her breasts, kneading them and making circular patterns on her erect nipples with the pads of his thumbs. She leaned her head back and gasped; no man had ever been so attentive with her. In return, she reached down, sitting up as she grasped his length in her small hands, and he moaned in response. She was fixated by his expressions, they aroused her even more as he gritted his teeth for a few seconds before his mouth fell open again, releasing animalistic throats from his throat. She stroked him steadily as he continued to explore her body, one of his hands descending down to cover the place between her legs, rubbing in synchronicity with her hands. She began to thrust her hips towards his hand until he obliged to slip two of his fingers inside her at the same time that his lips enveloped the nipple that his thumb wasn't circulating. She couldn't help but cry out in ecstasy. He continued his game as she continued hers, feeling each silky ridge on him as his fingers arched to meet her clit, thrusting in and out and making her cry louder and louder each time as his teeth lightly grazed each one of her nipples. Suddenly, she felt him tense at the same time that her walls tightened around his thick fingers, and a gust of white liquid erupted from his tip, drenching her hands and stomach. Her release had also seeped into him, and he took out his fingers and placed them into his mouth, sucking on them as he tasted her with leisure. "You taste exquisite," he murmured mischievously. She licked her lips nervously as she studied her lover. Then, she gingerly brought up her hand, licking the top of it, which was covered with his milky seed. It was curiously salty, but she decided that it could be worse. He groaned as he watched her taste him, then attacked her lips once more, their distinct tastes mixing into their mouths, his chest pressed into hers. He then picked up one of his clothing articles from the floor and used it to wipe the mess that they had made on the bed. She looked down at him and noticed that he was already hardening again, so she took advantage of this and wrapped her legs around his waist, feeling his hardness against her midsection. They both gasped as their oversensitive areas ignited when they made direct contact. She began to rub up and down on him, trying to stimulate her clit as he kissed her and cupped her rear with his warm hands, pressing them even closer together. They continued their frottage, her juices accelerating their speed as she glided smoothly on him. Soon, he was fully erect again and she was ready to take him in. "Make me yours," she hissed into his ear. He growled like a lion as he laid her back down, hovering over her as he took his erection and placed the tip into her opening. She spread her legs wider in response, and he pushed himself in slowly and steadily, allowing her to adjust