Sixteen candles flickered brightly in front of me as he pushed the cake towards me. I gulped. Night had fallen, and I could barely make out his midnight blue eyes in the candlelight. But I could tell that they were darkened with lust. His voice was low and husky. "Make a wish, Sweetheart." I took a deep breath. I want to be yours, I thought, and then I blew out the candles, leaving us in near darkness. I heard the scraping of a chair as he stood up and his heavy footsteps behind me. And then suddenly, I felt his moist lips on my neck, his rough palms on my breasts. I shivered. "Peeta," I whimpered. "Did you wish for this, Sweetheart?" he asked as he trailed his arm down towards my navel, stopping just above my waist, where I wanted him. I nodded, and then remembered that he couldn't see me. "Y-yes," I stuttered. His hot tongue trailed a wet path along the shell of my ear. "Well then you're in the right place," he said, and I jumped when I felt his warm breath in my ear. He let go of me and turned on the light. I blinked rapidly, rubbing my eyes as I tried to adjust to the fluorescent kitchen lights. "It's time to cut the cake," he smirked when I looked up at him in confusion. It was then that I took a full minute to appreciate what he had done for me. The cake was absolutely mouthwatering. He had made my favorite- black forest cake with whipped cream and strawberries on top. "How did you know this was my favorite?" I asked him in confusion as he took out a knife and began slicing it. "I've been watching you," he said simply, as if that wasn't creepy at all. He took a huge slice and placed it on a plate with a fork, passing it over to me. "Have you read your birthday card yet?" he asked. I nodded rapidly as I stuffed my mouth in delight, picking up the dark green envelope with Katniss written neatly on the front. I hadn't actually read it yet. I opened it and took out the card and frowned. It was an erotic picture of a man's arm tugging on a woman's braid, but you could only see her bare back and transparent black panties as he cupped her ass, pinching the space between her legs. The hand that was tugging on her braid wore a black spiked bracelet on its wrists; I quickly looked up and noticed that Peeta was wearing one just like it. The fact that my braid was also identical to the one on the picture did not escape me either. Peeta smiled darkly. I sighed without comment as I opened the card. The words " You're mine" were already written on it, and Happy 16 th Birthday, Sweetheart was written below that in Peeta's seductive handwriting. I wasn't even sure what the original point of the card was, but whatever. "What do you think?" Peeta asked after a moment, and his wolfish grin did not hide anything. I pursed my lips, suddenly not feeling so hungry anymore. "I'm a virgin," I blurted out before I could help myself. He chuckled. "Not for long," he assured me. He then raised a blonde eyebrow. "Or is that not why you came?" he asked. I bit my lip. I was afraid, that was a given. But I was also curious, and more importantly, I was turned on. No one could deny the fact that Peeta Mellark was the best lay in town, or the most handsome man in the area, and the heat gathering between my legs was proof of that. Madge Undersee had told me that when she had lost her virginity to him, he had called her Baby. Delly Cartwright had been called Honey. And now he was calling me Sweetheart, even though I wasn't particularly fond of the nickname. But I didn't tell him that because I knew it was against his rules to protest the nickname. He acted like it was an imperative rule to the whole process, like it was sacred to him. He was a womanizer, and part-time Dom. Except that most of the girls who sought him were clueless virgins like me, so he prepared us first. Only I wasn't interested in that kind of lifestyle, I just wanted him. In fact, I was pretty sure that most of the girls who had lost their virginity to him just wanted to get laid, but he didn't mind that as long as we obeyed him. It was either follow his rules or call it off. And I would do anything he told me to do in the dark, if only I knew how. "I'm scared," I finally admitted, blushing. "Hey," he said as he took my chin between his callused fingertips so that I could look into his blue orbs. "You're my favorite one, Sweetheart," he told me. I smiled. "Really?" I asked hopefully. He grinned, revealing a set of perfect white teeth, and I couldn't decide if he looked more like a handsome prince or the Big Bad Wolf. "Of course. I don't bake delicious cakes or buy birthday cards for just anybody, you know. Plus, we're next-door neighbors. We go way back," he winked. "You're too old to be so shy." I breathed a sigh of relief. He was right, of course; we did go way back. Even though Peeta was five years older than me and a college graduate, I had known him all of my life. I trusted him. He had always been kind to me, and in the end, I was the one who had ended up at his door. I was tired of seeing other girls standing on his doorstep, of the jealous pang in my stomach I got every time I saw him kiss one of those girls. Peeta Mellark may not be mine, but I wanted to be his. "Okay, let's do this," I said, feeling braver. He smiled. "Are you done with your cake?" he asked. I nodded, and he led me into his bedroom. He closed the door firmly behind him as I looked around his room in the dim light. He had candles lit in every corner. I wondered if he had done this all for me. The king-sized bed took up most of the space, and across from it was a dresser, and beside that was another door that was probably his closet. Paintings covered the walls, but I couldn't tell what they were of. Two night stands with more candles flanked at each side of the bed. That was it. Peeta Mellark was extremely tidy for a guy his age. Then again, his dirty underwear could be stashed beneath the bed for all I knew. He stood behind me then, just like he had done earlier, breathing down my neck as his fingertips trailed down my naked arms. His hands reached the hem of my green dress as he kissed my neck, and he slowly pulled it over my head. Now I stood in only my dark lace bra and panties and my matching black fuck-me heels. "You're so lovely," he murmured as he released the clasp of my brassiere in one practiced movement. I gasped when it fell from my arms and he cupped my bare breasts, kneading them and pinching my sensitive nipples. I threw my head back to rest on his shoulder as his greedy mouth latched to my neck, his hips grinding into my ass. I could feel his hardness behind me as he suckled and nipped a path from beneath my earlobe to the curve of my shoulder. My sensations were on overdrive, and I reached one arm behind me to curl my fingers into his soft blonde hair. "Look in the mirror," he commanded, and I turned towards the mirror above the dresser as he staggered us forward to stand in front of it. My gray eyes were wide and wild as he yanked on my long dark braid. "This is our little secret," he whispered, and he slid his large hand beneath my black panties to cover my crotch. My breaths came out hitched as he slid a finger into my folds. He rubbed my clit slowly as his pink tongue lapped at my neck, and it suddenly came upon me that he had yet to kiss my mouth. I wondered if that was against his rules too. But I didn't get the chance to shape this thought into words, as suddenly my eyes were rolling back when he began circling my clit faster, the burning and the unexpected hunger consuming me. I ground my pelvis against his hand as he slipped in another digit, this one darting into my entrance. I bit back a moan. This was more painful; I had never fingered myself. My gasps filled the silence as a tight wire coiled in my belly, his opposite hand pinching and pulling my taut nipples. "Peeta." I breathed as the sharp points on his bracelet scratched my skin. "Yes, Sweetheart?" He circled my clit faster and faster, using his fingers to spread my wetness around it. "Please," I cried as I reached behind me to grasp his still-clothed, hard cock. "Please what?" he asked, but it was too late; the hot wire in me uncoiled as I lost sense of everything, finally relieved from the fire that had been burning me. He kept fingering me until I became too sensitive, and then he let go of me so that he could pull back the covers on his bed, laying me back on it as he hovered over me, still fully dressed. "Undress me," he said. So I did. He helped me as I awkwardly unbuttoned his long-sleeve dress shirt and unbuckled the belt on his slacks. We had both dressed up for the occasion without actually prearranging to it. We tossed his clothes on the floor beside mine as he kicked off his shoes and pulled off his socks. I was still wearing heels and panties, and he was still wearing his black cotton boxers. "Should I take off my shoes?" I asked quietly. He shook his head. "No. Leave them on. I like them." And then he pulled off my panties, his mouth hovering over my thighs as he did so. I could feel the cut ridges of his thumbs over the goose bumps on my olive skin. He licked his lips as he took a good look at me. "I'm going to ravage you, Sweetheart," he told me, and I nodded numbly. He began by splaying my legs open for display, brushing slowly up and down my thighs with his hands. He settled in between my legs, staring right into my core, as if in deep contemplation, and I inevitably began to feel self-conscious. "What's wrong?" I asked, my voice trembling. He shook his head. "Nothing. You're exquisite." And with that, he peppered kisses all along the inside of my legs, taking his sweet time with each side until he reached my center. I grasped the sheets into my fists in eager anticipation. I couldn't take it any longer; I wanted him now. My eyes squeezed shut under their own accord and my mouth fell open when I felt the first wet stroke of his tongue over my folds. " Oh," I gasped as my brain struggled to process this new sensation. I pulled on the loose curls on his head as he ran his tongue slowly, torturously, over me. He teased and flicked, nibbled and licked. My back arched up as I cried out. The sounds and whimpers I was making were hardly human as I panted his name in between strokes. "Fuck, fuck, fuck, Peeta," I chanted. The heat of his tongue was only teasing the fire that was consuming me again. I