A/N: Simple little Drabble for you while I work on my big mystery story (which is my main as of current) that you will not find out about for awhile- yes, I'm evil, and yes, I love you all still. Cheers! Fancying Evans- Short Drabble First Year: Red hair was falling into her green eyes as she bent down over a piece of parchment, there was a slight crease between her brows, and her bottom lip was caught between her teeth. James Potter noticed these things with interest, not that he really cared about Evans, but he was bored and she happened to be the first thing to catch his eye. It wasn't the first time he'd been caught staring at her over the year. There was something about her he couldn't describe. Though it seemed cliche Lily Evans really was not like most birds her age. She was much more focused on her studies than the newest hit single by some Merlin-awful witch band (though James certainly wasn't to talk as he liked aforementioned song- even if he wouldn't admit it) and she was friends with a Slytherin . On second thought, only two things did not make her so different from other girls but James wasn't particularly observant when it came to witches- at least not yet- and these two things stuck out to the young lad. The lip was released from her teeth and her mouth fell slightly open. James shook his head and his hair went flying. No, he was being a bloody idiot. He had better things to do than stare at Lily Evans. As if on cue, she looked up. Her eyes passed over his face but didn't linger, instead they fell on the portrait hole and she stood up, taking her textbook and parchment scroll with her. James stared after her once more, his work forgotten. She went through the portrait hole and a moment later came back through. However, he didn't miss the flash of a solemn face and long greasy hair that appeared right before the portrait swung close. Lily seemed to have forgotten something- it was a quill- and just as she turned to exit once more through the common room, James got up to go talk to her. "Oi! Where are you going, James?" Sirius Black called after him, shaking shiny raven colored hair from grey eyes. James winked at him over his shoulder. "Nowhere mate, I'll be back," and he sauntered over to a Miss. Lily Evans who regarded him as if he was an irritating fly that wouldn't buzz off. "Hullo Evans," he said with a certain cheek to his voice that made Lily hold in an eye roll. "Yes, Potter?" her voice made it clear she was not in the mood for a lengthy discussion. "Where ya goin'?" he made it sound casual, shoving his hands in his pockets. "What's it to you?" she asked in a civil tone that did not hide her suspicion of him. "Oh, it's everything to me," James told her with sincerity written over his face rather convincingly, "my deepest desire is to know where you are and who you are with at every moment of the day, every hour of the day-" "Oh shove off, Potter," Lily hid her red cheeks from him and determinedly moved past him. Even though they were the same height (this was before the James Potter growth spurt of fifth year), he was agile and smooth from years of sneaking off to fly on his dad's old brooms and she was- well, Lily Evans had always been a bit of a clutz. "And if I don't want to?" he raised an eyebrow at her cockily and this time she didn't restrain herself. Her green eyes rolled so hard into her head James was almost sure she had passed out before they focused once more on him again. "Since when have I cared what you wanted, Potter," she gazed at him suddenly curious, "and anyway what's your obsession with me anyways?" at this accusation James Potter scoffed, hazel eyes mocking behind rectangular glasses. "Obsession? With you? Don't flatter yourself, Evans, I was only really checking your loyalty," as he had suspected this caused Lily's attention to turn from the portrait hole to him once more. "What do you mean my loyalty?" her voice was dangerous but James Potter paid no mind, he never really did. He carried a pompous expression and held his thin little body with dignity. "Your Gryffindor loyalty. If you were really a Gryffindor you wouldn't go sneaking around with a Slytherin all the time," those ever amused eyes now had a certain glint to them that Lily didn't like. Besides that, she really did not like what he was insinuating. "I'm not sneaking anywhere, Potter ," her tone was cool and clipped, "besides, it's not as if I've ever given a thought to you and your twisted views of loyalty. It was never up to you anyways to decide who I was friends with. Besides, it's not like houses mean much I now see. Severus, a Slytherin , is two times the bloke you, a Gryffindor, will ever be," with that she spun on her heel leaving James seething. How dare she? He could not believe this infuriating, know-it-all said he was worse than a Slytherin. Snivellus of all people, too. "Whatever, Evans," he called angrily after her, his voice low with rage, "it's not my fault you're so insufferable that only a greasy Slytherin would be your boyfriend!" Lily stiffened, for the slightest of seconds, before climbing hurriedly out of the portrait hole. It was only the smallest of hesitations but it was enough for James to know he'd at least touched a nerve. "James! Over here, mate, I've got us a game of Exploding Snap," Sirius Black yelled out louder than he needed with a large grin upon his handsome boyish face. James nodded, clearing his head of the witch and joining his friends. It was true that he did not dwell on Lily Evans much more than that, after all, as an eleven year old boy girls hardly stayed too long on his mind. Still, he could not shake the uneasy feeling he had in the pit of his stomach- the feeling that carried the knowledge he'd been an absolute prat. And she didn't deserve a bit of it. Third year: It was a quiet day at Hogwarts and James Potter was quite bored. Patricia Hopkins, a good looking Ravenclaw, caught his eye as they walked through the corridors and James smirked at her which elicited a small smile of hers in return. "Don't get any ideas, Potter," Sirius groaned, tugging at his friend's arm, "we've got Double Potions." "Never fancied you as the responsible one," James looked at his friend in disgust and Sirius simply sighed. "Well, Moony isn't around today, you know as well as I do about his-" "-furry little problem, yes," James nodded as if Sirius was slow and Sirius seemed to be frustrated with this, obviously waiting for James to catch on. In the end, it was their short little friend with the mousy features and admiring blue eyes who did. "So that makes you the responsible one?" Peter Pettigrew piped up from his spot beside Sirius who looked down at him rather irritated. "Yes, it does, Pete," he paused and scrutinized him more closely, "you got a problem with that?" "Not at all," Peter squeaked, turning a bit pink which caused James to chortle. "Don't worry, Sirius' just mad 'cause Holly Bones of Hufflepuff turned him down for a snog last night," James turned an amused eye on Sirius who scowled. "She didn't turn me down ," Sirius kicked at the ground with an old sneaker that had holes in several places, "after all-" "-no one turns Sirius Black down," James finished it for him with a cocky smile, nudging his friend's side. "Ah, put a sock in it, you don't know what you're on about," though even Sirius smiled a little bit at his friend, "and like I said she didn't turn me down. She just -er-" "Responded to your attempted snog with a slap instead? Rookie move, Black, your skills are severely lacking and honestly quite disappointing," James clucked his tongue reprovingly and Sirius gave him a black look. "I swear, James, if you're following me around under that bloody cloak of yours…" "Me? Follow you around? You flatter yourself," James rolled his eyes at his friends while remaining an innocent face- though he could not hide his grin, "besides, didn't you bless that same cloak just the other night when we snuck down to the kitchens?" "Right, right. You can shut it now, James," they entered the Potions classroom and sat next to each other, Peter listening eagerly to their conversation on the other side of James. James, however, was not paying much attention to Sirius anymore for his eyes had found a rather vivacious Lily Evans. James Potter was no longer an eleven year old boy, he'd finally discovered the wonderful and complex company of his female counterparts. Albeit he'd caught on a bit later than his best mate, but that had never meant he was oblivious to witches. Certainly not now when Miss. Lily Evans had become so fit. "Afternoon!" came the booming voice of Professor Slughorn from the back of the classroom as he entered. The jolly old man's stomach was first seen, the clasp on his robes was under quite a bit of strain from the protruding bit of his body, and next was his smiling face with those rosy cheeks and bright eyes. "Ah, Evans and Snape," he nodded at them as he passed and James rolled his eyes as Lily beamed with pride. Just because he had noticed her budding into a young woman didn't mean he found her blatant eagerness any more bearable. And Snape would always be a the greasy little Snivellus to him, even the pretty Lily Evans couldn't change that. Still, James let his gaze rove over Lily once more, she was gorgeous. He wouldn't mind setting old prejudices aside to ask her out. He might even be able to convince her to drop the slimy prat she was currently partners with. With a sudden jolt he realized that a Hogsmeade weekend was approaching. It would be perfect. Lily Evans and James Potter, the rivals as a couple. He would say he'd finally charmed her and she of course would sigh adoringly and agree because he'd never known anything different from birds. He was a marauder, and a good looking one at that, why should he have had anything different? "James," hissed a very annoyed Sirius, "we've got to work on the potion, you twat," James snapped out of his reverie and opened his textbook warily. Several times, Sirius had to stop James from going too fast or for being spaced out. "Have you gone mad?" Sirius asked angrily and James retorted lazily. Finally the potion was complete, even if it was at the expense of Sirius' nerves and James' concentration. The former wore a murderous expression on his face and while the latter retained one of stone. When Slughorn went to observe their potion he nervously looked at both of them and then into their cauldron. "Good, boys," he tried for chipper but it bounced off of them without impact. In all reality, their potion was mediocre at best but Professor Slughorn had never been one for confrontation and certainly did not want to get into it with one of the surly looking wizards. He quickly moved on, his face a bit red, and he marked their potion off on his sheet. Lily was not pleased. The potion they were making was supposed to be a bright teal, not sky blue. Severus and Lily's was a bright teal. Sure, they'd been praised splendidly for it by Professor Slughorn as