"Katniss!" I freeze as I hear my name being whispered through the air coming from my left, my head turning quickly to see a blond haired boy slinking towards me, knife in hand. "Bryony. You know better then to follow me. You could've been seen and-" "Don't be so dramatic. You know I wouldn't have come if I thought I was seen. And come on, it's not like anybody cares. They all buy your meat anyways." He holds the knife out to me and I can't help but smile. I pin him in a headlock and ruffle his hair. "Thanks little duck." Without him bringing the knife, I wouldn't have been able to skin my kills and bring them back to town. He pouts a bit and smooths his hair back down after he's shooed me away. "I'm seventeen, Katniss! I'm not little and I'm not a duck!" he protests. I look him over, his hair blond as a baby duck's just like it's always been. His light blue eyes striking but calm as well. Most of us from the Seam have dark hair, olive skin, and grey eyes. But Bryony has never been the same. Bryony is the sweetest person alive and so mature for his age. Always trying to help people, he's definitely more of a lover then a fighter. "I know you're not little, Bry. But you'll always be my little duck." I have to remind him every once and a while and, like always, he lets it slide. "Tell Mom I'll be back in a few hours." Bryony smiles and seems to perk up. "Maybe she will get out of bed today before the Reaping!" A piece of my heart seems to fall off and keep aching for him as I sigh and blink my own grey, normal eyes at him. "Maybe..." I don't have it in my heart to hurt him anymore then our mom already has. To shake him and tell him that Mom hasn't been out of the house in over a year. To explain to good-hearted, giving, loving Bry that Mom might never snap out of it, especially if it's been this long. "Be back soon, Bry. Make sure you try to sell Lady's milk alright? Try Greasy Sae." I have been hinting to the older woman who cooks in the Hob that Lady's milk has been very rich for the past few days and she seemed interested enough. That was how it was here. District 12. Where you can starve to death in safety. Unless you raise animals, have something to trade, or have enough money to buy it, you aren't going to find much meat in District 12. Only other way is to get to the other side of an electric fence and find some meat yourself. They say the fences are for our safety from the wild animals. Almost believable. Deep in everybody's mind though, we all know what the fence is here for; it's to keep people in, not out. It's a simple place here in District 12. We have four parts that really make up our district. The Seam is a simple place, it's the poorest part of District 12 and the coal miners live here. It's not a very exciting place, but it's home. You're lucky if you have enough to feed one person, let alone a family of four. The Merchants, people who live above their stores, are a step up from Seam residents. The mayor and his family live there, and the Justice Building where the Reaping is held every year for The Hunger Games is around the same area. Then there is the Victor Village where District Twelve victors get to live. We don't even have one since the one and only Victor we had died a few years ago. The last place is The Hob, our black market. Traders go there, as well as anyone who is selling something illegal. The Peacekeepers have been known to get some food from Greasy Sae so it's safe to say they know. We might not have a lot of food or resources, but at least our Peacekeepers are civil, even decent usually. I learned a long time ago that to make it in District Twelve, you have to bend the rules more then a little. Before my dad was killed in the mines, he taught me about nature, hunting, and how to use a bow and arrow. It was the smartest thing my dad ever did. If it weren't for him, all of my family would have starved to death a year ago. I take a deep breath and turn my back towards the trees, looking out at the town. It is all I have ever known... and yet, I feel something is missing from my life. That I have yet to make my dad as proud as I can. I turn around again and head into the trees, stringing my bow and waiting for my time to strike. I close my eyes and listen to the forest, my breathing calm and silent. I raise my bow slowly towards the sound of a chattering squirrel and let my knuckles lay near my mouth. Deep breath and, release. The arrow goes straight through the squirrel's eye and I smile. Thoughts of the Reaping have been in my mind and I wasn't sure I would be able to concentrate. Bry still has one motr year until he is safe from being Reaped. I aged out almost four years ago. Everything would be fine, though. Bryony wouldn't be Reaped and we would have a nice feast of squirrel tonight. If only life were so simple. I skin and bring back four squirrels and five birds, a pretty good catch for three hours. I would stay longer but the Reaping is about to start. And everybody is ordered to attend, eligible or not. I decide I will have to trade the game after the Reaping, there just won't be enough time to get cleaned up and sell the animals. I throw them near the back door and step through the doorway, watching sadly as Bryonly paces back and forth. And then of course, he asks me the same thing he has asked for the past five years. "Katniss... what if this year I'm the one they pick?" I blink before sighing and walking to him, pushing a hand through his growing hair. "You won't be picked, Bry. You only have your name in there five times. It won't happen. Mine was in there at least forty by the time I was too old and I never got picked." I try to sound soothing but I have to admit, I'm on edge every year at this time. I won't feel right until Bryony is safe and sound. One more year and we can finally breath right. I ruffle his hair and walk around him, determined to relax as I take a sponge bath and try to keep positive. The thoughts that pass through my mind are anything but positive. I just keep thinking how I can't volunteer for him now that I'm of age. This isn't Two, nobody here will volunteer for my baby brother. And as much as I love my brother and hope he would find a way to pull through, I know the truth. He is not a fighter, he would die in the end. I am trying to think of some way to save him just in case he does get picked when Bry comes in, Mom in tow. "Are you ready Katniss?" I just nod and walk behind them both, still trying to come up with some way to save the only person I have left in this world. Calm down, Katniss. You might not have to save anybody. You are only making it harder on yourself by thinking he will be chosen. But, something is different, wrong even. There are no Peacekeepers taking people's blood and making sure everyone is accounted for. Everybody is getting ushered to the space in front of the Justice Building, in front of the stage where a pink haired lady stands, a smile on her face the size of Panem. "Hello, hello! I'm Effie Trinket! As you all know, today usually marks the day of the Reapings for the beginning of the games! We are sad to inform you that the Hunger Games are hereby cancelled for the year." I hear Bryony make a sound of relief but I know better then to feel joy. The only way they would cancel their precious games is if there was something really wrong. "Seargent Seneca Crane is here to pass on a message from President Snow himself." I feel myself trying to push my way through the crowd, trying to get a little closer. "District Twelve, I am here to tell you that the rebels have started planning to invade all of Panem. It is our duty as citizens to fight for our country. Effective immediately, a man from every household in every Disctrict will be picked up tomorrow by hovercraft to fight in the war. No exceptions. I will call your last name and a man of the house must come and take a summons-" "But my oldest son is only seventeen! The only other man in our household is six... surely you won't ask a child to fight?" A lady calls from the crowd and I know without looking it's our neighbor, more then likely clinging to her son that is Bry's age. "You need to learn to hold your tongue while talking to your superiors! Of course we won't have children fight. The cut off has been decided by President Snow, age seventeen and older will fight. He should feel honored to be representing your District and will join the others." I can feel my heart stop in my chest as I realize Bryony is being called to war at age seventeen. "The Ashton family!" The man has started calling out names and I am still trying to keep myself from having a heart attack. I hear a sob come from Bryony and take a grip of his arm, making him look me in the eyes. "Bry. Bryony." I whisper in a serious tone, making sure he is staring at me and I have his attention. "We're going to figure out something, Bry. I won't let them take you. Let me know when they are at the E's and make sure you're paying attention to me as well." I race through ideas in my mind, wondering what I could possibly do besides sob along with my little brother. What kind of man would make children go to war? I watch the man, Crane, call out names and another man direct the males to a small line where men and boys are waiting to get their pieces of paper damning them to war. "Katniss, they're at E." I must have been thinking for longer then I thought because here we are at E and Bry is on the edge of crying and trying to stay strong. When they call out Evens I look at him seriously. "Do not move. Do not speak. Do not even react. I'm going to go up there and take it and act like my brother is in the Capitol. Shut up, Bryony and listen." I hiss as he tries to speak. "These people don't know our family and they didn't take our blood so we are going to lie. If they ask, you're my neighbor." "Everdeen!" I give him another look before jogging through the people and up to the man standing a few feet behind the Crane man. "You are not a man." I want to say something smart but I hold my tongue. I wasn't planning on knowing the guy in front of me. But I keep my cool and look him in the eyes. "I know, my brother was hurt and