Hello everyone! Welcome to In the Arms of An Angel . This is a romance/supernatural/hurt/comfort/somewhat-angsty story. I cannot really remember where this plot bunny came from, but it's been months in preparation and I finally couldn't handle all the planning, so I started writing as well and here we are. This is pretty different to what I've written before on my sister account on bexie25. I don't know why, but for my first venture into NC I felt the need to completely own the characters—or at least the main ones. ;) So that means a lot of OOC, some canon, and a lot of my own spin on things—and events. Jasper and Bella's backstories, for example, are nearly completely original. Chapter length will vary (hopefully not by too much), and I'll be updating once a week on a Sunday (today) at around the same time, if not on the dot the same. That's mostly because of the time difference between Australia and the U.S.; I want to hit you guys in the afternoon (when I wake up) and not too late at night your time. I want to thank my awesome team—Chandrakanta, my beta, banner maker, manip maker, and my pre-readers, Jennifer, Danielle and Alicia (sorry, I don't know all their FF names!) I also want to thank James Ramsey for her help and wonderful wisdom during the first part of the planning and characterization process (yes, I have two documents, both well over 20 pages at the least for the plan and the background of characters and stuff). A few other things— Go onto my fanfic profile page to access the Facebook group for this story and all other stories under this FF account. There, you'll find teasers—both of the story snippet and pictures kind—discussions, a place to question me and where I might respond to reviews if the question is something I think you all need the info to. You can also find the banner there, too. I don't have the banner up anywhere else but Facebook at this point, sorry. :( Summary: She wanted to fly away. She did—straight into her angel's arms. When two people who fell in love in the 1860s meet again in 2014, what happens? Jasper/Bella. Vamp/Human. Rated M. CHAPTER 1 I taped up the last of the boxes with a smile on my face, breathing a sigh of relief. One step closer , I thought as I crossed my arms and leaned my elbows against the stack in front of me, lacing my fingers together and resting my chin on top. I looked around the room. It was strange, seeing it now—there was no sign of me here. Even the bed only had one pillow, a white sheet, and a non-descript blanket in case I got cold. I went over to the pad of paper and pen I'd left on the desk—one of the few items that would not be coming with me, as Charlie had assured me his old desk would cater fine to my needs—and wrote instructions for Renée to follow. If she did, this all would arrive in about a week. I sticky taped that on top of one of the boxes closest to the door before taking one last scope of the room. With nothing else to do except finish packing and checking my luggage—which I really didn't want to do right now—I lay down on the bed and opened my book to the page I was up to. I tried to read the book in my hands, I really did. But I found myself easily distracted the more exhausted I became. Mr. Rochester simply was not doing it for me tonight. With a sigh, I set the book down on my bedside table, checked the time, and got ready for bed in my sweats and a checkered, long-sleeve shirt. Not quite wanting to sleep yet, I looked around for something to do and a light-bulb moment caused me to remember the hemming I needed to do on my jeans. Renée had tried to do them for me last night after I'd gone to bed and had made an utter mess—but she simply would not listen when I told her not to touch them. I sighed and clenched my fists, closed my eyes, then took a deep breath in and out to calm myself. Only when I felt calm again did I open my eyes and shake my head. I grabbed the pair of jeans and the materials I needed and deftly began work. I had been doing this sort of thing for so many years it had become second nature. I hummed as I quickly completed the task at hand. It was much too quick for my liking, but when I pricked my finger on the last loop with the needle, I knew it was probably time for bed. I finished and tied it off, admired my handy work with a smile, then set them down on the end of the bed for tomorrow. I put my needle and thread away in my kit and put that back in my suitcase. It really was a pity that I was flying to Washington; I'd be able to get so much more done if I was taking the bus or something. I was just settling when my mother came into the room. She sighed dramatically as her blue eyes took in the scarcely decorated room and the hoard of boxes, stacked and leaning against the wall. Her blonde curls bounced as she shook her head before she turned to me. She smiled sadly and came forward to sit on the bed with me. "Are you really sure about this, Bella?" she asked softly, reaching forward with her left hand to comb her fingers through my hair. My relationship with my mother was an odd one. Having been removed from my father's life at six months old and only living with her, we should be close. But the truth was that I saw neither of my parents fulfilling their role. With Renée, I was the caregiver, the guardian. With my father, I was an estranged child. And I knew that when I moved up there, I'd become his caregiver and guardian, too, to a certain extent; he was, after all, just as hopeless in the kitchen as Renée was. Thankfully, he at least was responsible enough to handle the accounts, bills, and day-to-day things. Unlike Renée. Thankfully , he wouldn't rely on me. Yes, I really was quite bitter, wasn't I? Sometimes I wondered how my parents had ever found each other, fallen in love, had me, married and been happy—however short a time they had stayed that way. They were just such an unlikely pair, such an unsuited one. They were complete opposites. From both I was entirely estranged, removed emotionally. To be perfectly honest, moving away from my mother would not affect me as much as it would her. Not nearly as much. Somewhat guiltily, I felt relieved. Plus, I knew my mother had Phil now to make my absence easier. Not that I really felt she'd miss me for much besides my handling the responsibilities that a mother should and normally would fulfill. Remembering Renée's presence, I stopped my lagging train of thought and cleared my throat, nodding. "Yes, I am." "I know you're doing this for me, honey—" "Yes, I am," I said again, sitting up and sighing. "But I'm also doing it for me." She frowned, confused, and I nearly rolled my eyes. Of course; nothing I ever did could ever be for me. "Yes, you are newly married and yes, I want you to be able to travel with your husband without me holding you back," I held my hand up to stop her when she opened her mouth to object, "but I'm also doing it because I want to live with my father before I go off to college. I want to build a relationship with him, and I wouldn't be able to do that by staying here or by continuing to have only a few weeks out of the summer holidays with him." I looked down when I continued. "Re—Mom, when I told him I wanted to move up there, he was so happy," I said softly. I looked up at her again to see her eyes filled with tears as she swallowed and drew in a shaky breath. Guilt flashed across her face before she suppressed it a second later. "He wants me up there, and I want to be up there, too. Please just let me go, because you cannot change my mind." She sighed and stood up, nodding sadly once more. She left the room and I sighed with relief once she was gone and the door was closed. Yes. I would indeed be very relieved once I was gone from here and no longer the one responsible for Renée. I looked down at my hands and at the white prick scar on my finger, one I'd had since before I could remember. Smiling, I remembered a scene from a vivid dream I'd had many years ago. I gulped as I looked down at the trousers in one hand and the needle and thread in my other. Of course, this was not the first time I had repaired trousers and I had to say I was quite accomplished at it, but it would be a first of a different nature. My hands were shaking with nerves, warmth filling me as I remembered the look on my gorgeous husband's face when I had asked him this morning before he left for his family's property if there was anything of his that needed fixing. He'd nodded and went back into our bedroom to get whatever it was, and his handsome face was twisted with nerves when he came back with a pair of trousers in hand. I took them from him and looked them over as he stood over me, watching. I told him I'd have them fixed by the time he came home later that night. It was only once he was gone and I was faced with actually fixing the damn things that I realized this would be the first time I'd do such a thing for him as his wife. And that had me scared shitless. Of course, I pricked my shaking pointer finger and cursed right on the first loop through. But my darling husband made my finger—and other areas of my body—feel all kinds of better later that night as a thank you. I took a shaky breath in and blew it out of my puffing cheeks. They, like the rest of me, were now red and tingly. I shook my head and settled back down, eyeing the jeans on the edge of the bed. Shaking my head, I changed my mind about what I was gonna wear tomorrow and got up to pack them in my bag. Feeling an unusual bout of nerves, I went through my bag one more time. I came across my kits and materials—my sewing kit, my needle and thread kit, and my bag of wool—and checked them thoroughly to make sure I had all my parts. I cussed under my breath again, annoyed that I couldn't bring it on board—both for safety reasons and lack of room. All I could hope was that Mr. Rochester and Jane would keep me entertained for the entirety of the four to five hour flight. I'd purposely read slowly if I had to. With another look around my room, I was disappointed to find that there was nothing else to do but sleep. And that was the last thing I was prepared to do right now. It was hard enough expecting the beautiful dreams and the life I had in those dreams only to wake up later. It was worse because I hated how they'd shaped me so in this life—this reality . To