"They're my friends," he says coldly. She's not listening, not really. Friends from long ago fill the space behind her, and at his pronouncement they stop giggling and begin to file out, leaving her alone, standing in the center of the compartment. Her mouth forms an 'o' as she takes in the sight before her, and for a moment she can't believe that she's here . Yes, it's the right day, but it's the worst possible moment. She leaves without saying a word, and with small nimble fingers – dressed in pink polish and a unicorn that leaps from one fingernail to the next - reaches inside her robes. "It's open," comes his voice from behind the door. She gives the girls – Jane and Irene and... Emily, or was it Elizabeth? Doesn't matter – she gives them a glare, warning them not to titter. She knows it won't stick. "Hi, I'm Romilda," she announces, willing herself not to stare, but also look at the other two people in the compartment. "Do you mind if we join you?" Harry and Longbottom and Lovegood exchange a quick glance, and it's odd to think that she's the odd one out. "Erm, alright." Harry says a moment later. She gives him her best beautiful smile, and hopes he notices her eyes more than her chin, and sends a silent prayer as she sits down next to Harry Potter, the Man-Who-Vanquished. They're all so young! Not that she was old or is old or will be old when she comes here, but... Lovegood sits in the corner reading The Quibbler and Longbottom looks like he's terrified to even say two words, and keeps twisting himself to shield the odd plant he's holding – what he calls a Mimbu-something or other – every time one of the other girls so much as looks in his direction. She can see Harry is getting annoyed with them. And with her, for disturbing his space. She tries to engage him, talk to him – but it's fruitless, and every time she tries he gives her the most short and simple answers he possibly could. He looks relieved when word comes that Professor Slughorn wants to see him. This time, she sends them away before she even knocks, promising she'll catch up with them later. But they're so loud that she's sure he's going to see straight through it when she enters alone. Not that that really matters, but she still feels like she's wasting time, even if that's absurd. "Hi," she says, giving them a small wave and doing her best to look demure and shy. She's thought about it a lot, trying to remember what the Weasley girl was like before she dated Harry. It's not a look that comes easy to her. One hand combs through her hair – it's her best feature, although she knows without false modesty that though her breasts won't ever rival Cecilia Boote's in size they'll hold their own in terms of grabbing a boy's attention, in another year or so. "Do you, um, do you mind if I sit with you?" This time they don't share a private vote on the matter – interesting, though maybe it was only because there were so many people when she brought her friends, and nothing to do with her, personally (she hopes so!). Harry just shrugs and says 'okay', and holding in her scream of victory she sits down meekly beside him, pulling out a copy of Witch Weekly while engaging in a bit of smalltalk as she fumbles for it within her trunk. She ends up keeping that part, doing it time and time again until it feels like she's learning lines for an audition, like she's trying for a leading spot in Professor Flitwick's winter choir. And in a way she is, though the part of Mrs. Potter is worth a bit more than a solo in ' They Came by Thestral One Solstice Clear' ! One time, she makes note not to mock The Quibbler . She forgets Lovegood's father writes it. If she even remembers it in the first place. The compartment empties as they arrive at Hogsmeade, although Harry never really stays after Professor Slughorn summons him – he only comes in for a minute to say a few words, rummages in his trunk and then leaves for the remainder of the trip. His friends don't really talk about it, speaking only in broad terms as they communicate around her. The train is empty now, and from her lips she lets out a scream of utter frustration, and blasts a hole in the carriage upholstery for good measure. She grips her wand, taking a deep breath before taking a moment to think. Perhaps it was silly, to think she could just appear at this moment and with one small change show Harry the truth. She needed something else. Somewhen else. A time when he is not surrounded by jealous people who have already closed ranks around him, stealing him away from everybody else. From her. She smiles – she knows just the time. "Hi, Harry?" she whispers, careful not to disturb Madam Pince. He doesn't look up from the small mountain of books he's arranged, with titles ranging from So You Don't Want to Die! to 1001 Charms to Potions of Anatolia . "Can I help?" she asks, sitting down next to him. He looks at her as if he's never seen her before. Which, she reminds herself, he probably hasn't. Not really. "Romilda Vane, second year." She adds, grabbing for the nearest book in his stack as he's still not talking. "I know you're going to win," she gushes. "You're so brave, entering a –" "Oh for-! I didn't. I didn't do a bloody thing!" "That's not what I –" "Never mind," he waves her attempt to explain and apologize away, but he's standing up now, choosing a handful of books to throw into his bag and it's as clear as the Sleekshine potion she uses every morning that he wants nothing to do with her. "Hi... Harry?" He doesn't look up and Romilda isn't sure why it's different this time, but oddly enough Potions of Anatolia is conspicuous in its absence. "I just wanted to let you know that I know you didn't put your own name in but um... I think you're going to win anyway and I want to help." "I didn-, oh." Harry pauses, looks at her for a moment, and she takes this for a good sign. He looks annoyed for a moment but that quickly changes to wary confusion. Better, but not good – that seems to be a common theme for her, she thinks, suppressing a sigh. "Romilda," she says. And in for the knut, in for the galleon, she curtseys. She'll offer a handshake next time. "Right. Harry Potter. Um... obviously." She giggles at that, and it's out of genuine giddiness, for once. "So, what can I do?" she asks, and gestures towards the books. "Oh... well, I don't know really. I have no idea what I'm up against, so I'm looking for anything at all that could be useful." She nods, wracking her brain for the bits and pieces she remembers from the Triwizard Tournament, being only a second-year spectator at the time. She smiles at Harry, grateful that her thirteen year-old self had the sense to keep a tube of Diedre's Dimples Draught in her dormitory, and that she has the wherewithal to remember it before she comes to the library. "I'll start with this one then," she chirps, picking up 1001 Charms. She sits down next to him, sliding her chair slightly towards him as she does, and opens to the index. She's a second-year, after all – she can't just start throwing out suggestions about summoning charms like she's discussing the latest fashions according to Witch Weekly. Which, she realizes, she's probably not really capable of discussing, in the here and now. She wants to scream. He asks Chang. He always asks Chang. And he always comes in second to Diggory, which makes her think that if she weren't so busy with the mission , she'd be tempted to find some way to save him from You-Know-Who, a sort of 'thank you'. Another weird quirk she can't quite understand, Harry ends up going with Parvati and Weasley goes with Padma, but every now and then it flips and they go the other way round. It doesn't really matter – by the end of the night neither of the twins are on speaking terms with the boys anyway. She might be the oldest in her year. By a lot, if one's counting from her point of view, but even on paper she's thirteen, being born on September second. But she's still a second year – it's not like she can just order Harry to take her! Doesn't stop her from considering it, every time she hears about it the next day, when Weasley and Granger blow up in the common room. "Do you mind if I join you?" He looks at her oddly. "You don't have to ask, you know. You're a friend." He scoots over, inviting her to take a seat. Well, it's progress, at least. She's on unfamiliar ground now: nobody ever really talks about the ins and outs of Harry's secret group, no matter what year it is. She doesn't know what to expect, what dynamics she's to operate. The fact that Ginny Weasley and Cho Chang are both here never makes her any happier. She's invited this time. And she makes a point of sticking up for him when they all meet at the grimy little pub in Hogsmeade. His eyes seek her out when she does. She likes his eyes, and thinks that one day she'll have beautiful children with dark hair but wavy and tidy like hers, and her little nose. And her hands, she adds, looking down at them, palms down nails up. But definitely his eyes. Of course, she knows what's going to happen, or what might happen, when what might happen... but she isn't privy to the details. The wait is agonizing. And the more she sees the more she's confused. Chang just looks... weepy. All the time. But yet, every time, she eavesdrops, and every time, it's the same old story. It's masochistic is what it is. "Brilliant! Well mate, how was it?" "Wet." In the end though, she decides that she can work with that. It certainly beats what happens at the end of next year. But – hopefully – never will. She hasn't done anything about Diggory yet, but after how brilliantly Granger wrecks things for Chang – even if it is an accident – she promises to do something nice for her as well. It's so perfectly and plausibly done she considers for a moment that Granger might be a time traveler herself. In which case, she won't. "There you are!" Harry says, waving her in as she opens the compartment door. "Nev's just showing me his um, sorry Nev, I forget the name." He gives Longbottom a self-depreciating grin as he gets up to help Romilda with her trunk. Weasley runs straight into Harry, and he snogs her senseless, right there in the common room. She could spit dungbombs. It's funny to think that she could run out of time, but she has, only in the wrong direction. After first year – his third – what's left? It's not like Harry's going to realize how perfect they are together while he's at Hogwarts and she's living with her mum and dad outside of Bath, still waiting for her Hogwarts' owl! This is almost it, and she spends days – full days – doing nothing but making sure she's in the right place. Then she goes all the way to the third week of term to make sure her alibi isn't just perfect,