Author's Note: This piece is not so much a work of Harry Potter fanfiction as it is an Ell Roche fanfiction. I wrote it entirely as a mental exercise, attempting to imitate her style and language and world-building. I found the result satisfactory. This sort of story is not for everyone – Ell's work takes the magic, world, and cast of Harry Potter and inserts it into a fantastical combination of Downton Abbey, Jane Austin, and the world of Faerie Tales. They are the sort of stories I imagine are canon in the sense that we would find them on the bookshelves of Daphne Greengrass or Susan Bones. Her storytelling is so inherently magical in a way that transcends 99% of the fandom, myself included. If you do find this story to your liking and you have not read Ell's works, then I highly recommend you do so. She is currently going by the penname Ellory on this site. Thank you. Please enjoy. The Wand Chooses The Wizard, The Wizard Chooses The Witch Lady Astoria Greengrass looked into the mirror once more, making sure the back of her robes were properly smoothed and did not bunch nor snag, and that her hair was held high upon her head, each and every strand held perfectly in place by an assortment of charms that she had known by rote long before she boarded the Hogwarts Express for the first time. It was a shame in a way that she could not 'look her best', with toffee-coloured curls cascading down her nape and pooling in ringlets down beyond her shoulders. Of course, that was a look she would keep confined to herself within the confines of her family home until she would one day share it with her husband, a pleasure for his eyes alone. She was hardly some slattern who would forsake such a gift due one day to her betrothed for an advantage of seduction . Yes, her hair was fine, well-coiffed and bounded tight with a ribbon of turquoise. "That will do," she spoke to the mirror after one final run through of her brush, one stray spiral bouncing back into place when she was finished. Her reflection turned around, facing her once more. "You look lovely, dear," the mirror offered with motherly affection. "Thank you," Astoria replied, not one to allow manners to slide simply because one's supporter was naught but an enchantment. She ignored the titters coming from Louise and Beth, two muggleborns who oft giggled at what they called her eccentricities , as if etiquette were something that belonged safely ensconced in a locked truck or as an exhibit in the traveling show. Instead she kept her eyes on her reflection-self, which offered her a shallow nod of affirmation. Today of all days, Astoria felt that she could use all the comfort that she might receive from whatever the source, for today she dared much, and even the House of Ravenclaw – though hardly Slytherin in its expectations of what was proper for a well-bred pureblood witch – was likely to take her actions today poorly, should all go awry. Taking a deep breath, Astoria walked away from the bronze-plated Cheval glass and returned to her bed, drawing the canopy open and retrieving her wand: eight and a quarter inches, holly, unicorn hair, once belonging to her great-grandmother and her mother's gift to her on her tenth birthday, when she had spoken her Witch's Oath on Morgana's name. It was a delicate wand, almost fragile in appearance; a perfectly smooth cord of wood absent a single knot or warping and so pale it was almost white, with strings of faint silver runes that ran up its length in two intertwining lines, offering supplications to Magic Itself to protect and provide for the wand's caster, and declarations that the wand would never be used to desecrate the gifts it had been blessed with. The wand had been hewn from a three-year aged branch of the oldest holly at Fengrene, the Greengrass ancestral home, and harvested on the eve of the winter solstice. Her great-grandfather had not fletched the wand himself when he commissioned the wand as the centerpiece of Lady Astoria Carrow's dowry, but he had ensured the work of one who knew his craft well, and understood the value of being granted the wood of a tree so deeply rooted to the Greengrass line. She knew – though she would never speak of it – that some of the more uncouth boys would see a wand as small as hers as a sign of weakness. This was folly of course, and though Astoria knew in truth that a wands physical presence had no impact on its capabilities nor the strength of Magic's blessing upon the witch in question, she liked to think that her wand – petite, delicate, and more than capable – fit her like a properly ordered Yule gown from Twillfit & Tattings . And as the second daughter of her house, she was grateful that her beloved mother and father had entrusted her with such a treasured heirloom; now forever part of her own inheritance, to one day be passed down to a daughter of her own. One mayhap with toffee hair that fell in ringlets and bright, piercing, emerald eyes. Tempus . A quarter past four. Naught to be done for it, the hour was upon her. Where on earth is she going tarted up like that? Who even dresses like that anymore, anyway? She ignored them, careful to not even give them the satisfaction of allowing a sneer to mar her face, or some cutting vernacular to cross her tongue. If anything, she supposed – though she admittedly could not bring herself to do so – they deserved her pity, not her scorn. Stowing her wand carefully upon her person she turned around and walked out of the dormitory, leaving behind cruel whispers and then continued through the Ravenclaw common room that was thankfully vacant save for three first-years playing exploding snap in front of the fire who took no notice of her; and began to make her way down the tower and through the Halls of Hogwarts towards the quidditch pitch, where she knew the Gryffindor team should be finishing their afternoon practice as the October evening rushed to extinguish the late afternoon light. It was a credit to her mother's lessons and her own ability to learn them that she maintained a measured, graceful pace, and did not simply stomp through the castle like she were Granger charging towards the library five minutes before it were to close. The warmth of the dying sun did little against the biting autumn breeze, and Astoria shivered until she remembered to cast a warming charm, silently chastising herself for not having the wits to do so before stepping outside. It would do no good to test the boundaries of propriety as she had girded herself to do if she went about it with the brains of a half-addled house elf! She could see it now, the quidditch pitch, rising above the treeline and into view now that she had rounded The Wailing Turret. Her heart pattered faster, and then she saw him - little more than a tiny outline silhouetted in a deep red sky, but she had watched him long enough, seen him sit high upon that broom as if he were the Cloud Mage from her childhood tales, overseeing his domain, to know his posture and profile by heart. Lord Harry Potter. Quietly she entered the arena, taking a seat on one of the long benches and looking up at the sky, where the Gryffindor team zigged and zagged, the three chasers weaving as one towards the goals while one of the beaters tried to disrupt them, the other concentrated his efforts attempting to debroom Har- no, she reminded herself. They had not, had never been properly introduced. She could not afford to forget. Where he tried to debroom Lord Potter. For a moment soon after, her breath caught... but undoubtedly he had not been looking at her at all, but simply trying to find the elusive snitch. Even if he had seen her, she thought with a sigh, dusk was fast approaching and he would likely assume she was his longtime companion Hermione Granger, if he even thought of it at all. "Right, that's enough for tonight," Lord Potter's voice broke through the crisp air, and the players rapidly descended, clearly eager to depart for the warmth of their house common room, where no doubt the elves would have already prepared fresh clothes and hot, sweet drinks of amberwine or mulled pumpkin cider. She took a breath – it was now or never – and she stood up, wand firmly in hand, and whispered a single incantation. A flurry of pink and orange sparks flew lazily from her wand, shooting up a good twenty feet before fading into nothingness. Seven brooms and their riders turned and flew towards her. "Oi! It's a 'claw," a dark haired boy holding one of the beater's bats exclaimed, pointing at her like she were on display at the Coventry Menagerie, a rare dancing diricawl or dolled up kneazle. She hid her frown and kept her eyes solely on Lord Potter. Thankfully, he was not gawking at her, but sat silently on his broom, eyes curious but respectful. She stood up then, hands dancing to the hems of her robes before she sank into a deep curtsey, keeping her eyes focused just under his own. "Lord Potter," she spoke slowly, fighting to keep her voice from shaking. "If I might request a word with you. I apologize for coming to you in the midst of your companions, but I'm afraid our respective schedules do not leave much." He opened his mouth to speak. "What are you playing at, Greengrass," Ginevra spat. "And why are you spying on us?" Her heart sank – it was well known throughout the school that Ginevra Weasley – she would not stoop to the common form even if the silly girl insisted upon using it herself – was one of Harry's closest confidantes. She was thankful at least that the sun had faded enough that they could not see the redness of her cheeks. It would not do to allow one so low – whose family had spurned Magic's greater gifts – to address her as if Astoria was naught but some orphaned foundling that Ginevra had discovered on her Lord's front steps. "That's enough," Lord Potter spoke, his tone sharp. "Everyone – changing rooms. I'll be along in ten." The Weasley girl scowled at her, but she departed with the others, and Harry flew lazily towards her, coming down next to her in a slow corkscrew before stepping off his broom and taking a seat next to her, relief evident on his face as he was able to relax on a proper sitting – cushioning charms were no substitute for proper support, and she supposed it was unlikely that a broom with as many racing charms as a Firebolt would even tolerate the weakest such comfort enchantments. "I do not believe we have been introduced," he said at last with a smile in his voice. "Harry Potter." She bowed her head. "Astoria Greengrass, Lord Potter," she replied, daring now to meet his eyes. He was frowning. "Please, call me Harry," he replied, seeming quite off-kilter. "Forgive me," she all but whispered, "but I think I would prefer to call you Lord Potter, Lord Potter." "Right well... in that case, shall I call you Lady Greengrass..." he asked after a moment's hesitation, continuing after receiving a small nod. "What can I do for you? Is this about your sister?" She gasped, wondering what on earth Daphne could have done to so arouse Lord Potter's ire. "No, Lord Potter – though I apologize if she has given you any offense. As