GOING IN District 10 At breakfast everyone has a tight smile. Today is the reaping. My 2nd reaping, in fact. My mother is working anxiously at the stove boiling robin eggs and mixing honey and roasting cashews. My twin brothers Foress and Hering are both looking frightened and stiff. Even though their names have only been in the bowl 5 they are sure they will be drawn from the bowl as tributes. If anyone in our family is going to be picked it will be me. My name has been in there twice for my age and 10 for the tesserae, 12 in all. I didn't want them to, but both boys signed up for tesserae too. My parent's hearts will shatter if one of their little boys are picked. I stare at the outfit layed out for me. A floral skirt and green wool sweater. On my feet I wear brown leather sandals. Suddenly father comes up behind me and brushes my hair, he does a complicated twisted hairdo and soon I have a fishtail running down my back. He massages my shoulders and whispers "I love you Fiesta, may the thought that your family loves you be what lets you move on in the arena if you are picked." I look up into those clear green eyes, the ones that are identical to mine, and I trust him with all my heart! The bell sounds and I take both of my dress pant clad bother's hands. We arrive in the town square and hundreds of other well dressed children surround me. The day of the reaping it's a requirement to wear your best, I don't understand though. If it's going to be the worst day of your life, why look good? Ringo Varelose, the District 10 escort, smiles at us all. The combination of his bright orange lips, purple skin and curled yellow mustache is slightly nauseating. "Hello all you bright young souls! Welcome to the reaping of the 56th annual Hunger Games! Now who's ready for me to spin this ball so I can chose two very lucky tributes?" Scilence meets his ears, except for the cows mooing in the background everything about District 10 is quiet. "Let's get rolling!" The glass ball spins and he opens the top. "Ladies first?" Again scilence, no one wants to cheer right now. I grip both of my brother's hands firmly. He reaches inside the left ball. "Fiesta Von Trappe!" That's my name! I take a deep breath but it's shaky. I let go of my brother's hands and take unsteady steps towards the stage. "Oh welcome, welcome, how lucky you must feel! How about we get our lady tribute to choose a fellow tribute?" He guides me over to the right ball. I let my hands skim the top of the pile and chose the first name I touch. When I open the card and read what it says I almost faint. I pass the card over to Ringo. "Foress Von Trappe!"I look to my brother. I see his eyes go wide and his face drain to white. He takes small robotic steps to the stage. I see Herring screaming his head off and two Peacekeepers trying to fend him off. Foress reaches the stage and we hold each other close. "So we are keeping it in the family, eh? This is a first!" I wanted to slug Ringo but wanted to keep my brother safe more than anything by holding him tight. I feel his shaking little fingers tugging me off the stage and into the justice building. Here we are led into two different isolated rooms. Here I cry myself to sleep. I don't care if they think I'm weak. When I get to the arena I will fight with all my strength to keep Foress safe. District 9 "Papyrus! Please say something?" my mother pleads. " "Why us? Why me?" I reply angrily. " I hate the capitol and I hate President Snow!" I look straight into the carmera's lense. My little 10 year old brother Rice flinches when I say this. But I don't care, I'm so angry. The reaping replays in my mind a hundred times. Our escort Ritchie Kabul was smiling with his pointy tooth grin. "As my fellow escort Effie would say 'Ladies first!'" He flipped his green tinted hand into the left bowl. "Maine Ever Rose!" A timid looking 15 year old traveled up onto the stage. "Now for the men!" He reached his other hand into the right bowl. "Papyrus Raymond!" I hear the hundreds of girls start sobbing, especially my girlfriend Barlow. Her face is tear streaked as she walks into the fancy justice building room. She comes straight over to sit on my lap and I hold her close. The pretty dress she wore for the reaping was wrinkled and matted. Her hair falling out of her pretty little brett. I look into her beautiful hazel eyes. "Everything will be okay, don't worry!" I am as much trying to calm her as calm myself. Her cold clammy hands reach up to her hair. She pulls out the brett and gives it to me, clasping my hands over the brett. Up close I see the brett is a begonia. I think back to that memory of the begonia. It was my mother's birthday and by coincidence it was her mother's also. Beside the biggest field of wheat was the electric fence and interwoven in the fence poles was a patch of light pink begonias. We were both there picking them for our mother's. I had only seen the Barlow at school and ignored her. But there was no ignoring her when our hands reached for the same begonia. I stood up and let her have it, but when I stood up I saw those beautiful hazel eyes I'm looking at now. It was love at first sight and from then on we were known as a couple. I don't want to but my eyes tear up. She kisses me full on the lips and whispers "Everything will be okay, don't worry!" Then she streaks out of the room. I suddenly notice something like a piece of paper stashed in the brett. I take it out and see my name on it. I unfold the paper. Dear Papyrus, This will be a shock, I'm pregnant! Love, Barlow I start screaming for Barlow as the Peacekeepers lead me from the room. "Shut up and you will stay alive longer!" says a curt black skinned Peacekeeper. So I shut up. This is good advice because if I stay alive I will be able to get my butt back here and become a father! District 8 Today we board the train to the Capitol. I have been on a train once before. With my mother going to the Capitol. This train is much nicer though, plush seats, queen sized beds in our compartments and amazing food from the kitchens. My brother of course would go crazy here. He knows everything about trains and boats and cars. The last time I talked to him was yesterday before the reaping. He works in the factory. After a very , very good supper of clam and bacon chowder, pea and dandelion salad and some amazing creation called hot chocolate I head to my compartment to sleep. I look in the closet and find millions(well not really) of clothes, most of them probably made in our factories. I choose a nightgown of silky purple material. We, of District 8, have never been allowed to wear the designer clothes from our factories, so this is an extreme treat for me and my fellow tribute Oswald. I fall asleep running my hands over the soft velvet blankets on the bed. When I wake up I choose a nice yellow dress made of cotton and put red jean jacket over the dress. The hair I had done for the reaping(a simple braided bun) was still okay so I leave it in. I head for breakfast and gorge myself with hot chocolate, brown sugar oatmeal and rhubarb hot cakes. I feel the waist band of my dress get tighter, it's the first time in my life I have actually felt full. My mentor Wriren was indulged in some goop I hear my escort Lanala call "Fluffy grape flakes", I don't know but they sound disgusting. I try one for fun and it confirms my thoughts of 'Fluffy Grape Flakes", disgusting! Lanala is looking quite interesting with a tie dye afro and bubblegum pink coat. People from the Capitol are so weird. When I leave for my compartment I bump into Oswald. He has a bit of fluffy grape flakes slopped on his t-shirt and I clean them off, his face turns red and he says "thank you" quietly and runs away. I get to my compartment and decide to dress in something more comfortable like a maroon camisole, black wool sweater and wool grey sweatpants. I fall asleep to become woken up again quickly by Wriren announcing Oswald, her and I need to talk about something. "We need to create a point for the audience to look at you from. Are you scared? Timid? Fearsome and angry? Positively revolted? Or do you two feel like you're walking on sunshine?" she looks unhappy. "Oswald you first, how do you feel?" He stares at the floor "Freaked out of my mind! But I guess angry." Wriren takes the floor again. "Wonderful!"( Her face states that it's anything but wonderful) "How about you Josephine?" I realize she is talking to me and wrap my black hair behind my ear, I sigh trying To choose my words carefully but I end up saying "Revolted! And like I'm going to pee my pants!" Wriren laughs at my attempt at humor, but truth is it's not just humor. I look at the window and see the Capitol looming into view. The 'pee my pants' statement is more than ever true right now! District 7 As we screech into the Capitol, Everett actually smiles. He is home. We are a long way from home Georgia and I. The day I was picked for the reaping was quite horrible, because the reaping was what took us from home. Yesterday our quiet escort Everett Umbasa had been reaching his name into the boy bowl when my world turned around, my mother and sister Oragoni had started screaming when the quiet Capitol man had said "Pine Bludger" into the mike. I died almost when Oragoni's name was called. But everyone loves her so much that she quickly had many volunteers to take her place. Her best friend Georgia is now my fellow tribute, it's going to hurt bad if I have to kill her. That is having grown up with her practically as a sister. We are taken to a building called the remake center. Here I meet my prep team. Tullio, Maracas and Daint are all quite annoying with their high pitched Capitol accents. They all look strange too. Tullio looks like a little boy even though he keeps reminding me he's 58. He keeps reminding me that he was 2 when the Hunger Games started, that the Games are great and that I'm so privileged. Everytime he says this his bleached eyebrows wag up and down along with his magenta hair and beard. Maracas is even weirder with a blue tint to his skin, yellow contacts, purple facial hair, shiny red tattoos and leaf green lips. Daint is the most normal one with her ruby red lips, deep brown skin and short curls of red hair. She also has three rubies implanted on each cheek that look like freckles. They do a thing called beauty base zero. They make me bathe in oils, gels, and waxes when I get out of each bath I feel like a rubber tree. They also comb my hair, which is a tough feat!(