* Note : This is my take on New Moon and what could have happened differently. I do use quotes, lines, situations, etc. from the movie and the book so there are many similarities but I do not profit in any way from Twilight or its sequels. I am just twisting New Moon (and Eclipse) to my liking. This story setting is based on after New Moon's Chapter 4, "Waking Up." I sincerely hope that you enjoy reading my story. New Moon could have became my favorite book (truthfully I liked Eclipse the best though) except that she never actually explored her relationship fully with Jacob, who was another viable option for her. I am not implying that she made the wrong choice, but I would like to explore the possibility of the alternate reality of her choice (and consequences) had she decided differently. This general synopsis sounds the same, but it is not. I shift drastically from the book/movie, but I am Team Jacob. I do not pick on Edward though since he is an essential character and means the world to Bella regardless of him leaving, being ultra conservative, and a dead immortal. So this story is pretty Team Edward friendly. I would also like to point out that this is my first fan fic and I would appreciate honest feedback and ways to improve. So give me R&R. This story has a MA rating for a reason. I have lemons & limes throughout, but they are quite a few chapters ahead. I guess you'll have to follow my story for awhile. :-) I am giving ample warning. I also wanted to add that for each chapter I pick one song to dedicate that particular chapter to and I do not repeat the artist after I have used one of their songs. I do provide the artists so that you don't think I am cheating and you can either listen to the song or not as you read along. It's not necessary, but it is very good music (if its your taste, of course). Also I would like to thank my two Betas: thejmeyer & wolfskill. They put up with my horrible grammatical errors to make this story the start of something more beautiful. Also I want to thank my mother (for being my first unofficial Beta, though she's Team Edward.) Yuck ! And I also wanted to thank JoinTeamJacob and preciousfairymom80. Without preciousfairymom80, I never would have torn up my original version to start this one over from scratch and JoinTeamJacob has just done amazing things with our favorite werewolf. They're both great. Check out their stories. Chapter I Summary : Bella's screams and nightmares still haunt her after Edward Cullen and his family leave her just after her birthday. Bella's thoughts and mind takes her towards First Beach where she reacquaints herself with a long lost friend. Their worlds collide at first out of convenience, and then out of necessity. This chapter only touches on the end of Bella's internal torment and the beginning of her growing friendship with Jacob. JxB story. 'The Phase after the New Moon' *Disclaimer: I do not own Twilight, Taylor Lautner nor Jacob Black…the last two come to me willingly though. Chapter I Title : 'Best I Ever Had (Grey Sky Morning),' by Vertical Horizon (BPOV) Mid-January "I'm sorry, Bella. You're just not good for me." I pulled the voice's owner closer to me, pressing my warm body against his and kissed his chin with tears running down my face. I knew what his next words would be, and I also feared what his next words would really mean for "us." "Don't say that. Please don't say that," I begged. "What can I do to make you believe that we belong together?" "Your blood sings to me Bella. It's the only way we can be together." I had never seen him avoid my eyes purposefully before. Not like this. It was never like this. The way he bared his teeth as he moved closer to the throbbing vein in my neck. The way his fingers traveled with such grace through the air. The way the sun caught his sparkling skin. Real men don't sparkle, but Edward wasn't a real man. He was a real vampire. My vampire boyfriend. The motive of my being. The throbbing in my heart. The very reason that I still breathed. The very reason I wanted to live. And he wanted my blood. He wanted my life, and I was completely willing to give it. "I'm ready. Edward…please." His advancement toward me was slow. Or was it my anxiety that was getting to the best of me? Hadn't I wanted this? Hadn't I wanted this for me? Edward, my prince, looked at me with a horrible grimace before he stopped midstride. "Bella." He wouldn't come any closer. Why wouldn't he drink from me? Why couldn't he see that I only lived for him? "Edward—" "Your boyfriend can't save you now." A nasty voice snarled in my ear. I turned quickly to gaze into the eyes of the intruder, but a sinister laugh sounded through the woods instead, breaking my concentration on the second voice and the gaze of my one true love. "Bella," Edward called again. Just as my blood sang to him, his voice sang to me. I reached for him before I was yanked back by a force. "Edward, don't leave!" I tried to view my attacker as I watched Edward slowly shake his head in shame. He shrank back from me, and the distance between us increased each second that my eyes blinked. "I'm sorry. You're just not good for me," he repeated. "NO! Edward—" The laugh returned, and this time I recognized it. The shrill cackle feasted on my fears and plagued my anguish. The true reason I feared the bloodlust that may grow within me one day if I was turned into my beloved vampire's mate. The curse that all vampires had to endure. The red eyes, the pale skin, the inhuman emotions, and the cold heart James, the hunter and tracker, had come back for me. I struggled uselessly and watched, afraid, as my own death played before me as a tragic movie. Would my death be like Romeo and Juliet? I didn't know. "No one can save you, Bella," James said again. I knew he was right as he quickly tore my shirt as if it were wet paper and ripped into my neck. I didn't even fully swallow my last gulp of air before he began drinking from my open wound. My eyes didn't even have time to close. "No! No! Edward, please! Please!" My screams for my love continued as my horrible nightmare sounded through the night. A cold sweat had broken through as my fevered blood ran hot under my skin. My bed felt unfamiliar and lonely as my hands and eyes frantically searched for some kind of recognition of where I was. Of whom I was. My weeping didn't stop. I had just gotten tired of yelling for someone who wasn't there anymore. My throat was hoarse and dry as the words died in my mouth. "Bella? Bella? I'm coming, sweetheart!" Charlie. My father. His voice sounded panicky. Why shouldn't it? I would have thought that I would have been less irritated to hear him living and breathing down the hall of my room. It should have relieved me that he was a concerned parent who wanted his only daughter to be happy and to stop mourning as if a part of her soul had died. Charlie should get another daughter. My shivering hadn't stopped, but I wiped my face with my already damp sheets. I knew I looked a mess. Awoken in the middle of the night after a ghastly dream when my equally hideous vampire boyfriend had left me just two months ago, and I still screamed for him to come back to me. Who was I kidding? I would have loved for him to come back to me. It should have been Edward who was sitting there in my rocking chair across the room, watching me sleep. Protecting me while I laid unaware of the true dangers that were out there. Maybe something more dangerous than the sadistic and torturing vampire whom had come to me this past May. "No! No, Char—Dad, I'm fine! I'm fine," I had said that last part more to myself than anything. Was I fine? It didn't matter. I had to stop Charlie; I could hear him right outside my door. "You sure, Bella? You okay to go back to sleep?" His voice sounded drained even through the door. "Uh-huh." My head plopped back down into the pillow as I heard him drag his feet back down the hall. I knew he'd be asleep as soon as his body touched the bed. I wouldn't be so lucky. My eyes cautiously looked around my dark room, and it still seemed unchanged since that first night I had slept in my bed, alone, without looking forward to Edward sitting in my room with me. I hated that he was gone. I hated feeling like this. I hated that I was so unbelievablely average that he couldn't find a reason to stay with me. Despite being only human , I was in love with him. Wasn't that enough? A sudden sob echoed in the room. My head jerked out of fear again, but I soon realized that it was only me in the room; therefore, it was only me that that noise could have been coming from. "Edward," My tears came more freely. It still hurt. I was still in pain. The hole tore down the very walls of my heart and left nothing in my chest. I could barely feel my heart with my hand anymore. Everything was cold. Nothing gave me pleasure. I gasped as I realized that my inner thighs felt sticky, feeling as though it were more than just sweat. "Great. I am the only person I know that can be aroused from a dream with two vampires in it," my voice decreed softly into the night. There was a distinct possibility that I was still dreaming even after I was sure that I hit my alarm clock this morning. That repetitive chime would have awoken even an enchanted fairy princess from a one hundred year sleep. I was no beauty and my Prince Charming had ridden his horse out of town. I had to have been dreaming. My feet moved much too slowly, and my voice hung with an emptiness after I said goodbye to Charlie as he walked out to the cruise with toast in hand and half a smile. His smile was an attempt to get me to stop sulking around the house. It didn't work. I contemplated eating but did not feel the desire. My energy had been depleted by getting out of bed and putting on sweats that morning. My stomach grumbled in protest, but I ignored it. After all, Edward had ignored my pleas (in my dreams and in real life) to stay with me, so why should I enjoy one single thing? "Aargh!" I screamed into an empty house. I would not give in. I would not stop loving him. I couldn't have even if I wanted to. The inkling to feel his cool body and his tussled hair alongside my skin. To feel my lips touch his smooth and pale skin and to entwine our fingers together as we walked (or in my case, trip) would have been heaven to me all over again. Suddenly, I couldn't stand being in the lonely house on a Saturday. It was much too quiet. The world held nothing of value anymore but neither did this house. I flung myself at the kitchen door, grabbing my keys on the nearby counter, and took off running without my sneakers. The latter thought hadn't occurred