Disclaimer: I do not own Percy Jackson and the Olympians or The Heroes of Olympus. This has been edited. Once upon a time, in a land far away, a lord lived in his manor with his wife, son, and daughter. The lord's wife, Lady Maria, ad been sick for a very long time, and so, when she fell pregnant for a third time, her frail body could not handle it, and Maria and the child passed on to the next life. The lord and his two children lived contently for the next few years before the lord married again to the widower, Lady Persephone. The lady and her two sons, Luke and Octavian, moved into the manor with the lord and his children. Life remained peaceful for the next year until the lord's eldest child, his daughter Bianca, grew tired of her cruel stepmother and ran away from home. Nico, the lord's son, grew depressed without his sister around. The lord was almost always away for business, and Nico was left home alone with his step family. Lady Persephone and her sons were cruel to Nico. They would make up chores for him to do while his father was away and not allow him to eat until he had completed the entire impossibly long list. They would kick him out of his bedroom and make him sleep down in the kitchen with only the cinders from the fire to keep him warm. Luke and Octavian would shove Nico around, once going so far as to break a few ribs. The only times Nico was safe were when Lord Hades was home, which was rare in and of itself. And yet, Nico could never bring himself to say anything to his father, for he had not seen him smile the way he smiled at Persephone since before Maria had died. One day, while his father was out by the coast visiting with his brother Lord Zeus, Nico decided it would be a good idea to sneak out. Persephone and her boys were out at the market and weren't due back for at least another three hours. Nico grabbed the Stygian iron sword his father gave him for his seventeenth birthday and made his way out the back door, into the woods surrounding the manor. Nico couldn't help himself as he let out a giddy laugh. For the first time in what seemed to be ages, he felt free. Out here in the woods, there was no Persephone or Luke or Octavian to boss Nico around. He could do whatever he very well pleased. And so, after making sure his sword was hooked tightly to his belt, Nico took off at a run into the forest. It felt amazing, jogging through the forest on such a beautiful day. All Nico could pay attention to was the beauty around him. Eventually, he made his way to his mother's grave. It had been awhile since Nico had visited Maria di Angelo's grave. It always made his father sad to see the final resting place of his one true love, and when Hades was away, Persephone kept Nico far too busy to have time to go visit his mother. "Ciao, Mamma," Nico said softly as he sat down in front of his mother's headstone in the family plot. He rested his hand on the dirt. Tears filled Nico's eyes. "I miss you, Mamma. It's awful without you. Papà is hardly ever home, and his new wife is awful. She made Bia run away, Mamma. And her sons are even worse. Mamma..." Nico broke off, his voice choking. "I need you back." Nico's tears started to fall. He didn't even try to hold them back. After years of holding back, Nico's wall he had hidden behind had finally broken. He buried his face in his hands and sobbed, his body shaking. Out here, far enough into the forest where no one could see him, it was okay to break down. It was okay to be weak. Out here, he didn't need to be strong for his father, didn't need to be strong to show his step family they couldn't break him. Out here, he could let all his defenses go. "Are you okay?" Nico froze. He didn't recognize that voice. Whoever had just spoken was a stranger to Nico, so what was he doing in the di Angelo family grave? "Who are you?" Nico demanded, his voice a hoarse growl from crying. He wiped away his tears before turning to face the person. The boy, he couldn't be much older than Nico's own age of 16, had his hands up in surrender. His floppy blond hair fell around his face perfectly, and his blue eyes glistened with worry. "My name's Will," the boy answered. "I'm, uh, a stable boy up at the castle." Will shifted awkwardly. "Are you okay?" he repeated again. Nico spared a quick glance for his mother's headstone. "Fine," he grumbled. Rising, he brushed the seat of his pants off. "What's a stable boy doing all the way out here?" "It's only an hour's ride," Will mumbled defensively, crossing his arms in front of himself. "It's not that far." "For a stable boy, it is," Nico said, his lips twitching into a smirk. Something about this boy cheered him up. "Shouldn't you be in the palace stables? And where's your horse?" "I tied him up a few minutes back," Will admitted. He uncrossed his arms. "I heard someone crying and thought I'd scare them less without a horse. And to answer your first question, I have the day off." Will grinned at Nico. "Anymore questions." "Where'd you even get a horse?" Nico asked, not as scathingly as he had his previous questions. For some reason, this boy made Nico's stomach go in somersaults. "A gift from King Apollo himself," Will said. Nico thought the other boy sounded rather proud, though he supposed he would be too if the king had given him such a gift. "Anything else?" Nico shook his head, cursing himself as a light blush rose up his cheeks. "Well, then," said Will, grinning even wider, "do you want to tell me your name?" Nico could feel himself getting redder. "Nico," he mumbled, quiet enough he didn't think Will heard it. "Nico," Will repeated. He held his hand out for Nico to shake. "It's nice to meet you." "You too," Nico said, awkwardly shaking Will's hand. He shuffled awkwardly, looking up at the sky. He blanched to see the sun already moving towards the west tree line. "I need to go," he cried, turning to Will. He shoved passed Will towards the entrance to the family cemetery. He needed to get home before Persephone, Luke, and Octavian. "Wait!" Will called after Nico. "When can I see you again?" "I don't know!" Nico shouted back over his shoulder. "Soon, I hope!" Two Years Later Nico shoved Will as the boy started laughing at his expense. Both boys were sitting outside in the forest, enjoying the first rain-free day in a while. Nico sighed and leaned his head on Will's shoulder. This was relaxing. This was nice. It was Nico's favorite time. Out here with Will, he could be himself. "Hey, Nico," Will mumbled into Nico's hair. "Hm?" Nico hummed, nuzzling his head further into Will's neck. "You know that ball at the palace in a few day's?" "Yeah," Nico said. He wrapped his arms around Will's neck and placed a light kiss on the taller boy's collarbone. He didn't want to talk right now. He wanted to cuddle. "You should go, and we could meet up the stables. I want to take you to the gardens at the palace and ask you something." This peaked Nico's interest. Will was sounding shy. He never sounded shy. Nico had never been to Will's home at the palace. Two years of knowing Will, and a year-and-a-half of technically courting (although the only gifts had been wildflowers passed between the two), and Nico had never seen his stable boy's home. "Was planning to come see you then, anyways," Nico mumbled, nuzzling his face farther into Will's neck. "Now, it's cuddle time, no talking." Will laughed loudly and wrapped his arms around Nico's waist. He pressed a kiss to the top of the shorter boy's head before leaning back onto the ground and closing his eyes. Nico groaned as he stared at his wardrobe. There was nothing decent to wear. He needed to look immaculate tonight. This would be the first time Nico ever saw Will's home. Aha! Nico pulled out a lovely pair of leather leggings and a flowy satin shirt. This would be sure to impress Will. Smiling happily to himself, Nico rushed down the stairs from his rarely used bedroom to the front door, waiting for his step-family to arrive. Nico hadn't mentioned coming with them in the hopes they wouldn't be able to come up with an excuse for him not to go at the last minute. "What do you think you're wearing?" Luke sneered. "Do you actually think you can get the prince's attention wearing something like that?" "It's not to get the prince's attention," Nico mumbled angrily, a deep blush rising up his cheeks. "My friend asked me to come." "Friend?" Octavion jeered. He pushed Nico harshly up against the wall. "You don't have any friends." Nico didn't say a word. "Boys!" Persephone voice, though soft, was as harsh as knives on stone. "Be nice to your brother." "Mother," Luke complained, drawing out the first syllable. "He thinks he's good enough to come to the ball." Persephone looked down her elegant, straight nose at her stepson. Nico shrunk in at the critical look. Something about his stepmother made him feel not good enough. Persephone ran a hand over Nico's shirt. She gripped the right sleeve and yanked. Nico felt his stomach drop at the heart-wrenching tearing sound that filled the room. Nico felt tears spring to his eyes. This couldn't be happening. Not tonight. Will was expecting him. "He's most definitely not presentable enough," Persephone scoffed. She lifted her skirts some and kicked some of the cinders next to Nico. The ashes went up and got all over Nico's pants. Nico felt a few tears escape him no matter how hard he tried to hold them back. He couldn't believe what was happening. He just wanted to curl up and die. How was he supposed to be able to go meet Will looking like this? Will would never speak to him again if he showed up like this. Will would never speak to Nico again if he didn't show up at all either! Nico collapsed to his knees in the cinders in shock. It didn't register when his stepfamily left. Nico was too busy wallowing in self-pity. "Well, you'll never get your man if you're just going to sit here crying," a sarcastic voice griped. Nico looked up to see a young girl about his age with bright blue hair and purple eyes. The girl was in a flouncy bubble-gum pink dress that, unshockingly, clashed horribly with her hair. The girl had a wicked smile and a rather heavy looking stick in her hands. "Who are you?" Nico asked skeptically, scooching back farther into the cinders. "Your fairy godmother, of course," the girl said. "The name's Lou Ellen. You can call me Lou, though." "I'm Nico," Nico replied. He eyed the stick the girl was holding warily. Is that your magic wand?" "Nope," the girl said. She haphazardly threw the stick over her shoulder. "I just like carrying it around to threaten people with." Nico gulped audibly. "Now, let's see about your clothes, huh?" Lou Ellen snapped her fingers. Nico suddenly found himself in a poofy skirt and a corset that squeezed him so hard he was turning blue. "Uh, whoops," Lou Ellen said. She snapped her fingers. The skirt was replaced with burgundy leather leggings, made from an animal Nico