Duty before Honor AN-Hey there guys! I'm happy to say I'm finally getting my SS/HG fanfiction in production. This story may get pretty long, so bear with me. Also, I'm splitting my time between this story and my Law and Order: SVU fanfiction: Contradictions. However, I will try my best to update at the very least, once a week! DISCLAIMER: I DO NOT OWN THE CHARACTERS, I JUST PLAY WITH THEM HGSSHGSSHGSSHGSSHGSSHGSSHGSSHGSSHGSSHGSSHGSSHGSSHG Manipulations Severus sighed as he downed the last bit of fire whisky in his tumbler. The dark lord was becoming increasingly more frustrating as of late. The bloody reptilian beast was giving out crucios left and right for things as mundane as coughing during his speech. Severus could tell his master was slowly losing it. The prophecy had shaken him, though he would never tell his followers he was scared of a mere child. Severus snorted and tossed his tumbler into the fireplace, ignoring the loud sound of glass shattering as it echoed around his empty home. Mere child indeed. How anyone could be afraid of Potter was a mystery to him. How was it, that the wizarding world at large had come to depend on such an ill-mannered, dunderheaded, weak little boy? Fate surely knew how to be cruel. Severus glared at the fireplace as it flared to life with green flames, shaking him out of his thoughts. "Good afternoon, Severus," Dumbledore's cheery voice hit him in the face like a brick. Would it kill the man to be less cheerful? "Is it?" Snape drawled. "Come now, Severus," Dumbledore said; Severus heard the warning tone in his voice. Clearly, this was not a social call. "Is there something you wanted, Albus?" Snape asked tiredly. He was still suffering the aftermath of the cruciatus curse he was given two nights ago, and didn't feel up for a chat . In fact, he wanted to down the rest of his firewhisky and hopefully pass out in an alcohol induced coma. "Sharp as always, it seems," Dumbledore commented, though it wasn't complimentary. "I'm sorry Severus, but I have to decline your application for the Dark Arts position once more." He didn't sound the least bit sorry. "I expected as much," Severus said without true feeling. He really wasn't even sure why he put in an application every year. Old habits die hard he presumed. "I'm assuming you didn't floo me just to tell me that. What do you really want, Albus?" Dumbledore's cheery façade faltered then. Without as much as asking, Dumbledore walked through the flames and into his home. Severus rubbed a hand over his face in an aggravated manner. "Minerva and I have been talking," he paused to smirk as he heard Severus mumble something under his breath that sounded something like ' Fuuuuuck'. "We're assigning each of the members of the Golden Trio, as you insist on labeling them, a mentor of sorts. The time is drawing near to defeat Tom, and they need to be as well prepared as they can possibly be." Severus had a bad feeling about this. "What does this have to do with me?" he asked wearily. As if he didn't already know. Albus put on his best smile and stroked his long beard. "Harry and Mr. Weasley have already been taken care of. Miss Granger, however-" "You cannot be serious, Albus!" Severus interrupted. "On the contrary, I am. No, no, hear me out," he rushed on as Severus opened his mouth to voice what was sure to be a snarky reply. "There is a list of reasons as to why I believe she should be taken under your tutelage. The main one being, that Miss Granger has exceeded expectations on her OWL results, especially in the subject of potions. This being said, you are under a tremendous amount of stress, Severus," Dumbledore ignored the very rude snort Severus gave, "Miss Granger is more than capable of brewing the required potions for the infirmary, leaving you free to only brew the more potent potions, such as Remus's Wolfsbane." "Albus," Snape growled. Dumbledore held up his hands. "Let me finish, dear boy. You will not be her only mentor. Do you find me so daft in my old age to make the poor girl spend most of her time with you?" he asked in an amused voice. "She will also take tutelage under Poppy, as a healer. This will divide her time evenly. Given that she is one of the few that knows your true position, she can be of assistance to Poppy when you return injured." "Absolutely not! I will not allow a mere child to-" "Severus!" Dumbledore cut him off, his eyes hardening. "I am not asking you to do this. You will do this," he said sternly. Severus felt the familiar burning sensation on his wrists, reminding him of his wand oath he had made so long ago. The brooding wizard said nothing as he scowled at the fireplace. He got the message loud and clear. This wasn't up for debate; the decision had already been made for him. "Poppy will be teaching her the necessary healing skills she will need to know out in the field," Albus continued, as if nothing had happened. "You will be teaching her the concept of dueling, wandless magic, and I'd like to see if you can teach her the first forms of Occlumency." "Occlumency?" Severus asked. Dumbledore smiled at his spark of interest. "Yes, occlumency," Albus replied vaguely. He hid a smile at Severus's groan of irritation. "Must you be so damned nebulous, Albus?" Severus asked tiredly. "Well, I can't have you getting bored with me, Severus," he ignored a glare worthy of scaring the dark lord and continued, "Minerva made a very valid point earlier. Miss Granger seems to be the only person that can get Harry to focus or teach the boy anything. If anyone can teach Harry, it would be Ms. Granger. I have full confidence in her abilities, and am willing to bet she will pick up the skill in no time. I believe there was too much tension between you and Harry for him to benefit in your lessons. When teaching someone occlumency, it is important for both the teacher and student to be comfortable with one another-" "And you are under the assumption Granger would be comfortable with me? Or I with her? Why don't I invite her for tea sometime, perhaps chat about what we have read in The Prophet ?" Severus sneered. "Do not talk nonsense Severus," Dumbledore reprimanded. Severus reached for the almost empty bottle of firewhisky. Ignoring Dumbledore's disapproving gaze, he downed the rest of the bottle. "Comfortable may have been a poor choice of wording on my part. However, I'm sure you agree the air will be far less tense than that of when you taught Harry. Regardless, even if she isn't capable of teaching Harry, it would do no harm for her to learn the skill." "Is that all?" Severus had had his fill of this conversation. "Yes, for now," Albus stood up, his cheerful demeanor back in full swing. "Do try to sober up before term begins, Severus!" Severus scowled as the elder wizard stepped back through the flames, his laughter still echoing off the walls. Severus growled and threw the empty bottle into the fire. Not only did he have to deal with trying to keep up his farce with a homicidal maniac, keep up with his teaching duties, and work with the order - without killing Lupin, but now he had to spend what little free time he managed to obtain with Granger? He sighed and stood up, swaying a little as he did so. He had exactly two weeks left before he had to return to Hogwarts, and he was unsure whether he was relieved or not. Going back meant less summonings, as the Dark Lord knew it was harder for him to get away. That he was grateful for. However, he wasn't looking forward to sneaking through the castle corridors well into the night and being Potter's babysitter once more. With a slightly defeated sigh, Severus grabbed another bottle of firewhisky and popped the cork. If he had to deal with Granger, he better drink enough alcohol to stay in his system until the end of the war. HGSSHGSSHGSSHGSSHGSSHGSSHGSSHGSSHGSSHGSSHGSSHGSSHG The atmosphere at Hogwarts was stifling, to say the least. The houses were divided, now more than ever. Even the sorting hat lacked its usual keen luster as it sang. A heavy silence had fallen over the older students, and the professors smiled empty smiles in order to hold the allusion that all was well. The gleam in Dumbledore's eyes had even diminished in intensity. The only thing that was remotely the same was the first years' barely quailed excitement, and even then, the young ones seemed to sense the apprehension in the air. "What's Remus doing up there?" Harry asked as he scooped a spoonful of mashed potatoes in to his mouth. Hermione looked up distractingly from her book to spare a glance at the head table. "Ith phe a tefer?" Ron mumbled around a mouthful of food. Hermione sighed and could almost feel her eye twitch in annoyance. "Really, Ronald, do you have to eat like a pig? I suspect he may be the Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher," she said as her eyes flitted back towards her book. "Yeah, but Professor Dumbledore said he couldn't be a teacher anymore because it was too dangerous," Harry reasoned. Hermione shrugged. "True, but a lot has changed since then. If we wait long enough we'll find out." As usual, her prediction came true as Dumbledore rose from his seat to take the stand at the podium. Almost immediately, the Great Hall fell silent. "Good evening, I trust the feast is to your liking?" he smiled at the appreciative yells. "Good. Now, before you retire to your common rooms, there are just a few rules we need to go over. I will only say them once, so first years pay attention, and those of you who are returning, it would do well for you to listen too. First, and foremost, the Forbidden Forest is just that, forbidden . Anyone caught in it, without the supervision of a teacher, will be punished accordingly. Next, I would like to address curfew, as there have been a few changes. Your Sunday through Thursday curfew has changed from ten o'clock to eight o'clock," his voice rose over the shouts of protests, "And Friday and Saturday curfew has changed from eleven to nine!" he waited for the students to calm themselves. "And last, but certainly not least, you will encounter many new corridors during your stay here. This building is ever changing, and there are places that I, myself, have never been in. There are rooms that are extremely dangerous, and it will do you no good to go exploring," he gave an amused glance at the trio, whom each had the good grace to blush. "Now, with the rules out of the way, I would like to introduce your Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher for this year. Some of you may remember, Professor Lupin," the Great Hall exploded with clapping as Lupin stood and bowed deeply, all the while smiling brightly at a shocked Harry. "I wonder why he didn't tell us back at Grimuland Palace," Ron said, finally taking a break from eating to say a coherent sentence. "Maybe Dumbledore asked him to keep it secret," Hermione said thoughtfully, her brain was already working a mile a minute. "Hopefully, we're about to find out," Harry nodded towards Dumbledore, whom was walking rather slowly towards them. "Good evening, would you three mind meeting me in my office when you have finished eating? There are matters in which I need to discuss with you," he said politely. The trio looked at each other curiously, but nodded never-the-less. "Yes sir," Harry answered