I'm so terribly sorry to everyone who has been waiting for me to upload more but my internet has been fucking with me something terrible! D: I promise I have not been resting on my laurels, however, I have been writing my little heart out! Problem is I've started new fics (this being one of 'em) and I'm generally only halfway through ^_^; Soz! But hopefully this will partially make up for my long absence. My external exams are over and now it's time for some fanfiction (fist pump time)! More uploads will be coming your way, my lovelies. Oh and a big, huge, hearty, teary, glompy, mega thank you to everyone who has read or commented on any of my work; sorry that I haven't replied but I really hugely appreciate everything! I LOVE YOU! Disclaimer: I don't own the characters, setting or the trilogy, Lord Of The Rings (though I do own many copies of the books and DVDs). I make absolutely no profit from this. Title: The King of Rohan's 'Fulfilling' Stay In Gondor Rating: NC-17, M, R, I don't know. Summary: Eomer, newly crowned King of Rohan, is visiting Gondor and he gets to spend a little time with Faramir. Eomer/Faramir slash. Slightly fluffy and yet incredibly smutty. Pairing: Eomer/Faramir and a hint of Lothiriel/Eowyn but just in passing. Warnings: Graphic, consensual man sex, a little bit of fluff, rimming, and a pretty pointless, going-nowhere plot, but it remains (somehow) not a PWP. Author's Notes: As you may notice after reading the first paragraph, this is not a fic about the two tough guys realising their feelings. That has already happened somewhere along the line. This fic is just something I thought up when I had a craving for Eomer/Faramir. It's really just a fic about Eomer and Faramir spending a day together, with smut involved. It's set in Minas Tirith after the ROTK so it is quite peaceful, hence why there is no angst and no one is dying. Hooray! OoOoooooOOOOO Faramir's eyes fluttered open blearily as he was greeted with the soft orange glow of the glorious moments before sunrise. He'd left the window open the night before and a cool breeze was billowing the white curtains about and drifting across his bare skin where he was not covered by the blanket. He was not cold though. A strong, warm arm was wrapped around his waist, holding him to the heated torso that was pressed against his back, spreading warmth through his body and right down into his bones. How was it that Eomer was always so warm? His body constantly felt like it was on fire, almost like he was always suffering from a fever even though he was not ill. Faramir didn't know why this was but he was grateful for it in any case, as it kept him warm on cold nights and mornings like this one. He stretched and yawned lazily, grunting as his aching muscles reminded him that Eomer had not been all that gentle last night. Faramir smiled at the memory as he gently slipped out of Eomer's embrace, lifting the large hand from its position on his stomach and regrettably moving away from the glorious warmth of his lover's body. Disturbed by the loss of body heat, Eomer mumbled something indistinct in his sleep and Faramir smiled at the faint frown that wrinkled his lover's brow. He found his nightshirt on the floor, half hidden under the bed, where he had unwittingly thrown it last night in his haste to reacquaint himself with Eomer's body after such a long absence, and his smile widened at the memory. It had been a year and a half since Faramir had seen him last. It had been in Rohan, at Eomer and Lothiriel's wedding. Elessar had attended, as had Eowyn and Faramir; the respective brother in law and sister of the newly crowned Rohirric King. Lothiriel had known of her husband and her cousin's relationship and, like Eowyn, did not begrudge them their happiness. In fact, her interest also remained with another. Faramir did not know for sure who it was but he suspected that it was his wife, Eowyn, who seemed to share the Queen of Rohan's bed and also her heart. He did not mind. How could he disapprove of such a thing when he was in love with his wife's brother? Eomer had even lain with him in the bed in the guest room he and Eowyn had been given, the night of his marriage and all the following nights that he stayed in Rohan. Faramir did not know where Eowyn slept and did not ask though he suspected it was in the Queen of Rohan's bed: she would tell him when she wanted him to know. Faramir slipped the nightshirt over his head but didn't bother with the leggings: knowing Eomer and his raging libido, he would soon have no clothes on again anyway. Still smiling, he walked over to the window, drinking in the sunlight as the sun slowly rose over Minas Tirith. The light hit his body and engulfed him in its quickly spreading heat, chasing away the coldness that had settled on him since abandoning his bed and his lover's embrace. The white city was aglow with a steady, burning orange, the chill in the air dissipating and signaling an unusually warm autumn day. The lands of Gondor stretched as far as the eye could see, green plains growing back slowly after the war, and villages and little houses could already be seen here and there. It was peaceful. Evil had been banished and Mordor's orcs almost wiped out. Finally all that was bad in middle earth had been so diminished that it no longer outweighed the good. Evil was not gone forever; it could never be completely eradicated, but now a time of peace and regrowth had settled on the people of middle earth and the age of men had returned with Elessar, the King of Gondor, at their head. Faramir's gaze drifted to the highest watcher's tower where Boromir used to look out over the land that he would have ruled one day, had fate been kinder to him. "All of this, little brother, all of it is our responsibility to protect", Boromir had said to him one evening as they both looked out over the beautiful lands of Gondor, "It is our duty to see that Gondor never falls. One day the fields will grow green and plentiful, the people will not fear a dark shadow, peace will be over the lands and the Kings of old will look on the white city and be proud". Boromir had looked so proud, so fierce, so determined when he had declared this, that for years later, Faramir had still believed him. But as time went on, age and experience had brought him out of his youthful, hopeful ways and he had almost given up on hope. Then Boromir had left and deep down inside, Faramir had known that they would not meet on middle earth again. He had almost welcomed defeat then and the only thing that had kept him going had been the memory of the wild, fierce third marshal of Rohan who had shown him there was more to life than just surviving. Love had been an unexplored, abandoned emotion for Faramir, but Eomer had changed that and brought hope to his world again. When the shadow had taken him, the only thing that kept death at bay had been the small sliver of hope that perhaps Eomer was alive and that he could see him one last time. Then the King had summoned him from the shadows and he had obeyed because the King had returned and he knew then that not all was lost. A sudden noise from the city below jolted Faramir out of his reverie. Minas Tirith was starting to wake up and her inhabitants were slowly welcoming the new day. Faramir yawned and rubbed his eyes, wishing that certain aspects of his ranger and soldier's instinct and habits didn't still haunt him, such as how he always awoke so early. He would have enjoyed another few hours of sleep but even though he was still tired, he wouldn't have been able to sleep any longer. If he had tried, he would only have succeeded in waking Eomer up, who was a light sleeper, with all his restless turning and squirming. Perhaps he should take a walk in the royal gardens. It was especially beautiful at sunrise and sunset, and Arwen, the Queen, had brought in some exotic, foreign flowers that even the vast library of Minas Tirith had little information on. The walk would also wake and brighten him up for the council meeting which was scheduled for a little later on in the morning. He was just about to tear himself away from the magnificent view of the Gondorian sunrise, when two warm and wonderfully familiar arms wrapped themselves around his shoulders. "You are up too early; come back to bed", Eomer's muffled voice rumbled into his hair. Faramir smiled warmly, leaning back into Eomer's strong body and shivering as the Rohirric King's hot breath tickled over the back of his neck. "I couldn't get back to sleep", he explained simply, resting his head back on Eomer's shoulder. A huff of laughter was lost in Faramir's russet hair before Eomer muttered, "And who said anything about sleep?" Faramir's smile widened and his heart jumped in excitement, but when Eomer's hands slowly started pulling his nightshirt up, he pushed them away gently. "We have a council meeting this morning", he warned. "I remember something about the meeting being in the late morning and it is still early now; we have plenty of time", Eomer replied, running his hands over Faramir's thinly clothed stomach. "Yes, but if you have your way, we won't get there until early afternoon". Eomer laughed in agreement. "If I had my way, I would keep you in here all week, councils be damned". Faramir returned the laughter and this time did not push Eomer's hands away when they started pulling his nightshirt up. Eomer was a temptation that he found very difficult to resist but he forced himself to make one last feeble attempt. "Eomer, we shouldn't. We can't go into a council meeting right after sex, it's just not right..." "Is that so?" Eomer's breath drifted over Faramir's shoulder and lips followed soon afterwards. "Yes, it is so. What if we are late or someone smells...something on one of us?" "Hmm, that would be unfortunate". Eomer slid one of the shoulder's of Faramir's nightshirt down so he could move further down Faramir's shoulder. "Yes, it...unfortunate...yes", Faramir trailed off distractedly, shuddering at the hot silk of Eomer's lips, "I – I, they might find out..." "We have wives we can blame such awkward situations on. Do you know how wonderful you look when you've just woken up?", Eomer smiled against Faramir's soft skin, his hand moving down to slide between Faramir's thighs, stroking up to rub against his half-hard cock. Faramir promptly abandoned resistance, and gave himself over to the touch of his talented lover, letting out a soft moan. Eomer grinned in silent victory before turning Faramir around to kiss him deeply. Faramir melted instantly, opening his mouth and welcoming the intruding tongue, sliding his own over it and running his long, elegant hands up Eomer's sides, unsurprised but not unpleased to see that Eomer was completely naked. Shivering at the touch, Eomer cradled Faramir's jaw with one hand as he kissed him while the other trailed over his still clothed backside. Grinning a perverted smile, Eomer pushed Faramir backwards until the back of his knees hit the bed and he fell back onto it with an ungraceful, 'Oomf'. Once he had regained his breath, Faramir looked up at Eomer with an exasperated smile. "You are insatiable!" Eomer knelt on