Disclaimer: I don't own this; please don't sue me. Why Trees Grow Tall When his father died, Thranduil was not sure he would be able to love children, if he had any, or rather, that he wouldn't be any good at it. He had been so deeply cut by the sudden loss of one that had been around for his very long life that he wasn't sure he would ever mend enough to fulfil the obligations of caring and nurturing a child. He had not realised that having the child was what would ultimately heal him. Legolas turned nine a few weeks ago and he still could not believe how young that was, or maybe it was that he couldn't believe it was only nine years since the child came into his life and changed everything. Things were so different once he was born, and in such a wonderful way that Thranduil had a hard time remembering anything else as normal. Skipping out of trade meetings or ignoring some of his daily tasks as the king of his woodland realm to spend time with the boy had become more common than the work he should be doing, to the point that when his advisors needed him, they searched the usual haunts of the pair first. Thranduil learned early on that the boy loved anything alive, especially if it moved and he could follow it around and even more if he could take it home to traumatise some poor Elf maiden within his halls. He often took him to a small loch where the sunshine was able to break through the thick trees and pierce the clear water to make it shimmer and multiply the light. Many beautiful things grew there, and many slimy things that would delight his son lived within the area. It was close to home if anything went awry, yet far enough away that it was theirs, and otherwise untouched. Legolas would run around and play, crawling into the tall reeds at the edge of the water in search of life until he tired of it and then find something else to do, and Thranduil watched him all the while from his perch on a large rock. It was there that he found himself on a clear day in mid-spring, watching his son. He guessed that his face shone with adoration of the tiny youth, barely tall enough to hug his father's waist without stepping on the tips of his toes, and stick thin, as he had been at that age. His tiny arms and legs flew about as he played and chased a purple butterfly from flower to flower. When the creature stopped suddenly and sat still upon a petal, Thranduil's senses perked with curiosity to see what Legolas would do. He knew the boy loved to catch the frogs and other wildlife of the ground, but he had never had the opportunity to be so close with a butterfly, and Thranduil hoped he knew to be gentle if he tried anything. The butterfly was just as fragile as he was, at that age, and just as beautiful. His large blue eyes widened as he knelt next to the wild flowers and his sunshine-colored hair fell over his face. He looked a lot like his father, yet different in the most subtle ways. Where Thranduil's eyes were sharp and dark, Legolas' were softer and bright, though just as keen. As much as he had an eye for treasure, his heart was for his son, who was more worthy of his adoration than any rock the earth could offer. Legolas was leaning in closer to the little butterfly very slowly, afraid to frighten it away, and putting forth all of his concentration. He stopped and held his breath as he got as close as he dared, and marveled at the beauty of the twin wings and delicate lines of the creature. He lifted one small hand slightly, but the butterfly flew away and his head snapped to follow it, bewitched by its grace and splendour. His attention was not held long, and he soon went back to hopping around the grass and picking up rocks that he fancied. There was a brief moment of terror for Thranduil's part when Legolas tripped over a vine and rolled several feet. He did not get up right away, and Thranduil immediately jumped to reach him but the boy suddenly stood up and dusted himself off before he got far. Legolas looked at his father and giggled a musical sound before saying, "I meant to do that." Thranduil sighed and took his seat again. The boy would be the end of him. The afternoon passed slowly as Legolas trotted here and there over the paths and climbed trees. Thranduil could not help but laugh when he lost a shoe as he dangled from a high branch. Legolas shot him an indignant look as he slid down the trunk but giggled when he reached the forest floor and found his shoe and father apparently missing. He began to look around silently, peeking under bushes and other places that Thranduil could not hope to hide under, but quickly grew more frantic as he could not find him. His little legs moved faster and concern grew on his face when no sign of his father appeared. Just as the tears began welling up in his eyes, large arms encircled his waist and hoisted him high into the air. His sigh of relief was large enough that Thranduil realised it and turned him. When he saw the glistening eyes of his son, his face melted with apology and he pulled Legolas into a tight embrace. "I did not mean to frighten you, little one," he said, slowly lowering his long body onto the soft grass beneath him. He crossed his legs and set Legolas upon his lap, still hugging him tightly. "Be at ease, everything is all right." Legolas' voice was small and muffled by his father's tunic, which he grasped tightly with pale fingers. "I could not find you, I thought you went away." "Have I ever gone away?" For a moment, Legolas sat with a puzzled look on his face, which faded into happiness as he lifted his head to meet the eyes of Thranduil. "Never," he said proudly. "I have a good daddy." Thranduil smiled and rubbed Legolas' back as they sat in the grass, listening to the water and the songbirds around them. He was content to remain there, unmoved, but the nagging voice in his head was still worrying about the fall he had witnessed and he silently looked the boy over for any evidence of injury. There was none. He was overreacting. He closed his eyes and allowed himself to relax against the strong trunk of a tree with his son leaning peacefully in his arms. His smile widened as he reflected on his fear of loving a child. It was an inane thought made by a grief-stricken Elf who did not truly understand life. He still did not fully understand life, or at least, the effect of one so small upon his. He often looked at Legolas and wondered if his father had thought of him the same way. Was he as terrified as Thranduil had been the first time he held Legolas? Had he worried needlessly in the middle of the night and found himself in his son's room just to make sure he was safe? Was he astounded that he was real? There were times that Thranduil had to touch the child just to remind himself that he was real, that he was not merely a blissful dream he had imagined in his loneliness. He was stirred out of his reverie by a sudden poking in his chest and opened one eye to peer down at his son. Legolas smiled at him and ceased his poking. He smiled back and gave him a tickle, which launched the boy into several fits of giggling and squirming. Thranduil waited until he settled down and brushed stray hairs away from his face as he spoke softly, "Was something the matter?" "I am well, but I would like to know why trees grow so tall," said Legolas in a very serious voice. His eyes were set firm and unmoving as he awaited a reply. Thranduil chuckled and tucked a braid behind a tiny pointed ear. "Because they do," he said. Legolas looked keenly at him, skepticism all over his face, "What sort of reason is that?" "What sort of reason do you need," he countered. "Trees are tall, daisies are not, water is wet, fire is hot... Everything is something, but not necessarily for any reason other than their nature. I suppose we find purpose in things of such like, but it is probably not the intention of fire to warm our bath water or trees to shade our eyes." "I think that is a good reason." "I am pleased that you approve, Legolas." "You are the wisest in all of Middle-earth, I think." As much as he would have liked to, Thranduil could not stop the laugh that escaped his throat. Legolas stared at him, confused by his amusement with the compliment. He patted his head and hugged him again. "No, I am afraid I am not." "I think so, no one else has told me why trees grow so tall and I have asked many of the Elves at home. They all say that they do not know, but you have answered me." His eyes were large with pride and adoration. Thranduil smiled and held his arms out, opened wide for Legolas to crawl into a hug. He was rewarded by bony arms around his neck and a little face nuzzling its way into his shoulder. Legolas snuggled close to his father's chest as Thranduil stood up, holding him with one arm and dusting his own clothes with the other. "Are you hungry, little one?" Legolas nodded in response. "Well, then, let us go home and find something to eat, it is nearing later evening and you must still bathe before you go to bed." The boy seemed content with that and remained quiet until Thranduil lifted him to sit on his shoulders, which made him squeal with joy. He always loved the view from high places, which Thranduil assumed stemmed from his short measure. Once back at the heart of their realm, they passed through the magical gates of Thranduil's palace and headed in search of a meal. Members of the court bowed and smiled at their handsome young king and his equally glorious little boy. They sat at a long wooden table and were served hot soup and warm breads. Thranduil had to stifle a giggle as Legolas made faces at the stuffy advisor who stepped between them to speak with his king for a moment. When they were finished eating, Legolas went off with his nanny to be bathed and Thranduil sat in his study, trying to get some of the work before him finished. He could not stop smiling, nor could he stop himself from thinking about his darling little child, and he suspected the two were linked. He leaned back in his sturdy chair and stared at the ceiling. There really was a lot for him to be doing. He should really get to work. His face was staring to hurt from smiling. He laughed to himself, pulling his body forward and forcing himself to look at the paper in front of him. Ah, yes, a letter that should have been sent early that morning. He shrugged, reaching for his pen and ink. One day made very little difference, and he did not expect it would be such that Lord Elrond of Imladris would cancel their political alliances. As he began to write, he thought more about his day and how amazing the gift of life was. He had seen much death in