Title: Hunger Games Chapter: Part 1, A Characters/Pairings: Cato/Clove, Clove/OC Summary: The life of a Victor isn't all it's cracked up to be. Assassinations, bogus love affairs and betrayal... Just another day in the life of a double agent. Disclaimer: Not authorized, prepared, approved, licensed, or endorsed by Suzanne Collins, Lions Gate, or any other individual or entity associated with the Hunger Games books or films. All Hunger Games logos, trademarks, names, characters, and related indicia are the property of Lions Gate, Suzanne Collins, and/or their respective owners. I do not claim any affiliation with those who own Hunger Games and would like to make it clear that no copyright infringement is intended in the publication of this story Author's Note: This first part has been published on this site before. It's mostly the same, though there have been quite a few edits and the second section is quite a bit longer than the original. It takes me a LONG time to finish or rewrite chapters because I'm a bit of a perfectionist and am never really happy with what I write. Part 1, A: The sun is just beginning to peak over tip-tops of the mountains when Cato finally finds himself hobbling through his back gate. He's been on the road for the past three days and, though he typically doesn't think of his too-big house in the Victor's Village as home , just the sight of the place is enough to ease his anxiety. In fact, all he can think of as he steps up to his back door is how good it's going to feel to curl up under the fresh, clean sheets he put on his bed the morning before he left. Of course, he'll have to wash off all the blood first. And after three days without bathing or even a change of clothes, a hot shower is definitely his top priority. He begins fumbling through his vest pocket for his keys, the promise of a shower and sleep hastening his movements despite two broken fingers and swollen knuckles, when he suddenly realizes the door is already unlocked. He's positive he locked it before setting out on Wednesday afternoon and so, with an annoyed "fuck", Cato readies himself for yet another fight and pushes into the house – only to find Clove sitting on his counter, munching on a bowl of cereal. Cato sighs irritably. It's been six weeks since he's seen his best friend and her sudden appearance in his kitchen undoubtedly means emotional or physical turmoil is on the horizon. He'll be more prepared for all of… that tomorrow, but not tonight. No, tonight he needs a hot shower to soothe his aching muscles and a good eight hours of solid sleep in order to function properly. He knows there are no video cameras in the house, but the possibility of listening devices is too great to ignore so he keeps his mouth shut as he drops his gear onto the floor and then limps across the kitchen to pluck the bowl out of her hands. Cato may be exhausted and in pain, but that doesn't mean he's not amused by the way Clove glares at him while he eats the remainder of the cereal right in front of her. Once he's drained the milk and dumped the bowl in the sink, he hobbles off to his bedroom. The stairs are a bit tricky to traverse, what with the knife wound on his thigh refusing to keep closed, but he somehow makes it to his bedroom in one relatively intact piece and, while Clove disappears into the adjoining bathroom to turn on the shower, he manages to peel off his filthy, battered clothes. He throws the soiled clothing into the corner, fully intending to trash the whole getup when he wakes up, and slips into the bathroom. Clove, who has stripped to her undies, is already under the spray and, having left the door open for him, reaches out her arm to help Cato over the lip of the shower. She quickly moves out of the way so he can stand under the water and begins lathering up a washcloth with soap. He doesn't say anything as she washes him, opting instead to watch as the blood and grime and soap circle the drain. When he's clean and dry, Clove helps him to his bed and flashes him a look that clearly says 'move a muscle and I'll hurt you' before heading back into the bathroom in search of medical supplies. They've both had their fair share of contusions and broken bones over the years so it doesn't take long for her to splint his fingers, patch up his knuckles, and treat his thigh wound. He'll deal with the minor cuts and bruises tomorrow. It's a little after 7AM by the time they finally settle into bed – Cato on his back with Clove pressing against his side, her cheek resting on his chest – and, though her initial appearance in his house grated on his nerves and he's so tired he's not really capable of thinking rationally, Cato's so happy to have Clove back in his arms that he almost doesn't even want to fall asleep. But despite his attempts at savoring the moment, he's dead to the world within seconds of closing his eyes. Cato sleeps soundly for a solid twelve hours. Once upon a time a good night's sleep simply wasn't in the cards for him. He had night terrors - the gruesome, horrifying kind he tried to shut out by avoiding sleep completely. For days at a time Cato would stumble around his freshly painted house in the Victor's Village trying desperately to keep the nightmares at bay and then, when his body just couldn't handle it anymore, he'd collapse only to awake hours later to the sounds of his own screams echoing in his ears. The night he dreamed of Fabian, his best friend and dead Tribute, being ripped to shreds over and over again was the night he decided to put an end to the debilitating dreams once and for all and, with one quick trip to his Capitol physician, he managed to do just that. He didn't take his sleeping pills last night though, and so it must have been Clove wrapped around him (and possibly complete and utter exhaustion) that kept him comfortably asleep so long this time. When his eyes finally do flutter open his room is already shrouded in darkness and, if the mouth-watering aroma coming from downstairs is any indication, it's also dinner time. He hasn't eaten much more than a handful of protein bars and half of a bowl of cereal over the past few days so it's no wonder his stomach begins rumbling almost instantly. Wincing, Cato gingerly swings his legs over the edge of the bed and climbs to his feet. He rushes through his usual morning activities – well, as much as his injured thigh will allow him – and hobbles down the stairs to find his father, Magnus, sitting at the head of his kitchen table watching contentedly as Clove places a steaming bowl in front of him. "Smells good," Cato says with a grin, successfully stealing their attention from the food on the table. He cranes his neck to get a good look at the table and his grin widens. "Elk stew?" "Your favorite," Clove murmurs under her breath as she takes a seat to the right of his dad. "My favorite," Cato reiterates and pushes off the wall to limp towards his dinner. His father frowns at the way his left leg drags but swallows his concern when Cato shakes his head and drops into his seat without too much difficulty. "Where'd you get the elk?" "I bought it," Magnus tells him and shoots the younger people a knowing look. There are only a few hunters in D-2 permitted to hunt large game, but the Mayor never buys what they bring to market. He prefers to have the Hudson boy, a rather skilled poacher for only fifteen, drop his fresh kills in the tool shed behind his home, the Mayor's Mansion. He pays the boy twice as much as the meat in the market and subsequently keeps the whole Hudson family properly fed and clothed for a good four to six months. "Found myself a big 'ol bull and bought the whole damn thing. I didn't think you'd mind if I stashed half of it in that freezer out back." "Don't mind at all," Cato chuckles, reaching for the plate of bread next to Clove. His fingertips just barely grasp the edge of the plate and when he tries to lift it a sudden jolt of pain surges through his fingers and into his wrist, causing him to jerk back. The plate falls to the table with a clatter and Cato growls in frustration. "What happened?" Magnus asks, glancing at a concerned Clove and then back at his son. "I fell while I was camping," Cato says smoothly. It's not a complete lie, he did sleep in a tent for three nights and he did fall, but it's not really the truth either. Not that he really needs to lie for their benefit. Clove and Magnus both know what he does. In fact, his father was the one who sent him on his latest assignment. "There was a mountain lion. It didn't go down without a fight." He can tell they want more details, but it isn't safe in the house. "But you got him in the end, right?" Magnus raises an eyebrow. "Yes sir." Cato nods. "Took longer than usual, and he got in a few good scratches," he gestures to his injured leg, "but I managed to break his neck." Magnus smiles, though it doesn't really reach his eyes. "I always liked mountain lions." "Me too," Cato says, his gaze flickering to Clove. She's staring at him curiously, trying to figure out exactly what conversation he and his father aren't having, and he knows she won't be happy when she finds out which mountain lion he deposed. "I'm sure you took care of the carcass like I taught you? Didn't just leave it out for the rest of the animals to pick at?" "Of course," Cato nods again. "I did was I was trained to do." "Good." Magnus lets the subject drop and turns his attention to the bowl of stew on the table in front of him. He takes a bite before looking up at Clove, then Cato, and mutters meaningfully, "Better tuck in while it's still hot." They finish dinner in silence. Magnus helps Clove clear the table and then bids them a goodnight with a kiss on top of their heads. After he's gone, Clove returns to the kitchen to clean up and Cato watches her, smiling softly at the domesticity of it all, while lounging on the couch in the living room. When the last plate is in its place Clove wipes her wet hands off on her jeans and joins Cato in the living room. They sit in silence for a few moments, simply enjoying each other's presence, before Clove's curiosity finally gets the best of her. She nods at the back door and then helps Cato to his feet. "Thank you," Cato mutters once they're a safe distance from the house, "for taking care of me last night." "This morning," Clove corrects with a smile as they amble slowly down the winding path through the forest. It's dark out and the trail is difficult to follow, but they've navigated it enough times to know where every dip and turn is. "You were out of salve," she gestures at his leg, "or else I'd have been able to do a much better job. But Onyx and Astoria will be here in the morning anyway." Cato grins at the mention on their Stylists. As the most recent District Two