Chapter 1: First Day I tried to walk into Chemistry gracefully, but I tripped anyway. I almost hit the floor when two massive hands caught me. I looked up into my savior's face; it was unknown to me but very beautiful. "Thank you so much!" I said gratefully, not caring that he was a stranger. "No problem," he said with a slight smile. "I would rather save you from embarrassment than watch you suffer through it." "Oh, that's okay. I probably fall about three times a day," I laughed. "I'm Grace, by the way, Grace Meyers," I said to introduce myself. "It's nice to meet you Grace. I'm Emmett Cullen; I'm new," he said. "Well, it's nice to meet you too," I said to him with a smile. "And I hope you like it here at Forks High." "Oh, I'm beginning to think I will," he replied with a grin. She's so small and clumsy; those two qualities alone make her the cutest person alive at the moment. Maybe our seats will be next to each other in this class, he added to himself. I smiled a cute, flirty smile at him before going to my seat in the back of the class. When I sat down, I began to look for the homework assignment from the night before. As I was looking in one of my many folders, I noticed the seat next to me being occupied but didn't look up to continue looking for my homework. When I found the missing assignment, I placed it on the desk for Mr. Jacobs to collect. Then I looked at the beautiful creature, now known to me as Emmett, sitting next to me. I took the time to evaluate every one of his features, from his appearance to his scent. Emmett was very tall; he probably seemed like a giant compared to me. His skin was exceptionally pale, like the color of marble statues. He had dark curls and a boyish face with a hint of dimples, which emphasized his boyish features. His eyes were a light brown, honey caramel, color. He had dark purple bruise-like circles surrounding his eyes; it looked as if he hadn't slept in weeks. He was also very muscular, especially his arms, and it made him look like a Greek god. Then his scent was intoxicating, but it wasn't one that I desired; it was almost as if he weren't human. He has the strangest colored eyes. I've never seen someone with the same colored eyes as me. And the way he smells is…strange for a human, I began to think. I wonder if I'll have any more classes with him… I let my thoughts trail off. Mr. Jacobs began calling my name and pulled me away from my own thoughts. "Grace, could you give Mr. Cullen the notes from this unit so he'll be ready for the test next week?" he asked. "Yes, I can Mr. Jacobs," I replied with a smile. I turned to look at Emmett, "Do you think I could give you the notes at lunch? I left my notebook in my car this morning." "Yeah, that's fine," he said. At least if we don't have any other classes together I'll still be able to talk to her at lunch. I wonder if I can keep this from Edward… Probably not, so I'm not even going to try, he added in his thoughts. I wonder who Edward is… I really hope he isn't gay. "Okay, I'll see you at lunch then," I replied with a smile. I really hope I do have more classes with him, and then maybe I'll be able to hang out with him outside of school. I continued to listen to Mr. Jacobs' lecture on mole ratios and how to figure out how many moles are in an atom. When the bell rang, I quickly gathered my things and went to the door. To my surprise, Emmett Cullen was right on my heels. He turned in the opposite direction of me and I noticed another boy who must've been new. He had bronze hair and the same honey-caramel eyes as Emmett. I wonder if they're related, I thought before he shot a strange glance in my direction and sped off. I got to English with a significant amount of time before the bell rang and looked around. I first noticed a third boy, who had to be new, sitting across the room next to my empty desk. He was tall and had blonde hair. He, too, had those strange honey-caramel eyes. I looked around again, noticing Emmett sitting next to the door. I wonder if they stuck new kids in all of my classes, I thought to myself as I walked to my seat. She smells different than everyone else here, someone thought; I assumed it was the new kid. I wonder what she is, she clearly isn't human, but she's not one of us either , he continued. I stared blankly at him and thought, 'One of us'… What does that mean? And who is 'us'? They're human, they have to be. Ms. Andrews asked me if I could give Emmett and the tall blonde one, I learned his name was Jasper Hale, the notes. "Ms. Andrews," I said raising my hand. "Yes, Grace, how can I help you?" she asked. "I was just curious as to what notes I should start Emmett and Jasper with," I told her. "Give them the notes that start the section on homographs. I think that would be best since we're working on types of writing and structure." "Okay," I said to her before turning to Jasper and handing him my notebook turned to the correct page. "You could just give them to Emmett when you're done." After a couple of minutes I glanced over my shoulder to make sure he understood my notes. He was reading the homograph that I wrote for a class project. Hmmm, this is really good; I wonder what it's about, Jasper thought while he read it over multiple times. "What?" I asked. "Nothing," he said. "I was just wondering what made you choose hack as your word." "Well, I'm not really one for creativity when it comes to simple poems, or even sometimes stories, and I wanted to make it interesting," I told him. "Well, it's definitely interesting and very creative if I say so myself. Is this part here, You could hack at my heart, but it would be an even more distasteful and unpleasant task for you ,talking to or about anyone specific?" I wonder why he's asking so many questions. I guess it wouldn't be too bad to give him the partial truth. I hesitated before answering, "Thanks for thinking it's creative. I still have to find a creative way to display it. And it is about someone; a guy that I had a relationship with. Things just didn't work out… for either of us," I explained. "So you're an emotional writer?" he asked curiously. She can't stay calm all the time , he thought. How does he know I'm calm? I wondered to myself. "Yeah, I guess. Since I don't really like writing poetry I use things that are good or sometimes tragic to inspire my writing. A lot of the times it's something tragic like when I died," I said. "Uhm, you…died?" he asked awkwardly. Oh now she becomes nervous? he added to himself. Uh-oh… I think I let too much out this time. "Did I say 'I died'? I actually meant to say my sister. I use her death as inspiration sometimes. I know the stuff comes out kind of sad, but I think the sad poems are sometimes the best ones out there," I lied. I had died, mostly. "Oh, okay…" he said. At that moment the bell rang and Jasper and Emmett were out the door before it finished ringing. As I walked to the locker room for gym I tried to sort things out. Emmett doesn't smell like the rest of the humans here…neither does Jasper for that matter. And how would Jasper know how I'm feeling? Unless…that's not possible; they wouldn't be able to be in a school of humans. I stopped to look around for more new students. I just wish I could shake hands with one of them or have one of them think of what they are. This is going to be a very long day , I thought walking into the locker room. In the locker room, everyone was thinking about another new student; a girl. Apparently she was in the same gym period as us. I walked out into the open gym and spotted the girl they were all thinking about, she was walking towards me. She was about my height, probably no more than five feet. Her eyes were also the same strange honey caramel color as Emmett. She had brown hair that spiked out to the sides, in a pixie-like manner. She was trying to figure out how she would introduce herself. She decided on the more traditional, "Hi, I'm Alice," she said. I just looked at her, confused. Why is she introducing herself to me? "Hi, I'm Grace; it's nice to meet you" Wow, Emmett didn't give her enough credit. She's beautiful. And the only person who isn't in awe of my appearance , she thought cheerily. He talks about me? Wait, she knows Emmett? I guess that explains the similar eyes… I let my thoughts trail off to listen. "Today we're going to be playing some baseball outside. I want you all to organize into two equal teams," Couch Clapp explained. He really liked playing baseball; we played whenever it wasn't raining hard. I chose the team with Alice on it; I wanted to find out more about her family and Emmett. As we lined up to bat I asked her, "Is today your first day, too?" She looked at me like I already knew the answer, but she answered anyway. "Yes, my brothers and sister just moved here three days ago." "Does that mean you're Emmett's sister?" I asked already knowing the answer to that too. She smiled at me like I had missed something, "Yes, but we're not really related; we were all adopted by Carlisle. I have two other brothers, Jasper and Edward, and my sister Rosalie. Rosalie and Jasper are twins; they're Esme's sister's children. Edward, Emmett, and I were found at various orphanages," she explained. "Wow," I said, "I didn't know there would so many new students are Forks High today." She laughed. "Emmett said you were funny. I think we're going to be pretty good friends," she said smiling at me. The gym period felt like it went on for hours. Alice and I both scored two home runs and won the game for our team. After class she invited me to sit with her and her family at lunch. "Sorry," I said, "I have to get Emmett the notes from Chemistry and then I'm going to eat with a few other friends. How about we rain check for tomorrow?" "Okay, that sounds good," she said smiling. I changed quickly so I could go to my car before lunch. I walked into the cafeteria and spotted my table where Marissa was sitting waiting for Kevin and Dennis. Did Alice say that Emmett said I was funny? So that must mean that he talks about me, right? I wonder what that means , I thought to myself as I walked to set my stuff on the table. "Hey Maris, what's up?" I asked taking out my Chemistry binder. "Hey, nothing just reading Jane Eyre for English," she replied putting her book down. "What about you?" "Same here, I guess. I have to go over to the table with the new students and give Emmett my Chemistry stuff," I explained. She looked at me with worried eyes, "Okay. Grace?" she asked. "Yeah,