Fiery Spark By SparklyTree3876 Rating: R Genre: Romance Pairing: Edward/Bella Author's Notes: Hi, readers. Here is my very first Twilight one shot. It is an AU piece where Edward is a vampire on the prowl for a human woman to mate with and impregnate as it is mating season for his kind and finds Bella to be the one for him. I got this idea for this one shot when I was reading about male vampires fathering children with human women. Then I started thinking about vampires having a mating season. As a result, this one shot was born. Edward and Bella's backgrounds are completely different, as are any Twilight characters that appear. I keep some of the features of Twilight vampires while adding my own, including the mating season. The year it is set in is 2008. Since this one shot has sexual content, I advise that you don't read it if it makes you feel uncomfortable. Otherwise, you may read at your own risk. I hope you enjoy this one shot. Constructive criticism is welcome. XXXXX Clouds covered half the mid-evening sky above Oak Cove in southern Alberta, Canada in late April. Edward Cullen sat at a table next to the window at Lars Café, which was medium-sized and had tables with anywhere from two to six chairs scattered throughout the front of it. Booths could be seen further toward the back. An employee approached him, and he looked up. "Any exciting news, sir?" she asked. "Not really," he answered and folded the newspaper. "At least it won't be raining over the next several days." "That's good. Springtime can be such a bitch with all these storms," the employee mumbled nervously. "Some even contain tornadoes. Canada doesn't get many, but we did have our first F5 tornado in Manitoba last year." "I've heard of that. It appeared small throughout its lifespan. I hope Murfreesboro, Tennessee never gets hit by a violent tornado, but you never know," Edward commented with a small smile. "That's where I live." She chuckled. "That's a nice place to live. Anyway, I better get back to work." He winked at her. "Sure. See you later." Edward laid the newspaper on the table and looked ahead. He wasn't a normal man. He was a vampire looking for a human woman as it was mating season. Humans and vampires had coexisted peacefully since the latter became known to the world during the Middle Ages. These vampires weren't like those of legend. They could go out into the sun and couldn't be killed by wooden stakes, garlic, holy water, etc. Their skin was very hard. They were stronger than humans were. They were changed by having venom injected into their bloodstream through bites from others. They were frozen at the ages at the time of transformation, which usually took three days. Some had special abilities. For the first year, vampires were powerful physically. Their strength decreased as the venom replaced all their blood. They were divided into two kinds, animal blood drinkers and human blood drinkers. The former had golden brown eyes while the latter had red eyes. Their eyes turned black when they were thirsty. Males retained their ability to have children while females didn't due to their bodies needing to change in order to bear them. The only sure way to kill a vampire was to tear it apart and burn the pieces. Every spring, male vampires entered into a state where they had an urge to mate with and impregnate human women. This would last until the end of summer. Some males had female vampires as mates, but the latter rarely had a problem with the former satisfying their urges. In fact, the females often helped the mothers with their children. Vampire/human offspring were referred to as dhampirs and grew at the normal rate of human children. They stopped aging at eighteen and could live for centuries. They occasionally developed special abilities, yet they didn't have vampire weaknesses. Their mothers often decided to become vampires themselves. Males had the ability to sense their lovers had conceived minutes after it happened by putting their hands on their abdomens. It was difficult for males to find suitable human women for mates. Before his change, Edward worked as a doctor in Lexington, Kentucky. He was robbed at gunpoint by six men while walking down the sidewalk following dinner at Waffle House in October 1997. The men took him into an alley and brutally beat him within an inch of his life. They left him to die. A young male vampire named Ryan Livingston found him and changed him to save his life. The transformation lasted three days. Ryan taught him everything he needed to know about being a vampire. This included the urges male vampires experienced during mating season and feeding on animal blood. Three years later, Edward left Ryan and moved to Murfreesboro, Tennessee, where he continued his career. He had come to Canada in hopes of finding his mate. Edward heard the bell ring and looked toward the door to see Bella Swan walk in with a backpack on her back and a duffel bag containing her clothes over her shoulder. He realized she was a hitchhiker. He'd seen hitchhikers come and go throughout his years. He kept his attention on her as she approached the cash register. A cashier walked up to her with a big smile on his face. "Good evening, ma'am. What can I get you tonight?" the cashier asked. "I'd like a large black coffee to go, sir," Bella answered. He nodded at her. "Sure." The cashier went out of sight. He reappeared with a large paper cup and a top. He laid them down next to the coffeemaker. He got the kettle and started pouring coffee. Edward emitted a soft, lustful growl as Bella moved her head from side to side, tossing her hair about. He saw her as the perfect woman for him to mate with. In fact, his eyes appeared to be saying, 'Mine. Mine.' Bella pulled her hair behind her neck. She had worked in Forks, Washington as a high school teacher. After celebrating her birthday around this time last year, she decided to go on a hitchhiking adventure across the United States and Canada. Most people she rode with were very friendly. Some were rude. Others just gave her a lift since they were on their way to the town she wanted to see. Bella heard stories about vampires when she was a child, especially those involving the males mating with and impregnating human women. She never gave them much thought as she had never seen one in person herself. She considered grading papers to be more important than listening to stories about the supernatural. The cashier stopped pouring coffee once the cup was nearly full. He returned the kettle to the coffeemaker before placing the top on. He sang nonsense and made funny noises, which made Bella laugh. He took the cup to her, laying it in front of her. He typed in the price. "That'll be one dollar and thirty cents, ma'am," the cashier announced. "Okay," Bella said and set her bag down. She reached into her pocket to get a two-dollar Canadian coin. She handed that to him, and he typed in the amount and rung it up. He got her change. "Seventy cents is your change," the cashier said and gave her the change. "Thank you. Have a nice night." "You too," Bella replied and put her change in her pocket. She grabbed her coffee. "Thanks for the coffee." Edward observed the young woman picking up her bag and putting it over her shoulder. She went out the door. He decided to make his move and stood up. He headed outside and followed her into the parking lot. He caught up to her next to his black car, which was a Mercedes and somewhat faded, near the street. He put his arm around her body. He placed his hand over her mouth. Bella let out a muffled scream as she struggled against the vampire's grip to no avail. He brought his other hand to her neck. He pressed a spot on it, causing her to lose consciousness. She ended up dropping her bag and coffee in which the latter spilled everywhere once it hit the pavement. He laid her down on her side and got out his keys, which contained an automatic alarm device. He pressed the button that unlocked the doors and opened the one behind the driver's side. He scooped her into his arms, putting her in the backseat. He grabbed her bag to put it in there. He closed the door. He got into the car and started the engine. He pulled out of the lot and drove away. No one witnessed what had just happened. 00000 Bella moaned softly and stirred a little bit. She opened her eyes, only to be met with blurry vision. She blinked three times to clear them. She found she was lying on a king-sized bed in a medium-sized first-floor room at Lark Hotel. Its number was one-three-one. She wasn't sure how long she'd been out. She ran her hand over her hair. She pushed herself into a sitting position. She looked around and found the room had beige walls, a pine dresser, pine nightstands, and a TV. She also saw a mirror toward the back with a bathroom next to it. A closet was across from the bathroom. The floor was covered in beige carpet. Her eyes settled on Edward, who was sitting on a couch a short distance away from the bed. She gasped in fear. He rose to his feet and made way toward her. She backed up against the headboard as he sat down on the bed. She looked into his eyes. "You're a vampire. I've heard stories about those with eyes like yours. You drink animal blood," she whispered, her body trembling somewhat. "Yes, I do," he responded and reached up to touch her face. "You're so beautiful, young, and vibrant." He inhaled deeply. "You smell so sweet too." "I'd rather smell sweet than stink like a fish," Bella whispered, biting her lip. "Ugh. I hate fish too." "I used to love fish until I became a vampire," Edward commented, caressing her cheek with his thumb. "What is your name?" She tensed somewhat. She didn't want to tell him her name, but she knew it'd be rude not to. She took slow yet even breaths. "My name is Isabella Swan, but I go by Bella," Bella said quietly. "That's a beautiful name. My name is Edward Cullen," Edward said calmly. He became serious and leaned close to her ear. "Listen to me. You belong to me. I am going to mate with and impregnate you. Do you accept this?" She swallowed hard. She knew she wasn't getting out of this. "Yes, I do." He kissed the spot underneath her ear. "Good." Edward pulled back to look at Bella. He kissed her passionately. He slid his hand to her neck and brought the other one to it. He coaxed her lips to open with his tongue in which it and hers touched very lightly. She let out an ecstatic moan. She knew she should be resisting him, but she couldn't. In fact, she didn't want to. She slipped her arms around his neck. Her heart pounded in her chest. In fact, it seemed it would leap out and land on the floor any second. Electricity jolted up and down their spines. It shot through their bodies at a very rapid rate. He trailed his lips to her neck and licked at it. She moaned ecstatically again while leaning her head back. She slid her fingers into his hair, grabbing fistfuls of it. She appeared ready to yank it out. He made his way to her pulse point and began sucking on it. He really wanted to bite her and