Shower Passion By SparklyTree3876 Rating: R Genre: Romance Pairing: Edward/Bella Author's Notes: Hi, readers. Here is another Twilight one shot featuring Edward and Bella. It is an AU and AH piece focusing on them getting intimate in the shower after waking up in the morning. I came up with this idea when I thought about them doing it in the shower. As a result, this one shot was born. It takes place in 2011. Since it has sexual content, do not read if it makes you uncomfortable. Otherwise, read at your own risk. Go check out my other three smutty Edward/Bella one shots "Fiery Spark," "Desire Unbound," and "Kitchen Romp." I'd love to hear what you thought of them. If you like them enough, you can put them in your favorites lists. I hope you like this one shot. Any constructive criticism is welcome. XXXXX The early morning sun beamed its rays on a neighborhood in Raleigh, North Carolina in mid-June. Trees dipped and swayed in the wind. One tapped on a second-floor window at the Cullen-Swan residence. Edward moaned softly in his sleep as he lay on his back on his and Bella's king-sized bed in their room. He opened his eyes slowly, only to find blurry vision. He blinked four times to clear them. He sat up and looked around the large room, which had tan walls, oak nightstands, a pine dresser, and a TV. A desk containing a computer with a cable modem attached to the wall was off in the corner. A mirror hung on the closet door. Tan carpet covered the floor. The house was large with three bedrooms and two bathrooms of which one of the latter was in this room. His eyes settled on Bella, who lay on her side asleep. He smiled, thinking she looked like an angel. He didn't want to wake her up, yet he found himself unable to resist. He scooted over to her and laid on his side. He planted gentle kisses on her shoulder. She stirred somewhat, but she didn't wake up. He smirked and pulled her hair aside. He started kissing her neck. She woke up with a soft moan. He pulled back as she turned over. He received a smile from her. "You just had to wake me up, didn't you?" she asked, a giggle coming out of her mouth. "Yes, I did," he said, tickling her nose. "How are you this morning, my little angel?" She pushed her bangs out of her eyes. "I'm feeling great. What about you?" He chuckled. "I feel great too. Not once did I think playing badminton in our backyard would wear me out to the point where I slept for most of the night." "Neither did I, but I'm glad it did," Bella agreed and propped her head up with her elbow. "It was a fun game." She flicked his chin. "I beat you three times in a row." "Yes, but I beat you four times," Edward said, smugness showing on his face. "Don't get smug," Bella warned sternly. "It'll bite you on the ass." "Yes, Mother," Edward said sarcastically. Bella smacked her boyfriend on the shoulder. She moved to Raleigh in April 2008. Before then, she worked as a nurse in Nashville, Tennessee. She met Edward, who worked as a mechanic and lived in another neighborhood, when they accidentally bumped into each other at a movie theater of which they both went to see The Dark Knight. They started dating not long after. After two-and-a-half years of dating, he decided to move in with her. Bella pushed her bangs out of her face. Edward ran his finger up and down his girlfriend's nose. He tickled it, making her giggle. He looked toward her shoulder to see the strap of her white nightgown had fallen off. He gestured toward it. She gazed at it and slipped it back on her shoulder. She shifted her attention back to him. "It wasn't too long ago that living together without being married first was seen as wrong. Nowadays, most people just don't care," Bella whispered in relief. "So true. Still, I hate it when people tell us we are living in sin," Edward muttered frustratingly. "We're not hurting anyone by living together unmarried. I'm happy with our life." "So am I," Bella agreed and snorted quietly. "What we do is our business. It's no one else's." She yawned. Edward hissed in some anger. "What's crazy is some people see everything as a sin, especially women and sexuality." He rolled his eyes. "One such person is Margaret White from Carrie. She actually claimed that menstruation was a sin. I have no doubt she thought the same of an erection," she commented, emitting a loud scoff. "Sexuality isn't sinful. It's a natural part of human nature. It should be expressed freely, not suppressed," he replied, touching her cheek lightly. "Yes, it should. No matter what anyone says, we are not moving into separate homes," Bella declared. "That's right. This is our home. Of course, it was your home before I moved in," Edward said truthfully. Bella giggled delightfully. "Yes, it is. Still, I'm glad you are here with me." Edward and Bella kissed tenderly and rubbed noses. He ran his fingers through her hair before cupping her chin in his hand. "I love you so much," Edward whispered lovingly. "I love you too," Bella replied and planted a kiss on his nose. "I'm going to take a shower." "I'll just stay here and relax," Edward said and laid on his back. He put his hands behind his head as she sat up. "Don't get too relaxed," Bella warned, holding up a finger. "You don't want to miss breakfast, do you?" She raised an eyebrow. "No," Edward said, shaking his head. "Good," Bella answered with a smile. She flicked his chin twice. "I shouldn't be too long." Bella stood up and headed to the dresser. She opened the first drawer to pull out dark blue shorts, a light blue t-shirt, and white underwear. She pushed it shut and went into the medium-sized bathroom. She closed the door very lightly. She approached the toilet to set her clothes on top of it. She turned on the showerhead in the shower stall before grabbing a towel from the closet. The shower stall filled rapidly with steam. She placed the towel on the rack above the toilet. She removed her nightgown and her red underwear. She stepped into the shower stall and closed the glass door, which made its hinges squeak. She leaned her head back to wet her hair. She looked toward the shampoo in the corner. She was about to lean down to pick it up when she heard a knock on the door. She gazed at it to find Edward standing before it. She opened it. He smiled at her while holding a red t-shirt, red shorts, and white underwear in his hand. "Would you mind if I joined you?" he wondered. She shook her head. "Not at all." Bella stepped forward two paces. Edward laid his clothes on the toilet lid. He took off his white t-shirt, blue shorts, and white underwear. He went into the shower stall. He closed the door. He leaned his head back, wetting his hair. She was about to lean down for the shampoo when he grabbed her shoulders. She looked over her shoulder at him. He started to kiss her jaw. "Edward, I'd like to—" she started. She felt him capture her lips in a kiss. He slid his tongue into her mouth as he pressed his crotch into her butt. She moaned quietly. "You're such a sexy little thing," he whispered, sliding his hands over her breasts. He fondled them before giving them hard squeezes. He smiled when he heard her groan. "Yes, let it all out." "Make love to me right now, Edward," Bella growled intensely. "Oh, I will, Bella," Edward responded, nibbling on her ear. "I will." He spun her around, kissing her passionately. They wrapped their arms around each other, their tongues touching and fighting for control. Electricity coursed up and down their spines before shooting through their bodies at a rapid rate. Their hearts beat so hard that it seemed they would leap out of their chests and land next to them. They groaned into each other's mouths. He pushed her toward the tiled wall, smiling against her lips when he heard her grunt after she hit it. He put one leg between her, holding her in place. He nuzzled her jaw before planting kisses on it. He traveled down to her neck. She alternated between licking at and sucking on it. He made his way to her earlobe. He proceeded to nibble on it. She screamed excitedly, becoming louder when he increased the pressure somewhat. She took hold of his neck as if trying to keep herself from losing it. Edward captured Bella's lips in a possessive kiss. He touched her breasts, fondling them. He teased the nipples with his thumbs, hardening them. He kissed her neck. She leaned her head back, a moan leaving her mouth. He delivered a hard bite to her neck, making her gasp painfully. She sighed in relief when the pain faded. She had no doubt she'd have a mark there, but she couldn't care less. She had no problem with him giving her marks all over her body. He dropped to his knees to kiss her stomach. She touched his head very gently while leaning hers back. She swallowed hard at his dipping his tongue into her navel. He moved his hands to her breasts. He fondled them slowly yet surely. She let out a gasping moan. She shuddered ecstatically at his squeezing them hard. The fire started to build within them. "Oh, my handsome Edward," she said huskily. He kissed her stomach again. "Yes, my beautiful Bella. Yes." Edward touched Bella's entrance, smiling at her delighted gasps. He proceeded to fondle the loose folds of her sex. She squeezed her eyes shut as his thumb stroked her clit. She moved her hips with his motions, crying out in great pleasure as she came. She became so lost in it that she couldn't bring herself to breathe at all. She came down from her high, a sated feeling flowing through her body. She looked down at him to see him looking up at her. She noticed he was smiling and realized he wasn't done with her. He gazed at her inner left thigh. He kissed it lightly. He nibbled on it, upping the pressure somewhat. She screamed loudly when he bit down on it. He looked toward her inner right thigh to give it the same amount of attention. She emitted a soft yet excited groan. He shifted his attention to her entrance and rubbed his face against it. He kissed it three times before teasing it with his tongue. He slid it up and down the flesh. He shoved it inside to fondle her sex ravenously. He put her right leg over his left shoulder, which gave him better leverage. Bella whimpered while bracing her hands against the wall. Her whimpering grew in volume, and she balled them into fists when Edward began fondling her clit with his tongue. She moved her hips with his motions. He upped his speed, his arm wrapping around her leg. She increased her pace as she squeezed her eyes shut. She screamed as she came. She became so lost in it that she was unable to breathe. She came down from her high, the same sated feeling going throughout her body. "I love it when you eat me up. It turns me on even more," Bella said, her breathing coming out in shudders. She opened her eyes. "I'm glad it does," Edward responded and put her leg down. He stood up and kissed her. "You taste sweeter every time I lap you up." "You're right," Bella agreed and