A/N: This is a fun little one-shot written by myself and RachelFish for the Ruggeddom Contest. We had a blast writing all about Ruggedward, and we ended up winning first place in the judges' vote and first place in the public's vote! We're so excited, as neither of us has ever won anything before! Since we've had a lot of questions, we will be expanding/continuing this story very soon. Thanks so much for reading! It's hot and crowded, neither of which is my thing. It's not that I don't like people. I do. It's just that I like them in small doses. Aside from my best friend Alice Brandon, most of my friends live inside the tattered pages of the books lining the walls of my living room. Second Sunday is an exception I make each month, when the main road in my area of Seattle closes down for the day, creating a festival-like atmosphere. The food's good and the music's better, and it's a tradition Alice and I have had for years. We come to eat and drink, shop the sales, and listen to small-time bands looking for a big break. "Watch it, lady," a frat kid beside me murmurs when my elbow taps his beer. "Lady?" I scoff. "Seriously? I'm, like, a few years older than you." His eyes scan my neatly combed ponytail and basic cotton shirt before they crinkle in confusion. He shrugs as if he doesn't understand the point I'm trying to make. Asshole. I search the crowd once more, hoping to see Alice's bright tanktop amid the sea of too much skin. Her command that I save our spot while she grabbed drinks felt like a bad idea when she suggested it. I should have known better than to separate myself from her in a crowd this size. As I scan the crush of people for what feels like the twentieth time, something cold and wet touches the back of my leg, and I shriek and jump. A happy dog with its tongue hanging from the side of its mouth springs up and plants its big paws on my hip. My eyes trail up its long, red leash to land on a big, masculine hand, a well-defined forearm, a strong bicep… The dog's owner is shockingly handsome in a striking yet rough way—perfect, even. His fitted t-shirt hugs his broad chest, and the stubble on his face proves he hasn't seen a razor in days. I check to make sure I'm not drooling before I shoot visual daggers his way. He shrugs a wide shoulder unapologetically, tugging lightly on the leash. "I guess he likes you." I rub the soft fur around the dog's neck and lower his paws to the ground gently. "Nobody's taught you any manners, have they, buddy?" His tail wags at the playful sound of my voice, and I grin, stooping down to scratch behind his ears. "Hey, now." His owner laughs. "Diesel's very well mannered." He wraps the leash around his hand a few times and lowers himself to our level. "He just has a thing for pretty girls, don't you, boy?" He avoids Diesel's wet tongue while I roll my eyes. "Oh," I say, wiping my hands on my thighs and getting back to my feet. "I get it." "You do?" He follows suit, and the dog waits obediently at his feet. "Yep. I've seen your kind before." "My kind?" "You." I wave my hand in his direction. "With your dog and your lines." "My dog and my…lines?" "This is probably your thing ." I curl my fingers in the air to mark the word. "You get all…spiffy, and then the two of you go out and pick up girls." His eyebrows climb as his smile widens. "You think I'm spiffy?" "It wasn't a compliment," I reply dryly. His cocky attitude makes any thoughts I had of his handsome face dissolve in the charged atmosphere. "Listen, lady ." His grin is incorrigible, and I grapple with feelings of embarrassment and irritation that he overheard my earlier interaction with the frat kid. It seems I can't win today. I cross my arms over my chest and glare at him, waiting for him to continue. "Despite what you think, I didn't train Diesel to pick up girls ." His air quotes mimic mine. "I've heard it all before, Mister." "Mister?" He laughs, a full-blown guffaw. "Who says that?" "Those of us with manners," I grind out. "That's who." "Sure, lady. Whatever you say." I stomp my sandaled foot in exasperation. "Would you knock it off with the 'lady' crap? I have a name." He feigns surprise, and his eyes twinkle in amusement. "You do?" "Asshole," I murmur for the second time today. "That's an interesting name." "Oh, my—you're really something, you know that? What are you even doing here?" He looks around in confusion. "I'm here to see the band. Isn't that what we're all doing here?" "Obviously. I meant, what're you even doing here ? In my space." "Oh. Yeah." He shrugs, pointing to the mound of fur at his side. "This guy. He likes you." "Sure. Listen…" I search my brain for his name and come up short. "Uh…" "Edward." He sticks his hand out, and I shake it, ignoring its warmth and roughness and the way it nearly doubles mine in size. "Right. Edward. Listen, let's just pretend this never—" "And you are?" "Oh. Uh…Bella. I'm Bella." "That's much nicer than asshole." "Wow." I roll my eyes at his predictability. "If you'll excu—" "Hey, do you know that girl?" he interrupts, pointing to the sea of people behind me. "I think she's calling you." It takes me a moment, but sure enough, he's right. It's Alice, and she's pushing her way through the crowd with impressive speed. I'm so happy to see her I could cry. "God, Alice, what happened?" I hug her as soon as she's close enough, crushing the cans of beer she's holding between us. She eyes me worriedly, the second person today to look at me as though I'm slow. "I went to get our beers." She holds mine out to me, giving it a small shake. "Remember?" "Ah, she drinks." Edward appears at my side, that goofy dog with his overly large tongue staring up at me. "I didn't take you for a drinker." I grab my beer from Alice and narrow my eyes at him. "Do you mind?" He mistakes my dismissal for permission, waving his hand to the side in allowance. "Not at all. Go right ahead." "Bella." Alice draws my name out slowly. "Aren't you going to introduce me to your new friend?" "Hi there," he says, stepping over my opportunity to answer her. "I'm Edward." He shakes her hand and nods to the dog. "This is Diesel." "Charmed," Alice says, raising an eyebrow and shrinking back a bit. She's a cat person. A tall guy with shaggy, blond hair edges his way into our personal space then, thrusting his hand in my friend's direction. "Jasper Whitlock," he says with a hint of Southern drawl. Alice's countenance changes immediately. She may not like dogs, but she loves shaggy-haired blond guys. Guys in general, really. "Hello, boys," she purrs. I envy my friend's confidence. She's never met a stranger she couldn't chat up, and apparently these random guys are no exception. I sigh heavily as the three of them exchange yet another round of handshakes. Street fairs and festivals are common in Alice's line of work. Her job as a talent scout means she's always on the hunt for new, up-and-coming musicians, and my job as her friend means I tag along. Unfortunately, this also means that I'm continually subjected to the legions of hipsters and weirdos that Alice tends to attract. These two, though… "Do you mind moving over a bit?" I shout into Edward's ear a short while later. Alice and Jasper are engaged in a deep conversation, and her massive designer bag keeps whopping me in the back. Edward places his palm against my lower back and helps me shuffle toward the open spot in front of him. I can't see the band as well, but Diesel's presence provides a wide berth between me and the rest of the gatherers, and it's a tradeoff I'm perfectly happy to make. As the crowd swells and the sun begins to set, alcohol loosens inhibitions, and the energy level rises. The music is good, and experiencing it from the center of a pulsing sea of bodies is nearly euphoric. This band's future is bright if the gleam in Alice's eye is any indication. Edward's hand grazes my hip occasionally, guiding my body from side to side in an attempt to dodge enthusiastic jumpers and swayers. "Thanks," I mouth, when he uses his arm to politely deflect an incoming beachball that's been lobbed overhead. His formerly dark hair shines gold in the light of the setting sun, and kisses of pink line the bridge of his nose and the smooth skin beneath his eyes. Under the influence of alcohol and music, I'm able to admit that he's much more than just a tight t-shirt and a scruffy jaw. He's downright gorgeous. He smiles in return, his hand squeezing my hip gently, and I'm surprised by how easily I find myself relaxing into him. It's almost enough to make me forget about his infuriating smug nature. Almost. I'll never see him again, I reason. Might as well enjoy the moment while it lasts. Weeks later, I've had it. I'm sick and tired of picking trash out of my flower beds, an unfortunate result of sharing my street with a new home development in the middle of construction. Fed up—and clutching a bag of collected debris to prove it—I watch the grass from my front yard fade to gravel and dirt as I march closer to the worksite, my feet kicking up little clouds of dust with each carefully measured step. It's a disaster zone over here. A total wreck. A massive pickup truck is parked haphazardly in the yet-to-be-poured driveway, its bed overflowing with tools and gear. I consider just throwing the bag of trash in and leaving, but I doubt its owner would even notice additional junk on top of the heaping pile of…well, junk. Scaffolding surrounds the newly bricked exterior of the house, and several sweaty guys sit perched atop its beams. The sound of their hammering slowly fades away as I draw nearer to the hole where the front door will eventually be. Someone whistles, setting off a chain of whoops and howls. "Ugh," I mutter. "Pigs." It's cooler inside the house and surprisingly bright. My steps falter slightly when I notice the span of floor-to-ceiling windows covering the entire back wall of the room off the kitchen. It's an impressive view made spectacular by the way each section of glass appears to frame the scene behind it. "Hello?" My voice carries across the empty house's hard surfaces, bouncing around slightly and making me wince. I'm looking for the person in charge here, not trying to draw the entire crew of hecklers inside. Music spills from a hallway off the living room, and I follow the sound like a trail, stopping at the open door of a large room in the back. Yet another sweaty guy hunkers over a massive piece of machinery in the center of the room, his hands rapidly transferring marks from his tape measure to the piece of wood he's holding. "Excuse me." A loud electric saw drowns my words before I can get them out. Annoyed, I pick my way carefully over boards, sawdust, and nails to tap him on his shirtless shoulder, tamping down the buzz that flashes through me when I touch his tanned, muscled back. "Excuse me!" I repeat loudly. "Yeah?" The guy turns slowly to face me, slipping his pencil behind his ear. "You really shouldn't be out here in