Hi there! This was my entry for the Control. Possess. Seduce. Contest. Though it wasn't a winner, I was blown away with the reviews and love for the story. So, whether you've followed the story from the contest or you're reading it fresh, THANK YOU! It amazes me that anyone takes the time to read my shit at all! But you're all amazing, and I'm grateful you're here. Thank you to my wonderful Beta's on this story, Jayhawkbb and owlsarebirdstoo, who kept me from making a fool of myself with my terrible punctuation. (Honestly, I suck.) Thank you, both! You're awesome ;D Oh, and also? If you havent checked it out allready, Please head over to the Control. Possess. Seduce. Contest and read the outstanding entries! The talent was unreal, and the stories are pretty spellbinding. Without further ado... Elastic Heart Well, I've got thick skin and an elastic heart But your blade-It might be too sharp I'm like a rubber band until you pull too hard Yeah, I may snap and I move fast." -Sia, Elastic Heart. "This was the last time." "Okay, Sugar." I cringe at the stupid fucking name and pull on my underwear. My discarded dress is next, along with the stiletto heels I hate. At least the grey, boring pea coat makes me look professional, or so the store assistant told me What a crock. "I'm serious," I tell him without looking back. Instead, I'm staring into the mirror, trying to convince myself I'm better than this. I'm better than a secret motel fuck. "Sure thing," he laughs from the bed, and when I turn to look, he's the image of smugness. "I'll call you during the week. Set a time to meet up." He thinks I'll be back. I probably will be. I don't tell him this, though. I won't give him the satisfaction. Instead, I throw a glare in his direction before storming out of the sleazy motel room. . . . . "How's the job going?" "Fine," I mutter, biting into a large forkful of lasagna. "I don't know why you don't just come work at the car lot. It'll belong to you one day, anyway." My dad shrugs, checking his perfectly gelled hair in the reflection of his spoon. Mom's not here. Business meeting, she claimed, but Dad and I both know she's screwing around with Mr. Weber. It doesn't bother good ol' Charlie, though, because he's banging Esme Cullen; he has been for over a decade. It seems I fall in the same category as my parents when it comes to lying and infidelity. I'm a fucking pro. "Because I want something for myself," I answer. "Real estate is booming right now. I can get a perfect location for a studio downtown." "Pfft. You don't even have any staff yet," he scoffs, like I'm an idiot. "I'm working on it," I grit. I stand up to clear my plate, but when I move, Charlie clicks his fingers. I slump as Carmen, one of our four waitresses, rushes in to to clear our plates. She smiles politely, and I try to smile back, but I'm sickened by my pretentious father rolling his eyes behind her. Clearly, Carmen isn't moving quickly enough for his liking. When she leaves, I turn to him. "I can clean my own plate." "Well, you don't have to," he states, like it's obvious. "That's what she's paid for. To serve you." I scoff in disgust. "I'm going to bed." "It's eight-thirty," he calls as I leave the dining room. I don't even bother answering. Once I'm in my room, I head straight for my jewellery box. Given to me years ago by a boy I thought I'd always have, I keep the wooden trinket close to me always. It's the only honest gift I've ever been given. My Girl, Forever. Forever didn't exactly pan out. It's stupid really. I based it all on him at one point. All of my sanity, my self-control. That small thread that kept me from tipping over the edge. What I realise now, is that the thread was non-existent. Control? I have none. I lost it way before I lost him. Now? I just drift. I lift the lid, sparing a moment to watch the ballerina spin her little dance before I pull out the hidden compartment. I smile spitefully when I see the bag, but waste no time in pulling it out and emptying it out on my bedside drawer. I pull my credit card out and push it down, dicing and separating until I have two little white lines, neat and promising. I shoot one and then the other, and fall back to the mattress, awaiting my numbness. . . . . "Where the fuck have you been?" "Working." I mumble, avoiding her eyes. But I let her loop her arm through mine as we walk down the street. "You missed my party." Rosalie Cullen pouts, and I smile at her. I can't resist. "Sorry." I shrug. "It's been crazy, you know? Uhm, how was it?" I start to drown her out as she tells me all about the lavish party she threw at her parents' estate over the weekend. We're pretty pathetic. Most kids move out and head to college after they graduate high school. Not Rose and I. We come from a different breed. With parents who have more money than sense, we decided to hang around and utilize their assets for all they're worth. At twenty, I'm over it. Rose is still living the pampered life. "…Oh! I almost forgot." She stops me with a smirk. "The Masen boys are back." I don't blink. "Since when?" "They got in last Tuesday night, apparently." She continues walking with me behind her. "And man, Emmett grew up so fine. I mean, his arms… they're huge. Like-" "Rose," I snap. "Alright, jeez." She huffs, flippng her perfectly curled blonde hair. "According to gossip, Emmett tore up some muscle in his leg and can't play for two months. Edward, being the stand up brother," she snorts sarcastically, "is taking care of him." About five years ago, the Masen brothers practically ruled our little town. What's weird was they didn't come from money, like most of the socialites on this end of Forks, Washington. But they knew the important stuff. Like where to score good weed, and where to find an abandoned warehouse to set up. They knew how to party like kings. And they did. Hard. "He was asking about you." Rose smiles, turning to me. "What about me?" I'm skeptical. "How you were. If you're still mad at him." I scoff. I hadn't exactly ended on a brilliant note with the younger of the Masen brothers. I vaguely remember calling him an arrogant prick and him calling me a two-bit whore. That's pretty much the gist of the last time we spoke. "They're throwing a party in a few weeks." She throws it out like its nothing, picking at her acrylics, but she knows deep down, to me, it's everything. "Cool," I don't bother asking where. She'll slip up eventually. . . . . "You're late," my boss barks as I enter the small, two person office. He's not really mad. He's just pissed he didn't get more time to ogle my ass. I've just taken off my coat, and he's at my back, body pressed against mine and hot breath on my neck. "I told you this was over." I lean back against him, betraying my words. "But it's not. Not when it's this good." He kisses my neck, but I don't tingle. I turn to face him, all blond hair and blue eyes and so familiar it makes my head hurt. "I can't keep doing this. If she finds out…" I can't even finish the thought. Rose would hate me forever. "She won't." He smiles, not a care in the world. "Now, take off your shirt." "Carlisle…" I'm silenced when he kisses me, and when he pushes me up against the wall, I push my fears to the back of my mind and just feel. Even if I don't feel any tingles. . . . . It's three weeks before I hear anything from him. I'm leaving the house, already late for work, when my cellphone rings. I'm juggling around the folders in my arms, squirming until I find my phone. "Hello?" I say, a little breathless. "Hey." The folders drop from my arms, and I go still. I'm frozen, with the phone still glued to my ear, but inside I'm burning hot. My cheeks flame and my heart races. I roll my eyes. All he did was say Hey, for Christ's sake. "Yo, Bella. You there?" He calls through the receiver. "Yeah, I'm here." I clear my throat. "I just dropped something." "Oh." He's quiet for a second. "So, what are you up to?" Seriously? "Heading to work. I'm actually late, so…" I know I sound like a bitch. I can hear it in his irritated sigh, and God, I've missed that sound. "Well, I just got back into town-" "Three weeks ago," I blurt out, slapping a hand over my mouth to stop anymore bullshit spewing out. "You been checking up on me?" he asks, and I can practically hear the smirk behind the tone. "You know Rose." I tell him, still mentally berating myself. "Can I take you out to lunch?" My heart races. "I can't today. I'm really busy, sorry." "Okay, how about tomorrow?" he persists. "Uh, no. Can't." I can't even give him a good excuse, because every word out of my mouth is a lie. Work isn't busy. I can meet for lunch. Problem is, I want it too much. And that's unacceptable. "Sorry, all I hear on this end is, 'Go fuck yourself, Edward'." He chuckles sardonically. "If that works, yeah." My inner bitch returns. "Look, I gotta go." "Yeah, right. Cool." He hangs up, and I'm irrationally pissed. But I should've known better. Neither of us has grown the fuck up. . . . . I'm not even surprised when I leave the office at the end of the day and find him leaning against my car in the parking lot. I take a moment to just look at him. While his maturity is still dubious, he definitely looks the part of a grown man. His shoulders are broader, and his arms are no longer lean, but built. He runs a hand through his hair, and I have to stop the smile creeping onto my face. It's still as unruly and fucked up as ever. Bronze, disheveled, and all over the place, I'm ready to throw a playful jibe in his direction, but he looks up. The moment his icy green eyes meet mine, my almost-smile drops, and years worth of misery flood back in. " You're a fucking liar!" " I hate you!" I shake my head, dismissing three-year-old, bitter words. This is who I am now. The girl he left behind broken, and this is what is left. "You know," he calls to me as I move toward him, "I never thought you'd be the type of girl to drive a Lexus." "It's not my car," I shrug, just to fuck with him. He rolls his eyes. "Pfft. I can smell your dad's cash all over it." He glances around before turning back to me. "What happened to the beast?" Edward always did have a fascination with the ugliest vehicles. My 1962 bright orange Chevy was no different. When he wasn't with me or out with his buddies, he could always be found working on that truck. "She broke down eventually. Dad sold it," I lie. I don't tell him that after he left, I got it scrapped at the junk yard. Looking at it, reliving stupid fucking memories, was driving me to despair. "Huh." That's all he says, standing up to stretch. A long silence ensues, in