Disclaimer: Twilight and all content related to the franchise belongs to Stephanie Meyer. If it were mine, Bella and Edward would have got down and dirty in the beginning. :D This was originally a contest entry for A Journey Into The Dark and Twisted Contest. It won the Best Use Of Prompts Award. So, as a little Halloween treat, I decided to upload. Completely un-beta'd, so please forgive the any mistakes! And, uh...I love reviews. *Hint hint* So feel free to tell me whether you loved or hated this! In fact, don't tell me you hated it. Lol. :P Anyway, without much further ado... Love Me Forever "Psst." "Pssst." "Psssssssst!" I'm gonna kill him. "Mr Cullen," Mr Varner sighs loudly, attracting the attention of the class as he slams his book down on the desk. "Is there something you'd like to share with the class?" Edward leans back in his seat, trying to appear composed but completely failing as his agitation gives way. "Uh, no. No." "Oh really? I suppose this conversation you were hoping to start is for Ms Swan's ear's only?" Edward's glaring holes through Mr Varner's head, while mine glare at the wall in front of me. If I wasn't sitting down, I'd have kicked him in the balls by now. Asshole "The next time you think to begin a conversation in the middle of my lecture, please be aware of the consequences." Mr Varner pulls the small pink slip from the pad in front of him, holding it out. "Head to the principle's office and I'll see you for detention." The classroom breaks into whoops and hollers as Edward pushes away roughly from his seat. He flips up his two middle fingers, spinning in a circle to show his exact distaste. I say nothing, instead choosing to glare at the front of the classroom. But when I feels Edward's warm breath on the back of my neck, I tense up. "We still need to talk." He whispers harshly, pushing away from me and striding out the classroom. "Whats up with you and Ed?" Alice slumps into the cafeteria beside me. "Nothing," I mumble, even though I can feel his eyes on me from the opposite end of the room. "He's-" "Staring, I know." I cut her off. He's staring at me because I haven't spoken to him for three weeks. This is highly unusual, because he's my best friend and has been since second grade. What's also highly unusual, is the fact that three weeks and one day ago, he kissed me. Fucking. Kissed. Me. At the time, we had been sitting around his bedroom. Nothing unusual, I'm there all the time. It's practically my room. Seated on his bed, I'd been in the middle of talking about Mr Berty's insane teaching tactics when it comes to English, and he pretty much just flew at me. Hands in my hair, his weight on top of me, his lips attached to mine. And he ruined everything. I'm not saying it didn't feel good, because...jeez, it was more than good. But, really? He chose a moment like that to kiss me? What about two years ago, when he decided that a night out with Tanya Denali's huge tits were more important than our movie nights. Or last year, when he sat with me on Valentine's Day but bailed at the last second because Kate Garretson was having a party. No. Instead, he chooses to kiss me exactly two months away from high school graduation. He chose that moment to show me how he felt, knowing it was already too late. Because nothing can ever happen between us now. I'm going to California, and he's moving out to Seattle. We'll barely see each other. So why kiss me? My exit from his room was less than graceful. I had pushed him and promptly stumbled from the bed, tripping over my feet as I went. Leaving everything behind, I'd muttered bullshit excuses and apologies before I bolted. We haven't spoken since. I glance over at where he was once sitting, only to find he's not there. When a hand grabs my arm, I don't need to turn to know it's him. "Bleachers. Now." He almost growls, releasing my arm. I roll my eyes at Alice, who simply waves her Fork at me, and take off after my sulky best friend. "Where the hell have you been?" He spins on me, his face livid as he stand's on the bench above me. I kick my shin against the seat in front of me, unable to meet his eyes. "Around, I guess." "Bullshit." He's suddenly sitting in front of me, looking up at me through piercing green eyes. "I called you. You're dad told me you were sick. I called you again and he told me you were out. Eventually I stopped getting an answer all together." "Edward," I sigh, shaking my head. "You fucking flew out of my room after I...you know. Do I, I mean...do you fucking hate me that much?" He asks incredulously. "What?" I'm appalled. "No! That's not...I mean, you kissed me!" "Really?" He feigns shock. "Well fuck, alert the authorities. I kissed a pretty girl." "Don't," I warn him. "Don't do that." "Don't do what?" He scoffs. "Make me feel like I'm the one in the wrong here!" I yell, pointing at him. "This is your fault!" "My fault?" He scoffs. "Yes!" I point at him. "You're the one who kissed me. You're the one who's made our friendship feel awkward. This is all on you, buddy." "Oh, an you ignoring me for weeks is totally my fault." He glares. "I stopped you from picking up the phone, or coming by my house. I make you hide behind Alice at school, and run away from your locker when you see me. My bad, Bella. Really." His hands fly to his hair and tug, his usual reaction to stress. I fight the urge to roll my eyes, which is a common feature for me. "I'm sorry. I just...I don't know what to say to you now. It's weird." I shrug uncomfortably. "Tell me you don't like me," He says softly. I turn my head away, but suddenly his body is pressed up against mine. His hands frame my face as he tilts my head. Crouching down so he's at my eye level, his eyes dare me to deny him. I try to push away the tingling sensation away from my cheeks, where his thumbs slowly stoke. "You felt something." He declares quetly. "No I didn't." My voice wavers, betraying me. "Yeah, you did. And you're scared." "I'm not scared. I'm resigned. It's too late for this, Edward. We can't start this now." He groans, pulling away from me. "Why not?" "Because!" I exclaim, throwing my hands in the air. "We can't be together when we're moving to opposite sides of the country! We don't even have time to date! I can't do that, I won't." He slumps back to the bench, raking a hand through his messy penny brown hair. "But I like you. I really, really like you." My heart splits. He looks like the little boy I've known all my life, yet so different now he's becoming a man. I'm caught between logic and feelings, and it fucking sucks. I drop down on the bench beside him and lay my head on his shoulder. Like an automatic reaction, his arm wraps around my shoulder and I curl into his side. "I like you too. I do." I sigh. "But right now, I just need you to be my best friend, Edward." He says nothing, simply holding me tighter as he stares out at the empty gymnasium. "Are you going to Newton's party later?" Alice is yelling. "What?" I'm yelling, too. "I said, are you GOING TO NEWTON'S PARTY?" I snort with laughter as the music cuts out on the last part of her sentence. People around us stare at her, as she flips the bird and blushes red with embarrassment. Graduation is in one week, and right now, we're attending our last prom. When Alice had first brought up Prom, I had been reluctant. Every other year I've skipped this tradition. Big puffy dresses, too much make up and the expectations of the night are just not my scene. But being our last prom, I figured I should take part for once. I look around for my date, Tyler, but see that he's no where to be found. "Have you seen Tyler?" I ask Alice. She shakes her head. "No, I haven't." I sigh as she trots off to Join Jasper in the middle of the dance floor. Before I can wallow too long though, I'm joined by Rosalie Hale. I do a side sweeping glance, seeing that she looks stunning as always. Ivory dress, blond curled hair draping over one shoulder and her significant pout, she's every guy's wet dream. We've never been Friends, but we became cordial to each other last year when I spotted her coming out of a Planned Parenthood in Seattle. "God, this is so boring. Is it time to get drunk yet?" She groans, folding her arms over her chest. I snort. "Isn't this supposed to be your night? Aren't you vying for that crown?" "Psh," She scoffs, waving her hand. "Fuck being Prom Queen. I just want out of this podunk town already." "I'm with you on that," I sigh, staring out towards the dance floor. "Here," She holds out a crap of paper toward me, and when i glance down I see her phone number. "I won't know anyone out in California. Thought maybe we could grab a coffee or something." She says this so blase, that I can't help but smile. Rosalie Hale wants to be my friend. "Yeah, sure. Maybe." I shrug, acting casual. But eventually I crack and we both laugh. Smiling faces dancing, and fooling around filter through my eyelids. But I won't miss one of them when I leave Forks. Not Jessica Stanley's gossip, or Mike Newton's roaming eyes. Emmett McCarty's booming laugh or Angela Weber's soft voice. No, the only people I'll miss are those closest to me. Charlie, Alice and of course, her boyfriend Jasper who makes me laugh like no other. My eyes roam until I find the person I'm going to miss the most. Edward sways awkwardly on the dance floor with Jane Volturi. She clings to his shoulder, her head laid on his shoulder. With closed eyes, she smiles so big as they dance to Low Shoulder, but Edward just stares over her shoulder blankly. I stare in confusion at the darkness of his eyes, until they reach mine. He gives me a fake smile, and divert's his eyes before I can wave back. I thought we were fine now. These past few weeks, everything went back to normal. We never mentioned the kiss again, and instead chose to ignore it all together. I was too scared to bring it up, for fear it would evoke feelings in me that I've been desperately trying to push away. But now, there's something off about his gaze. His eyes, usually filled with laughter and mischief just seem...empty. And I can only hope it's not me that brought about that look. I shake my head, and see Jasper and Alice staring at me warily. I smile, but they don't smile back. If I thought it was loud earlier, I was so so wrong. Mike Newton's house is placed nicely on the outskirt's of our small town. Whilst his house may be big, it's secluded withing the trees. With no neighbors, he doesn't have to worry about complaints, especially whilst his parent's are constantly out of town. He's the perfect party host, and he throws them frequently. I'm in the kitchen with Jasper, who's laughing as he shoves a shot in my hand. "To always being young," he holds out his glass