Bella finds the line of professionalism crossed between her and her boss when a drunken night leads to her sleeping with the most eligible bachelor in LA, Edward Cullen, her businessman boss who she works as a maid for. (Warnings: sexual content, explicit language, fingering, oral, grinding, rough, so much dirty talk bless, etc, etc) THIRD PERSON POV Working for Edward Cullen is relatively easy for Bella. The wealthy bachelor was rarely ever home so Bella didn't have to worry about stumbling over her words or tripping in front of him every day like she did the first time she met him, when she had her interview. Now whenever she passes his study she has to remember to keep her eyes forward and not look over at the room that reminded her of the embarrassing moment when she tripped into the door of her soon to be employer the day her interview was scheduled. Edward had been standing at his desk when Steven, one of the other butlers opened the door for Bella and she tripped on the crack between the different floorboards that met from the hallway and the room, Edward turning his head to see her stumble and Steven, bless him, catch her in time before she made a royal ass of herself which she sort of might as well done. If you're going to fall, at least fall all the way. He'd obviously been amused, a slight smile pulling at his sharp features from where he stood with a glass in his hand and a portfolio in the other, looking rather formal and of high superiority compared to Bella who borrowed her sister's black dress and pulled her hair back in a ponytail in efforts to look formal for the occasion and classy at the same time. But who cared about that anyways? The prospect of class? She was applying to be his maid; not much class in scrubbing the floor of a mansion the size of the whole block of your home and picking up after a man whose hair probably has better warranty than her car. But nevertheless, Edward obviously saw that she'd do well enough for the job, because he hired her that same day despite the hundreds of others whom had applied. Edward Cullen is a very popular and single businessman, Bella was sure at least a handful of elite people themselves had applied to be his maid just to get a glimpse of him or fulfill their Cinderella fantasies and begin a love affair with the entrepreneur. Bella really wasn't after all of that. She just needed a job. That morning was like the many before, by the time Bella had unlocked the back door and got inside the house through the kitchen where she greeted the rest of the staff Edward had already left and there was a list of things he needed her to get done for him while he was out waiting her attention with a pair of keys on the kitchen counter. Setting her bag down on the table and her coat, Bella scanned over the paper. Get his bedroom fixed up, call up his mother's house to see if she was free for the dinner reservations he had booked next week, use the money waiting for her on his bedside table upstairs to buy Ash that model airplane he wanted for his birthday, help the staff prepare for the party he would be hosting in celebration for the success he received sealing the deal on a new sister business to add to his ever growing resume of success, pick up his laundry….the usual splurge of work she had set for her when she came into work six days out of seven. You'd expect Bella to run into Edward sometime in the six days out of seven she works at the Cullen residence, but that is not the case. She recalls bumping into Edward just two months ago when she went upstairs to fix up his room only to find some blond chick underneath his sheets and catching just a glimpse of him as he climbed out of bed right when she opened the door, his back to her so he didn't know she entered as he went to the bathroom. At least she got a great shot of his ass which, in all honesty, the least she could get for working so hard. She considered it a personal reward. Bella got to it. She got upstairs and picked up the missing heels and panties with a grimaced expression, trying to swallow whatever pride she had left in her being and reminding herself that this is what pays for her rent, this is what pays for her bills and her schooling. So if she must pick up dozens (honestly how many women did he sleep with last night? Christ.) of pink laced panties and bottles of diamond incrusted bottles of alcohol and fix up his bed, then she must do it. The staff was pretty much set to fix up the party alone, Elaine ensuring Bella to get Mr. Cullen's washing done so she could retreat back home to her shared apartment with her roommate and go on yet another expressive rant about the fact that she spends half her life in a damn mansion and yet can't afford more than a ten dollar dinner. It wasn't her fault. She's a college kid, there's no such thing as a rich college kid. Unless you're Bella's roommate who doesn't even pay her half of the rent, her share being covered by her mom. Bella swears sometimes she's the only young person slaving away in LA. Getting to the garage, Bella locked the door behind her before flicking the light on. She pulled the key out of her back pocket she'd gotten earlier in the morning beside the list and hit the button to unlock the car. A beeping sounding from the far end of the spacious garage. Skipping down the steps, Bella sighed and pushed her hair behind her ear, hitting the button again and stopping in her tracks when the red Audi flickered its lights at her. She felt her lips part and the immediate thought that this must be a game came into her mind. No way would he give her the keys to his expensive, really horridly expensive exotic car just to run his errands? But then again, Bella was sure he could afford another. So when she slipped into the front seat of the Audi she felt less responsibility, pulling out of the garage. Bella was almost startled to death when Elaine's face came into view on a screen on the dashboard. "Don't get too excited, love. The last girl got fired for scraping the rear end of Mr. Cullen's Range Rover." She sent a warm smile. "Seriously?" Bella cocked a brow, scoffing. "This car is probably worth like, five Range Rovers wrapped into one." Elaine laughed, shrugging. "True, but then again it was Edward's father who fired her. I don't know, be careful. I'll need your help with getting the decorations around the foyer when you arrive." "Okay." Bella nodded, sending Elaine a smile before she waved and the screen returned back to its previous digital default, AUDI written in bold, gold letters shimmering every so often. Only when she got on the road did it turn into a camera with view from each side of the car and the rear. She let out a breath. Nope, the responsibility was still there. She felt the weight of driving around in something so pricey. Bella definitely got confused glances when she went into the laundry in the part of town she gets her own, people eyeing the whip she rolled up in and wondering how a girl like her could come from a car like that, a girl with a greying college state sweatshirt, messy bun and chucks in a car worth more than the whole neighborhood's mortgage put together. She had to keep a hawk eye on the Audi the whole time she was in the store, weary of people who would attempt to steal it. Bella had money from work, enough to take care of herself and she had whatever help her mom would offer, though Bella constantly insisted that her mom should stop trying to sneak money into the cards she'd send her every so often. She was as rich as a hardworking college kid could be which, next to her boss, meant nothing. But she was pleased with the hard work and effort she puts into life and considers her cozy apartment and simple sedan a sentiment to that. Here's the thing about life—it doesn't warn you when it wants to fuck up your day, your life, or in Bella's case, source of income because one moment she is waiting in line to get Mr. Cullen's clothes back and the next a towing truck is coming along and taking the Audi out of the spot she parked it in. Now Bella forced into a corner, in a state of panic wondering if she should attempt to leave the busy line and go to the car or stay in line and pray she doesn't lose her job when her boss gets a call from work that his Audi is being towed, unable to stare in bewilderment any longer, rushes out into the street. "Hey! HEY! YOU! What do you think you're doing?! Give it back!" "And let me guess, you're Edward Cullen?" the burly guy chuckled, shaking his head and looking back down at his clipboard, scribbling on the paper while the car lifted off the pavement, people going about their lives around them. "This is my bosses car, I drove it here to pick up his clothes, you can't just fucking take it! Right?! Please me you can't just take this car!" "Sorry but I can. Unless you are willing to come down to our offices and have a talk with administration…I'm just doing my job. The meter clearly was never paid and the car was posing a distraction." "Distraction?! I know this thing is fucking bright as hell but c'mon! Just give it back…Bill." Bella read the name tag, doe eyes pleading. Bill shrugged. "Nothing I can do ma'am." "Yes, there is, Bill. I'm coming with you and I'm getting my car back." Bella spat, pulling her phone out. "Wait there!" She pointed, frustrated at Bill who raised his hands, signaling surrender to whatever fate held against him if he so much as moved an inch. Bella tapped the toe of her red chucks on the pavement anxiously, begging Elaine to answer as she anxiously ran her fingers through her locks, having pulled the band out of her hair and putting it around her wrist to let her hair free. She looked a mess, she was sure of it. "Elaine!" Bella shouted when the woman answered. "Yes, Bella? Is something wrong honey?" "Elaine I'm going to need you to make a stop at Kennedy's Laundromat!" "What? Bella, I'm getting ready for the party— "And I'm getting ready to lose my job if you don't come down here! Lenny and the rest of the staff can handle the party! I need Mr. Cullen's clothes to be picked up while I go to the towing offices and get his car back." "Oh, Bella…okay, but please get here on time. I actually like you, don't get yourself fired." "I can't make that promise." Bella replied, shutting off her phone. "Okay, Bill! Let's go!" XX Bella knows she's in deep shit because by the time she's aware of the time, it's 8:10, exactly three hours ago from when she was standing in line just waiting to get the clothes. The towing company clearly had more important things to do, like ruin other people's lives by just grabbing their vehicles, because administration didn't show until thirty minutes ago, a woman named Sylvia claiming she'd meet