Bella is a 28 year old single mother who's just moved in next door to Edward, her 19 year old neighbor. When a near catastrophic disaster just misses Bella by a few seconds thanks to Edward, the two get to know each as Edward finds himself falling for Bella who's hesitant to fall for someone again, especially someone too good to be true. She doesn't plan to crack under pressure, but soon she does and in the end she doesn't regret it. (WARNINGS: EXplicit language, explicit content, sexual intercourse, oral, fingering,missionary,riding,etc) I hope you like this one shot story! T his is a reward one shot for 10 000 reads on my story Businessman, you guys are awesome! Thank you so much! THIRD PERSON POV It is 2:15 in the morning when Bella takes a second glance at the time on the dash of the truck, a part of her feeling she could've sworn it read the same exact time over an hour ago. The night was dragging on forever, an endless vast of time in the space continuum moving at a snail's pace from where Bella sat behind the wheel of a U-Haul truck, driving down the highway amongst other fatigued drivers toward Forks. The only slight entertainment she had was the beauty of the stars above her behind the windshield, the drapery of the velvety black night sky with a scattered array of stars casted upon its face, like glitter thrown into the darkness. The truck hummed all around her in the silence, the speed of sound whizzing around her from the left and right, vehicles pressing on against the wind and the rain of the night hitting the windows with a gentle patter. The music from the radio accompanied the sound of Darcy's slow, sure breaths beside her. She was tucked into herself in her polka dot blanket in the passenger side, small enough that she could lie completely on the seat easily, her messy locks tucked behind her ears as she slept. Bella felt a smile tug at her lips at the sight of her daughter, a piece of happiness and possibility flourishing within her at their chance for a better, sure future. It is 4:15 by the time Bella has driven through the city and gotten lost a few times along the way, finally driving down an unfamiliar neighborhood with houses aligned on either side, quaint and closed off from the world until morning. Pulling up to the home which said SOLD on a picket on the front near the mailbox, Bella parked just before the garages and turned off the truck so that the humming slowly dissipated and just the rain hitting the window was sounding. The house is beautiful, it's not too big neither or too small, comfortable enough for two people. It was completely renovated before she got there so she could get to settling down as soon as possible with Darcy. Summer was on the brink and she had a load of work surmounting before her in regards to the house and applying for different things and paying bills she didn't even want to pay attention to in the moment. It all piled on her shoulders where she sat in the truck and she huffed out a breath. Being an adult isn't fun. However, when she steps out of the truck well— hops out of it, and looks up at the house made of brick with curved archways and trees surrounding it on either side, she is back to being excited. She leaves worries about unpacking for the morning and takes her bag and Darcy, a box from the front she had pillows and sheets in and locks the truck, heading back into the house. The hot sun was beating down on everything in its sight causing Bella to grow slightly fatigued and yearning for something to cool her down. But she continued to pile the boxes out and bring them inside the house from the truck. With about only half the truck empty and feeling hopeless as to whether she'll ever surely empty it before a year later, Bella pressed on anyways, hopping into the truck. She walked to the back of the truck, bending down and heaving a big box that she heard some clatter in while she rose shakily to her feet. Grabbing another box to pile on top of it once she got to the mouth of the truck, Bella felt her heart leap from her chest in the split second that she lost her balance on the edge of the truck. She heard hard-hitting steps behind her when she fell and short, even breaths and the sound of life going on around her, her neighbors outside and people driving down the street before the top box hit the floor with the sound of glass shattering, her foot losing its footing and launching her backwards. Bella squeezes her eyes shut, waiting for the hard pavement and glass shards to pierce her back, but they never do. Instead, everything refocuses and the world around her is still going. The houses along the street are full of the sounds of families and people going in and out, to and from work. The sound of lawn mowers going buzzes through the air and cars whizzing past, music playing. The only difference in that split second is that Bella realizes she isn't on the floor and instead she's in someone's arms with her head to their chest, hearing their heart beating against it's cage rhythmaticly. Hard breathing sounded from above her before the arms holding her strained a moment, the other arm free and grabbing the box in her hands and setting it in the truck. Bella blinks for a moment before she hears a deep, low, gravelly voice ask her, "Are you okay?" they were breathing hard and fast in her ear, their hot breath ghosting upon her ear as the words streamed into her conscious mind, alerting her. The arms set her down, hands sliding down her curves and to her hips, steadying her before she breathed out. "I'm fine," she promised, hand meeting the bus before she let out a laugh. Suddenly Bella can't find it in her to do anything but laugh and feel her face burning up in embarrassment, turning around and in her visage seeing what must be a Greek God sent down from Olympus to catch her when she fell from the truck. He's all toned muscle and bulging biceps straining against his shirt, tall and sweaty yet she only got the slightest hint of it from his appearance, his skin having a fresh, clean smell sans bodily odor. Her eyes are scanning up his tattooed arms and abdomen, chest and to his face before his hand comes up to pull an earbud out. He's beaming down at her. "You sure you cool?" his breath fans against her face once again as he inches a little closer, brows set. His eyes are taking in her appearance rather keenly and Bella can't help but feel her skin burn up in reaction to his intense gaze. God, Bella, what is up with you? You're an adult, pull yourself together . She thinks, a phrase she commonly needs to say to herself. "Yeah, I'm cool. Just slipped when I was getting things out of the truck." She thumbed behind her at the big U-Haul in her driveway. His lips closed slightly into an easy yet seductive grin. "I can see that." He murmured back. Bella doesn't know what to say so she just lets out a huff of air, forcing a smile that further embarrassed her before dropping her gaze. "Do you need some help? I don't have any plans this morning." He tilted his head, eyes locking with hers as if questioning whether or not she'll deny his request. "I um—well I don't want to keep you—" "I can stay." "It's a lot of stuff. It takes up the whole back of the truck." "No feat I can't handle." "I don't want to bother— "It's my pleasure." He cut her off finally. Bella felt her stomach squirm as she pushed her hair behind her ears, eyes looking up into his. "You look a little tired anyways and we can't have that near-death accident happen again, now do we?" Bella felt a smile grace her face before she laughed. "No, I guess we can't have that." "S'longs I'm here, you won't have to worry about falling." He promised, low voice sounding and words slurring. Bella stood there motionless for a moment before she heard Darcy. "Mom! Where is my Blankey?!" she could hear the little girl's watery cries, indicating her panic. Bella and Edward turned in time to see Darcy run over to Bella with pools in her eyes. "You have a daughter?" The guy asked Bella, looking down at the little girl and back up at Bella. Darcy muffled her face in her mom's legs and wrapped her arms around her thighs as Bella turned to him. "Um, yes is that a pro—" "Mom you can't just take Blankey and not tell me where he is!" Darcy cried. The guy grinned down at her, laughing at the little girl. "Blankey is dirty, hun. Mom had to put him in the washer." "You know you can't do that, MOM!" She stomped her foot down. "Aye, no stomping at mommy, you understand, Darcy? No throwing a fit." She raised her brows but said it in a solemn voice. Darcy huffed, her face pulling together in frustration. "But mommy, you know washing Blankey sucks all his magic powers out and then he won't work anymore! He did everything with me! He was my cape and my friend and you ruined everything!" Bella was at a loss for words, unsure what to say to her daughter. She had been completely forgetful of the stranger behind her though until he bent down eye-level with Darcy. "Darcy?" he rasped. Darcy looked up from behind her hands. "Your Blankey isn't losing powers, silly. Your mom used a special washing machine." He grinned at her. Darcy's brows pulled together as a cute expression of confusion contorted on her face. "But we don't have a special washing machine." "Which was why your mommy had to borrow mine, so that she could wash your Blankey so you didn't get sick from the germs but could also have all the superpowers before." Darcy's eyes widened. "Really mommy?" she looked up at Bella. The guy turned his head to look up at her. "I, uh—I, yeah! Yeah I borrowed one. It's cleaning right now so it'll be all ready for you soon baby girl." She leaned down at ran her fingers through Darcy's hair. Darcy smiled through her tears, wrapping her arms around the guy's neck. "Thank you Magic Washing Machine Guy, without you Blankey would be clean without powers! Now he gets to be clean with his powers though!" He laughed. "No problem, but my name isn't Magic Washing Machine Guy. It's Edward." He put his hand out for Darcy to shake. The little girl smiled. "My name's Darcy!" she shook his hand tightly before looking up at Bella. "I'm going to go play with my Legos now." She announced, skipping up the driveway and lost from sight. Edward stood to his feet, Bella still in shock. "Wow, she took to you easy." She laughed. "Yeah?" He cocked a brow, a slight grin to his features still. "She normally isn't so…responsive when she meets new people? She's a really shy girl, she never talks about her Blankey with anyone except for me." She laughed, turning back around to face the furniture and boxes in the truck. "So your name's Edward?" Bella picked up a box and sat it down on the floor. "Yeah, Edward." He looked down at her with a solemn expression. Bella felt her cheeks burn. What's up with this guy and his endearing expressions?