Jasper has been Bella's neighbor for two weeks now and it's safe to say she hasn't been able to hide her curiosity for the seemingly perplex boy who everyone in Denver wants a piece of. ( Warnings : oral, different positions, etc) BELLA'S POV "I know, I know, I love you too." I laughed, hugging my friend tightly. I pulled away to see her laughing also. "Are you picking me up tomorrow morning?" I questioned, grabbing my books from where they stood before my feet and piling them into my bag. "I can't, I won't be at school tomorrow, remember?" "Oh I forgot." I moaned, wondering how I would go through the day without her by my side. "I hate you." "I know, but my parents are keen on bringing us to visit our grandparents this weekend. It'll take most of tomorrow just to get there so you'll have to spend your weekend alone." She sighed. "Call me or I'll kill you when I see you on Monday." I promised, throwing my bag onto my shoulder. Laughing once more, she waved me bye after I shut the car door and got to my driveway. I struggled to get my phone out of my bag while I watched the car speed down the street, my fingers reaching to the bottom of my book bag and around my books. Grasping it in my hands, I pulled it out in time to look up and see an unfamiliar SUV driving down the street and past me. I turned around, my hair whipping around and hitting my face causing me to push the strands behind my ear. The all black Range Rover pulled into the drive way beside my house, the house that had previously been uninhabited for about one month before me and my parents saw the moving trucks before the house. Unable to help my curiosity, which has always managed to get me in trouble, I grasped the white picket fence separating my house from the other house, peeking behind the tall green bushes to see a head full of dirty blond curly hair come into view from beside the car door. The sound of music stopped coming from what I assumed the speakers of the car, replaced by a "beep" signaling the locking of the car. His back was to me, but from what I could see, he had a strong build and seemingly nice appearance—but I couldn't see his face so I couldn't necessarily confirm that. "Bella?" I snapped my head around to see my mom eyeing me from beside her car, keys and bag in hand. "What are you doing sweetheart?" "I um," I paused, a violent blush coloring my cheeks as I heard the sound of what I could've sworn was a chuckle coming from behind me. "I just," without a thought, I dropped the hold I had on my phone so it hit the sidewalk. "Dropped my phone?" I winced at the sound of the device hitting the ground and hoped she would buy it. "You see Bella this is what your father and I are always talking about." She marched over and bent down, picking up my phone. "You need to take care of your things. If you break this you're not getting another." She wagged the phone before my face before putting it in my hold. "And try to be a better liar sweety, I know you were spying on someone." She smirked. I internally groaned. "I'm going to work, dinner's in the kitchen." I followed behind her, going in the house as she pulled out of the driveway. 2 WEEKS LATER "…the assignment is worth 80 percent of your grade! If you think this will be able to be done the night before it's due you'll be sorry." Me and Andrea both snorted at Mr. Baxter's bold assumption. "Half of my projects are done the day before." She whispered. "Same." I laughed, shaking my head at our teacher's statement. "Hey I never asked you how your grandparent's was." I mentioned, speaking below my breath so Mr. Baxter couldn't hear us. "It wasn't that great. My grandma hates me I swear." She whispered back, causing me to laugh. "Andrea you are with Lawson." We looked up at . "What?" she asked. "It appears that you and Bella here were too busy chatting away to know what the class is doing." He motioned around so that we could see everyone stood up, awaiting their assigned partners on the project. I blushed stupidly, standing up along with Andrea. "Bella you will be with…" he looked down at his clipboard. I maneuvered over to the side of the classroom beside the door, eyeing what was left over of partnerless people. My eyes scanned the faces of my classmates before they landed on Jasper's face. I widened my eyes and looked away when his blue orbs looked up from his phone and met mine. I fidgeted, looking anywhere else as I heard a chuckle hum from him where he stood less than a foot away from me. You are a child of God, I reminded myself, these are inappropriate thoughts. I willed my mind to derail from the gutter. If I was being honest, he was the center point of my thoughts lately, and apparently every other girl in this school's thoughts also. I'll even go as far as saying he was on the guy's thoughts too. "Aye man the team could use another b-baller, you wanna join?" "Hockey try outs are coming up; you want to go with me?" "You play sports?" they were always asking him to join things with them, including him in their groups during partner work. Everyone wanted to know more about him, wanted to either be with him or be his friend. The way he carried himself, with so much swagger, confidence, eyes level with the clouds in a cocky yet attractive way—girls were practically dying to get of piece of him. On more than one occasion I would overhear someone trying to flirt with him and he would either completely not get the clue or play it off. Something told me he was playing it off. He didn't play any sports so there shouldn't have been a way that the other high schools knew about him, but they did. And almost every girl in town was after him, cougars included. He was quiet so there wasn't much to know. It was amusing to me how uninterested he was in the selection of girls everywhere, hot girls and popular girls included. "Okay Bella you are with Martin. Jasper you are with Leanne." I could see her practically jumping up in glee as she rushed over to Jasper. The other girls glared in jealousy, trying to play it off. I snickered to myself. Pulling my hair up into a bun, I pulled my jacket it off, preparing myself to finish my math and English homework as I threw my phone onto my bed. Walking over to my laptop, I sat before the desk where my homework was staring at me beside the lamp. I completely ignored it and hoped I would be able to finish the assignments in between classes because there was no way I would do it tonight. I was scrolling through twitter, nothing to do but ignore my homework when I heard the sound of music coming from my window. I looked up. Groaning, mentally noting to remind my mom to stop opening my window to "let some breeze in", I stood up and walked over to it. Grabbing the window, I was ready to pull it down when I saw something that caused the breath in my throat to catch and my nails to dig into the window seat. My eyes glided down the seemingly flawless skin of Jasper's toned abdomen, taking in the wondrous sight as I felt my lips part. He was facing me, but apparently he couldn't see that I saw him, because he did not falter his movements. Sweat trailed down his body and his usually full dirty blonde hair seemed damp and fell over his eyes, lips parted and cheeks flushed. Dear lord. He threw a bag on his bed and that's when it clicked—he was at the gym. His window was also up, causing the sound of his music to hang in the neighborhood air. I stepped away from the window, turning around and sitting on the edge of my bed. If I thought I was falling for him before…. At this point, seeing Jasper shirtless was of a reoccurring thing on my day to day. I would be an utter liar if I said I did not spy on him from where I could see being that our windows faced each other, but when someone looks like that, how could I not look. He didn't have music on this time, and his blinds and window was open for the world to see, only I was the only one who could see him. I never even spoke to him before, I would see him in the hallways and sometimes around town if I was out with Andrea or my parents, but he never gave even a clue that he knew I could see him. I sometimes felt like a stalker, but then I remembered that there was no chance in hell I would even get a piece of him and I suddenly didn't care anymore. I sat on my window seat, not even thinking much about the fact that I was practically gawking at him when my foot slipped and hit the lamp by the window seat, causing it to crash. Jasper looked up from where he sat at his desk, homework before him just as I spun around in shock, heart hammering in my chest. Of COURSE this would happen to me. I sat there, worried to look behind me before I did, only to see him before his window, his abs in view as he pulled his window shut closed. Fuck my life. Standing up, I threw the damn lamp up, and stood in thought. What do I even? There is no way he doesn't know I was watching him. I could feel eyes on me then and just standing in the middle of my bedroom would practically give away the fact that I was watching him. Do something normal, I thought to myself, walking over to my bed to adjust the pillows or do something with my hands. It was really unfair for him to be so sexy without a second thought, even when he wasn't around people and just in his room alone, so a sudden thought crept into my mind. He must be watching me this time, I should at least give him a show. I needed to take a shower anyways, so I turned around and faced my mirror, grabbing the hem of my shirt and pulling it up slowly, throwing it down on the ground. Okay, what would Megan Fox do? I thought to myself. Right! The hair. Grabbing my pony tail, I pulled my hair out and shook it out, causing the layers to fall down my shoulders. I stuck my thumbs into the loops of my jeans and tugged them down. He better be watching after all of this. AdJasperg my black lace underwear, I casually walked away from the view of the mirror and over to my bathroom. That was enough for tonight, I thought to myself with a shaky breath. "Yeah mom, okay I got it." I sighed. "Call me if anything happens, and Ms. Jackson next door would be glad to help you if you need something." "Yeah." "Let me talk to her." I heard my dad's voice in the background. "We'll miss you Bells, keep your phone you, alright." "Yes, dad." I sighed at their overprotective demeanors. "We should be home by four tomorrow. We love you." "Love you too, yeah—okay,