A Tale from MiddleEarth A/N: I had a dream about the dog in the Return of the King being a Human under a curse, so I decided to write, er, type it down. Just goes to show you how strange my mind is, 'cause the dog is only in like three seconds of the movie when it walks by in the background while Aragorn and Gandalf are talking in Theoden's palace-type-thing. : : : Liana was just waking up when she heard hoof beats. Her eyes snapped open, and she quickly got to her feet and loped over to the window to see who it was. She stood on her hind legs and placed her front paws on the windowsill, peering out into the early morning light and trying to make out the rider. She lifted her nose and sniffed the wind. A familiar smell drifted towards her, and a small whine escaped her throat before she caught herself. Good dogs don't whine, Liana thought firmly. But then her Master dropped off Hortho and started coming towards the palace, and Liana couldn't resist letting out a small bark. "Aralan! You're home!" Aralan stopped when he saw his dog at the window. "Liana! Come here, girl!" he said, kneeling. Liana practically knocked herself over getting to the front door, then she tore out of the small cottage and towards Aralan, knocking him over in her excitement. "You're finally home!" Liana said, but it was all a mixture of barking and tail-wagging to her Master. She stuck her nose in his side when he rumpled her ears, inhaling his familiar scent. Horses, other people, sweat...blood. Liana whimpered and backed off, avoiding Aralan's hand. He frowned, reaching out to touch her again. Liana rolled over onto her back in a submissive posture, shivering when he gently stroked her. "Liana, why are you afraid of me? I'm the same person I was a month ago, and twenty years before that!" His face got a hurt look on it as Liana avoided his hand a third time. "You smell like death," Liana told him. But he couldn't understand her. She was just a dog to him, not a Human. But she really was Human. He didn't know it, but she was. Twenty years before, Liana had been a three-year-old princess. Her father, the King of a small province that was very secluded from the rest of Middle Earth, had gone off to try to defeat a band of marauding Orcs, but he'd been killed. The news had nearly killed Liana's mother, but the Queen had pulled herself together and stood strong for her people, assuming the throne. Less than a month after that, a White Wizard had come to the castle and killed the Queen. Liana, little more than a baby, had run at the Wizard, hitting him and screaming at the tops of her lungs. The Wizard had grunted in surprise when her little fists came into contact with his legs, then muttered a few words under his breath. Liana sat down, hard, and let out a scream of surprise only it had come out as a yelp; Liana was now a dog. "A puppy you'll stay until someone figures it out," the White Wizard had said, then he'd disappeared. Liana had curled up next to her dead mother and fallen asleep. One of the help had found her a few hours later, sleeping next to the fallen Queen. The servant had picked Liana up, cuddling her against his chest, while raising the alarm. Then he'd left to go home, taking the puppy/princess with him. He'd had no idea who she was, only that she was terrified. After walking into his home, he'd set Liana on the floor. "Aralan, I have a gift for you!" he'd said. A young boy of about five had barreled into the room, his three year old sister not far behind. "A puppy!" Aralan had cried, dropping to his knees before the frightened Liana. He'd stroked her gently, making her relax and curl up in his lap, while his father watched with a smile. The King suggested naming the puppy Liana, in honor of the young princess who had disappeared. "Liana's a nice name," Aralan had said, and Liana she'd stayed. Aralan's father had smiled as Aralan gently rumpled Liana's ears. "Treat her right, young man, and she'll grow up to be your best friend, loyal and loving." That night, Aralan had taken Liana into his room and set her on the bed. She curled up next to the sleeping boy, still somewhat scared but realizing that the young boy truly cared about her. Aralan's father had entered the room, smiling at the sight of his son with his puppy curled up against his chest. Then he'd gently moved Liana to Aralan's feet. "That's where a good dog belongs, Liana," the father had said, smiling and petting her. "At her Master's feet. Take good care of him," he'd added before leaving. Liana had grown up with Aralan and his little sister, Sérëdhiel (Sare-ay-thee-ell). Her name meant Peaceful in Elvish, and translated as Selena in Human. However, Sérëdhiel was anything but peaceful. She had a fiery temper that Liana grew used to, since the young girl treated her well and loved her. Aralan's father, Vicno, loved to watch his children play with the baby dog. Lantia, his wife, would sit on a bench in the front yard and supervise, to make sure that no one got hurt, especially Liana. Lantia had Elven ancestry, which was why she'd given four of her five children Elvish names. Vicno liked the way the Elven language rolled off his tongue, so he didn't mind. Many years passed. Vicno and Lantia both died. Vicno was first, killed in a battle against hill-trolls. Lantia succumbed to grief less than three months later. Aralan was automatically man of the house, the role falling hard onto his barely twenty-year-old shoulders. Liana was seventeen at the time, and Aralan had already expressed shock at her long-life. "You're seventeen today, Liana," he'd said. "Yet you act as if you're three or four." "That's because I'm really only seventeen in Human years," Liana had replied, knowing full-well that he could not understand her. Her Speech was a mixture of tail-wagging and barking to him. Sérëdhiel had stood by her brother, staying in the house to take care of their two brothers and sister who were all under fifteen at the time. Her job wore her down, but she never complained. But when a young man made her his wife, she had to leave the house. Dûrion and Urûvion, the twins, went to live with Aralan's cousin Lathie. Faelwen, the oldest at fourteen, volunteered to work at the palace as a hired hand, to bring some money. Aralan allowed her to do this, and almost immediately she caught the fancy of a stable-hand. Five years later, she'd married the man, leaving Aralan with no one to take care of. The relief had been almost evident on his face. Aralan had been gone a month, visiting Sérëdhiel in Rohan, and now he had finally returned, smelling of death. Finally, it seemed to dawn on him. "Of course, I smell like Orc! I ran into a small party on the way home," he told Liana. Even though the Orcs had been defeated two years prior, they still had an occasional problem with marauding bands now and then. "Yes," Liana said matter-of-factly, "Death. Blood. Orc." Aralan laughed. "Well, I'll go change clothes and make you more comfortable. I would hate to have my dog, my loyal companion, afraid of me." Liana followed him to his room, where he removed his protective leather vest. Liana backed away from it, as it smelled very strongly of Orc, a foul stench. Then he unlaced his shirt and shrugged out of that, throwing it into the corner. Liana could wait no longer. She launched herself at her Master, placing her paws on his chest and sticking her nose into his side. She inhaled deeply, cherishing his Scent. "Is that better, Liana?" he asked, rumpling her ears. "Yes, you smell like you again," Liana said, licking his cheek. Aralan laughed, then pulled on another shirt. "Let's go to the kitchen, shall we? I need to eat. Then we'll take a nice, long walk." Aralan led the way to the kitchen and grabbed a piece of jerky, sitting at the table and watching Liana closely. She very politely looked away from the food, although she wanted it very badly. She'd learned long ago that she got more food by not begging than by begging. Aralan laughed. "Do you want some?" Liana put her paw on Aralan's knee, barking a "Yes!" Aralan broke some meat off and handed it to her. Liana ate it delicately, as befit a lady. She may be in the form of a dog, but she knew she was Human. The only thing was, no one else did. After finishing the morsel, she lay down and put her chin on her paws, closing her eyes and inhaling her Master's Scent. It was so good, like sweat, outside and horses all mixed together. She sighed. "What's wrong, Liana?" Aralan asked, smiling down at his dog. "Nothing," Liana said, her tail thumping against the packed dirt floor of the small cottage. "I'm just fine." She smiled, panting. "You know, I think I've changed my mind. How would you like to go to Gondor, instead of just going on a long walk?" Aralan asked. Liana sat up abruptly. Gondor? "I have an uncle who lives in Gondor, Minis Tirith to be exact. Would you like that?" "Yes, oh yes!" Liana said, placing her paw on Aralan's knee. Her tail was swishing on the floor, showing her excitement. To Aralan, it was just excited barking, but he got the general idea. "I thought you might," he said. "Well, let me pack my things and we'll go!" Liana followed her Master around as he gathered various items that she saw no use for, but she was sure there was one. Finally, Aralan was ready to go. "All right, Liana, let's go," he said, smiling at her. Her heart thumped happily. Liana followed Aralan outside, where he mounted Hortho and turned towards Gondor. Hortho pulled at the bit, fighting to run. Aralan loosened the reigns, and Hortho took off. Liana took off after him, stretching out and running as quickly as she could to keep up. She lived for these moments, being able to run full out and be free. It was as close to heaven on earth as you could get. After a few minutes, Aralan slowed Hortho down and turned in the saddle. Liana was loping along behind him, tongue lolling out of her mouth, and she was gasping. "Sorry, girl," he said. "It's okay," Liana replied. "What I wouldn't give for a rabbit or two tonight," Aralan muttered to himself, turning to face forward again and nudging Hortho into a trot. "Rabbit stew would be nice." Liana made a mental note of his statement, and when he stopped for the night she ran off. Aralan called after her, but she ignored him. There was a hint of something foul on the air, but Liana ignored it. There was a much stronger scent: rabbit. Raising her snout to sniff the wind, Liana adjusted her path and spotted the rabbit. She stopped at once. Sneaking up slowly until she was a few feet away, Liana pounced. The rabbit had, however, heard her and was now running off. Liana darted after it, quickly catching and killing it. It was a fat, juicy smelling thing, and Liana imagined just how happy Aralan would be to have it. Trotting back into camp with her head held high, Liana laid the rabbit triumphantly at her Master's feet. "Look what I got you," she said proudly. "Why, Liana!" Aralan said, surprised. "How on earth did you know I