Hello! After my failed first attempt at a PJATO fanfic, I'm back with an AU take on the series! Forgive me if you don't like this, as I'm writing simply for fun and to distract myself from self-harm. :( If anyone recognizes me, yes, I'm the kid who wrote Bloodkin and am currently working on Bloodlines for the Inheritance Cycle, and this is written as a what-if, just like my other current project! So without further ado, read and enjoy! The Weapon Thief Chapter 1: My Pre-Algebra Teacher Bites the Dust Being a half-blood is not as cool as it seems. Stop reading now if you're doing it because you're starting to suspect that you're one. Trust me, you're better off believing whatever lie your mom or dad cooked up about your other parent. Try to live a normal life. Go with your hobbies, whatever. Being a half-blood is horrendously dangerous. It almost got me and my friend killed in painful, nasty ways. You're better off without any of that. If you're reading this because it looks like a great piece of fiction, then you're a lucky normal kid. Thalia would probably whack me on the head for saying this, but we envy you. So much. If you think that these pages are starting to look familiar, or if you feel something stirring inside, please stop. Like, now. You might be one of us and if you realize that you a re, then they will sense it too and come running after you. This is my last warning. I'm Percy Jackson, twelve years old. I was a boarding student in Yancy Academy until a few months ago. Don't be fooled by the preppy name, it's an private school for troubled kids here in New York. If you're wondering, yeah, you could say that I'm a pretty troubled kid. It's just not the way that you might be thinking. We could pretty much start anywhere in my miserable life and go on until it gets worse, which we could trace back to that field trip that our sixth-grade class took in Manhattan last May. I don't know why anyone would think that it would be a good idea to load twenty-eight mental-case kids in a yellow school bus even if we had two teachers to watch over us. You might think that visiting the Metropolitan Museum of Art to look at ancient Greek and Roman stuff would be boring and torturous. I have to admit that most Yancy field trips were, but I was hopeful about this one. After all, our Latin Teacher, Mr. Brunner, was leading and he was pretty cool. He's this middle-aged guy in a motorized wheelchair who was really, really cool. You might not think that he is, with his thinning brown hair, scruffy beared and that frayed tweed jacket that smelled like coffee. He knew these cool stories and funny jokes and let us play some games in class. He even had a collection of real Roman armor and weapons, so his class was always interesting. Other teachers easily put me to sleep but he didn't. I kept my fingers crossed, hoping the trip wouldn't cause a lot of trouble even if bad stuff kept happening to me during field trips. Seriously, you won't believe half of them. I blew up our school bus during fifth-grade, when I accidentally fired a Revolutionary War cannon from the Saratoga battlefield. The year before that, we went to this behind-the-scenes tour of the awesome Marine World shark pool. I didn't really mean it when I hit the wrong lever on the catwalk and sent the entire class to an unplanned – and very unwanted – swim. Hate to say it but it happened to me all the time. Believe me, I didn't mean to do any of that and this time, I was determined not to mess up. I even ignored it when the freckly, redheaded kleptomaniac girl, Nancy Bobofit, began to pelt my best friend Grover in the back of the head with chunks of that nasty peanut butter and ketchup sandwich that she loved. I even did my best to make sure that my friends Thalia and Nico did nothing to provoke her. I have to admit that Grover was an easy target. He was very thin and cried when he got frustrated. I'm not sure about it but I think he got held back several times because even if he was only a sixth-grader, he had a lot of acne and already had some sort of wispy beard on his chin. The worst is that he was crippled and was even excused from PE forever since he had this muscular leg disease thingy. It made him walk funny and it felt like every step hurt him – except if it was enchilada day and he could run to the cafeteria to get a lot. This made him way different from our other friends, Thalia Grace and Nico di Angelo. Thalia was this tall girl who always kept her black hair short and choppy. You might think it's weird but it really looked good with her black jacket, black clothes, ripped jeans and combat boots. She also had these button pins of rock bands that were really cool. This getup, coupled with her intimidating electric-blue eyes, made every bully steer clear of her. That, and the fact that her mom was a former starlet with this big, poofy hairdo. We argued a lot but she was pretty cool. Nico was a little on the short and skinny side like Grover, but he was this cheerful kid who acted like he couldn't see or hear the bullies and was addicted to this trading card and figure game called Mythomagic. He had shaggy black hair that kept falling over his wide, chocolate- brown eyes that were a little crazy at times. He wore brown aviator jackets over a skull-printed shirt and grubby jeans most of the time. He loved comic books and we would talk about them all day with Grover since we were roommates. Anyway, Nancy Bobofit knew that my friends and I couldn't do anything to stop her even if the sandwich bits stuck in Grover's curly brown hair because Thalia, Nico and I were already on probation. Yep, the principal already threatened us with death by in-school suspension if anything bad, embarrassing or mildly entertaining happened again – which seemed to keep happening around the three of us, even harmless Nico. "I'm going to kill her," I muttered. "It's okay," Grover told me. He dodged another piece of Nancy's lunch. "I love peanut butter!" "No, it's not okay," Thalia growled in irritation from behind us. She had a deadly look in her eye and I could almost imagine lightning bolts shooting out of them. Pretty weird, but not really. "That's it," I said, starting to get up. Grover pulled me back to my seat, though. "Percy, you're already on probation," he told me. "You'll all get blamed if anything happens." Nico picked off wads of food from Grover's hair from behind, as he was sitting with Thalia. He looked really scary when he glared at Nancy. "I don't like it either but we have to behave," he muttered. Seriously though, it would probably have been better if we ganged up on Nancy Bobofit in the bus and suffered from in-school suspension. The trouble we got ourselves into was seriously way worse, but don't tell Nico that. He thinks it's really cool. Mr. Brunner led the tour by riding up front in his wheelchair. He guided us through big galleries that made really weird echoes. Thalia's eyes widened at the statues and pottery in the glass cases. Thalia and Nico talked in hushed voices about how this stuff survived for thousands of years. Seriously, it was mind-blowing. We gathered around some stone column that had a sphinx on top. It was at least thirteen feet tall and kind of creepy, but Nico's eyes widened and he started listening really intently as Mr. Brunner told us about this stele, or grave marker, for a girl who was around our age. I almost expected him to take notes when the carvings on the sides were discussed, but I knew Nico better than that. He was dyslexic, like Thalia and me. I seriously did my best to listen, really, because it was all interesting, but the kids around me kept talking and I couldn't tell them to shut up. Our math teacher from hell, Mrs. Dodds, would give me an evil eye. She was a mean, little old lady from Georgia who was around 50 years old. That didn't stop her from wearing a black leader jacket. Hey, she looked mean enough to ride a Harley out of your locker to scare you to death! She came to Yancy halfway through our year since our last math teacher had a nervous breakdown. Gee, I wonder why? She adored Nancy Bobofit, outright refused to acknowledge Nico's existence and figured that Thalia and I were devil spawn. Whenever she pointed that crooked finger at us and said, "Now, honey," really sweet, it meant that we had after-school detention for a month. She once even made us erase answers out of old math workbooks until midnight. Since they were my roommates, I told Nico and Grover about it. Nico said that she probably wasn't human and Grover had that serious look when he said, "You're right, you know?" Mr. Brunner was still talking about Greek funeral art when Nancy Bobofit snickered and said something about the naked guy on the stele. I was so irritated that I turned around and said, "Will you shut up?" louder than I meant to. Everyone laughed except my friends. "Now you're in trouble," muttered Thalia. I wanted to hit her. "Mr. Jackson," he said, "did you have something to say?" I flushed in horror and glared at Thalia. "No, sir." "Well, then," he said, pointing to one of the pictures on the stele. "Could you tell us about this picture?" Lucky me, I actually recognized the carving. "Er, that's Kronos eating his babies, right?" I asked. "Yes." Still not satisfied. "He did this because…" "Kronos was the king god and…" "Titan," Thalia hissed. "Titan," I repeated, giving her another death glare. "He didn't trust his kids, who were gods, so he, uhhhh, ate them? His wife hid the baby Zeus though, so she gave Kronos a rock instead. He's probably not very bright if he thought the rock was a baby. When Zeus grew up, he tricked his dad, Kronos, to barf up his siblings and so there was an epic battle between the gods and the Titans. So the gods won." Some kids were snickering behind me. Nancy Bobofit turned to a friend and mumbled, "As if we're going to need this in real life. Do you think our job applications would include something like 'Tell me why Kronos ate his kids.'" "To paraphrase Miss Bobofit's question, does this matter in real life, Mr. di Angelo?" Mr. Brunner asked, glancing at Nico. "Ha! Busted," Thalia muttered with an evil grin. "Shut up," Nancy hissed. Her face glowed redder than her hair. Boo-hoo. Mr. Brunner had radar ears and could always hear it when she said something wrong. He's cool like that. "Hey Nics, you okay?" Grover asked. Nico went white as sheet. He hated being called on in class, hated speaking in front of all these mean kids. He looked around and shrugged. "I don't know, sir," he said quietly. Mr. Brunner looked disappointed. "I see. How about you, Miss Grace? No idea? Mr. Jackson?" His face fell even more as we shrugged. "Well, then. Half credit to Mr. Jackson. Zeus fed his father a mixture of mustard and wine so that Kronos would disgorge his five children. As immortal gods, they grew up and lived undigested within the Titan Lord's stomach. The displeased gods defeated