All seemed normal at Number Four, Privet Drive. The leaves on the trees were changing, the occupants of the houses went along with their evening as the crisp November air surrounded them. No one noticed the owls that swept by or the strange cat that had placed itself on perched up in a tree, laying lazily. The cat laid there, a gleam in its eye, almost as if it was waiting while the colors of fall fell into the early darkness of the season. It was only when the busy street went to sleep that the cat moved. Jumping down the tree with grace and ease, the cat moved to the lamppost at the end of the street. Hidden under the lamppost was a man, with a long beard and spectacles that he wore low from his blue eyes. "There you are, Minerva." The man addressed the cat. The cat promptly turned into a woman who looked severe with her dark hair was swept into a tight bun, sharp nose, and tired eyes. "Albus, you cannot be serious. These people live to prove the Muggle stereotype correct. No magical child should be left here. That man will sap the magic out of him!" "Minerva, I promise you, all will work out for the greater good." "The greater… Albus, you will not spout that nonsense at me. I am not a child meant to blindly follow. I am an adult who can see reason. And as an adult who can see reason, I am telling you that this is by far the most idiotic plan I have ever had the misfortune to hear! And I had the Marauders for seven years!" "This is the only way, Minerva," he said calmly as a noise above head grew in the quiet night. She didn't need to look up to know who was coming, the giant on a flying motorcycle wasn't a sight she saw everyday, but it was the small baby flying with the giant that had her concern. McGonagall scoffed as the bike found skidded on the pavement. "Albus! Every child in our world will know his name." " All the more reason to leave him here." "So he can be verbally and physically abused until he is eleven? You have gone insane in your old age, haven't you?" "No one would do that to family, Minerva. Trust the plan. It will all work out…" "For the greater good." Minerva interrupted. "Yes, you've said. I just wonder whose greater good you're interested in." Hagrid held the one year old in his arms, tears slowly falling down his face. "No," she demanded, pulling the sleeping child from the giant's arms. "It won't happen like this! Find us when you have more common sense." She scolded, disapparating with a crack in the night. Appearing in front of the Burrow, Minerva hoped her plan would work. Molly Weasley already hand her hands full, Merlin knew, what with those clones of Fabian and Gideon. The thought made her pause. So many lives lost in this war. If only Albus had handled that boy earlier. Clearing her head, she walked down the dirt path and knocked on the door. "Minerva, is that you? What has Bill done to warrant a home visit?" Arthur Weasley said, answering the door and allowing her in. "Bill hasn't done anything, Arthur. I have a favor to ask of you and Molly, but you must never tell Albus. If that will be an issue, I'll go to Frank and Alice." "Minerva, what is it? Wait, is that… I heard about the Potter's, of course, but I didn't think… How did this happen? Albus said they were safe." Molly started, staring at the bundle in Minerva's arms. "James and Lily were killed by You-Know-Who late last night, yes. Before I go any further, you have to vow never to tell Albus what happens here. I cannot stress enough that you shouldn't contact Albus the minute I leave." Minerva said, tight lipped. "Why, yes, yes of course." Molly said with wide eyes, opening the door with a baby in her hands. "I'll just go put Ginerva down." "I'll follow and lay Harry down with her, if you don't mind." "No, not at all. What is it that you need from us?" Arthur said, following the woman. "You know we are will to help, after what happened to the twins." "I need a safe place to keep Harry, only until I can find a more permanent place for him," She told them, watching the two little children sleep, as if nothing was wrong. "Is he gone then?" Molly asked, sniffling a few tears. "We can't be for sure, but his followers are still out there, and Harry isn't safe until everyone is in jail. I need to go find his Godfather, before this mess gets any worse." Minerva sighed. "But knowing Sirius Black, he is already in trouble." The next day the Ministry was still cheering and celebrating the defeat of the Dark Lord. No one noticed as the professor walked into a lift, her head held high. It had only been two days since the Potters were murdered. Two long, tiring days. So much had happened, and Minerva couldn't catch her breath from the chaos, let only a good night's sleep. The Longbottoms were still sane, that much she had put together from Dumbledore's ramblings. Sirius Black was sent to Azkaban for the murder of Peter Pettigrew. Barty Crouch was on a warpath, attempting to put any wizard or witch in jail for the even muttering the words Death Eater. When the lift stopped, she took a deep breath and pushed her way through the doors of The Magical Law Enforcement Office. She didn't stop to say hello to the secretary, but pulled out her wand and pulled out the file on the one person who she knew would care for Harry Potter like he was his own father. After all, they were brothers by choice. Pulling up the sleeves of her robes, she marched into the office of Amelia Bones and Barty Crouch. Both had papers that exceeded a simple stack on their desks, and flowing onto the floor. "I would like to speak with whoever is in charge of the case against Sirius Black." Neither of them looked up from their desks, quills moving in haste. With a simple flick of her wand, the papers scattered, becoming birds and flying across the room. "I will not ask again," she said firmly in the mess. "Professor McGonagall!" Bones screamed over the noise. "This is not how we deal with murder charges or any case of magical law in general! Sirius Black killed a dozen muggles and Peter Pettigrew!" "Technically, Amelia, it's, yes, 12 muggles and Peter Pettigrew. But, I believe this department has a history of not caring about muggle lives. So let's focus on the one you do care about: Peter Pettigrew. Would you care to tell me exactly which curse causes a man to disintegrate so wholly that a finger is the only thing left? And, if such a curse exists,why is the finger the only thing left? I assume, since you were so swift to toss him into that soul sucking hell hole you call a prison, you know the answer." Minerva said, giving the two adults a look she reserved only for students misbehaving severely. "Now, wait just a second, Minerva!" Barty Crouch huffed, offended that a mere professor would question his ability to do his job. "We didn't need a trial! He confessed! We found him laughing at the remains, saying 'I killed them! I killed the Potters!' If that's not a confession, then I don't know what is!" "I suggest you go back to school, then, Bartimus. He needs a trail. Every other assumed Death Eater is getting one. You will not condemn a man to death without hearing what he has to say. Use Veritasium." Minerva's tone brokered no arguments. "Minerva, you can't come in here and demand these sorts of things. If we allow you to do this, we'll lose control." Amelia Bones tried to argue. "Amelia Bones, I expected better out of you. If you refuse this man a trial, I will personally make sure every witch and wizard begins to question the justice system. I am a teacher, as you both well know, and I will use that power to undermine you the best way possible. I will get students to become adults who ask questions and demand answers. Those are the basics of education, in any case, so I wouldn't be abusing my position. Now, shall I go get Sirius Black or will you be sending Auror Moody. Merlin knows he's the only person in the entirety of the MLE who isn't a massive screw up." Minerva replied, eyes gleaming fire undisclosed rage. "Send the owl to Moody," Crouch hissed, attempting to turn the papers back into papers. "And then will the trail be? Minerva demanded, "Or will I need to turn one of you into a clip board to make sure this is done properly?" "Give us two day, that's the best we can do," Amelia groaned. The waves crashed on to the rocks as the wind howled against the prison. The air was frozen, like the water on the walls. Sirius Black didn't notice. His back was plastered onto the wall in the dark corner, whole body shivering in fear and cold. He was getting used to the noises, the screaming and voices that echoed words from the past. People were reliving their worst moments, and he was one of them. The Rat Bastard running away from him, his eyes seeing only red as he ran to avenge two of his closest, non judgemental friends. This place wasn't for him, it was for his deranged family members. He let out another laugh, the irony of his running away from this life. It caught up to him in the end. The knocking on his cell didn't pull him from his thoughts, but the sounds of the shackles to bind him by the skin snapped him into focus. "C'mon, Black, time to prove your worth," The grunting voice of Mad-eyed Moody came. "No one will believe me," His croaking voice came, a deadpan laugh echoing in his voice. "They all think I'm crazy." "Well, they will keep thinking it if you don't get up and come with me. Your choice, Black. Stay and rot, or claim your innocence." "What?" was the most intelligent thing that Sirius could come up with. "What do you mean I get to claim my innocence? How did that happen? Thought I confessed, or whatever?" "Seems Professor McGonagall doesn't think you're confession what good enough. Demanded that Bones and Crouch give you a full trial." Moody said gruffly, ready to get out of the dank prison. "Best be on our way before I decide to leave you here." "NO! No, take me with you." Sirius begged, pride all but gone after the last few days. "I plan to. Shoulda heard the row McGonagall had with Bones and Crouch. I ain't comin' back without ya." "Good job, Minnie." Sirius said tiredly, wearing out quickly from his excitement. Damn Dementors already had him conditioned not to feel. "Now, Black, we're late!" The grumpy man added, as the twist of apparition overcame him. It took a few seconds for Sirius to get his bearings, but when he did, he was met with a vicious crowd. It seemed everyone thought he would betray James. This war really has done a number on people. He wanted to scream back at them, but instead he was pulled to a chair, his hands and feet shackled to the ground. Veritaserum was shoved down his throat without his consent, not that it needed giving. He felt the potion take control of his mind. "On this Fifth day of November, 1981, we call the Wizengamot to order.