Hi guys! So I didn't really want to start a story but I wrote this a long time ago but I didn't want to post it. In my opinion, this is a terrible story but I was legit forced against my will to post this by my best friend, LiveLifeToIt'sFullest47 who didn't wait for me at lunch! lol anyway before you read this story, please know that I don't think it's good, its very dramatic, all the health stuff is incorrect so just deal with it, and that it is very long! lol thanks and enjoy my one-shot that turned out to be 4,231 words long! Just to set things up, this is after the Hunger Games and everything, Peeta and Katniss are alread married and they have no kids! Now enjoy! :P Peeta's POV: I take Katniss to the bakery to show her how to make a cake. My co-workers are making stuff for display so I have the afternoon off to stay with Katniss. We make the cake and stick it in the oven. "Now, we wait," I tell her and she smiles. I love it when she does this. Waiting time to her means time for us. I give her a kiss and we walk out of the kitchen and I prop her up on the counter. It's late so the bakery is closed. I take out all the money from today and start to count it. A few minutes later, I hear the ding from the oven telling us that the cake is ready. Katniss goes into the kitchen to take it out. Suddenly I hear a huge blast coming from the kitchen. And then another one. And another one. I feel an enormous amount of heat come over my body. There is a fire in the kitchen. I rush to the kitchen to find nothing but black smoke and flames everywhere. One of my co-workers jumps out of the smoke and rushed out the door. A few more co-workers come out but no Katniss. I have to save her. I get on my knees to avoid the smoke and I crawl on the ground, searching for Katniss, dodging every flame that comes. "KATNISS!" I yell to her. The noise is so loud, I can't hear myself scream. My throat fills with the black smoke and I cough non-stop. My leg catches a flam but I quickly put it out. It hurts but I have to find Katniss, I tell myself and I push through. "KATNISS!" I try again but still no answer. I dodge another flame and I start to hear moaning followed by coughing. I try to stop myself from coughing just to hear where the moans are coming from. Then I see a huge lump with a piece of wood on top that's in flames. "KATNISS!" I grab the wood and throw it then I try to put the flames out that are on her shirt. She groans and coughs and I am determined to get us both out, alive. I quickly, but gently pick her up and climb through the back door. There are firefighters surrounding what was the bakery and the moment I run out with Katniss in my arms, they take action. I collapse on the ground, finding no strength to carry on and I feel someone take her out of my arms. I am too weak to follow her so I just lay there, coughing through the black smoke, trying to find oxygen. I feel a pair of hands on me and I am rolled into someone's lap. They someone puts an oxygen mask around my face and tell me to take deep breaths and I do. Suddenly, I am lifted onto a cot and they wheel me away from the burning building. I look around to see paramedics treating all my co-workers but I don't see Katniss. I start to take off the oxygen mask but when I do, I regret it. The paramedics place it back on and then tend to my burn on my leg. I let them wrap it up and when they start to wheel me into an ambulance, I stop them. "Peeta, we have to get you to a hospital to treat your leg," They tell me but I force myself to my feet and start to hobble over to the ambulance parked right next to me but I am pulled back. "Peeta," They say while holding me back. I let them and watch someone being lifted into the ambulance. They are very badly injured, both legs covered with bruise and burns, another arm completely burned and a head injury. Their hair, covered in soot and a layer of sweat covering their body. It takes me a while to realize through the burns and the oxygen mask that it's Katniss. I pull out of their grip and run over to her, ignoring the throbbing pain in my leg. By the time I reach her, Katniss is already in the ambulance so I start to climb in but another paramedic stops me. "Please, she needs me," I tell her but they seem unconvinced. "I'm her husband," I tell them and the nod their head and I climb in right next to Katniss. She's unconscious which in my opinion is a good thing because that way she won't have to feel all the pain. But the paramedics do everything possible to get her awake. They inject something into her arm and I see her eyes open a little bit but squint at the pain. They tilt her head towards them to hold her oxygen mask tightly to her face as they shine a light in her eyes. She says something but I can't hear it. "We'll be there soon, just hang on," they tell her and I see a tear slide down her cheek. It breaks my heart to see her this way. She says something again and this time I can hear it. "Pe-eta. Is he- okay?" She asks them and that's when I know that she doesn't know I'm in here with her. So I take her other hand, the one that isn't burnt badly and hold it. And she carful turns her head to me. I can tell this is painful for her but she does it anyway. "I'm right her Katniss, I'm not going anywhere," I tell her and I have to do everything to hold myself from crying and hold her in my arms. "Pe-eta," She says and then passes out again from all the pain. I continue to hold her hand until we get to the hospital. She is whisked to the operation room and I am brought to another room to be treated for my leg. It hurts but I cannot compare it to the pain Katniss must be feeling. If only I was there for her. I promised to protect her but look at where we are now. I have never had to deal with an oven misfunction but the one time I wasn't there, it happened and now Katniss has to pay for it. I'm so sorry, Katniss, I think. The doctor puts some cream on the burn that stings unbelievably. I tense up, hoping that the pain will go away and eventually, it does. Finally, for what seems to be hours, they wrap my leg up in a special cast for burns and I am wheeled to another room. "Is Katniss out of surgery yet?" I ask on of the nurses. She takes a while to answer me which gets me nervous. "No, she's still in operation but I will let you know when she's out," She tells me and I sigh. "Is she okay?" I ask her. "I don't know, I haven't checked in a while so I will go find out and let you know," She says and walks out the door. The remaining nurse puts something into my IV and when the medicine reaches my blood stream, my eye lids get heavy and I fall unconscious. When I finally wake up, I am alone in my room. I don't know how long I've been out but I have to been with Katniss. I slowly take out my IV and I grab my crutches that are resting against the wall. Then I start to make my way to find Katniss. Unfortunately, I pass on of my nurses and she stops me. "Peeta! Where are you going?" She asks me. "Katniss. She needs me. And, I need her," I tell the nurse and she smiles slightly. "Okay, well, have a seat," She says gesturing to the guest seat in the hallway. I am confused at what is happening but I sit down anyway. The nurse sits down next to me. "Katniss is okay. She is in the room down the hall. You're very lucky. They lost her several times on the operating table but they always managed to get her heart starting again. Her legs are injured pretty badly and her right arm caught on fire so that's the worst of the burns. It's also broken from a piece of wood that fell on it. And the worst, she has a major concussion that may involve…" She pauses and I'm afraid of what she's going to say next. "Memory loss," She finishes. Memory loss? Will Katniss know who I am? I stand up and adjust my crutches. "Thank you," I say to the nurse and I make my way down the hall. I look at every clipboard to see which room Katniss is in. Finally, I come across the clipboard that has her name on it. Katniss Mellark. . Her nurse sees me in the window and before I can open the door, she opens it . What is with all the nurses trying to stop me from getting to Katniss, I ask myself. "Hi Peeta, Katniss is okay. She just got out of surgery and is still unconscious. You may see her but she is very delicate. I ask you, not to touch her," She tells me and I nod my head and walk in the room. The nurse closes the door so we can have some privacy. My world is falling apart at the sight of my wife. Her legs, all bandaged up and her arm, a cast covering up to her shoulder. And her head, wrapped in bandages, covering the wound that might cause memory loss. How could I let this happen? I promised to keep her safe and she almost died. I take a seat next to Katniss. The nurse asked me to not touch her, but how can I not? I gently brush her hair out of her face and tuck it behind her ear. Then I hold her hand. I can't take it anymore, I think and I start to cry. I rest my head on my stretched out arm, holding her hand. I cry and cry and it's nonstop. The tears just keep coming and coming. I'm not one for crying but how can I not when your wife was just badly injured in a fire that you could have protected her from. Suddenly, I hear her coughing and I look up. She continues to cough but her eyes are still closed. The nurses' rush in I drop her hand and get out of the way. They quickly fill her IV with medicine and Katniss starts to calm down. They press her oxygen mask tightly to her face and after 5 minutes, she finally stops coughing. "She still has some smoke in her lungs," One of the nurses tells me. "In a few days, she'll stop coughing," She tells me. I nod my head and they all leave. Except on nurse, that stays so that when it happens again, she'll be there to take care of it. I sit back in the hair next to her and I stare at her eyes that are still closed. I