Hello lovely people! So just real quick I wanted to say that I hope you guys like it and enjoy! I don't own anything Chapter 1 Bella POV "I hate you." I growled at the stupid little stone plaque that held my father's name. Charles Joseph Swan 1971-2012 . I kicked some dirt over it for good measure. Satisfied with myself I turned and walked away from the fresh grave. I'm not going to say that I didn't love my father because I did, but years ago I had buried that love and traded it in for the hate that I now feel. I was done with all of his bullshit and now I would never have to deal with him ever again. After mom ran out on us when I was ten Charlie got in deep with drugs as a way to "cope" with the pain and never looked back. When I was fourteen he lost his job at the Chicago police department and it fell upon me to take care of him. So I got a part time job, and when that didn't cut it I got another one. But as you can guess a kid working two part time jobs was not enough to pay the mortgage so we were kick out of our home and we moved into an apartment close to the South side. We barely got by. With Charlie feeding his habit and me working and going to school things were extremely tight. There were months where I couldn't pay the rent and day when I couldn't afford to eat. So when I turned sixteen I got my GED and dropped out of school. I began working full time after that. I didn't get the "normal" teenage experience, life just sucks like that sometimes. I've been taking care of Charlie's drugged up ass for years now and I was glad to be done with it. I'm not even exactly sure how he died. I do know that it had something to do with him ODing and a shooting but that's about all the police would tell me, they couldn't tell me more because there was an open case or something. When I went to identify the body he resembled nothing of the man I had looked up to as a young girl. The drugs had taken a real toll on him physically and mentally. His face was splotchy, covered in scabs and sunken in. His were still open and sunken far into his head. His body was thin and covered in scabs and track marks. I took one look at the man I no longer knew, nodded my head yes then walked. There wasn't a funeral, but I had to spend what little money I had managed to save up over the years on his burial. Even in his death he still found ways to screw me over. But there was nothing that I could do about it now and I would never have to worry about him ever again so in a way it was almost worth it. Nah, I'd still rather have the money actually. I spent hours of hard earned money on a man that I hated. I felt tinny drops of water fall on my face, looking up I noticed that it was starting to rain. I quickened my pace hoping to make it home before it got too bad. But three blocks latter I was walking in a heavy downpour and I was still ten blocks from my apartment. I cursed to myself as I ran into a nearby bar. The place was poorly light and smelled like stale alcohol but it would have to do until the rain let up. There weren't many too people hanging around seeing as it was only about two on a Wednesday afternoon but there was a grungy looking man sitting at the bar slowly sipping his drink and a couple of well dressed men in the back playing pool. I made my way towards the bar and took a seat. The bartender had his back to me so I slammed my hand down on the counter to get his attention. He turned around to glare at me but I just smile back at him. He was a big bulky man with a shaved head but I don't scare easily. "Two shots por favor." I said. He just shook his head at me before turning around to get my drinks. Luckily he didn't card me seeing as I'm only nineteen. "Hard day?" He asked me in a gruff voice. "Hard life." I sighed. He let out a small laugh. "Isn't it for all of us?" He placed the drinks down in front of me. I just smirked as I downed the first shot. I put down the glass and quickly grabbed for the next one finishing it just as quickly. I closed my eyes for a moment letting the alcohol do its work. I heard someone sit down next to me and when I opened my eyes I noticed that it was one of the men from the back. He was dressed nice in a blue dress shirt and black dress pants which was unusual for this part of town. His blond hair was slicked back in a way that made it look greasy but his face was attractive. Not in an 'I'm going to jump your bones right here' kind of way but he was good looking. "Hey baby, can I buy you a drink?" He smirked at me. I looked down at the two empty shot glasses in front of me. "You just did." I smiled back at him. He laughed and scooted closer to me. "How about another one then?" He placed his hand on my thigh. "I'm good, but thanks." I pushed his hand off of my leg looking away from him. I was not in mood to be hit on by creepers at the moment. He stood up and walked so that he was standing behind me. "Come on, don't be like that." He grabbed my shoulders and leaned his head in so that his lips were almost touching my right ear. I cringed at his close he was to me. "You know you want it." He whispered in my ear. "Get off of me." I said slowly. He just chuckled. "You and me could have a lot of fun." One of his hands began to wander towards my chest. I stood up abruptly pushing him off of me. "I said get off!" I shouted at him. He fell into a small table behind him effectively knocking it and himself over. My chest was heaving. I did not need this shit right now. "You little bitch." He spat. He quickly stood up and made his way back towards me. "You're going to pay for this." I stood my ground, not moving an inch. I was not going to give into this asshole. "Hey," The bartender shouted getting everyone's attention. "That's enough. Just leave the girl alone." The guy glared at the bartender. "This doesn't concern you." He sneered. "James, why don't you just leave her alone?" The guy still standing by the pool table called out to him. "Why don't you shut the fuck up Ben?" James bit back. I made a move to head towards the door but I didn't get two steps before this James guy grabbed my arm. "Where the hell do you think you're going?" "Away from you." I said. I tried to pull out of his grasp but it was no use, he was just stronger than me. He put him face right up next to mine again. "You're not going anywhere." I was trapped, so I did the only reasonable thing that I could think of in the moment, I kneed him in the balls. James grunted and doubled over in pain. While he was hunched over I took the opportunity to kick him to the ground. He hit the floor with a satisfying thud. "Next time keep your hands to yourself." The Ben guy ran up to James to check on him. While they were preoccupied I slipped out the door and back into the pouring rain. "This suck." I said to myself. I was lying on my bed in my shitty apartment all alone trying to figure out what to do next. It wasn't even a real bed, it was really just a mattress sitting on the floor with pillows and blankets covering it. It sounds bad but it's really not. It isn't much but its mine. Sitting up I decided that I was going to throw away all of Charlie's stuff. I stood up and walked into the living room. The living room and kitchen is all one space. Against the far wall sat a small old stove, fridge and sink with limited counter space. The counter space didn't even matter to me anyway, I can't really cook. My diet consisted of off brand ramen, canned soup and spaghettios. Yeah, I didn't even buy the real stuff, too pricey. I don't even think the fridge works. I made my way to the side of the room that was covered by old sheets, this was Charlie's space. This apartment only has one bedroom and since I pay the rent I got the room. I have never actually been in Charlie's space before, there was no need for me to before this. I'm actually a little afraid of what I might find. I took a deep breath and pulled the sheets back, what I saw didn't surprise me even a little bit. A dirty old mattress sat on the ground with nothing covering it but needles. Next to it sat a box from our original move flipped over so that it could be used as a table. Dirty clothes sat piled up in the corner next to a lamp and that was it. I quickly got to work pulling the sheets down and carefully throwing everything into the box. I made sure to put on an old pair of gloves before touching any of his shit. Who knows where any of it had been, plus I wasn't going to risk getting pricked by one of the needles. Luckily all of Charlie's stuff fit in the box, everything except for the mattress. I picked up the box and made my way out of my apartment and down two flights of stairs to the dumpster on the side of the apartment building. I threw the box into the dumpster and headed back up the stairs for the mattress. It was going to be such a pain in my ass getting it out to the dumpster. The building doesn't have an elevator so you have to use the stairs for everything. I let out a sigh as I grabbed onto one side of the mattress and began to pull it out of my apartment. When I got to the stairs I got a great idea and just shoved the mattress down the stairs. So getting it down the stairs just became easier than I thought it would be. I ran down the stairs after it then pushed it down the next flight. When I got it to the main level I grabbed the mattress and pulled it out of the building and to the dumpster. I leaned the mattress up against the dumpster and turned to head back into my building. When I was about to walk through the door I heard someone call my name from behind. "Bella!" I turned around and saw that it was Candy. A huge smile crossed my face. "Hey!" I screamed. Candy ran up to me in her usual uniform, torn up fishnets, a black mini dress, five in heals and a faux fur coat. "Hey girl." She stopped short in front of me. I tackled her with a tight hug, she hugged me back just as tight.