" Grub" Pairing: Gríowyn. (Gríma/Éowyn) Genre(s): romance/action. Universe: Movie-verse. Rated: M Disclaimer: J.R.R Tolkien is the man- you know, the man that you'd want to talk to regarding the ownership of these characters. Note: Although it may seem it at first, this is not a "making Gríma seem like a creeper-stalker man" fiction. It will get better. (extends pinky) I promise. Re-edited/reuploaded: 10/20/2016 (1) 'Pitiful, pale worm.' This was the first thought of fair Éowyn, whose porcelain-skinned hand held a twig with which she prodded gently at a curious insect nestled in the dirt before her. Her naturally dark eyelashes nearly kissed her well-molded cheekbones while she observed the attempted escape of the larva. Those lush, pink lips curved at the corners in a serene smile. Such a beautiful expression did not last long. Her thoughts turned to the very reason as to why she sat there in the plush, green grass, playing in the soil: to escape the stark, cold hallways of Meduseld, to escape those luminescent, blue orbs that recorded her every breath from the shadows merely for that small ounce of solace that the outdoors granted her, knowing that he wasn't stalking her in the darkness, undressing her with his eyes- A shiver wracked her womanly frame at the idea of the pleasures Wormtongue must receive from frightening her so. Her icy stare focused on the worm that had managed to burrow its thick body halfway beneath the moist peat. "In order to keep your life, you must burrow deeper and deeper beneath this weighted-down soil. Does it not smother you? Do you ever want to return to the surface for a breath of pure air?" she interrogated, her eyes soft to the grub. Her thoughts once more took hold, drowning her. She knew of Gríma's oily tongue and that he had the heart of a betrayer. She could smell the deceit wafting from his dirty, warm-looking robes. Éowyn straightened suddenly, her brow furrowed. " Warm-looking ?" The Shieldmaiden scoffed. She gathered herself, stood from her company of the grub and began up the path to the cool interior of Meduseld. Night drew soon nearer; the sun was nearly below the horizon at the time. She would not want to cause worry to her family for her absence when the sunlight was spent. Her hair billowed behind her with a dusken breeze, her mind in heated reprimand of herself regarding the untrustworthy advisor's cloak. "Honestly... I would rather be served unarmored as a meal to a feral warg than have such opinions," she announced to no one in particular of her previous opinion, save herself, as she had to reassure her loathing for the slimy, grey-skinned- "Counselor!" The boom of Éomer's voice in the vacant hall had caused her to visibly jump. She slid to the side, hiding herself behind a graciously wide pillar near the entrance. Her gaze was wary as she peered out from her refuge. "Why do you stand idly by when you are to be searching the archives under Théoden King's order?" her elder brother growled at the greasy courtman. "I was making way to the East Hall, as the desired record was not to be found in the West," was Wormtongue's reply, a sprinkle of hesitance among his carefully chosen words. Éowyn allowed herself to feel prideful behind her disgust. She stepped out from behind the pillar, making it look like she had waltzed into the hall at the very moment that the confrontation between the men had begun to intensify. She sent a brief smile her brother's way, holding her head high while skirting past Gríma. She could almost feel the chilling aura surrounding him follow her on her way to her chamber. The hall was dark. Too dark. An unnatural dark. A feeling of ice lodged deep in her belly caused her to shiver as she groped about, sightless, for a wall to guide her. 'What is this darkness? There were pairs of torches burning brightly but an hour ago down the whole of this hall!' she thought, incredulous. Behind her, the sound of a weighted cloak swooshing around hurried footsteps echoed in the silence. Said steps were, from what she could tell, catching up with her at a formidable pace. A great wave of uneasetook over her. She bet herself that it was the Wormtongue, scurrying after her with his excuse of looking for the desired scrolls in the East Hall, but she knew that he could craft any permit to haunt her steps. She hastened and, listening fervently, she knew that her presumed pursuer was as well. Her icy gaze narrowed so to seek any detectable detail in the heavy dark. Ahead, she could see the outline of what appeared to be a large, misshapen man. "Gamling?" she called, striding forward. She was nearly able to reach out and touch the unnamed shape before her in the dark when suddenly a hand shot forth from behind to cover her mouth while another pulled her back by the waist. Her heart pounded fiercely within her chest. A scream built up inside her throat; she inhaled deeply to prepare, but she was silenced sharply. "Dare you not breath a word, my Lady. So much as a murmur from your downy lips may relieve you of the privilege." The voice was nearly inaudible, however hot in her ear. Éowyn's full lungs became lax; the hand slowly, reluctantly even, lifted from her lower jaw along with the hand at her abdomen. The tingling warmth of the informant behind her dissipated and the chill of the slimy, stone wall replaced it as she was guided to the side. Éowyn could sense the master of the whispered voice creeping closer to the hulking shadowed mass ahead. Closing her eyes to attune herself to the dark, she was able to hear all . The faint 'pat' of lambskin boots against smooth stone floors, the frantic breathing that belonged to the owner of the creeping lambskin boots, the stealthy release of a dagger from its hilt, the rugged snorting of a bestial, daunting being. The sounds painted a picture in the princess's mind that the lightless area could not offer. She silenced her own breath even further, making it seem like she had vanished into the shadow. At once, the picture of the scene faded from her train of thought when the sounds stopped suddenly. Swallowing to moisten her throat, she gripped the wall. "G-Gamling...?" she whispered. Her utterance was drowned out almost immediately by the panicked war-cry of a man and the tilling of a silver blade. A scuffle; thick material sliding along the floor; a heavy mass crumpling against stone; strangling silence. Éowyn was sure that her body was numb. She forced her eyes open and at that moment, none other than Éomer burst onto the scene, bright and crackling torch in hand. "Éowyn! What is this racket?! And this darkness?!" he demanded, surveying the area. The torch that he raised revealed all. Sprawled on the floor was a horrific creature, one of formidable stature indeed, and seemingly one of fable. The General crept closer, seeing that the monstrosity made no move of alert. Placing the light to level of his eyes in order to see, his brows rose in disgust. The beast's body was longer than a Man's with a far more muscular build, drowned in leather armors. The hands and feet were also eerily similar to a man's, only broader with large talons at the tips of each digit. However, over the hulking mystery beast's shoulders sat the head of an orc, disfigured from torture, branding and whips. Sparse patches of hair grew from the green-tinted scalp- stringy, dark. The dried, cracked lips were peeled back to reveal needle-like, jagged teeth of a dark coloration, and the monstrosity's golden eyes stared dull with death. "Such an abhorrence..." Éomer muttered, his mane of golden waves shaking with his head in disdain. He turned then to his sister, who remained plastered against the wall. "Are you harmed, my sister?" "No... I am well," she replied calmly, looking at the patchwork corpse upon the floor. Her steely grey eyes examined the scene, looking for an extra body which might belong to her savior. She spied none, much to her disappointment. Yet as she turned to alert a fellow courtier of the event that had just transpired, a small movement caught her attention. A pale hand twitched a finger from beneath the orcen beast. The pallor was easily recognizable. Suddenly, the hand fisted and forth from beneath the muscular beast came Gríma Wormtongue. "Counselor!" she gasped, kneeling by his side. Normally she would have been more than ecstatic to see the grey-skinned liar buried beneath the weight of corpses, hopefully with him in the same condition, but the moment was not nearly appropriate. She knew. "Éowyn, stand by the Worm," Éomer instructed of her. "I will alert the King." He hastened away once she had given him a nod of consent. His torch remained in a grasp affixed to the wall, allowing the maiden to keep a better eye on her charge. The blond shifted closer to the corpse, her brow furrowed and nostrils flared due to the foul odor wafting from its hulking body in an attempt to roll it off of the adviser, but he grabbed her wrist. She peered curiously at the raven-haired man, whose piercing blue eyes pleaded her not to. "I am offering my aid to you, Worm, and you refuse me? I have thoughts that would lead me to think of this moment as a sick dream of yours," she snapped, her stare fierce. Gríma shook his head, licking his lips hesitantly. "Oh, my Lady, do not doubt that I would greatly cherish your aid more than all of the gold in Gondor," he answered, his tone dripping with sexual longing. Of course the greasy guru would think of the perverse side of the phrase. However, rarely had he done anything to refuse the princess, especially when she had offered her help. He released her wrist, but held up his hand as if to tell her, 'Stop, don't.' He managed to squirm out from beneath the behemoth, wrapping his cloak around his body quickly. Although the fabric stunk of oversized orc, he bore it. He could not let her see him grovel. She already thought him weak; he could not bear it if she scorned him again. Not this day. Éowyn stood against the wall, watching his every move. Gríma lifted himself to his feet, using the opposite wall for support. His teeth dug into his lower lip, and a cold sweat glistened across his line-creased forehead in the glow of the fire. His inner thigh burned; five inches of cold, Mordorian steel cutting deeper into his near-white flesh. "You tremble," she spoke, her voice strong however still shaken from the attack. "From the adrenaline of your," she paused, seeming to have difficulty speaking the word, " noble act?" "My lady, I tremble for no act. Merely your golden breath sends shivers down this wretched man's body," he replied softly. "Spare me your twisted words! I have no desire to hear your voice speak of me in such a manner." She pushed from the wall, approaching him in a dangerous way. "You will keep your poisoned thoughts within the barrier of what mind you may have. Poison me not, for I will not succumb." His eyes shifted, darting about for a moment like he was guilty of a crime. His grey lips were licked once, twice. "Although..." Éowyn glanced from the corner of her steely silver eyes at the fallen mass, the black blood that drained from its neck wound reflecting the flickering flame that hung on the wall. She straightened herself, stepping an inch closer to the adviser. "I will acknowledge that you have kept my life. Expect no thanks from me, but-" She swallowed, finishing her oath through