p style="text-align: center;"Chapter one: Returned/p p style="text-align: center;"It felt cold, the insides of the empty room, void of furniture, my mom's voice broke the silence that flooded my once cramped room. I looked at my mom, her head was poked in the room, her ebony hair hung around from her head almost down to her chest. I always admired my mother's looks, her creamy pale skin was like porcelain, along with her chocolate brown eyes that were always full of love and warmth./p p style="text-align: center;" /p p style="text-align: center;""Honey, come on I want to leave on time, we have a long drive ahead of us." Her soft voice echoed out into the empty room./p p style="text-align: center;" /p p style="text-align: center;""I'm coming, just saying goodbye to this place," I responded before turning around picking up the last bag that sat next to the door. My mother's eyes met mine they were full of sadness but also had hope and happiness. I smiled lightly at her, grabbing her hand gently. I ran my thumb over her knuckles, I stared at the connection between us for a moment burning it into my memory, I didn't want to lose this. We dropped our hands and went down the stairs, the rest of our stuff was already on its way to Washington, my mom's friend came to get most of our furniture with her truck the night before./p p style="text-align: center;" /p p style="text-align: center;"I slipped on my old worn out sneakers and flung on my gray jacket, my mother told me it would be cold in La Push by now it being early September, school would be starting again. I surely was going to miss my friends, but I missed La push a lot especially the weather and wildlife. My mother and I moved out of La Push seven years ago we left when my dad died… he died because of a bear attack out in the woods of La Push. My mom never liked to talk about it, it was the main reason we left./p p style="text-align: center;" /p p style="text-align: center;"We hopped in my mom's blue jeep it was packed full of our suitcases. We pulled out of our driveway saying goodbye to our home once more before driving away towards la push. It felt strange going back there seeing all the people we use to know, and our old house, I smiled at the thought before putting in my headphones and leaning my head against the door drifting off to sleep./p p style="text-align: center;"- /p p style="text-align: center;""We're here!" Mom yelled as she put the car in park, I jumped slightly slapping my mom on the arm lightly. She giggled "Sorry!" before jumping out of the car I followed./p p style="text-align: center;" /p p style="text-align: center;"The house was just as I remember, two stories painted a dark brown with a porch wrapped all the way around the house, it was all set up in a small forest clearing only a small gravel driveway leading to the main road./p p style="text-align: center;". My mother's friend had arrived before us the truck she drove was already being unpacked, buff looking dudes came in and out of the home carrying furniture and boxes into the house./p p style="text-align: center;" /p p style="text-align: center;""Emily!" my mother yelled before hugging her friend,/p p style="text-align: center;" /p p style="text-align: center;"my mom pulled back and gestured a hand towards me, "This my daughter Eleanor, Eleanor this is Emily Young, Or Uley I should say." My mom said I stepped forward holding my hand out towards the copper toned woman./p p style="text-align: center;" /p p style="text-align: center;""Please, call me Ellie," I said taking hold of Emily's hand softly./p p style="text-align: center;" /p p style="text-align: center;""It's so nice to finally meet you, Ellie," Emily said her voice was soft and motherly, so was her face she was beautiful despite the scar that reaches up towards her brow, and down to her jaw the scar made her even more beautiful in fact./p p style="text-align: center;" /p p style="text-align: center;""Boys, come meet Karen and Ellie." Emily hollered at the boys bringing in the furniture,/p p style="text-align: center;"they walked over there was three of them all tan and muscular with cheeky smiles on their faces./p p style="text-align: center;" /p p style="text-align: center;""Ellie, this is Embry, Quil, and Paul," Emily said pointing at each boy./p p style="text-align: center;"The first one Embry, was tall and slender, with russet skin, cropped black hair and brown eyes. Second in the line was Quil he was shorter than Embry, more muscular, with brown eyes, darker skin, and an impish grin./p p style="text-align: center;" /p p style="text-align: center;"Finally, there was Paul tall just like the other boys, with brown eyes, and black hair. His stare was the least friendly, more of a glare than anything else. /p p style="text-align: center;" I smiled at all of the boys most of them smiled and waved, " Hey, I'm Ellie." I sad feeling a bit awkward under their stares./p p style="text-align: center;""Ellie, do you mind helping the boys finish up with the unpacking?" My mom asked, I smiled and nodded running over to my mom's jeep opening up the trunk pulling out two of our suitcases and started hauling them towards the front door. I looked over at the boys as I struggled to pull the suitcases up the stairs, my jaw dropped Embry was carrying the dining room table by himself, Quil had two large boxes, and Paul moved a piece of our couch by himself. I stared in awe as they walked in and out Embry snickered at me, and I stuck my tongue out at him before continuing to bring the suitcases in the house. I sighed and wiped the sweat from my brow and took a look around my new room it was on the second floor, and the walls were painted a pale green the same color as my eyes my mom always said./p p style="text-align: center;" /p p style="text-align: center;"The boys and I finally finished bringing in all of the boxes, furniture, and luggage. After it was all over mom said her and Emily were going out to eat and catch up I told her I would stay and unpack boxes. I came down the stairs of the second story the guys were still in my house finishing things,/p p style="text-align: center;" /p p style="text-align: center;""Thanks for helping guys this would have taken me days otherwise," I said with a generous smile./p p style="text-align: center;" /p p style="text-align: center;""It was no problem Ellie, You're going to the school in La push right?" Embry asked I nodded, he seemed the friendliest of the three./p p style="text-align: center;""Yep, Final year of hell, you guys go there too right?" I asked rubbing the back of my neck slightly "Yeah, all four of us including some of our other friends." Embry stated/p p style="text-align: center;" /p p style="text-align: center;""Who?"/p p style="text-align: center;" /p p style="text-align: center;""Oh uh, Leah Clearwater, Jacob Black, and a few others,"Embry said while pulling his shoes on, "Oh cool I hope I get to meet them." they hung around for a little longer before they stated that they needed to leave./p p style="text-align: center;" /p p style="text-align: center;""We better get going Ellie, see you at school," Embry called out as all four of them exited the door. "Oh ok see you then Thanks again for all the help," I said waving at them before closing the front door. Now to try to get some of the unpacking in my room done./p p style="text-align: center;" /p p style="text-align: center;"Three hours passed of me unpacking and placing things, I grunted and stood up looking at my progress my room was half way done. I sighed and headed downstairs, I then remember we had no food in the house, I placed a hand over my stomach and felt it growl. I should go out for food. My mom sent my car down here a little bit before we left she said that the keys are on top of the front right wheel. I wrote a short note for my mom and left it on the counter, I then threw on a pair of dark jeans and a black long sleeve shirt./p p style="text-align: center;" /p p style="text-align: center;"I looked at myself in the mirror before leaving, my long jet black hair hung past my chest it was slightly tangled but relatively straight that framed my pale petite face along with my slightly darkened pale green eyes. I sighed and ran a hand down my face, it would be good enough. I left the bathroom and grabbed my purse by the front door then grabbed the garage and house keys. I pushed open the garage door to reveal my 1995 evergreen Volvo wagon, I grinned and grabbed the key from the wheel and hopped in. I cruised the streets of La Push for looking for a sufficient food place. As I drove down one of the dark streets a bright diner sign shown above I smiled and continued driving. I pushed the door to the diner open, a woman's voice greeted me telling me I could sit anywhere, I looked around the restaurant was mostly empty except for a few locals and one or two regulars they glanced over at me before returning to their coffee and cigarettes. I noticed an empty booth next to the window and slid into the patent faux leather seat and glanced over the menu. Everything about the dinner was supposed to take the customer back to the 60's or something, with the red neon light overhead paralleled by a lime green neon light and the black and white checkerboard floors, it was cozy. The waitress came by and got my order, A burger with lettuce, no tomato, and pickles with a chocolate shake and large side of fries. I fiddled with my fingers as I waited and tuned my ears in to listen to the men sitting at the bar. One of them was talking about the bear attack that had been going on of recent he kept saying that it wasn't the bears that were attacking but, something much more monstrous his buddies just laughed it off. The waitress setting my milkshake and food down on the counter broke me of my eavesdropping, the smell of the food was so enticing I could feel my mouth water. "Thank you," I said with a smile, the waitress nodded and walked off./p p style="text-align: center;"~/p p style="text-align: center;"My stomach was stuffed, I had finished off the last of my shake when the waitress came over handing me the check I placed the cash and tip on top and headed out of the diner. I started my drive back home, my car being the only one out on the streets at the moment. My eyes wandered to the forest that lined the road, catching movement in the darkness of it almost like a bear, but it's head turned at the last second displaying a dark pair of eyes. I gasped before a horn turned my eyes away from the forest and back on the road. I swerved dramatically back into my lane and avoided hitting the other car head on I let out a small surprised yell and could feel my heart beating out of my chest "Ellie stop being so careless." I scolded myself aloud regaining my composure./p p style="text-align: center;"~/p p style="text-align: center;"I pulled into the gravel driveway. My mom's car was already back she was probably sleeping by now. I locked my car and threw the keys into my purse then headed inside. I opened the door to see the lights off, I softly made my way upstairs. My room was half done, but I at least had my bed made up, I threw off my jeans and shirt putting on a baggy t-shirt then rolled into bed falling asleep thinking