REQUIEM. NOTE: This is an alternate story for The Hunger Games, and the characters consist entirely of original characters; created on two RP forums where I happen to be an active user. Basically, I wanted to create a story where the characters were forced against each other; because some of them happen to be good friends, lovers, friends with benefits—and the entire concept of them being placed against each other in a fight to the death is something that really interests me. Disclaimers, ownerships and credits are at the end of this first chapter—and I hope you enjoy it! Reviews are appreciated, for they tell me what people think of the story; which is going to be very slow paced, just saying. - Satan. CHAPTER ONE: Tributes. ( DISTRICT 1: Jamie Madrox & Jaden 'Jay' Parker. ) The Reaping was something that brought great excitement to District 1, as it was a day that offered teenagers an opportunity to volunteer willingly; so that they could bring honour to their families, and the district that they had worked so very hard to keep within good rumours with the Capitol. The early morning air was filled with familiar scents; ones that could be recognised as perfume, hair products and just the general smell that told visitors from the Capitol that they were superior to the other districts that would be participating within the Hunger Games this year. And despite the fact that the district was indeed superior to many others; there was still the aspect of Two and Four, whom were also known to have a reputation within the Capitol that could help them once they were all placed into the arena—and that brought a smug smile to the face of the escort, whom looked over the crowds of teenagers and anxious adults whom stood in front of the stage; all awaiting to hear the results, ones that would make others volunteer, to be voiced. Jaden Parker, nicknamed Jay, stood amongst the eighteen year old females; adorned within a dress that flowed so prettily within the soft breeze, coloured like a beautiful Rose Quartz with the slightest shimmer to it. She bounced anxiously on the balls of her feet, which were clad within off white pumps, and brushed her dark brown hair through her fingers; she was maybe one of the few citizens of District 1, whom wasn't the most excited person to be standing between two girls that she didn't really know too well—staring up at the escort who was dressed in a rather excessive amount of metallic colours; specifically gold, that glistened prettily within the sunlight that beamed down onto the district. The woman, speaking with the eccentric Capitol tone of voice and accent, repeated the same lecture that Jay had heard since she had been born; and the brunette had since learnt to simply tune the dramatic escort out, instead focusing on her own luck. She had been forced into this since she had turned twelve; and she had never once been chosen. Three more months, she had told herself this morning; three more months and she would be freed from the terror that was the Hunger Games, because she would be nineteen. Teenagers within the Capitol would never realise the relief that was brought to potential tributes, when they realised that their nineteenth birthday was approaching them—it was something that she had seen even the toughest looking teenagers greet as though it were an old friend, whom had thought to be dead; the relief that flooded them, because they could now focus on becoming something that didn't require murdering teenagers who had been forced into an anonymous location that had been created for the entertainment of men, women and children who dressed in excessive colours and accessories. Three more months, she had repeated to herself as she had slipped her hair up into a French braid. Three more months, and she could date the attractive boy in the hair salon without fearing that either of them would be ripped from each other by the games; she could be free. ( ) Standing within the opposite crowd to the females, Jamie Madrox stood amongst the sixteen year old males; wearing a soft blue shirt that had been lurking in the back of his wardrobe since he had turned sixteen, and a simple pair of black trousers that were just a notch up from the type that he wore throughout his days. Unlike the brunette who was anxiously bouncing on her feet within her own line, Jamie stood without the same presentation of nerves that she had; instead he stood rather still, his black dress shoe clad feet only tapping against the smooth stone beneath them every now and then. His index finger ached from where he had been pricked to confirm his identity, but his racing heartbeat seemed to distract him from the throb that prompted soft trickles of crimson blood to roll down the digit—his fearful eyes staring upwards, searching for something that would rescue him from the fate that he had his suspicions about facing this year; he had been growing more and more nervous, suspicious and anxious about his fate since the start. His name was within the reaping ball on five pieces of paper, and while he knew that there were other teens who were in there many more times; especially if they were claiming tesserae, but Jamie continued to be anxious about the situation. While he was looking around the general area, he noticed how pretty today was—an ironic thing, considering that today was the Reaping for the 67th Hunger Games, and the sun was shining brighter than ever; peeking through the tall, industrial buildings that filled District 1—beaming upon the morbid faces of the teenagers, adults and children that stood around; attempting to bring even the smallest smile to the faces of the younger victims within this cruel world. With the shrill voice of the escort echoing around the square, it was difficult to focus on the soft feeling of the breeze washing over the crowd; cooling them down in their states of mixed emotion—it was only easy to focus on the woman with a prominent hourglass figure teeter about the stage, her frighteningly tall stilettos clicking against the surface. It's time, Jamie thought as he watched the metallic dressed woman lean over the reaping ball that possessed the names of each female within the district. She had crooned in her ever patronising tone of voice, that it would be ladies first—and Jamie carefully exhaled a breath, because while it was only prolonging a fate for a male within their district; it gave him the time to relax himself, in case he completely collapsed due to the name being called replicating his own; or the name of someone he was close with, male or female. He found it somewhat amusing—the fact that he was the son of two equally frightening parents, and a member of District 1; but he was someone who was too kind to be in such a cruel reality, where he was expected to accept murder as though it were a loaf of bread within District 12—as though it were the best gift that he could ever receive. Honestly, Jamie didn't know what had prompted him to be so very different from his family; he liked to think it was because he was born with a good heart, but having a good heart didn't mean anything if someone was brought up to believe in a specific routine—a specific belief; it just didn't happen, unless there was something conflicting the routine and beliefs. Perhaps watching the games with his parents, who cheered for their favourites and booed for their hated tributes, had taken an early toll on his mind; perhaps he was just as much as a freak as those in the Capitol, who followed trends—food, fashion, decoration—that placed their lives at risk; so that they could have animal bodies, almost like the muttations that they seemed so fond of within the games. And don't even get him started on their make-up, or the bold colours that seemed to lace their bodies; some of them admittedly looked quite unique and beautiful, such as Effie Trinket, but Jamie would never consider the vicious woman up on their own stage to be anything other than false and an absolute eyesore—he pitied anyone who would have to spend the next few weeks within her presence, especially with her shrill voice and seemingly touchy-feely behaviour. "...Beth Nickles!" The escort called into the silver microphone, her enunciation and closeness to the microphone bringing a loud pop; and Jamie carefully brought his attention towards the end of the line of the eighteen year old females, where a petite redhead with sharp features—deep eyes that twinkled with sadistic lust, pale skin that seemed to both blend and make her more prominent; perfectly arched eyebrows and a defined nose; while her hair was thrown upwards into a tight ponytail—stood next to an equally petite brunette; who definitely had a softer appearance with her sweet Rose Quartz coloured dress. Jamie couldn't make out the complete details for what the redhead was wearing, but she seemed to be wearing mostly white and blue; perfectly contrasting the girl next to her, as she started to step out of the line; only to stop and turn back to the other girl. The brunette called, "I volunteer as a tribute!" It was enough to draw a couple of startled expressions and gasps from those who stood around, betting and watching their fellow district members go off to die, and the redhead who had appeared almost joyful when her name had been called—she now looked like the brunette had betrayed her; as though her volunteering to go into the arena for her, was possibly the worst crime that the girl could do to her, as she watched the smaller girl be tugged from the crowd by the five Peacekeepers who had approached to collect the redhead—Jamie didn't know much about her, other than the fact that she was Beth Nickles and a notorious bitch; someone who was willing to do absolutely anything to make sure that she was the star, even if it meant manipulating to the extent of pushing others to suicide. If rumours were true, Beth was also sleeping with the boyfriend of her best friend; whom Jamie assumed was the kind looking brunette who was being guided towards her death, completely oblivious to Beth. ( ) It was frightening, really—standing up on the stage; everyone staring at her, as though she were going to do them proud in the arena. No one seemed to know that she hadn't done so well within the elite training that had been offered to her and Beth; who had done exceedingly well, and was really more lethal than Jay would ever manage to be within her entire life—which would undoubtedly be ending within the Bloodbath that would commence on the very first day of the games. Why had she volunteered? She had stood up, because Beth was her best friend and she deserved a life that wouldn't be plagued with haunting memories of the people she had killed in the arena; no one deserved that, except maybe the Capitol and those who found it entertaining to see children and teenagers fight to the death—or become mauled by the muttations that chased after them all. Yes, perhaps only those terrible people deserved to experience the haunting memories that would undoubtedly come; if Jay managed to make it through the first week, that is. The escort chirped, "Your name, dear?" Her shrill voice seemed to be that much louder now that Jay was standing directly next to the woman, inhaling a perfume that could have been nice had it not been hitting Jay like a tsunami; most likely due to the fact that the woman had placed too much on, or maybe because she was in District 1