Draco Malfoy was and would forever be a punctual man. He prided himself on his ability to keep time, though this gift often caused him more grief than it was often worth. Especially, he groused, when others failed to share his preference. He tried his best not to look impatient, but this bloody witch was late. Two minutes late, but nevertheless, not on time. He huffed arrogantly as his eyes swept the great atrium of the Ministry of Magic. It had gotten quite the facelift after a certain bloody witch had taken over. There was an ornate garden surrounding the giant fountain that at one point was supported by the bodies of muggles. He had to agree, it was quite the upgrade. In its place were proudly sculpted figures of all types of creatures, from wizards to hippogriffs (he grimaced), to centaurs. The flora was being tended to by a group of witches and wizards in bright yellow robes. Herbology apprentices could be spotted a kilometer away, if not for their robes but their raucous laughter. He caught sight of Longbottom instructing a young apprentice on how to hold a certain plant that seemed none too pleased to be uprooted from the soil and waved around by an inexperienced wizard. To the left he noticed a band of twenty young children paired off looking around the ministry, as their professor pointed to various offices and features of the atrium. Their eyes wide, many of them whispered to each other excitedly, pointing to a figure walking across the main pathway. It was then, he noticed, that a certain third of the Golden Trio was making his way over, jet black hair still flying aimlessly in a cry for help. The children were besides themselves with excitement as the Harry Potter waved at them. "With all of your fame, you think you'd find a bloody barber to fix that mop of hair on your head," he drawled sarcastically. "It gives me my boyish charm, Malfoy." he grinned, throwing out a hand to meet Draco in a firm handshake. "And besides, Ginny likes it, so who am I to complain?" Harry Potter had grown quite a bit since the epic Battle of Hogwarts. He was still shorter than Malfoy, an easy feat considering he had reached six foot three, but gone was the Boy who forever lived. His green eyes finally looked relaxed, except when a reporter or avid fan tried cornering him for the latest gossip of photograph. "How is the Weaselette doing these days? Still humongous carrying your millionth child?" Harry Potter smiled like an idiot in love. He ran a hand through his hair as his eyes glazed over in delight. "You know she's a Potter now, you may as well call her Ginny. She won't take to being called Weaselette at next Sunday dinner." Malfoy rolled his eyes and chuckled. Over the last few years, an unbelievable truce was placed between the House of Potter and House of Malfoy. The Prophet had a field day, posting front page articles every time the two were seen together. After denouncing his father, Malfoy had been essential to the search and imprisonment of hundreds of Death Eaters who had evaded capture during the battle. That certainly aided the now Head of the Auror Department, while giving Malfoy a head start on repairing the Malfoy name. "You didn't deny how huge she is though." Harry just winked and looked towards the door behind Malfoy. "She is forever running late that one. I swear, she does too much and people know she loves to do it all herself. She's going to run herself out. Good luck." "So I hear. First day and she's bloody late," Malfoy huffed. A pair of hurried footsteps came from behind him, and he turned, taking in the flustered witch who was now four minutes late. "Honestly, it's four minutes. Wizengamot let out late because they couldn't decide what theme the Memorial Ball should be this year. Unbelievable!" And there in all her glory, was the newest Minister for Magic. Hermione bloody Granger. It was no doubt in anyone's mind that this particular witch would take over, but no one expected it to take less than ten years to do so. Starting in the Department for Regulation and Control of Magical creatures, Hermione made highly lauded progress for the acceptance of all magical creatures with a heavy focus on the treatment of werewolves. From there, she became the Deputy Head of Magical Law Enforcement, and alongside the Chosen One, wiped out two dozen laws protecting purebloods from various imprisonments. Not that he minded, of course. "Good morning to you too Minister," he drawled lazily. A slow flush crawled up her neck and spread across her cheeks as she took in her sworn childhood enemy and best friend casually chatting outside her office. "Malfoy, Potter," she said before placing her palm flat on her door. A soft click and the large door opened. "Malfoy, have a seat. I'll be another moment." Malfoy grumbled and nodded once more to Potter before taking a seat across her well organized desk. He heard her cast a muffliato charm and start waving her hands in irritation at the Head Auror, who was looking anywhere but her face. Their altercation gave him time to take in the office, which seemed to have been modified a great deal since he last stepped foot inside of it. His father and Fudge had some business to attend to, and he was left sitting in the corner trying to eavesdrop news on Potter. Oh how times changed. The office was warm and inviting, a fire roaring in the far right corner. Books lined the walls every which way, with a tall pile stacked next to a deep cherry leather chair. Pictures adorned the walls, some magical and other unmoving. He noticed many held flashes of ginger hair, as various Weasleys smiled back at him. One picture in particular caught his eye. Unmoving, Granger and what he assumed were her parents smiled outside the Sydney Opera House. They had their arms wrapped around her lovingly, something he could never remember experiencing in all his life. He felt the fleeting jealous pass over him and was startled by the slamming of a door. "He is going to be the fucking death of me, I swear," she grumbled. She plopped her wand on the desk and sat across him rubbing her eyes. "Potter still refusing to die?" Malfoy asked cautiously. She looked up at him, a smile that quickly turned into a genuine laugh. The hairs on the back of his neck stood up and he felt his ears get warm. She leaned back and surveyed him quietly, her eyes twinkling almost as obnoxiously as Dumbledore himself. "Afraid not," she said after some thought. "Although he will meet his maker soon if he doesn't finish his goddamn paperwork." Who knew Granger had such a filthy mouth? Where was the Gryffindor princess? "Well, I'd say welcome to the Ministry but I'm sure you know your way around better than I do. How has your first day been?" She looked at him, genuinely interested. " I met with Crawford down in the Department of Mysteries, which is still bloody creepy by the way," he began. "He showed me where I'd be sitting but that was basically it." She nodded while pulling out a file labeled MALFOY. Wandlessly, she whispered an incantation and the file opened. "If I've learned anything from Unspeakable Crawford, it's that he really does not say much. Not sure why they even bothered with the binding. This job can be lonesome at times, although based on the personality questionnaire, seemed acceptable to you?" She stared at him, a brow raised. "We both know I typically loathe the company of others," he drawled. Granger laughed again, this time putting his file down and looking at him. "Yes about that," she started and he knew in that moment, that conversation , was about to happen. Gryffindor princess was back in business. "This has been on my mind, frankly, since you first applied. Why of all the places would you want to be an Unspeakable and why would you want to work with me, Minister or not? I'm afterall, the filthy mudblood. I know dinner at the Potters once in awhile is completely different than working side by side, which is what we'll be doing." Ah, there it was. He had been thinking about this just as deeply as she had. "Look,Granger- Hermione. I was a complete arse to you, I know. I've done horrible things, some that cannot be excused by my parents manipulations," he snapped despite himself. He drew a calming breath. "I don't deserve your forgiveness or your respect. I want to join this team, and my desire to actually make a difference- even a positive difference, is everything to me." He chanced a look at her, noticing the way she scrunched up her face in thought. He held her gaze as she processed his apology. "Yes you were a fucking git. You bullied me and my friends, you made life a living hell for six years. But I must say you were always quite the inspiration." He couldn't believe his ears, an inspiration? "A what?" He demanded. She began fiddling with some trinket on her desk, some muggle equipment that kept files together? He couldn't remember. "Inspiration, Malfoy. An energy that motivates, or in this case, a person. You see, because of you, I never felt like I would belong to this world. So I had to prove it to myself, to you, and to anyone else that I was in fact more than deserving of magic. That if I worked hard enough, my so called 'unfortunate blood' could be overlooked. So I worked harder, studied harder, practiced harder. And if it hadn't been your constant reminder, I may have given up more easily. I may have relaxed more like everyone else. But my preparedness was ultimately invaluable." He was beyond stunned. Had he caused her to be that self-deprecating? He stared at her, truly seeing her for the first time as her words sunk in. Her wild mane had calmed down quite a bit since her teenage years. It flowed down her back without restraint, unlike the many pureblood witches he had known. Her petite frame had filled out in time, not skinny like the Slytherin girls who would use all kind of tricks to slim down. No, she was built like a warrior now. Her clavicle was peppered with freckles he had never noticed before, and beyond that a pair of supple.. Her face had also been dotted by tiny brown freckles, especially her nose, and her warm brown eyes stared at him in interest. He sat up straighter and finally replied. "You too, were my inspiration to succeed Granger," his voice more hoarse than he intended. "Every summer I'd have to hear about the 'mudblood' who was first in class. I'd be punished for not scoring as high. So I too tried harder. Of course, everything changed sixth year." He looked down, that all too familiar rage at everything that was forced upon him threatening to surface. He felt a hand cover his arm and was jolted from his thoughts. "I know Malfoy, and I am so sorry they used you as they did. We were all pawns in a grown ups game. They needed children to fight their wars," she added gently. She moved from him and began pacing behind her desk. He watched as she finally stood towards the fireplace. Bloody hell, he thought. She had filled out everywhere . "So where does this leave us? We can have a variety of relationship types. I'm not one to play supervisor to those I've known more than half of my life, at least behind closed doors. I rather us be peers, especially in the projects I have