Kaylee rode through the trees, her horse's hooves muffled with pieces of cloth and the pine needle carpeted ground. She looked ahead, her breath coming faster in her lungs in anticipation of the coming fight. There they were, she could just see them through the trees, their horses trotting boldly down the middle of the road. Nine riders. The fools who would be so brazen as to ride through her brother's country and do whatever they pleased. Well, not anymore if she had anything to say about it. Kaylee watched as they slowed their horses at a signal from the one in the lead, an old man with long silver hair and a gray beard, wearing long gray robes and carrying a twisted wooden staff. "We'll camp here for tonight." his voice carried across the road to her waiting ears. The rest of the party began dismounting, unpacking saddle bags, and stretching their legs. Kaylee took this opportunity to study her opponents. The four hobbits didn't look like they would be too much of a problem. Two of them were busy peering over the old man's shoulder as he supervised the beginnings of dinner while the other two were engaged in quiet conversation. She doubted the old man would be much trouble either. She turned her attention to the bigger threats, the elf, the dwarf and the two humans. They all looked like seasoned fighters, and the elf carried a bow as if he knew quite well how to use it. She would make them her primary targets. Once they were down the others would fall easily. The girl tied her horse's reigns to the branch of a large tree, swinging smoothly down from the saddle. This would go better if she attacked from on foot. She drew her twin blades and they came free of their sheaths with a quiet "Shhhnik." She took good care of these blades, as could be seen in their shinning metal and well polished hilts. They were her way of life, and her only friends. A small, cocky smile drew up the corners of her mouth. This was what she was supposed to do. This was her purpose. This was life. She crept forward to the edge of the trees, as close to the party as she could get while still remaining out of sight. The elf was looking around suspiciously. Could he have heard her? Impossible. He turned to the human beside him and she heard the low murmur of his voice. "Aaragon." he said, and then slipped into Elvish. Kaylee wrinkled her nose in disgust. She hated Elvish. It was a dumb language, and she always had trouble when they talked to fast. Still the elf's words were simple enough, and Kaylee found that she could understand them quite easily. Maybe she was getting better with elvish stuff. "Do you think someone is following us?" the elf asked the swordsman. The swordsman shrugged and replied in much faster Elvish that Kaylee had a hard time catching. "I don't know. I have felt something was off for a while, ever since-" Kaylee couldn't understand that part. She picked it up again when the human went on with "Perhaps we should tell Gandalf." The elf gave a small nod of his head. The two were turning back to the fire and Kaylee saw her chance. Without hesitation she lept from the cover of the trees, her swords flashing bright silver around her. She would have had them if the elf hadn't turned and shoved the human to the ground, just as Kaylee's sword sliced through the air where his head had been only seconds before. Kaylee growled in frustration and swung at the elf. He had no time to draw his sword and even if he had it wouldn't have done him any good. Kaylee was fast, and she was good. He didn't have a chance. Suddenly her arm and hand were thrown back, away from the elf. She looked to see the old man with his stick pointed at her, a glare in his eyes. The elf took advantage of this to draw his own sword and come at her, striking down hard towards her other sword. Kaylee could tell he was just trying to disarm her, but she was in no mood to play nice. She saw that the human was back on his feet and was coming towards her as well. All the others around the small clearing had also drawn their weapons and were watching her with wary, ready expressions. Fine then. She would just have to kill them all. She twirled, meeting the elven blade with her own and neatly knocking it away. With her other sword she parried the human's blow. By the time the two had recovered her swords were back up and she stood ready a few paces away, watching them through narrowed eyes. "Bring it on." She muttered, quietly. The elf looked at the human and nodded. The human stepped forward his sword slicing towards her while the elf danced lightly back, pulling his bow from his back and drawing an arrow. Kaylee scowled and parried the fighter's blow with one blade, knocking him on the head with the hilt of the other. She jumped towards the elf who was setting his arrow to the string and neatly chopped his arrow in two. She brought her other blade up to hit him as she had the human but he sidestepped quickly and caught her sword arm in one hand. Kaylee frowned and twirled her wrist, angling the sword down to slice into his shoulder. The elf's expression hardened but other then that he gave no sign that the cut had hurt him as he shoved her sword up higher, his other hand forcing her other sword out to the side, away from him. She began to twirl her swords again but stopped when a knife appeared at her throat, or more accurately a short sword. "And that is quite enough of that, I think." said the old man, walking towards them. "Legolas, if you would be so good as to remove her weapons. Frodo, keep that sword ready. No reason to take any chances." Kaylee scowled at the tiny hobbit holding the sword while the elf gingerly took her swords from her unresisting fingers. The old man nodded. "And check her for knives. My dear, you can remove your weapons yourself or Legolas can do it for you." Kaylee scowled some more and took a careful step back, away from the end of the hobbit's sword. She pulled knives from her wrist sheaths and tossed them to the ground, then removed the ones in her belt and in her boots. "I think you might still have a few more on you." said the human she had first hit, appearing from behind her holding his head. Kaylee frowned at him then pulled out four more knives and tossed them down to join the others. "If you're going to kill me then get it over with already." she said impatiently, putting her hands on her hips. The elf nodded and drew his own dagger. "That is not a bad idea actually." he said, taking a step closer to her. Kaylee stood firm, not even bothering to glance at the dagger, her eyes on the elf's face, daring him to do it. "Wait Legolas." the old man said, in a firm commanding voice."Let's discuss this." He was listening to something the human who hadn't fought was telling him and nodded in agreement. "Yes, not a bad idea, Biromear. Not bad at all." The dwarf was beside him as well, adding his own gravely speech to their quiet conversation. The human swordsman and the elf walked over to them while the rest of the hobbits crowded around Kaylee, making sure she wouldn't escape. Kaylee stood aloof and watched them all unconcernedly. If she was going to die so be it. At least she wouldn't have to go back to Gondor. "What is it Gandalf?" Legolas asked, a frown on his face. "We should get rid of her now before she has a chance to learn more about us. Perhaps we can leave her in the nearest village, if she does not hear too much." "No so fast, elf." Gimli, the dwarf said with a hearty chuckle. "We've got better things planned for her." "What things?" the swordsman whom Legolas had referred to as Aaragon asked. "You're surely not planning to torture her." "No, no." Gandalf said, shaking his head and stoking his long gray beard thoughtfully. "We were thinking she would make a valuable addition to our group." "What?" Legolas asked, amazed. "You must be joking. She just tried to kill us." "Exactly. So we already know she's a good fighter." the man beside Gandalf, Biromear said. "Come on Legolas. You know we are going to need all the help we can get in Mordor." "She's dangerous." Aaragon said thoughtfully. "But perhaps that can be controlled if we strike some sort of bargain with her." "No." Legolas said forcefully. "It is to risky. And even if she did agree not to kill us, would you trust her? And would she even be able to hold her own against what awaits us in Mordor? She would be more of a hindrance then a help." "I have a proposition." Gimli put in. "A single combat fight between the elf and the girl. If she wins, we tell her who we are and what were doing and ask her to join us. If she fails, we kill her, or tie her to a horse and leave her in the next town or something." Legolas scowled but the others were nodding thoughtfully. "Very good idea, master dwarf." Gandalf said. "What do you say, Legolas." "If I beat her, she goes, correct?" he asked. Gandalf nodded. "Fine then." The elf turned and walked away from the group, stretching his arms and rolling his shoulders in preparation. Gandalf turned to Kaylee. "We have decided. Legolas will challenge you to a single combat fight. If you win, we will tell you whatever you want to know. If you lose, you leave without knowing anything. You must tell us why you attacked us though." "Why should I care who you are, or what you're doing?" Kaylee demanded still scowling. "Why should I bother to fight him anyway? Or tell you anything?" Gandalf nodded towards the hobbits. "Because at the moment we are the ones with the upper hand. We are giving you this chance, you would be wise to take it." "Well, I've never been wise before I don't see why I should start now." she retorted. She glanced at the elf. He was a good fighter, true but one on one she could defiantly take him. It would be easy. Then once he was dead she could go on and kill the others. If this was the only way she could convince them to give her her weapons back then so be it. They would all be dead by the time she finished anyway. Aaragon noticed the way she was watching Legolas and quickly added "It's not a fight to the death. You fight to disarm only. If you try to kill him we will kill you without hesitation." Kaylee snorted. As if they could kill her. How rediculas. Gandalf nodded, his eyes narrowed as he looked at her. "Strider." he said, purposefully using Aaragon's assumed name. "Take a bow and keep it ready. If she attempts to kill Legolas, shoot her." Aaragon nodded and took the bow Legolas passed him, setting an arrow to the string and sighting on Kaylee. She just rolled her eyes. "Fine." she muttered. She glared at Gandalf. "Do I get my weapons back, or do you want me to fight him unarmed?" The hobbits picked up her daggers and took them away, but one of them gave her one of