AN: Sorry for all the gaps, I am having a few little problems with my computer. Please read and review. Disclaimer: I do not own Percy Jackson. Percy's Pov A year had passed, and Apollo and I have four young kids, and I loved them, a lot. Sirius and Orion were identical twins, with black hair and blue eyes. Ariel had blond hair and green eyes and she was very small, and slim. Alice was slightly younger than Ariel, two months younger to be precise. Alice was quite tall and she had green eyes and black hair and looked very much like me if I was a female. " Percy? Are you awake?" " Yeah." I said turning over to look at Apollo. " Are you okay?" " Just tired." I murmured. He moved to my side and wrapped me into a hug, and I rest my head on his shoulder. He smoothed my hair, pressing a kiss to my head. I was tired after spending the day with the kids. I felt bad that this was how my Mother probably felt when I was born, and she had to look after me. I mean, I know she was a single parent, but Apollo worked. He moved the sun on a morning, and he also had a mortal job. He worked at a hospital and played music at some pubs. He did this, as he wanted our kids to know that they would have to work too, when they were older no matter how important they were. So although I was not a single parent, he wasn't there when they woke up, and he normally wasn't there when I put them to bed or fed them or anything, but he did take a day off a week to spend time with the kids. " Do you want a massage?" He asked, running his hands along my shoulders. I shivered. " Please." He ran his hands along my shoulders, getting rid of the knots of stress in my back. I sighed as he worked away my stress. " Thanks Apollo. When did you become a masseuse?" " It's just something I picked up over the years." " It's nice." " There's a new half blood in the Apollo cabin." " What's their name?" " Her name is Penelope. I claimed her this morning as soon as she came to the camp. She's quite young." " How young?" " She's eight. Her Mum died in a car crash." " Oh the poor dear." " You won't mind, you know if I go and visit her from time to time." " Of course not. She's your daughter." " Thanks Percy." I snuggled into his shoulder. He kissed the crown of my head a few times, and I settled into his neck, and I was exhausted. The kids had kept me up, and I had a terrible migraine, and I had a bit of a stomach ache. " Percy, are you feeling okay?" " I'm fine." I murmured. " You have a fever." " I'm just tired. I'll be better after I've slept." " Get some sleep then, and if you feel better in the morning, then if you don't, I will get someone else to take the kids tomorrow." " Who?" " Don't worry, I've got someone who can take them for the day. It's fine." " I'm tired." Apollo started humming and singing softly to me, and I sighed slightly, snuggling into Apollo's chest. The ring on my finger dug slightly into my hand, but I ignored it, finally let my fatigue come over me. I had actually been surprised to know that immortals could get ill, but it couldn't kill them. I just imagined they never got ill, but from what I heard it was just Gods that couldn't get ill. " Night Percy." Apollo whispered, and with that, I succumbed to my exhaustion. Apollo's Pov I was kind of worried about Percy. He was working too hard, looking after the kids, while running a business from home. He was a leaflet maker and a business card maker as he didn't really get mixed up when using the letters on the keyboard with his dyslexia, and he could use spell checker on his laptop, and he did that when our children were having naps, and between cooking, feeding and all the other responsibilities of a parent. " Sally?" I asked down the phone. " Hello Apollo." " Is there any way you can look after the kids tomorrow?" " Sure can, it's been a while since I've seen by grandchildren, and also for my next book, I am way ahead of schedule, I have had loads of inspiration, and it means I have some time off." " Well, that's great!" " What time do you want me there? Also, are you guys okay?" " Yeah, we're fine, but I think Percy is a little stressed, I am going to send him to see Grover, Annabeth and all that at camp half blood." " That seems like a great plan." " Yeah he hasn't had time to see them in a year. I mean they've come around here, and they've all seen the kids, but he had to be looking after them at the same time, and maybe he should go out for a while. I mean his ADHD will not be flourishing with just looking after the kids." " I know." " Well, I'll see you tomorrow Apollo." " Bye Sally." The phone clicked at the end, and I shifted Percy so I knew he was more comfortable, while making sure the alarm was set to five in the morning, and that the lights were off. As I fell asleep with Percy in my arms, I swore to myself that if the children started crying, I would be the one to go and make sure that they were okay. I knew how to make their milk, and I know how to change them and all that, and I was pretty sure that I could manage it. They actually slept through the whole night, which was a surprise to me. When I awoke, I went and made sure the sun would rise, and that everything was working properly, before I met Sally and told her what was happening, and that I had managed to cook all the meals that were needed for her and the kids for today, that I was going to take Percy to the camp so that he would have to go, and that everyone was waiting for him. " Okay, you go and wake him up." " All right." I walked up to Percy and I's room where he was sleeping curled into a ball with a teddy. I smiled at how adorable he looked, before feeling a slight pinch of regret that he needed to wake up. " Percy?" I asked, running a hand through his hair. " Mmm." He sighed, snuggling closer. " Percy, you have to wake up. I need to drop you off before I go to work." " Mmm? Drop me off where?" " You are having a day off. Some people are waiting to meet you, and I will pick you up when I finish work." " Who is it I am meeting?" " It's a surprise, now come on and get dressed, and then we can take you there." " Fine, just let me shower." " I'll pick some clothes out for you." I said winking, making his cheeks inflame. " Be right back." He came out fifteen minutes later. He was wrapped in a towel, and his hair was smooth and wet. His chest was muscularly, and he looked great. I winked at him. He walked over to me, ready to take his clothes to put on, but I wrapped my arms around him, and kissed him rough on the mouth. He kissed back, one arm keeping his towel up, and the other threading through my hair as I my arms lay around his waist. " I should really get dressed." Percy whispered against my lips. " Or we could just stay here." I whispered. " You have to get to work, and the people I am meant to be meeting will be expecting us, or me, won't they?" " Fine, I guess they will." " Come on then." He said pulling back from the kiss. Percy got dressed quickly. He then turned to look at me, and I kissed him again, before he insisted we went downstairs to check on the kids. Sally was in the kitchen feeding them when we went in. " Mum!" He cried running forward and wrapping her into a hug. " Percy, my baby." " How have you been?" " I'm fine." " From what Apollo has been telling me, you have been stressing out." " I'm fine." " You might want to cut the kids down to maybe two a year you know." " But..." I protested. " Apollo just might want to wear a condom every now and then." Mrs Jackson said. " Mum!" Percy protested. " Well, I know he tops." Percy blushed and buried his head in his hands. I pressed a kiss to his head, and he blushed more, I could just tell. " Say goodbye to the kids, and then we will go, we are about five minutes late as it is." Percy kissed his Mother's cheek, and kissed the tops of Orion, Sirius, Alice and Ariel's heads before taking their hands, and I transported us to Camp Half Blood. " Camp Half Blood?" " People are waiting to see you, even your step children." " Step children?" He asked confused. " Yes." " What? Oh! Apollo!" I laughed. He seemed so embarrassed that some of his step children were older than he was, mainly just because he was a seventeen year old immortal, but it wasn't too bad as I was an eighteen year old immortal, and most of the parents of my children had been between the age of eighteen and twenty one, and they all had been fully consensual. " Daddy Percy." Someone shouted. Percy turned around horrified as Will ran up to him calling him by that name. Percy blushed heavily, muttering 'what is it with people this morning?' " Hey Will." " Hi Dad. Hey Daddy Percy." " Please don't call me that." He murmured. " Sorry, the temptation was too high, and that is what you are known in the Apollo cabin at the moment. Oh and we were wondering if there was a day, you know where we could come and meet our siblings, you know." Percy looked at me. " Sure. I'll find out when my next day off is, and we will arrange it with Chiron." I told him. Percy smiled. " Well, I've got to be going." " See you later." Percy said. " See you." I replied. I pressed a kiss to his cheek, making him blush before leaving, Percy wasn't quite comfortable with public displays of affection. Hand holding and hugging was fine, but beyond that he got embarrassed. " Bye." Will called. Percy's Pov " We were worried about you." " What do you mean?" " So, we've only known you became immortal a few weeks back when we all came back to camp, and Dionysus and Chiron told us. It was weird." " Sorry." " No, it doesn't bother us." " It doesn't?" " Nope, oh and you should hear what the Aphrodite people are doing." " What?" " They are shipping you and Apollo." " What?" " It means when people are interested in two people being in a relationship, and when they like it, and they find everything they do cute. Whenever you and Apollo are mentioned, they squeal and giggle." " Even the guys?" " Pretty much." " Well, as long as no has a problem with it." " Nobody does."