A/N Ok, I'm so sorry. I've got a lot of different cliche's that were much higher up on my list than this one, but I couldn't help it! This was my first bout of pure inspiration in over a week and all you writers out there must get that once you get a visit from your Muse, you have to go with it, right? A couple characters are OOC with their ages to fit the story, but for the most part it'll be pretty close. This is the plot for a story I've been planning. I figured, why not make it a fan fiction for now? Maybe later if this turns out to be a non-fail, I'll make it a story on FictionPress with my characters or something. Enjoy... Annabeth's PO V "Thalia, quick!" They were gaining on us, and fast. They had been for days now. It's rather surprising how fast dead bodies are able to move. We had been running for our lives, for what seemed like an eternity. Perhaps I should back up a bit, so that this story all makes sense… About five years ago, a company that named themselves "The Fountain of Youth" created a vitamin. This wasn't your average Flintstones or gummy bear vitamin, though. The company claimed that if this vitamin was taken once a day, your life span could double, or even triple it's normal amount! Naturally every person above eighteen years of age (as that was the legal limit) bought them up and started downing vitamins with their morning coffee. Technically, the FoY didn't lie about their product. It certainly lengthened your life span… sort of. When the first man to start taking those vitamins died of old age, his body continued to live on. You see, his brain stopped most of it's normal functions, and many of his organs stopped, but he was still alive and kicking so to speak. He was the living dead, literally. Now, the FoY also failed to list side effects to their miracle vitamins. A simple Warning: this product may cause rotting skin, tooth decay, eye-watering BO, and an insatiable craving for human flesh would have been nice. When the first living dead old man died, nobody could tell. His body hadn't started to decay quite yet, and though his eyes were bloodshot, they had looked that way for many years so nobody paid any attention to that anymore. For a few days he continued his life of sorts as though he were still, well, living. Then came the day that the craving kicked in with full force, and he bit his nurse as she tried to feed him his daily pudding cup. Within an hour or so, the virus that the man had contracted from taking those miracle pills had spread throughout that poor nurse's entire body. She too, was a zombie now. Long story short, the virus spread throughout the entire city of Los Angeles, to the entire state of California, to the entire country, to the entire continent, to the entire world. Almost the entire human population was smashed into nonexistence like a piece of gum under a boot. These zombies weren't like the zombies you see on TV and in movies. Oh no, these zombies were far worse. They moved just as fast as they had when they were alive, and they were just as strong. Though they had no memories and no feelings anymore, they still had instincts, and therefore were rather smart in the ways they catch their food. Their food being those of use with still living flesh, like myself. My name is Annabeth. Annabeth Chase. I'm seventeen years old. When the crisis struck my hometown of San Francisco my best friend, Thalia, and I were at the park doing what normal ten and twelve year old girls do: sit on the swing set and talk about boys. Little did I know, my home was being attacked by dead bodies hungry for flesh. As Thalia and I chatted away about my latest crush on the neighbor boy, my stepmother was eaten alive, and my father and two younger brothers were bitten and damned to a non-life of the undead. Thalia and me were on our own. Almost on our own, that is. I won't go into specifics quite yet, but lets just say that Thalia and I lost someone pretty special a year ago to these maggot-infested vermin. Ever since then we've been on the run, continuing the research the three of us had started. Up until this morning, when we were ambushed that is. And now, we've caught up to the present tense… The sun was brutal, beating down on the two of us and making the sweat from my forehead fall into my eyes. As if it wasn't hard enough to keep my eyes from watering in this rotten, smoggy air! "Annabeth, duck into that building over there, it still has a door!" Thalia pointed to a dull brick building that once was glass, but was now made of wooden boards. The door paint was peeling, and the handle was rusting, but it was still a way of keeping out the zombies. We panted harder as we got nearer to safety. Ten meters, five meters, one meter… SLAM! We rushed into the building and shut the door, very nearly chopping off the fingers of a nearby flesh-eater. As they say, close the door on one threat; open the door to a new one. A single, golden blade was pointed at my chest, keeping my back pinned to the door that still rumbled from the beatings of zombies trying to get in. My eyes traveled from the point of the blade, down to the hilt, which was gripped by a tan, calloused hand. The hand belonged to a boy. Green eyes, green like seaweed, stared into mine. Bits of night black hair fell into his eyes as they considered me. If I had to guess I'd say he was my age, possibly a year older. He was well built and strong. My heart thudded in my chest, threatening to burst through and impale itself on the sword. I could almost hear him thinking, W ell, well, well, look at what we have here: a friend or a foe? "Who are you?" His voice held authority in it, and strength. I couldn't trace any fear in his tone whatsoever. "Who's asking?" I asked, still breathless from my run. A bead of sweat tickled my back as it slipped between my shoulder blades. The boy raised one dark eyebrow at me, daring me to defy him again. The point dug the tiniest bit into my skin, almost drawing blood. "I believe I asked you first." He stated coldly. "And I believe that I asked you second." Being stubborn in the position I was in was, probably not a good idea. Thankfully, the boy had somehow come to the conclusion that I was no threat to him, and he let the weapon drop. Relief flooded through me, and I allowed myself to stand up straight and peel my back off of the splintering door. "Percy Jackson." He answered me. Should I tell him my real name? I suppose in this world, it didn't make a difference whether he knew it or not. "Annabeth Chase," I said, keeping a hand on my knife, "And this is Thalia." "Thalia Grace," She added, sending me a look. His brows pushed together when she said her last name, but whatever thought he had he quickly dismissed. "Pleasure," He said flatly. I couldn't blame him, today wasn't necessarily a picnic for me either, "What are you doing here?" Such a welcoming fellow, aren't you? "Staying alive, same as you." Percy nodded, understanding. He gnawed on his bottom lip for a second, and tilted his head to the side as he thought. I must admit, he was rather attractive. Though dating was the farthest thing down on my list of priorities. "Do you want help?" He asked. "We don't need help." Thalia cut in, I nodded in agreement. We'd been on our own for long enough now. "Oh I'm sure, you don't look like you need help." He said. Touché. Lets face it; this wasn't exactly our best day. I stole a glance down at myself. My once green camo pants had faded to brown and grey from being in the sun and dust so much. My off white tank top was spattered with mud, dirt, and blood. I'd tied my matted blonde curls back with a red bandana, but it didn't help to tame the rat's nest underneath. Thalia wasn't looking much better. Though her all black look hid a lot of the blood stains we'd contracted, and her short, black, spiky hair didn't get quite as tangled as my long curls. "We need a place to stay for the night," I admitted, overcoming my pride, "We'll be on our way first thing in the morning." Percy simply nodded, but he didn't look like he fully believed that. "Come with me," He said, slinging his sword through his belt and loping towards a staircase at the side of the room. I took that moment to look around at where we had run into. The door had led us into a fairly large room with cushion-less couches and a big wooden counter. Above us was a glass chandelier that had somehow managed to hang on throughout all of this. An old hotel, perhaps? "Are you coming?" Percy called, his foot already on the first stair, "I don't have all day, you know." Well neither did we. Thalia nudged my shoulder, urging me to go ahead of her so that she could keep an eye on our backs. The two of us followed Percy up one level and onto the landing of a long hallway with doors on either side. Yep, definitely an abandoned hotel. "I'd say it's around noon," He said, looking out the window at the sun, "Everyone's likely in Grover's room." "How many of you are there? And who's Grover?" Thalia asked. "All in good time," He said vaguely as he rapped on a door. "Perce, is that you?" A girls voice yelled through the door. "No, it's Barney. Open up, Hazel!" Hazel? The door slowly swung open to reveal a short, dark-skinned girl with curly brown hair and golden eyes. She looked to be in her early teens, if not younger. This must be Hazel. Percy strut calmly into the room, then turned back to look at Thalia and me. "Are you planning on spending the night in the hallway?" He asked. Thalia eyed me with her electric blue eyes, giving me her " Keep your guard up" look. Cautiously, the two of us entered the room. What I'd originally thought to be a room turned out to be a suite with a living room area, a full kitchen, and what I assumed were two doors that led to separate bedrooms. Seven teenagers sat in various positions around the place. At our arrival, all of them stood with their weapons raised. "At ease, soldiers." Percy said jokingly, "They're harmless." His elbows rested against the plastic counter of the kitchen, looking out at the group. Almost immediately, everyone resumed their earlier positions, but kept their eyes on us and their hands on their weapons. "Harmless my ass," Thalia muttered, gripping her bow. I elbowed her in the ribs. If these people were going to give us refuge for the night, the least we could do was play nice for a few hours. "You know it's rude to linger in doorways," Percy said, "Come in, we don't bite. We chop heads off, but we don't bite." That sent a chuckle around the room. So he was a joker, noted. The two of us stepped quietly into the room, our hands still on our weapons. Four boys and two girls, including the one that had answered