I started this around a month ago, because I wanted to see if I could write my NOTP (which include two of my least favorite characters) but left it for a while and surprisingly, disturbingly, this came very easily to me today. I finished most of this in around 1.5 hours, which is a miracle. I'm sort of worried now. Kidding. It's Dark!Snily, and my first time even attempting to venture into such an arena, so any and all comments, including constructive criticism is welcome. Slight torture scene and sexual scene in the end (nothing too explicit, but better be safe than sorry) I hope you guys enjoy, don't forget to review! :") Lily Evans looked to her left, and then her right before quickly pacing the corridor three times, chanting a single word, a name, in her head like a chant. She opened her eyes to see the wall melt into a simple iron gate, and letting go of the robes she had fisted in her hands, she stepped forward and opened it. She walked in to see an extravagantly furnished room, perhaps too extravagantly, with clear undertones of green and silver. Shaking her head with a fond smile playing on her lips, she made her way to the four poster bed on the far right, just out of sight. A lean body was laid out on the black covers, one hand over his eyes, the other settled on his stomach. She quietly tiptoed around to his side, standing beside him for a second trying to decide on the best way to do this before she just decided to throw all caution to the wind and just go with it. She placed one hand beside his head, and quick as lightning lifted her leg to straddle the now startled black haired teen. As soon as he saw who it was, however, the hand that was creeping towards the wand on the bedstand to his left stilled and then hesitantly changed direction to wrap around the slim waist of the redhead who was by now sucking on his neck, just the way he liked it. Severus Snape let his long fingers travel under the long black cloak that draped over the slim body. The long black cloak that was the only thing covering his girlfriend's body. His hands glided over the bare skin on her waist, dragging them upwards tantalizingly slowly. At the same time, the mouth that was working on his collarbone moved upwards to latch onto his mouth, soft lips opening to simultaneously moan and wrap around his tongue. The result was an incredible one, with a fight for dominance taking place. Severus finally won, as his left hand flicked at a hard nipple and Lily lost her determined composure. In the next minute, he flipped them over so that he was over her, one hand squeezing her breast and the other on her waist. Lily's hands were wrapped around his neck and her fingers were gripping knots in his shoulder length black hair. She tugged at his hair and he let out a low groan, releasing her mouth as the need for air became pressing. He slid off her to lay beside her instead of on top of her and the arm curled around her pressed her closer to him, her naked chest squashing into his own fabric covered one. Severus' other hand went up to tuck a strand of bright red hair behind Lily's ear, caressing her swollen lips as he did. "How'd you find me here?" He whispered. Lily smiled gently at him, "It's always the first place you come to when something's bothering you." He averted his eyes at her words that only reminded him that everything had gone to shit in just one evening. Alright, it was not just one evening, it was a culmination of a whole load of events which should have warned him something like this was going to happen, but he didn't want to dwell on it any more than he had to. Today had been humiliating enough as it is. " Who wants to see me take off Snivelly's pants?" " ...filthy little mudblood like you." " Filthy little mudblood" " Mudblood" It seemed like Lily understood what he was thinking about because a fierce look entered her eyes and she cupped his cheek, "It was NOT your fault, Sev. Don't blame yourself. I understand why you did it, it was that bastard Potter who should be feeling guilty. You didn't DO anything I wouldn't have done in that situation." His eyes closed as her words flowed over him, her fingers caressing his cheek lovingly. "But-But I-I called you, I-" Lily placed her finger over his lips. "Shhh, Sev, it's okay. I don't mind, I knew you were stressed and humiliated and angry. It was completely natural. I know you don't think of me that way." "It still doesn't give me the right to act like that, Lils. I-You must have been so hurt," He hung his head in shame. Lily placed a finger under his chin, and lifted it until his eyes, so dark that they looked brown, stared straight into her own green orbs. They were shining with guilt, fear, insecurity and Lily's jaw clenched with anger as the image of James Potter taunting her love came into her mind. She leaned forward and placed a gentle kiss on his lips, this one far more loving and reassuring than the previous one, which was fueled by passion and lust. This one was a promise, a promise that things had not changed, that she wouldn't leave him. He needed the reassurance and she would be more than grateful to provide it, she thought as her hand travelled down his clothed chest to unbutton his trousers. And she would make sure that James Potter paid for what he had done today. She would avenge her Severus. "My lord," 17 year old Severus Snape, fresh out of Hogwarts, knelt in front of the bald figure, lightly kissing the hem of his robes. Lord Voldemort nodded appreciatively at his actions before turning his gaze to the redhead in front of him. Her green eyes showed reverence, and awe, with just a hint of defiance. He cocked his head to the side as he studied her carefully, eyes taking in her defensive stance and the protective aura she emitted. Protectiveness, he wagered, for the dark haired teen who was still kneeling at his feet. "Rise, Severus. I have been waiting for the day you would graduate Hogwarts and come to me. I had hoped you will not disappoint me, but it seems as if I am wrong," He sent a cold look towards Lily Evans, who merely stared back. Severus swiftly rose to his feet, "MY LORD! I would never! My only wish in life is to serve you to the best of my abilities, and I will never do anything that would go against that. Lily wanted to join you, to follow you. She has agreed to completely give her life up to you for a place among the Death Eaters." "Oh?" Voldemort's voice was soft, deceptively so. "Is that true...Miss Evans? I was under the impression that you were recruited for the old fool Dumbledore's Order" The witch in question took a shaky step forward, falling to one knee and bowing her head slightly, "Yes, my lord, I was. He thought a young, talented muggleborn witch like me could be a great addition to his team of idiots. He thought he was doing me a favor." Her lips curled up in a sneer as she recounted the condescending way in which the Headmaster had spoken to her, as if he had provided her with the most wonderful opportunity she would ever get, as if she was equal to nothing else . "And you want to join me why? To spy for the old coot?" The Dark Lord's voice was still silky smooth, the glint in his eyes giving away his true intentions. Lily, to her credit, did not falter, although she did take in a deep breath, "Never, my lord. The day I fight for the stupid Order's side is the day I will personally ask Severus to Avada me. Their side has done nothing but quietly patronize me. They have done nothing but torment Severus. I shall have my revenge on them one day, and I would like to do so by joining your army." She looked up at him for a second at the end of her little speech, her eyes shining furiously before bowing her head again. Voldemort's first thought was to torture her right there on the floor and have her Severus kill her himself, as a punishment to both of them. One for daring to think they could join the Dark Lord's Army being a mudblood and the other for bringing her there. However, his thoughts strayed to comments made by various members of his inner circle. Comments made in disgust and disdain, but helpful nonetheless. " The mudblood has topped Charms once again. I bet she's whoring herself around, no other way someone like her could manage to do that." " Slughorn cannot stop singing praises about Evans. 'Oh she's such a wonder' 'What an angel, that Lily' 'Never have I seen a more talented young witch' Ten galleons says she used the Amortentia she brewed in class on him." " Upstart mudbloods like her who think they're better than anyone else need to be put down. They're no better than a diseased crup." " How dare she speak to me that way! Does she not know her place? Does she not know who she was talking to. I will show her what happens to people like her when they run their mouth like so." Everything pointed to Lily Evans being the brightest witch of her age, and fairly brave, for one had to be either brave or foolish to mouth off against a pureblood while being a mudblood. He pondered on the pros and cons of initiating her as a Death Eater, and in the bigger scheme of things, her not being a pureblood seemed like a minor inconvenience. In fact, just imagining the expression on Dumbledore's face when he realized his prized student was a marked Death Eater was enough to convince Voldemort that he was making the right decision by allowing her to join his army. Before he told her that, however, he needed to make sure she wasn't lying. He had no place for traitors in his army, and while Severus had earned his trust, the redhead had done no such thing. So he entered her mind forcefully, paying no need to the fact that she had cried out with pain as he did so, and sifted through her memories. Most of them were asinine moments, that of her finding out she was a witch, most of them containing Severus, some included two dark haired boys following after her. It was, however, the most recent memory that intrigued him. Lily was standing in front of Hogwarts, her luggage already transported to the Train by whatever magical forces that were at play. She took a deep breath as she breathed in the air of Hogwarts for the last time. She would never come back again. At least, not as a student. Her childhood was filled with memories of this school, some of them not so good, most of them spent with a certain black haired boy who seemed to brighten her day with a single smile of his. She felt a hand clutch her shoulder and turned around with a smile, ready to leave Hogwarts with Severus by her side, just as they had entered so many years ago. But when her eyes came in contact with light hazel orbs rather than dark brown ones, her smile immediately turned down into a scowl. " What are you doing here, Potter?"