My entry for the 2015 Tricks AND Treats Contest on FFN. Congrats to all the winners! Do read their stories, all of them are fantastic. Happy Halloween, everyone. Pen Name: jmolly Beta: Lissa Bryan Disclaimer: The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. Ritual Bella's arm stings. The freezing has come out of the wound Carlisle stitched. Edward hadn't meant to hurt her when he'd knocked her into the glass tabletop. He was only defending her from Jasper, but just try to tell him that. Since that moment, he's been all broody again. "I don't understand why you won't just change me." She wraps her arm around his cold bicep as he drives her old truck back to Charlie's. "Why are you so against me becoming like you? Edward, you know the only way I'll truly be safe from harm is if I'm a vampire." "That's not true. You wouldn't want to be changed if you knew what it was like." "What is it like?" Edward parks the pickup in the drive and turns off the ignition. The hot engine ticks with exhaustion. His lips turn down and his black eyes glitter. "I cannot understand why you want to be like me. Why would you want to become a soulless monster?" She cups his cheek in her hand. "I love you. Don't avoid giving me a straight answer. Plus, you're not a soulless monster. You have to stop talking about yourself that way." "I am, Bella. You have no idea of the things we've done. The things we continue to do." Bella blinks. "But you don't hunt humans. What can you possibly be doing that's bad? I don't believe it." "We don't hunt humans. But there's a lot about us that you don't know. Parts of this existence are horrific." "What don't I know? You promised you'd never lie to me!" Edward clenches his jaw. "I have never lied to you. But some knowledge is forbidden to mortals." "What knowledge?" "What part did you not get? I cannot tell you or both our lives will be forfeit. There are laws." Bella presses up against his side. "Edward, I'm your mate. We—" He narrows his eyes. "You don't even understand what that means." Without breaking eye contact, she places her hand on his fly. His eyes turn impossibly black but he doesn't move. His face is incandescent with rage. Instead of removing herself to a safe distance, Bella ghosts her fingers over his hardening length. "Are you suicidal?" he asks through his teeth. "Quite the opposite." "Very well." Her arm twinges as he flicks her hand away. Bella catches her breath as he leans over her and wipes venom from his lips with the back of his hand. She stays very, very still, and wills her tears not to spill. "Don't cry, please Bella. We're reaching a point where a permanent decision must be made, anyway. I don't see how I can keep on with this." She blanches. "Are you breaking up with me?" He huffs. "I should but I don't know how to exist without you, even if it will cost you everything. I'll discuss our options with Carlisle." Bella stops breathing and then her heart bursts with joy. "You'll change me?" He averts his gaze. "Don't be hasty. Once you set foot on this path, there's no going back. I will talk to Carlisle, who will call a meeting with the family. Together, they will decide whether to reveal everything to you about our existence. Assuming you gain this knowledge, you will then decide whether to become like me or preserve your soul." "When?" Bella will have an eternity to teach Edward he has a soul! The sooner they're equally yoked, the better. Edward's eyes flash. "Do not pester me for answers. My family and I will discuss it and then I will let you know." "Why are you so angry with me?" Blowing out his breath, he pinches the bone between his eyes. "I'm not. I'm angry because the whole situation is impossible. I should do the right thing and let you live out your life and die in God's grace but—" "Edward, look at me." He brings his gaze up to meet hers. "How could I possibly do anything but curse God if you leave me?" "Don't ever say that, Bella," he murmurs. "It's true! Don't you love me enough to keep me forever?" "Of course I love you!" he almost shouts. "I can't bear the thought of hurting you. I do want you forever, okay? But..." "Okay." She summons a smile and hugs his bicep. "Edward? I love you." "Yes, I know. I love you more." "Are we okay?" "Of course." He seems stiff and resentful, though. "This day has been coming on for a long time. There's no point in continuing to resist facing it." "You have no clue how happy I am right now." His face falls into long, sad lines and he somehow looks ancient. "Bella." "Yes?" "You can always change your mind. At least, for the next month." "A month?" "You have to give me a month." "Why? I won't change my mind." He doesn't give her an answer. Edward and Bella follow their normal routine through September and into October. Except, he no longer takes her to his house. They go to school, they spend time with Bella's friends and they lie together in her bed without being intimate. She can't even get a kiss. Silences stretch between them. Neither of them ever says anything about their agreement. Bella is itching for answers but she promised Edward she wouldn't pester him, and she won't. The leaves begin to turn color and the weather grows cooler. As Halloween approaches, pumpkins and Indian corn dot the porches and spooky decorations festoon the land. At school, all the talk is of the Halloween dance, costumes and horror movies. Edward says nothing about the subject Bella cares about. In fact, he's not very talkative, period. But Bella figures that's just because he doesn't like the idea of her becoming a monster like him. "Drive to my house tomorrow. Be there at 4PM," he instructs her the night before Halloween. "What are we going to do?" Bella asks with a big smile. It will be so good to see everyone! "I'm going to find out if we can scare you," he says bitterly. He looks so heartbroken that her smile fades. "Love, what is it?" "Bella… don't tell any witnesses." "Okay. Is this—?" "Perhaps, but only if you want it to be. Don't say goodbye to anyone. Not your friends, not Charlie." A rush of excitement floods Bella's body. "So this is it, then?" "By this time tomorrow, you'll either be like me, or you—"he inhales rapidly and a look of intense pain crosses his features. "You'll decide tomorrow." She kisses him sweetly on the mouth. "I'm not going to change my mind." Edward shakes his head, stone-faced. "I wish, for your sake, that you would." "You're so stubborn. Don't you want to be happy forever?" "Of course. Taking you will be the most selfish thing I ever do. It doesn't have to happen. But whatever you decide, Bella, I will be with you every step of the way. I will love you always." Bella takes her leave of Edward and runs into her house. She detours into the living room and gives Charlie a big hug hello. Then, she jogs up to her room. What should she take with her? Nothing obvious. Her photo album. Her iPod and phone. Maybe the framed picture of Gran Marie. She can't take her pearls because her mother won't expect her to be wearing those on Halloween. Maybe she can take her yearbook. Yeah. Bella barely sleeps all night for excitement. She dozes off near dawn and sleeps late. When she wakes up, there's a young man with long black hair sitting on the floor at the side of her bed. Bella jumps a mile. His face is decorated with black paint, and yellow and white marks swirl on his bare chest. "Jacob?" she yells and re-inflates her lungs to shout for help, drawing her blankets up to her chin. "Be quiet. I won't hurt you." Her heart flutters in her throat. "What the hell are you doing in my room? You scared me!" "I came to warn you. The Cullens are not as harmless as they seem. Don't go anywhere with any of them tonight." "What do you mean?" "Exactly what I said. In fact, it would be best if you were to stay in tonight altogether. Watch some really dumb horror movies, hand out candy and eat popcorn. I could come over if you want company." "Sorry, I have a boyfriend and we have plans." "So, you're going out. With it ." Bella's blood whooshes in her ears. "Jake, I really don't know what you and your friends have against the Cullens. They've done nothing but good in this town." "In this town." "Okay, I think it's time for you to go." "If you need help, Bella, just shout. We'll be watching." Yeah, that's not at all creepy. "Right. Thanks, but I won't need any help. Everything is going to be fine. You don't need to worry about me." Lips pressed together, Jacob crouches, leaps out through her window like some kind of giant cat, and climbs down her tree. Bella starts to breathe again. "Wow. That was scary." She goes to peek out the window, but there's no sign of Jacob. Or Edward. She tries calling him but he doesn't answer. He doesn't come all night. Saturday drags. Bella hears from none of the Cullens. She trusts them, though, so she spends the day getting ready for the coming night. She takes a long bath, trims all her nails and plucks and shaves and beautifies herself until there's nothing else she can think to do. At two o'clock, she returns to her room and puts on the long white dress and stunning white heels she finds on her bed. She rushes to the mirror to look at herself. The line of the dress is marred by her underclothes. Hesitantly, she slips them off, praying that Emmett won't say anything lewd. If Edward notices, that will be all right. Maybe it would thaw him out a bit! At half past three, Bella hurries downstairs. Charlie's watching old Vincent Price movies in the family room. "Bye, Dad," she calls, wishing she could tell him she loves him without setting off any alarm bells. "I'll see you tomorrow!" Charlie looks up affably. "Whoa! Nice wedding dress. Where'd you get that?" "Alice." "Figures. It looks nicer than the one your mother got married in." "Well, you know Alice. Fashion's her religion." "Going to the school party?" "We'll probably at least drop in." "Okay. Who's driving?" "Edward's driving a group of us, I think. All my friends are going." "Kids from the Rez, too?" Bella avoids looking at her dad. "Jacob Black mentioned he'd be around town tonight." "Sounds fun. Just stay away from the killer Kool-aid." He frowns and whispers, " Ch-ch-ch. Hah hah hah ..." "Dad." "And you're sleeping over with Alice and Rose, right?" "Yeah but we might be out really late. They've all been talking about how epic this night's going to be." Charlie gives her the side eye. "You can read your books tomorrow." "Yeah, I know, be sociable, talk to humans, blah blah." "All right, have a good time." He returns his attention to House of Wax . "Drive carefully. And watch out for drunk drivers." "Okay, I will. Thanks, Dad." "Yep." Will that be the last conversation she ever has with her father? Bella takes two short steps toward her truck, shuts her eyes and thanks him silently. And then she runs. "Time to start my real life," she tells herself in the rearview mirror, hauling down