I am an extremely happy camper. "Blood and Water" received two awards in the Red Eyed Edward Contest: Third Place Judges' Choice, and The Secret Keeper's Choice. I can't tell you how thrilled I am. I barely slept because I spent last night on the moon. By the way, it's been fun watching you guys review me. It's been soooo hard not to let anything slip. Much thanks to the judges, krgcrr (Secret Keeper) and to yellowglue for the prize of two banners. You can look forward to a new chapter of MH soon. After that, I'll be working on Dove. Much thanks to ladylibre (who also won an award for her story) for pre-reading this story. This story would not have been authentic without my Cultural Advisor, Jannat Ferdous. Thank you, Jannat. Disclaimer: The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. ^ ,_._, ^ Blood and Water June 20 th , 2011: Cheers erupted as Edward Masen turned on a tap at the side of the road. Chilly, fresh water from the new pipe his team had installed splattered on the ground. Multiple male hands patted him on the back as he wiped sweat and grime from his tanned brow. People stood so close to him that it was a miracle they all didn't go down in the mud. Edward grinned broadly in triumph, defying the local custom, even though the water would have to undergo vigorous testing before it could be deemed safe for drinking. Although nearly everyone in Bangladesh had access to improved water delivery systems (often funded by community and charity groups), it was discovered in 1993 that much of the groundwater was naturally contaminated with arsenic. Surface water was polluted. By 2010, only 56% of the population had access to adequate sanitation facilities but 72% had clean drinking water. The country's urban areas were thriving, with fair wages and sustained high economic growth. Rural areas –with few job prospects besides rice farming— remained impoverished. So, Edward was among those aid workers bringing safe water, community-led total sanitation, urbanization, education and job training to the locals. A wealthy woman, veiled in a ruby red sari encrusted with glistening gold and gemstones, watched from the shadows. He'd seen her before. She was memorable in this shanty town, where so many were destitute. To his surprise, no one asked her for alms but many greeted her with deference. She had to be someone very important. Edward took five test tubes out of his kit and scooped up water, then carefully dripped in the gold nanoparticle solution. If arsenic was present in the water, the solution would turn from black to orange. The brighter the color of orange, the higher the concentration of arsenic. The onlookers waited with bated breath while the test developed. Purple-black. Less than one part per billion. Perfect. "It's good!" Edward yelled, punching the air. Spontaneous dancing broke out and small children ran home to tell their mothers the news. The populace would be able to collect water directly instead of trekking more than ten miles a day to fill their containers. He caught the veiled woman's attention; she had the beautiful, almost-red brown eyes that many of the locals possessed. She raised her hands toward him and clapped as though proud of him, emptied her purse (to the delight of shrieking, scrambling children) and walked swiftly away. "Allah be praised!" Syed, Edward's most educated sewerage student, clapped his hands together and tried not to smile, too. "I must go home and tell my family. Khoda hafez, Shikkhok!" "I am blessed," Edward said in Bangla. He loved his job. The place, the people… the best food he'd ever tasted and heat that had, after six months, settled into his restless bones. Thanks to the Esme Cullen Memorial Fund, thousands of the poorest children in the world had access to safe drinking water. Despite the massive advancement of Bangladesh as a developing nation since the year 2000, slums remained, half of the huge population was functionally illiterate, and 14% of rural children still suffered from severe malnutrition. Many children suffered from stunted growth. Edward stretched, turning his face up to blistering sun. He needed to get to his room before midday to have a wash. If he could get home in time, he would indulge himself with a rare, leisurely nap before meeting with his apprentices. He could call it a birthday treat. With a rumble of satisfaction, he opened his testing kit and withdrew large sample bottles. "Shikkhok!" His only female student shouldered her way to the front of the gathered spectators, the fake coins edging her blue sari clinking as she moved. "Jonab Mohammed says an American is here to see you." Edward pressed his hands together as though in prayer. "Namashkar, Hasina. Please tell Jonab Mohammed that I'll be there as soon as I drop off these samples." The lab was on his way, anyhow. Hasina bobbed her head and ran back the way she had come. Syed gazed after her. Edward hid a smile as he capped the water samples and placed them in the kit. One of his favorite things about the Rangpur region was that the various religions lived together in harmony. Syed was Muslim and Hasina was Hindu. That wasn't likely to stop them from making a happy match. Edward marched through crowded streets, two heads taller than the general population, and admired the lush green gardens of the park. He resisted stopping to wet his head in the fountain. The last thing he needed was to expose himself to any more dangerous chemicals. At least, with the amount of sweat he contributed to the environment, some of the toxins would leech out of his pores. He didn't need to contract cancer. The administrative building, thick-walled and ancient, welcomed him with its hushed coolness. He availed himself of one of the staff washrooms, splashing water onto his parched skin. His green eyes catalogued small changes obtained from life in a sun-drenched clime. Fine laugh lines had etched themselves into him, hopefully lending an air of good character. He wiped his hands on a towel and hurried to see who might be awaiting him. The heavy carved door to the professor's office opened silently on its hinges. Inside, the oppressive stillness of the air was disturbed by electric fans. "Jonab Mohammed?" Edward called. "Ah, Edward!" the cheerful old man sang as he tottered to his feet and offered his hand. "I hear congratulations are in order. Why did you not tell us of your birthday? Are we not your friends?" Edward shifted his weight from foot to foot, realizing he had inadvertently insulted his boss. He struggled to find a suitably vague answer. Directness was viewed as gauche. "I-I don't like – James ?" The blond man frowned and growled theatrically. "You don't like me, hey, old man? What deplorable manners you have! That'll teach me to come a hundred miles in this godforsaken heat." Laughing, Edward embraced his friend and shook his hand warmly. "I had no idea you were coming! What—" James lifted a shoulder. "Dr. Volturi begged me." "Oh." Edward stopped short of rolling his eyes. "I'm not going back to Aro." James knew that Edward had exposed Volturi Water for faking water quality results in an impoverished rural community where only one percent of the population had taps in their houses. Falsified readings meant widespread death. It was as good as mass murder in Edward's book. "I know, I know. But he's not about to give up." "I can't fulfill my dreams there, James." "Your dreams?" Jonab Mohammed nodded solemnly. "You have picked a fine friend in Edward, Dr. Hunter. He wishes to eradicate poverty in and around Rangpur." James raised a brow. "I can't argue with that goal. Hey, I thought we could go out for some grub. My treat. You don't turn 34 every day." "Great, thanks!" "We can go to the hotel. Their food's good, right?" "Yes, it's excellent. I'm free at seven. I teach from four to six today." "Teaching the young men how to lay pipes?" Edward's chest puffed up. "I have a girl now, too." "A girl." James raised a brow. "The Lady Plumber of Rangpur. Has a ring to it." "Indeed it does." "Equal opportunity for girls is essential to our community," Jonab Mohammed explained unnecessarily. "Okay." James nodded to Edward. "I'm going to have a lie down. If you give me your address, I'll meet you at seven." "Sounds good." Edward recited his address and James made a note of it. "See you then." Edward went home, had a quick wash in the chipped basin and napped for a couple of hours. He went to the local high school with his box of materials and tools, and ducked his head when the 20 students shouted, "Happy birthday!" He spent the two hour session explaining what could go wrong in an installation. Various metals could interact with each other, for instance, causing rust and leaks. At the end of the class, Hasina presented a large tray full of sweet, milk-based treats for everyone to enjoy. Naturally, she did not eat with the men. Edward ate a couple of cham cham – an oval, brownish treat made of flour, cream, saffron, lemon juice and garnished with coconut— but he was mindful of his dinner plans with James. The hotel restaurant served a traditional fish, lentil and rice dish that was drool-worthy. However, Edward loved sweets. He snuck a couple of extra cham cham into his pocket, wrapped up in a tissue. They'd make a lovely bedtime snack. James treated Edward to his favorite meal. As he was staying at the hotel, he took his leave of Edward there, but not before presenting him with a rectangular box. A couple of people looked at him warily, since he passed it negligently to Edward using only one hand. "What's this?" Edward asked. "You didn't have to get me anything." "It's a special treat." James looked a bit nervous. "Don't open it here." Thanking his friend, Edward went home. Alone in his room, he opened the box. Inside it, nestled in some straw, was a bottle of American beer. "Holy cow, James," Edward said to himself. "How in the hell did you get a bottle of Sam Adams in a country where almost all of the population is against drink?" Edward hadn't had any alcohol in nearly two years. It just wasn't available unless you were a member of the decadent rich. His mouth watered. He wedged the neck of the bottle against the top of his desk and smacked his hand down on the cap, which popped off and clattered to the floor. Wispy tendrils of vapor issued from the mouth of the dark brown bottle. "Happy birthday and thank you, James." Edward toasted his absent friend with the bottle and tipped the beer down his throat. Although it wasn't very cold, it sure did hit the spot. He sipped at it slowly in order to make it last as long as possible. He didn't plan on leaving Rangpur any time soon so it would be a long time until he could drink one again. His mind wandered. He remembered meeting his benefactor, Carlisle Cullen, for the first time. The young widower had recounted his hopes for his wife's pet project to Edward, who listened with rapt attention and promptly signed on to bring clean water and sanitation to the place she had loved. Poor Mrs. Cullen had succumbed to malaria in the mission field, five years before. Her husband financed charitable works to keep her torch alight. Edward began to feel strange. His vision swam. Imagine! He couldn't even handle one beer on a full stomach. It had to be the humidity. Sweat trickled into his eyes. Even inside, it had to be 110 degrees. He wondered if they were going to get any