︻┳═一 ︻┳═一 ︻┳═一︻┳═一︻┳═一 ︻┳═一 ︻┳═一 ︻┳═一 ︻┳═一 At the going down of the sun and in the morning, we shall remember them. ︻┳═一 ︻┳═一 The Itch was my entry for the 2015 Age of Edward Contest. Judge Mina Rivera chose it as her second favourite story. That one-shot is now divided into five chapters for ease of reading. I have been writing more chapters in advance for some months and I just can't wait any longer to share Itchy with you. Chapters will post weekly. Much thanks to my Betas, Lissa Bryan and Ladylibre, for falling in love with Itchy; and to angelari7 and FallingsnowWinter for the gorgeous banners. I'll have an album on Facebook shortly. ︻┳═一 This story is dedicated to the Canadian and Newfoundlander soldiers who fought in the Great War, including my grandfather, George Watson (1891-1980). At the going down of the sun and in the morning, we shall remember them. ︻┳═一 The Itch ︻┳═一 Flanders: October, 1915… ︻┳═一 ︻┳═一 ︻┳═一 Private Hale wanted to shoot the poor bastard and put him out of everyone's misery. "Masen!" "What?" Masen hissed from the other side of the funk hole. (i) "Stop scratching!" "I can't." "We all need to sleep and I can hear you from over here. What, have you got the clap (ii) or something?" For once, there were no bombs going off and could he sleep? No! "Sorry." The kid might have been sorry, but that didn't stop him from scratching. Hale took his helmet from under his head, threw it and sneered as it bounced off Masen's arm. The hit wasn't the least bit satisfying. Hale would have preferred to lob the egg-shaped grenade (iii) in his pack at him. "Hale!" Captain McCarty barked. "What the fuck are you doing? Helmet on!" Mouth twisting, Masen passed the helmet back across the dark funk hole. "Sorry, Cap." Hale put it on. "Sorry, Cap." McCarty put his hands on his hips. "I asked you a question, Hale." "Sir. Yes, sir. Masen won't stop scratching. He's keeping me awake." "And me," Crowley said. "And me," Yorkie said. "I think he's got a bad case of the clap," Hale announced. "I do not!" Masen snarled, scratching away. "He's scratching—" "It's not the clap! It's like a thousand blackflies bit me!" Captain McCarty tugged on his beard. "Masen, follow me." Masen stood wearily and his shoulders drooped. "Yes, sir." McCarty cut a swath through the warren of frozen trenches and Masen followed dejectedly behind. The kid had his hand thrust into his coat. McCarty could hear him scratching. It was the second time in a month that this exemplary soldier had gotten into a scrap with his comrades. He had been a fun fellow when the First Unit came over. The boys had all liked him. But he never smiled anymore and had been threatened with discipline more than once for not taking care of his uniform. Maybe the war had gotten inside his head. Throwing back the flap of the tent that served as an office in the trench, McCarty held it up so Masen could duck inside. The kid was all hunched up like a dog waiting to be beaten. He didn't look old enough to shave. Still, he wouldn't be the first to have wet his Johnson in some tainted French whore. "Masen," McCarty searched for delicate words while he turned up the lantern. "You got a girl?" "No, sir." "Um," he scratched his beard, wondering if he ought to shave. His whiskers were uncomfortable but it was only going to get colder. "When you were on leave—" "Sir, that was two months ago and I did not avail myself of any of the tarts in St. Julien or any other town. You should probably be talking to Conrad. Sir." McCarty suppressed a sigh. "What's wrong with you, son? Why are you chewing the fat (iv)?" "Nothing, sir! I am one hundred percent fit for duty, sir." "Your coat's not buttoned." "Yes, sir!" Masen took off his leather gloves and fumbled with the buttons. McCarty stopped him before he could do them up. "Kid. I'm not going to court-marshal you for having your buttons undone." Masen ducked his head slightly. "Yes, sir." "Do you have a rash?" Masen squirmed. "Yes, sir." "Show me." Pressing his lips together, Masen opened his coat and pulled up his sweater, shirt and undershirt. McCarty held up the lamp. Masen's belly was covered in a million red blisters. "Dear God." ︻┳═一 Isobel Swan opened the door to the surgery and waited expectantly. "Ah, Nurse!" Colonel Cullen tied off a stitch on his patient's torso. "I wondered if you would have a look at a chap for me. He's been waiting two days and his unit wants him back (vi). Canadian fellow. Rather distinguished record for such a young man. He was one of the men who held the line at the Salientvii last spring when the Huns set off the gas." "Of course, Colonel." "Letter from his commanding officer says he has a rash. I'm sure it's the usual. Might take a bit of finesse, he's been arguing with Kelly. Wants to go back to the front. Swears there's nothing wrong with him. Have a look at it and tell me if it's serious, won't you? Private Masen." "Yes, Colonel." She turned smartly on her heel and marched to the infirmary, smoothing down her white apron. Many gazes followed her as she walked to the large examining room. Wooden chairs lined the hallway. Allied soldiers with non-life-threatening ailments waited in silence. Twenty British, twelve Canadians and three Belgians, according to the uniforms. The stench of the hospital was probably putting them off chatting(viii). She had long since ceased to notice it. "Private Masen?" He stood and shifted on his feet self-consciously. "Yes, ma'am." "Follow me, please." She resisted the urge to giggle. At eighteen years of age, she was still unaccustomed to being madam-ed by a gaggle of injured men. She took him in the room and shut the door. "Papers?" He handed her the letter from his captain and stood at ease. Isobel read the letter twice. Edward Masen Jr. didn't seem a sufficiently imposing person to have pushed back the Kaiser's men along a six kilometer unmanned gap left by deadly chlorine gas. He was tall and thin, a colt that hadn't grown into its legs. However, since April, he had reported to distant field hospitals twice to be treated for chemical burns. She handed back his letter, which he folded and pocketed. "Ye have a rash?" He avoided looking at her. "Yes, Lieutenant." She pointed at the two red bars on her sleeve. "My rank is Senior Nurse, soldier. But you may call me Nurse."(ix) "Yes, Nurse. Is the doctor coming to see me?" Her lips pinched down. She could smell a lie a mile away and this one knew very well what was ailing him. Venereal disease, in all likelihood. She put on a cheerful face. "Only if we cannae figure it out on our own. Colonel Cullen and Dr. Gerandy have been doing surgeries twenty hours a day. I have plenty of experience dealing with common maladies. Let's see it." His face blanked. It wouldn't be the first time a soldier pretended to misunderstand her. "Ma'am?" "Come on, then. I've been told that ye wish to get back to yer outfit, so hop to it." She waited primly with her hands folded. There was nothing soft in her posture. She would not budge. Private Masen ducked his ginger head and blushed fiercely. She wanted to laugh but he looked like a lost bairn. She folded her arms and sidled up to him. "Is it the clap?" "No!" He turned redder than ever. "Then there isnae anything to be embarrassed about. Strip down to your skivvies." "My what?" "Yer underclothes." "That would not be appropriate." "Dinna make me fetch Matron. She'll be having no nonsense from you." He ran his hand through his hair, which was in need of cutting. "Perhaps that would be best." "Verra well." She marched out and shut the door sharply. Her heels clacked on the hardwood as she peered around the ward. She could hear Matron chewing the ear off of someone but she couldn't see her. Isobel knocked on the open door of the supply closet. Matron was inside, berating a Belgian orderly for a lack of handwashing. "Matron?" "Yes, Nurse?" "We haff a bashful one. He willnae let me look at him." "Really." The matron flicked her skirt, her beautiful mouth thin with disapproval. She stomped down to the examining room, red cape flapping, with Isobel following directly behind. She opened the door and Edward Masen looked up sheepishly. He blanched. Matron was perfect in her fair, English glory and had not lost her bloom at all. She had three bars on her sleeve, signifying a commensurate rank of Captain. "Good evening, Private. I am Rosalie White, Matron of this hospital. I understand that you will not comply with my best nurse. Is there some problem?" He opened his mouth to tell them they were women and he wasn't about to strip off his kit for them, but he didn't. He sagged. "No, Matron." Rosalie nodded curtly and flicked her skirt. "Good." She marched out and shut the door with a bang. His jaw dropped. He shut his mouth with a snap. Private Masen eyed his nurse as if she were a snake poised to strike. Isobel gestured at the screen propped in the corner. "Kindly hurry up. There are other lads needing my attention. Ye may go behind there if ye wish, but ye shall nae be going back to the front until we have solved this. I dinnae ken what ye're sae worrit about. Ye've nothing I havenae seen before." He released his breath in a long sigh and looked at his boots. He removed his belt and the khaki wool trench coat and set them on the examination table, turned his back and pulled off his sweater. Off came the long sleeved cotton shirt, leaving him in his sleeveless cotton undershirt. Isobel sucked in her breath. He faced her, his mouth turned down, eyes glittering but lowered. "Do I have to show you more?" She put one hand on his elbow and the other on his wrist, and inspected the welts that covered every inch. "How far does this extend?" "Everywhere." "These are hives." "Yes." "How long have ye had them?" His green eyes welled with tears but he would not let them fall. "Two weeks." She put her hands on her hips and clenched her teeth. "Since the winter uniform came out." "Yes." "Ye foolish man!" She flapped her arms at him. "Why didnae ye tell anyone ye're allergic to wool?" When he raised his face to look at her, his eyes burned. "I tried to keep the summer uniform. I argued with my commanding officer. He told me that it wasn't up to him." Isobel gawped at him. "Ye mean he knew you were allergic?" "Not exactly." "Explain." "He didn't hear me out. Men who refuse to wear the uniform exactly as prescribed are court-marshalled."(x) "But there must be exceptions!" "They don't care." Her voice went up with excitement. "They have tae care! Ye're scratching your skin to ribbons and it'll get infected! What use will ye be with the gangrene?"(xi) Private Masen did not answer. She growled at him, stalked across the room, pulled a set of towels from the shelves and thrust them at him. "Follow me!" "Should I bring my things?" "No. I'll call a yeoman."(xii) He followed her past the waiting men and through a door into what seemed to be a cupboard. He blinked in the dim light and discovered a metal laundry tub approximately two feet square and one foot deep. "Yeoman!" Isobel yelled, taking a washboard out of the tub. A diminutive girl with a red cross on her