- Beta: Alice's White Rabbit - Facebook name and/or Twitter handle: Jess Molly Brown, jmollyfanfic - Pen name: jmolly - Title: Subspace - Summary: When Lady Isabella booked a training session with a new couple, she never expected to find her next submissive. - Pairing: Bella and Edward - Rating: M - Word Count: 8112 - DISCLAIMER: Twilight and its inclusive material is copyright to Stephenie Meyer. Original creation, including but not limited to plot and characters, is copyright to the author. No copyright infringement is intended. (*) Subspace Lady Isabella stepped silently down the carpeted stairs backing her home dungeon and stopped to spy, her ear inclined toward the wall. It was prudent to get the lay of the land before attempting to set a scene with a new submissive, especially if he brought a partner with him. Partners always claimed they wanted to please, but usually, they couldn't comprehend their partner's craving for surrender, particularly if pain was— "Please, Jess. Please. You promised." Isabella's lips turned down. Already, the couple was revealing a lack of compatibility, which almost invariably produced tragic consequences. A close-minded, repulsed partner could easily scar her man with her disapproval during the session, or else they'd argue before the scene could unfold and break up. Lady Isabella pitied subs. Very few people understood them. "I'm sorry, Eddie; I can't go through with it." "Why not?" "I thought I could do it, but I can't. You're going to get naked in front of another woman." A body is just a body. Isabella probably wouldn't even get wet. "She'll only be teaching us, Jess. It's not like we'll be having sex with her or anything." "I've done my best to humor you, okay? But look at this place." "It's like something out of a magazine. Stainless steel, satin sheets, black leather …" "Are you kidding me? That wall has stuff hanging on it that I don't even recognize. And look at that contraption. This place is a horror show. And you want me to do stuff to you that's scary." "When I brought this up, you said you'd be honest if it didn't turn you on," he said gently. "I lied." "Okay. Okay … What if I keep my jeans on? What if she just demonstrates some of the gear so we can try it on our own? I bet Lady Isabella has a lot of interesting toys." "I don't want to. I don't like this place. I want to leave." "Jess, I need this." "Why, Edward? Why would you possibly want somebody to hurt you?" "We've been over this. I just want to be tied up and—" "Beaten and fucked with a rubber cock." "Jess." "Why am I not enough for you? Why do you want this?" "I've told you, the prostate's—" "It's not normal, Edward." "Actually, it—" "Look. I'm uncomfortable, and if you loved me, you'd respect that." "I do respect that. I'm so grateful you agreed to come here with me." There was a pause. He was probably caressing or kissing her. "It wasn't easy sharing my desires with you, but we need to be honest about what we want in the bedroom." "This is not a bedroom." "There's a bed right there!" "I'm done." "No. Please." "I'm going to the car. You have five minutes to decide whether you want me, and a normal life, or if you're going to wade into this depraved … lifestyle ." "Please, honey, don't go. Just give this a try. This weekend was supposed to be all about exploring our boundaries. Trying new things." "I like the old things. I like normal sex." "But it doesn't hurt to try something new. It keeps the relationship fresh." "If you love someone, vanilla lovemaking isn't boring. I don't see anything indicative of love in this porn palace." "I just want to act out a fantasy with you. What's so bad about that?" "And then you'll want it again. You'll get an appetite for this filth." Seconds ticked by without a response from him. "I already have an appetite for it. This is who I am, Jess." "This is not who I am, Eddie. I'm sorry." "Jess …" "Goodbye." A few seconds later, Isabella heard the outside door slam. A cold draft traveled past her ankles, informing her that the woman had indeed departed in the winter chill. "Fuck!" the man gasped. Isabella crept down the remaining stairs and rapped gently on the privacy door. It was merely a courtesy. She let herself in. It was her dungeon after all. The man, Eddie, was clutching his auburn hair and pacing. When she opened the door, he dropped his hands and spun to face her. His jaw fell slack. "Bella?" Isabella felt the blood drain from her face. All of it pooled somewhere in her feminine parts. Eddie shrugged theatrically and slapped his hands down on his thighs. "Oh, well doesn't this just cap off a beautiful day. My high school crush is my new Dominatrix. Holy shit." She remembered him clearly as a hopeful she'd dismissed although she didn't think he'd ever actually asked her out. He was no longer a shy, gangly boy with glasses. He was all man, in tight black jeans and a plain black tee that clung to him in all the right places, with a force of personality nobody could overlook. "We grew up thousands of miles from here," she said. "There are a lot of Masens in the lake district. What are the chances?" He gazed around the apartment with a heartbroken look. "I … Sorry, this didn't work out. I'm just gonna go." Isabella stepped into his path and wrapped her arms around him. "I heard what she said. I'm so sorry she doesn't understand." After a moment, he shuddered and took a deep breath. "It took me a long time to work up the guts to come here." "It was very brave." "Yeah?" "Absolutely. You made yourself vulnerable to your partner. It's a shame she didn't appreciate it." He stepped back. "It's not her fault I'm …" He shook his head. "Nobody gets it. This is the third time that sharing what I want has destroyed a relationship I'd thought was going to be serious." Isabella let her palm slide down his arm into his hand before he could retreat. "She's not right for you." "I know. But the few girls who've offered to do this for me have all been …" "What?" "I dunno. Rough. Lewd." "You want a nice girl." "A nice girl who'll tie me up and spank me? I'm not sure they exist. Jess is right. There's something wrong with me." "Do you want to harm anyone?" He glanced at Isabella, his cheeks flushing pink. "No." "Do you want to be harmed?" "I don't know. I don't think so." "Then there's nothing wrong with you. Come and sit with me." Holding his hand, she led him across the recreation room to the black leather couch. It didn't escape her notice that he kept his head down. She sat. After a moment's hesitation, he sank to the floor in front of her and rested his hands on his thighs, gaze down and ankles crossed. Isabella's lips parted. His lashes looked impossibly long against his pale cheeks. Violet smudges of grief marred his handsome eyes. Everything about him drew her in, and that was dangerous. Isabella wanted to drink in the sight of him forever, waiting to serve her with the stillness of an experienced sub. But she couldn't take advantage. She patted the couch. "Up here." Edward was so apprehensive he practically crawled onto the couch. He left a gap between them and sat with his shoulders hunched, fists on his pressed-together knees, and gaze averted. "Talk to me." "I'm not sure I can." "I provide sex therapy, Edward. There's nothing you can say that I haven't either heard or seen before. You're safe with me." She lifted his fist, slipped her thumb inside, and began to massage his hand. Eventually, he allowed it to rest, boneless, in her grip. "You know, plenty of nice people are sexually adventurous." She moved his open hand onto her lap and gestured for him to surrender his other fist. Soon, as she massaged it, his muscles began to unclench. "I thought it was finally over," he said heavily. Isabella nodded and continued to work on his hands. "It is." He exhaled sharply, still not looking at her. "When was the first time you suspected you were a submissive?" He gnawed at his lip. "At my twenty-first birthday party. We were all pretty drunk, and one of my buddies decided to spank me. He put me over his knee and pulled down my jeans enough to give me a couple whacks. And then friends passed me around, tipping me onto their laps. Some of the women gave my butt a squeeze, and some of them caressed it and kissed it; we were all laughing. Everybody spanked me and razzed me, and the attention felt so good I was laughing and crying and reeling inside." "That sounds amazing. Did you come?" "Yeah." "Did they know?" "Yeah. I was … pretty loud." He shifted slightly so that their shoulders touched. "Things got awkward after that." "I'm sorry. They didn't make light of it?" "They did, but later, I jokingly asked a couple of the girls if they'd care to spank me again, and both of them started to avoid me." "Has anyone spanked you since?" "No. No one," he said darkly. She clenched her jaw so it wouldn't drop open. "You're what now, thirty-one?" "Thirty-two." His cheeks flushed magnificently. "And nobody's been willing to dominate you in all that time?" "I convinced one of my girlfriends to spank me a couple times, but she wouldn't do it hard enough. And then …" His fingers began to curl again. "I asked her to wear a strap-on. She blew a gasket. Accused me of being gay and called me all sorts of names. We had a big fight, then she left." Isabella stroked his fingers. "A lot of straight men like ass play. Those girls just were naïve. I wish I'd been at that party, Edward. I'd have loved the opportunity to spank you and play with your ass. If you'd approached me afterward, I probably would have spent years indulging you." "You would?" "Absolutely. Would you be interested in showing me the flush on your freshly-spanked backside?" He lurched onto his knees and hid his head in her lap. "Please." His fingers clutched and released an inch away from her hips. "Please." "First, we need to set some ground rules." Edward rocked back on his heels, eyes shining. "Yes, Mistress."' "Eyes down." "Sorry." "I prefer Milady." "Yes, Milady." "Let's get this straight. I am not your Domme." His eyes met hers, so acutely stabbed with suffering that she had the urge to collar him on the spot. "Yet," she amended. He nodded fiercely. "Yes, Milady." "Tell me your deepest, darkest secret." He licked his lip and bit it, his eyes dark and glazed. He looked terrified. Isabella snapped her fingers. "Eyes up." When he met her gaze, she saw him tremble. "Edward, is there anything to be scared of?" His focus turned inward. He was obviously very torn. "How long did you date these women before asking?" "About three months for each of the first two. Almost five months with Jess." So he hadn't put them off by revealing his desires prematurely. "Did you love them?" "I thought I was falling in love with them, but it never got far enough with any of them to say so." "Were you holding back because of your desires?" "Yes." "I'm proud of you." "Huh?" His forehead creased up. "Why?" "You have integrity. Do you know how many clients I've had who were so afraid to share their cravings that they waited to do it until after they