Katniss paces around the kitchen of the small apartment the sisters live in. She's trying to keep her mind away of the fact that they sold their childhood home so they could go different directions for the first time since their father's death. Prim is bringing the boxes that contain her room's stuff to the living room as she watches her sister mumble incoherent words to herself. She sets the box she was carrying down on the floor and walks to where Katniss is and embraces her in a big bear hug. "Hey," Prim says softly. "It's okay. We're going to be okay." Katniss crosses her arms over her chest after parting away and nods a few times. "I know," She knows that Prim will be perfectly fine back on campus, but it'll be harder for Katniss to live so far away that she won't be able to visit her like she usually did. Her little sister managed to get to Panem's best college with a scholarship for pre-med. Katniss' waiting job wasn't enough to pay the bills anymore so they decided to sell the apartment and most of their stuff. She started applying on several places for a new job, and she got one that pays the triple of her old salary as a chalet worker. "It's just that I'm really going to miss you, little duck." "Me too Katniss," They share a sad smile. "But we can skype and text, and your job only lasts for a few months until the season is over." The family she was working for owned several companies and residences, but they loved to spend their time on their chalet back home during fall and most of the winter. She was moving in to their house and sharing a room with a coworker. "It's not going to be the same," She says with a sad tone. "I know, but it'll be worth it." Prim says trying to find the positive side to their new life. "Now, let's finish packing so I can drop you off at the train station." They wrap their old stuff in boxes while dancing around to a Spotify playlist Prim made for them. After dropping off Katniss at the station she was giving the apartment to the new owners and one of her new friends was driving her to her dorms where she was going to live. So this was technically the last time that they were going to be together until before Christmas. "Let's go," Katniss takes her bags and walks them to the door. She takes a last look to the little place and holds her tears while a big knot forms on her throat. Prim closes the door and takes her sister's hand because she knows she's not going to leave unless someone drags her out. Prim drives them to the station while trying to make small talk. When they get there, she turns off the engine and stays silent for a few seconds, hesitating on whether to speak or not. She sighs and a few tears fall from her face a long with a small sob. "Hey," Katniss says. "It's okay, we're going to be fine." She says while caressing her arm, wishing to say more but not finding the right words. "Let's go." The chilly fall air hits their faces when they get out of the car. Katniss carries two bags and Prim helps her with one hanging it over her shoulder. The busy station lights up with all the people walking from right to left, talking over the phone, and sharing hugs with random people. After Katniss buys her ticket the sisters stare at each other for a couple of seconds, both bursting into tears. "Take care of yourself," Katniss tells Prim hugging her tightly. "Don't walk around like you were immortal, if you date anyone please let me know, and if you need anything call me and I'll be on the first train back." "Kat, it's only a few months," She says smiling. "I don't want you to worry, please just focus on working and we'll talk on any chance you get." "I love you." She kisses her cheek and takes the bag she had from her. "I love you too," Prim wipes her tears away. "Now get out of here, you're going to miss your train!" The train travels fast and she feels herself become a little dizzy on the little wagons. Luckily, she didn't have to share her line with someone else, and there were no crying babies or anything that could bother her. The chalet was on the outskirts of district 12, where most of the tourist attractions where found. There was a big lake where people went swimming in the summer and ice skating in the winter, then there were those big mountains where you could ski, and the breathtaking woods she was excited about. Her father used to take her there and taught her how to hunt and make her own bow out of scratch. They spent a lot of time there when she was a little girl, and when fall came the landscape turned into a series of orange, red, and brown ombré that extended all over the mountains to create a stunning view. She gazes through the window and feels excitement start to accumulate in her stomach and a small smile spreads across her face, while she watches the sun turn into a soft orange and get lost between the mountains. It's so- "Beautiful, isn't it?" A voice behind her startles her from her thoughts. She turns back and almost let's her jaw drop when she sees the incredibly handsome man standing in front of her, with his both hands on his pockets and his dirty blonde hair pulled back. "Um, yeah." It's the only thing she can manage to say. His blue eyes shift from hers to the landscape behind her. She scans the tan he has printed on his skin, the nice blue-washed jeans resting low on his hips, and a black Lacoste jacket that shows the neck of the red shirt he's wearing underneath. He stands there with confidence and a certain kind of arrogance, but still he looks unfairly handsome. "I love the color it creates," He says as his eyes sparkle a little and the corner of his mouth twitches into a sincere smile. "It's so-" "There you are!" A blond girl with a tight tiny dress interrupts him and wraps her arms around his neck. "I was wondering what was taking you so long." She drags him down the hall with him. Katniss can see him roll his eyes a little, she looks back to the window and then back at him. Their eyes look and he holds their stare. Unsure what to do, she offers him her best smile and looks away shyly. She purses her lips and sits back trying to forget the handsome guy that talked to her about a sunset. How stupid is that? She takes out her iPod, plugs in her headphones and hits the shuffle button hoping she might get distracted and stop playing back in her mind their little conversation. The train arrives in no time and she gets off quickly, trying not to run into the guy again because she knows if she did, it was going to be so awkward. The second she gets to the parking lot she sees a tall blonde girl talking over the phone with someone, holing a sign with her name written on it. She walks over to her and smiles, but the girl ignores her and keeps talking over the phone. "…I'm serious, he was totally checking my boobs out," She giggles but stops when she notices Katniss waving a hand on her face. "Call you later." She hangs up and puts the phone on her jacket's pocket. She makes a long pause. "Seriously?" Katniss raises her eyebrows and nods. "Yep." "Hop in." Madge drives slowly through the empty roads full of leaves. She explains all the way the house is organized and by the end I'm so confused that I can just remember several parts of the whole speech she just gave me; six bathrooms, four rooms, one living room, one kitchen, and three floors. I watch the mountains pass through my window amazed by their size and even more by their beauty, Madge in the other hand drives with her eyes glued to the road completely ignoring them as if they didn't exist. Minutes later, they arrive to a small town full of tall hotels and cabins. The streets are created so that the least number of cars circulate through the area and that people stick with the idea of walking everywhere instead of using any transportation. There are no taxi cabs or busses, just a station on almost every street's corner where you can rent a bike. The car slows down when a group of people walk right next to us and Madge lowers her window. "Thought I recognized that ass," She tells the small girl that approaches her. "Where you heading?" "Sae's restaurant, wanna come?" The girl says with a big smile on her face. "Can't, the Mellark's arrive today and I need to drop off the new girl," Madge explains. "Oh! New girl. Can I meet her?" The redhead says with enthusiasm. "Katniss, Annie," Madge moves her hand from me to the girl. "Annie, Katniss." And the other way around. "Nice to meet you!" Katniss sees that the girl has big-deep-sea green eyes that take most of the space from her eyebrows to her nose. She has never stopped wearing that white-teethed smile since she started talking to Madge, and she can see that the girl is particularly small for someone from their district. "You too." "Later, Ann," Madge rolls up the window and continues straight on the road. Two minutes later Madge enters a small road that leads them to a garden with a couple of trees surrounded by colorful leaves, and she parks the car. They get down and Katniss lifts her head up so much that she almost brings it all the way to her back so she can get a full view of the chalet. "Wow." She mumbles under her breath. Madge opens the trunk and smashes Katniss on the chest with her bags. She struggles to find her balance but she eventually does and follows Madge to the entrance's stairs. The chalet is made from wood, covered in a beautiful mahogany color. Madge opens the doors and warmth with a scent of vanilla hits Katniss face, she looks around the luxurious living room and immediately feels a pang of jealousy. A red minimalist coach stands in the middle of the four-wall-room with a chimney in front of it holding a plasma TV, that Katniss is sure, is bigger that her old refrigeration at her apartment. A bear-rug lies on the floor in between the chimney and the couch, a small coffee table over it. Madge walks indifferently through a hall that leads to a kitchen that is the size of Katniss' old apartment, and opens a door next to the oven. Two twin beds greet them, one is covered with blankets and blue cushions, while the other is a naked mattress with a small bedside table on its right side. Katniss sets her stuff over the mattress and looks around the room . It isn't much but it is enough , she thinks. The beds are pressed against a white wall that doesn't leave much space for anything else on it, on another wall there is a big window with a view to the mountains, and on the walls next to the beds are two parallel doors that lead to their own bad room and closets. "Like it?" Madge asks. "I do," Katniss says while looking around one more time. Katniss starts unpacking her stuff while Madge helps her make her bed. "I know