About: A Marriage Law fic with a twist. 10 years ago by Ministry decree, Hermione and Draco were ordered to marry. 10 years ago Hermione said no, breaking the law and retreating into the muggle world. Now she's back, what will it mean for Draco? Suddenly he can't escape her, but the real question is - does he want to anymore? Dramione - M for adult themes and some lemons in later chapters. Disclaimers: This is rated M. There will likely be smut at some point (it is me after all) as well as mature themes and language. Do not read this if you are uncomfortable with such things or complain and spoil it for others. Additionally, I do not claim to own Harry Potter and there is no copyright infringement intended. Just a fun fanfic for no profit! The Marriage Bond 10 years ago. Ministry of Magic, 10 th floor meeting room. He sat with his head in his hands. How had it come to this? Marrying mudblood Granger because the Ministry told him to. There truly was no end to the powers that be controlling his life. It's not as though he thought she, and people like her, should be tortured or eradicated anymore as his parents had raised him to believe. It's that she was still every bit the irritating low class woman a Malfoy man would never willingly marry. The very idea of it sickened him. What would they talk about? The rights of House Elves? That ghastly little S.P.E.W club she goes on with? Hermione didn't seem much happier about the situation either. Presumably she had wanted to marry Weasley, not that he could work out why. She may not have been good enough for a Malfoy, but in his view she was entirely too good for a Weasley, regardless of her muggle blood. She was staring out of the small window in the sterile room with what he would later describe to be a simmering contempt. Every few minutes she would sigh in frustration. He could practically hear the gears turning in her head. Not that it would make a difference, the stupid witch. Always thinking she could change things. Frankly, it pissed him off. "Stop it Granger, you'll give yourself a stroke," he drawled. "Shut it Malfoy," she snapped, turning around and staring several daggers into his head. He smirked. He did love tormenting her. That said, he hardly fancied a lifetime of it. He imagined it would lose novelty over time. After their outburst she resumed her position by the window, and he began brooding into his hands once more. Draco felt every tick of the clock cutting into him like a knife. This entire ordeal was excruciating. Eventually, he felt her presence beside him. He lifted his head and looked at her. It was obvious that she had been crying. Instinctively, and without quite knowing why, he reached up and brushed the tears away. She was going to be his wife after all. He couldn't mistreat her forever, mudblood or not. Malfoy decided that now, in this austere Ministry room, where they had been told their own futures were no longer theirs to decide, was the time to be honest. Something he rarely was before that day, or afterwards for that matter. "You know Granger, I never had any control over my life as a child, or a young adult. My father practically sold me off to the Dark Lord before I was born. I was just a pawn in someone else's game…but I really thought… I really thought that after the war… and after the charges against me were dropped… that finally, I would get to have a say in my own life… and now…." He trailed off, dangerously close to losing control over his cool, expertly crafted Malfoy exterior. "Now they've taken that too," she said quietly, with a nod of understanding. "Yes," he responded in an equally quiet tone, shocked that she seemed to empathise with him so deeply. He could see it in her eyes. "I know what you mean Malfoy. My entire childhood I didn't fit in, because I was magical and didn't know it. How could I fit with other muggle children? When I came to Hogwarts I was on the outer again because I was made to feel 'less than' because I was a muggleborn … then along came Voldemort…" she paused as she noticed Malfoy wince at the mention of his name. It wasn't lost on her that he still wore Voldemort's brand on his forearm, which he subconsciously gripped through his shirt. "He… he came along and I had to spend the rest of it fighting with Harry. Not that I minded. He needed to be defeated… it was worth the sacrifice…but I thought that after all of that that I might have a shot at a happy life…" she laughed bitterly, "now I am being told who to marry and procreate with like I'm a slave. Perhaps I would have been better off under Voldemort, he would have just killed me, not used me as a breeding mare," she wondered aloud. Draco smirked. She wasn't wrong, although The Dark Lord would have played with his prey before he granted her the sweet release of death. Especially the world's most famous mudblood , Hermione Granger. Tearing himself from his increasingly dark thoughts, he continued the conversation. "First, I was forced to take the Dark Mark. Now I'm forced to be married to someone I despise," he mused vocally. "And I am being forced to marry a man who hates me so much he watched impassively as his Aunt tortured me on his drawing room floor," she responded in a flat tone. It wasn't an argument or an attack, merely a statement of fact. "Ah yes, your new family home Granger, perhaps you can redecorate…" he responded sarcastically. After a meaningful pause he continued. "I would stop it if I could Granger, I really would. But I am a former Death Eater and out of the Ministry's graces - there's no way out of it, the Malfoys' are all out of favours." Their morbid discussion was abruptly ended when the door cracked open to reveal the Minister for Magic himself, flanked by two officials carrying some parchments. "Ah Mr. Malfoy, Ms. Granger, shall we begin?" he said cheerfully. "Well what fucking choice do we have?" snapped Hermione with a viciousness Draco had never heard coming from her. He'd never so much as heard her swear, let alone abuse an authority figure in such a way. Wasn't she planning for a career at the Ministry? One of the other officials piped up to scold her. "That's no way to speak to the Minister of Magic Ms. Granger!" she said defensively. "You mean the man who is marrying me off like he owns me for his own political gain after I spent my childhood fighting to free myself and others from a psychopathic tyrant?" she hit back. Perhaps she would make a good Malfoy wife after all , he mused quietly. Clearly, she thought she was better than the highest authority in their world, a classic Malfoy trait. "Well Hermione, I can understand your frustration, but this is about the preservation of wizard kind. You know about magical birth-rates and…" the Minister began, before being cut off by her snort. "This is about your political agenda," she responded, her tone dangerously low. Draco remained quiet, observing his betrothed tearing strips from the most powerful man in wizarding Britain. No wonder she was always so high up on the Dark Lord's hit list. Beyond being an extremely talented and accomplished witch, she was making it very clear she was not one to be trifled with. Her body was positively vibrating with rage. He had always had a grudging respect for her, when he wasn't focused so much on her blood status, but this was the first time he felt a twinge of admiration for the feisty little witch. "Well Hermione, what's done is done. Perhaps in the fullness of time you will see this is the best thing. You and Mr. Malfoy were matched based on powerful magic which…." He was again cut off, this time by Hermione's loud scream. "SHUT UP!" she yelled, "Let's just get this over with, I can't stand to be in the room with any of you a moment more than I have to," she finished. "Very well," said the Minister, clearing his throat. "Today we will form a marriage bond over the paperwork. So long as this paperwork is legal, your blood oath will mean you may only be married to each other. Divorce will not be an option after the fact. I must stress that failure to marry before the year ends in line with our agreement and this contract, will result in your imprisonment in Azkaban. Now, hands out…" he said, his voice adopting an authoritative quality. Silently, Draco and Hermione put their hands out over the Marriage Contract. Draco felt his fingers twitch with the magic surrounding them as the Minister flicked his wand. Silently, their fingers were pricked and a small drop of blood belonging to each of the eighteen year olds dropped down onto the pages of the contract. Hermione Granger was to be Hermione Malfoy by the end of the year, or face imprisonment in Azkaban. She was going to be his wife. For better or worse. Probably worse. Or so he thought at the time. 7 years later – Malfoy Manor. Draco fiddled anxiously with the piece of parchment he had held on to for seven long years. He had never got to speak with her about her plans, or why she took extra steps to protect him. She could have simply saved herself and left him to be married to some other witch, but she didn't. She guaranteed his freedom too. After all, it was she who insisted on the blood bond rather than an immediate marriage like so many of their classmates. She had to have planned it, manipulated the situation from the moment their fate had been announced. As a result, at twenty five years old, life had been good to the Malfoy heir. He was a prosperous businessman in his own right, successfully leveraging the family fortune to expand his empire, thus doubling the size of it. Fine women, food, holidays and accommodation were a standard luxury for him. His lifestyle was opulent, and unlike the rest of the witches and wizards in his year, he wasn't forced into a premature marriage. Instead, he dated witches that were a few years younger or a few years older that had narrowly missed out on being subjected to the same fate as he and his classmates. They were drawn to him for his exceedingly good looks and fabulous wealth. Both of which he flaunted shamelessly. Yes, life had treated Draco Malfoy very well indeed. But every so often, he couldn't help but get out the worn piece of parchment, and wonder where she was, what she was doing, and mostly, why she had helped him. He wouldn't have done the same for her, and she had to have known that at the time. He cast his mind back to the morning that everything changed. The morning Hermione Granger, war heroine and darling of the wizarding community, shocked the world and fell on her sword to save them both. It was the day after the blood bond and it started like any other. He had awoken early as he never had slept well since the war. All of the nights he spent agonizing over his involvement with the Dark Lord, fearing for his family's safety and trying to forget the twisted things he had seen and done, had taken their toll. The nightmares were relentless and he preferred the waking hours where he could get a better grip on his emotions and