This is rated M for content. DO NOT READ if you are underage or offended by lemons. The start of this was inspired by the beginning of another of my stories but I never got to explore it as much as I would have liked to so now we have this. This is a one off smutty piece of fluff (I love these so.. why not keep writing them) J.K. Rowling owns Harry Potter - I make no profit. "Harry, we can't do this anymore," pleaded Hermione. "I know, but I need this…just once more," he pushed. "We're best friends Harry, the three of us, we only did the physical stuff to get us through that hellish time. In the middle of nowhere, the misery…" she trailed of as Potter nuzzled her neck. Draco Malfoy had stumbled upon them quite by accident in a hidden pocket of the library late at night. He knew he shouldn't be watching, but who wouldn't be curious about the habits of the Golden Trio? After all, they took down Voldemort, a man Malfoy was raised to believe to be Godlike. "I know, I know," said Harry, "But, I've lost so much and now Ginny is gone… I just need… I need to not think anymore, if only for a little while," he finished. Hermione was sitting on his lap staring at him intensely. Even from where he stood behind the dusty book shelf Malfoy could sense the misery hanging in the air. She exhaled. "Okay… no kissing," she finally conceded. She stood, slid her underwear down and removed them from below her robes, straddled him slowly and looked at him sadly before she sank onto him and began moving up and down. He knew he shouldn't watch. He didn't find the act of voyeurism perverted in itself – but without their consent what he was doing felt very wrong. Yet, as if glued to the spot he stayed to watch them. True to his word, Potter did not try to meet her lips with his. Instead he trailed kisses to her neck, which she threw back to give him better access. Her soft moans floated through the air melodically. Malfoy felt his member stiffen and again, he considered leaving. It was so wrong to watch, but he couldn't tear himself away. He didn't see much because Hermione left her Hogwarts robes on, but from where he stood he could see her milky white breasts bounce after Potter ripped the top of the robe open and pulled them from her bra. Malfoy's breath quickened as he watched the dark haired wizard suckle on her as he pumped into her. She was running her fingers through his hair frantically as their pace quickened. Merlin, Potter was giving it to her good. Malfoy decided instantly that he respected him more. 'I..I can't keep quiet," she panted, "I'm gonna… cu…" she trailed off. Potter's hand flew up to cover her mouth as he continued to slam into her. He could hear her muffled cries from behind Potter's hand as she reached her climax. Draco had to pull at his collar. Merlin, am I really getting off on watching Scar Head and the know-it-all? He thought. He decided to sneak back to his common room before they finished, lest he get caught spying on them. Merlin knows how that would have looked. 3 Years Later: Draco had often thought about that night over the years. Not in an obsessive or overly perverted way but he often wondered if they were still sleeping together. He would frequently find himself pondering about the dialogue between them that night. "We only did the physical stuff to get us through that hellish time." "I just need… I need to not think anymore, if only for a little while…" "No kissing," What was going on between them was clearly the result of some serious emotional damage they had from the war. He knew that she and the Weasel had a brief romance after the final battle and he wondered if he knew about Granger and Potter. It seemed as though maybe he did given that this was happening between them when they were out hunting Horcruxes, if their dialogue that night was to be believed. Since the war much had been published about the nature of their activities for the months they were missing. They went through a lot and were isolated for much of the time. He could understand why things might become physical – but damn, if she was sleeping with both of them at the same time it must have got complicated. It was also hotter than anything he would have given Granger credit for at the time. Until that day in the library he had been living under the assumption that she was the resident school uptight prude. The fact that she rode Potter only to make him feel better in her school uniform blew that illusion right out of the water. "No kissing" echoed through his mind again. What she meant was no intimacy. He would then come back to reality and question why the fuck he was still thinking about this. He had his own life. His own conquests. Oh yeah, I work with them at the Ministry as an Auror, that's why, he would tell himself . He had to see her every other day and be reminded of watching her heaving chest bounce as she rode Potter on that rickety library chair. It was frustrating as all hell. Sometimes he wished he could un-see it. As a Malfoy and a Slytherin, he watched them closely to look for any evidence or sign that perhaps their affair, if you could call it that, had continued. He could find none. In fact, Potter was getting married on Saturday to someone else and he could find no hint of jealousy or sadness in Granger at all. The entire thing fascinated him. He couldn't really imagine having such a close friendship with someone, sleeping with them on more than one occasion and then going back to a platonic relationship with no apparent issues. Then, he couldn't profess to know what they went through up against The Dark Lord and his Death Eaters for all of those years. He had of course thought about using the information against them, after all, it was in his nature to do so. Sadly he did feel he owed them. They had saved his life in the room of requirement and then testified for himself and his mother in their trials about their defection from Voldemort. His mother having lied to Voldemort to get Potter back into the Hogwarts grounds had helped a lot. Draco's refusal to kill the headmaster helped too, and so, having grown some semblance of a conscience, he decided to leave it in the past – as they seemed to. Still, he couldn't help but be curious about Granger. As an Auror, she was fierce. She had one of the highest success rates in the department and never flinched in the face of danger. She never dated and he never saw her with any men. He wondered how the beautiful creature from the library that night could possibly not have a man in her life and concluded that perhaps she did, but kept it secret, much like her dalliance with Potter (and Weasley to a lesser extent), though he was not sure why that would be. Saturday Malfoy sat alone in the corner drinking fire whiskey. He was of course, invited to the wedding because he was a fellow Auror and he couldn't say no for much the same reason. So here he was, watching Weasley sucking face with Lavender Brown on the dance floor. What a woeful way to spend a Saturday. As far as Potter was concerned, he seemed to be very much in love as he danced with Luna Lovegood, correction, Luna Potter, who appeared to be substantially less loony these days – but still maintained a dreamy faraway look at all times. He had been sizing up various bridesmaids to hit on when he noticed that Granger seemed to be doing the same thing on the other side of the room. She too was staring into an overfull glass of fire whiskey and making eyes at the Groomsmen. Again, his mind drifted back to her moans in the library…Potters hand covering her mouth. Merlin . He felt a tightening in his pants. Good thing I'm wearing robes , he thought. Since he was rather intoxicated, he decided to approach her, something he had never really done, or considered doing. "Granger," he said calmly as he sat beside her at the bar. "Malfoy," she replied. "Is this strange for you?" he asked. "Why would Harry's wedding be strange for me?" she said absentmindedly. "On account of the fact you used to fuck," Malfoy said bluntly, his signature smirk plastered across his handsome face. She jumped. "What in the hell are you talking about? Seems like you read too much Witch Weekly," she snapped. That's when he decided to go for the jugular. "I read no such trash Granger. I know because I saw it with my own eyes." "You're bluffing," she retorted, her resolve clearly slipping. "In the library, last year of Hogwarts. Potter had broken up with the she-weasel and he clearly needed some cheering up. You obliged right there, in your Hogwarts robes," he said, looking down on her. "You watched that?" she asked incredulously. "I had nothing better to do at the time Granger… that's the thing about doing it in public… you can be seen," he said casually. She threw her fire whiskey into his crutch and stormed out. Several people noticed and laughed. "Tried to hit on Granger and got shut down?" snorted Dean Thomas, who was dancing with Ginny Weasley nearby. "Shut it Thomas," he snapped as he stormed from the room to find that rude little bitch. He rushed into the lobby of the muggle hotel in which Potter was having the wedding and noticed the train of her dress trailing behind the stairs as she hurried towards what he presumed was her room. Not one to be publically humiliated without at least a few cutting comebacks he rain after her. She was putting the key in her door when he caught her. "What the fuck was that Granger?" he asked, panting from running up the stairs. "Payback for being a perverted asshole," she hit back. "Fuck you," he snapped. "You wish," she retorted coldly, taking a step into her room. Outraged, Malfoy pushed past her and made straight for the mini bar. "What in the hell are you doing Malfoy?" she asked angrily. "Waiting for my pants to dry so the wizarding community doesn't think I have a bladder problem given we're not supposed to use magic in this God awful muggle establishment, having a drink and yelling at you for wasting perfectly good fire whiskey on your unreasonable assault of my trousers Granger, that about sum it up?" ranted Malfoy. She threw her hands up in the air and growled, actually growled in frustration. "You are the most infuriating bastard Draco Malfoy!" she yelled. "So I've been told he said calmly," a handsome smile plastered on his face. She flopped herself on the bed and stared at the ceiling angrily. "So Granger, you never answered my question. Is it strange to be at this wedding?" he asked her again. "If I answer you, will you drop it forever after this?" she responded. "How about this, you answer all of the questions I have between now and when my pants dry and I'll never bring it up again, deal?" asked Malfoy. "Fine," she snipped, a few moments later. Deciding he was going to push boundaries today he put his whiskey onto the bedside table and flopped down beside her. He felt she was uncomfortable but was too stubborn to move.