Disclaimer: Would I really be posting my works on this site if I thought that I owned any amount of Harry Potter? A/N: This story is a response to the challenge made by MarauderbyMoonlight. I learned about it by reading the response written by Lequin, which I really recommend reading by the way. So here is my attempt to get this smug little plot bunny from eating my cabbages. Challenge details: Takes place during the summer after fourth or fifth year. Harry is at the Dursleys'. Harry helps out a neighbor, you can decide how, but Harry must make a really good impression. The neighbor that Harry helps out turns out to be the head of a country club Vernon and Petunia just joined. Club is hosting a dance/party/welcoming for Vernon and his family, head insists that Harry come too. Harry's neighbor is a relative of Hermione, her family is coming too. Hermione at first does not want to attend as she is too worried about Harry but her mom talks her in to it. Must end Harry and Hermione. Optional: During the dance Dudley gets a crush on Hermione but is devastated when she spends the entire time with Harry. Dudley can act like a total ass embarrassing Vernon to no end, while Harry is the perfect gentleman. If Harry and Hermione do hook up during the dance, Dudley accuses Harry of using magic on her and tells Vernon who first screams at Harry and then gets in a fight with Hermione's parents not knowing she is a witch too. **SN** Summer Nights Harry felt it was oddly reminiscent of the year before as he sat on the swings watching his cousing bullying someone obviously smaller than him in the park. As always, it had bothered him, especially since it used to be him that was being assaulted; yet something was different about him now. Perhapse it was his recent adventures in to the Department of Mysteries; perhapse it was his recent expulsion of Voldemort from his mind; perhapse it was the recent death of his godfather still raw and unexpressed. This time was different. This time, he couldn't just watch dismally. With a small jump, Harry hopped off the creaky swing allowing it to pendulum its way to a stop in his wake. No one in the circle of bullies noticed him walk up to them as they jeered and taunted whomever was in their midst. Only when he tapped Dudley on the shoulder was there a disruption in the group. Dudley spun about and blanched at the sight of Harry standing over him. And for once, Harry realized he was taller than his cousin. More narrow and spindley, without a doubt, but he now had an inch or two on the more bublous bully. Upon seeing his cousin, Dudley's eyes bulged and he seemed to have a war within himself as he started to say something then closed his mouth seeming confused. His eyes darted back and forth then he seemed to pluck up some courage as he said, "What you want? Can't you see we're busy here?" Harry glared. "Busy picking on children?" "What's it to you?" "Well it may not be anything to me, but you remember how my government has people watching me?" He dropped his volume so only Dudley could hear. "Well, they might not much appreciate the bullying themselves. Just thought I'd give you a heads up, you know, in case they decide to, do something about it." "Hey, Big D, why you talking to him, maybe he'd like to get a little reminder what the circle is like eh?" One of the others called over. Dudley's face had gone pale and he seemed to be losing the internal battle. He turned back to his friends. "Yeah, um, why don't we go find someone who actualy has something worthwhile, these kids got nothin'." Reluctantly the others agreed and meandered off, giving Harry looks of undisguised hatred and even throwing some lude gestures over their shoulders. He simply smiled at them, then looked down at the huddled children they'd been harassing. The two kids seemed to be around six years old and were clutching one another, a grumpy looking bundle of brown fur squeezed tightly between them. The poor things were terrified and they both had tears on their cheeks if not in their eyes. And those eyes, deep and chocolate, were staring up at him, one pair with fear and the other with adoration. Before anyone could say a word however, the smell of eurine arose from the children and the bundle of fur squirmed free to dart across the park. Seeker reflexes taking over, Harry bolted after the run-away canine, overtaking it after only a dozen yards or so. As he lifted the wriggling fiend off the ground, he heard the two kids running up behind him. "Did you see that? He caught Timmy! Wow!" "Yeah but now I have pee pee on me. He can keep Timmy." "Timmy didn't mean it, he was scared." "who is he, just cuz he got Timmy doesn't mean he's nice you know." Harry turned around, being sure to hold Timmy with his stomach facing away from him in case he decided he was scared again. He crouched down in front of the kids and smiled. "Hi there, I'm Harry, and I'm not going to bully you. Are you okay?" They slowed to a stop in front of them, the little girl clutching her brother's hand. "Are you sure? That's what the big meanie said too." "Yeah but he's not big and ugly dummy. He looks like The Hero auntie Read keeps telling stories about." They both fell silent and looked him over, seeming to forget about his question. Feeling uncomfortable, Harry coughed. "Um, I don't think I'm a hero or anything but are you okay? They didn't hurt you did they?" The two shook their heads in tandom. "No," said the boy, "but Timmy pee peed on Sarah." Harry smiled. "Well, I've had it happen before. How about we get you three home so you can wash up eh?" "But I don't wanna walk that far, I feel gross." Said the girl with a pout. "Well, how about this. I can carry you and Timmy, and your brother here can show me where to drop you off. Sound fair?" "Well, we're not really supposed to talk to strangers." The boy wrenched his hand free of his sister's and held it out to Harry. "Hi, I'm Martin, and this is my sister Stinky." He said proudly. Chuckling, Harry extended the hand not wrapped around the puppy and shook Martin's small one. "Well, its nice to meet you Martin and Sarah." "There," said Martin, "He's not a stranger anymore. Can we go now?" Sarah glared at her brother then huffed out a breath. Taking a step forward, she raised her arms to the older boy. "Can you hold Timmy for a moment please?" Harry asked Martin. The boy smiled and took his wayward puppy as Harry lifted Sarah to his shoulders. Her hands buried in his hair and legs squeezing his neck, he wasn't sure if he'd survive a trip of any distance, but it was too late to back out now. Harry took Timmy back up in his arms and gestured for Martin to lead the way. They began their journey with Martin bounding ahead, his chest puffed our importantly as he gave Harry step by step instructions how to get home, as useless as it was with him guiding them. As they walked, the two kids argued about whether or not Harry was "The Hero" in auntie Read's stories. He looked the same, but he didn't seem like he could command animals to do his bidding, or scare away demons; so they were pretty sure he wasn't. It came down to them deciding to ask their auntie at the Club Dinner. Knowing he didn't know this auntie Read, Harry was at least glad these kids had a figure to look up to. "By the way, what got you kids out this far from home anyway? Your parents must be worried." He prompted. "Its Timmy's fault. We was playing in the yard and he ran away cuz he wanted to follow a squirrel." Offered Sarah from above him. As the sun crept towards the horizon, Harry followed Martin around a corner and saw the boy break in to a run as he angled across the street. "Martin! Wait, we have to cross together!" He bellowed as he picked up speed. To his amazement, the boy skidded to a halt and leapt back up on the curb looking sheepish. "Sorry, I just wanna get home, its right there." He said pointing at a gorgeous house alone on the other side of the road. He could see people milling about in the yard, including three Bobbies standing next to a car conversing with a woman who was now turning to look across at them. Gulping, Harry reached down and took his hand, "I know, but we have to be safe okay?" As the woman ran to the side of the street calling the names of her children, Harry steadily led the boy across the road to his mother, skipping as the young one was. The mother lifted her son, weeping as she did, so Harry took the chance to release the dog and lower Sarah from his shoulders. The two children embraced their mother while Timmy ran around her ankles yipping madly. One of the Bobbies accompanied by a tall man dressed in a business suit came forward. "I presume I should thank you for returning our children?" The man asked, holding out his hand to Harry. Shaking hands Harry replied hesitantly, "Erm, yes sir, I found them in the park on the other side of town. Timmy," a glance to the dog in question, "seems to have run away. Martin and Sarah chased after him." "Well, thank you young man, and your name is?" "Harry, Harry Potter." The Bobby took note of that on a pad he was holding and was about to walk off when little Martin's voice broke in. "Mommy, he's The Hero, he saved us from the big meanie, then Timmy pee peed on Stinky Sarah." Stinky Sarah punched her brother and said, "He might not be dummy, and I don't stink, Timmy's pee pee stinks." The man who seemed to be the father bent down and turned his son to him. "Marty, do you know who the meanie was?" Martin sniffled. "Big D, I think, he's just a big meanie, but Harry saved us and brought us home. Did you see him? He carried Timmy and Sarah, he's soo strong!" The man patted his son's shoulder and said, "Thanks Marty, I'm glad you're ok, now why don't you go help your mom get Sarah inside so she can take a bath." "Okay daddy." Martin turned to go inside, then spun around so quickly he fell over. Grumpily getting to his feet, he ran over to give Harry's legs a hug and quick thank you before reversing and heading inside. Turning to the officer, the man said, "Thank you sir, I think we are all set here." "Of course. And we will let you know if anything comes up about this "Big D," fellow." "Thank you again." "Let's go boys." Called the officer to his fellows. Once they departed, the man turned back to Harry. "Appologies, my name is Steven Jacobs. Truly, you have our gratitude for getting our children home safely. It appears we were not watching as closely as we thought. Won't you come in for a cup of tea, I'm sure my wife Tracy would like to thank you as well?" Harry looked at the steadily lowering sun uncertainly. "Well, I'd love to sir, but I should be getting home for dinner, I don't think my relatives would be happy