Title: The Lost Chronicles Authors: Bloom United Intro: Hey everyone! There are two of us writing this and just so you know while you're reading (if you don't quit along the way reading the warnings) you'll maybe find different styles of writing, because after all, this is our first time working together. We love reviews; actually we will be really glad for any review we can get (reviews inspire the writer : ))! Critics are completely allowed and if you notice any mistakes feel free to notice us, it will only improve our writing! However, we HATE FLAMES , so if you don't like any of the warnings we told or just think this all is crap just go away right now, if you do continue flaming you'll be considered a brainless moron who apparently doesn't know how to read. Flames won't be tolerated! This is pretty much all, if you have any questions, just e-mail us! Warnings: Slash, character death, incest, strong violence at some parts. This is SLASH , which means male/male pairings in this case, so if you dislike it you're most welcome to hit back button right away. If you do decide to stay please read this, there will be some INCEST included, we cannot tell just how much right away but it will be some. There will also be HET and again we can't tell you how much but slash will be the main story base. CHARACTER DEATH is included too and as you can see this is AU and probably OOC . So if you don't tolerate or just don't like any of those you're free to go or continue. Disclaimer: The genius Tolkien owns everything, characters and all, and if he knew what we're doing he'd cry, very, very hard... Summary: In the night at Helms Deep something tragic happens that changes everyone's lives, including King Elessar's and Mirkwood's heir prince. AU and quite a lot of OOC, this is SLASH! The Lost Chronicles begin… Few stories left intact during the years. As the legends are passed on from one generation to another they are changed by ones imagination. The Lord of the Rings isn't one of the few, little pieces of the puzzle were chipped through the year and lost. Well, not entirely lost. Maybe the entire truth was too horrible for all the fairy tales that followed, maybe we read a softer version, in which the horrific content is deleted. No one can know for sure, there are theories of course, but the exact truth? Perhaps it was lost indeed, we know better than that though. You may call this guessing and after all maybe it is, but you choose what to believe. And we believe in one thing, it is never all. CHAPTER 1: BLINDED BY DESPAIR The night of the battle at Helms Deep It was a hard battle, anyone could tell, many spoke that they don't stand a chance but they fought nonetheless. We couldn't even call it a battle; after all they were in a war, this time it was a war for humankind, for the lives of Middle-earth. The leader of the elven army was now battling almost alone on the high walls of Helms Deep. He saw dead bodies of filthy orcs mingled with pure elven ones all around him, some elves there he knew his whole life and yet he couldn't falter. He continued to fight using all of his skills he managed to collect. Somehow he felt like he was going to die that night. He felt that they were losing while his sword automatically slided through the flesh surrounding him. The elf was left all by him self. The ones that stood by his side failed some time ago. As his own thoughts and exhaustion started overwhelming him he noticed a light of hope. One of his kind was right at his back. The Prince was holding a sword and swinging it around as if it was made of wood. As the leader tried to turn and thank the other, the elven the prince swung the sword on him and was blocked. Haldir couldn't believe his eyes as he faced the blue, suddenly cold ones, the eyes he knew his whole life. He felt he was going to be killed, but not by his own kind. He decided to believe that it was only confusion what made his friend swing at him, it was night after all, and raining, it is possible he simply didn't recognise him. His hopes however were ruined at once as Legolas looked him straight in the eye and swung again. Haldir blocked it once again and tried to reason his friend,"Legolas! Peace! It is only I, Haldir!" Legolas's angry gaze, yes, angry, it was anger in his eyes, pure anger shone out of them and his steely gaze didn't break at all as he retorted in a hissed whisper, "I know." "What is wrong?" followed the answer which caused the prince to strike harder. "I am tired of you playing me like an orc! Do not lie anymore. I am no fool! I saw the way you two looked at each other!" screamed Legolas striking between his words as the orcs watched confused. "You are talking of Aragorn! There is nothing between us anymore, it was a long time ago, I do not know what you have heard or seen but it is forbidden." answered Haldir in a calm voice. Legolas's strikes softened because he was only doing this to pour his entire wrath on Haldir and intimidate him. As he softened, Haldir's blocks softened too and he concentrated his attacks on orcs. "You still love him. I know! You are trying to take him away!" continued Legolas stubbornly but this time swinging on orcs. Haldir sighed and stabbed one orc to death as he responded, "I may love him, for I won't lie to you Legolas, I do love him still, but we will never be together again! I wouldn't try to take him away." The elven prince glanced at the other elf suspiciously and then spoke, "But, you still love him, you love him and I know you would grab the first opportunity to be with him despite me or anyone else for that matter!" All calmness was gone and Legolas was full of anguish once again. He slain an orc with that kind of force that made Haldir freeze, and yet he couldn't close his mouth as the prince already claimed Aragon as his own. "No, Legolas! Listen to your words! This isn't you! What would your father---" "LEAVE my father out of this. I thought I could trust you, but I was wrong." "Have you been talking to Aragorn? And what does this have to do with you?" Haldir added suspiciously "Are you in love with him?" he asked. Legolas felt speechless, he went too far, but just as he gathered himself to answer another strong voice broke in, "NAN BARAD! Nan barad! Nan barad! Haldir, nan barad!" As Aragorn yelled this he locked his eyes with Haldir for a moment, in that moment thousand words were exchanged between their gaze, love and compassion, consolation, emotions so strong flew through that one look. Haldir smiled lightly to his love and Aragorn did the same at the sight of his beloved still standing strong, then he continued with the battle and a tie of their gaze was broken. Legolas saw all of it, and felt and read every unspoken word that was. He couldn't stand the thought of it any longer, orcs were still hurling all around but a big numb sensation formed in his mind. He didn't particularly care about the orcs, or wether he'd be killed, no, all he cared about now, all his strength and devotion in that moment was formed into anger he felt for Haldir. He took everything from him and he had to pay. Legolas moved, his steps precariously light, he walked to the spot where Haldir was still fighting. An orc ran to his side but he merely noticed when he stabbed him, he just moved on, his anger taking away his clear mind. Haldir was dodging, hitting and stabbing everywhere he could, the large amount of orcs that surrounded him was somewhat smaller but there were still many to kill. He had no time to look around and so he didn't see Legolas approaching. He saw him at last when he stood right in from of him, dangerous and feral he looked, his eyes were clouded with ferocity of anger. At that moment Haldir felt only one thing, a feeling he hadn't felt a long time, he was afraid. "L-Legolas, calm down, I-I'm sure that Aragorn would have chosen you if things were different--"Legolas still didn't move, Haldir knew why he had to be afraid, he knew it all too well. The orcs were now swarming all over, one swung at Haldir and the elf killed him but there were more. Legolas got angrier with every moment as he watched how Haldir avoided every blow, he wanted to see him hurt. Finally to his satisfaction Haldir was wounded and he squirmed in pain, he let out a gasp and his lips formed one name, a name Legolas easily read, he whispered Aragorn. That was one final step over the brink of wrath Legolas felt, like a wolf when spotted his prey he ran to Haldir and while his fiend was still standing despite the wound he stabbed him on the back, in that moment he felt only pleasure for hurting him, hurting him oh so bad. He didn't care that stabbing his friend on the back was cowardice, only the gratification mattered. Haldir's breath caught in his throat, his mind immediately flew to Aragorn, calling him, the elf knew his time has come. With all the strength he managed to collect he slowly turned around, and to his utter horror he saw Legolas, so after all, he had to pay. He understood then, when he saw Legolas's eyes, he understood why he did it and smiled, but the pain was too great to keep smiling. The elven prince saw his fiend smile; he saw life slowly emerging out of the body, fëa leaving, then was when the numbness was gone. Legolas felt terrified at once, he killed his own friend, he saw him dying. His mind was a mess; the only rational solution was to flee for the graveness of his crime was too dire, and so he did. An impulse of panic slashed through Aragorn's mind. "Haldir..." escaped his lips. He blocked an orc, stabbed him, turned around on his heel and ran where he knew his love was. Despite the rain he felt exactly where Haldir was. They had a special bound; between a million elves he could choose his love without seeing their faces. There wasn't a time in his life when his limbs felt so heavy and his heart so bleeding. And there he was, his lover, standing with his back turned to Aragorn, his sword dropping out of his hand and blood irrigating his armour. As the elf started to fall Aragorn ran and kneeled behind him catching his light body like he used to. Haldir's long, blonde hair rested on Aragorn's shoulder as his lips opened wide. The Lothlorien elf let out a gasp of pain, his vision started to blur but despite all that, despite all the pain he still recognised Aragorn. He was holding him, he was there and that was all that mattered, in that moment death seemed so lovely and yet so cruel. He would die in the arms of his beloved, watching his handsome face covered with tears mixed in blood for the last time. But, he would die. And that meant that he would part forever from him, even in death they couldn't be together for none knew where mortal souls passed when the