A sequel to "G is for Gabrielle" and "He Does Write" Chapter One - Like Losing The girl stared at the rambling fieldstone farmhouse as if she had not seen it before. Which she had, but it was the neat stone-dust path, lined with rose bushes still with late summer blooms, and the wide wrought-iron gate that surprised her. This landscaping had not been there in the morning, but now it looked as if the manicured entrance had been there for the centuries the house had suffered. The girl was really more of young woman, though one had to look closely. If she was a kind of dragon and her scales were carefully examined, one would find nearly fourteen years of growth, though the last few markings could be debated. The girl's, sorry, young woman's name was Gabrielle Delacour, and she was resigned to the description petite. That term was certainly better than slight, short, or insignificant. She had, in fact, grown, but in her opinion it did not count if all her clothes still fit. A meager two centimeters, generously rounded up, in height hardly qualified as a growth spurt, but at least the vague promises on her chest had become definite prominences. The smallest named size, it was true, but they had at least reached a defined size. With strategic structuring cleavage was possible. Gabrielle was more than just a petite young woman dressed head to toe in black, with cropped blonde hair. She was a witch as well, so it was not the sudden appearance of the roses, gate, and path that made her pause. In the world of magic, things suddenly appeared all the time, like the dray of dead-white squirrels that had colonized the grounds of Delacour Manor. No, what she was having trouble with was why these additions had come to be at the Winterhall Estate. And, eh, who was paying for it. The hairstyle was her mother's doing, a pixie - in the muggle imagining, at least - cut, because the assembled experts judged that Gabrielle's hair lacked the luxuriousness needed for greater length. Gabrielle would have preferred to have kept her locks longer, because the short cut reminded her too much of those times when her hair had been nibbled to a similar but uneven length, and what had been lost. But she somehow got the sense that her hair had rather liked the attention and praise, and had become, in a way, their hair. Certainly the stubborn tresses refused to grow at all. Or perhaps, Gabrielle thought at times, it was a conspiracy with her ears, which had been declared her best feature. Which was, in her opinion, unlikely, except that she could not see her ears very well. The monochromatic clothing was difficult to explain and seemingly impossible to get rid of. Gabrielle desperately hoped it would go unnoticed. "Och, Ah see ye kent th' polish Ah pit oan th' auld place, mah wee mirk lassie." Gabrielle turned to the speaker, a thickly-built, graying man wearing a knitted sweater, a plaid skirt, and tall, green rubber boots. Eh, that is, kilt. He did not look ancient enough, in her experience, to be a danger, like the insane wizard who had bequeathed her the property, but the skirt worried her a little. That is, the kilt worried her. She assumed he was a wizard, since the man, whose legs were far too hairy, really, for a skirt, had been hired by the goblins of Gringotts as the caretaker. Gabrielle had been assured, after her family had been introduced to the man, that he spoke English. She continued to have her doubts, but now nodded and gave him a small and hopefully appropriate smile. Her mother and father were storing the borrowed car. "Dae ye hink yer Maw will loch it?" asked the caretaker, blushing slightly. "She's a braw hen, an' yer dad is a verra lucky dobber." "Eh, yes?" guessed Gabrielle. The caretaker's name was Robert Mac-Something-She-Could-Not-Remember, which made speaking to him even more awkward than not understanding half of what he said already did. What did mirk mean? "Bonjour, Robert," greeted Gabrielle's mother, who neatly avoided the issue by only speaking French. The slight blush became a furious one as the man hurried to open the new gate. Papa, noted Gabrielle, only glared. Madame Delacour stepped through, cupped a rose in a pale hand, and sniffed it briefly before giving Robert a radiant smile. The gate he held was the only thing that prevented him from sagging to his knees. The Winterhall Estate was hers, or so the goblin from Gringotts had told Gabrielle, but it did not feel that way. The furnishings were not hers; the linens were not hers. With Maman here, the new furnishings and the new linens were not Gabrielle's either, though they were at least more familiar. The problem for Gabrielle was the lingering presence of Granary Winterhall. Not as a ghost or spirit, drifting through the walls at night when she slept or regaling her at breakfast with endlessly repeated stories of his life. No, it was that Gabrielle could See the past, and the past of the expired Monsieur Winterhall permeated the very walls of the place. There was, for instance, the spot in the tiny kitchen, between the old wood stove and the window. Gabrielle had stood there by chance on the flustered tour the caretaker had given, and had been rooted in place, nauseated by the taste of the tar on the pipe stem in her mouth while she her nose sought refuge in the faint scent of cherries buried in the noxious cloud she breathed. Her eyes had still seen the field outside, but as a blur of passing seasons. Years reeled by, each one duller and less bright than the one just passed. Her father had lifted her up in his arm like she was a child, breaking the trance. And Gabrielle could not use the small bedroom at the end of the hall at all, not without succumbing to gut-wrenching sobs, since that was where the body of the late Winterhall's murdered daughter had been laid out and mourned. Gabrielle slept on the sofa downstairs, since her parents used the larger bedroom. Which would be fine once her owl, Lieutenant Mimsey Plumes, finished off the mice infesting the chimney. He was not exactly a quiet eater - how did he make those smacking sounds with just a beak? - and he tended to hoot excitedly when he did catch something. The Winterhall Estate was hers, but Gabrielle could not forbid use of it. She would have much preferred staying at the Burrow with the Weasleys. Gabrielle was certain that Mrs. Weasley would not have minded, and the Weasleys certainly had the room. As far as Gabrielle knew, only Ginny kept a room there now. Even so, of course, family dinners were common, and that, suspected Gabrielle, was the real reason for this exile at the Winterhall Estate. Which was ridiculous, because she had contact with George all the time, though, obviously, not physical contact. The current exile could not prevent that. The metal beetle with its magicked wings had been vital to Gabrielle's sanity, even if using the artifice was itself maddening. Poking at the little segments on the wing was slow and error-prone, and having to piece together the return message a letter at a time was not any better. George had come up with some improvements, a word that took nearly a minute itself to arrive, but it was impossible for her to make the alterations herself. That the insect was no better than it was when it had been given was something that she did not want to dwell on, because of what it meant. Gabrielle preferred using her owl, of whom she was rather proud. Lieutenant Mimsey was no longer the scrawny, stupid, half-chewed bird that had volunteered his pathetic services during that horrible summer. Well, he was not so stupid at least. Just, eh, excitable. Under her care, the Lieutenant had grown fully, and then some. His wingspan was nearly one and a half meters, and he was strong enough to lift a dining room chair. His talons were strong enough to gouge the wood of that chair too, something that Maman had not failed to notice. Gabrielle was made to stand at dinners until it was repaired. The bird had made dozens of deliveries to Gabrielle's friends at Beauxbatons, and at least half as many to Britain. The long trips across France and the Channel were nerveracking for Gabrielle, since she was not sure if her owl could swim if the worst happened. She always tried to use the lightest parchment for those letters. What the bird returned with was often heavier, but since the Channel crossing was earlier in the trip on the way back he was not as likely to be tired over the water. The morning had been spent visiting Gabrielle's new nephew, Louis. He had grown nearly as much as the Lieutenant had since the last time she had seen him, and Gabrielle was quite happy to be his favorite aunt. Louis called her "Ga", or "Ba", or occasionally "Ta", all of which Gabrielle translated as "Aunt Gabrielle, whom I love very much." He was already starting to walk! Sort of. It might have looked more like an extended fall to anyone who did not know how precocious he was. Louis had red hair like his father's, and it was surprisingly thick and silky for a seven month old. His skin was as clear as his mother's, with not a freckle on him. Gabrielle had carried him about the entire visit, half because he had wanted her to and half because it made her feel like a queen. Maman had certainly been a little jealous. The adoration of little Louis almost made up for the disappointment that George was not visiting also, nor Mrs. Weasley, nor even Ginny. "Gabrielle! What have I told you about this rodent of yours?" The annoyed voice was Gabrielle's mother's, and came from the tiny kitchen. It made Gabrielle sigh, because natural instincts were difficult to change. Autumn was coming, and Sauveuret was hiding food again. "I am sorry - Maman!" blurted Gabrielle after hurrying to the kitchen. Her mother brandished a stiff and petrified Sauveuret by his tail, his snout transfigured into that of a pig's. "There, eh, there was no reason to do that." "Now the creature looks as he acts," dismissed Madame Delacour. Gabrielle cradled the transfigured squirrel in her arms, and bit back any excuses or arguments. After a year of seemingly endless strife and feeling as if she was a disappointment to everyone, Gabrielle was simply glad that she was still welcomed at Delacour Manor, although it was an effort at times. Sauveuret grunted, authentically pig-like, at her. "You will be fed the whole winter. You know this. It is not even that cold yet!" reminded Gabrielle. She took the animal's over-stuffed cheeks in her hand and squeezed. Out popped two of the specially fortified nuggets that were his normal feed, half a cornichon, and a soggy red ball of yarn. "And you are not to help him!" scolded Gabrielle. The red ball of yarn was Pepi-Z, her zombie pygmy puffskein. "Honestly! He does not even like pickles." Now she would have to find all of Sauveuret's hiding spots before Maman did. The easiest way to accomplish that would be to set her three toads, the Sisters, to the task, but then that meant letting the amphibians out of their own punishment early. Gabrielle was not sure where the Sisters got their ideas from, because if she did she would put stop it and find them a new source. Gabrielle sat down on the sofa that doubled as her bed. The upholstery was a dull, green woven fabric, with an oddly nobbly texture to it. She expected that