Chapter 1 My mom drove me to the airport. The weather was perfect here in Phoenix, blistering hot with not a cloud in the sky. It's hard to think that I'm actually leaving this place for a place like Forks. See in Washington State there is a teensy little town called Forks, a place covered in an almost constant shade of grey clouds. Not to mention the rain. I mean it practically rains daily there; in fact it rains there more than it does in the whole United States. I used to go there every summer for a month to visit my dad, Charlie. That torture finally ended when I was ten and now I get a visit from my dad here for two weeks. Why am I doing this you might ask? Great question, I'll get to that later. "Bella, you really don't have to do this," my mom said. "Mom, I want to," I lied. Now I'm not exactly a good liar, In fact I'm a not even remotely an OK liar, but my mom believed me and she only believed me because she wanted it to be true. She nodded and hugged me so tight I could barely breathe. "Alright baby, call every chance you get. I love you," she said. "Love you to," I told her and boarded the plane. It was a long four hour flight from Phoenix to Seattle and then I got another hour from Seattle to Port Angeles. After getting off the plane I spent another ten minutes looking for my dad. He finally caught sight of me and gave me an awkward hug before grabbing my bags and showing me to the car. After a half hour of awkward silence he announced, "So Isabella, I got you registered for high school." I gave him a weak smile. "Thanks, and it's uh Bella now. I go by Bella," I told him and he nodded. "Oh," he answered, "Well I uh got you a nice car," he said. I'm not so sure I like the way he says nice car. "A nice car?" I asked. "It's a Chevy; I got it real cheap off Billy Black. You remember Billy Black don't you?" he asked. A Chevy. Cool, I've always wanted a truck. Well I've always just wanted a car in general so… I turned to him and shook my head. "Not really," I told him. Billy Black. Billy Black. Nope, nothing. "He lives down at La Push with his son Jacob. You and him used to play together. He's in a wheelchair now," he told me. Billy Black. Jacob Black. Billy Black. You know, now that I think about it I do get the faintest memory of long hair and mud. "What year is it?" I asked. "It's only a few years old really," he said nervously, like he didn't want me to ask anything more on that subject. I'm guessing this means it's old, really old. He probably got it for free to, if Billy Black is in a wheelchair. "It runs great though," he told me. "Okay then. Thanks," I said and pulled a book out from the carryon at me feet. When we finally made it to Charlie's house I had made I through more than half of my book. What can I say, I'm a speed reader. I got out of the car and looked around. The house was the same house my mom and him lived in when they were still married. Surrounding the house was a nice looking neighborhood and in the backyard (or as much of the backyard as I could see from the sidewalk) was a huge green forest. Forks is gorgeous, it is but that doesn't make me want to live here anymore then I used to. I mean I hate rain. I really, really hate it. I'm not one of those weird girls who love frolicking in the rain. Not that there is anything wrong with that. Anyway, back on topic. In the driveway was an old, faded red truck. It was something my mom would say has character. I might not be a girl who loves frolicking in the rain, but I am a girl who loves things with character and this truck defiantly has. Let's just hope it actually runs. I turned and gave Charlie a hug. "Thanks dad, it's great!" I said with an enormous grin. "You're uh welcome," he said, his cheeks flushing pink. You know, maybe Forks won't be so bad after all. Maybe. Possibly. I grabbed all of my stuff, it wasn't exactly a lot, and followed Charlie to my room. It was the same room I've always had, the west bedroom that faced out over the front yard. It's changed since I was ten. Gone were the bright pink walls and stuffed animals. It was now a dark blue, my favorite color, with a white queen sized bed and a white desk. There was a large bookcase and an old computer in there to. "I've changed it a bit, but you can decorate it however you like," he told me. "Thanks, dad," I answered. He gave me a nod and left the room. Thank goodness Charlie doesn't hover, one of the many traits that he doesn't share with my mom. I unpacked the little amount of things that I brought, most of which being books and clothes, and settled down on my new bed with Mr. Softy. Ohm Mr. Softy us my old stuffed bear. I know seventeen is a little old for a stuffed bear, but I'm sure lots of seventeen year olds have one. I'm just women enough to admit it. After shedding a few stupid tears (I'm women enough to admit that to) I took a long shower in the one bathroom that I'm now going to have to share with my dad (dang it) and got ready for bed. I called my mom and told her that I got here safe and everything is going just fine before finally going to sleep. My last thought before totally passing out was that I'm going to be the new kid at Forks High. Well this sucks. Forks High has a grand total of three hundred and fifty-seven (or should I say fifty-eight) students. Back home there were at least seven hundred kids, no one would ever notice a new kid. Of course here everyone knew everyone; their parents had grown up together. Heck, their grandparents had grown up together. I don't know anybody, and no one knows me. I bet they won't like me; they'll probably treat me like an outsider invading their territory. Not to mention the whole antisocial thing I've got going for me. I don't even look like a girl from Arizonian should look like. I'm not a tanned blonde haired blue eyes bimbo. Which is kind of a good thing depending on how you look at it I guess. Anyway instead of being a TBHBEB (a tanned blonde haired blue eyes bimbo) I've got skin as white as snow and hair as black as night. I've got the whole Snow White thing going for me, but that's not going to get me anywhere. I'm also athletically challenged if you know what I mean. Basically I can't even go up a flight of stairs without getting hurt and I defiantly can't catch a ball without having a near death experience. What I'm trying to say is my first day is going to be hell. After taking a shower (I usually don't take two in an eight hour period, but I had to get all the traveling gunk off me and if I don't take a shower in the morning my hair gets frizzy) I got dressed in the warmest clothes I could find and headed down stairs. When I got there, there was a note tacked to the fridge telling me that he had left for work early and food was in the pantry. Charlie is a policeman. Chief of Police actually. I pulled open the pantry and grabbed a box of cereal, which was the only thing in there other then five cans of soup. This ought to be delicious. After eating I grabbed my sweater and headed outside into the icy cold rain. It was raining pretty hard (no surprise there) so after quickly locking up I raced to the car and started up the engine. It was undeniably the loudest car engine I've ever heard. Well I hope this doesn't call too much attention to me at school. Charlie had shown me the school when he was driving me to his house, and even though I was to absorbed in my book to really pay attention I found it pretty easily. Forks High is an OK looking school, even though I've never been to a school like this before. It was a bunch of small buildings made up of little red bricks with a bunch of windows everywhere. As I was driving into the parking lot I saw a little sign that said Forks High Home of the Spartans. It was nice. I parked in the half full parking lot and made myself get out of the warm car and into the building that I was most sure was the home of the front office. Okay Bells, breathe. You just have to say I'm Isabella Swan. You can do that. I opened the door and looked around inside. It was nice and had a homey type feel to it. There was a middle aged red haired woman with pointed green glasses sitting behind the counter reading something on the computer in front of her. "Can I help you?" she asked in a high, nasally voice without looking away from the computer. "I'm Isabella Swan," I told her. Yay! Mini high five to me I did it! Alright maybe it's not that big of an accomplishment but whatever. "Oh, of course," she said in a knowing voice like she knew who I was and where I came from. Of course she probably did. She reached into a draw, with her eyes still on the computer, and pulled out a few pieces of paper. "Here is your schedule and a map of the school. There is a slip in there that you have to have each teacher sign and then bring back to me by the end of the day," she said and handed them to me. "Forks is a lovely place. You have a good day now," she said. I noticed that the whole time she did that she never took her eyes off of the computer. Well that's a handy skill to have. As I left I leaned over to see what she was doing on it. Nosy I know, but I can't help it. I saw that she was chatting with someone the screen name DanyBoy and her own screen name was HottMama. God Bella why did you have to look? I shook my head and headed for my first class. I looked at the map and tried to follow it as well as I could. Luckily this school is small so it's not really that hard to find one class room. The classroom was half full of people all talking and laughing and sitting on their desks. It was quiet for a split second when I walked in before the conversation started up again. I heard the word New Girl and Isabella and Chief Swan's Kid a few times as I handed the slip to the old, balding teacher that sat at his desk grading papers. He signed it quickly and handed me a piece of paper. "I'm Mr. Mason. I'm sure you'll like it here at Forks High, Isabella," he told me. I nodded without correcting him on my name and sat in the farthest seat in the back. I looked over the reading list and gave a sigh of relief; I've read all of