Hi, everyone. This story will be a oneshot, but I will be expanding this chapter a couple times before it is completed. This is the first bit, inspired by the song "Secret" by The Pierces. When I listened to this song, I totally fell in love with it, and immediately started drawing parallels to this particular part of the Hunger Games series. I decided it would be fun to tell this area of the story from a different perspective, and created my OC Livia to play the part of a Capitol criminal tasting the sting of justice for the first time. Try listening to the song while you read (nightcore is the creepiest version, if you're into that.) Enjoy+Review :) Livia sat, solitary in the dark room, unable to fully relax against the plush, meticulously sewn-up couch cushions at her back. Only a strip of her elaborately dressed-up body was visible as a result of the garishly bright screen before her, beaming its pixelated wonders into her eyes with unrelenting vividness. The Panem National Anthem blared into her jewel-bedecked ears, but the so-familiar melody, typically soothing, was acutely discomforting to her this particular night. Rather than taking the trouble to lower the volume, she stayed cemented to her seat, each muscle rigid. Such stillness calmed her, though she was still tempted to turn her head to the darkness. A terrifying scenario of a dark figure lunging from the unlit shadows snuck into her imagination and her head whipped to her right in a burst of braided hair, royal azure. Sickly gray eyes, pink around the edges and dilated from the intense light of the screen, scoped out the hazy darkness of her living room. Searching for…fair skin? Fiery hair? "Nothing?" Livia asked within her mind, turning to the left to be doubly assured, glimpsing a glittering skyline out her window in the process. "Yes…nothing." When she returned her eyes to the screen, however, a far less expected sight, almost equally horrifying, was broadcasted straight to her face. The wicked Katniss Everdeen. What sort of horrors would the Capitol be learning about her this time? Yet this didn't look like the usual evening news. There were no headlines cycling beneath the main image, no patriotic border encircling the screen. And no familiar reporter's voice. Instead, Livia heard the Mockinjay's voice for the first time in her life. "When I met Peeta, I was eleven years old, and I was almost dead." Livia clapped her manicured hands over her ears in a cacophonic jingling of bracelets, rings and earrings. The voice, so soft, with a softness she had only heard from outsiders, had disturbed her. Why would they let that rebel speak like this, before every citizen of the Capitol? With wide, greasy eyes, she looked to her window for a second time, fighting to see past the reflection of her television on the twin glass panes. When, at last, she focused on the beautiful nighttime horizon, she noticed the lights within the glowing towers becoming gradually brighter. No, not brighter. They were being joined by new lights at a rapid pace. Window after window, floor after floor, was blooming with the intense white-yellow of electricity, as if bursting into flames. The skyline was being illuminated so quickly that she could visibly see the sky's edge glowing stronger every second. "As if the city is catching fire," she mentally noted with a deep shudder. Once again her imagination forced her to look into the darkness of her room. Looking for angry eyes as bright as the screen before her. "Nothing? Nothing." Still covering her ears, Livia timidly faced the screen. Someone out of the picture was in the midst talking to Katniss, who was just finished with her intense monologue. Yet another voice so soft… The screen flickered, a gray snowstorm of static clawing at the warm image of Katniss's face. Defiant, she parted her lips to speak as the image began to clear again. "…I know at any moment Snow could kill him," she gravely confided, "Especially since he warned Thirteen about the bombing. It's a terrible thing to live with…" Livia finally worked up the will to turn off the screen. She shut her eyes and her vision was engulfed in a glaring square of swirling greens and reds and blues as a result of the concentrated exposure to light. The slowly fading image was the haunting ghost of what she'd seen, refusing to let go of her senses. Soon visions of a dark head of hair and the young, dainty features of Katniss Everdeen were dancing across the spinning darkness behind her lids. Suddenly, Livia became terrified to reopen her eyes. Afraid to find herself looking into the truly present features of one she was far more familiar with. A glint of silver-white teeth in a smile filled with admiration yet sizzling with an underlying hatred. Or the bat of a lash-laden eyelid in a wink so sweetly playful that one would never know of the tears it blinked away. Slowly, with gritted teeth, the woman unveiled her eyes. All she saw before her was the blackness of the screen she had been looking into moments ago. No tall figure. No teeth. "Nothing." Darkness was all around her now, save the glow of the Capitol beyond her window. The city was fully alight now, and she could hear cars roaring down the streets below; shocking, considering her little apartment perched ten stories above the ground. She was tempted to walk to the window, to look down and see just how many cars could make such a noise, but felt more secure on her couch. She just wanted to stay still and be…left alone. Just as she was going to look away from her window, something flickered across the glass, looking to be a reflection from the back of the room. But the room was pitch-black! Livia whirled around, staring into darkness with wild eyes before finally managing to distinguish the far wall and a lone door to the hallway, void of anything that moved. Her paranoid eyes had tricked her, as they did oftener and oftener these days. Suddenly, she longed for the screen again. Its sickly sweet, deathly pale glow was comforting to her. Hopefully they had stopped that strange broadcast. They could stop it, right?" Livia allowed her rectangular companion to flicker to life and found herself staring into the blue-flame eyes of Finnick Odair. His vibrant black pupils bored into her maggot-white face with a righteous vehemence that shook her to her core. "Why?!" The woman shrieked this word alone as she lunged from her seat with sudden, terror-driven vigor, gasping, half out of shock, half in an attempt to keep away the silence that now felt so unnatural in the way it loomed around her. Just as she found the nerve to look away from the screen, a toneless voice, softer than all the others, seeped like a gentle mist from the speakers bedecking her screen in a near-whisper with a lilting District Four accent. She had never heard him speak this way before. "I wasn't the only one, but I was the most popular. And perhaps the most defenseless, because the people I loved were so defenseless. To make themselves feel better, my patrons made presents of money or jewelry, but I found a much more valuable form of payment." For a moment Finnick glances away from the camera, either distracted or building up an internal drumroll. As if awoken from a trance with the loss of eye contact, Livia filled the silence with a wordless scream, dropping to her hands and knees. She knew where this show was going and was now utterly terrified of it. For that moment, her mind was plunged into the past. The guilt that had stewed in her for years. The garnish of fear she'd added to it when she had her first and final meeting with that legendary Victor. Her entrails writhed with violent sickness beneath her elegant blue dress as she revisited her rollercoaster of memories. "Secrets." Finnick's voice hit Livia like an iron hammer; driving a nail into her coffin. "…And this is where you're going to want to stay tuned, President Snow, because so very many of them were about you. But let's begin with some of the others. Starting with…" From the wall behind her, Livia could hear muffled voices talking in raised tones in the hallway beyond and stamping footsteps echoing at multiple distances; all with the same hurried pace. Livia threw a glance behind her, then fixed her gaze on the face in her screen. Finnick was about to begin telling his first dooming tale and Livia focused herself on the simple task of listening for her name. Don't say my name, don't say my name… The first on his execution list did not bear Livia's name. She forced herself to block out his silken voice, unwilling to face any more shock than she already had to. A woman's long, shrill scream, a man's bellowing response and a slamming door boomed from the depths of the hall. "…committed arson eight years ago, killing her unnamed child in the process…slit the throat of a snooping Peacekeeper right before the assassination…hung his sister's body from his balcony…blackmailed her into stealing it, then…" Livia walled herself off from the ever growing noises from the window and walls. They had begun to terrify her more than Finnick's stories and, hesitantly, she refocused only on the sweetly unfamiliar voice that calmly continued pouring its dark serenade of sin into the bewildered ears of the national population. Livia did not hear her name, but began to recognize many others as those of well-known Capitol aristocrats, like herself. These were people she'd learned to trust; some of which she'd even had the fortune to meet. They were never quite as magnificent in person as they appeared to be on the screen, of course, but she had always had faith in them. They were only human. "…his mother shot him, then turned the gun on her miserable self…but the serial murderer was a good friend of our dear President Snow…bribed the Peacekeepers…sprayed the toxic chemical stores on the mansion grounds…killed the family dog and cannibalized the wife…" Livia was deeply startled upon hearing a loud thump as something in the hallway slammed heavily against the back wall. There was more screaming, more arguing, then a steady rhythm of gunshots from down the hall. The enraged insults hurled back and forth were now replaced with high-speed lead, and the stamping footsteps scattered as a result and were promptly lost in the chaos beyond. Glass shattered, a baby was howling, a door was pounded open. From below, sirens wailed, tires were shredded against asphalt and car horns blared, not quite drowning out an oncoming rainstorm of fast-firing Peacekeeper weapons. Livia could only sit and silently beg the golden-skinned figure before her to keep her away from the chaos that so many others had fallen prey to. She cursed the night she met him and tore scratch marks in her couch cushions with talon-like fingernails, beginning to wish the fabric in her claws was the skin of the Victor's throat. "Oh, please…"she gasped into the eerily screen-lit air before her, soon to begin biting her polka-dotted lips, lined with wrinkles that even years of cosmetic surgeries couldn't hide. "…left her dying husband with the delusion of marrying me…" There was a smash and the sound of snapping wood from past the living room door. Livia staggered to her feet, almost tripping on the pom-pom adorned hem of her gown. Hustling to the door, then flinging it open, she met face to face with the host of one of her favorite all-night talk shows, though her face was barely recognizable, deathly pale with fear and almost void of the usual flamboyant makeup. "…drank himself to death in the basement out of guilt…" "What