Hermione stood on the platform of 9 ¾ with her two best friends "I can't believe you aren't coming back for our last year" she said to them. "Well what do you expect Hermione, I was waiting for an excuse not to go back since I first got there" Ron joked. Hermione knew that a part of him was sad not to be going back, but he did hate school, and she was sure that if it wasn't for them always saving the day that he would have failed out of school. Harry smiled, "besides with all of our experience during the war, the ministry isn't requiring us to have to take our N.E.W.T.S. In fact, you don't even need to go back yourself, but you would never feel like you've earned the job if you didn't pass all the required tests. You're going to have a great year Hermione, I just know it, and you've become a head girl who is going to be amazing. He pulled her into a deep hug "now hurry, or you'll miss the train." Hermione smiled into his shoulder "Thanks, Harry," she then hugged Ron. "I'm going to miss you both so much!" She grabbed her luggage rack and wheeled it over to one of the conductors who took it to the baggage car. She turned one last time and waved to the two men on the platform before entering the Hogwarts Express. She found an empty compartment and made herself comfortable. She took out a book from her bag; the book was titled "Wizards and Witches: Banishment". She had found it in the back corner of Second- hand bookshop on Diagon Alley. She was in the middle of reading about Jean Millicent, who had been banished back in 1540 for having an affair with and showing her magic to a muggle, not only was she banished, the ministry had made the decision to bind her magic when her cabin door opened, and the noise startled her. Looking up she saw the thin frame of Draco Malfoy, he wasn't even paying attention to see if anyone was even in this compartment. He had a muggle portable cd player in his hand, headphones over his ears, and a bag draped over his shoulder. Hermione watched him not even notice her and sit across from her, unsure of whether she should say anything she just stared at him. It wasn't until he had put down his bag that he noticed her "Jeez! Granger, when did you get here?" She rolled her eyes, she didn't have loathsome hate for him anymore, and not that she ever really did, especially once he convinced his family to switch sides during the war. He never really was a bad guy just doing what he thought he was supposed to. "I've been here since we've left London." She pointed to the cd-player, "Since when do you use muggle inventions?" "Oh, this" he lifted it to emphasize that's what he was talking about, "I typically don't call it an experiment of some kind. I've seen muggles and wizards use it, and I wanted to see what it was. Did you know that there is some decent muggle music?" Hermione gave a slight chortle, she had been listening to muggle music her whole life "yes I did." Closing her book and leaning forward she asked him "what are you listening to right now?" "Umm? I never seem to be able to remember any of the band's names." He reached into his bag and pulled out a cd case, "a band called Matchbox 20. Have you heard of them?" Hermione's eyes widened as she reached for the CD case "heard of them? I love them; they are one of my favorite muggle band's at the moment. Which is your favorite song?" Draco laughed at her outburst "mine too, who knew we would have something in common. Though, to be honest, I haven't actually been listening to a lot of so-called modern music. During the summer, after everything was settled, I wanted to immerse myself into muggle culture to get a better sense of the types of beings they are. So I asked the house elves to gather some muggle music. Come to find out they had asked my aunt Andromeda for recommendations so most of what I listened to was music from the 1970's, a lot of Queen, Aerosmith. As for my favorite song off of this album, I think it has to be Back 2 Good." He points his pointer finger at her "no wise cracks!" She raised her hands in defense "I would never. That's a good song; my favorite is the song Push." Draco nodded his head in agreement; he noticed her book that was now resting in her lap. "That's the Hermione I always know with her nose in a book" he smirked. "Ha-Ha-Ha" she faked laughed, "so what I enjoy reading, it's not a flaw." Hermione gripped the book tighter to her body, she was tired of people making fun of her for her love of reading. This time, Draco raised his hands in defense "never said it was, just nice to see that even after everything somethings haven't changed." "What made you want to come back this year? I was sure that you wouldn't want to" She asked him. "To be honest to get out of my house! I couldn't take my parents trying to actual talk to me and act like they cared about what I was doing. It was honestly great in the beginning. I had spent most of my life having to worry about myself; when it came to the little things, my parents didn't care. If it didn't make my family come off in a bad light, I was on my own. They only cared if it would make others suffer, like for instance Hagrid in the third year. It is also nice once in a while, but it got to the point where every day my mom wanted to know what I was up too, where I was going, who I was going to be with, etc. I'm 17 the legal age to do whatever I want, and now they are all over my every move. My father was worse than my mother he tried to have the father/son talk with me. I had to explain that he was a few years too late for that." "Oh. Well, they are just trying to be normal parents, it is new for them too. My parents are always asking where I am going, even though they know I am pretty much a saint." "That's all well and good, but it drove me bonkers. Besides my letter from Hogwarts said that if I returned, I would be put into the position of head boy." Hermione's eyes grew wide "You're head, boy?" she didn't mean to have her tone be so shocked; but she was shocked. He shrugged "yes why?" as he raised an eyebrow at her. " It's just that I'm head girl. It looks like we will be roommates this year" she gave a small smile trying to hide her sheer bewilderment and dread. Draco looked at her and smirked, "I could think of worse people to be roommates with." She felt her cheeks warm. He was the first to depart from their conversation by placing his earphones back over his head. Hermione thought that was slightly rude, but had come to expect nothing much of manners from Draco. She reopened her book and began reading again. Every few pages Hermione would steal glances at Draco who was curled against the wall asleep. She only woke him when it was time to meet with the other prefects and talk about their duties for the upcoming year. Once they were back in their compartment they each returned to what they were doing, Draco sleeping listening to music and Hermione reading, for the remainder of the train ride, sitting in surprisingly comfortable silence. Hermione and Draco entered their new room, after the banquet to start the new year. It was larger than expected. Each had their own bedroom, and bathroom; they just shared a common room. There was also a little kitchenette, which Hermione was excited for since her long hours of studying coffee had become her friend and now it was right here in her room she didn't need to feel guilty for asking the house elves to get it for her. No matter what anyone told her, not even house elves themselves, she would never be convinced that they actually liked to serve witches and wizards. To her, it was almost like Stockholm syndrome, where they are conditioned to think that they love humans as slaves. "This is nice," Draco said as he sat on the couch. The room had hints of Slytherin and Gryffindor together greens and reds, silvers and golds. "Yes, it is" Hermione responded as she sat on the other end of the sofa. She was excited to start her classes tomorrow. This year's schedule was going to be a good one; her classes consisted of Charms, Potions, Arithmancy, Herbology, History of Magic and Transfiguration. She wondered what Draco schedule was like "are you excited to start classes?" "Excited isn't the word I would use, but yeah it should be good. I have easy classes this year." "What are you taking? Maybe were in the same class" Hermione questioned. "Charms, Potions, Alchemy, which might be my hardest one but doubtful, Herbology, and Arithmancy" he replied. "Wow four out of six, I guess we can be study buddies" she chuckled. Draco smirked "dying to spend more time with me, Granger?" Hermione quickly looked down and blushed "no, I…I was attempting a joke…." Draco burst out laughing "I know that, I was making one back. I didn't realize that you were so sensitive about it." Hermione felt her face being on fire from blushing so much "no I'm not sensitive about it, I just don't usually crack jokes, …." Draco could only smile at this "it's alright Granger if it upsets you I'll try to refrain from cracking jokes with you." "No it's fine, I don't know why I even... Joking around is fine. Just forget it." She waved her arm in front of her. "It's forgotten." He got up from the couch "well I'm off to bed, see you in the morning study buddy" he winked as he closed his door. "Oh," Hermione blushed again as she closed her door. The first half the semester was going fairly well. It was November, and that meant it was time for midterms; she was positive that she was going to fine on all her tests. Despite joking about, in the beginning, she and Draco did occasionally study together. It amazed her how smart he was. She knew he was second only to her for most of their time at Hogwarts but to see him studying in person was different. The only class that was going to be an issue for midterms was her History of Magic class. This class didn't have a test, but rather a 3-foot parchment essay. The essay topic was to pick a witch or wizard that wasn't well known and talk about their accomplishments. She still had to choose a person to write about; she had no idea why it was so hard to pick someone. That night, which was Thursday, the essay was due that following Monday, she sat on her bed looking up at the ceiling "what am I going to do?" She closed her eyes to cleanse her mind of everything and decided to just read and hopefully a person will come to mind. She remembered her new book Wizards & Witches: Banishment that she had begun reading on the Hogwarts Express. To her surprise, she hadn't gotten to finish it yet. Now she remembered why she didn't finish she was too busy looking at Draco instead of