(UPDATE: I drastically reduced the very long A/N! Enjoy~) Here's the fic that I finally finished editing. It's my first time writing for the Hunger Games fandom, so please bear with me here. Again, this was written late at night, so please forgive my inconsistencies in tense every now and then. It's a post-Mockingjay, pre-Epilogue Everlark fic as well (My preferred type of Everlark fic, to be honest.) Hope you guys enjoy it~ Please do review. :) DISCLAIMER: No , I am not the spectacular author of the Hunger Games series OR the creator of these great characters. That would be Ms. Collins, not me. She was dead. Well, not exactly. Yes, her heart was beating loud and clear; and, yes, she could feel the blood flowing through her veins and her lungs stretching and filling with air with every breath she took. And, sure, Katniss was a brave soul. She was strong and independent, and everyone knew that she could fend for herself. She was the fiery victor everyone knew about, the Mockingjay, symbol of the rebellion. She was the Girl on Fire, and her fire could not be quenched. But her eyes told a different story. Any person who came across her now would agree that their blazing Mockingjay was now reduced to sputtering embers in a pile of ashes. Her ash grey eyes were cold and empty, devoid of any spark of life whatsoever. She was broken. And that showed in her behavior. She became catatonic at most, moving from her spot in the bed by her bedroom window only when Greasy Sae would help her accomplish her daily routine. Maybe she would come downstairs to the kitchen sometimes, but even then she would stare at her plate blankly while her mind was off to a world where her sister continuously haunted her with memory after painful memory (until Greasy Sae or Haymitch would tell her firmly to eat). But, even so, she would only eat a few bites and drag herself up the stairs to her bed or, on occasion, to the massive sofa in the living room where she would just stare into space for a long time. As a result, the girl withered in her appearance. Her cheeks became hollow, her eyes dull, dark circles appeared underneath her eyes, and she grew thinner and thinner each day despite the fact that Greasy Sae cooked the heartiest meals in all of District 12. She often spent her time sleeping and staring into the distance, and if not, she was either petting Buttercup absentmindedly (The blasted cat was not shouted at anymore. In fact, after their first moment of mutual grief, the girl and the cat were in good terms with each other.) or jolted awake by her numerous nightmares - most of which involved the Games, Gale, her father, Rue, Cinna, Finnick, her mother, Primrose, and even Peeta, among many, many others. After all, everyone knew that deep inside, a part of her died the moment her little sister was blown to smithereens just months ago. o-~-~-~-~-o But then Peeta came back from the Capitol, and as soon as she saw him exhuming soil from her front yard and placing lovely flowers in its place, Katniss ran down from her room and up to him, skidding to a halt at her porch while eyeing the flowers in his hands. For the first time in months, she spoke. "You came back." He looked up at her and gave her a faint smile. Following her gaze, he looked down at the tiny bushes he just planted onto the yard. "I found these at the edge of the woods and thought that you would want these to remember her by." And then suddenly she understood: he had planted her primroses . She looked into his eyes for a moment before running back into the house and shutting the door behind her with a loud bang. o-~-~-~-~-o The next morning, Katniss woke up to a loud knock on the door. She just woke up from a strangely peaceful dream (a memory, perhaps?) of her singing Prim to sleep, and she felt the grief and mourning for her sister wash over her. The knocking surprised her, though; no one ever knocked at her door, not even Greasy Sae. She hesitated at first (After all, Katniss never really enjoyed surprises anymore; since her father's passing, they were usually bad surprises, not good ones.), but she managed to pull herself out of bed and open the door even though the knocking had stopped. Yes, the sight that greeted her was a surprise indeed. A warm loaf of bread lay in the covered basket at her doorstep. Though the person who placed it there wasn't present, she knew who had left this gift at her doorstep. His name slipped like a sigh from her chapped lips. " Peeta. " The girl bent down to pick the basket up and brought it into the kitchen. She removed the cloth that covered the basket, cut a slice for herself, and placed the remaining loaf back in the basket. Taking the warm slice in her hands, she inhaled the sweet aroma of Peeta's bread and took a bite. The bread was soft, still fresh from the oven across the street. It was a mish-mash of flavors on her tongue- the sweet and tart taste of the fruit, the toasted flavor of the nuts, and the homey bread taste which evened out all the other rich flavors. It tasted just like the bread he tossed to her in the rain years ago. It tasted like home. Once that thought sank in, Katniss felt an overwhelming flood of memories and emotions overcome her. Peeta had baked this for her. Was it possible that her boy with the bread was back? And so this was how a slightly-late Greasy Sae found her that morning: crying feebly into her arms with a half-eaten slice of fruit-nut bread on the plate before her. o-~-~-~-~-o The house at the other side was filled with the sounds of tortured screams, broken glass, and objects thrown around. Katniss knew that Peeta also experienced night terrors like she did, but by the sound of his pained cries and the sight of his bleeding hands with which he held the bread basket on the way to her house the next morning, she realized that things were just so much worse for him. And it's all her fault. o-~-~-~-~-o The bread became a staple each morning. Greasy Sae would still cook her breakfast but made sure that Katniss would still have an appetite for Peeta's bread. Sometimes the girl would slowly pad her way to the kitchen and take a slice of bread from the bread box. One morning, however, Katniss got downstairs to find Peeta sitting at the kitchen table with his usual bread basket uncovered before him. "Oh! Hey, Katniss. I'm sorry for barging into your house this morning. Greasy Sae can't come today because her granddaughter's sick, so she invited me over to make you some breakfast. I hope you don't mind." She made no reply but still moved over to take the seat across from him. He leaned over the table to take the cloth off the top of the basket, and almost instantly, the kitchen smelled like yeast, bread, and cheese. "I hope you like it. It took a while to get it right, but this one was the best batch," Peeta said sheepishly as he took a cheese bun and broke it in half. Cheese buns. Katniss's favorite. He remembered . Katniss took one as well and proceeded to pull it apart like he did and placed a chunk into her mouth, closing her eyes as her teeth sank into the soft, stringy dough and the cheese melted in her mouth. Just as good as it was before. She opened her eyes and saw Peeta's gentle and amused smile when she reached over to grab another bun. She gave him a shy smile in return, but Peeta swore he saw her usually-glassy eyes twinkle with joy. A joy that hasn't been present in her being for a long time. She was getting better. o-~-~-~-~-o In the days that came after that, it became a routine: Peeta would come over to Katniss's house with bread to go with Sae's meals, Sae would leave so that the two could spend some time together, and they would eat silently before Peeta got up to leave after helping her wash the dishes. It was tense, awkward, clipped, polite; Katniss felt uncomfortable with the tension in the air, but it was enough for the both of them for the time being. But some mornings, Peeta did not come. He didn't come at all. One of those days, Katniss waited until Sae came, and the older woman told her that Peeta would not be able to come that day. After half-heartedly eating her breakfast, Katniss got up and crossed the street, her knuckles connecting with the front door of Peeta's house in short and quick raps. However, once she pushed the door more from her knocking, she found that his door was slightly ajar. "Peeta? Peeta ... Where are you?" she called out, yet being extra wary, since she knew that something was definitely wrong. Katniss slowly went around the house, searching through each room and racked her brain for any of his possible hiding spots. Soon, she found a light wafting in from the kitchen. Maybe he's baking... The scene that greeted her shocked her. Trays upon trays of cooling pastries, warm breads with swirls of fruit and chocolate, and savory rolls covered every surface imaginable. In the midst of it all was Peeta, who looked like a mess. His hair stood up in uneven lengths and levels, his eyes were bloodshot, and he was rocking back and forth with his arms tightly wrapped around his legs. Tears stained his face, which was shriveled in pain, fear, and confusion. Beside him was a burnt batch of cheese buns. What is happening? Perhaps a relapse? A flashback? Of course. Katniss couldn't help but to cry with him and to blame herself for causing him such misery. Her strong, happy, hopeful Peeta was now reduced to a sobbing, vulnerable, damaged young boy. It tugged hard at her heartstrings as she saw him so lost. So broken . "Peeta?" She drew nearer to him, but as soon as she came within arms' reach, he frantically pushed himself as far away from her as he could. "I think... I think it would be best if you leave right now, Katniss." Katniss recoiled from him as if she was burnt. "N-no... don't be scared... it's just that..." he stammered, desperation seeping into his voice. He rose to meet her but stopped at a safe distance, eyes wild and frightened. "I-I just think that if you stare at me like that, I'm gonna hurt you." "No, you can't- you won't ... I-" " No! I couldn't control myself. You don't want to be hurt, do you?" he asked in a soft voice, like a little child. His hands were shaking slightly, fidgeting nervously with the hem of his shirt. Katniss felt a bit of fear strike her heart, but she instantly shut that part of her down. No. He would never bring himself to hurt her; she knew that. She stepped closer to him, carefully gauging his reaction. "Peeta..." There were more tears in his eyes now, and he was panicking. "N-no... Katniss, please , I don't want to-" "Shh..." she soothed, slowly bringing her hands up to take his face in her palms. He jerked away quickly when her small, cold hands came in contact with his cheeks. "It's alright. You won't hurt me," she said gently, murmuring soothing words over and over. She just got Peeta back; she couldn't lose him again. He hesitated at first, but soon his hands