Summary: When Elrond and Gandalf find that Sauron's forces are gathering in the Misty Mountains and Rhovanion, they send two unlikely companions—Legolas and Aragorn—on a scouting mission. But when Legolas and Aragorn underestimate the enemy, they are captured and must suffer imprisonment in the dark depths of the mountains, and they know not what evils will befall them… Disclaimer: Well, we do technically own Lord of the Rings because we own the books…but, if you wanna get all TECHNICAL…we don't, ok? Chapter 1: Misunderstandings The sun rose silently over Rivendell. Elrond stood in the pavilion, and Gandalf the Grey rode up after his long journey. "What have you found?" the elf asked. "What I have found confuses me. Sauron's forces have made progress, as we suspected. But what their goal is, I do not know." The wizard looked up to the balcony. Elrond turned and saw nothing. "Who was it?" The wizard smiled. "It was Aragorn. He is coming down. I must speak with him." Gandalf looked to Elrond again. "Thranduil's messenger should arrive around midday." Then he went to meet with Aragorn. ~~~~~~ Legolas urged his horse to go faster. He had been riding for three days now and was near to Imladris. Gandalf and Lord Elrond had asked Thranduil if he would send an elf to help them scout. Everyone knew Mirkwood elves were the best trackers in Middle-earth. He hoped to be at Imladris by at least midday. He wondered what had happened to make two of the most powerful people in Middle-earth call a meeting… "Noro lim, Alagos, Noro lim!" ~~~~~~ "It's wonderful to see you, Gandalf!" greeted Aragorn. "And you too! I only wish our meeting was in a happier hour." Aragorn looked suspiciously at Gandalf. "I am only confused as to why you have come. You have been speaking with Lord Elrond and I can see that you are troubled. Elrond has asked Elladan and Elrohir to be at a meeting today, and that there will also be a messenger there from Thranduil of Mirkwood. I was not asked to be there." Gandalf was unsure of what to say. "I am sorry, Aragorn. Elrond has sent word to Thranduil because there is an important task to be done. I do not know why he has not asked you to be present at today's meeting." "I suppose Lord Elrond does not deem me worthy to enough to carry out this task," said Aragorn. "Elrond loves you as a son. I do not think that he has done this because he does not trust you." "I have proven my worth in battle," he answered in a bitter tone. "I know of my true lineage. I am no longer a child, at least not by the standards of my own people." At that moment Elrond passed by, and acknowledged the two with a nod of his head. Aragorn's gaze followed him until he disappeared into the main hall. "He has said that he counts me as an equal among his sons. Yet I see that he would sooner put his trust in any elf than in me." With that, Aragorn left, leaving Gandalf alone in the pavilion. ~~~~~~ "My Lord Elrond, you have a visitor," reported Elrond's chief advisor. Elrond turned to look at him. "It must be Thranduil's messenger. Where is he?" "Just outside, waiting for you in the courtyard." Elrond nodded. He made his way out to the courtyard. A young elf clad in green stood there, grooming his horse. "Legolas!" said Elrond, surprised. "I did not expect Thranduil to send his own son!" Legolas smiled and bowed. "I am always willing to come to Rivendell and do whatever you ask of me, my lord." "The meeting will take place after luncheon. I apologize you do not have much time to rest, but this is urgent. I will have a servant take you to your room if you wish, but I daresay you know your way." "Ceru u fuio nia ha, Brannon Elrond." "Very well, I apologize once again for the lack of hospitality. I have to tell you, I was surprised your father sent his only son…" Legolas' face showed no emotion and he gave no reply other than, "Hannen le, my lord. I will take my leave now. I do not wish to keep you from important matters." "Yes, of course," said the Lord of Imladris. Legolas bowed again and turned to a different path. When he arrived at his room he sighed and put his pack on the floor. It was a large room near the twins' rooms. It had an overview of the valley and was very bright. He washed up and slipped on clean clothes. He brushed his hair and re-braided it. Then he opened his door and headed to the dining room to meet with Elrond. He arrived and saw Lord Elrond, Gandalf, and Elladan and Elrohir. Their faces were grim. Legolas sat down quietly. "Legolas," said Gandalf. "We have reason to believe Sauron is coming back into power." "What?" exclaimed Legolas. "We have found parties of Orcs and Goblins around the Misty Mountains and Rhovanion. We-" "Rhovanion? When was this discovered? I planned to send these three to the Misty Mountains. I need at least two scouts for both places!" said Elrond. "Elladan and I can go to Rhovanion," said Elrohir. "I'll need someone to go to the Misty Mountains." Elrond said worriedly. "I will go, my lord, if you will send me." Legolas offered. Gandalf turned to him. "Legolas, this is a dangerous mission. I would not send you alone." Legolas looked from him to Elrond. "Who, then, will you send with me?" inquired Legolas. "No!" Elrond attempted to avoid the wizard's gaze. "Elrond…" "No! He's too young. He's not ready." "Elrond…" Elrond sighed. "Bring him in." Elrohir stood up. "I'll get him, Ada." He stepped away and opened the door. Elrohir stepped out the door and almost ran into Aragorn. "Estel! What are you doing here?" "I was…" Aragorn fell silent. "Don't tell me you were eavesdropping!" "Nay! I was…" "You were!" Aragorn winced. "Don't tell Ada." Elrohir laughed. "I won't. I would have done the same. Now come, we must wait for a few minutes before we go back inside." Aragorn looked relieved. They waited for ten minutes before returning. "Legolas," said Elrond, "This is Estel. He will be your companion to the Misty Mountains." Legolas looked the man up and down. He gave Gandalf a look. For awhile, all was silent. Finally Gandalf broke the uneasy silence. "Well," he said. "I suppose that concludes this meeting. You leave tomorrow at daybreak. Aragorn, come with me. I will tell you about what we have been discussing." Elrohir gave Aragorn a sly look. Then Gandalf left with him. Immediately, Legolas turned to Elrond. "You expect me to travel with HIM?!" "He is a man of noble lineage!" "That does not make any less treacherous!" "Legolas, give him a chance! Contrary to what your father may have taught you, not all men are bad. Just give him a chance…" "I will, Lord Elrond…but I cannot promise you anything." Legolas replied slowly. "Thank you," replied Elrond. "I suppose that's all I can ask." Legolas stood up. "I take my leave. I must prepare." He left the room. As he left he began to look for Gandalf. He knew he was speaking with the human. He wished to find out the exact situation. He was just about to give up twenty minutes later when he turned a corner and nearly ran into Estel. He merely nodded to him, and was about to leave but Estel stopped him. "Legolas…" "Yes?" "If you are looking for Gandalf, he is up in his quarters." "What if Gandalf is not the one I seek?" Legolas' voice was defiant. Aragorn's eyes flashed angrily, yet he kept his voice steady. "I know that he is." Legolas said nothing. He merely fixed his gaze on Aragorn. Then he finally spoke. "No man can know what I think." "I am not inferior to you, Legolas!" Aragorn retorted angrily. "I saw from the moment we were introduced that you thought of me in that way. But now, I am your companion, therefore your equal. You will not treat me as someone inferior." Legolas narrowed his eyes. He could hardly control his rage. "I am the son of Thranduil, King of Mirkwood. Who are you to speak to me in such a manner?" "Ask that of Gandalf." Aragorn said. Then he left. ~~~~~~ Legolas stood alone in the hall silently seething. How dare the human speak to me in such a manner! And what did he mean anyway? "Ask that of Gandalf"? He began to walk, not caring where he was going. He did not like the idea of anyone knowing what he was thinking; especially a human. He slightly toyed with the idea of abdicating the mission. However, he quickly threw that idea away. He would not disappoint Gandalf or Lord Elrond. In fact, he already felt slightly ashamed of himself. He had let his stubborn streak rise to the surface, and his pride got in the way. He supposed he would apologize to the human; yes, perhaps he might. In the meantime, however, he realized he was in front of Gandalf's room. He knocked lightly and awaited the answer. After waiting for what seemed like far too long, he opened the door. Gandalf was in a deep sleep. Legolas needed to speak with him, but to wake him seemed a terrible thing to do. He took a step forward, then turned to leave. Suddenly, he heard a groan and saw Gandalf getting up. "Yes, Legolas?" "Mithrandir, I am so sorry! I did not mean to wake you." The wizard laughed. "It is all right, my dear elf. What troubles you?" Legolas went and sat down next to him. How did Gandalf know that he was troubled? Valar, everyone knew what he was thinking these days. "Well? Legolas?" "I am confused about the human, Estel. We have spoken, and not it seems that neither of us is looking forward to being companions. Tell me, what is his true name? I do not think it is Estel." Gandalf raised his eyebrows. "No. No, perhaps not. But neither is it my place to tell you. All I will say for now is he is no mere ranger, and it would do you well to remember that. I think your journey may pass much easier It would also do you well to keep your patience and give him a chance, eh? Now if you don't mind, I'll be getting back to my nap and I suggest you do the same, princeling. You have to get up quite early tomorrow. Legolas nearly rolled his eyes. "Early? Nay, not early in my father's home. I am practically sleeping in!" "Yes, well, all the same. I have a feeling you won't be getting much sleep." Legolas looked at him suspiciously, then took his leave. He went down to dine with the Elves. During the meal, he looked around for Estel but found him not. Well, he could apologize the next morning. After eating, he went upstairs to his quarters and fell into a troubled sleep. ~~~~~~ The next morning, Aragorn awoke early and knelt before his mother's grave. He looked into the eyes of the stone statue, and asked silently for her blessings, as he always did before his journeys. Aragorn felt a gentle hand on his shoulder. He turned, and saw Arwen Undómiel, daughter of Elrond. He stood and took her hands in his. They stood silently, enveloped in a simple moment of love and trust. Then Arwen kissed Aragorn lightly on the cheek and left him alone. He watched her leave. Suddenly, Aragorn was aware of another presence in the garden. He turned around, but saw no one there. He shook his head, bewildered, and turned back around. He barely held back