This is my first fanfic, so reviews are very much accepted. This story was inspired by A Pyrrhic Victory By: InfinitePanicAttacks33. I hope you enjoy: PROLOGUE: Part 1 The doorbell ringed at the Jackson's apartment in upstate New York. Sally Jackson, at age 31, was an aspiring writer. She was a stay at home mom with her son. She glanced at her one month old Perseus Jackson who was sleeping away in his baby chair next to the couch in the living room. She smiled at him. She got up from her chair at the kitchen table and walked to the door. When she opened it she found a man. He wore a sailor's uniform. Sally noticed the cuffs and the shoulders of his jacket. 3 stripes. She recognized him as first mate of, Poseidon, her husband. She remembered him from the photos Poseidon would bring home to show her his adventures and his crew. The man had short military cut hair. His stance showed he was disciplined. A retired Marine maybe? His face was grim. He had bags under his eyes as if he hadn't slept in weeks, and if he did not much. He held a letter in his hand, that was neatly folded. "May I help you, Triton?" "Mam, I have news of your husband and his ship. Are you willing to listen?" "Of course." He took off his hat and then stepped into the room. She guided him to the kitchen Triton walked in and scanned the room. The kitchen had a simple wooden table and 4 matching seats around it. Sally offered him a seat at the table. "Thank You." He said. She sat in the chair opposite of him. She motioned at him to start. "Mam, your husband is DIA." "Meaning?" She knew what DIA meant she just didn't know for sure. "Died in action." Sally looked down at her lap. "I can tell you his story, but I need your approval." He heard her whisper he heard, "Please." "Mam, about a week and a half ago while I was with your husband on the Argo delivering some cargo from the UK, we came across a storm, a very large one at that. The storm struck our ship and…" He faltered and continued. "The storm made our ship start to sink. When we started to load onto the life boats on the ship, your husband made it so that as many of the crew members were on the boats. There wasn't enough room on the life boats for him and a few other crew members. But before we could object to them staying on the ship he cut the line." He paused, and noticed that Sally's hand was covered over her mouth and her eyes tearing. "Do you wish for me to continue?" He started to feel the guilt pang at his chest. He barely heard her whisper from under her hands, "Yes." "He cut the line and we fell into the sea. The current swept us away. As we tried to find the ship in the storm and rain. We saw it sink slowly into the water." He had a sudden interest in the floor under his feet. He felt the grief wash over him. He couldn't bring himself to look into her eyes. He felt her hand on his. "Triton, I appreciate you coming here to tell me this. You did the right thing." He heard her sniffle. "we both know you couldn't do anything about. I loved Poseidon for his loyalty to his crew, friends, and family, but at the same time I hated him for it." He finally found the courage to look up. Her eyes were filling with tears. She smiled a sad smile at him. He wondered why she wasn't angry or furious at him. As if reading his mind, she said, "I'm no angry at you or Poseidon. But I am sad that I never touch him again or see his smile again, or that Percy will grow up without a father to look up to." Triton nodded sadly. He stood up. "I'm very sorry for your loss, Ms. Jackson." He quietly said. He placed the official DIA letter on the table. The DIA letter was given to the closest family member to him. He slowly walked to the door. He opened her door, but before he shut the door he said, "Thank you for your time." The door shut. Sally Jackson sat there. She felt the tears roll down her cheeks. Poseidon, what have you done? A week Later: The phone rang. Most of the phone calls Sally Jackson received now were mainly about life insurance or friends telling her they are sorry for her loss. It rang again. Sally sat her kitchen table in the same seat she did a week ago. Her head was laying on her arms on the table. The phone rang again. She was tempted to pick it up and put it back down. Then she thought , I should at least know who's calling. Sally looked at the number. Unknown number. Out of her own curiosity she picked up the phone. "Hello?" "Hello? Who is this?" The person replied. The voice was male. "Sally Jackson." "Wife of Poseidon?" "Yes." "Hello. My name is Chiron. I was a good friend of Poseidon." He waited for her reply but it never came. "I was wondering if you knew who his father was?" "A man named Kronos. Why?" "Did Poseidon ever tell you why he never talked about his father or family?" "He said he lost contact with his father a long time ago, and he said his and his brothers were never close." "Whatever he told you is a lie." He claimed. She didn't respond to him. He pushed on. "Poseidon wanted to hide from his destiny. He never wanted you to know." "About what?" "The Truth. The truth of the world what is really in it what happens behind one's back. You see, my dear, is that Poseidon was the descendant of Kronos. Kronos was a power hungry human, and sought ways to gained power, whether it was physical power of financial power. He sought to the shadows. The shadows gave him the power to rule. And soon it consumed him. The people around him saw him as a kind man. But, to his children he was cruel. His three children Zeus, Poseidon, and Hades took him from his pedestal. They did not kill him, but they damaged him greatly. It was told that a decedent of Kronos would either save or destroy the world. There are only five children known to be alive from these men. One being your son. Now, you must think of me as crazy or my rockers," He chuckled and then went back to being serious in a matter of seconds. "But do not take this lightly. The four children I have seen did not inherit the power of Kronos. However, I have not seen your child. I will let you raise Perseus; he is your son. Kronos wants revenge, but he doesn't know of Perseus. Hide him. Smell will send him of course. Heed my warning, Ms. Jackson. I will not bother you or your family unless you see fit." The phone went slack. So this is the first chapter of Unknown Shadow Hunter. Again I apologize for the really crappy summary. And Please review. Thanks. PROLOGUE part 2: Percy My day started like this. Tt's close to the end of 5th Grade. Most kids my age would love to spend time with their family and go on vacations. Not me. The entire summer I have to live with Smelly Gabe. Calling him "Smelly Gabe" is the nice way of putting him. He beats me and my mon if we don't do things his way. I don't see why mom puts up with this guy. When I first met him when I was 3 (or I think I was 3 anyway) he was so nice he gave mom gifts and flowers I thought he was so cool. But, soon after I learned it was just a façade. He drinks all the time and never cleans himself, he smells awful. When Mom had to go to work at her job I made a deal with my step dad if mom or me does something wrong he won't take it out on her, but me. My mom doesn't know of our agreement, and she thinks are starting to get better NOT! I know I brought this on myself, but I just need something to make it better. I sat up in my bed and rolled over. I fell of the bed and hit my head on something hard. It was Gabe's "Study." My room has his stuff in it. He told me whatever he bought is his. Since, he bought the apartment my room is his. Me casa is Su casa. When I made my way to the kitchen, there was a plate of blue pancakes. I walked over to them. There was a note on a blue sticky note it said, "Love you Percy I'll be home this afternoon." I smiled she was one of the reasons I didn't want to leave this stupid dump of mine. I ate my blue pancakes and savored them as much as I could. I looked at the time. 6:27 a.m. I walked into my room threw on some clothes that didn't smell like coke. I put my shoes on, brushed my teeth, tried to make my hair flat, and other stuff you do in the morning that I don't want to name. I grabbed my school stuff. 6: 44. The bus comes around 7ish. I was early, I smiled inwardly. Another bonus I did this while Gabe was asleep in the other room. I didn't want to get caught by him so I rushed out the door. I waited at the bus stop for about 10 minutes which felt like forever since I have ADHD. When the bus finally came, I got on and walked to the back. Since, I was in the 5th Grade I get to sit in the back with a few of my friends. Grover, Juniper, Annabeth, Leo, and Piper. I usually sit next to Grover, across from us is Annabeth next to Piper, and Juniper behind Grover who is across the aisle from Leo. The bus driver won't let us sit with the opposite gender, which I think is stupid considering we are only in elementary school! Once I sat down Grover said, "Sup Perce." "Hey, g - man." The school day went on as usual. Math, English, Lunch, History, science, P.E. until recess at the end of the day. We went outside, the sun was warm but the breeze that came with it was the opposite. I was in the middle of trying to catch Annabeth, I hated that since Annabeth was always more active than me she had the upper hand. Mr. Thorn, our principal, came out. "Percy Jackson! Come here, please." I walked over to the principal, and I saw Ms. Dodd's Face. From the look of it I was either in trouble or somebody found out about my home life. Mr. Thorn leaned down and asked, "Do you mind if you come to my office with me?" "No." He nodded then started to walk me into the building. "Percy's in Trouble!" I heard someone behind me shout. I didn't look back to see who it was. Then I heard Ms. Dodd's say, "Hush yourself." As we were walking down the hall there was a complete and total awkward silence between us. When we reached his office he, shut the door behind me and sat down, while motioning for me to do the same. "Percy, your mother she's been in an accident." This caught my attention. "Meaning?" "A few minutes ago we received a call from the police department. They said