Harry Potter: World at War Chapter 1: The Ministry Gambit: Pt. 1 It was two o'clock when the fifth-years entered the Great Hall for the last of the O.W.L. Exams. Harry took his place in front of the face-down test paper and sighed. He was exhausted from the rigors of testing, he just wanted this to all be over so he could go and sleep; then tomorrow, he and Ron were going to go down to the Pitch—he wanted a fly on Ron's broom, and he wanted to savor his freedom from the revision of all his course work. "Turn over your papers." Professor Marchbanks called from the front of the Hall as she turned over the hour-glass. "You have one hour, and your time starts. . . now." Harry was finding it very difficult to remember names and kept confusing dates. He simply skipped question four (In your opinion, did wand legislation contribute to, or lead to better control of, goblin riots of the eighteenth century?), thinking that he would go back to it if he had time at the end. He had a stab at question five (How was the Statute of Secrecy breached in 1749 and what measures were introduced to prevent a recurrence?) but had a nagging suspicion that he had missed several important points; he had a feeling vampires had come into the story somewhere. All around Harry quills were scratching on parchment like scurrying, burrowing rats. The sun was very hot on the back of his head. He closed his eyes and buried his face in his hands, so that the glowing red of his eyelids grew dark and cool. Vampires. How had vampires been involved? Harry sat, his face in his hands, while all around him quills scratched out never-ending answers and the sand trickled through the hourglass at the front. . . He was walking along the cool, dark corridor to the Department of Mysteries again, walking with a firm and purposeful tread, breaking occasionally into a run, determined to reach his destination at last. . . the black door swung open for him as usual, and here he was in the circular room with its many doors… Straight across the stone floor and through the second door. . . patches of dancing light on the walls and floor and that odd mechanical clicking, but no time to explore, he must hurry… He slowly walked the last few feet to the third door, which swung open just like the others… Once again he was in the cathedral-sized room full of shelves and glass spheres. . . his heart was beating very fast now. . . he was going to get there this time. . . when he reached number ninety-seven he turned left and hurried along the aisle between two rows… But there was a shape on the floor at the very end, a black shape moving on the floor like a wounded animal. . . Harry's stomach contracted with fear… with excitement… A voice issued from his mouth, a high, cold voice empty of any human kindness… " Take it for me. . . lift it down, now. . . I cannot touch it. . . but you can. . . If only you'd stop hiding in the shape of that infernal mutt." The black shape on the floor shifted a little. Harry saw a long-fingered white hand clutching a wand rise at the end of his own arm. . . heard the high, cold voice say " Crucio !" The shape on the floor let out a yelp of pain, attempted to stand onto its four legs, but fell back, writhing. Harry was laughing. He raised his wand, the curse lifted and the figure groaned and became motionless. " Lord Voldemort is waiting…" Very slowly, the shape of the dog morphed into an inhumanly gaunt man. His face was bloodstained, and his clothes torn. He was still trembling from the after effects of the Dark Lord's curse. Tortuously, the man raised his head and spat on the Dark Lord, his face twisted in horrific pain, yet rigid with his unwavering defiance. " You'll have to kill me," Sirius Black whispered. "And if you do that. . . You'll lose your best chance at getting that prophecy." " Oh you are right about that Black. In the end you shall die." The high cold voice agreed. "But first, you will fetch it for me. After all, isn't that what mongrels like you love to do? Don't worry if you don't, we've got hours and hours ahead of us. Nobody is scheduled to come back to the Department of Mysteries until tomorrow morning. Nobody will even hear your sweet, sweet, screams." Sirius twisted on the floor, somehow rising to his feet. "My screams won't be the only ones echoing in this chamber!" Sirius slid into his dog form and leapt for Harry's throat. He simply sidestepped the lunge, and swung a whip of fire from his wand. The lash struck Sirius's hindquarters and he yelped in pain, as he fell to the ground, returning to his human form. " You fool!" Harry shouted, lashing out with his whip. "You dare attempt to harm me; I who have taken steps further than any other down the road to immortality?" The lash of flame carved into Sirius, opening up wounds all over his body, running together into a puddle of blood. " I'd love to let you bleed out mongrel, but we do have a date to keep." Harry snarled. He waved his wand, and slowly the wounds closed up, stitching together, and healing with nary a scar. " You do seem to respond well to my healing spells mutt." Harry said, his lips twisting into a cruel smile. "That just means I can be creative ." Somebody screamed as Voldemort lowered his wand again; somebody yelled and fell sideways off a hot desk on to the cold stone floor; Harry awoke as he hit the ground, still yelling, his scar on fire, as the Great Hall erupted all around him. Everyone had got up out of their desks and backed away against a far wall except for Hermione, Ron, and surprisingly Neville, who all rushed over to help their friend. "Harry what happened, are you alright?" Hermione asked frantically. Harry hissed and clutched at his scar, as Neville and Ron each grabbed an arm and hauled him to his feet. "Yeah I think so, scar really burns though." Harry spat through clenched teeth, as he gingerly steadied himself. Umbridge burst into the room, a fearful Marietta Edgecombe at her shoulder. "Ms. Edgecombe informed me that there was a disturbance in the testing room. What is the meaning of this Mr. Potter?" Her sickly voice asked. "Nothing." Harry replied. "Just a headache." On the other side of the room, Malfoy threw his hand up in the air with a smirk before chiming in. "Excuse me professor, Potter fell out of his chair screaming and clutching his head. I think it was supposed to be a signal that the Gryffindors created to trade answers." "Thank you Mr. Malfoy that will be enough for now." Umbridge said happily. "Thanks to you Mr. Potter, that will be a hundred points from Gryffindor for each student in the room, ten of you in total." She added eagerly, totaling it up. "As for you, Mr. Potter you personally will fail your History O.W.L. for speaking during a silent examination. You may leave the room now." "You can't do that." Ron screamed at her, nearly spitting with rage. "I assure you I can Mr. Weasley, you have a night's detention, and unless you'd like to fail your O.W.L as well, sit down and return to your exam. That goes for you as well Ms. Granger. There will be no more interruptions." Umbridge declared. She walked to the door before turning around. "Oh, and Mr. Potter, every second after I leave that you are still in this room will be considered another attempt to cheat by Gryffindor, costing your house a further hundred points." Harry scampered out, unable to believe that he'd cost Gryffindor a thousand points in seconds. Stunned, he sat in the hallway, barely acknowledging the passage of time, even the constant nagging burn of his scar was ignored as he stared blankly at the wall. Soon, the exam finished, and everybody trickled past him in hushed silence. "What happened in there Harry?" Neville's quiet voice snapped him out of his reverie. "Si—" Harry's voice trailed off as he realized Neville didn't know of Sirius' innocence. "A friend of mine must've gotten caught by Death Eaters or something. Voldemort had him in the Department of Mysteries, he was being tortured, he was resisting, but I don't know how long he can last." "How do you know?" Neville asked. "You just screamed out in the middle of the exam." "I saw flashes of it, like I did with Mr. Weasley." Harry explained. "Sometimes I can see what Voldemort can if he's emotional enough." "Who was it?" Hermione asked worriedly. "It was Snuffles." Harry whispered. Hermione bent down and pulled Harry into a hug. "Oh Harry," She murmured. "I'm sorry." Harry numbly wrapped his arms around her in return. "I know where he is." He said after a moment. "We can go get him." "Get who?" A new voice demanded. Harry looked up through his tear-streaked glasses and saw a mane of red hair atop a face of little red dots: Ginny. "You-Know-You has captured Snuffles." Ron told her. "Harry wants us to go get him." "What?" Ginny screamed, turning to Harry. She put her hands on her hips, every inch the daughter of Molly Weasley. "You're going to get yourself killed if you go after him. If he was captured by You-Know-Who, he's dead!" "Ginny." Hermione said warningly, pulling herself from Harry's embrace and rising to her feet. "Don't 'Ginny' me!" The younger witch howled. "I am not trying to get my family killed on a suicidal rescue mission. My dad was nearly killed because Dumbledore wanted him to protect some damned door to the Department of Mysteries! If he crossed wands with You-Know-Who, Sirius is gone. " "Sirius?" Neville asked slowly. "As in Sirius Black, I thought he betrayed your parents Harry?" "No." Harry said quietly. "It was someone else, but he pinned the blame on Sirius." He slowly got to his feet, and continued in a much stronger voice. "Stay here if you'd like Ginny, you certainly have every right to, but Sirius risked his life to help me last year, and in third year. I can't leave him in the heart of the Ministry to be tortured and eventually killed. This is just like last time, if I could save your dad, then I have to at least try to save Sirius. He's all the family I've got left." "No he's not." Neville said suddenly. "We're Godbrothers. It's family of a sort." At Harry's blank stare he continued. "My mum's your Godmother, and vice versa. It's legally considered family; your heirs stand to inherit the Longbottom name if I don't produce any of my own." "Really?" Harry said in wonder. "I have a brother. . ." "Sorry that I never told you before." Neville said sheepishly. "Gran only told me about it over the Christmas Hols, and I didn't want to bother you with everything else this year." Abruptly his face hardened. "We are family, and if you say Sirius Black is innocent, I believe you. I'll come with you to rescue him, like the Potters and Longbottoms of old." "I'm your family too." Hermione said, squeezing his hand in hers. "And I'll come with you to get your Godfather." Harry turned to face Ron and Ginny. "You always said we were family Ron." Harry pleaded. "Prove it to me now, when I need you the most." He locked eyes with his ginger-haired friend, and then sagged