Author's Note: This is a Sirius/Hermione/Remus triad with werewolf bonding for SableUnstable . Massive love to chiseplushie for beta services rendered :) Alpha thanks go to ShayaLonnie . Trigger Warning: Attempted Non-con. I've tried not to be too graphic here, but this first chapter is rough. There is attempted rape, and the aftermath. There is also a bit of gore. PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE if you even THINK this might trigger you, don't read. I'll give a short re-cap in the A/N for chapter 2, so reading this one isn't necessary. Also, the only Non-con in this story is in this chapter. Thanks, Worthfull1 P.S. I own nothing, anything recognizable belongs to the lovely Ms. Rowling. For Sable… Twice Claimed Chapter 1: Greyback Easter Holidays, 1998 Malfoy Manor Hermione screamed again as the blade cut into her flesh. Every molecule in her body ached and she had never felt as exhausted in her life, including the weeks she spent re-learning how to breathe after the Department of Mysteries. At the time, she'd thought that was the hardest thing she'd ever have to do. If she'd only known that less than two years later she'd be spread out on the floor of Malfoy Manor, pinned under Bellatrix Lestrange and having a cursed blade slice into her arm while she watched Fenrir Greyback circle them, teeth bared and eyes glowing… Suddenly an explosion sounded somewhere in the Manor and Bellatrix's head snapped up. "We need to leave, Bella," Lucius said. "You've had your fun." Bellatrix laughed quietly. "It has been fun, hasn't it, my lovely little Mudblood?" she asked Hermione. "Pity we don't have more time. I could have shown you what real pain is." She lifted herself off Hermione and stood as the sounds of battle grew closer. Hermione could hear the crackle of magic as hexes were thrown, and the shouts and crashes as targets were hit. Her relief was short-lived, however, when Bellatrix smiled down at her. "Fenrir," she called. "If you can be quick about it, you can have a treat." An excited growl reached her ears and Hermione couldn't help her whimper. There would be no fighting him off. She was too drained. Between the pain and nerve damage of the Cruciatus and whatever Dark magic Bellatrix's knife was permeated with, Hermione was completely incapable of putting up even a token resistance against the feral wolf. Her only hope was that the Order fought their way into the room before he had his way with her. Bellatrix moved away from her and the space was quickly filled with the hulking mass of Fenrir Greyback. Tall and impossibly broad, Fenrir embodied every single stereotype the magical world liked to believe about his kind. Scars littered most of the skin Hermione could see, his hair and beard told her he didn't bother grooming himself, and his teeth and eyes were yellow. He truly was more animal than man, as she was to see close-up when he dropped to all-fours on top of her. Hermione would have recoiled from the sight and stench of him, but there was nowhere to recoil to . "No," she whispered. "No no no…" "Oh, yes," Fenrir breathed, his hot breath washing over her and making her stomach turn. "It's been a long time since I've had something so… ," he sniffed at her, " fresh ." He grinned. "This really is a treat." " Nooo ," Hermione whined again, bringing her fists up to hit at him and push at his shoulders. He batted her hands away easily. As weak as she was, he might as well have been shooing a fly. Fenrir laughed, pinning her wrists above her head with one hand as the other moved down her body. "Still got a bit of fight left in you, girl? I like that. But it's not going to be enough… " A piercing scream from above shook Remus and Sirius out of their stupor. Dobby had apparated them into the Manor's dungeon just in time to watch Peter take his last, gasping breath as the silver hand tightened once more around his throat, and the two men didn't know what to think or feel as they watched justice finally be done. "Hermione," Ron said, anguished. He pushed past the Marauders, Harry hot on his heels. "Bellatrix has got her!" "Ron, wait!" Remus called. "Harry!" The foursome fought their way up staircase after staircase, Sirius leading the way as he was the only one who knew the layout of the house, having spent many unhappy hours there as a boy. Panting, they finally reached the main hall, leaving the stunned or possibly dead bodies where they fell, collecting their wands but not even bothering to try and identify them. There wasn't time. Hermione screamed again. Sirius turned to Harry and Ron. "Boys, get out of here," he said, shaking his head at the protests that followed. "You know as well as I do that he's coming. You can't be found here. Dobby!" The elf appeared with a crack! "Take Harry and Ron wherever you took the others, then come back for us." "No!" "Sirius - " "Don't argue!" Sirius snapped. "We'll get her out. I swear it." "If you think - ," Ron began. "Ron, he's right!" Harry said, taking Dobby's hand. "You promised, Sirius." He eyed his godfather. "I'm holding you to it." Sirius nodded solemnly and looked at Ron. The redhead glared, but knew that if he didn't leave, then Harry wouldn't leave. He would just have to trust Sirius and Remus to rescue Hermione. It killed him to do it, but he took hold of Dobby's other hand and allowed the elf to apparate them out. Remus and Sirius rushed towards the source of the screams, which by now had morphed into wails and sobs. The two men exchanged a worried look. They knew whatever they found beyond the doors at the end of the hall would not be good, they just didn't know how not good. "Bombarda!" Sirius' spell sent the solid oak doors flying off their hinges and they rushed in only to stop dead in their tracks. There, in the middle of the floor, recognizable only by her hair, was Hermione. Her clothes were torn and bloody, her skin was torn and bloody, and Fenrir Greyback was kneeling between her legs, undoing his belt. The werewolf looked up and bared his teeth at the intruders. Remus' wand sliced through the air, sending him flying across the room and hitting the far wall with an audible thump! . Sirius rushed towards Hermione, leaving Remus to deal with Greyback. The witch's eyes were shut tight and she struck out at Sirius as he dropped to his knees beside her. "Hermione, love, it's me. It's Sirius," he said, shrugging his robe off and covering her up. "Open your eyes, kitten. Come on, look at me. Please," he begged, grabbing a flying fist and pressing a kiss to her bloodied knuckles. Honey-brown eyes blinked open at the gentle touch, widening when she recognized the wizard above her. The sobs intensified. Sirius tried to smile at her. "You're alright now, love," he promised. "I've got you. I'm going to get you out of here." Sirius tucked the robe around her and gathered her up, being as careful as possible as she whimpered and cringed. "I know, angel, I know. I'll get you cleaned up. But we've got to get out of here first, okay? We've already got Harry and Ron and the others out. Dobby!" he called, and Hermione blinked as the elf appeared. Remus stared down at Greyback, lying in a heap on the floor. The level of hatred he held for the creature before him was second only to his hatred of Peter, and now that Peter was no more… "Lupin." Fenrir snorted derisively at Remus. "You're not going to kill me, pup," he said confidently. "You haven't got the balls." Remus' lip curled. At one time, he may have been right. But not today. Remus raised his wand. "Sectumsempra," he growled, watching as invisible blades slashed across Greyback's body and blood poured from the wounds. He pointed his wand directly at Greyback's throat and repeated the curse, feeling a sick satisfaction as he watched the monster that ruined so many lives bleed out in front of him. A wet gurgling reached her ears, and Hermione's gaze was drawn away from the reassuring silver of Sirius' eyes. Looking past him, she saw Remus standing over the body of her would-be rapist as Fenrir's clawed fingers grabbed at his neck in a futile attempt to stem the flow. She gagged. "Hermione, look at me," Sirius said firmly. He gently cupped her chin, turning her face back to his. "There we are. Now, just keep looking at me. There's nothing over there that we need to pay attention to. Just keep your eyes on me, kitten. Dobby, are you ready?" "Yes, Sirius Black, sir!" the elf squeaked, trembling from head to toe. "Good. Remus, let's go!" Sirius called, lifting Hermione into his arms and standing. He glanced at Hermione to make sure she was still looking at him and moved to stand in a position that put her back to the bloody scene by the far wall. "Keep looking at me, kitten. I'm taking you out of here." Remus came to stand beside them, eyes still glowing a dark amber, and took Dobby's hand. The elf reached up and grabbed Sirius' elbow and made to turn into the apparition when Bellatrix suddenly flew into the room. She screamed in fury and threw something at the group, but Sirius couldn't see what it was before they were sucked into blackness. Salty sea air was the first thing Sirius was aware of. Hermione's gasp was the second. Her face was screwed up in pain, and she tucked her head into Sirius' neck as shouts rang out around them. "There she is!" "There! Over there!" "Oh, no… Dobby!" Dobby was hunched over, clutching at his stomach. He fell to his knees and Sirius saw that there was a silver knife sticking out of his abdomen. Harry reached the elf just as he collapsed and cradled his head. Dobby spoke a few words, and Harry answered, then his eyes closed and he went limp. "I'm sorry, Harry," said a blonde girl Sirius had seen in the dungeon. "Was he a friend of yours?" Harry nodded slowly. "Yes. Dobby was my friend." He looked up at Sirius and Remus. "Who did it?" he asked. "Bellatrix," Remus answered, and Hermione shuddered in Sirius' arms. "Did you kill her?" Remus shook his head. "No. I'm sorry, Harry. She threw it just as Dobby got us out. I didn't even know he'd been hit." "Merlin, what did they do to her?" Bill asked, nodding at Hermione as he walked up to them. "You don't want to know, Bill," Sirius said, eyeing Ron. Not only were his ears red, but his neck was flushed as well, and his hands were clenched into fists at his sides as he stared at the girl in Sirius' arms. "I don't think she should stay here," he said to Remus. Remus turned to him, his eyes back to their normal moss green. "Too many people?" Sirius nodded. "Yeah. She's going to need quiet and privacy." "She won't get much of that here," Bill admitted. "We go where she goes," Ron said, his voice quiet but strong. He meant it. "Grimmauld?" Remus asked. "We can redo the wards. Nobody's lived there in a while, so I'm sure nobody's watching the place." "We'll take care of the others," Bill said. "Ollivander and the kids, and Griphook. They can recuperate here." "That's settled, then," Sirius said. "I want to bury Dobby first," Harry cut in. "Bill, do you mind if I bury him here?" "No, of course not." "I'll come to Grimmauld after I'm done. I can't do anything for her