Author's Note: This is entirely ash-castle 's fault. Okay, so if Harry was born in July of 1980, that means Lily got pregnant sometime around October of 1979. We don't know exactly when Regulus died, but we know it was sometime in 1979, so if you squint a bit the dates could work. Thanks, Worthfull1 P.S. I own nothing, anything recognizable belongs to the lovely Ms. Rowling. A Relative Revelation Chapter 1: Whose Kid Is It, Anyway? July, 1995 12 Grimmauld Place "Pads, Molly's got lunch on the table," Remus said, leaning against the doorway to Regulus' old bedroom. Sirius didn't answer at first. He was staring at the letter in his hands, unable to believe the words on the parchment. Having finally bitten the bullet and started cleaning out his late brother's bedroom, he'd come across a small box stuffed full of letters. Expecting them to be from Regulus' Slytherin friends, Sirius had not given them much thought until he tossed the box on the bed and one envelope fell out, displaying a very familiar handwriting. "Sirius? You okay, mate?" Remus asked when the animagus gave no indication of having heard him. Sirius blinked, as though coming out of a stupor, and turned slowly towards Remus. "You - you've got to - to read these," he stammered quietly, sitting on the bed. The hand holding the letter began shaking. Remus frowned, but walked up to Sirius and picked up one of the letters scattered across the bed. "What is it?" "I - I'm not sure." Opening the letter he held, dated September of 1979, Remus' eyebrows shot up at the first line. ' My Darling Lily-love,' it began. The letter was signed by Regulus, but that didn't make any sense. As far as Remus was aware, Lily had barely known Regulus socially , much less intimately , and 'Darling Lily-love' was most certainly an intimate salutation. He read on. ' I know you hate it when I call you that, but perhaps you'll forgive me when I tell you I only do it so I can see you flush. That angry blush that travels from your pretty cheeks down your long, lovely throat and on towards those perfect breasts. I'm imagining it now…' "What the - ?" He looked at Sirius. "What the hell is this?" Sirius nodded, his face troubled. "I know," he said. "They're all like that." He held up the parchment in his hand. "This one's even worse. It's from her, and… and…" He shook his head. "I can't believe what I'm reading, Remus." "You're sure this is Regulus' writing?" Remus asked. "Dead sure? Without a doubt?" Sirius took a deep breath. "I'm positive," he said, his voice breaking. "That's… that's not all, though." Remus paused, midway through running a hand through his hair. Sirius held out his letter. "This one says… it says H-Harry may not be James'." " What?!" Remus snatched the parchment out of Sirius' hand. It was Lily's handwriting, so familiar it hurt just to see it, calling Regulus Reggie . Just to be sure, Remus brought the letter to his nose and inhaled. Even after fifteen years, Lily's scent still clung to the parchment. ' You asked me last night whose child I'm carrying, and you're right - I can't answer you. I don't know. And I don't want to. It doesn't matter. I will never leave James. Why should I? I can't be a part of what you're doing, and you can't protect me. At least I know the people James associates with aren't trying to kill me. I never intended to get pregnant so soon, but now that I am, the safety of my baby comes first. Above myself, and above you. I did love you, Reggie. I still do, but if you think I don't love James, you couldn't be more wrong. My love for him is as deep as my love for you was desperate. Merlin, how did I ever get myself in this mess? It doesn't matter now. It's over. Please forget about me and move on with your life. I am a Potter, I will remain a Potter, and my child will be a Potter. I'm sending back the letters you've written me. As much as it hurts me to do so, it would hurt me more if James were to find them, not to mention how much it would hurt him, but I don't have the heart to destroy them. Goodbye for the last time, Lily "Fucking hell," Remus muttered, sitting on the bed. He suddenly felt weak in the knees. Would the universe-shattering revelations ever end? Sirius stood and began to pace. "How could she?" he hissed, shock giving way to anger. "How could she cheat on James? With Reg ? Of all people!" While Sirius paced, muttering angrily and running frustrated hands through his hair, Remus went through the other letters. Apparently, Regulus hadn't had the heart to destroy them, either, and each piece of parchment added another layer to a story Remus had thought he knew. Hell, he'd been there for it. But, then again, he'd been there for Sirius and Peter's story as well. "Sirius," he said, interrupting the other man's unpleasant rumblings. "You realize what this means, don't you?" "That Lily was a lying, cheating slut?!" Remus scowled, but wasn't surprised. When Sirius was angry, he lashed out. He always came 'round eventually, but the first instinct when hurt was to hurt back. "You need to read these," Remus said. " All of them. Then you won't be so angry with her." "I doubt that," Sirius growled. "This was the woman I loved like a sister, James' wife, someone I would have gladly died for, and now I find out she was fucking Death Eaters?!" " A Death Eater, Sirius," Remus corrected. "And one who happened to be your brother. Are you telling me you wouldn't gladly have died for the woman who gave birth to your nephew?" Sirius stopped dead in his tracks as though that hadn't occurred to him yet. "If Harry is Regulus' son - and these letters suggest there's at least a fifty-fifty chance he is - then that means he is your nephew. Flesh and blood. That changes things." "It does not!" Sirius said, affronted. "I still love him! Maybe more, if that's even possible!" Remus shook his head. "I don't mean that, Sirius. I mean it changes things legally . You've been bitching and moaning forever about how much hold Dumbledore has on Harry even though you're his godfather. Well, being his uncle would change things. I'll have to look into it, I'm not well-versed on wizarding family law, but I can't help but think an actual blood tie - especially one to a family as old as the Blacks - would throw the quaffle to your side of the pitch." Sirius stood there, breathing hard, while that sunk in. "I don't want to tell him yet." "Harry?" "Dumbledore," Sirius said. "Harry's coming here soon, right? That's what the old man keeps saying? I can be good until he gets here, then we'll talk to Harry first and do a paternity test charm." "Without Dumbledore?" Sirius nodded. "Abso-fucking-lutely without Dumbledore," he snarled. "He keeps Harry in the dark about enough shit. If Harry is, in fact, my nephew, then he has the right to know, and he and I have the right to make our own decisions about things. Once I - once we - know what's going on, then we'll tell Dumbledore." August, 1995 12 Grimmauld Place "Harry, you got some time after supper?" Sirius asked as the residents of the house dug into another one of Molly's feasts. "Got some things I want to talk to you about." Harry nodded, a forkful of mashed potatoes halfway to his mouth. "Sure, Sirius. What kind of things?" Sirius winked conspiratorially. "Family business," he said, knowing that would whet the boy's appetite. Sure enough, Harry smiled - a rare occurrence what with his trial for underage use of magic coming up in just a few days. When the meal was over, Sirius guided Harry out of the kitchen, bestowing an innocent smile on a disapproving Molly, and led his godson-maybe-nephew into the formal dining room. He and Remus had cleaned a corner of the room earlier so they could have this conversation away from prying eyes and ears. Remus followed them in and erected wards to ensure privacy. Harry watched, frowning. "This is a bit of a delicate conversation, Harry," Sirius explained. "I know you kids have been trying to listen in on Order meetings and I won't put it past you lot to have succeeded." Harry looked down, embarrassed. "Sorry." "Don't be ridiculous," Sirius scoffed. "It's only natural to try and get in somewhere you've been told to stay out of. James and I did it all the time." Harry's face lit up at the mention of James, and Sirius tried once again to find the truth in the boy's features. He'd been watching Harry since the Order brought him to the house, but it was so hard to see one man or the other in Harry. Both James and Regulus had been slightly shorter than average with thick, jet-black hair. Harry's glasses made him resemble James, but the few times Sirius had seen him without them made it even harder to tell who his father really was. "Take a seat, Harry," Sirius said, sitting down himself and pulling out the magically shrunken box of letters and a book from his pocket and enlarging them to their proper size. He'd been carrying the letters around on his person at all times since he'd found them, not wanting them to fall into Molly's hands during her cleaning. " 101 Personal Charms ?" Harry asked, reading the cover of the book. "What's this for?" "We'll get to that in a second," Remus said, taking the third chair. "Harry," Sirius began, taking a deep breath and holding the box of letters in his hand. "First things first. I found this box recently while cleaning out my brother's old room. It's a box of letters. Specifically, love letters. Some are from your mother." Harry frowned. "Why would love letters from my Mum be in your brother's room?" Sirius swallowed. "Because… because they were written to my brother," he said, and Harry's eyes widened. "The other letters in here are addressed to her, written by him. It appears that Lily and Regulus were… were lovers." " What?!" Harry looked from Sirius to Remus and back again as though waiting for one of them to tell him they were joking. "You mean - she had an affair ? While married to Dad?" He looked horrified. "I'm afraid it goes a bit deeper than that, Harry," Remus said. "A lot deeper, actually. From what I read in these letters, Lily and Regulus were together for some time before she even started dating James." "In school?" "That's right." "And you didn't know?" Harry asked, incredulous. "None of you knew?" Sirius shook his head. "No, Harry. None of us knew." "You have to understand Harry," Remus said, "Lily and Regulus going out together publicly would have been much the same as Hermione going out with the Malfoy boy. Can you imagine the uproar that would cause? You've met Sirius' mother's portrait, you know how she felt about blood status." "Wait a minute," Harry said. "Are you saying that my Mum dated my Dad and your brother at the same time?" he asked Sirius. "No, I don't believe so, Harry," Sirius said. "From what Remus and I can piece together, once your mother started dating James, she broke it off with Reg, and they didn't reconnect until after Reg graduated and your mother married James." "So, what? She married Dad and then went back to your brother?!" Sirius shared a look with Remus. Harry's temper was about to get the better of him