Hello all! I am back! To celebrate, I've decided to start clean and make a new story (big surprise). All of the other stories I currently have not completed will eventually get finished/revamped/edited, mainly because I have a very hard time reading them without cringing. I hope that a year off honing in on my writing skills will help (I probably still suck). Without further ado, enjoy this ridiculously long first chapter. I'm not sure if I'll be able to make all of the chapters this long, but I'll try my hardest. Note: This is the 70th Hunger Games. Disclaimer: I do not own any characters that are not mine. O, how I long to manifest to what I was made for. Much like the songbird in the cage, I crave the freedom that was so harshly robbed from me. To take flight and spread my cheerful songs over the fields of death. I wrote the entry into my private journal, leaning back in my chair as a satisfied sigh escapes my lips. With an idle hand, I splay my fingers on the pale ivory skin of my neck, looking out at the window of my bedroom to the place I called home; District 1. Today was a day everyone in the 12 districts of Panem knew well; it was Reaping Day. A heavy cloak of darkness seemed to hang over everyone's heads today, as it does every year. I take a deep breath, trying not to let the panic that had built up in my chest blossom anymore. Panic and anxiety attacks were a regular occurrence for me, and the best thing I had learned to do was to just ride them out. I close my eyes for a moment, allowing nothing but darkness and silence to encompass me as I try my best to think optimistically. This year marked the fifth year that I was forced to enter the Hunger Games. My odds weren't terrible, as I hadn't taken tesserae. My family didn't really need the extra help, I was the only child, and my father was the mayor, so money wasn't too tight in my household. We still struggled, but not like some of the other families. Suddenly, the metallic tones of bells rang across the district. It was signaling the arrival of the Capitol entourage. I open my eyes and stand from my beloved wooden chair, pushing it to where it belongs under my desk. I hurriedly close my journal, storing it in one of the drawers of the desk. I was already dressed, as being ready and being on time was something I obsessed over. I look in the full length mirror I had in my room, raking my fingers through the long black tresses of my hair. I inspect my appearance carefully before nodding at myself in the mirror, accepting it. I slide on my shoes then head downstairs, to where my parents are. It was tradition that my mother put on the pearl necklace that was passed on throughout the generations as my father would tell me something to keep me calm. His wizened eyes twinkled as he smiled at me. "It'll just be like every other year, Jet. Your name won't be called and you'll come right back here. We'll have dinner ready and we can pray for the families who are chosen, but it won't be us," he said evenly, placing his hand on my shoulder as he nods, affirming his words. I nod in response, taking more deep breaths. My father always seemed to calm me down, with his charisma and diplomatic skills. After my mother had clasped the necklace, she walked in front of me, standing next to my father as she smiles, one full of love and compassion. "It'll be alright," she says quietly, more to herself than anyone, really. My mother always takes Reaping Day very hard. She detests the Hunger Games and the brutal slaughter of children that it promotes. As a family, we leave the house, my father striding slightly in front of my mother and me. I inherited a lot of my looks from him. We were both of tall, slender build with thick, dark hair, while my mother was shorter with sandy hair. The only thing we differed on was taste in food and our eye color, really. I obtained my light blue orbs from my mother and the taste in food from my maternal grandmother, apparently, but what can I say? I love comfort food. I break off from my parents as I go over to the station for 16-year-old-girls. They pluck my finger and harvest the blood from the wound, then whisk me away. I stand with the other girls, quietly, as per usual. Most people would step on me if I wasn't so tall, because my presence was easily ignored. Even though I was the mayor's daughter, not many paid attention to me, and if they did, they would probably be hostile with assumed jealously that my family and I were treated like citizens of the Capitol. That was far from the truth, of course. I was content with that, though. I would be quiet and no one would notice me. That was how I played my life. As the ceremony began my father walked up to the microphone, his presence immediately demanding everyone's attention. All chatter ceased as he made the speech he'd been reciting at the dinner table for weeks now. I zoned out, looking at everyone else around me. I was a very observant person, noting that everyone dressed in either purple or pink this year, seemingly. Interesting. My father finished his speech, retreating to his seat at the back of the stage. From there, the District 1 escort, Teris Wellshell made his way to the microphone, looking like a stick of blue cotton candy this year, with voluminous light blue hair and clothes, lips, and eyes to match. He delivered the same speech I had heard for the majority of my life. His words made goose bumps appear on my skin as I started to get anxious. What if I was picked this year? The thought ran rampant through my skull as my breathing started to increase and my heart rate revved up. Oh, great. After the speech, Teris cleared his throat dramatically as he made his way over to the giant fishbowl that held my name. Not that many times, but enough that there would always be a chance. Hell, this was the Hunger Games. The odds were never in our favor. "Ladies first," he announced pretentiously as he descended his hand into the bowl, fishing over slips of paper until he settled on one. He neatly plucked it from the mass of paper as he walked back over to the microphone, pausing as he let the audience build up even more anxiety. Could you just get on with it, please? I thought bitterly as I self-consciously tapped my foot. With one more clearing of the throat, he projected the name displayed on the piece of paper. "Jet Maisivitch!" The crowd was dead silent. I couldn't believe I had just heard my name. I shook my head, looking around at the people who were also looking around for this "Jet Maisivitch". I was desperately hoping that it was just my hysteria that had tricked me into believing he'd said my name, but as I watched two peace keepers making their ways over to me, I knew that it was indeed my name that he had said on that damnable piece of paper, so small and insignificant, yet it could ruin a family's life. Pulling off the most composure I can muster, I allow the peace keepers to escort me to the stage. My legs are wobbling as I make my way up the stairs to the stage. I desperately hope I'm not shaking as bad as it feels as I uneasily make my way over to Teris. With a fake smile plastered to his face, he welcomes me to stand next to him. I comply and stand stoic, looking out at the crowd. No one volunteers for me, of course. Why would they? I'm the quiet girl who barely even knows her own name. I'm going to die. Teris makes his way over to the other fishbowl, housing the names of the males aged 12 through 18 in District 1. He performs the same methodical rituals taken when he announced the female tribute. Making his way back to the microphone, he wastes no dramatics as he taps the microphone with a finger, gathering the already quiet crowd to pay even more attention. This man certainly had a flare for the performing arts. As clearly he could make it, he announced the male tribute. "Sheen Comman!" The crowd is silent once again as they wait for Sheen to make his appearance. I hazily recognize him as he emerges from the crowd. I believe I've seen him at school before, or perhaps from training. He was a year older than me, I think. He was a little on the short side with earthy brown hair styled similar to a pompadour. He looked confident and calm, at least calmer than I looked, I reckon. As he ascended the stairs, Teris greeted him with the same fake politeness he had greeted me with, then stepped aside so Sheen and I could shake hands, something all of the tributes were supposed to do in every district. My icy eyes met his hazel ones as we shook hands. He arched a dark brow, challenging me. I took a deep breath, not reacting as Teris bid the audience farewell, ushering my district partner and me inside the Justice Building to say our final goodbyes to our families. It had all been so surreal that I had been chosen that I really didn't even notice my parents. Apparently, my mother had let out a wail when my name had been called, but I was so intent that I didn't even notice. My father had sat in solemn silence, not meeting anyone's gaze for the rest of the ceremony. As I entered the room designated for my family, I was immediately enveloped in a hug from my mother. She was still crying hysterically, violent sobs racking her body as she burrowed her face in my neck, brushing my hair away. I awkwardly wrapped my arms around her, doing my best to comfort her, but it was difficult for me to do any comforting to anyone, even family. Being socially awkward can be a major handicap sometimes. Finally, my mother pulled away, eyes puffy and red. She stepped to the side, allowing my father to get his turn with me. He was hesitant a moment before he suddenly flew his arms around my thin frame. I almost stumbled backwards as his weight crashed against me. Strange sounds came from him that I eventually recognized to hear upset sobs and cries. I've never heard my father cry. We were also similar in that regard, being able to hold in emotions for a long time. He was always the family's rock that provided stability, even during the worst times, but this surpassed the worst of times, for sure. It didn't seem like enough time before peace keepers were already ushering my parents away. It took a lot of willpower to rip myself away from them. I bit my bottom lip to keep it from wobbling. I couldn't be seen as weak now, not now, not ever. I had to be strong for my parents, even though I know my eminent death is looming over my head like a dark cloud. From the Justice Building, we were escorted to the train that would carry us into the Capitol. The train was ostentatious in its decorations and design. All of the things on this train are from District 1 , I thought bitterly as I walked through the main