Hello valued readers! Welcome to Chapter One of my newest story, Underworld of Dreams. As is typically customary of me, I have started a new story after taking a break from writing for a while. I'm glad to be back, though, and ready to write more for you guys to enjoy! This story takes place during the 74th Hunger Games. For the most part, I will try my hardest to keep it as cannon and accurate as possible, but of course, none of us are perfect and I apologize if there are any mistakes in my grammar, spelling, or facts along the way! This story will also feature a romance between my OC, Spring Farlane, and Cato. Katniss and Peeta and the rest of the gang will also be involved. In other news for my page, I will be actively trying to update this story and Fly Away as much as possible. If you're interested in reading about an OC and Gloss, please go check that story out as well. Follows, favorites, and reviews are very helpful and encourage me to update more frequently. In this first chapter, we get to meet the main character and see some insight to her typical daily life. 'Tis also Reaping Day, and we all know what happens today! Anyway, enjoy! Living is hard, and anyone who says any different is either insane or stupid. This thought rang in my head as I went out to feed the animals. It was early morning, much too soon for the sun to be up, but that didn't bother me any. I liked the calm and stillness of the dark. It provided a safe haven for me, a rest if you will, against the constant hustle. My name is Spring Farlane. I've lived in District 10 all of my life, and I never knew what it felt like to have a belly full of food or a good night's rest. Now, don't get me wrong. I was thankful for everything my family has been able to provide me with, but that doesn't mean I don't think and wonder what it would be like to live in the Capitol for just a day. Just a day without hard work, a screaming baby, and a hungry stomach... I was brought out of my reverie by the sudden morning call by our rooster. I murmured a few curses under my breath. I hadn't woken up as early as I'd thought, then. Soon, my three out of four older brothers would be out of their beds, hollering and carrying on as they always did. Even on days like this, they would find some source of reserve energy, while I was tired and gloomy, one of the only days out of the entire year where I allowed myself to think that way. People often lose their sanity if they think too much about how much injustice has been done to them throughout their lives. It was Reaping Day. The day everyone in the 12 districts of Panem dreaded, well, for District 10, anyway. 18 tributes had already been chosen, and today, two more would be added to the pool. I just prayed and hoped to God that I wouldn't be one of them, but my odds were against me. Because of the fact I was 16, my name was entered five times automatically, then even more times because I'd applied for tesserea, and not a small amount, either. The majority of my siblings were too old or young to partake in the Hunger Games, therefore, that was less grain and oil we could receive from the Capitol from our tesserea. Because of this, my brother, Tobias and I were forced to sign up for more tesserea than last year, when there had been four of us- me, Tobias, and the twins Percy and Link. This year was Tobias' last year, and next year, I would be forced to take even more. Our oldest brother, Markus, was 27. He'd long since moved off the family ranch and gotten a job as a breeder, a generally high-esteemed role in the District 10 society. In addition to myself and the four terrors I called brothers, there are also two little ones; Keanu, the fussy boy of four years old who'd already developed the habit of cursing like a sailor and chewing on straws of wheat, and Juniper, or Juni, the practical newborn who'd just turned two months old three days ago. As to where I stood in the family rankings, I was the second mother. It's not that our own mother didn't do a terrific job, it's that we were absolutely swamped with work all the time, and from the time you could walk, you were working. We were one of the best ranches in our district, and occasionally, we got special treatment from the Captitol, such as being able to keep a cow or two if we didn't tell anyone else and if we had had a promising yield for the quarter. Anyway, Mother was constantly working, and very little time could be spent making sure that Keanu and Juni got the care they needed as youngsters, so I took over that role. They're much like my own children, and from the early age of 12 I'd decided that being a mother was more hard work than it seemed. I'd developed a strong back bone from it, however, and I was used to being the dependable child who got things done. I liked to think of myself as the favorite, even though my parents said several times they didn't have a favorite. (I was definitely the favorite). Out of all my family members, however, I was closest with my father. He's treated me special since the day I was born, and he still does to this day. We've a close relationship, and for that I'm thankful. I didn't have all that many friends from school, and without him, I'd feel even more isolated. Suddenly, a bark brings me out of my dreams once again as I looked down at our old herding dog, Chester. Almost ten years old and blind in one eye, you'd be surprised to know that he still moves like a pup, and those old sheep don't stand a chance. I give his ears a quick scratch as he padded beside me to the barn, his tail wagging gently behind him. Already I could tell today was going to be a hot one. I wiped off the slight sheen of perspiration that had gathered on my forehead as I entered the barn, the smell and sound of cows hitting me in the face like a brick wall, as it always did. I never seemed to be able to grow accustomed to it, and though I didn't find it unpleasant, necessarily, I did prefer the smells of our horse barn. Rows upon rows of our cattle stood before me as I started the gruesome task of feeding. With two bales of hay atop a rusty old cart with bald tires, I lugged the thing behind me as I cut the bale twine and threw two flakes into each stall. After this row, I would have to go back and put two more bales onto the cart, a process I would have to repeat several times. I had really begun to work up a sweat at this point, and I was grateful that today was the day I could take a bath, for on Reaping Day we wear our best and look our best. A total of two hours later and I was finally done. By this point, the sun was already on its ascent to the sky and my brothers' loud voices could be heard from within the confines of the barn. Sometimes I envied them, for every day they saddled up their horses and rode out to rotate the grazing of our sheep, goats, and cows, but then again, their work was also dangerous. If you were caught out in the sun of District 10, you would have about four hours before you would pass out with lack of water and shade. Within ten hours, you'd be dead and the only things that would know would be the sun, the dirt, and the coyotes. After putting the hay cart back in its respectful place, I made my way back to the house. Standing before me was a three-story farmhouse that had been built before the Dark Days, and generations before me had lived here. The front porch was sagging, and the roof had holes in some places, but to me, it was home, much as it always had been. The rockers were rocking slightly as the breeze came every once in awhile. There were three of them, and very rarely were they ever used. The wind had become their new users, for there was no time around our house to enjoy such a leisurely activity. As soon as I opened the front door, the smell of biscuits and sausage assaulted my nose. I smiled softly to myself, for the bread had been made fresh today. Typically, the loaf of dry, stale bread would be expected to last us a week, but we viewed today differently, as it was Reaping Day. Mother always bought fresh ingredients to make biscuits and sausage gravy on Reaping Day. We also didn't typically have meat on most days, but every year, a hog gets sick, and old Bert had come down with something a few days ago. I suspected it was him who was now sizzling in a skillet. Entering the kitchen, my toothy smile grew ever so slightly as I saw the woman who gave birth to me and six other children. You'd never guess that, though. Her light blonde hair was pulled back in a messy bun to stay out of her face. Her frame was petite and slight, and her clear blue eyes reminded me of the sky. The only things that gave way to her age were her pitiful nails, cracked and broken from years of hard work, and her haggard fingers, bent and wrinkled from overuse. She would be even prettier if she had had the chance to put on some makeup every once in awhile, do her hair, or dress to the nines, but thinking like that was just unconventional. There was simply no time, and to worry about your appearance in District 10 was worthless. No one cared nor noticed when you were too busy with working to live. I gave my mother a quick kiss on the cheek before asking, "Need any help with anything, Mother?" I knew that she would say no before the word even left her mouth; she was just like that. Very independent, and hated asking people to do things. "No, dear, I'm just finishing up with breakfast. Now, why don't you go and run a bath before your brothers get back? This'll take a half hour to make all this sausage, so you go on. Ain't got nothin' better to do," my mother had a habit of rambling, but with that sweet accent and light voice, I never complained. Her prattle was always very soothing to me. Taking her advice, I hurriedly ran upstairs to the second floor. From the bedroom I was soon to share with little Juni, once she was old enough to sleep in a bed, I could hear the snores coming from down the hallway. Those snores belonged to my father, and I was glad to hear him sleeping. He had been working like a dog lately, late into the night and late into the morning. I suspected that he'd just gotten to bed, and he would have to be up for the Reaping soon, but I thought it best not to disturb him yet. Grabbing one of the towels that wasn't totally dilapidated, I headed to the bathroom. We had two bathrooms in our house, but this one