PREFACE Across the street, a young man in dreadlocks stared at me, his dark eyes were paradoxical, showing both disgust and deep interest. I clutched my stomach, which shot long, torturing pains through my frame and walked towards him. My arms reached out to grip the wall but I did not make it, falling over myself and stumbling onto the sidewalk, my words were the soft wind that whipped my brittle hair. "I can't breathe." I spluttered, holding my throat and gasping for the air I knew was there but would not spin down my throat; I knew I could only take very few more steps before I collapsed altogether into a screaming heap on the concrete; I tried to grip each crack of the footpath and claw myself forward as I toppled to the ground, my teeth mashed together and my tongue pressed again the prison it was in. I could feel my muscles weakening, letting the pain take over my efforts despite my desperation to block it out; it gripped my arms and legs in its hold and pulled at me, my body convulsed in response. It lifted the highest point in my chest high before letting it fall again, I groaned and let my arms wobble like jelly as the unavoidable pain engulfed me; drowning me in its weightless ocean. The current would not let me up to take a single breath; it yanked me left and right like driftwood until I was nothing but a hollow shell. Still-The pain never resided. I couldn't find the man in the deep solitude of the sea, the black waves clouded my sight and the anguish was all I could think about. How could I get him to save us? For the last time, I found my hands stroking my stomach, the place where a new life was clawing its way out. Would this be too hard? Would I be damned to the same fate as every other vampire-hybrid carrying mother? And what of him? Would he be able to escape? And then, there was the one I loved more than anything I knew in the ocean with me, the one who had loved me since the dawn of my life and would still be here, consciously or subconsciously, at its twilight. I felt my arms reach for him, and somehow I could feel him doing the same but nothing came, nor did it vanish; we were frozen in this same, fixed position, arms out, trying to touch each other unsuccessfully. After everything we had been through, I was going to let the sea suck me down. I knew that in the deep mist of my heart. It wasn't a choice, but an irrevocable force I could not refuse. His name was still on my lips as I hit and screamed at the skin of my own body. Jacob. Jacob. Jacob. Jacob... CHAPTER ONE Renesmee Carlie Cullen CHANGES SILENCE WAS THE MOST BEAUTIFUL TUNE AROUND US, THE harmony that lulled our souls, what made the mere thud of our feet seem like the most magnificent echo of a symphony. We walked like restless spirits in synchronization; letting nothing but shallow breaths escape from our lips. The only sign that we were not human was their pale skin, topaz eyes, our bodies, that looked much more powerful to immortals eyes than mortals. And of course, the scarlet blood that dripped from our cerise lips. It was from our most recent kill; a vulnerable doe, which was now dead, drained completely of blood; at the foot of the river. It had been the most successful day in a long time. The latest snow storm in Forks, Washington had both forced animals into hiding and wiped them out completely with its heartless tempest of ice, leaving our family in danger of turning on each other from malnourishment. Thankfully, we had gone to separate parts of the forest today to find something, anything to fulfil out desperate thirst. This was our third kill this morning, besides some ancient carcasses we had come across earlier, which had done nothing for our appetite. "We haven't had a day such as this in a very long time, Edward." My mother whispered, taking a look at my father. Her eyes were the most fluid tawny shade they had been in months, which must've meant the hunt and food had done wonders for her mood. "It's great. I feel fantastic." "It's been a slow month, sweetheart." my Dad, Edward replied "Winter is the worst time to hunt, but I have never seen anything like this before. It's almost like..." "Like they're dying out?" I guessed without much thought. "It's a possibility, sweetie." "I didn't think that was possible, Edward." Mom mused aloud. She rolled her eyes and focused her attention on the vegetation ahead "That's a bit melodramatic." I didn't see the need to argue or plead my case so I did not speak again. My thoughts leisurely drifted to the edges of reality, letting the trees become visions of my kill. I couldn't think about us starving, wasting away and turning on each other; I couldn't afford to; it was an idea that I didn't relish. It scared me to death to think that there was a chance a family could fall apart, particularly ours. Only conjuring up delusions of my deepest desires in the moment could save me now and keep the bad, frightening thoughts away. I sucked in a breath of air, let go of my senses and followed my Mom and Dad as they veered off course and took off into the forest. As the environment became more and more familiar, it began to fizzle out. It came to a point where I could've navigated my way without any sense whatsoever. I knew this path like the back of my hand. The cottage came into view and, just like every other time I saw it, it intrigued me. The building in itself-was unimaginably fantastic, it stood graceful in the golden light, giving off multi-coloured sparks whenever the light touched the windows. The green ivy that curled around the door hugged the walls lovingly, beckoning the outside in. Who couldn't be taken by such natural beauty? Even a vampire would be won over by a place with such mythical allure; the way the sound of splashing water hummed soft and pleasantly in the distance and the flowers that lolled their heads as if they were drunk on their own dreams. It sung out with joy, quaint living and life. But something wasn't right. I could feel it in me now, the incomplete emptiness that I always felt here, almost like something was missing from the picture... I dropped my gaze to my feet, afraid to let the direct comprehension bring on the serrated edges of the bareness. It was too warm when I entered the house because of a fire that was blazing under the mantelpiece. I spared the front room no welcome glance, saving my eyes for the stairs that lead to the kitchen. As I crossed the first floor landing, it became obvious to me that someone, probably Alice or Rosalie, had been here and cleaned up while we were out on our hunt. My book of Robert Frost poems, which I had left on the floor when I'd dropped it last night, was now neatly tucked away in the closet sized bookshelf in the hallway and the dust that had begun to fall on the coffee table by the bathroom door had miraculously vanished. That was nice. And weird. I knew that there was a huge gap in my day I was responsible for filling, but I felt no enthusiasm to approach it. What could I do anyhow? Study? Wasn't really much reason to do that unless I was receiving education. I recoiled from the idea of heading upstairs to read, I had tried that enough times to know that it made time drag more than anything. The repetitive moods and pitiable plots of collection of classics made me want to sleep and the romances gave me an uneasy stomach. What about Port Angeles? I thought to myself, but kept the idea at bay; thinking of the humans wandering aimlessly through the streets. I couldn't risk it, I could slip up and then I would be the one with the eternal guilty conscious. I didn't have the guts to head there alone. I took a deep breath in and inhaled the beautiful scents of this room. They were so ordinary, familiar in their own ways, but they stroked my nostrils with their loving flavours so it was almost impossible to ignore it. Leather from my jacket, fresh wood; smoke from the crackling fire, the slight lavender scent of the fabric of the recliners...Honeysuckle, even, from the wind coming from the open window, the minty taste of the air I breathed... Brine, even though a beach was not close, was there too, it danced in the air around me; kissed my lips with its distinct fragrance. It almost shocked me, but I found it to be too beautiful a smell to mull over. It made me think of the closest source of salt water, First Beach; and the little Native American reservation, La Push, surrounding it; a place where magic almost as amazing as ours existed; where anybody who knew more than the literal beliefs of humans would dream of going. Where my friends, the La Push werewolves lived Suddenly, I was in a hurry. I bolted through the door; slamming it out of my way in my haste. I nearly demolished the gate as I ran towards my car, but lucky for the gate I leapt over it before I could cause any serious damage. My black car stood underneath one of the pines to the west of the cottage, glimmering in the sunlight; I had no time to admire the shining cab I had spent all morning yesterday scrubbing with bleach, I threw myself in, throwing my jacket off and tossing it into the back seat. Feeling like purring as I listened to the soft humming as I revved the engine, I backed around two pines and drove towards the river. It seemed like no amount of time until I was out on the highway, heading North on the one oh one; the music on the radio blaring to stop me from thinking about the emptiness loneliness brought. Of course I couldn't completely forget. I could feel it coming now; the surreal emptiness of my now deserted surroundings, the now gale force wind from the open window cut like razors through my chest, leaving open wounds that stung with their exposure to the cold air. I was not full, still plagued by the puzzling nothingness that inhabited me, but I knew I could not let it possess me completely. I still had enough sense to blink. To keep functioning. All I knew was that I had to carry on driving; to get to the place that would take this away, where I always came when the emptiness threatened to return. La Push, with its quaint little village, graceful sandy beaches, towering cliffs and beautiful forests; it was like another dimension, completely cut off from the real world. It never pleased me more to return to its safe glow; to have it chase away the blankness I felt when I left it. As the first houses of the village came into sight; I breathed a deep sigh of relief continued to drive; with much more animation before, probably due to the fact that I was happier. I could feel the vivacious light inside, fulfilment, which I hungered. It was like I had been reborn; like the normal part of me that had seemed to be slipping away had returned, giving me back my lungs so I could breathe again. It felt nice to be here, to drive down this road. But what I