Note from the Author: I have written down some of the members that I have been able to think of. If any watcher or really anyone that wants to have a character participates in this story of the Hunger games (it will be the ninety second Hunger Game of an alternate timeline of when Katniss and the others fail to defeat the President and the other members of the Capitol). You can send me in the name, age, and any important description on how they look like and their specialties in the Hunger Games. I will update this repeatedly when I get a number of posts. This will give you a general idea of who has been taken already. Probably by the next few chapters, maybe three or four, I hope to have all the names up. If you're wondering where I got all these character's name's from I used an online Hunger Games Name Generator. If anyone does have a character put up in here, I will give them the rightful credit that you deserve. Also the Hunger games do not belong to me, they belong to their author Susan Collins. Legend: (b)=Boy , (g)=Girl *=Needed Districts: 1 Tiberius (b), (g)* 2 Phoebe(g), Silver (b) 3 Valeria (g), Atlas (b) 4 Fannia(g), Indigo (b) 5 Iris (g), Phox (b) 6 Wade (b), (g)* 7 Kern (b), (g)* 8 Otto (b)(g)* 9(b)* , (g)* 10(b)*, (g)* 11 Terra and (b)* 12: Scarlett and Blaze 13 Catching the Jabberjay Chapter 1: Running Away part 1 It was morning, I could tell not with a clock, but that the sun had managed to peak through every crack in the two windows that were in my room. The home had decent shades that covered over the windows, blocking out most of the light, but this was enough to open my tired eyes to see what was going on. Today was another day that I would spend out in the woods. I was normally eager about this idea, but it was a different story. My mom, Katniss Mellark had asked me to bring Blaze with me, my twin brother, who is a complete opposite. So I knew from the start that today was going to be slow and I would try to prolong it as much as I could. My brother Blaze Mellark who was named by my father Peeta Mellark has a fiery temper, as his name says and he often gets into fits of rage over really nothing. Peeta has come to the idea that this temper of his can be possibly taken out on classes such as boxing. Where he can relieve his stress somewhere, I think his stress comes from school where he is focusing so hard that he loses sleep, and not to mention he gets him out of the house. Then again I could be wrong. For my own name sake, I was named Scarlett Hope Mellark. I was named after a flower that can be found in different districts. And like flowers they seem to be silent and something precious, that you can't break at all. And then some of them, like a rose or other poisonous plants like the Nightlock can kill you or injure you instantly when you least expect it. I like that, silent and stealthy on one side, and the total opposite in the next But days like these I wish I could be left alone, by myself and the woods are my haven. But I guess I was first introduced in the woods not by going in their myself, my mom Katniss sent me in there and she came along with me. Teaching me everything I had to know, everything to hunting with a knife, arrows and a bow, and learning about the plants. She had shown me a book that she had used as a child in order to learn all the plants and recognize them that were around the area of District 12. I think I could recognize them in other districts as well also, it would be worth it. And it would be interesting to see what other different plants were out there. Finally after ten minutes I start to come more into consciousness, the sleep from earlier had left me a bit light headed, like I had been breathing a bit slower. Then something like the sound of soft footsteps come up to the door, there were three soft knocks against the soft wooden door and I recognized it instantly. My mother, "Scarlett you need to get up now. You need to hurry, Blaze has already been waiting for some time to go," She said. I instinctively put my covers back over my head in order to block out what light is going to enter the room next. When she doesn't hear an answer from me, she opens the door, I could hear the knob turning very loudly and it opened with a soft creak. Not like one of those old houses, but enough to tell that it was opening. I have a feeling almost every door has a distinctive creak like that. I just know it. Anyways she turns on the light in the room creating more light into the room, and pulls off the first two covers that I have on as it exposes some of my skin and reveals more of the light on the room. "Come on Scarlett. I'm not going to tell you twice. I know you and Blaze don't exactly get along but this will be a good way to perhaps change that. Don't you think so?" Katniss asked as she looks at me with a bit of a somber look in her eyes. It's as if she knows that I would say no. We've been fighting for years. However I don't want her to feel bad about this. "Alright I'll try at least once, and if it doesn't work you can go into the woods with him next time,' I said trying to make a deal with my mother, but I doubt it's going to work. She too has a side of her thinking that it may not work. "Good I already have a breakfast made for you when you're ready. It's still warm. You'll need lots of strength," Katniss says as she leaves the room and closes the door once again so I could have some privacy. I finally get up and decide to put on my woodlands outfit. A soft coat incase it gets cold out a thick shirt, and long pants in order to avoid being bitten by unwanted bugs or being scraped down there. Of course with these pants are also a bit more flexible. They are not as hard as some jeans can get some time. So they're a bit perfect for me in the woods. I can go right through the woods without a problem. After I get dressed I head down stairs, the house was built years ago as it had been meant for, for the champions of the previous Hunger Games. In fact my father owns one, but soon allowed his family to live into it since he was going to live with my mother Katniss and they would have her house. And with my mom, she brought over my grandmother who still lives with us in her own room. Occasionally my father can be found heading back and forth between houses and is often painting there. Only a few of the houses here have been taken, there are only several members of District 12 that have been successfully been able to gain a house. At least two others from what I can recall. We have Haymitch who tutored my father and mother in their times of the Hunger Games. Other than that, our neighbors are streets, the occasional people who walk by, and the woods that are left on each side. Once I'm down the stairs that lead up to the second floor, I can instantly smell the aroma of food that my father and mother have cooked up. I can tell that Blaze has already been through here. His own jacket has been taken off the coat rack that stands at the front of the house near the door way to lead outside. None the less, that means that there will be one less person at the table as I go down to the room and open the door. There already is my father sitting at the table, it looks like he has already eaten and is busy drinking down the last bit of orange juice in my cup. He looks up, noticing my arrival he looks up and nods to me. Looking over my features, he knows I look similar to my mom, having the dark hair that I have and similar eyes. One would say I would be a spitting image of her. While Blaze is the spitting image of my father, and yet they're bewildered to find out that we're twins. "Morning Scarlett, I see that you're up a bit late. Though, I don't blame you for that. I also think you figured out that Blaze left in a rush eager to go out in the woods," Peeta said. "Good morning dad. And yes I saw that he is gone already. He can't seem to sit still for long," I add with a soft nod as I agree with my father. "But I know you may be doing the same as him. When dinner time comes you're going to have to tell us about your adventures that you two go through in the woods." Peeta suggested as he looked back at me. As he waited for my answer he took another sip of his orange juice. It was roughly about one quarter the way empty he would be finished soon though. "Yeah I think that is the case. But I may not have anything interesting on the hunting attempt this time. And the only thing you may get is another tale of Blaze and I fighting." I say with a soft groan. At this point I can feel my stomach growling, I hadn't had anything to eat until that previous night. So I end up giving into it. I sat down at a chair next to my father. But I know it's not going to last long. Any moment Blaze could possibly be storming in at the next minute in order to tell me to hurry up. I find myself focusing on what appear to be these sweetened pieces of bread and start dipping them in a nearby soup. The flavors were something interesting. But I knew that I would have to rush eating breakfast so I couldn't concentrate on the flavors for long. "You never know, Blaze could grow out of it one of these years. There's hope for that." Peeta said with a soft nudge on my shoulder and once again my shoulder that is closest to him. I merely wanted to change subjects about this, so now both parents knew what was going on, the fighting between us. I had to think of something as I start to pick up my second roll. Though I still had a bit more of the second one, but it was tempting to take another one. "I guess…" I manage to say in a hushed voice. But then something dawned onto me, my father had been painting recently, and wondered if there was anything interesting that he had thought up of just yet. It was worth a try in order to change the subject as I looked back at him in between a bite. "So have you painted any new pictures yet? Or have an outline of one?" I asked him as he shrugged. "Maybe, but I'll tell you later since it is a secret, a surprise for your mother." He said adding another wink at me as I nod understanding. "I'm sure it'll be great." I assure him