A/N: This chapter has been updated to my best abilities on 17-04-2017 I took away some mistakes and changed it here and there. In time I will go through all the chapters. A/N: I do enjoy reviews. I will not answer them in the author notes but in Pm. Be sure I will always answer a question, either in a pm or in one of next chapters of this story. A/N: Many people asked me if I wanted to translate my Dutch story. At first, I was not going to do it, but as more and more people asked me to do it. I will do it. But as I said in my profile I'm Dyslexic. I'm having trouble with writing, not so much with reading. English is not my native language so the translation is difficult. Some things may perhaps be wrong. But please do not hang me from the highest tree immediately. Having said all of this, I hope you will all have fun with the translation. I will try to add a chapter every two weeks on Sunday. One more thing. In this story, Bellatrix will be the youngest sister. Disclaimer: Harry Potter is not mine. This is a story from a fan. BELLATRIX'S SECOND CHANCE (BSC 1) C1 Voldemort's assignment part 1. Voldemort was cursing and swearing at anything and everyone at the same time while he was walking into Malfoy manor. Bellatrix who was walking behind him held her head down; she had her eyes to the ground and was shivering from the pain she was feeling throughout her body. She had just been placed under the Cruciatus curse from one Harry Potter and was still feeling the pain from it. Voldemort turned around quickly and looked at her with a fiery gaze in his eyes. "Crucio" he screamed. Bellatrix dropped to her knees and cried out in pain. It was twenty seconds later when the curse was lifted. "How could you let him go?" Voldemort shouted to her in an aggressive way. "That worthless piece of shit named Harry Potter. You could have killed him right there. He was within your reach, you could have killed him and it would have been no trouble at all for you. But nooooo, Miss Bellatrix had to lead him out. Crucio" Sounded the voice of Voldemort again. Again Bellatrix screamed out in pain. The pain was unbearable but also manageable for her and it was something that confused the hell out of her. What remained playing through her mind was that the cruciatus curse from Harry Potter was much more painful than the one from her Lord. Her thoughts then went from lord Voldemort to Harry Potter and back to Voldemort. There was one other thing she no longer understood. She was so strong; she was the right hand of her Lord. But now she did not know what had happened and she had to be submissive. Tears ran down her cheeks from the pain she was feeling from the Cruciatus curse. The curse burnt in her body and was pulling at all her nerves, which made her twist and turn her arms and legs into odd angles. When the curse was lifted she lost herself again in her own thoughts. She had not slain the boy who lived. She had brought him to her lord, but she had not weakened him first. She knew that by doing that she had severely disappointed him, the great Lord Voldemort. This was the punishment that she deserved; at least that was what she was telling herself. She had not been a good servant. She had failed him enormously. Her thoughts then went to earlier that day. Lucius had dropped the Prophecy. So he also should be punished. They should all be punished she had thought, at least those who had escaped from the ministry. Lucius for instants was only free because he had obtained the support of Fudge and Fudge had a bag of gold in his pocket because of it. But now it was her who had to be punished. "Crucio" sounded the voice of Voldemort again. Bellatrix screamed, her nose began to bleed and her eyes were red from crying silently. There she was laying Breathless on the ground with her cheek on the cold stone floor. "Out of my eyes", she heard her Lord Voldemort hissing aggressively. With much pain, she crawled out of the room, her lord had punished her. This was the punishment she deserved. She had disappointed her lord and she knew it. She went down the hall crawling to a room. There in the corner of that room was a single mattress. Blood dripped from her nose as she lay down on the mattress. All her muscles ached everywhere in her body she felt the pain of the Cruciatus curse. She trembled and shook even after the curse was broken. She coughed up a little blood and looked into the darkness. Slowly, her eyes closed and she dreamed away. She did not know why but the only thing she saw were two emerald green eyes looking at her with love and pity. *#* How long she had been lying there, she did not know. But her mouth was dry and her body stiff. With a lot of pain she pulled her legs up against her chest; she sat herself down in the corner against the wall, while the tears were flowing freely down her cheeks. If she would have her way she would make a run for it, but she also knew that she could not do that. Her lord would never allow that. He would have death Eaters search for her and have her murdered without mercy. And that was if she was lucky. For all, she knew she would be a plaything for a while to be raped and tortured before she was allowed to die. It did not matter how you looked at it, she was trapped here as a slave to her lord. Bellatrix wondered why she had these kinds of thoughts. She did not know why, but she did everything her Lord wanted from her and still, it didn't feel good. She hated it with every fiber of her soul. This had begun in her cell at Azkaban. Just a year before her cousin Sirius had escaped from that place. Something had happened there bet she couldn't remember what it was. A slightly older woman with blond hair walked into the room. "How are you feeling Bella?" She asked in a friendly tone. Bellatrix looked up with tears still in her eyes. "Cissy Yes, everything is going well" was her fast response. Cissy was her sister, Narcissa Malfoy. Like her sister, she was married to one of the death eaters. She spat on the name of her husband. And like her sister she had never really chosen for such an arranged marriage. But she followed Lord Voldemort with everything he did. Their men were Death Eaters from the first hour. They had followed their men as it was true the old ways and by their arranged marriage contracts. With a contract like that, a married woman could never contradict her husband. Actually, you were more a mostly a mindless slave in such a contract, no more and no less. There were all sorts of spells on those contracts to make you submit to your husband. That was how it was, you just had to do as you were told whether you liked it or not. Bella was still pressed against the wall. She felt a hand from her sister fall over her shoulder. The hug she got was something she was not used to. Still, it felt good to feel such an arm around you. It was one of love and not one of lust. "Bella dry your tears and come to the kitchen. Lord Voldemort has some announcements he wants to share with all of us". Bella wiped her eyes in an unladylike way with her sleeves as she walked slowly after Narcissa to the kitchen. There was a large table there with all the Death Eaters around it. She saw her nephew Draco at one end of the table; he was sitting next to his father. He was sixteen years old and wanted to have the Dark Mark more than anything. She knew that Lucius had neglected his duty. So, therefore, Draco would have a great responsibility, this in order to save the honor of his father and his family name. Slowly she slipped herself into the seat next to her sister. Without even looking at another person around the table, she sat in silence. She did not dare to look up. Her fear was big and the pain of the cruciatus curse was not completely gone as she twisted a little. Voldemort stood at the head of the table and spoke. "I'm very disappointed in all of you". He leaned forward and looked at everyone. "Now, not only Harry Potter knows that I'm back" and he spat at the name of Harry Potter, "But now the ministry knows it too and to think that Fudge was eating out of my hand. At least he did it until yesterday". With this, he gave a look to Lucius. Tomorrow morning everyone will know I'm back by reading the daily prophet. And all thanks to your blunders and incompetents. A whole year we have worked on Harry to get him to get the Prophecy. A whole year Severus held his mind open and reachable for me. Has it all been for nothing? Severus has done everything to torture him, just to make him weak. For what and why I ask you, you my death Eaters, you let yourselves be overrun by six children, six measly children". His gaze went past the table and rested on Bellatrix. "Bellatrix" he cried out in a snake-like way. "Y.. yes, my lord" was her whispered answer. "Bellatrix, you made a lot of mistakes, and therefore you have a lot to make up for. We will talk about that later and especially what you can do for your Lord" Voldemort hissed. Narcissa who was sitting next to her put a hand on the knee of Bellatrix and pressed it hard. Bellatrix looked at Lord Voldemort and just nodded. She quickly looked back at the table. She would follow her lord, but she did not know why. There was a voice in her head that kept saying that she needed to do something else. Do not listen to him, you're better off without him. It was always the same voice and it always said the same thing time and time again. Voldemort looked around and went on. "Lucius, I have one question for you. How could you have dropped the Prophecy?" Lucius swallowed when his lord said his name. "It was Harry Potter, my lord, it was he who made me drop the Prophecy," Lucius said in a small voice full of fear. "Lucius, Lucius, do you really think that I believe left-hand-man cannot win from a fifteen-year-old boy, a boy, without a real education". Voldemort looked with a lethal look at Lucius and gave him a small hiss. "I had would have slain Potter" Draco snarled. Voldemort looked at him and wondered if Draco had any value for him, or if Draco was of any value at all. "Draco, if that is so, then tell me, how could four kids overpower you and your friends so easily. You had help from that toad Umbridge was it not. She was there and you had their wands". Draco blushed and looked down in shame. Whispering he said he wanted to curse Potter and his friends. Voldemort smiled and laid his hand on the shoulder of Draco. "Next year Draco has to perform a task for me. It's not a big task, but it is very important. At the end of that year, he will