"I think helping defeat the Dark Lord and destroying Horcuxes beats passing your N.E.W.T.S. and riding in a little boat," Ron Weasley stated. He set down the bag he had carried down the steps at the Burrow and turned to face Hermione Granger. "I don't understand why you need to go back. We were already offered jobs at the Ministry." "I want to graduate," Hermione insisted. She had to fight to keep her voice level. They had been having this conversation all summer. After all they had been through, she expected Ron to be supportive of her choice. "Well I think it's great," Ginny Weasley smiled, as she threw her own duffle onto the floor. "Now I have someone to copy off of." Her smile widened as she watched Hermione's face change at the suggestion. "It's a waste of time," Ron continued, ignoring his sister. Hermione kept herself from rolling her eyes long enough to turn away. She pretended to check the contents of her bag one last time to ensure she wasn't forgetting anything. "Harry and I start tomorrow at the Ministry for our Auror orientation. You should be there too, Hermione." She tuned him out. Ron started the conversation the same way each time. He would tell her that she was better than Hogwarts, as if she didn't desire to gain more knowledge and expand her working knowledge of spells and charms. He would go on to tell her there wasn't a need because she had already secured a position at the Ministry. Kingsley Shacklebolt had personally offered a position alongside Harry and Ron after the war. She could tell though his offer was genuine, it was also to aid his cause in bringing the various members of the wizarding world back together under a united front. That unity was what had won him the position and it was the basis for his campaign. Hermione had chosen to pursue what she thought was right when she joined Harry in his fight. The war was over. Voldemort was dead. It was time for her to pursue her own cause. Behind her, Ron was still going on. For a moment, she questioned her decision to call him her boyfriend. All through her schooling the relationship between them had been building, from the very first time he teased her to the passionate kiss they had shared in the Chamber of Secrets - all of it seemed to lead to the point when they became a couple, but now that it had happened she didn't feel any satisfaction. If anything, she felt sad, as if it was the ending of their story rather than the beginning. "Mione?" She looked up at Harry Potter, who had a amused expression on his face. "Bye Harry." She straightened up to hug him goodbye. He embraced her back, giving her a squeeze. Instinctively, he pushed his glasses up the bridge of his nose, as he backed away. "Still can't convince you to join us?" he gestured to Ron, who had continued his rant at his sister. Ginny was clearly ignoring him, but Ron had never been the most preceptive of the Weasley clan. "It's been the three of us for as long as I can remember," she started, "but now is a time of change. I need to do this by myself for myself." Harry smiled. "I know." Hermione found herself smiling back. Then as Ron raised the volume of his voice, her smile faded. "I wish Ron understood." "He does," Harry stated, glancing over her to his best friend. "Ron just has his own way of expressing it." Hermione shook her head, closing up her bag. "Someone once said he had the emotional range of a teaspoon, if I remember." This time her smile stayed. "Thanks, Harry." She gave him another hug. "I'll be looking forward to your letters. I want to hear how-." "RONALD BILIUS WEASLEY!" Molly's roaring mother-tiger voice startled everyone in the room, causing them to freeze in their spots. The Weasley matron entered the living room and placed her hands on her hips. "What is that motor bike doing here?" She raised one hand to point out the window. Hermione rose to her tip toes to see outside where Hagrid's flying motorcycle was parked on the grass. Harry hadn't mentioned that he had borrowed it for today's trip. He had used it to get back and forth a few times this summer. The extra room allowed for him to move some of his larger belongings to and from. He had never said, but she thought maybe he liked riding it up in the clouds so he could talk to Hedwig. He hadn't had the heart to shop for a new owl yet. "Mum, we are taking Hermione and Gin to the train station and -." "And nothing!" Molly interrupted him. "You think I forgot that stint you pulled in second year? It's out of the question." "But Mum-." "No." Molly stared Ron down. "Fine." He grumbled under his breath, lowering his gaze. "Guess we should be going," Harry crossed the room to hug Mrs. Weasley. His action instantly cut the tension in the room. "We'll be back later." "Oh Harry," Molly pulled him into a tight hug, her cross face falling away immediately. "Yes, get back here for supper. It's your favorite." She turned to Ginny, pulling her youngest into a hug, then did the same with Hermione, and finally Ron. "Be careful," she told him, holding him by the chin. "You take care of them." "Yes, Mum." Harry and Ginny took her trunk, while Ron helped Hermione with hers. Hermione looked back at the Burrow as they left. Molly was waving at them from the doorway. It made her miss her own parents. Ron had promised to go with her to Australia to find them once the Death Eaters had all be identified and caught. Right now there was still a level of danger out there. She didn't want to bring them back to a different kind of danger. "Ready?" Ron asked him, finally giving her a smile. "Yes." And with that, the four of them set out for Kings Cross Station. Draco Malfoy walked through the corridors of the manor one last time. Each step he took echoed loudly. The cold marble and obsidian offered no encouragement as he passed. Unlike his prior years, there was no one to see him off. His mother wasn't present to hug him goodbye. The last few years he had shrugged her off, not wanting to appear weak in front of his father. Standing alone now, he wished more than anything that she was with him. Narcissa Malfoy and Lucius Malfoy hadn't been charged after the Battle of Hogwarts and the conclusion of the Second War. They had been spared serving time in Azkaban prison. That pass had come with strings attached, as Draco had assumed it would. First, his parents were temporarily living under protection from the Ministry while Lucius testified against his fellow Death Eaters. The details he provided were what would grant him and Narcissa the freedom to come home in the coming months. Second, Draco had to return to Hogwarts and complete his education by earning high marks on his N.E.W.T.S. All three of them were expected to become upstanding citizens within the wizarding community to prove their loyalty to the new world order. Voldemort was gone. That was the only difference to Draco. The world was still broken. The Death Eaters were still out there along with some of his other followers. His life wasn't safe. His mother's life wasn't safe, especially after she lied to the Dark Lord about Harry Potter. Draco cursed the Boy Who Lived. Narcissa didn't owe it to Potter to save him. When Draco had brought that to her attention, she had just shaken her head and hugged him. He still didn't understand. He entered the foyer, where his trunk was sitting by the doorway. The house felt lifeless, as if it had been forgotten. It echoed how he felt. Since the war had ended, he hadn't been contacted by any of his friends. Not even Pansy Parkinson had bothered to reach out to him. He supposed being one of the few Slytherins to remain behind had gained him that response. It made him unsure what to expect when he walked through the doors at Hogwarts. What awaited him in the Slytherin Common Room? Would he be the most popular again, the Prince? Or would he be an outcast for how his family had turned tail? Draco had questioned his father's allegiance to the Dark Lord constantly. He found it hypocritical the way Lucius always spoke of having the upper hand and sought power when his own father worked to serve another. When it had come time for Draco to receive the Dark Mark and join the ranks of the other Death Eaters in his family, he had hesitated. Narcissa had delayed the process for as long as she could. Eventually, his father had persuaded him to come onboard. The decision hadn't been easy. However, when it came down to it, it hadn't really be a decision at all. There was no choice when you were the son of Lucius Malfoy. There was only the path laid out before you. Being disowned was a threat both regular and real. His father had referred to it many times while Draco grew up. With few friends and no finances to his name, the thought of being tossed out onto the streets had been terrifying. As he had matured, mastered his classes and how to manipulate others, the terror had diminished. Money was still tied to his father, but at the very least he had his own supporters at Hogwarts who he could crash with if the time came. But that time was over now. "Master ready?" A raspy voice broke Draco out of his thoughts. By his feet stood an older house elf named Norbey. He had been working at the Manor since before Draco had been born. He was the only one that remained in the house. "Yes." Draco took one last look around the Manor before following his servant out the door. "I can't wait to get the team in check," Ginny was saying, as the Hogwarts Express rode along. Hermione was only half listening as she gaze out the window at the scenery. Seven years of near death experiences had taught her to appreciate the little things. Each time she rode the train, she felt as if it was the first time. The trees, the rolling meadows, the rivers - each landmark had its own unique identifier. She felt herself beginning to relax as she watched it all go by. "Gin!" A tall, cocoa haired girl came bursting into their car. "Romilda!" Ginny jumped up to give her friend a hug. Turning back to her, she asked, "Hermione, do you know Romilda Dedalus?" "Hello," Hermione smiled over. "Hermione Granger." "Oh I know who you are," Romilda laughed. "You're famous." "I believe you are thinking of Harry, but thank you." "No offense, Gin. Harry is great and all, but you-." Romilda gestured around herself. "Witch power, am I right?" Hermione felt uncomfortable. Harry was usually the one who dealt with the famous title. It had been both a curse and a blessing at times. Over the years she had witnessed the good it could do and the bad. She didn't want to have that on her. She decided to change the subject. "Are you on the Gryffindor team?" Romilda's grin widened. "Can you tell? I'm a beater." Her personality matched her position. "Actually, Gin, me and some of the others wanted to see if we could pick your brain on a couple of things. They are in the next car over, do you have time?" Ginny looked at Hermione. She motioned for her to go. "Sure," Ginny replied. "Great!" Romilda beamed. She began