Author'sNote – edited on 02.01.06 Thank you to Thrae Elddim and Mirkwoods Princess for pointing out my mistakes. "Haldir of Lórien!" The voice was music to the young guard's ears, and he whirled around to see his dear friend Legolas running to him, grinning from ear to ear. Before Haldir could react, Legolas closed the distance between them and jumped onto him, bringing them both to the ground. Legolas' melodic voice rang with pleasant laughter, observing the shocked look in Haldir's eyes as he came to realize that the younger elf had indeed knocked him off of his guard and was now straddling his chest. "Well, well, it seems that your senses are not so keen, my fair friend," Legolas chuckled, and Haldir's lovely face flushed. "Oh, get off of me, you oaf," Haldir said huskily and playfully pushed the Mirkwood prince off of his chest. He jumped up and took Legolas' hand, pulling him to his feet in a swift motion. Legolas gasped at the sudden rush and lost his balance, thus landing against Haldir, using his hands to steady himself on the older warrior's strong chest. Haldir caught sight of a blush creeping on the prince's face before he quickly returned his hands to his sides. "Thanks for the help," he muttered, and Haldir smirked in response. "Come on," he said, grabbing Legolas' arm, starting to run further into the Golden Wood and pulling his friend along, "I bet I can bring down a stag before you!" "Only in your wildest fantasies, Haldir!" Legolas retorted gleefully, their laughter reaching through to Caras Galadon. They spent the afternoon hunting, but neither had much success. It was fall, and so deer were scare. Not even the birds called on that cool day; all was pleasantly silent. As they fruitlessly continued to stalk their prey, Haldir began to reminisce when the two were not talking and joking quietly. It had been a while since they had last seen each other, the last time being about five years ago when Thranduil came to Lothlórien with Legolas, his son, and a band of other Mirkwood elves. They had gathered with Celeborn and the other Galadhrim authorities, Haldir included, for a traditional feast to mark the allegiance of the Eryn Lasgalen and the Galadhrim. The visiting elves were to spend two days and one night at Lothlórien, and Haldir and Legolas needed to make the most of their time, for they both knew that they could not see each other again for a few more years until the next gathering. Haldir wished he could go see the prince at his home in Mirkwood, but alas, his duties as Marchwarden prevented him from doing so. Legolas himself was busy tending to "princely things", as Haldir would call them, and Thranduil was not very fond of Haldir; he was never fond of any other elf besides his son, anyway, so it did not come as a surprise to the Marchwarden. Once in a rare moment, however, Haldir would be given the task by Celeborn to bring news and word to Mirkwood, and Haldir would usually be able to see Legolas again. But his duty to guard the Golden Wood borders did not let him stay in Mirkwood for more than a day, and he would regretfully retreat under the heavy, suspicious gaze of Legolas' father, and Legolas' own saddened one. In truth, Haldir and Legolas had known each other for a long time, ever since they were elflings. But Haldir had to admit that he did not like Legolas the first time he saw him in Lórien. He remembered thinking that the prince was snobbish and painfully beautiful, and this aroused jealousy and anger in his heart. But Legolas viewed Haldir in a different manner; he had seemed to be curious, even fascinated with, the future Guardian of Lórien, and tried to make friends with him. Haldir was unwilling at first, and annoyed. On his yearly visits to Lórien, Legolas would barge into Haldir's talan and hover over his shoulder as Haldir studied from massive books containing ancient Sindarin texts, and Legolas would prod his ribs and pull at his hair, laughing, trying to get Haldir to remove his attention from the books. One day, Haldir could not take the torment any longer and he proceeded to tackle Legolas. When the lithe elfling somehow squirmed out from under his weight and ran away, Haldir chased him into the Wood, his teeth gritted in anger. When Legolas finally stopped running, Haldir pinned the younger elf against a tree, his nostrils flaring. He would not tolerate humiliation, not even from a prince. Legolas struggled, his amusement turning to fear, and Haldir remembered that he had felt great power when he caught the emotion. " Gwanno ereb nin, Legolas! (Leave me alone!)," he pronounced, and Legolas shrank under his gaze. He let go of the younger elf and backed up, and he remembered that his heart suddenly clenched when he saw the prince's terrified expression. He had actually regretted his earlier actions. Legolas stood up straight, glared at him, and returned, " Ti tállbe Orch! (Go kiss an Orc!)", and then fled further into the Wood. Haldir had rolled his eyes and began to walk away. He had almost breached the border to Caras Galadon when a scream rang out from the trees. Haldir immediately rushed toward the sound and reached a clearing. When he entered it, he almost blanched in terror. Legolas was on the ground screaming, and a femme warg had his right arm in her jaws. Without thinking, Haldir drew his long knife, made a sound like a war cry and rushed at the wolf-like creature, plunging the blade into her shoulder before she could register his attack. She howled in pain, releasing her grip from Legolas' arm, and turned her full attention on the older elfling, drawing her black lips into a snarl. Strangely, Haldir was not afraid, even though he had never faced a creature like this before. All he was concerned about was Legolas. The she-warg suddenly lunged at him, and he side-stepped and slashed the knife across her thick-furred chest, just below the large throat. Screeching, the warg retreated, tail between her legs, not giving a second thought to the fight. Haldir had then went to Legolas' side and looked at him worriedly. "Are you alright?" he had asked shakily, but Legolas looked up at him with glazed eyes, tears soaking his cheeks, and whimpered in response. Haldir lifted the prince into his arms and returned to Lórien. Celeborn mended his wounds, and Legolas looked at Haldir admiringly and with a new appreciation when he had recovered. Thranduil returned to Mirkwood with his son afterward, and Haldir was surprised to feel a pang of sadness in his heart to see him go. The next time they saw each other, they treated each other differently and with new respect. They quickly became good friends, and Legolas never forgot when Haldir saved his life. Haldir was actually glad that he had chased Legolas into the Wood that day and the warg attacked; they may have remained as enemies otherwise. It was then, and to even to the present day, that Haldir had realized that he had even stronger feelings for the younger elf, feelings that exceeded beyond their friendship. He could not explain why he had these mind-sets; he just did. Never did he mention it to Legolas, the only one whom he had ever trusted; he did not want to lose his friend's trust and relationship. He would not know how to cope if he did confess and Legolas rejected him. He supposed that it had started after he had saved Legolas. The young elf's eyes had a distinct new shine that he seemed to share only when meeting the Galadhrim's own dark blue eyes. As they had become closer in their friendship, they would venture to touch each other in a friendly nature, even bathe and sleep together like it was the most natural thing in the world…which it was, between male elf friends. Unbeknownst to Legolas, or so Haldir assumed it was unbeknownst to him, Haldir would shiver lightly at the prince's touch, trail his eyes over his body as they swam in Nimrodel, and watch him for a while as he slept beside Legolas, longing to reach out and brush the thin yet sensuous lips with his own. Haldir struggled to keep his feelings secretive, and as the two friends matured into their teenage years and to adulthood, his longing toward Legolas gradually diminished. After all, the future king of Mirkwood would want nothing to do with a lowly Guardian lover. Haldir was now content remaining as a beloved friend, and also content with whatever decision Legolas made to maintain his happiness, choices of lovers included. And yet, he still wondered what it was like to touch Legolas…to breathe in his very essence…what it was like to truly love him… "Perhaps we should stop for now," Legolas said, his voice bringing Haldir out of his lapse of memory, "The sun is getting low, and there are no stags to be found." Haldir agreed and turned back in the direction from whence they came. "Shall we go back to Lórien, then?" he asked softly, turning back to his friend. Legolas furrowed his brow and shook his head. "I do not wish to, not now. We just got our bearings together, Haldir," he pointed out, smiling. "Come on; let's stay out here for a while longer. I have longed to be in the Wood again for a long time." Haldir smiled to himself, relieved at the prince's answer, for undoubtedly he would have to leave the next morning or afternoon, and Haldir did not want to lose his company so quickly. They traveled a little further into the Wood, both feeling at ease as cicadas began their evening chorus. When they entered a wide clearing, they both stopped, unbelieving. Indeed, this was the same clearing in which Haldir had saved Legolas from the warg so many years ago. After a moment of silence, Haldir turned to the younger elf and proclaimed in good humour, "Well, fair Greenleaf, it seems that we have managed to stumble upon the spot where you shivered helplessly before a mere femme warg." Legolas chuckled as he set down his weapons and sat on the grass. "Indeed, it is a lucky find," he admitted as he looked up through the open circle of canopy to the purple sky. "Perhaps we should stay here for the night." Haldir came up beside him and leaned back against a tree, sighing in contentment and stretching out his legs. "Yes…right now I do not wish to go back and see your father," Haldir confessed, chuckling softly. "I don't think he trusts me too much." "I don't understand why he doesn't," Legolas said, leaning back until he was shoulder-to-shoulder with Haldir against the tree. "You are a very good friend, Haldir…the best I have ever had," he continued, smiling up at him. Haldir returned the smile and put an arm around the younger elf's shoulder. "And you are the only friend I have ever had," he said softly, and Legolas felt pity tug at his heart. Haldir must have read it in his eyes and instantly regretted the confession, and so he looked away and back up at the sky, observing the first stars of the evening. Legolas savoured the feel of the warmth from Haldir's hand as it emitted through his jerkin to his flesh, and he rested his head on the guard's shoulder. This did not catch Haldir by surprise, as Legolas had done it many times before, and drew him in closer until the heat between their bodies was apparent. Haldir thought he felt Legolas shiver slightly under the contact, but he convinced himself that it was from the sudden chill that came into the Wood as the sun died