Hello everyone, I go this idea on day in school, I was bored out of my skull at school; the teacher put some of the class to sleep. That is how boring it was. No Joke. Anyway, this story changes Percy's parentage, so instead of a son of Poseidon, he is the son of Typhon. Father of all monsters, and the storm giant. Please read and review, would love to hear some feedback. "Human Talking" 'Human Thinking' Ch. 1 It had been eons since Typhon was free from under a Volcano. His prison changed with the Mountain Olympus, only, under the nearest Volcano. He spent eons in pain from being trapped in lava and roaring in pain. Most thought that he was a mindless monster, strong yes, but still a monster and incapable of thought. This was far from the truth, born from two primordials, Gaea, and Tartarus. He was rather intelligent. The problem was with his mother, who secretly gave him a potion that will drive him in an endless rage towards all life. He would use his power to destroy the Gods and Humans alike. He kept his sanity, ironically from being in constant pain. The pain forced his mind to focus and not be overwhelmed by anger or insanity. Time continued to pass with Typhon becoming bored and lonely. He was still connected to his many children, and saw them grow, kill demigods and what not, but he could not see them. Typhon, unlike most immortals, cared about all of his children, he himself was an outcast due to his parentage, power and looks, and he was not considered a true giant, like his siblings as he did not have their curse about having a demi-god and god need to destroy them. He wasn't a god, Titan or anything, Typhon was something completely different. This difference caused him to be an outcast and alone. This is why he loved all of his children; they were the only things he really had. Echidna, his wife doesn't count as Not once had she tried to talk to him, visit him or anything. She just siding with those moron Titans against Olympus, and being killed over and over again. All he could do was sleep or try to ignore the pain from being burned by lava. ' Well a good side effect to this is and incredible pain tolerance, and heat resistance.' Typhon thought to himself as he tried to come up with a way to escape, but not suffer from the anger curse. He knew that his body could not escape, that will attracted too much attention, and he will lose himself in anger once more. He needed to escape with his spirit, and maybe inhabit another body. That could work hopefully. He did want to see how the world changed over the years. With this idea in mind, Typhon channeled enough power in order to escape his prison, but not enough power to alert anyone on what he was doing. He releases all of the energy into his soul and cast it out, his body became limp, from not having something to control it, and the spirit of Typhon was launched in a volcanic eruption of Mount Saint Helens. A rather small eruption, so no one payed much attention to it, only those who lived near the mountain worried. Unknown to the world, both mortal and Immortal, Typhon, the father of Monsters was free, and not trying to destroy all life. So he could do whatever he wanted. He just needed to keep a low profile, and use this time to learn about the modern world. First thing is first though, get a new body. Finding a new body was easier than expected, all Typhon had to do was find a recently dead man, then once the soul left, his soul will take its place, the power of his soul will allow his new body to function, as long as he has the energy. Which will last about three years, before he returns to the mountain. Page Break It has been a year since Typhon started his knew life, the body he was using was a 6' 2" Tall male with black hair, and steel grey eyes, formally known as John Smith who died due to a gunshot wound in the Military. He did do some cosmetic changes, like making the hair slightly thicker, and they pupils gain a slit like a cat's or a snake's. Along with increased muscle mass and some extra height. He spent most of the year, learning English, along with basic utilities, such as driving, Body Hygiene, physical fitness and learning to cook decent foods. He did learn some of the modern sciences, but stuck to the quiet life of a simple mechanic living in New York. He didn't get too attached to anything as in another two years he will disappear, but he managed to make some human friends. Emotions though were a bit different; after all, he never experienced them before, so it took some time to understand them. He did meet someone who seemed to recognize him, but was unafraid, a woman by the name of Sally Jackson, who stopped by his small shop for some maintenance on her car. She took one look at him, and her eyes widened, then the most unusually thing happened, she didn't run away screaming, she just smiled and the two continued talking about her car. That was the most bizarre thing Typhon had ever experienced, even his wife was somewhat afraid of him! Then this woman from nowhere wasn't even stuttering. ' I will admit, it is refreshing to be treated as a person rather than a giant monster.' Typhon though as time went by. He continued to see Sally around New York and they became friends. Since she knew who he was, Typhon didn't need to keep things from her. The most amazing part was that she believed him about the anger potion and all the other events that happened in his long life. A year had passed with the pair becoming closer and closer. They were almost inseparable, but Typhon did tell her about his deadline of three years. She was understanding, and they continued their friendship. Eventually, that friendship became more and the two started dating, despite Typhon leaving inevitable. He swore to her and himself that he will escape again and he will return. They eventually had a son, by the name of Perseus Typhon Jackson, Percy for short. He managed to stay for only a few weeks before he loses the energy and his soul returned to his real body. He managed to cast one final look at his son, and girlfriend. Whishing he could stay with them, but he was already out of time. He looked at Sally and Percy looking at him with tears in Sally's eyes as the two waved. Typhon's body then dissolved into nothing, while his soul went back to Saint Helens. Sally meanwhile while was crying over the loss of Typhon, despite being a supposed raging monster, he was actually a very kind and smart man, cursed by his own mother. She did see some of the monster in him, after all his temper was legendary among the populace in New York, but he never hit her or even hit something else. He only took a few deep breathes and let it out. He was nothing like his real form would suggest, his real form was a giant humanoid from the waist up, but his legs were like the bodies of boa constrictors. On each hand, he had a hundred fingers tipped with red-eyed serpent heads. He had massive leathery wings, long matted hair that smelled like volcanic smoke with an ever changing face, becoming a more horrible monster than the previous one. He was said to have massive strength, which was above the big three, incredible durability, able to withstand the full power of Zeus's bolt, Fire Breathe, spew vast amounts of poison from his snakes and lastly, the ability to summon violent thunderstorms, hurricanes, volcanic eruptions and floods. [This was taken from the Rick Riordan Wikipedia.] Percy was his first Half-Blood son, so Percy himself was going to be extremely powerful. What characteristics he gained from Typhon was unknown. Time will tell though. Page Break Years have passed since Percy was born. He was a slightly tan boy, with black hair, the color of a raven, along with a blue eye in his right eye, with a steel grey eye in his left. He inherited his father's monster slit eye, along with fangs and Typhon's height. Sally married a man by the name of Gabe Ugliano, a fat man who could hide Percy's sent from the gods and monsters. Percy was a troubled kid; he has a massive temper, a love of storms and a fascination with monsters. Not to mention ADHD and Dyslexia. He was extremely strong for his age, alone with massive stamina and a slight immunity to pain and heat, which will only grow with age. For his abilities, he seemed to inherit his Father's abilities with storms and other natural disasters, at a smaller scale. This was illustrated when Gabe went off on a rant and a localized thunderstorm was created, following Percy's anger. He created his own monsters in his imagination, constantly creating new ones and writing them down, along with drawing them. Writing down their abilities, weaknesses and anything he could think of. He was an amazing drawer from years of practice. However, good things are always followed with bad things. He enjoyed time with his mother Sally, but despised Gabe. Gabe was an abusive, drunk slob and it was only a matter of time before Percy snapped. It was the middle of the night when Gabe returned home from drinking and playing poker with his friends. He stumbled in and due to him losing extremely badly, decides to take his anger on his young charge. So, he stumbled in Percy's room, woke the kid up and started to whip him with his Belt. Percy's screams awakened Sally, who rushed in and tried to stop Gabe by smacking him. Gabe proved stronger than her and knocked her out. "I have had it you and your son!" Gabe yelled out as he grabbed both Percy and Sally by the neck and dragged them into the kitchen. Grabbing a knife, a gleam of insanity in his eyes from the darkness in the room, wanted to make the brat suffer, in his intoxicated mind, if he didn't have the child, he wouldn't have lost the poker game. Still, he wanted to make the kid suffer, so he took the knife and carved a massive scar in the young child's face. "Do you want to play a game?" He asked to the boy, over and over, Percy could only scream in pain as his face was carved in. Gabe not stopping, carved a massive wound in the child's face; this started in his forehead above his right eye, went between his eyes, and stopped before it reached his throat. Finally finishing, Gabe turned to Sally, who was still knock out, and raised the bloody knife, ready to end her life. Percy seeing this glared at Gabe with all of the hate he could muster, wishing that he could become a monster and torture Gabe, just like he did to him and to prevent his mother's death. His wish was grated as his body started to transform into a monster he created after one of his nightmares. The beast was 7 feet tall, with horns jutting out of its head, well-muscled, five inch claws shaped like Scythes, Pale scales with a black outline, a blade tipped tail, with spikes on the back, going to the tail's tip, Giant bat wings were folded, and two feet, with three claws in the front and one in the back. Percy not knowing