The Still Of The Night Before we begin with the story I would first like to explain a few things. This is my second fanfiction in general, but I would like to mildly warn you, or should I say inform you that I tend to evolve throughout the chapters, both in my the writing style and the progress of the story line. Therefore, I would kindly ask you to be patient with me and the story for I have lots of ideas which (quite unjustly) don't get to get their own opportunity just yet since I am always busy with school. Secondly, if I don't update the story in more than a month it does not mean I have quit the story (fret not, if such tragedy should occur and my seemingly endless inspiration should dry out, I would be a kind soul enough to let you know in time) or gave up on writing in general; the thing is, I have quite a tight schedule, but I try my best to (if I quote the dear FanFiction motto) "unleash my imagination" as frequently as possible. Now the serious part: I do not own any of the characters nor the events (wars and that stuff) - only the characters Aireiel and Edenir, all of their connections to the Middle Earth are fictional and a product of my imagination. Everything else belongs to the legends John Ronald Reuel Tolkien and Peter Jackson. Right so that would be it regarding the intro stuff. I hope you will enjoy the story and please do not hesitate to share your thoughts on it! Chapter 1: Prologue The late summer sunbeams were peering through ancient thick trees, guiding the way to the old forest road at the west Mirkwood. The air was fresh and humid, filled with sweet and spicy scents of exotic flowers scattered on the soft forest ground. This was the definition of happiness for Aireiel Nelethrin. A perfect start of an early morning. Sleepy, hazy dawns were Aireiel's favourite part of the day; when the hidden mighty world of Mirkwood is just waking up from its tired task of maintaining the endlessly horrific reputation. Though, as it was in her Sindar nature, she was fearless. A restless hunter that knew this part of Mirkwood by heart. This was what she got used to in the years of living on her own with her thousands of years old father, Edenir Nelethrin, long omitted descendant of the Forgotten Lords (that ruled these lands even before the arrival of the royal family of the last Lorien's ruler, Amroth), bereft of his own title. She got used to escaping their normal morning routines to run back to her own world. A world with no wars, resentments and bullies. Each stole something precious from her. Aireiel caught a sight of a resting mammal twenty meters from her, nourishing with some greenery. She took a chance and slowly crept towards it. The animal caught her scent and started running for its life. Aireiel began to pick up her pace until she was running along with the animal, deep into the heart of the forest. Disobeying her father's rules and defying his will once again, she raced side-by-side with the speeding creature through the solitary thicket that started to become more dense and impenetrable with each step. The only sight of the animal she was able to follow were the blurry spots of its light brown fur with symmetrical white dots scattered over it that occasionally emerged from the maze of the forest's boughs. The cost of the war was high. She lost her mother, Amalondeth, when she was just a little girl, her older sister Heraithiel and her younger brother Erurhil, to the forces of the Darkness. The pain of the loss was indescribable. The resentments stole her father's rightful position. All the elven kingdoms rejected their calls for help, wherever they, and other lost families that once happily lived under Amroth's reign, strayed for over a century after the announcement of the death of their King. A few families were too late for the departure of the ships that were to cross the Sundering Seas to the Undying Lands, where most of the Lorien inhabitants travelled to in order to escape the rising evil, and also where king Amroth had selfishly fled to with his love Nimrodel, leaving the Elves of Lothlórien behind, leaving them scattered and leaderless, afraid and lost. Many centuries had passed without any protection over Lothlorien. Some families insisted on staying in their homes, not wishing to abandon their past as the future for their descendants, including Aireiel's family. For a long time they managed to live in seeming peace and prosperity when, in fact, their lives were all but peaceful. But the word that Lorien had found itself without an accomplished guardian and capable army soon arrived to the ears of Sauron's forces that invaded the Misty Mountains and the ruins of Moria. The Dark Lord saw an appealing opportunity that would result in both fulfilment of his strategic plan and enrichment of his military forces. After the attack all the families were affected by the invasion: some would see their hundreds of years old homes burned to the ground, others were forced to part from their crops, and then there were the ones like Aireiel with the greatest misfortune of all – to see their loved ones tortured and slaughtered. The image of it and the pain shall never fade from their memory as long as they breathed. The last thing Aireiel remembered from those horrible times was her father running towards her, screaming her name through fire and smoke with nothing but destruction behind him. Edenir's family was known to be one of the most respectable and honourable ones in the wide region of Lorien. Even when the foundations of Lothlorien's politics were still based on ancient monarchy, the years of loyal service and devotion to this land did not go unnoticed even by the King Amdír whose mercy and favour Edenir enjoyed while there was piece in those lands. His hard work, commitment, and respect were the traits that persuaded King Amdír to bestow a noble title upon Edenir and appoint him as one of the grand lords of Lorien, yet his true heritage was still unknown both to the King as Lorien's inhabitants. Needless to say, such achievement encouraged many of Edenir's rivals to grow even greater resentment and hatred towards him. Not long after the title had been imparted to him, evil tongues started to spread spiteful rumours of Edenir and his family. Even though the amount of those foolish enough to accept and continue to spread the gossip was surprisingly high, Edenir was not short of admirers and supporters who efficiently defended him and his principles even long after the King's death. Yet still the rumours managed to endure even in the cruellest conditions a land can confront – war and its aftermath (including the later inevitable migration of Lothlorien inhabitants, as well as Edenir's family who was deprived of its three members and all the privileges gained in the time of piece) – and passed onto its survivors. Shortly after the first effects of the destruction of Lorien, the rumours had successfully reached even the most distant lands, every kingdom they'd arrived to started to turn against them. The inhabitants did not like newcomers in their kingdom, especially not vagabonds professing their innocence and reporting of their homeland being destroyed by the hand of the Shadow. They wished none of their curse to be transmitted to their own lands. The times were indeed dark, and despite of the Elves' usual friendly welcome, the separate dwellings of this specific kind took special care in caution and restriction for the word of evil ailing the lands reached far and wide. Even though some of the lords themselves did not utter direct threats towards the young families, they were forced to move because of the rising pressure and growing threats, sent by the infuriated and incensed nation. Soon, the abandoned families were left on their own like refugees. With no shelter to run to, barely enough food for a few months, and some ripped old clothes was everything the families were left with. After centuries of straying the vast lands of Middle Earth the news of Lothlorien regaining its stability came to the lost families. Supposedly their homeland had found new guardians and the joy that overcame the wanderers was indescribable. The lost families embarked on the path to their homes, guided by the hope of a renewed life they'd lost. But Edenir was not as fascinated by the fact that his homeland had supposedly recovered by the hand of these foreigners the messengers spoke of. Many who were stunned at Edenir's decision not to join them on their path of redemption failed to see that the only possible way he could achieve his redemption was through vengeance. That only the spill of the enemy's blood could roughly suffice to quench the undying drive to go insane. That only when he shall send those vicious souls responsible for their revolting crimes to hell his spirit will be able to fly free again. Aireiel's breath got deeper and heavier, but she kept on running parallel to the speeding animal. The thrill of keeping up with its speed was addictive. It was like she was sent to an entire different atmosphere only for Aireiel and her prey to exist. As if nothing else was real but a part of an ill dream. The sound of crackling of an endless blanket of green leaves covering the ground was starting to increase, when suddenly the animal disappeared behind a tree. When Aireiel approached the giant oak there was nothing but light blue fog with silver rays and precipitous, narrow ravine ahead of it. With breath caught in her throat, she realised she somehow found herself in the Woodland Realm. She didn't recall crossing any rivers, that's why the whole situation was even stranger. Aireiel hid behind the great dark brown bark and observed the surroundings with her eyes wide open. She had never been this far from home before. She simply mindlessly followed the animal deep into the woods without realizing her step. How typical. Surely, she would hear some harsh words from her father when she should reach home, but the sight in front of her was simply astonishing. Even though the most beautiful land she'd ever visited was Rivendell, which held quite a wide and loud reputation, that spread far across Middle Earth of having the most beautiful landscape, this part of Mirkwood was a land of its own. The ground was coloured deep green from which old and tall trees grew high and proud, reaching up to the bright blue sky. Small birds and insects were swiftly flying around the trees, the sunlight was soft and adequately warm, the wind fresh and wild. It seemed as if her heart was possessed by the radiant beauty of the enchanting forest. When her eyes stopped searching and wandering around the surroundings, she looked a bit to her left. She saw a path that most likely led to the main entrance of the infamous palace. At the end of the path there were large gates, decorated with two high pillars. Oh, how she craved to see what was in there. But she dared not. She heard who ruled there, the great Elvenking Thranduil, son of the mighty warrior Oropher whose glory was praised even centuries after his unfortunate decease. Even though she opposed any kind of monarchy ever since the betrayal of her own King, she had the greatest respect for the King of the Elves of the Wood. And same amount of respect went to his son, Prince Legolas, of whom she heard great stories. She heard he mastered the techniques of arrows and daggers, like herself. She often daydreamed of