Author's Note: I've been reading on this site for quite some time now, and it's easy to forget about the gems you read in the days of your youth. When the stories were still new and the books hadn't all been released. xxxMs. Mexxx was and still is one of my favorite authors on this site. I recently revisited her stories. Back In His Bed is an unfinished masterpiece, and I was inspired to try and bring it back to life and give it a proper finish. I reached out to ask permission to use her inspired plot. All credit goes to her for her original vision. The mansion was a vision. Lily had almost forgotten just how breathtaking the Potter Estate could be. Despite the grandeur of the illustrious residence, she couldn't shake the sense of foreboding. She really didn't want to be here. As she watched the shadows of the partygoers inside dance across the merrily lit windows, she questioned her sanity on making the effort to attend at all. "It's your last chance to back out," the friendly voice said next to her. This made her chuckle but she wasn't in any mood to find humor in the situation. With a deep breath, she replied, "I don't think backing out is an option, Rourke." Rourke Lombard gave her a sympathetic smile, which quickly turned into a conspiring grin. "Then let's get this show on the road. Your ex won't know what hit him." Lily let out a sigh. "We'll see about that," she muttered under her breath as she took Rourke's arm, leading them toward the mansion's grand entry. She shuddered against the slight chill on the breeze. Blaming the sensation on the cooling weather, and the opened back cut of her dress that evening. "Lily, darling, you look amazing in that dress tonight. If I was into witches, I wouldn't be able to keep my eyes off you." Lily giggled in spite of her serious mood, and felt a blush come to her cheeks. The complement gave her the small boost of confidence she needed to continue on with the evening's events. "I don't know what I would do without you, Rourke. I can't thank you enough for coming with me to this thing. I couldn't bear to show up alone." "Not a problem," he said grinning, showing his white teeth off to perfection. "My dashing good looks will be your barrier." He said gallantly and without modesty. "Besides, I've been dying to see this man in person. If all the rumors in Witch Weekly are true, he is quite the piece of eye candy." Lily gave her friend a quick elbow to the gut as he dissolved into a fit of laughter. She keenly ignored the ping of attraction that was stirred in her at she thought of her former boyfriend. She used to think how unfair it was for one man to be so handsome. As they reached the door she once again thought of how much she didn't want to be here. However, the fact of the matter was that she had made a promise. A promise she couldn't back out of no matter what, because it was more than just her word, it was her pride too. She was going to hold her head up and show everyone that she could be in the same room as him without a care in the world. They both stopped and stared for a moment as they reached the grand entrance hall. The large sweeping staircase and the marble floors were almost overwhelming to take in, despite Lily having been there a small handful of times. Rourke let out a low whistle. "So this is how the other half lives." The sounds of distant string instruments wafted through the air adding to the allure. What a world they lived in. One she had never gotten used to. If it weren't for Euphemia Potter she would have already left it all behind. But Mrs. Potter was not a woman to be refused. She had only smiled when Lily had tried to back out of attending her birthday party; apparently Euphemia didn't think Lily being in the same room as her son would be awkward when only three weeks ago they'd broken up. Or rather, she left him. Euphemia knew that, of course, and she probably also knew that her birthday party wouldn't be the best place for Lily to be at this time, but being the grand woman she is - or the woman who didn't want any other woman but Lily for her son- she tutted away Lily's apology of turning down the invitation. The woman said simply not to worry and to come either alone or with a date. Well there was no chance Lily was showing up alone, and the idea that she would have already found a boyfriend let alone a date so soon after her heart had been broken was laughable. Thank merlin for friends. Rourke was truly amazing. She didn't expect to make friends at her job in Potion's Research and Development at the Ministry of Magic. But if Rourke decided you would be his friend there was no way around it. He could always make her laugh, and was a willing listener to her troubles when her relationship with James began to disintegrate. Lily didn't have too many people to talk to about it, as her sister for the most all purposes disowned her, and her best friend was in a relationship with the best friend of her now ex-boyfriend. When she told Rourke that she was dreading attending her ex-boyfriend's mother's birthday party, he was more then happy to lend himself as an escort. He was smart, handsome, compassionate, and unfortunately completely uninterested in witches. It was a good thing too, because if he were straight and she wasn't in love with someone else, she might be interested. Knowing James, she wouldn't be received well. Their parting was nothing short of a battle. Not a loud, raging blow out, but a quiet battle of wills. When she left he hadn't even raised his voice. He'd simply given the James Potter acceptance, a half shrug, the calm, unruffled approach he took to all matters of unimportance. A category apparently in which she and their relationship was relegated. Because what could she possibly mean to him if he let her go like that? But to him, their relationship; the terms 'James Potter and Lily Evans,' meant only one thing -sex. Hot, hungry, insatiable sex. Merlin, just thinking of it - James - her body ached inwardly, the terrible craving still there, beneath the surface, her emotions still so volatile. Oh, she should just leave. For the third time that night she asked herself what on earth she had been thinking coming. And then she caught her reflection in the mirror, her tired green eyes made up to be electric, her fatigued body wrapped in a figure-hugging black long-sleeved dress (borrowed from her much richer and fashionable best-friend). She was made out of stronger material than what James Potter expected. Her resolve to be worth something was set. She was the highest NEWTS achiever by a girl in her year, graduated top of her class at Hogwarts as Valedictorian and Head Girl, and receiver of the most prestigious Panterone Scholarship and Stipend for scholarly research. There was no way she was going to let a man get the better of her. They made their way through the house to the ballroom, arriving at the entry to see the party in full swing. Just as Lily had planned. Show up late enough that no one would notice their arrival, but not late enough to be rude to the guest of honor. There had to be at least seventy fashionable and important witches and wizards in attendance. The ballroom was beautifully decorated in honor of the matron of the house, Euphemia Potter. Now only to find her, wish her a Happy Birthday and exit as quickly as possible. "Is he here?" Rourke whispered, having noticed how her eyes scanned the crowd for that familiar head of dark hair. Twice she had double-taked, her heart all but stopping, only to realize it wasn't him. She answered with a small shake of her head. Her hands were starting to tremble as they rested on Rourke's arm. The blonde-haired man gave her an encouraging smile. "See, nothing to worry about. Now I'm going to get us something drink. Maybe calm your nerves a bit." Lily started to protest, wanting to remind him of his promise to never leave her side tonight, but he was already heading for the bar, and to go after him would make her look desperate. Which, of course, she was. But she had her pride. She quickly collected herself, plastering a serene look on her face. It was only after noticing how handsome the bar-tender happened to be that she knew she would be left to herself for longer than necessary to retrieve beverages. She shook her head at her predictable friend and decided that it was so much the better. If she found Euphemia quickly, then she wouldn't even have to go through the whole song and dance of introducing him, explaining how they knew each other, and making further small talk, thereby prolonging her presence at the evening's festivities. In and out. That's what she'd been telling herself over and over as she had been getting ready for the party. She hadn't taken more than three steps into the crowd of party-goers, when her path was suddenly blocked. Startled, she couldn't stop the slight hitch in her breath as she looked up into hard and obviously furious hazel eyes. "What the hell are you doing here?" The familiar tone sent icy prickles rippling down Lily's spine. James. She stiffened helplessly, the hair rising on her nape. Her body went hot and then cold and hot again. She hadn't seen him, let alone been this close to him in weeks. From the beginning she'd always been aware of James as pure energy, a life force -one that completely overwhelmed her own. The effect had not waned in his absence. "James," she said with a nod of her head. She was going to be polite if it killed her. Especially in the middle of his mother's party. Thankfully, no one seemed to be paying them any attention. "I asked you a question," he reminded her. His words were quiet, but his tone was harsh and demanding. "Your mother invited me," she replied after clearing her throat. Pasting a look of indifference on her features, she readied herself for whatever came next. "That is of no consequence since the invitation came before . Now I think you," he said and flicked a glance toward Rourke, "And your friend should leave." It wasn't the anger in his voice that had Lily's cheeks warming to a light shade of pink, but rather the implications of his words. So he'd seen them arrive together, and apparently thought Rourke was her...lover. Ignoring his demands and implications, Lily replied with the same even tone. "She came to see me last week and personally invited me." This earned her a scowl from the tall, dark-haired man. Her indignation at his previous accusation keeping her from immediately correcting his hurtful assumptions. "And that's enough reason to come?" he asked her raising a challenging brow. Lily returned her own impatient look. "When you can look me in the eye and tell me the last time you were able to refuse your mother anything, then I'll indulge this conversation." She watched as James actually opened his mouth to do as she asked, before seemingly thinking better of it and pressing his lips together. "That's what I thought," Lily scoffed, turning to leave this infuriating man behind her. She didn't have to take this. But James had other ideas, and fell into step