Hey guys! Here is part Two of my "Life with Annie" story titled "Together we are complete." This is where we will really start getting into the drama and Finnick/Annie romance. Mind you it's not going to be fireworks in the first chapter, I still have some ideas and building up to do so bear with me. There will also be heartache as with all good stories :'( I'm probably going to cry writing it... Gah! as I was typing that I just thought of another dramatic sad part I could put in! Curses! I hate having that kind of writing ability where you're talking one minute and BAM story idea the next. Lol sometimes I think I scare people because in the middle of talking sometimes I'll go "OH!" and they will ask "What?" And I'll respond with a grin and say "oh nothing, please continue with what you were saying" :D Anyway I've kept up the suspense long enough, so here's the chapter! (so excited!) Chapter One: Home. When Annie and I finally found the strength to let go of one another she started firing questions at me. "Finn I'm so glad you're home! Were the games hard for you? What was it like to be a mentor? What did you do while you were in the capitol? Did you..." I cut her off before she can babble any further. "Annie! I'm so happy to see you, but could you give me a minute to breathe before smothering me with questions?" She grins, and shakes her head. "You've been gone for far to long mister Odair, and I miss talking to my best friend." I laugh and start walking toward the stairs that lead down to the street, Annie right by my side gripping my hand almost painfully tight. But I don't mind, it makes me feel like nothing could ever separate us again. "So are you going to answer my questions?" I shake my head, and she pouts. "I want to be home right now, talking about the capitol isn't how I want to spend my first day back." Seeing her pouting makes me smile. I lean down close to her ear as we walk, whispering. "I think it's classified anyway." She gives me a small smile, and cheers up. Swinging our linked hands and walking down the street, I breathe in the salty air deeply and let it out in a sigh. This is right, being home holding hands with Annie, this is where I belong. "So I'm not allowed to ask any questions?" Annie asks hopefully, I shake my head. "How about I ask you a question?" She sighs, and then shrugs. "Fire away." We turn onto a little side street in between some buildings. "Is there any update on Mags condition?" Annie doesn't answer right away, and her grip on my hand tightens. I stop, and look at her. She stops to, and slowly meets my gaze. "Annie?" Her green eyes are dewy with unshed tears, and she slowly shakes her head. "She's still in a coma...no change." She says in a barely audible voice. I swallow hard, and start walking again. "Oh. How's Bruce doing?" Annie shrugs. "I wouldn't know, I haven't seen him since he got Mags to the hospital." This isn't a good sign, he's probably been holed up in some bar for who knows how long. "How's your mother doing?" Annie seems to brighten up a little bit talking about her mother. "She's doing really well. She visits Mags as often as she can, and sometimes she brings her flowers. She says even though Mags can't see them, she'll know that they are there. Something about being able to sense the color and nature in the room." I smile, Mrs. Cresta loves flowers. "That's really good. Do you think we could stop by the hospital?" Annie agrees, and soon we are walking up to the large clean building. Once inside, the nurse at the front desk smiles when she sees Annie. "Hello Annie, how are you today?" Annie smiles. "I'm doing much better now." She says looking at me. The nurse smiles, and turns to me holding out her hand. "Hello Finnick, I'm Tina. It's nice to finally meet you. Annie never stops talking about you." I smile and shake her hand. "Nothing to awful I hope." She laughs. "No, quite the opposite in fact. I assume you're here to see Mags?" We both nod. She smiles sadly. "Any change?" Annie asks hopefully, but we both can see the sadness in Tina's eyes even before she shakes her head. "Oh, well can we go see her now? Finn hasn't been home since her stroke." Tina nods. "You know where her room is." Annie still holding my hand tightly, leads me down several hallways, and stops in front of room 76. Taking a deep breath, she opens the door and leads me inside. The room is small and neat. A hospital bed, two armchairs and a heart monitor furnish the space. Mags is laying in the bed, her eyes closed in what looks like peaceful sleep. Her frail wrinkled hands are folded on top of the sheets, and her white hair lays across her pillow in a halo. The heart monitor beeps steadily, and the IV tube drips in time to it. Annie stands next to me, her grip tighter than ever on my hand. "It looks like she's sleeping doesn't it?" She says in a whisper. I nod, unable to say anything. Annie takes a step forward, and pulls on my hand slightly. I shake my head. Not ready to face this, after all I've been through, there's always another thing that tries to break me. If I didn't have Annie, I probably would've broken long ago. She watches me closely, as I stare at Mags. "Finn...are you okay?" I swallow, and blink several times. Turning to look at her, I try to give her a small smile, which turns out much to forced. "Yeah..." She glances at Mags, then looks back at me. "Um...I have to use the restroom...be back in a minute." She passes me and walks out of the room, closing the door quietly behind her. I know she didn't really need to use the bathroom, she's just letting me have time alone. How does she know what I need so much? She's only fourteen but she never ceases to surprise me with her perception and good judgment. How did I ever get to deserve someone like her as my friend? I walk slowly over to the bed, and pull one of the armchairs close to it. I sit for a minute, just watching Mags and listening to the heart monitor beep. I pick up one of her frail hands, and hold it gently in both of mine. "Hey Mags." I say softly, fighting the tears threatening to spill out of my eyes. "I'm sorry I wasn't here when you needed me." There's no stopping the tears, and they flow down my cheeks as a sense of helplessness washes over me. "It seems like I'm never there for the people I care about anymore. I don't even know where Bruce is, and he's probably the worst off out of all of us." *Beep*...*Beep*...*Beep* The heart monitor is my only reply. "Ariel and Poseidon are getting married." I say wiping the tears off my face. "It's rather funny, when I first met them I never would have pictured them together...But I'm glad they have each other, they deserve to find happiness. Especially after everything we have to go through." One of my tears falls onto Mags hand, and I wipe it off with my thumb. "It's funny, the Cresta's were my only family for as long as I can remember. Then when I was reaped, you were so kind and gentle. I never had a grandmother, but if I did she couldn't have been more caring than you. Now you and Bruce are the closest thing to family I have. Bruce is practically my father, and I wouldn't be alive if it weren't for the both of you." I sigh heavily, trying to get my tears under control, but they only flow more. And my chest quivers with silent sobs. It's just too much, I can't handle all this. The games, being a victor, being a mentor, in constant fear for the ones I love, everything is just too much to handle. I lower my head to the mattress, and the wall I had so carefully built to shield all emotion and pain, quietly breaks. All the pain and suffering, emotion and sorrow of a lifetime flood through me. I'm glad Annie left, I wouldn't want her to see me like this. We've seen each other cry before, but I was always the strong one who would comfort her, and tell her everything would be alright. She soon copied me, being strong and telling me everything would be alright. But not this time, I had finally broken, and everything was not alright. "I'm sorry...I can't do it anymore...I can't pretend to be strong and act like nothing is wrong...everything is wrong...and it's too much to handle." My mind is so overrun by emotion and pain, that I slowly lose sense of everything except for two things. Mags hand still held tightly between my own, and the sound of the heart monitor. After letting all of the issues I had held back so long flow through me, it leaves me feeling completely drained. The mattress under my head is wet from my tears, which have finally stopped, and a long shuddering sigh shivers through my body. I slowly become aware of someones arm around me, their hand slowly rubbing back and forth on my shoulder blade. My first thought is Annie, but she would have just grabbed me in the tightest hug she could manage. Bruce? No, he would just tousle my hair and give me a heavy pat on the back. Mrs. Cresta is the most likely option, this is a motherly kind of comforting. I don't lift my head, I'm too fatigued to find the strength. So I just sit there, letting whoever it is comfort me. After a minute, I feel them kiss the top of my head. "Finnick." The word is a little jumbled, and the voice is slightly hoarse but my name was clearly said. I slowly lift my head. "Mags?" She smiles at me, and places her hand on my cheek. "Hello my dear boy." Her voice is gargled, and sounds dry. But I can understand what she's saying. I reach up and touch her hand on my cheek, reassuring myself that I am not imagining this. Fresh tears of relief fill my eyes, and spill out onto my cheeks. She moves her hand and wipes the tears gently away with the back of her hand, and then places her hand under my chin. "No more of that please, my bed is already all wet from your tears." I laugh quietly, and kiss her hand. "When did you wake up?" She brushes my hair out of my face as she answers airily. "Right around when you broke down. I heard everything you said you know, I could hear what everyone said." I have a little trouble following what she says, but I manage to make it out. "Is your throat dry? Do you want some water?" She shakes her head. "The doctors said that the stroke might have damaged part of your brain." She nods. "Talking is harder, hard to form words right." I nod. She shrugs. "It could be much worse though." There's a knock on the door, and I call out. "Annie?" "Yes." "Come in quick!" The door flies open and she runs in, her face worried. When she sees Mags, her face lights up. "Mags!" She runs over and flings herself on the bed, hugging Mags tightly. "Oh we were