Hello everyone! Here is the first chapter to "Underestimated" I hope all who read this will enjoy it and thanks to all my fans who came here from my other stories, the support I get from you guys is truly amazing. So hopefully this story will be succesful, I am very excited to write it because we know pretty much nothing about Mags, so I have lots of creative liberty ;) I don't really have a set plot, or way this story is going to go so we're all along for the ride. Let's see how it turns out shall we? Chapter One: Pirates. I float weightless in the warm tranquil waters. I can feel my blonde hair slowly moving back and forth as I sink lower towards the bottom. When I feel my feet touch the coral of the reef, I open my green eyes and look around. There is so much to look at down here, but I'm only looking for one thing in particular and I soon spot it. I effortlessly swim over to the cluster of oysters and quickly start prying them off the coral with my fishing knife. I manage to free six of them before I have to return to the surface for air. I gather the oysters in my small bag made of a close-knit net, and securing the bag around my waist, push-off the reef for the surface. I timed the swim perfectly and my head breaks the surface just as I take a deep breath, inhaling the fresh salty air. "Did you find any?" I hear one of my brothers call from the small fishing boat a couple of yards away. I tread water and pull my wet hair out of my face. "Yeah I got some! Hang on I'll be right there." I say as I dive back under the surface and shoot through the water with effortless speed. My father always says I swim better than the dolphins that hang out around district four. I reach the boat in under a minute, and surface again, pulling myself over the side with the rope my brother slipped into the water. I stand on the deck and shake my wet hair out of my face. My two little brothers are at my side in an instant, begging to see the oysters I have. "Will! Leroy! Shoo! I will show you once I catch my breath." I hear someone chuckle behind my back. "Listen to you giving them orders like that. You sure are bossy for a sixteen year-old." I turn around and smile as I see the tall dark-haired boy standing behind me. I run forward and throw my arms around his neck laughing. "Felix! What are you doing here?" Felix gives me a quick kiss, to which my brothers exclaim their disgust, and then motions back towards shore. "Your father sent me, he says to tell you there's a storm coming and he wants you and the boys off the water before it hits." I glance up at the almost cloud free blue sky, and brightly shining sun. "A storm? In this weather?" Felix looks at me with those gorgeous brown eyes of his and flashes me his slightly crooked smile. "Don't ask me how he does it, but Vern is never wrong when it comes to predicting the weather." I shrug and turn back to my younger brothers. Leroy is fourteen, my junior by two years, where as Will holds the title of baby of the family only being twelve. They both look nothing like me, Leroy has my fathers brown eyes and dirty blonde hair, and Will has dark brown hair and blue eyes. None of us are really sure where he got his coloring from. My father says I am the spitting image of my mother, with me slight frame, golden blonde hair and large green eyes. "Leroy, get the boat heading towards the dock. Will, why don't you help him?" They both run off to start up the boat, leaving Felix and I standing near the starboard rail. Felix turns to look at the ocean, leaning his elbows against the rail as his dark brown eyes scan the horizon. I lean on the rail next to him, my naturally golden skin looking pale in comparison to his heavily tanned skin. Even without a tan his skin is dark, people say he might have some indian ancestors, and that's where he gets his coloring. "What are you thinking about?" I ask casually, knowing what is most likely on his mind. "Tomorrow." I guessed right. "You mean the reaping?" He nods silently, and I don't push the matter further, knowing it's a sore subject for him. The six hunger games claimed his older sister, now with the reaping for the eleventh hunger games tomorrow, he's been a little tense. I don't remember much about the rebellion, I was very little when it ended. I do remember vividly the announcement for the start of the hunger games, where a male and female from the ages of twelve to eighteen would be chosen by 'reaping' to face each other in a televised fight to the death, with only one tribute surviving and being crowned victor. They get to return home and move into a large house with more money than they could ever spend, but there are twenty-three other tributes who aren't so lucky. "You don't have anything to worry about." I say quietly. "You turn nineteen tomorrow, you won't be eligible for reaping." The muscles in his cheeks flex as he clenches his jaw, and when he answers his voice is low. "It's not me I'm worried about." He turns to look at me, and brushes a strand of hair off my cheek. "I can't lose you." He whispers quietly, slowly brushing his hand down my cheek. I slide my hand in his, and give him a reassuring squeeze. "You're not going to. I'm going to be seventeen tomorrow, then there's just another year before I'm safe." He sighs and kisses my hand. "I know. But your name is in there thirty times...that's a lot of chances." I brush his black waves out of his face and smile. "There are hundreds of names in the bowl, I'd say my odds are pretty good." He gives me a small smile. "Yeah...I guess you're right. I just can't help worrying about you." I sigh and turn to look at my two little brothers guiding the fishing boat towards the docks. This is the first year Will is going to be eligible for reaping, and although my father and I told him and Leroy not to, they both have taken tesserae every year, increasing their chances of getting reaped. "Well it's a good thing you worry about me, because I don't have time to worry about myself what with worrying about those two little scamps." Felix turns and leans back on the rail, watching the two younger boys laugh and shout out commands as if they were captains of pirate ships. "I worry about them too, and I know your fathers grey hair has something to do with worrying as well." I smile slightly. "Well even without the reaping they're enough to give him grey hair." Felix chuckles and wraps his arm around my shoulders, pulling me into a hug. "You're not wrong there." We remain wrapped in each others arms for a while, taking comfort in being together. Felix doesn't have any family now that his sister is gone, she was like his mother and since she died he's been on his own. My father got him a job on the large fishing boat that he works on, and Felix has been taking care of himself for the past five years. I think of my own family; my father and two little brothers. My mother died after having Will, there were complications to the delivery and she barely lived long enough to see him. I've been like a mother to Leroy and Will, and my father always says I'm just like her. I'm glad I have Felix, sometimes life gets hard and I need someone I can run to who will wrap their arms around me, give me a kiss, and tell me everything will be alright. I stretch up on tip toe and give Felix a kiss. "What was that for?" He says with a smile. I rest my head against his chest and sigh. "For loving me." He chuckles and kisses the top of my head. "I'm afraid I couldn't help that Mags." I smile at his nickname for me. When we first met he had dubbed me Mags, and has called me that ever since. I don't mind, Magarida is some what of a mouthful. Although my younger brothers and friends now call me Mags, my father refuses to call me anything but my full name. "Mags!" I hear Leroy shout in his best pirate bellow. I detach myself from Felix and stand in front of him, looking towards the helm. "Yes helmsman Leroy?" He smiles and shouts back. "We will arrive at the docks in precisely three minutes!" I nod and give him a salute. "Steady as she goes Mr. Leroy, we shall dine at lord Vern's house tonight!" Will bursts out laughing with the title I've given our father, and he and Leroy shout back in unison. "Aye, aye captain!" Felix chuckles and wraps his arms around my waist, leaning down and resting his head on my shoulder. "Aren't you a little old to be playing pirates with your brothers Mags?" I turn and give him a glare. "Never. And that's captain Mags to you." He smiles and gives me a quick kiss. "I'm going to help Leroy dock the boat, he hasn't got the hang of it quite yet." I agree quickly. "Yes please do, if we get another scratch on this old thing my father will kill us." He quickly walks to the helm and helps Leroy steer the ship into the docks. Having nothing to do, Will skips over to me, his dark brown curls falling around his ears and slightly over his face. His bright blue eyes peek out from several locks and he gives me a smile. "Mags, could you show me what you got down on the reef?" He's using his baby voice, and I fix him with a glare. "Young cabin boy, I told you that I would show you the treasure when we reached lord Vern's manor." Will giggles and salutes. "Aye, aye captain. Any chance you snagged a surprise for me?" I can't help smiling as I wave him away. "Be off with you! I'll show you what I've got in due time." He scurries off to watch Felix and Leroy, leaving me alone by the rail. I look out towards the horizon, and smile as I see the dark clouds quickly building over the sea and blowing towards district four. My father can always tell when the storms are coming, and by the looks of this one it's a good thing he sent Felix to get us. Within the next minute we are standing on the dock finishing tying up the boat, once we're done Leroy and Will run ahead. "Stay in sight!" I call after them, as Felix and I follow. Our hands our linked together, and we walk at a reasonable pace towards the poorer part of town where our small house sits calmly at the base of a large dune. It had been my mother and father's first and only house, they had always had enough to eat, but weren't wealthy enough to afford certain luxury's in life. Now with three growing children to take care of, my father works long shifts as ships doctor on the large fishing barges. I do what I can to help out, cleaning the houses for the richer families in the district, mending and making nets to