Hello everyone! So here we are! I hope you readers from "Underestimated" are now reading the sequel. I mean...you could just stop reading about Mags once you finished Underestimated, but where's the fun in that? If you haven't checked out Underestimated, I recommend you do that, otherwise characters and events referenced in this story might confuse you. So this is the sequel, you can find "Underestimated" on my profile :) All the readers that have stuck with me through thick and thin, filler chapters, writers block, chapters that shouldn't have been written but needed to be, plot twists, heartbreak, and laughs, I hope you enjoy the sequel just as much! I shall remind you once again that reviews are always asked for, and I absolutely love to hear your ideas, thoughts, or helpful critic! If you are just going to hate or rage in a review, I would recommend not. If you don't like the story, just don't read it! You don't have to display your rage in an angry review for everyone to see and to make me feel bad. I write to the best of my ability to make the story a good one, and to create a tale that you can get attached to. I'm sorry if it's not your type or if you dislike something about it, but I would ask that instead of getting worked up about it, just stop reading. (hopefully none of you think that way but you never know :P) So anyway! Here is the first chapter! *squeal* Sorry, I'm just excited! Chapter One: Rehabilitation is a slow process. I stand on the rolling deck of one of the few three-masted ships that is still able to sail. I know my father and Leroy are behind me, but my attention is focused on the small pine box decorated with flowers that is resting on a table close to the railing. I expected tears when I would have to say goodbye for the last time to Will, but I find myself feeling cold, and detached. I stare blankly as some people say a few words, my father and Leroy among them. When I'm asked if I want to say anything, I just shake my head. What am I supposed to say? Will I'm sorry I failed and you died? I don't think so. Instead I just walk forward, and stand beside the box, looking down at the picture they have set against the coffin. Will's dark curls are flying everywhere like they always did, his blue eyes intensified by the camera, they have a twinkle in them, bright with the joy of life. He's smiling, and I remember the day the picture was taken...his twelveth birthday. He was so excited that we were able to buy a cheep camera, and he insisted on getting his picture taken first. I turn as I feel a hand on my shoulder, Leroy has tear streaks down his face, and his eyes are red from crying. I put my arm around him, and take a deep breath. I look down at my hand, and rub my thumb against the smooth surface of the gold pirate coin I found the day before the reaping. I was going to surprise Will with it, he was obsessed with pirates, and ancient ships. After a few moments of silence, the pall bearers step forward to give Will the burial he requested. They lift the coffin up, and solemnly wait until the captain of the ship gives the signal. There's a moment of silence before the coffin hits the ocean, and then the crew slowly start singing an old farewell ballad. I look over the railing at the water, and see the coffin slowly sinking down. "Mags!" I sit up so fast in bed my head spins, and I gasp. Convincing myself that Will's cry was only part of the dream. I look down and see that I was clutching the gold coin so tightly in my hand that it left an impression on my palm. I'm covered in a cold sweat and I can feel the terrible ache in my chest that comes from suppressed grief. I push the covers off my legs, and slide my feet onto the floor. Our new house in Victors village is huge, and we've been living in it for the past four months, but it still doesn't feel like home. I wonder if anywhere will ever feel like home again. My feet make no sound on the hardwood floor as I creep out of my bedroom and quietly descend the stairs. I know that the walls are sound cancelling, but I'm still extra careful as I cross the living room and open the front door. I slip out into the cool night air, and take a deep breath. It doesn't take me long to reach the shore, and once my feet touch the sand, I pause for a moment, soaking in the sensations of the breeze, the sand beneath my feet, and the sound of the ocean. I walk straight forward, not stopping until I'm in the water up to my waist. I rub my thumb over the surface of the coin, which hasn't left me since I arrived home. I'm still clinging on to something, the coin is my last connection to Will. I look down at it, and feel tears finally well in my eyes. I stretch my arm back, and fling the coin into the air. It glints in the moonlight before landing silently in the water. I stare at the spot that it landed for a long time, finally walking back to the beach, and wandering around on the sand for a while. I end up drifting back into town, and walk through the abandoned streets, ending up standing in front of our old house, staring at the front door. I finally walk up the porch steps and open the front door, closing it behind me quietly. I stand in the entranceway, the house dark and empty, but the memories are flooding through me, and I see visions of happy days spent with my family. I wander through the rooms, reliving my childhood, which is far from over now. I end up in my brothers old bedroom, sitting on Will's bed. I finally break down and start sobbing, rocking back and forth as I start shaking. "I'm sorry...I'm so sorry...I'm sorry...It's all my fault...I failed you...I'm sorry..." I slowly become conscious again, and the first thing that registers is something warm and sticky covering my hand. I open my eyes and sit up, my head pounding I rub my forehead and wince as I smear whatever is on my hands across my face. I hold my hand in front of me and when my eyes adjust I gasp, staring at my hand in disbelief. It's covered in blood. I frown as I glance down and see a slim dagger gripped in my other hand, the blade still stained red. I drop it as if it was a snake, and slide away from it. I stand up, sway and almost fall over, dizzy from blood loss. I'm scared and disoriented, as I try to find where exactly I've been wounded. I feel sick as I look down at my arm and see what the knife did to me. Traced onto my arm are the initials of every tribute from my games alongside their District. It's hard to see them because of all the blood, but I slowly look over each mark. R1: Ruby. C1: Champion. S2: Suzan. B2: Burk. R3: Rosa. M3: Milo. W4: Will. B5: Betty. N5: Nick. W6: Wilma. H6: Harry. P7: Patricia. T7: Troy. L8: Lola. V8: Vince. H9: Hyacinth. E9: Edward. M10: Melinda. S10: Steel. E11: Elizabeth. S11: Steven. A12: Abigail. A12: Aspen. On my arm the scrawled initials and District numbers look savage and barbaric. I know that I've lost a lot of blood, and I'm losing more by the minute, but my brain seems to have stopped functioning properly. I back up until my back hits the wall and I slide to the floor, staring at the blood slowly seeping out of my arm, sliding down to my fingertips and dripping off onto the floor. Through the corner of my eye I see the first ray of dawn peaking through the window. I must have been blacked out longer than I thought. What feels like a lifetime later, I hear the front door burst open and a frantic shout. "Mags!" I remain motionless, my mouth seems to be fused shut. "Mags!" Footsteps up the stairs, and a moment later the door slams open and I slowly look up, tears running down my cheeks. "Mags..." Felix's voice is laced with a mixture of relief and worry. Father must have discovered I was missing and asked him to look for me. "Felix...I...I don't know what happened." I stammer as he slowly crouches in front of me. He gently takes my hands and turns my arm, pain creasing his brow as he sees the damage. "Oh Mags..." My shoulders shake as I begin to cry. "He's gone Felix, he's gone and it hurts so much I can hardly breathe. He's never coming back...and it's all my fault." He pulls me into his arms and holds me, slowly rocking me back and forth. "It's not your fault Mags. You can't keep blaming yourself...you can't keep punishing yourself." "I don't know what's wrong with me...I don't remember anything...I didn't want to hurt myself." I bury my head in his neck and clutch the front of his shirt tightly. "I don't think I can take it anymore Felix...I feel so tired, and worn, and there's this weight on my chest all the time and it's crushing me. I can't breathe, I can't sleep, I feel like I'm just going to explode." I'm sobbing now, and his arms have grown tighter around me. "Mags...it's not your fault, you need to let go. Will wanted you to be happy." "I know, but he knew I couldn't...not without him." The sobs have finally stopped, and now I'm just sitting on his lap, my head resting against his chest. He's slowly brushing a hand down my hair soothingly, his cheek resting on my head. "You can. Do you remember when you first got home? Do you remember how you felt?" I nod slowly. "Do you remember how happy you were when you saw me?" I nod again. "Right, you were happy. That's what Will wanted for you, he wanted you to live your life." He places a kiss on my temple, and lifts me in his arms. "Come on, I'm going to take you home." I grab his arm tightly. "No! Please...don't take me back. The new house..." I trail off, and he nods. "Okay..." I close my eyes as he takes me outside. I don't open my eyes again until I hear a door open, and Felix sets me down in a chair. We're at his house, a small, cozy bungalow type right on the beach. He set me in on a chair in the living room. "I'm going to get something to clean you up okay?" I nod, and curl up on the chair, holding my arm in my lap so I won't get any blood on the chair. He returns in a minute with a large bowl full of warm water and a dishcloth. He crouches in front of me and gently takes my arm, holding it over the bowl as he washes the blood off. "Sorry, this might sting." I shake my head. "It doesn't hurt..." The arena has majorly boosted my pain tolerance, I don't feel anything on my arm except a vague sting. Once Felix cleans off all the blood, he gets a roll of bandages, and carefully wraps my arm from the elbow to the wrist. He ties off the bandage and then kisses my hand. "Come on, let's