AN: Spring is already here? Where has the time gone? I want to thank everyone that responded about the characters, especially Callista and Tess. I already have some ideas brewing in my head, but first I wanted to get this story out there. I hope you read, review, and as always, enjoy! ~Emmettroselover Chapter 1 The square in Porto Rotondo sparkled with white light and bustled with life as twilight made way to night. The cafés and bistros were full and the aroma of baked goods and fine wine swirled around Josh and Natalie as they made their way to the docks overlooking the water. The city lights and moon reflected off the Tyrrhenian Sea, creating a serene ambiance around the couple. Natalie took in a deep breath as she closed her eyes. "I love the smell of the water here. This place is so beautiful," said Natalie and Josh nodded with a smile as he looked out at the water. "You should see Isola Marcime then. It is definitely beautiful. My favorite island is thousands of miles away though. I think you would like the island Zach and his family live on too. You should come check it out with me," he suggested as he slipped his hand into hers. She sighed and shook her head. "Josh, we have been over this…." "Then let's go over it again because I don't understand why you don't want to leave Italy." "It has nothing to do with Italy." "Then what is it? Is it me?" She glanced down at their intertwined fingers. "The past week has been amazing. I have had an amazing time with you, acting like tourists in Rome and shopping in Florence. You know how to impress a woman…." "What is the problem then?" "The problem is that this isn't my life. I don't do things like this. I live in a catacomb and spend my days transferring funds to the less fortunate all over the world. Having someone spend hundreds of dollars on a designer jacket for me isn't normal." "It is a great jacket and you said you liked it." "I love it," she assured as she played with the zipper of the leather jacket he bought her. He cupped her cheek in his palm and she leaned into his touch. "So why does it feel like you are about to break up with me?" "I can't break up with someone I am not even with." He winced at the words and took a step back from her. "I see. I thought we were connecting, but I guess I was wrong," he said as he turned to leave, but she grabbed his hand. "Josh, wait, I didn't mean it like that. I just don't know where this is going, okay? I don't know what this even is. I have spent the past years of my life trying to survive each day. Now I am out in the open and trying to understand what is happening between us. This is new for me." "It is new for me too." She smirked. "Really, so I am your first girlfriend," she challenged and he gulped. "Well, no, but I know I want you to be my last. I want you to be my forever." He slipped his hand into hers again and she let out a shaky breath. The sensation that surged through her from the contact made her body buzz. "You are so sure of us, but I need more time. Everything is moving so fast and I don't understand why it feels like this. I need time to process what is happening between us." "Okay, maybe asking you to jet across the world to the states is too much too soon, but what about hopping in a yacht and taking a fifteen minute ride to Isola Marcime with me? My family is there. Zach and Allie are there and…." "The Volturi are there and I am not ready to face them yet. I understand you think they are different now, but I still broke their rules and I doubt they have changed enough to let that go." "They have and they will because you are with me now. You are off limits and they know that." "What does that even mean? You keep saying that I am safe from them because of you, but how can you be sure of that?" "Because you are my imprint," he blurted out. "Imprint, what, is that some type of code name the Volturi and your family uses?" "No, it isn't a Volturi thing or even a vampire thing. It is a wolf thing, a Quileute thing to be exact. When a wolf finds their imprint, that person becomes their world. The wolf will do anything to protect them. You are my imprint. I know you felt it when our eyes met in Genoa. Everything changed in that moment and now I am forever connected to you." "Connected how," she questioned. "That part is up to you. I can be your friend, your protector, or….maybe even your mate." "I am guessing that is what you want since we have spent so much time together lately, to be my mate," she added and he nodded with a smile. He kissed her fingertips gently. "Yes, I do," he whispered. "And I am the one that has to decide that? Don't you get a say in what we are?" "It is mainly your decision." "That doesn't sound fair for either one of us. What if you didn't want to be around me?" "That isn't how it works. The moment I saw you, I knew I would be connected to you forever. Now you have to decide what that connection means to you." "No pressure there," she grumbled and he chuckled. "Yea, I know it isn't exactly ideal. Trust me, I know." "Can I have some time to think about it?" "Of course, I just wanted you to get to know me a bit better before I told you." "I need to go hunt." "Want some company," he asked, but she quickly shook her head. "No, I need the time to think. It isn't every day you are told you have to decide how someone will connect with you for eternity. What if it is too much for me and I don't want that burden?" He looked down and shoved his hands into his pockets. "Then I would respect your decision and walk away. It would hurt like hell, but I would do that for you," he conceded and she slowly nodded. She took off the leather jacket. "Here, I can't keep this," she said, but he shook his head. "I want you to have it. It looks amazing on you. You are my imprint. The least I can do is buy you a jacket." She put the jacket back on and kissed his cheek. "I am not saying no to whatever this is. I am just saying I need time to think." "I can give you time," he assured. She ran her hands through his hair and gave him a small smile. "Thanks, I will call you later." He sighed as she headed back toward the square, leaving him behind. He could already feel the ache from the distance, but tried to ignore it as he hopped onto the yacht he borrowed from Marcus and Didyme. He revved the engine and darted out of the marina as fast as he could. Fifteen minutes later, Josh arrived on the island and entered the villa he was sharing with his parents. Leah smiled and hugged him in greeting when she saw her son, but her smile faded when she sensed his despair. "Bad day," she asked as she followed him into the kitchen and he smirked. "The opposite really, fantastic day, just a crappy end to it. I really don't get her, mom. You know, a part of me thought that imprinting would make this whole process easier, but it isn't." He opened the refrigerator door in search of something to eat and Leah giggled. "Since when does imprinting make anything easier," she teased and he chuckled. "Yea, I guess you have a point. It just makes things even more complicated," he grumbled as he closed the refrigerator door. "Your dad made some steaks. I am glad you are here because now you can join us for a nice dinner on the patio as a family. Come on," she encouraged and he begrudgingly nodded as he followed her outside. Jacob gave him a sympathetic smile as Josh plopped down in his chair. Jacob placed a plate of food in front of him. "I am sorry it isn't working out how you want it to, son," said Jacob. Josh took a bite of his steak. "You know what the warped part is? I am not even sure how much I want it to work out. The wolfy gene has me obsessed with her, but there is a nagging voice in my head that sounds an awful lot like Z." "Your conscience sounds like Zach? I guess there are worse options. Mine sounds like your mother," informed Jacob and Leah playfully glared at him. "What if she does want me to be her mate and then I have to obey her every command?" "It doesn't work like that," assured Leah. "Are you sure, mom? Last time I checked, Natalie is on Most Wanted Lists all over the world. What if she wants me to break into government buildings or banks with her? What if she doesn't want me to hang out with Zach or the others?" "Josh, that isn't going to happen. I have an imprint and have never worried about that," assured Jacob. "Dad, your imprint is Renesmee. The worst she would do is ask you to take her to the bookstore. My imprint happens to be a criminal." "There was a time when Renesmee was at the top of the Volturi's list, so don't think I had the easiest time when I imprinted," said Jacob. "And that pesky being in love with her mother thing," reminded Leah before taking a sip of her wine and Jacob rolled his eyes. "I will ignore your lack of support since it actually makes my point for me. Imprinting is complicated, but not impossible. Whether she knows it or not, Natalie is connected with you too. She doesn't want to see you hurt," informed Jacob and Leah nodded in agreement. "Your father is right. I am just teasing him because, well, why not? The truth of the matter is…and trust me, I cannot believe I am actually saying this….it is a good thing you imprinted on a vampire," she revealed and Jacob almost choked on his mashed potatoes. Josh eyed his mother suspiciously. "Okay, who are you and what have you done with my mother," asked Josh and Leah rolled her eyes. "I am serious. Vampire mates are powerful and even if Natalie doesn't want to admit it, there is a reason why she is responding to you the way she has. She came back because of you. The two of you have spent the past week together and have been inseparable. That's a mate thing by vampire standards. She knows deep down that she is connected with you and she can fight that, but it will not last long. Soon she is going to realize that she can't do anything to make you truly unhappy because mates are protective and possessive of each other," explained Leah and Josh frowned in confusion. "How exactly do you know all of this?" "Rose told me, but it isn't exactly rocket science. We are surrounded by mates. You know how it works too, so don't sell yourself short. I might not like Natalie. Rose also pointed out to me that I don't know Natalie, but the point is that I know what mates look like. You and Natalie are off to the same