AN: It is February 2016! I can't believe how quickly time is flying by. I also can't believe that this story is the 27th story in the Choice Series. I am amazed by how many people have read these stories, continue to read these stories, and want more of these stories. Thank you to everyone out there still following along and for all of the reviews. I hope you continue to give me feedback about the stories because it really does help. What do you like? What do you want more of in the series? What characters are you mainly interested in? Sorry it has taken me a few months to get this one out there, but hopefully it is worth the wait. Here is Joshua's Choice II, read, review, and of course, enjoy! Chapter 1 Carlisle smiled smugly at Marcus as he watched him try to figure out a move to successfully escape the trap Carlisle set his king up for in their chess game. The two of them were relaxing in the study of Marcus's mansion on Isola Marcime while the rest of Carlisle's family enjoyed their time in Italy. Marcus gave the chess board one last scan before knocking down his king in defeat. "You have gotten better at this," said Marcus and Carlisle chuckled. "I get plenty of practice between all the members of my family. Zach enjoys playing now as well." "Your family is quite impressive. The more time I spend with all of you, the more I see just how close you are. Aro only saw your family as chess pieces, leaving you as the king, but you are so much more than that. I am proud to be considered a friend to all of you." "You are a wonderful friend to us as well. Thank you for allowing us and the Denalis to stay on the island for a bit longer. I hope we are not overstaying our welcome." Marcus waved him off. "It has barely been a week, Carlisle. Stay as long as you like. Didyme and I love the company." "I am surprised that you are still here and not back in Volterra by now." "Didyme prefers it here and so do I. It is much more peaceful," informed Marcus as he looked out the window. He smiled when he saw his mate parking her yacht by the dock. "It looks like our wives are back and with more shopping bags," said Marcus. "This is their third trip this week. How many more clothes can they buy," asked Carlisle. "I believe this trip was for your children and grandchildren." "Aw yes, my wife loves to dote over the kids, especially her grandchildren. Most of those clothes are probably for Allie. Esme wants to make sure she feels welcomed as the newest addition to the family." "And what an addition she is, your family never ceases to amaze me. I was in awe after Bella and Renesmee joined, but with Zach and now Allie, it seems you continue to outdo yourself. She is quite a remarkable newborn. I have never seen anything like it. If not for her red eyes, I would think she had been around for years." "I didn't think it was possible, but she is quite astonishing. She still has some newborn tendencies, like her thirst and temper, but she manages them both quite well. Come, let us help our mates with their bags," suggested Carlisle as he stood up and Marcus followed him outside to greet their mates. Carlisle chuckled when he saw the amount of bags Esme had and she winked at him. "With all the hunting Allie does, she is going to need more clothes," defended Esme and Carlisle kissed her tenderly. "Who am I to disagree with you, my love? I did miss you today," greeted Carlisle. Marcus kissed his wife and grabbed her bags, but suddenly his phone rang. He sighed when he saw who it was. "We must take this. It is Alexander. We are due for an update," said Marcus. "Tomorrow we should go to the jewelry store we passed, Esme. Shopping with you is quite fun and I look forward to another trip. Excuse us," said Didyme before departing with Marcus. Carlisle followed his mate to their villa and she giggled as he tossed the bags on the couch and pulled her into his arms. "I have missed you," he whispered in her ear. "I have missed you as well. The kids are off hunting, Renesmee, Nahuel, Kaya, and Seth are having dinner with Roman and Iris, Jacob and Leah are seeing a show in Porto Rotondo, and Zach, Allie, and Josh will not be back until later tonight," she informed and he smiled. "Then how about we enjoy our quiet time," he suggested and she happily nodded. Allie smiled as she peered out at the otherworldly view of Lake Geneva and the mountains in the distance. She was still amazed at how clearly she could see as a vampire and loved being able to experience life through brand new eyes. The light bounced off the water and the moon hung high as the sound of the city and music swirled around her. After spending two nights in Rome with Zach and Josh, the trio headed to Switzerland for more sightseeing. They enjoyed running through the mountains that lined the border of Italy and Switzerland and found themselves in Geneva by nightfall. The Monte Cristo was the liveliest club in the city and the view from the rooftop dance floor was stunning. Zach wrapped his arms around his mate and she leaned into his embrace as he nuzzled her neck. "Having fun," he asked and she happily nodded as she turned to face him with a bright smile. "How could I not? Yesterday, I was in Rome. Today, I got to run through the mountains, shop in Geneva, and am dancing the night away with you. This cannot be my life," she giggled. "It is, nayeli. I am just happy my parents decided to give us more freedom so we could go off on our own for a while. Thanks for letting Josh tag along with us. I know you and I had plans of traveling Europe alone, but we can save that for the honeymoon." "I am having a lot of fun. I thought Josh would be too busy sulking over Callista to enjoy himself, but he seems to be embracing his status as an eligible bachelor," said Allie as she glanced back at the dance floor. Zach chuckled and nodded as he watched Josh dance with three women. "He is definitely having a good time. We should get going soon though. We promised my parents we would spend our last days in Italy with them. We can hunt on the way back. There isn't much on Mont Blanc, but we should find something as we head south." "Don't worry about me. The hunt after we left Rome was great. Do you think we are going to be able to pry Josh away?" "We should be able to. I think the humans are getting a bit too handsy for him," teased Zach and Allie laughed as they made their way through the crowd. Josh jumped as one of the women pinched his backside and fell into his arms. The alcohol on her breath made him cringe. "Okay, ladies, I hate to love and leave you, but I must. Have a good night," he called over the loud music as he stepped away from the crowd of women. They started to hand their phone numbers to him, but he shook his head and smiled politely. "It has been a blast, but I am heading back to America soon. Thanks, bye," he called again. One of the women grabbed his hand and rubbed her body against his seductively. His eyes widened as her hand ran down his body. "Then let me send you off properly," she whispered in his ear and he gulped. "Al, a little help," he whispered as Allie and Zach made their way over to him. Allie rolled her eyes, but decided to appease him. She grabbed Josh's other hand and pulled him over to her. The woman turned to protest, but was silent as Allie arched a challenging eyebrow at her. The brown contacts shielded humans from her red, newborn eyes, but her glare was still quite intimidating to the humans around them. "He is with me," she called over the music and the woman immediately let go of Josh. He sighed in relief and waved goodbye to the women. "Thanks for the dance," he chuckled and followed Allie and Zach out of the club. Josh sighed in relief when they made it down to the street and started walking toward the outskirts of the city. "Thanks, Al. Z, you were so right about human girls," said Josh and Allie quirked an eyebrow at her mate. "What exactly did you say about human girls," she questioned and Zach laughed nervously. "Well, of course besides you, nayeli, a lot of human girls tend to lack subtlety and maturity in my experiences with them. Take Courtney, for example, you didn't exactly love the way she interacted with me," he defended and Allie let out a low hiss as she thought about the human girl from his high school. "Yes, Courtney, the ugly scarf giver, she certainly could not take a hint," agreed Allie. "You should have seen her when they first met. She was all over him," laughed Josh and Allie stopped in her tracks. "Really," she asked and Zach covered Josh's mouth. "He is exaggerating, nayeli. Besides, it is in the past. You and I found each other and that is all that matters. So J, you seemed to be enjoying the human girls until it was time to leave." "Yea, but that was just for fun, you know? I am kind of tired of all the superficial stuff and dating can be exhausting. I mean look at my track record, Callista, Nina…." "Tesla," added Allie and Zach guffawed. "You can't add, Tess. They never dated and they aren't even into each other, right, J," said Zach, but his eyes widened when Josh was silent. Allie smiled knowingly at Josh. "You seemed quite cozy with her at Sofi and Caleb's wedding and she didn't seem to mind it," said Allie and Josh blushed. "She didn't, right? I am not crazy. She did like dancing with me and she laughed at my jokes…." Zach stepped in front of both of them. "Whoa, whoa, whoa, you cannot be serious right now! Tess is….well she is….Tess! You can't date Tess," exclaimed Zach and Allie eyed him curiously. "Why can't he? Unless of course, you think she should be off limits because of your past with her. What past was that again," challenged Allie and Zach gulped. "There isn't a past," he defended. "There was a kiss….and all the gifts….and coming to your defense at the summit….plus, coming to help with me and Callista…." listed Josh and Zach huffed. "You aren't helping, Josh," warned Zach and Josh shrugged. "Well now I am curious. Is she off limits to me? Am I breaking bro code if I date her," questioned Josh as he crossed his arms. "Yea, is he," questioned Allie as she crossed her arms as well. Zach glanced back and forth at the two of them as they waited for his answer. He racked his mind for an answer and waved them off. "Of course not, I just don't see the point, you haven't imprinted on her and…." "What if I don't imprint? What if my true love isn't supposed to be someone I imprint on, just like it wasn't for my parents," asked Josh and Zach groaned. "I don't want to have this conversation anymore. Wolfy genes are too complicated. Why can't you just find someone and know, like with vampires?