AN: It is June?! Seriously? It is officially summer break for me and you know what that means. Story time! I kept a lot of your suggestions in mind and want to thank everyone that reviewed and messaged me feedback. It really does help to know what you enjoy reading. So here is the new story. Read, review, and please enjoy! ~Emmettroselover Chapter 1 Zach and Josh groaned as Seth hopped off the couch and started to do a celebratory dance of victory in front of them. The three of them were playing video games in Zach and Allie's cottage while their mates were shopping. Josh tossed his controller onto the coffee table and slouched down on the couch in a pout. "That's not fair. I was distracted," whined Josh and Zach nodded in agreement. "Yea, I thought Allie was calling me, but it was just Aunt Alice." "Again," added Josh and Seth shrugged with a smug smile as he sat back down on the couch. "Aw, are you two missing your mates," he cooed and they rolled their eyes. "I know you aren't teasing anyone, big bro. You and Kaya are attached at the hip. I am surprised she isn't here right now," teased Zach. "Well she was invited by mom and Leah to go shopping. Besides, she apparently wants to buy her own dress for the party. I don't know why. I kind of like having Alice pick my clothes for me. It saves me the trouble," explained Seth. "That's because you don't have any fashion sense of your own," said Josh and Seth smirked. "I might not spend hours in front of the mirror obsessing over my hair, but I know how to look good, little nephew." "Yea, J, you really have to deal with that problem. The first step is admitting you have one," teased Zach. "I think he has gotten worse since he imprinted," said Seth and Zach nodded with a chuckle. "He has and tonight is going to be even worse since he has to get ready for their big date," cooed Zach as Josh pouted even more. "I do not take forever to get ready," he grumbled and they each gave him a look. "Fine, maybe I do, but perfection takes time, especially tonight. It is my first official date with Natalie and I want it to be the best date she has ever had." "She has spent most of her years as a vampire in a catacomb, I am pretty sure the bar is set pretty low," informed Seth. "Thanks for the confidence boost," pouted Josh. "I think what he is trying to say is that you don't need to do much to impress her. She loves you, so don't go overboard. If anything, it would overwhelm her, not impress her," advised Zach. "Besides, she is your imprint. You two are connected like I am connected to Kaya. Trust me. It will go well because it will feel natural to be together. You could take her on the worst date ever and she would still love you." "You know, Uncle Seth, you sure do have a way of not helping when you are trying to be helpful," said Josh and Seth winked at him. "All I am saying is don't worry so much. You will be just fine. Now, as fun as it is to whoop up on you two, I am needed at the house. The pack will be here tomorrow and I am going to help Esme prepare." "Oh, you mean you are going to make sure Esme sets aside a stash of cookies for you before the pack arrives," said Zach and Seth ruffled his hair. "You know it," chuckled Seth. "Uncle Seth, aren't you too old to still be so obsessed with cookies? I am pretty sure most people outgrow needing their grandma to coddle them with sweets." Seth smirked and stood up. "Oh good, then that means you won't want any or the birthday cake she is making you. I will be sure to tell her that. See you boys later," called Seth as he walked toward the door. "Wait, I never said that. Uncle Seth, that's not what I…." Seth exited the cottage and closed the door before Josh could finish. Zach's booming laugh filled the living room as Josh jumped to his feet and ran to the door to open it again. "Tell her I want extra frosting, please," shouted Josh and Seth shook his head as he laughed. Josh closed the door and walked into the kitchen. "Teasing him about his cookies is like teasing you about your hair. Too easy and yet always amusing," said Zach. "He is so sensitive about those cookies. It is ridiculous. I mean really," said Josh as he walked back into the living room with a bag of cookies in his hand. He plopped down on the couch and Zach quirked an eyebrow at him. "What," asked Josh as Zach rolled his eyes. "You mean those cookies?" "For the record, these are my cookies. Esme made me a special batch for my birthday week. Plus, I never said the cookies were not delicious. I said he is too sensitive about them," clarified Josh. "Allie used to love them too. I wonder if she misses food. She seems to love caribou though. She did the funniest thing while we were hunting last week….." "Let me stop you right there and remind you that we promised to keep our mate talk to a minimum. We have the place to ourselves for best bro time. This is what we wanted. While the mates are away, the bros will play," declared Josh. "Right, totally, they are off doing their thing and we can finally have some time together," agreed Zach with a firm nod as they did their handshake. Suddenly their phones buzzed and they scrambled to grab them. Zach beamed with happiness when he saw a picture of Allie in a deep red dress. "That's the one. She knows I love her in red," said Zach as he texted his reply and Josh sighed dreamily. "I can't believe they got her to go dress shopping. Dark green is my girl's color, so beautiful," boasted Josh. They glanced at each other and quickly put down their phones. Josh cleared his throat. "I mean, cool, they got their dresses for the party. No big deal, let's finish the game." "Yea, let's finish the game. I can call Allie later." "Right, it has only been a few hours since they left." "Exactly, four hours, twenty-two minutes, and 38 seconds is nothing," assured Zach. They sat there in silence for a moment longer glancing at their phones before Josh threw his hands up in exasperation. "This is ridiculous! What is wrong with us," exclaimed Josh and Zach shrugged. "I miss my fiancée. I am not ashamed of that. You are the one that has to be strong in order to save face." "Save face, I don't need to save face." Zach scoffed. "J, you pretty much called me a traitor and went out of your way to make me feel bad when Allie was turned all because I wanted to spend time with my mate. Now you know what it is like, but you don't want to admit that you rather be spending time with Natalie than with me right now." "That is ridiculous and I am offended at your accusation and your tone! I happen to be enjoying myself. If you are missing your mate and want to see her instead of spending epic best bro time with me, then maybe we aren't as close as we used to be," said Josh as he jutted out his chin. Zach smiled slyly at him. "You want to race the yachts to Victoria and wait for them?" Josh pumped his fist. "Yay! Let me go get changed," he called as he jogged into his room and Zach groaned. "If you take more than ten minutes, I am leaving you," warned Zach. Rosalie handed Leah another pair of shoes as the two of them sat in a popular boutique in Victoria. "Get these for Natalie," suggested Rosalie and Leah frowned in confusion. "Why?" "It will be a way for you to break the ice and talk." "That's not necessary. We talk plenty," assured Leah, but Rosalie smirked. "You are civil, but you don't talk. Leah, she is going to be in your life and your son's so you should get to know the girl." "I know her." "You know of her. There is a difference and you know it. Allie and I spoke more on the trip over here than you and Natalie have spoken since you met her." "I am not a talker." "Since when, I can't seem to get you to shut up?" "We are friends. It is different. She is my son's….his…you know." "His mate, say it, Leah. Natalie is Josh's imprint and mate. I thought you were happy about that." "I am happy for Josh. I know he has wanted to find her for a very long time and they deserve their happiness together." "But," asked Rosalie and Leah shrugged. "No but ." "Oh with you there is always a but , so please enlighten me. Why are you keeping your distance?" "I am not keeping my distance. Now, if you will excuse me, I am going to get something to eat while you finish trying on shoes," she informed as Kaya walked over to them with three boxes of shoes. "I have a pair for me, Renesmee, and even managed to find Bella some. I am on a roll," announced Kaya with a bright smile and Leah sighed. "I am hungry. Do you want anything from the food court," asked Leah. "No thanks, I will wait to eat with Seth," said Kaya. Leah hurried out of the store as Rosalie sighed. "What's going on," asked Kaya. Before Rosalie could respond, her phone rang. She cursed under her breath when she saw her sister's number flashing on the screen. She ignored the call and shook her head as Kaya giggled. "You know Alice is just going to call you right back," warned Kaya. "And she knows that I will not answer. I told her we were going shopping and even invited her, but she is determined to finish the invitations for the wedding by tonight." "It is only July. She has plenty of time to get the invitations out." "Tell that to the pixie. She is in rare form," said Rosalie as her phone started to ring again. She smiled when she saw it was Bella and answered. "Hey, feeling guilty that you didn't come shopping with us and instead made poor Kaya buy you some shoes," asked Rosalie. "You have to talk to Allie about this purple motif for the wedding. I know it is her favorite color, but this is just absurd! Red is classic and works so well with the tuxedo I am designing for Zach. Why can't she just choose red now? She even had the audacity to ask me to combine red and purple in the motif. They clash! How does she not know they…." "Alice, why do you have Bella's phone?" "Because I knew you wouldn't answer my calls. It is your son's wedding. You would think you would be more cooperative! I borrowed Bella's phone to make sure you would answer and….." "Stole, she stole my phone, Rose," shouted Bella in the background and Rosalie giggled. "Alice, why are you making this difficult on everyone? You already saw the vision of the wedding, so what are you rambling about now? Was the theme in the vision red or purple?" "It was red, but I don't know how that decision was made because Asa is still impeding my visions on certain paths. I resent her so much for that, by the way. I already know the big