AN: Time keeps blurring by and I cannot believe it is already about to be summer! Thank you to all the readers and followers. Your reviews and messages about the Choice Series have really been appreciated. I plan on posting another story quite soon to follow this one, so if you do not already follow my author's profile, this is the time to start. Here is the next story and I hope you enjoy! Chapter 1 Zach smiled over at Allie as they drove down the coast to their secret spot at Cape Flattery. The temperature outside was warm for mid-March and the couple decided to take advantage of the weather. The sun had not made an appearance all day, but Alice assured Zach that would change for a couple of hours later on. He chuckled as he watched his mate sing along to the music blaring from his stereo and dance in her seat. "Someone is in a good mood," he teased and she sighed happily. "When was the last time we got to come up here? Between the rain and then the snow and then the rain again, we haven't had a chance." "It does seem like it has been a while, probably because this is one of the only places we can go to be completely alone." "Which is yet another reason why I love it," she giggled as they parked in their usual spot by the trail. Allie sighed happily as the smell of the ocean swirled around her. Zach grabbed the blankets and bag they packed, before slipping his hand into hers to start down the trail. By the time they reached their destination, the sun's rays began to seep through the clouds and sparkle against his skin. He placed the thick heating blanket on the ground and Allie turned on their favorite playlist of music. He grabbed another blanket and pulled it over them as he sat down, chuckling as she instantly attacked his neck with lingering kisses. "I was about to ask if you were hungry, but this works too," he chuckled as she straddled his waist and winked at him. "Trust me food is the last thing on my mind. There is no wolf pack, no parents, and no vampires with super hearing listening in on us. I plan on taking advantage of our time together," she informed and he moaned as their lips meshed in a tender kiss. They became lost in one another as their passion consumed them, but Zach pulled away when her hands slid under his shirt and up to his chest. Allie smiled sheepishly as he took in a shaky breath to regain composure. "Sorry, I know we have to go slow," she assured. "The problem is that I don't want to go slow. I love kissing you and the way you touch me. It's just sometimes it is hard for me to control myself around you and I have to pull back a bit." "I don't exactly want to go slow either, which was never an issue for me before. I have always been the one telling the guy to slow down, so this is a role reversal to say the least." Zach arched an eyebrow at her. "How many guys?" "Oh don't even try it, Cullen. I saw the way all those women looked at you at the Christmas party. I may not have vampire memory, but this little human remembers how many of those women would have loved to be in my position." "I was never intimate with any of those women." "And I was never intimate with any of those guys, wait do you think I have…." The words caught in her throat, causing her to blush. Zach averted his eyes as he spoke up. "I just….well I figured that….since you were in California and in college…I…" He groaned and scrubbed his face with his hands as he tried to convey his thoughts on the awkward topic. "You assumed since I was in college, I wasn't a virgin," she stated and if he was human, he would be blushing. "It isn't a big deal to me. I just didn't know how to bring it up. You being more experienced than me is fine. I mean Tess was way more experienced. I mean way, way…" "Funny how you bring her up when you are talking about sex," she grumbled. "I am just saying that older women…." "Older?" "Not older, well you are older than me, but you aren't old…." "And he wonders why the age difference annoys me," she mumbled to herself as she plopped back onto the blanket and stared up at the sky. He growled in frustration. "None of this is coming out the way I want it to, which shouldn't be a surprise because every time I am around you, I can't seem to think. There is so much I want to say, but I don't know how to," he confessed and she sighed as she ran a hand through his soft, curly hair. "Zach, I love you. You can talk to me about anything, no matter how awkward it might be. I guess I should just put you out of your misery and start the conversation. I am a virgin. When I was in high school, I didn't date because I wasn't interested in anyone on the rez and my friends would have judged me for dating an outsider. When I got to Stanford, I knew I was ready, but I wasn't just going to sleep with anyone and so many of the guys there were pretentious asses." "So, you never have had sex before?" She smirked at the surprise evident in his eyes. "Don't be so shocked, Cullen. I am a virgin by choice." "Well obviously, I mean look at you. There is no way every guy around you wouldn't want you." She wrapped her arms around him as she crawled onto his lap. "Including you," she questioned. "Nayeli, always," he assured and nuzzled her neck. Her eyes slid shut as she reveled in his touch and moaned. "I love it when you call me that. I love it when you speak Quileute in general," she confessed. He peppered kisses along her neck with a serene smile. "Then it is a good thing Seth taught me how." She sighed and gazed back into his eyes. "We started this conversation, so let's finish it. We are both virgins. I know I am ready, but the question is, are you?" "I wish it was that simple. That is why I never brought it up before. Allie, it isn't just about if we are ready. I could get you pregnant, do you realize that?" "Of course I do, that is how Renesmee, Nahuel, and Kaya came to be." "Right, but Kaya and Nahuel killed their mothers and Renesmee would have if my Uncle Edward wouldn't have turned Aunt Bella into a vampire. She almost died from the pregnancy." "Zach, I am not as naïve as you think. These are big decisions we have to make and we have to make them soon. I know that once I am a vampire, we can't have a child. I also know that I don't want to wait too long to become immortal." "What about how your parents feel about that?" "It is my choice, not theirs. I love them so much and I always will, but this is about our future, no one else's." "Okay, then let's talk about it. You are it for me, Allie. You are my mate and when the time is right, I want you to become my wife." "When will the time be right for you," she asked and he shrugged with a dimpled grin. "I haven't really thought about it. Once I realized you were my mate, eternity became a given for us. Do you have a timeframe in mind?" Her heart raced and butterflies fluttered in her stomach when she thought about their future. "I have been thinking about this a lot over the past couple of months. Really, since we came back from the island after the holidays, I have thought about how I want our lives to start together." "I am listening. You can tell me," he encouraged, sensing her nervousness. "When I think about marrying you, I think about how exciting and amazing it will be. I want it to be only about our happiness, our eternity together. I don't want to worry about being a fragile little human anymore or how that will affect our wedding night. Zach, I want to be a vampire before we get married." "Which means…." "Which means I want to be a vampire the first time we make love and I am okay with us not having kids." "Allie that is a big decision to make." "Do you want kids? I understand if you do." He shook his head and smiled as he stroked her hair. "No, I don't and I am actually relieved that you don't either. I am not sure how our parents are going to feel about that decision though." "We will tell them when the time is right, but this has to be our decision, remember?" "It is a lot to think about. These decisions are permanent. My parents got lucky with me, but most vampire women cannot have children. Once this decision is made, that is it. No going back." "I am aware of that, but I will gain so much by becoming a vampire. This is what feels right to me." "I want what you want." "Good, then you are willing to change me soon," she said with a brilliant smile and his eyes widened in shock. "Wait, no, not soon!" She growled in frustration. "Damn it, why not," she argued and amusement twinkled in his eyes. "Did you just growl at me? You are pretty sexy when you do that." "Do not try to distract me with those dimples and your charm, Cullen! Why won't you turn me now?" "Whoa, whoa, whoa, how did we go from soon to now?" "What is the difference?" "The three days of hell come to mind!" She turned away from him and looked out at the ocean as she started to pout. The sun retreated behind the clouds once again and the temperature began to drop, sending a chill through her. Zach wrapped a blanket around her shoulders and pulled her close to him again. "Please don't be mad at me. It just isn't fair. I didn't have to go through all that pain or the crazy newborn year of craving nothing but blood. I don't want you to have to go through that to be with me forever." She rested her forehead against his and closed her eyes as she relished the closeness. "Don't you think it would be worth it? You are worth it, Zach. I have no doubt in my mind about that." "I am not saying you shouldn't be turned. I just don't think it needs to be so soon." "What are you waiting for?" "Graduation, for one, how are you supposed to cheer me on as I walk across the stage if all you want to do is drain everyone in the auditorium of their blood?" She giggled and rolled her eyes. "I suppose you have a point there." "And what about your mom? You might be repulsed by your dad's smell once you turn, but her blood will tempt you. You could kill her instantly and I will never put you in that position." "Fine, after you graduate though…." "And then there will be Sofi and Caleb's wedding in Italy during the summer…." "Why do we have to wait for that? There will only be vampires and wolves in attendance. My birthday is next month. I will be twenty one and I don't want to wait much longer." "Why are you in such a rush? Is this about our age