Chapter 1 AN: I hope everyone is enjoying their summer, going on plenty of vacations, and doing plenty of reading. I know I have not posted in a while, but I do have two pretty cool announcements to make for all those that have followed the Choice Series for a while The second announcement is at the end of this story, but here is the first one. First Announcement: The next three stories…..this one included….are going to be a 3-story arc. This is the first of three stories that will reveal a lot about the direction of the series and of course answer some of those questions that have been burning up my inbox from readers. So please read, review, and as usual, enjoy! ~Emmettroselover Leah and Rosalie giggled as they stepped off the porch of Leah and Jacob's house. The sounds of their husbands heckling each other in the game room as they played a video game echoed through the house and Leah shook her head with a smile. "I don't know who is louder when they play, Josh or Jake," said Leah and Rosalie smirked. "It is a tie for Zach and Em. They are at their worst when they play each other though. I am sure they will both be happy to get back to the island this weekend, so they can play some other people for a change." "It has not been that long since they last were there. Do you really think they miss the island that much?" "I do. I mean I miss the family being together more than anything, but there is something very nice and peaceful about our island. Forks has its perks though." "Yea right," laughed Leah. "I am serious. You can't beat autumn in Washington State. Look around you," urged Rosalie and Leah smiled as she gazed at the deep coloring of the foliage. Reds, oranges, yellows, and even purples swirled around them amongst the leaves of the forest. It was a rare, dry day in October, but the clouds still hovered over the sky. The cool air created a chilly breeze, bringing out heavier jackets for the humans in the region. Autumn was in full swing and the beauty of the forest during the season was evident. "There is something very beautiful about the forest in the fall isn't there," agreed Leah as they casually strolled down the driveway. They stopped at the mailbox and Leah perused the mail as Rosalie's senses perked up. "Someone is headed this way. Are you expecting any visitors," questioned Rosalie. "No, just you. Josh and Zach shouldn't be home yet. Wait, is that….." "Yep, Allie, I wonder what she is doing here? Maybe I should go inside." "No way, Rose, you don't have to hide here, stay," urged Leah and Rosalie nodded as they waited for Sam's daughter to make her way over to them. She was pushing a motorcycle and tapped the kickstand with her foot to park in front of the driveway. Rosalie eyed her curiously, wondering if Allie still had instincts like other Quileutes when vampires were around. There was a deeply rooted instinct inside of them that alerted them to the beings, even for members of the tribe that believed such creatures were myths. Allie's bright smile put Rosalie at ease and she smiled back, along with Leah. "Hey Allie, what brings you to our neck of the woods," asked Leah and Allie sighed. "My bike stalled, which I guess shouldn't surprise me. I haven't been on it for a while and it isn't really in the best shape. I should probably take better care of it. Do you think Jake can take a look at it? I know I haven't seen him in a while, but do you think he can do me a favor?" "Of course he can, but I will do you one better. Rose here knows a lot about cars and bikes, so I am sure she can fix you right up," assured Leah and Rosalie's eyes widened. Allie tilted her head curiously as she eyed Rosalie for a moment. "Rosalie, Rosalie Cullen right," asked Allie and Rosalie slowly nodded. "You know who I am," asked Rosalie as she glanced at Leah. "Yes, you were at Billy's funeral. I didn't get to stay long, but I remember seeing you there." "Right, yes, that was a very tragic time for everyone. I am sure that is why we have never been properly introduced," explained Rosalie and Leah nodded. "Rose is just here to visit her….brother, Zach. He is going to school with Josh." "Oh yea, I heard my boyfriend mention him. He is from Alaska, right?" "Boyfriend," questioned Leah and Allie blushed as she shyly giggled. "Yea, um, Drew asked me out last weekend and we have decided to make it official. Don't tell my dad yet please. I am sure he would freak if he found out I was dating a boy from the rez." "Oh, I am sure he would," mumbled Leah as she crossed her arms and gritted her teeth. She began to curse under her breath, which made Allie frown in confusion. Rosalie quickly changed the subject. "I am sure you two make a beautiful couple. Anyways, it looks like your bike just needs a tune-up. I am sure Jake can fix that." "Or you can, Rose. Hey Allie, can you leave it here for a bit? I can give you a ride home if you need one." "My dad is on his way. I didn't want to call him, but my friends are in Port Angeles. I should have just gone with them, but it was such a beautiful day. I wanted to take my bike out for a spin, big mistake." Rosalie knelt down beside the bike and scanned over it before rolling her eyes at Leah. "I can fix it, but I just figured maybe Allie would want someone that she knows to work on it," informed Rosalie as she gave Leah a look. The rumbling of Sam's pickup truck caught their ears and Leah glared at Sam as he drove up to the house. "Speak of the devil," muttered Leah and Rosalie shook her head at her friend as Sam got out of the truck. He looked at Leah curiously, noticing the way she stared him down. "Leah, you okay," he questioned and she smirked. "Peachy," she said in a clipped tone that even had Rosalie confused. Sam glanced at her one more time before turning his attention to his daughter. "You okay," he asked as he gave her a hug and she nodded. "I am fine, dad. I am capable of taking care of myself, but I knew you would want to be the one to pick me up. I still want to take care of my bike on my own, which is why I came here to see if Jake could help me out. It turns out Rosalie knows about bikes too." Sam slowly nodded as he glanced at Rosalie. "Yes, she does, but we don't want to impose. I am sure you have other things you would rather be doing than fixing this clunker of a thing, Rose," said Sam. Before Rosalie could answer, Leah stepped in. "Oh no, she would love to help. Besides, the boys won't be home for a bit. It will give us something to do," assured Leah as she quirked an eyebrow at Sam. Allie clapped happily. "Great, so I can just leave it here with you, Rosalie," asked Allie and Rosalie gulped when she sensed Sam's hesitation. She knew that he was not fond of his daughter being around them, which is why she was just meeting the girl, but she could also sense Leah's defiance against the notion. She glanced back and forth between the two wolves, Leah wearing a challenging grin and Sam scowling back at her. Allie noticed their exchange as well, but was simply confused by it all. Rosalie laughed nervously. "Um, yea, sure, I should be able to fix it in no time," assured Rosalie and Allie beamed with happiness. Rosalie, Leah, and Sam all were surprised when Allie embraced Rosalie in a big hug as she giggled. "You are awesome, Rosalie. It isn't every day I meet a woman that is handy around bikes. Thank you so much. I will come by to pick it up later," said Allie before hopping into the truck and turning on the radio. "She is friendly," whispered Rosalie, so low that Allie could not hear her. Sam smirked. "She doesn't have a reason not to be. After all, you are Leah's friend. That is all she needs to know about you. Nothing else, Rose, got it," he whispered back quickly. "It isn't my secret to tell. As far as she knows, I am just here visiting my….brother, Zach." "Brother," Sam said with a chuckle and Rosalie rolled her eyes. "Yes well for humans we look quite similar but too close in age to be mother and son. I have my own secrets to worry about, Sam, so don't worry. I will not reveal yours," assured Rosalie and Sam smirked as he looked at Leah one last time before heading back toward the truck. "Trust me, you aren't the one I am worried about," grumbled Sam. He gave them each a curt nod before driving off with Allie and Rosalie turned to glare at Leah, who tried to give an innocent smile. "What," asked Leah and Rosalie huffed. "Don't what me, what is up with you? You practically forced me to fix her bike and you know Sam doesn't want her around us." "Yes, Sam seems to be doing everything in his power to make sure Allie doesn't find out his dirty little secret, but that doesn't mean we have to help," explained Leah as she pushed the bike up the driveway. " We , there is no we in this equation, Leah. She isn't my kid and it is none of my business." "Don't you see what he is doing?" "Not really and I don't really care," informed Rosalie as she pulled the bike from Leah and parked it in front of the house. "Oh come on Rose, how messed up is it that Sam is trying to create some warped arrangement between Drew and Allie just so he can keep his eye on her?" "What are you talking about? Allie just said that Sam doesn't know about Drew dating her." "And you believe that? You believe that the alpha doesn't know what his beta is doing?" Rosalie thought for a moment and frowned. "Wait, so you are saying that he put Drew up to it? Sam wouldn't do that." "Yes he would and I know him a bit better than you do. This is just like him. He would do anything to make sure Allie doesn't find out his secret, so he is using Drew to make sure he knows if Allie is getting too close and Drew can now run interference. The only reason Allie thinks Sam would freak is because he wants her to think that. She would never go for her dad setting her up." "That sounds very dramatic and like way too much information for me. Since you forced my hand, I am going to fix her bike and get it running smoothly, but that is it, Leah." "But Rose….." "No buts, it doesn't concern me or you for that matter. Now, will you please go get me Jake's toolbox so I can fix this thing," asked Rosalie and Leah huffed as she stomped inside. Rosalie shook her head as she began to tinker with the bike and Leah plopped the toolbox on the ground by Rosalie before pouting on the porch steps. Rosalie tried to focus on the bike, but Leah's dramatic sighs were not helping. She rolled her eyes as Leah grumbled under her breath about Rosalie not understanding, but