AN: I promised another story soon and here it is! This marks the 20th story in the Choice Series, which I cannot even believe. It has been five years since I started with Renesmee's Choice and I never planned on writing so much, but I just cannot seem to stop! Here is the second story in the three-story arc. Hope you enjoy! Chapter 1 Zach aimlessly wandered around the shore of the small lake he found on Vancouver Island after his hunt. It had been two days since he found out that Allie was his mate and he was still trying to wrap his mind around what it meant. He felt as if he was in shock ever since he met her. The night that he realized his mate was the alpha's daughter, he barely spoke a word. Even when the rest of his family joined them in Forks and promised to stay to help him through the revelation anyway they could, he still was silent, simply going through the motions for the rest of the night and the next day. He attended school like nothing had changed and while Josh wanted to talk about it, Zach still refused to. Rosalie and Emmett gave him his space, knowing that he was like his mother in that way. When they felt overwhelmed, they created distance so that they could have time to think, which is why Rosalie suggested Zach go for a hunt with her and Emmett on Vancouver Island. Zach looked up at the bright moon as it hung high in the sky. He sat down beside the water and slipped his feet in the cool liquid, absentmindedly swaying them back and forth. He heard his mother lithely jump from a tree and walk over to him, but he did not look up at her as she sat down by him. "Your father is hunting for more grizzlies," she informed and he shrugged. "I do not want another one. One is enough." "Since when," she teased, but he did not chuckle like he usually would. Instead, he was quiet and she sighed as she ran a hand through his curly hair. The action always relaxed him and he rested his head on her shoulder as he surrendered to his mother's comforting touch. "What am I going to do, mom? Why did this have to happen to me?" "Mates are a very powerful thing, Zachary, but it is impossible to know when a vampire will find theirs. I wasn't expecting for you to find yours so soon or for it to be someone so connected to the wolves, but you are not cursed. I do not know why quite yet this had to happen, but finding your mate should never be seen as a curse." "Even if she happens to be the daughter of an alpha and the girlfriend of a beta?" "I will admit this is not exactly an ideal situation, but I don't believe this happened in order to curse you." "Why are you being so calm about this? I never knew when I would find my mate, but I always knew you would not be happy about it." "Oh I am not happy about it and I still have my reservations, but I know what it is like to find your mate. Before I found your father, I was so lost and I know I wouldn't have survived this existence if I did not find him. I was blessed with him, just like I was blessed with you, and I never want to take that chance away from you. We will figure this out, Zachary," she vowed and he hugged his mother as she stroked his hair. Emmett gave a small smile as he made his way over to them. He kissed the top of his son's hair before ruffling it. "We should head back soon, if you plan on making it to school on time," informed Emmett and Zach slowly nodded. "You don't have to go if you don't want to, baby boy," said Rosalie. "I want to go. As weird as it sounds, I need something as normal as high school right now. It will distract me from everything going on in the supernatural side of my life." Rosalie and Emmett nodded in agreement and followed their son back to Forks. The sky began to turn grayish blue as dawn broke and the sun was hidden behind the coverage of thick clouds and fog. Carlisle and Esme were in the study of the Cullen House in Forks while the rest of the family talked amongst themselves downstairs about what Zach's connection with Allie meant. Carlisle hung up the phone and pulled his wife into his lap with a sigh. "Dr. Hughes is going to cover for me for the rest of the week. It has been slow at the hospital anyways," informed Carlisle and Esme kissed him tenderly. "Thank you for doing that. I know you are enjoying your time at the hospital." "True, but nothing is more important to me than our family and we need to be here for our grandson. I know there is not much we can do, but we all need to be here just in case he needs us." "I feel so helpless. You know I cannot stand to see any of our family in such despair. I have never seen him so upset before. I thought finding his mate would be a good thing." "It will be in the long run. This is just an obstacle for him, but he will overcome it. We will help him overcome it," assured Carlisle as he rubbed soothing circles on his mate's back. Alice knocked on the door before poking her head in and her parents motioned for everyone to enter. Alice, Jasper, Edward, Bella, Renesmee, Nahuel, Seth, and Kaya joined them in the study to discuss the situation. Edward was the first to speak. "I know that everyone in this room wants what is best for Zach. Allie is his mate, but the question is if they can even be together," said Edward, which made Esme frown. "Why wouldn't they be together? Mates cannot be apart," questioned Esme and Alice shook her head. "That may be true, but this is different. They are not like other mates for several reasons and I know you want to be optimistic, but….." "No, Alice, there is no but about it. Does anyone in this room question that Allie is Zach's mate," asked Esme and everyone shook their heads. "I was there. I saw how they looked at each other and interacted. The only time I have seen that is when a deep connection has been made," admitted Seth and Esme put on a brave smile. "Good, then there is nothing to talk about. Allie is his mate and she will be welcomed into this family," announced Esme. Jasper stepped forward. "It isn't our family that we have to worry about. This isn't like when Edward found Bella and we were worried about her safety or ours because of the threat of exposure. Allie is the daughter of a wolf, even if she isn't supernatural, her lineage is and the Volturi would have no problem with her knowing," informed Jasper. "But you still believe there is a reason to be concerned," asked Carlisle and everyone nodded. "Not just one reason, Carlisle, several," added Jasper. "Like what," asked Esme and it was Alice's turn to speak up. "I cannot see when she is around, which means everyone is going into this blind. Zach's future and our futures are gone. Allie is blocking me and I need to figure out why in order to find a way around it." "And if Alice cannot see, then we do not know what the future holds for anyone in this situation or what the best course of action may be," agreed Edward. "This is not the first time Alice has had blind spots. We can handle it," assured Esme. "It is different this time. It isn't a blind spot. Our paths are connected to hers now and I cannot get a read on any of our futures. There is nothing there," informed Alice and Jasper gave a curt nod. "Which means we need to be prepared for the worst case scenario and talk about the elephant in the room, when Sam finds out about this, it could be trouble," warned Jasper. "Sam wouldn't do anything to cause issues with our family. We have been through so much with him and the pack," defended Carlisle, but Seth shook his head. "That was before his daughter mated with a vampire. Look, Carlisle, I want to believe that everything will be okay, but I have been in the pack. I know how volatile a wolf can get when their temper flares and Sam would do anything to keep Allie out of the supernatural world," said Seth. "Drew is an issue as well," reminded Kaya and Nahuel nodded in agreement. "Yes, we have all seen what happens when a wolf feels scorned. If Allie chooses Zach over Drew, we will have a beta and an alpha to deal with," said Nahuel. "Which would mean the entire pack would be involved as well," added Alice and Bella ran a hand through her hair. "Speaking as someone that was once a human in love with a vampire, I think we also have to think about Allie. Zach is relatively desensitized to human blood, but will he be tempted by hers? He hasn't interacted with humans as long as Edward had when we met and Edward was still worried about harming me. What about their future together? Is she going to turn into a vampire? Will they want to have a child? Zach is capable of impregnating her," reminded Bella and Carlisle slowly nodded. "All very good points, but let's focus on the matter at hand. We need to make sure that Zach and Allie have a chance to be together first. I agree with all of your concerns, but believe Sam and Drew are the most important issue at the moment. Sam has no clue what has happened and I am not sure that he will be open to hearing it," confessed Carlisle and Renesmee groaned. "Plus, Allie is still Drew's girlfriend at the moment. I don't think she even fully understands what has happened. It took me some time to realize what was happening with me and Nahuel and I knew about the supernatural." "I didn't think of it like that. Seth and I had nothing to lose when he imprinted on me. If anything, I gained so much and being with him was effortless. What are they going to do," questioned Kaya and Edward pinched the bridge of his nose as he read everyone's thoughts. "I do not know, none of us do," admitted Edward and Esme stood up as she shook her head. "It doesn't matter," she announced. "But Esme," tried Alice. Esme put up her hand to silence her daughter. "Alice, I know you are worried that you cannot see. Edward, I know you can read all of our minds and are concerned. I know you and Bella can relate to this situation and are scared for your nephew and Allie. Jasper, I know that right now you are thinking about strategy with the pack. Seth, you are worried about what it means for your little brother and your connection with the tribe. I know that Renesmee and Nahuel are worried about Drew coming after Zach. And Kaya, you are worried about everyone being safe just like my mate is. We all want this to work out peacefully and we are worried about the fallout, but understand this, Zachary deserves happiness. He deserves to find his mate and just like I refused to believe that Edward found Bella for it all to end in despair, I refuse to believe that for Zach