AN: Happy Holidays! It has been a busy, but entertaining holiday season for me and I hope you and yours have enjoyed the end of the year as well. With 2014 coming to an end, I figured a good way to end would be with another story. Thank you for the patience, support, and love from all those that have messaged me about when the next story would come out. I am in grad school and was swamped with work, so I had to wait until I had some downtime before I could really dive into another story. Hopefully it was worth the wait! So as usual, read, enjoy, and let me know what you think! ~Rachelle Chapter 1 Grayish blue light peered into Zach's room as dawn brought more clouds and cold weather to complement the light dust of powdery snow already covering the region. It was late December and frigid outside. Zach gently tucked the heating blanket around Allie before quietly rolling out of bed and heading downstairs with a serene smile. The two had been inseparable ever since the night of the meeting between the family and the pack. Allie spent most of her time at the Cullen House and while her father was not keen on the idea of her spending the night, for over a month, she spent the majority of her nights in Zach's arms. Zach chuckled at his grandmother's exuberance as she hummed a tune while cooking bacon on the stove. "Morning, grandma, mind if I help," he asked after kissing her cheek in greeting. "Sure, it is so sweet that you make her breakfast. You know that I don't mind cooking for her though. It is nice having her here." "I know and she loves your cooking. It is just nice being able do stuff for her. It isn't like I can take her out for a hunt with me, so this is the closest thing I get." Esme giggled and handed him a carton of eggs. "Yes, I doubt she would appreciate the blood of grizzly as much as you do. At least not yet," teased Esme. "Not yet," he questioned. Esme cupped his cheek adoringly as she wore a knowing smile. "It is inevitable for her to become a vampire, so she can be with you forever. She is your mate and I know her mortality weighs heavy on your heart, as it should. Humans are fragile and any mate would be concerned. Your Uncle Edward obsessed over Bella's safety when she was human." "I am trying not to worry, but it is terrifying to think about what could happen to her. She is going to help out at Ben's store again today and all I keep thinking is that there is too much snow on the roads and she could get hurt. Humans have accidents all the time and even if she is careful, that doesn't mean the humans around her will be." "Your mother already worked on her car to make it more efficient," assured Esme, but Zach scoffed. "Yea and that thing is still a piece of junk. I don't even want to think about it. She will be waking up soon and I want to be there when she does. Do we have any orange juice?" "I stocked up the fridge yesterday since the pack is coming over again. There should be plenty. I have never had to do so much grocery shopping." "Josh and I can go shopping in town whenever you need us to, so you don't have to get the food delivered to Leah and Jake's." "They don't seem to mind and neither do I. If I weren't so worried about being recognized in town, I would go myself." "They are my friends, so I should do the shopping. You shouldn't have to worry about it. I will go next time." She kissed his cheek. "You are the sweetest grandson I could ask for," she boasted and he smiled proudly as she began whipping the eggs for him. "Thanks, grandma, I can take over on the omelet. You know Seth will have his feelings hurt if you neglect to make him pancakes. He is such a baby." Esme ruffled his hair before turning her attention back to making breakfast. Allie woke up to the smell of bacon in the air and the sound of her stomach grumbling. Zach's chuckle made her smile as she rolled over in bed to see him sitting beside her with a tray of food. She sighed happily and sat up as he placed it over her lap. "Morning, my love," he whispered as he nuzzled her neck and she giggled. "You are too good to me. What time is it?" "Just past seven, you know for a human, you really are on a strict sleeping schedule. You always wake up around this time." "All my advanced biology courses were first thing in the morning at Stanford. I guess when I got back here, the schedule just stuck." "Do you miss school?" "I haven't really had time to. A certain gorgeous vampire has kept me quite busy lately," she teased as she snuggled into his side and he wrapped his arm around her. "Time usually goes by fast for vampires, but I must admit ever since I found you, the days just blur by even faster. I can't believe Christmas is a week away, are you excited?" "My boyfriend is taking me to his private island for the holidays where I will get to meet his friends and spend time with the rest of his family, excited yes, but also extremely nervous." "What is there to be nervous about? Everyone will love you just like my family already does. Even my mom has a soft spot for you and I never thought that would happen. The thought of me having a mate terrified her," he chuckled. "I love your family and they have been great. It is just kind of intimidating knowing I will be the only human there." "Jake, Leah, Josh, and….." "They are wolves. They don't count." "Renesmee, Nahuel, and Kaya are half humans," he tried and she giggled. "Fine, then it will be me and one and a half humans. I feel so much better," she quipped. "Hey, more than that, Nahuel and Kaya's siblings are coming, so that adds another one and a half, plus Charlie and Sue will be there." "It doesn't count if you are immortal." "It totally counts. They are still humans." "Not when you add in such an awesome supernatural element as the Fountain of Youth." "Okay fine, you got me there. This family is mainly supernatural, but you have to at least give me the three humans, four including you." "Fine, I will count it, even though your half vampire, half human family members should not count, but only because I love you and cannot resist your dimples," she admitted. He slowly leaned in and she tenderly kissed him. He could hear her heart thundering in her chest and pulled away with a coy smile. "Your heart is racing," he whispered and she winked at him. "Kind of hard not to around you, but that is nothing new," she whispered back. Zach perked up as he heard the front door open downstairs. "My parents just got back. I think my dad needs to talk with me." "Go, I need to hurry up and eat and shower, so we can leave. I wouldn't want to make you late to school again." "Oh yea because that is such a travesty," he teased. "Get out of here, Cullen. You are slowing me up," she giggled and he rolled his eyes. "Me, slow you up, really," he laughed. "Always," she said with a sly grin before popping a piece of bacon in her mouth. "I will be downstairs when you are ready," he informed and whistled happily as he headed downstairs to greet his parents. They were in the kitchen with his grandmother and his grandfather walked in the back door. "Hey grandpa, how was work," he asked as Carlisle set his work bag down. "A slow night, which makes me confident that the other doctors can handle things while I am gone," informed Carlisle. Rosalie kissed her son's cheek and he groaned. "Aw man, I missed out on grizzly. I can smell it on you, mom. You promised you wouldn't go far enough to find any," whined Zach and Emmett chuckled at his son's annoyance. "Hey, your mom made that promise, not me. Once the hunt begins, you never know where it will end, baby boy. You should have come with us," teased Emmett. "I tried to keep him closer to town, but you know the grizzlies call to him," added Rosalie as she stroked her son's curly hair. "Yea, yea," grumbled Zach. "When are you going to hunt? I told you to go while Allie was asleep. You need to stay full," warned Rosalie and Zach smiled sheepishly as she scanned him over. His eyes were starting to lose their usual golden brown color. "I know. It is just hard to leave her. I love being in bed with her," confessed Zach, but his eyes widened when his parents shared a look and his grandparents hid their smiles. "Not like that…I mean we don't…you know what I…..ugh, this is embarrassing," groaned Zach and Rosalie nudged Emmett, who quickly stepped in. "Baby boy, how about we go for a walk and catch up? Allie is in the shower, so we have some time. Come on," urged Emmett and Zach begrudgingly followed his father out into the backyard. They headed into the forest and Zach knew if he was human, he would be fidgeting. "Dad, about what I said. We haven't…." "Let me get this out before I lose my nerve and yes I know it is me and you are probably thinking, how can he lose his nerve, this is my dad, the cool, awesome, always confident, good ole' dad, but…." "Dad, you are rambling," said Zach and Emmett scrubbed his face with his hands. "I know. Sorry, this is just harder than I thought it would be." "What is?" Emmett clasped his son's shoulders and looked him directly in the eyes to convey his seriousness. "You have to take it slow with Allie. Look, I know she is your mate and you have urges. All mates have urges. It is natural. When I see your mother, I just….." "Too much information, dad," shrieked Zach as he covered his ears and Emmett chuckled. "Sorry, but just hear me out. You know I am always here for you if you need to talk about sex, mates, you name it, but it is going to be a bit different with Allie. She is a human and while so many great things happened because of your Uncle Edward and Aunt Bella, I don't want you going down their crazy, dramatic path. You know how Renesmee came to be and Nahuel's story as well, so you know what I am getting at, right?" Zach slowly nodded and looked down. "Yea, I know dad. I can get Allie pregnant and if that happened, it could kill her if she wasn't turned right away. I know all of that, which is why we are taking it slow and when I say I love being in bed with her, I am being literal. I love to hold her and yes, we do stuff, but nothing that serious, I promise." "Really?" Zach nodded and Emmett pumped his fist in delight. "Thank God, because I was a bit worried too much of me rubbed off on you. When it came to me and your mother, there wasn't a lot of waiting if you know what I…." "Dad," shrieked Zach and Emmett ruffled his hair. "I'm teasing you, baby boy. Not about the sex part because I was totally ready as soon as