AN: I cannot believe it is already Summer 2017! I had a lot of fun writing this one, so I hope you enjoy! Chapter 1 Allie serenely smiled as she rested the back of her head against Zach's chest and watched the waves crash into the ocean below the cliff where the cottage was nestled in the forest of Cape Flattery. Their time in the cottage was coming to an end and they were expected to be back on the island that afternoon, but as the fog and mist rolled through the forest and the smell of dew filled her senses, she was too relaxed to think about leaving. The two of them were sitting out on the patio enjoying the morning breeze. Zach rested his chin on the top of her shoulder and caressed her legs. "What are you thinking about, nayeli," he whispered. "I was just thinking about how much I love this place and how lucky I am to have an amazing mate that had this cottage built for us." "Mate and now husband," he grinned and she giggled as she nodded. "The best husband in the world, this is perfect, Zach. I can't believe the honeymoon is already over. I feel like we just got here." "Nayeli, the honeymoon will never be over for us. It did go by too fast though. A part of me wishes we could stay here forever." She smirked. "Not happening. I might have a good relationship with your mother and Josh, but I am pretty sure they would both hunt me down if I was the reason you did not return to the island." "Well, Mrs. McCarty Cullen, I am fine with going back as long as you and I promise to always come back when we need alone time. Life is just so simple when we are here. No Aunt Alice meddling or needing to. No crazed mates or imprints to worry about. It is just you and me. I happen to like you and me," he chuckled as he nuzzled her neck. "And no future to worry about," she added as she stroked his curly hair. "I am not worried about the future." "You can't fool me. I know you are worried about our future, the future that Asa showed you, and that is okay. It is a lot to know, but I hope you also know that I am going to be right there with you, no matter what." "I love you and you are right. You and I are forever and I know we can deal with anything that comes our way. I guess we should start getting ready to go." "No, just a couple more hours," she whined and he chuckled. "Fine by me, but if we stay too much longer you know Aunt Alice will start pestering us. Besides, I do miss my family…." "And your best bro," she added. "And the island and all of our video games, do you realize we have not played one video game since we have been here? You haven't even read a comic book. That has to be some sort of record," he teased as she turned to face him and straddle his waist. "Well, I have been a bit preoccupied," she said with a seductive smile and he sighed happily. "How about we end the first of many honeymoons together properly," he suggested and she giggled as he scooped her up and headed to their bedroom. Natalie smiled when she heard her mate's heartbeat begin to pick up in pace and he stirred in bed. Her eyes stayed trained on the beach of La Push, but her body was buzzing with anticipation as it sensed Josh rolling out of bed. He wrapped her in his arms and she instantly relaxed into his warm embrace. "Morning," he mumbled as he kissed her shoulder and she sighed contently. "It is a beautiful morning. I have spent so much of my existence underground that I forgot how beautiful mornings could be," she admitted. "Well, as someone that has seen many beautiful mornings in La Push, let me assure you that none of them are as beautiful as the ones I get to share with you." "You are such a charmer," she giggled. "It is true. I wasn't expecting our time in the cabin to go like this, but it is an amazing surprise." "So when you rented out the cabin for us, you had no expectations of intimacy? Why do I find that hard to believe?" "I hoped, but never wanted to rush you. Not that I am complaining, but what made you decide it was time to take our relationship to the next level?" She turned in his arms so she could gaze into his eyes and stroke his hair. "I guess I was just tired of waiting or being worried about what I want. I have spent so much of my life worrying, obsessing over every move I make, and for once I just wanted to feel and be happy. For once in my life, I wanted to do something I actually wanted to do. Making love to you is something I have wanted to do for longer than I want to admit." "Oh really," he asked with a grin and she rolled her eyes. "Like you don't know the effect you have on me," she teased back. "Actually, I didn't, but I do now and I hope you know that you have that same effect on me. No one else will ever come close to making me feel as happy as you do, Nat." "Good because I plan on sticking around," she giggled before kissing him tenderly. "We should head back to the island soon, but do you want to go surfing before we go? It will probably be hectic when we arrive. With everyone heading to the masquerade ball in Volterra tonight, I am sure Alice is in rare form." "I can't believe I am actually going back to Volterra. The last time I was there….." She instinctively shuddered and he hugged her. "I promise you that tonight will be fun, but if you don't want to go…." "I want to do this. In fact, I think I need to do this. Aro is dead and I need to stop letting his memory dictate everything that I do," she assured and he kissed the tops of her hands. "That's my girl," he said with a smile. "I am not in the mood to surf. How about I show you just how much that smile of yours affects me," she teased and he happily nodded as she pulled him back over to their bed. Alice closed her eyes and tried to block out the noise around her as she sat on her favorite cliff of the island. She glanced over at the small screen beside her and groaned. "This is not working, Lian," she whined and the woman on the screen giggled as she shook her head. "You are not very good at relaxing," said Lian. Alice picked up the small screen and rolled her eyes. "Well excuse me for not being able to relax when I know that, even though I don't technically know, there is something wrong," exclaimed Alice. "You must clear your mind for this to work. In order to overcome whatever is blocking you, you must get in touch with…." "My instincts, I know! Jazzy has said it. Eleazar keeps saying it. I get it! I have to find a way to trust my instincts, but you know what my instincts are telling me, Lian? Panic!" "Actually, I was going to say you must get in touch with the energy around you." "Oh," said Alice and Lian smiled comfortingly at her. "I understand how frustrating this must be for you, but as someone that has no power to rely on, I assure you that this can work. The earth is balanced by energy, good and evil. Our kind can sense when danger is coming because of our heightened senses. Sensing waves of energy and how it affects you can help you see where the threat you sense is coming from." "How?" "You must clear your mind of all that is distracting you and stop trying to force your visions. You must sense the changes in the energy around you. It takes much focus, but you can harness the same focus you place on your visions into focusing on the energy around you. Focus on that energy and let it guide you toward the source of the problem." "I will keep that in mind. Thank you for trying to help." "Of course, Alice, I too sense a shift in the balance, but am confident that you will find answers soon. Let me know when you find those answers. I am curious to find out myself." "Will do," said Alice before turning off the device and placing her face in her hands. Jasper strolled over and sat down beside his mate. She leaned her head against his shoulder and he wrapped her in his arms. "You are on edge, darlin'. Your whole body is anxious. I know it does not help much that the family has been away for the past weeks, but everyone will be back today. Besides, we have a party to attend tonight and I know you are a fan of masquerade balls. It has been far too long since we have been to one." "Celebrating All Saints' Day in Volterra does sound fun, but I can't shake this sense of uneasiness that I feel." "Then don't shake it. Just don't let it consume you either. Come on, how about we go for a nice hunt before it is time to leave," he suggested and she nodded in agreement, hoping that the hunt calmed her nerves a bit. By the time Zach and Allie managed to pack and head back to the island, the rest of the family was back. Zach beamed with happiness when he saw Josh and Natalie waiting for them to land the jet on the island. As soon as they did, he and Allie greeted the couple and Allie quirked an eyebrow at Natalie. "You look happy, very happy," said Allie and Natalie tried to hide her smile. "It is a beautiful day and we are happy you are back," said Natalie as they hugged. "Why do I have a feeling that isn't the only reason you are smiling," teased Allie and Natalie playfully glared at her. "Come help me pack for this extravagant party we are heading to and I will answer that," said Natalie and Allie kissed Zach. "Time for girl talk, we will see you two in a bit," she giggled and Josh chuckled as Natalie and Allie darted away. He and Zach did their handshake and Zach eyed him curiously. "You do seem very happy. Was it a good trip to La Push," asked Zach. "The best trip of my life," said Josh as he dreamily sighed and thought about his time in the cabin with Natalie. "The best trip of your life, huh? How good of a time did you two have," teased Zach. "A gentleman never kisses and tells." "Oh good, then you will tell me everything!" Josh hugged him and laughed. "I missed you, Z. How does it feel to be a married man?" "Honestly, not that different, I think I felt more of a change after Allie was turned. That was definitely a significant change, but I can finally say I understand how amazing honeymoons are. I love honeymoons. I plan on going on plenty of them. So, where is everyone? I expected to be bombarded with questions and hugs when we got back." "Everyone is packing for the trip to Italy. Your mom has your mask." "I should go spend some time with her. I missed her. Seth better not have been hogging all of her attention while