AN: Where has the time gone? I cannot believe it is about to be October! After a whirlwind of a summer, I have decided to post two stories back to back for the Choice Series! The first is Allie's Choice II, so read, review, and as usual, I hope you enjoy. Chapter 1 Carlisle peered out at the crashing waves and picturesque view from the northern shore of Cullen Island as his wife and daughter flitted around the landscape behind him. The warm, sunny day transitioned into a cool evening as the sun began to set and a breeze swirled with the ocean air. Carlisle smiled as his mate joined him by the cliff and he happily opened his arms to her. She sighed contently as they held each other and watched the sun disappear below the horizon for the night. "You are right, my love. This is a beautiful view and you chose the perfect angle for the sunroom," complimented Carlisle. "It was Alice's idea. She wanted Zach and Allie's cottage to be a mix of modern and rustic. I hope they like it." "They will love it. You and Alice have done an amazing job and it has been nice to be back on the island the past few weeks." "As much as we have moved around in this existence, it is hard to believe, but this place truly does feel like home. Forks is wonderful, but I feel far more at ease when we are all here together," confessed Esme. "While I enjoyed practicing medicine at the hospital, it has felt nice to be back here. Resigning was not nearly as difficult as I believed it would be. The hospital is in good hands with Dr. Hughes." "And you have an upcoming appointment to focus on," reminded Esme and Carlisle shook his head in amusement. "Setting a date and time for a vampire transformation, in all of my years, I never imagined that would be possible," admitted Carlisle. Alice happily skipped over to them with a gleeful smile. "There are many things we never imagined would be possible, but our family never ceases to amaze even me. The flowerbeds are ready. Mom, I will leave the gardening to you. I have no clue how you can be so enamored with such a filthy process," said Alice. "That is why we work so well together, sweetheart. I prefer the architecture and landscaping aspects, while you focus on the fashion and design," said Esme. "We do make quite the team, but do not sell yourself short. The design for the living room is all you, even though I know you have your ulterior motives for wanting to add space for the piano," teased Alice. "Yes, hearing my sweet grandson playing is definitely a favorite pastime of mine. I wonder if Allie will take up the hobby after she is changed," pondered Esme. "Even if she doesn't, it is no secret that she loves hearing Zach play as well," said Carlisle. "They are going to love it. I can't wait to show it to them! Everything is coming together perfectly. The cottage is almost complete, I see the transformation going smoothly, and now we can focus on Zach's graduation. The supplies will arrive at Leah and Jake's house today, so we are all set," informed Alice. "Are you sure about this, Alice? We never had to worry about such things in the past, but now that we are grandparents…." Alice scoffed at Carlisle's question. "Don't worry. Most of the humans in attendance will not even think twice about it. Angela and Ben will be there, but we will blend in just fine. They were much closer with Bella and Edward than us, so I agree with Edward. Once they realize Bella and Edward are not in attendance, they will pay us no mind." "I wish the whole family could be there. It is a big day for Zach and we should all get to go," said Esme. "We all knew there would be some setbacks with this arrangement. Besides, Zach will have plenty of milestones in this existence," assured Carlisle. "At least Zach does not seem disappointed. If anything, he seems peeved," said Esme with a giggle and Alice groaned. "Yes, I may have to give him a stern talking to about his lack of enthusiasm about graduating high school. This will be wonderful and yet he is making it out to be a boring, or as he puts it, very human affair," grumbled Alice. "I believe he has more pressing matters on his mind. It is not every day that a new member joins this family and this will be the biggest moment of his life. His mate is joining him in this eternity. It may not be as traditional as a wedding, but for our kind, far more permanent," reminded Carlisle and Alice huffed. "He is a vampire. We multitask all the time. Can't he focus on Allie's transformation, while humoring me with some excitement about graduation? I mean really, how difficult is that? I don't know why he is so flustered. I am the one that has to plan a graduation party and make sure we have the supplies for the transformation. Plus, don't even get me started on the wedding. He hasn't quite decided when to propose, but knowing those two they will want to get married before the year ends. It is already May, is he thinking about the lack of time that gives me to prepare? How am I supposed to put on the wedding of the century without proper notice? Allie has already decided she wants a quick wedding as if decorum and formalities don't need to be made about….." "You have much to think about, dear," interrupted Esme before Alice could ramble even more. "All I am asking is for him to be excited," whined Alice. "Maybe he will be more focused on graduation as the day draws closer. Tonight, he has bigger matters at hand. It is not every day a vampire has to speak with the parents of their mate about transforming them. I hope Sam and Emily respond well," said Carlisle. "They have known for a while that Allie will be turned. All tonight does is make it official. I don't blame him for being nervous though. The last time Sam found out something involving Allie, he tried to reinstate the treaty line. Wolves can be so volatile. Now, if you will excuse me, I have a bedroom to decorate," said Alice before skipping back inside the cottage. Carlisle and Esme shook their heads in amusement at their daughter's excitement, knowing there was much to do in the next weeks. Zach took in a deep breath to compose himself as he parked in front of Sam and Emily's house with Allie. She slipped her hand into his and kissed his cheek when she noticed his nervousness. "Hey, it is going to be fine. They already know this is happening," reassured Allie. "It is one thing to know, but another to actually have a date set. I just want this to go well. They are your parents. We will be family someday and I don't want them to be mad at me," confessed Zach as he looked down. Allie tilted his chin back up and smiled adoringly at him as she gazed into his eyes. "Look Cullen, you are stuck with me and I have already told them as much. This is my choice. I want this. I need this for us because eternity with you is the only thing that will make me happy. You have nothing to worry about." "Uh, your dad can hulk out when he gets angry, remember? Or has being around all these vampires made you forget the wolfy side of your family?" "Don't tell me the great Zachary McCarty Cullen is afraid of my dad? I have seen you throw a wolf without even touching them. Plus, not even my human memory has forgotten all the stories you have told me about the battles you have been in. You have faced crazed vampires before and you are worried about my dad?" "Yes, and your mom, those crazed vampires weren't going to be my in-laws someday," reminded Zach and she laughed. "I will protect you," she cooed as she got out of the car. He did as well and followed her toward the house. Sam opened the front door and leaned against it with a knowing smile. "Don't worry, Zach. I won't let my wolfy gene get out of hand. You might have to watch out for her mother though," teased Sam as they entered the house. Emily nudged her husband before giving her daughter and Zach hugs. "You two are early. The fish fry doesn't start for another hour. The pack is down at the beach gathering wood for the bonfire if you want to head down," informed Emily. "Actually, mom, we came to see you and dad. We need to talk." Sam sighed as they sat down in the living room. He wrapped an arm around his wife and gave a small nod. "Alright, let us have it. When will the transformation happen," asked Sam. Allie smiled sheepishly at her parents. "June 1st," she revealed and Emily's eyes widened. "That's in what, eleven days? Why so soon? Why didn't you tell us earlier," asked Emily. "I did tell you that I was going to become a vampire. We just couldn't decide on a date, but there is more," confessed Allie. "More," asked Sam. "It is good news though. The transformation isn't going to take three days. Zach and his family found a way for me to be turned without as much pain as most of them went through. It will only take four hours." "How is that even possible? Sam, you said it always takes three days," questioned Emily. "That's what I have always been told. That's how long it took for Bella. What exactly has changed," asked Sam. "One of my grandfather's old friends, Merek, has found a serum to accelerate the process. My venom has some type of unique makeup that allows that to happen," informed Zach. "How did he figure that out," asked Emily. "He has worked on the antidote for centuries. He is a scientist, so….." "No way, I know you two want to be together and I support that now, but my daughter isn't going to be some science experiment," declared Sam and Allie groaned. "Daddy…." "No, Allison, this is strange, even for vampires. I may not be an expert on these kinds of things, but this is odd. If this was so easy, then why did Edward fear for Bella so much and not want her to be changed," argued Sam. "Because no one knew of this serum, I am the antidote. Sam, my venom is special. I am different. Everyone around me knows that and apparently Merek figured that out too. I understand how you feel. When I first found out it was a possibility, I freaked out, but I saw it with my own eyes. Merek has a lab in Alaska. I went there to be tested on and it worked. My grandfather has checked Merek's research and I know this is new to you, but it has taken centuries for this to happen. I would never let anything happen to Allie. She is my mate and her safety is of the utmost importance to me. My Aunt Alice and Uncle Edward have seen it too. This will work," assured Zach and Emily slowly nodded. "He would never hurt Allie. We both know that, Sam. I am surprised by how quickly this is going to happen, but I have no problem with this experiment if it means she would not have to suffer as much," conceded Emily. Sam mulled over the words before slowly nodding as well. "Fine, I suppose if it works, it will