AN: Happy New Year! I wanted to start 2017 off right by giving you a new story to read and yes, Zach and Allie's wedding is finally here, but you know there had to be some drama, right? I hope you enjoy! Chapter 1 Allie giggled as Zach nuzzled her neck and pulled her closer to him. The starry night sky, ocean breeze swirling around them, and waves swaying the yacht were hypnotizing as they cuddled together under a heating blanket. Allie tenderly kissed him and played with the curls at the nape of his neck as he turned the blanket back on. She shook her head in amusement. "I can't believe you brought this blanket. It isn't like we need it," she teased and he grinned dimply. "I will have you know that I am quite fond of this blanket. I remember the first night we used it. It was after your dad finally accepted us and we got to watch a movie together. You fell asleep in my arms and I used this to keep you warm." "I know it happened last year, but it feels like a lifetime ago. So much has happened and I remember feeling so scared back then because I had no clue about this world. If you would have told me that by this time next year I would be making love to you on a yacht in the Pacific Ocean, I would have called you insane." "I wouldn't have believed it either. So much has changed and we are definitely keeping this blanket. It is part of our love story. Besides, I like it. Just because we don't need it, doesn't mean it isn't nice to heat up while making love," he teased as he kissed her neck and she smiled slyly. "I think you heat me up just fine," she assured. He sighed happily as he checked his phone. "No calls from Aunt Alice. I had to see it to believe it, but she is actually going to leave us alone." "Well, it was your birthday wish for us to spend time alone together and your mother and Uncle Edward somehow managed to get her to agree. How did they pull that off anyways?" "She has a secret vault in Switzerland full of her prized possessions and they threatened to steal them with the help of Connell," he informed with a chuckle and Allie laughed. "That's all it took? That vault must be full of gold or something." "More like shoes, a ridiculous amount of shoes, and Aunt Alice agreed to honor my wishes for my birthday. In return, they will leave the shoes alone, which she is now moving to a secure location once again." "She has a serious shopping problem." "You are just now understanding this, nayeli," he teased. "I don't understand why she was so disappointed that you didn't want a big party. The wedding is eleven days away. There will be plenty to celebrate. She got to plan the wedding and even against my better judgment, I let her plan the bachelorette party and gave in to having a party the night before the wedding." "Speaking of your bachelorette party….." "Don't worry, Cullen, there will be no strippers. I just want to hunt and see the Aurora Borealis, so we are heading up to Alaska. Tanya, Kate, Carmen, and Zafrina were kind enough to let us spend the night in their home to watch from the backyard. I am very excited about it." "Thanks for the assurance but I already knew you wouldn't have strippers. Although, I could see Kate and Tanya having some show up, so be prepared. I was going to ask if you could invite Tess to the party. She is my friend and I want her to be included." "Really, I knew she would be at the wedding, but I didn't know you wanted her to be included before that?" "I just think you two should spend some time together. She is a good friend and I want you two to get along." "We get along," said Allie, but Zach arched an eyebrow at her. "She thinks you tolerate her. I told her she is just reading you wrong and the two of you haven't been around each other very much." "When did you and Tess talk about this?" "Last night, while you and Natalie were doing your last fitting." She sat up and eyed him curiously. "How often do you talk with Tess behind my back," she questioned and he huffed as he sat up as well. "I am not talking to her behind your back, nayeli. She is my friend and we call each other to check in from time to time. Tess tends to get in trouble, so I keep an eye on her." "She is a grown woman, Zach. She doesn't need you to keep an eye on her." "I know that, but she is my friend and I want what is best for her, which is why I want you two to get along. I am starting to think she is right though. Do you not like her?" "Of course I do, you two just have a past…." "We don't have a past, okay? She is my friend. She is part of the reason we even got together. She gave me that love token because she wanted me to find my mate. It led me to you, so I would think you would be happy that she is in our lives. I am not asking you to be as close with her as you are Natalie, but can you at least try," he asked as he pushed out his bottom lip in a pout and she sighed. "You know I can't resist that look," she whined and he happily nodded. "Yep, I know," he chuckled before kissing her tenderly. She playfully nudged him and rolled her eyes. "Fine, she can come to the party. You are right. I don't know her very well and that needs to change." "Thank you, now, let's get back to celebrating my birthday. I only turn seventeen once," he teased as he kissed her neck. "Don't remind me of your age, Cullen," she groaned and he smirked. "We're getting married soon and you are stuck with me so deal with it." She ran her hands over his chest and sighed happily. "I think I can do that," she whispered as she crawled on top of him and he chuckled. "Best birthday ever," he laughed and passionately kissed his mate. Alice helped Esme install the last strand of lights around the backyard while Jasper and Carlisle constructed the elegant, white wedding tent that encompassed most of the yard. "Esme, you were right. The sheer roof of the tent is perfect for this time of year. The night of the wedding, the stars will be out and it will add to the ambiance," commended Alice. "It will be exquisite, dear," agreed Esme. "I hope so," said Rosalie as she entered the tent and glided over to them. Alice smirked at her. "Are you really about to come in here to give me a lecture," asked Alice and Rosalie crossed her arms. "I just want everything to go well for my baby boy. He deserves nothing but the best and I want to make sure he gets it." "And you honestly think you need to tell me that? He is my nephew and I am going to make sure his wedding day is perfection. It is the celebration of the century, Rosalie." "You always say that." "And I always mean it, until I outdo myself, and I must say that I have completely outdone myself this time around." "Good because this is important to Zach and I don't want any issues. There will be no issues, right Alice," questioned Rosalie and Alice scoffed. "Rose, I promise you that this wedding will be absolutely amazing. I can't believe you would even question that. You should be thanking me for my patience, especially after the cruel threats of you and Edward. I will never forgive you for getting Connell involved as well. Jazzy says I am overreacting, but I may have to ask the Volturi to put my shoes under witness protection at this rate!" "And what exactly did they witness to need protecting from," laughed Rosalie. "Your evil ways," exclaimed Alice as Rosalie winked at her. "Thank you for giving Zach what he wanted for his birthday. I know you wanted to throw him a party." "Yes well, I agreed to not throw him one this year because of the wedding, but next year, he will have no choice in the matter. It will be his eighteenth birthday and I will go all out." "I am sure it will be the party of the century…again," teased Rosalie and Alice clapped happily. "Of course it will, now if you two will excuse me, I need to make a couple of calls. Rose, will you help Esme finish up in here," asked Alice. "I would love to," said Rosalie as Esme handed her some white candles to place on the tables Carlisle and Jasper were moving in. Alice skipped out of the backyard with a smile, but it faded once she was out of view. She darted to Edward and Bella's cottage and he was waiting for her by the front door. She looked around as she entered. "Bella and Renesmee are in Victoria, right," she asked and he frowned in confusion. "You see them there, so why are you asking?" "Because I am freaking out," she whispered harshly as she began to pace and Edward closed the door. "We have gone over this. There are some things you have to let play out because trying to stop them only makes them worse. Tell me I am wrong. Tell me you see something differently." "You know I don't….." "Then trust your instincts and your visions. You can't control everything, Alice. You know that." "I might not be able to control everything, but I can control a lot and I really don't want to deal with Rose's wrath if this all plays out. I just lied to her and I hate that." "You technically didn't lie," reminded Edward. "Make sure to put that on my tombstone, Edward!" "Everything will be fine and I think this is necessary." "How can you even say that," she questioned and he wrapped an arm around her. "Because your meddling is for good reasons, but you have to let people figure out things on their own as well. We will all be there to help with the fallout, but sometimes the fallout is needed. You know I am right." "Which is why I hate when you are right," she grumbled and he smiled crookedly. "It will be fine," he assured and hugged her, knowing that she was concerned about the days leading up to the wedding. The next days were spent preparing for the wedding and Alice focused her energy on decorating instead of worrying about her visions. With the help of Rosalie, Emily, Leah, Bella, Sue, Carmen, and Esme, she focused on putting the finishing touches on the rehearsal party while Allie, Natalie, and Renesmee took the stealth jet to Alaska. Renesmee was more than happy to fly the jet to Alaska to spend time with her cousin's future wife. Allie smiled appreciatively at Renesmee as they headed toward the Denali House. "Thank you for coming with us. Most of my friends don't even know I am a vampire, so I wasn't exactly in love with the idea of having a bachelorette party. I feel better knowing you will be there," confessed Allie and Renesmee winked at her. "There are going to be plenty of people at the party. Kate, Tanya, and Zafrina are excited about it and they invited Tia and Maggie as well. It will be fun." "Plus, you rather be with