Disclaimer: I own no one. All character's of SM. AN: I decided to put up a fic about what would happen after Breaking Dawn ends. All the Cullens are involved and it is about Renesmee and how she deals with Jacob imprinting….that is until an old friend comes to visit. I hope you enjoy and review! SM owns everything as usual. Chapter 1 It had been seven years since the Cullens had to face the Volturi. After that day, everything went back to normal or as normal as it could be for vampires. Jacob and his pack stayed close to the Cullens and even though Jacob still wasn't fond of vampires he stayed for Renesmee. The mystery of Renesmee's aging had been solved and they all knew that she would stop aging once she was seven years old. It was finally the day they all had been waiting for and Renesmee was very excited. She looked like she was a young woman now and just like the others in age. While it was still odd that she looked the same age as her parents, she knew very well who the authority figures were in the house. Her parents, aunts, uncles and grandparents were all very excited that she was now fully grown and of course Alice had to make a big deal about the occasion. "Oh Renesmee this is going to be great! I have already seen it and everyone will be so excited for you. Of course we had to invite all of the witnesses who helped with the Volturi and they will be just so happy to…." Jacob cut Alice off. "How do you know all this anyways Alice? I thought you couldn't see with me around," smirked Jacob who was trailing behind Renesmee and Alice. Alice rolled her eyes at his interruption but turned to look at him. "I don't know how else to say this to you dear Jacob but I have gotten past that little hiccup." Jacob crossed his arms and Renesmee sighed. This was how it usually was when he had discussions with any other vampire besides her, Bella, and sometimes Edward. Jacob still had his views on vampires and even though the Cullens did their best to include him for Renesmee's sake, there was still tension. "Well Alice, please humor me and explain again. I must have been ignoring you the last time…..or did you see that in a vision as well?" Alice glared at him and Jasper was quickly by her side calming her down. He spoke for her. "Jacob, Alice has become desensitized to you, Seth, and Leah. She can now have visions while you are all around even though it took a while for her to master that trait. Are there any other questions or can we leave you and Renesmee to whatever it is you two do," asked Jasper. Renesmee smiled at her uncle. "Of course Uncle Jasper that will be all. Aunt Alice, you are more than welcome to go all out since I know you will anyways. I don't have to see the future to know that," assured Renesmee. Alice hugged her niece and then skipped away with Jasper. Renesmee looked at Jacob. "Do you always have to be rude around them," asked Renesmee and Jacob just shrugged. "What, it was just a question I didn't know it was a crime." "Jacob, you always act like that toward them. My family has been very accepting of you hanging around even though it can be tense at times." They walked outside and sat down on the porch. "Yes well they don't seem to have a problem with Seth and Leah. I think they just have it out for me because of the past…." He stopped himself from saying too much. Renesmee didn't know anything about his past with her mother and they all felt that was best. "Look Nessie, it is just how things are alright? We didn't all get off on the right foot and we deal with each other just fine thank you." "Well I beg to differ. Jacob, you can't tell me you don't feel the tension at times and please don't call me Nessie." He frowned at her. "I thought you liked it when I called you that?" "I liked it years ago but I am older now and everyone else calls me Renesmee. My dad doesn't like to be called Eddie. It's the same thing." He sighed but then just smiled. "Fine but you will always be my little Nessie. I better get changed for tonight since leeches will be in the house for the party soon." She glared at him and stood up. "Leeches," she questioned and he winced knowing she hated that term. "Term of endearment," he tried but she shook her head. He laughed it off and shrugged. "Alright fine vampires, is that okay?" "Just go get dressed Jake," she sighed and then went for a walk. She hadn't even moved two feet when suddenly Jacob was right beside her. "Where are you going," he asked and she huffed. "I was just going to get some fresh air if that is alright with you dad! Jacob go get dressed I will be fine, I just need some fresh air." He slowly nodded and went back into the Cullen house. Esme and Carlisle graciously gave him, Seth and Leah a room even though they refused. Seth was the only one who actually slept in the room but Leah and Jacob put clothes in there from time to time. Renesmee headed toward the small cottage she shared with her parents. As she got closer she called out to them and they appeared in the doorway smiling at their daughter. Suddenly Edward frowned. "Jacob will be Jacob," he said amused as he read her thoughts and she rolled her eyes. He stuck his hand out and she quickly grabbed it. They normally communicated this way when they were trying to keep things quiet. Renesmee's power had grown and if she was touching her father she could communicate with him and whoever else was touching the two of them. He is driving me insane dad! I can't even leave without him wanting to know where I am or what I will be doing. Bella grabbed his other hand as they went into the house. Is everything alright with Jacob? Renesmee shook her head causing Bella to frown. They all sat down and released their hands from Edward's. "I think it will be safe to talk. Jacob isn't around. What is wrong," asked Edward as he subconsciously rubbed the back of Bella's shoulder while they listened to their daughter. "I just wish he could get along with everyone and things would be okay. Jacob is my best friend and I like having him around but sometimes….." "Sometimes what," asked Bella curiously. "Sometimes I feel like he is just always…..around like he is always here. I know Forks is small and we are really close but is this normal," questioned Renesmee. Bella and Edward looked at each other then put on smiles. "Of course it is normal you two are great friends and he just wants to be close to you. Don't worry Renesmee you are just changing and have a lot going on right now so you feel stressed. Speaking of which Alice is on her way here. She wants to get you dressed for tonight," explained Edward. Renesmee slowly nodded and went to meet Alice who was indeed skipping her way toward their cottage. Renesmee went to go meet her and go back to the house. Bella looked at her husband. "What should we do Edward? I think we should tell her about imprinting and why Jacob feels the need to be close to her," said Bella. He shook his head. "Not yet, her thoughts are all over the place and I think this might be too much to handle right now. Let's just let her enjoy her birthday and then we will figure out a way to explain it to her," suggested Edward and Bella slowly nodded. "Do you think something is wrong? I mean with the imprinting and how she is reacting lately. I thought she would be happy to have Jacob around all the time shouldn't that be how it works?" Edward thought for a moment. "This all just proves my point. Jacob is too eager to move their relationship to the next level but Renesmee is still only seven years old emotionally. She hasn't matured enough yet and he needs to understand that. It isn't like Quil just waited seven years and then he was with Clair. It takes time love and Jacob needs to get that through his thick head. I will have a talk with him. It will give us a good reason to get away from the company tonight because we both know Jacob can be less than civil to others of our kind." Bella giggled and nodded before walking to their closet to get dressed. Rosalie gritted her teeth as she tried to sneak past Alice's room and was caught. "In what world could you get past me? Honestly it is like everyone is insulting my powers today! Where are you going," asked Alice and Rosalie groaned but then turned to look at her sister. "I am ready, so don't try to lecture me on the importance of this party. I am simply looking for my husband who is missing." Alice giggled. "I know I just like messing with you. He is on his way back with Seth. They went running off somewhere earlier today." Rosalie nodded and went to wait on the porch. She heard a booming laugh in the forest and smiled knowing Emmett was about to appear. Two seconds later he was walking out with Seth who was putting back on a shirt. "That is so hilarious you have to run around naked all the time," laughed Emmett as Seth nudged him. "So what I don't mind it and you would think you would be used to it by now," defended Seth. "Sorry man but I will never get used to running around with a naked werewolf!" Rosalie rolled her eyes at both of them. "Do you know what time it is," scolded Rosalie and they both looked down. "Sorry Rose," they said in unison. "And are you even dressed!" "No Rose," they said again. "Exactly, all I asked is that you got ready in time Emmett. And you, I know you were distracting him Seth. You two are impossible together," said Rosalie. Leah laughed as she walked out of the house. She walked over to Rosalie who was glaring at Seth and Emmett. They both had their heads down as to not make eye contact. "What did they do this time? Is Forks still left in tact," smiled Leah and Rosalie pointed at a clock. "What time were they both supposed to be dressed," asked Rosalie and Leah sighed. "Alright Seth hurry up and Emmett no you cannot get dressed quickly and then come mess with him. I swear the two of you are just trouble," scolded Leah and Emmett covered his laugh as Seth punched his shoulder shushing him. "Sorry Rose, sorry Leah," they said together and ran inside to get ready for the party. Rosalie threw her hands up exasperated and then sat on the swinging chair. Leah joined her. "At least Seth has a reason to act like a little kid but Emmett has been a vampire since 1935," said Rosalie and Leah laughed as she shook her head. "They can't help themselves and I have a feeling Seth will never grow up either. So tell me how many vampires are going to be here tonight Rose?" Rosalie smiled at Leah seeing her a little nervous. The two of them were pretty close and liked to talk from time to time so she had a feeling Leah would come