AN: Happy Holidays! It has been a crazy year and it is bittersweet to see it go. Thank you to everyone that is still following along and sending me messages. I always read and appreciate them. It is great to get your responses to new characters and storylines being introduced, plus hearing what you hope to see in the future. I hope you enjoy! Chapter 1 Summers in the Pacific Northwest were full of clouds, rain, and the occasional shimmering of sunny days. By the end of July, the temperatures were warmer, but rain and fog still rolled in and out of the region. Esme found herself pacing, which was very unlike her, as she tried to patiently wait for Alice to return to the Cullen House on the outskirts of Forks. She inhaled deeply and closed her eyes to calm her nerves. She allowed her senses to take over and could hear raindrops plopping onto the roof and leaves in the surrounding forest. Soon, she heard the familiar pitter patter of feet racing at vampire speed toward the house and smiled at the sound of Alice's hum. Her daughter happily entered the house and darted into the study to greet her mother with a knowing smile and a hug. "It has been a while since I have seen you this nervous. You are almost as nervous about their date as Evan is," teased Alice. "Have you been able to see them? I hope tonight goes well." "Evan is becoming more predictable to me when he is with Callista, but I still have issues when he is around the entire pack. Maybe if I spend more time with them, I will be able to overcome that pesky issue. Eleazar believes that I need to be patient and my power will adapt to them. He says I shouldn't press the issue. It is like he doesn't know me at all!" Esme giggled and Alice handed her a plastic, black card. Esme kissed her cheek in thanks. "I should get this to Evan before he leaves for the date." "I thought they weren't calling it a date. Callista seems insistent on just being friends." "It has all the makings of a proper date and Evan is certainly courting her. Besides, it has been weeks now. She must feel the mate bond already." "Look at you, playing matchmaker and meddling to make sure it works out. I have never been as proud as I am in this moment," squealed Alice as she hugged Esme. "I better go. Do you know when Carlisle will…." "He is helping out at the hospital and will be there until Dr. Hoffman comes in at eight tonight. Zach, Allie, Rosalie, and Emmett are in La Push with Josh, Natalie, Jacob, and Leah. Seth and Kaya went to a music festival in Seattle. Renesmee and Nahuel went to an art and book fair in Olympia. Edward and Bella are enjoying some time alone in their cottage on the island and Jasper and I are about to go on a hunt. In other words, everyone is safe and sound, so please stop worrying." "I am a mother…" "You will never stop worrying," finished Alice. "Exactly, now if you will excuse me, I am going to check on Evan before his date. See you soon," called Esme as she exited the study. Alice waited until Esme was gone before pulling out her phone and dialing a number. She sighed as Eleazar picked up. "We need to talk about the pack and before you say it, I know you aren't an expert on shapeshifters, but I need help sifting through some visions I am getting," informed Alice as she began to nervously pace back and forth. Evan groaned as he tried to get his wavy hair to cooperate. Embry chuckled at his son and continued to watch him from the doorway of Evan's bedroom. Evan tugged at the tie he was wearing and Embry looked at him curiously. "Aren't you a bit overdressed for a movie? The black tie and vest are nice, but a bit formal." Evan growled in frustration and yanked off the tie. "Dad, it is an important non-date. I need to look good! Okay, maybe the tie is too much…or maybe it is just enough….I don't know and the person I could ask isn't even supposed to know I am going on a non-date because it is with his ex-girlfriend!" "Oh, I get it now. This is about Josh," said Embry as he walked over to his son and fixed the collar of his white dress shirt. Evan shrugged. "She liked Josh and I am nothing like him. He wears designer clothes and knows the difference between Gucci and Armani. All I know about this stuff is that I wore it to a school dance." "Can I make a suggestion," asked Embry as he sat down on the bed. "I have no clue what I am doing, so why not," grumbled Evan. He plopped down on the bed by his father and placed his face in his hands. "How about this, just be yourself?" "Really, that's the best you got," exclaimed Evan. "It worked for me and your mother. Plus, you have the added assurance of imprinting." "How did mom deal when she found out about the whole imprinting thing and you being a wolf? She must have freaked out." "It took her some time to deal with, but we figured it out. I waited until I was confident that she completely accepted me as me before telling her about my supernatural side. You are lucky to not have to deal with that issue though." "Yea, I dodged a bullet with that one. Drew is still having trouble telling Lexi. He is terrified that he will scare her off like he did Allie." "But Allie was never his imprint and Lexi is. Your situation is different though. Have you and Callista talked about telling Josh?" "This isn't about Josh, dad." "Really because you just mentioned his relationship with her so…." "I will deal with Josh later. This isn't about how he feels about Callista. It is about how Callista feels about me." "I just want you to be careful. Being so secretive isn't going to help in the long run. You are one of the most honest people I know and I never want that to change." "I am going to tell everyone, but they aren't as important as Callista. I want to know how she feels about me before I go shouting it to the world. We are still just hanging out and she says she wants to be friends. I respect that, I just wish she felt more for me." "Well, you can only hide this for so long from the pack. You will have to phase soon and when you do, they will know. If you refuse to phase, they will figure it out too." "I know, dad. I just need some time to be me with Callista instead of a member of a pack or Josh's friend. For once, this is only about me and how I feel about the woman I love." "You love her?" "Like you said, she is my imprint, of course I do." "I understand that. I just want you to be careful and sure of what you are doing. From the stories I have heard about her…." "Her past is no one else's business. Josh can play the victim all he wants, but there are two sides to every story," growled Evan and Embry put his hands up in surrender. "I meant no disrespect toward your imprint. I am just concerned as your father." Evan looked down at his balled up fists and sighed as he unclenched them. "Sorry, I know you are," conceded Evan and Embry patted him on the back. "You are protective of her. She is definitely your imprint. The anger is part of being a wolf as well though, so be careful because that can be a dangerous combination. Sounds like Esme is here," said Embry as he walked over to the window. Esme pulled into the driveway and Evan beamed with happiness. "I should go," said Evan as he hopped up, but Embry stopped him before he could run out the door. "You should change into something that you actually like. Stop trying to be Josh and just focus on being you," recommended Embry as he sifted through Evan's closet. He tossed a black, plaid shirt to his son and Evan chuckled. "Fine, I will change," agreed Evan and Embry shook his head with a smile as Evan quickly stripped out of the outfit he was wearing. He hopped on one leg around the room, much to the amusement of his father, until he was dressed in a casual pair of jeans and his buttoned up shirt. "Wish me luck," called Evan as he ran out of the house. "Have fun," called Embry. Evan waved happily at Esme as he jogged over to her. "Your heart is racing. You are nervous," said Esme and Evan smiled sheepishly. "Is it that easy to detect? I don't want Callista to know that I am nervous." "You have no reason to be nervous. You two will have a lot of fun and you have spent every day together since you first met. Tonight will be wonderful. Here, this is for you. The last thing you should have to worry about is money. Courting has changed immensely since Carlisle and I fell in love, but women are always fond of chivalry. Make sure she doesn't pay for a thing," advised Esme as she held out the black card, but Evan shook his head. "You don't have to give me money. I brought some for tonight." "Please, take it, for me. You should go see a movie in Victoria. Take the ferry there from Port Angeles. The rain has stopped and Alice says it will be the perfect, starry night and you will not have to worry about any run-ins with the others either." "Won't it feel more like a date if I do all of that? Our hangouts have been pretty casual, walking through Seattle, going for swims, talking all night….." "Doesn't it already feel like one," teased Esme as Evan blushed. "Yea, I just don't want to assume anything. I have never had a serious girlfriend, so it is like going from zero to a million. I feel so much for her all at once and I am not even sure if she wants to be my girlfriend. She keeps talking about us being friends. Esme, I am terrified of being in the friend zone for eternity." "That isn't going to happen. I was there when you two first saw each other. I know love when I see it. She is not simply interested in friendship." "But how do I even make the first move? I am not like Josh or even charming like Zach or cool like Drew. I don't have moves." "You don't need moves. Callista is a woman with experience and will be able to sense if you are trying to be something you are not. Stop worrying about what Drew, Zach, or Josh would do. She will love you because you are everything that she needs. Trust me on that," assured Esme and he sighed in relief as he hugged her. "Thank you. I better get going if I want to be on time." Esme smiled as she watched him get into his truck. Embry walked onto the porch and Esme joined him after Evan departed. "I hope they have fun," said Esme and Embry smiled at her. "Thank you for caring so much about him. I know you two are close and he cares what you think. Just so you know, you didn't have to give him money though. I take care of my family." "And you do a wonderful job of