It feels like forever since I last posted a story and with it now being November, I am going through Twilight withdrawals. It is such an odd feeling not having a new film to look forward to, so I am filling that void with another sequel in the Choice Series. I hope you enjoy! ~Emmettroselover Chapter 1 Zach glanced down at his watch impatiently again as his mother recited the rules and conditions of their arrangement. It was the day Zach had been waiting for since Alexander and Lena invited the entire family to Italy for the holidays. It was the last day of school before the holiday break for Josh and Zach could not contain his excitement to go pick up his best friend. He nodded emphatically at his mother as she finished her ramblings. "Which means you will come straight back here and not wander off into the forest, we are on a schedule, understand," asked Rosalie and Zach huffed. "Aw come on, mom, you know you can trust me by now. This isn't the first time I have picked up Josh, jeez," he whined. "But it is the first time that Garrett tagged along," she informed as she arched an eyebrow at Garrett and Zach chuckled. Garrett rolled his eyes. "Hey, I take offense to that. I am a responsible, mature adult. Wait, was that whole tirade about the rules of going to pick up Josh for me because if so, sorry I kind of zoned out," he confessed and Rosalie groaned in frustration. Zach snickered and Garrett shrugged as Kate walked over to console Rosalie. "Rose, you know if I thought this was a bad idea, I wouldn't let Garrett go. I understand your concern. After all, he is just a big kid…." "Hey," interrupted Garrett, but Kate ignored his outburst. "But seriously Rose, it will all work out and even Alice thinks it is a good idea. Garrett can be responsible…sometimes," giggled Kate and Garrett playfully glared at his mate. "Listen, I am more than capable of picking up Josh and keeping the two of them in line so that we make it back in time to catch the plane. We will go straight there and straight back. Simple as that," he assured and Zach began to pout. "Wait, does that mean we can't stop to hunt before we pick him up? You promised," accused Zach and Garrett waved him off. "Of course we are going to do that. I wonder how many elk I can take down. That could be a fun game," wondered Garrett. "You're on," exclaimed Zach as he high-fived Garrett and Rosalie threw her hands up in exasperation. "What happened to straight there and back," she questioned and Garrett shrugged. "That doesn't mean we can't make a couple of stops along the way." "Actually, Garrett that is exactly what it means. You three need to be back here before nightfall," warned Rosalie. "Don't worry so much Rose, it will be fine. A few elk, some deer, maybe a bear or mountain lion, pick up Josh, and we will be back in no time," assured Garrett. "Yep, easy as elk," agreed Zach with the dimpled grin he knew his mother could not resist. She let out a dramatic sigh, but nodded as the two of them headed toward the dock. "Garrett, remember that the two of them have made it from Forks and back just fine before you, so if anything happens, it will be your head," called Rosalie and Garrett winked at her. "Stop worrying so much. It will be great. We'll go for a quick hunt, pick up some girls, and probably Josh somewhere along the way," teased Garrett as he stepped onto the ferry with Zach. The icy glares of Rosalie and Kate let him know they were not amused and he laughed nervously. "That was a joke, Kate. You know I love you. Rose, have some faith. Zach, get us out of here before they change their minds," advised Garrett and Zach let out a booming laugh as he drove the ferry away from the shore. Garrett clapped Zach on the back with a big grin. "Those two worry too much," said Garrett and Zach smirked. "Yea, I didn't have to go through all of this when I just picked up J on my own. I still don't understand why we need an adult present." "Because we are picking Josh up a couple of hours early from school and an adult needs to be present to sign him out. Since his parents are making their way back from dropping Charlie and Sue off at the airport, one of us had to go and who better to not cramp your style than your ridiculously cool Uncle Garrett?" "I can't wait for Josh to finally graduate so we don't have to go through all of this just to hang out." "Well, after this school year, he will be a senior, so you don't have much longer. Now don't tell your mom this, but I think she has a point about hunting. We should probably just get to the school and come back." "I hunted with my mom and dad before you got here anyways, so that's fine. After all, the sooner we get Josh, the sooner we can get to Italy." "Sounds like a plan," chuckled Garrett and Zach revved the engine as he sped toward the shore of Washington. Josh glanced up at the clock above the classroom door he anxiously wanted to escape through. He knew Zach and Garrett would be there soon enough, but each minute seemed to take hours. He spent the entire day thinking about the trip to Italy and all of the things he wanted to do. His science teacher's lecture seemed like jumbled words as he thought about the glamorous vacation he was about to go on. He was about to be back in the world that he loved, the world his classmates knew nothing about, and he could not wait to be able to be himself again. As soon as the phone rang in the classroom, he grinned from ear to ear and his teacher motioned for him to stand up. "Joshua, gather your things. You are leaving early today. Please head to the office and make sure you have all of your belongings," said the teacher and Josh was already zipping up his backpack and heading out the door. "Yep, already taken care of, bye Mrs. Lucas, Merry Christmas," called Josh as he jogged out of the classroom. By the time he turned the corner, he was in a sprint to get to the office and he smiled when he saw Zach and Garrett waiting for him, but it faded when he noticed Garrett's uneasiness. It did not take long for Josh's smile to return when he realized the situation and he snickered along with Zach while Garrett created some distance between himself and the middle-aged secretary that was devouring him with her eyes. "Well, Mrs. Hill, I would love to stay here and…." "Actually, it is Miss Hill. I am not married, still looking for the right, tall, handsome man to come into my life. I haven't seen you around town before. You must be new," cooed the woman and Garrett gulped. "Um, no, just passing through to pick up my nephew's best friend and….." "Oh, how sweet of you, when Mrs. Black called to notify us that Joshua would be picked up by a family friend, I didn't imagine that friend would be so gorgeous or have such long hair. It is rare for a man to look so handsome in a ponytail, but I must say it just adds to your ruggedness. Where are you from?" "Alaska, just like my wife, well we have to go, but thank you for your help," mumbled Garrett as he rushed the boys out of the office and the woman followed him with her eyes. "Have a Merry Christmas," she called and he waved as he sighed in relief. "Man, Garrett, we can't take you and your ponytail anywhere," teased Josh as Zach grinned mischievously. "Yea, you and your ruggedness are just too much," added Zach. Garrett glared at the boys as they snickered. "Not a word of this to Kate," warned Garrett and Zach shrugged. "That's fine. She won't hear it from us. I am sure Aunt Alice is already filling her in," chuckled Zach. "Let's just get out of here before we have anymore issues," grumbled Garrett, but the sound of footsteps drawing near made them all turn around. It was Josh's turn to groan and he put on a polite smile. A stocky man in a jumpsuit jogged over to them. "You must be Zach, Josh's friend. Wow, I heard you were tall, but this is better than I expected. I am Coach Taggert, the head football coach for the Spartans," said the man and Garrett took a step in front of Zach and Josh to make his presence known. "Yes, this is my nephew and I am Garrett. Can we help you with something?" The coach took a step back, sensing the threat that humans could never quite put their finger on. "Sorry, I didn't mean to ambush your boys here. It is just that with football season coming to an end and Josh only having one more year left to play for the team, I figured I would try to appeal to his comrade. Zach, word around here is that you are homeschooled, but I think that may be a mistake. You and Josh could be just what the Spartans need next season. With your size and my coaching, I think we could take Forks High all the way to state next year. Now Josh, I know you already turned me down once, but wouldn't it be great if you and your buddy here could be on the team together for your senior year?" Josh tried his best not to roll his eyes and Zach smiled sympathetically at the coach. "I am flattered. Really, I am, but I am not into sports. Besides, homeschooling is what I prefer. It allows me certain….freedoms, that public school does not, but thank you," said Zach. "Yea Coach T, we appreciate it, but we aren't football players," added Josh. Garrett pulled Josh and Zach toward the exit. "We are on a schedule, but it was nice meeting you," said Garrett. "If you are ever interested, just have your parents call me. It really is a great way to spend your senior year," called the coach as the three of them left the school. They laughed as they heard him mutter about the two boys being such a waste of talent. They slid into Zach's convertible and Zach sped away as Garrett shook his head in disbelief. "Okay, I am just going to say it. School is weird. I don't know how your parents survived it," said Garrett and Zach smirked. "I know and my parents did it multiple times." "Talk about torture," groaned Josh. "How long has that guy been trying to recruit you, J," asked Zach. "Ever since I became taller and bigger than the rest of the boys in school, he says I have the potential to be a great football player." "I am sure your talents will be better used elsewhere," teased Zach. "Oh yea, all my alphaness is saved up for special occasions, occasions people in that school can never even imagine." Garrett frowned at the comment. "Does it ever bother you, not being able to tell anyone that you go to school with about your abilities and life outside of this small town," asked Garrett. "Yea, but I am used to it by now. I am just ready to get out of school. It is a big burden. I know my parents wanted me to have a normal teenage experience by going to school, but I