AN: I cannot believe how fast time has passed! It is already December and since 2013 is coming to an end, I figured why not end it with another addition to The Choice Series? This one was definitely one of those that I did not plan on writing, but had a blast with, so I hope you enjoy it. Also, I just started a twitter for The Choice Series, so for all you twitter lovers out there, you can now follow me at TheChoiceSeries. I hope everyone that celebrates had a great Thanksgiving and here is Bella's Choice! Chapter 1 There was an eerie calm deep within the Olympic Forest in the middle of the night. The clouds blanketed the sky and fog hovered over the forest floor. It had been two weeks since the Cullens, Denalis, and Blacks returned from their Italian vacation and the wintery conditions of Washington in January were a stark contrast to Isola Marcime. Zach let out a growl of frustration as he began to pout and his uncle chuckled at his impatience. "It has been five minutes. You really cannot stand still for that long," asked Jasper in amusement and Zach huffed. "It isn't the standing still part. It is having my eyes closed and standing in the middle of the forest when I could actually be having fun," whined Zach. "I thought you were excited about training with me." "I thought training with you would be fun." Jasper chuckled again. "I am trying to teach you how to rely on your other senses instead of just your ability. You need to learn how to focus and channel your energy into your other senses. The reason I suggested this in the first place is because you are fifteen years old. You are becoming a man." Zach opened his eyes and turned to face his uncle with a frown. "Uncle Jasper, I have been full grown since I was five years old." "Physically, but now you are reaching a level of maturity that proves you are ready to develop on a different level. As vampires, we are frozen in time physically, but that does not mean we cannot grow mentally and emotionally. I saw the way you interacted with other vampires in Italy, especially the females, which your mother is still not enthused over by the way. It has just made me realize that you are not simply my little nephew anymore. You are becoming a man and it is my duty as your uncle to make sure you are embracing every part of your vampire nature. Now, close your eyes." "But I want to go play baseball," whined Zach. "Maybe I am overestimating your maturity." "Maybe this is just overkill." "Nope, it is necessary, but since you refuse to not peek, you must wear this," said Jasper as he removed the scarf from his neck and placed it around Zach's eyes. "Are you serious?" "Yes, now stop talking. Listen, nephew. Listen to what is happening around you. Focus on your other senses. Hear the forest, smell the air until you can taste it, and feel the moisture of the fog around us," urged Jasper. Zach took in a deep breath and did as he was told. The moisture from the fog surrounding them collected onto his skin. The pungent, sweet aroma of the evergreens filled his nose and he let the sounds of the forest consume him. "Okay, I am using my other senses, but now what?" Jasper did not respond, which made Zach frown. "Uncle Jasper," he called and the question echoed around the forest. Zach began to take off the scarf when he heard the abrupt pitter patter of feet rushing toward him. He yanked off the scarf and spun around just in time to see his uncle in midair, lunging toward him. "Whoa," shrieked Zach in surprise, but his shriek turned into laughter as his force field pulsed through him in time to knock Jasper back. Zach pumped his fist as his uncle crashed into the forest floor with a loud thud. "Really Uncle Jasper, this whole thing was a ruse so you could finally beat me?" Jasper smirked as he dusted himself off. "No, it was a test to see if you could focus long enough on your other abilities. Vampires can be quite stealthy. What happens if you ever had to face an opponent like Zafrina that could blind you or Alexander, someone that could sneak up on you instantly?" "Why are you so worried about this? I am awesome. I have proven that I can kick plenty of butt, so why am I out here when a massive storm is about to roll through and make for perfect baseball weather?" "It isn't about proving anything….." "Yes, it is. I always have to prove myself. I am the youngest, the baby of the family. I get lectured anytime I go pick up Josh. I constantly have to refrain from using my power even though everyone else in this family can use theirs freely." "Not Keegan," reminded Jasper, but Zach waved him off. "He is a firestarter. The guy could potentially destroy entire regions with his power. That is different. Uncle Jasper, I don't need all this training to prove my ability or who I am. I am Zach McCarty Cullen. I belong to the coolest family. My best friend is the most powerful wolf of all time and I just so happen to be a pretty powerful vampire if I do say so myself. Maybe you should put a little more faith in me and spend a little less time trying to find flaws in my power." "It isn't about not having faith in you." "Yes, it is." "No, it is about keeping you safe," shouted Jasper in frustration and Zach was surprised by his admission. "Uncle Jasper, I am safe. Wait, did Aunt Alice see something? Does my mom know? She would totally kick the butt of anyone that came close to me even before I had the chance so…." "No, it isn't that," laughed Jasper. "Then what is going on? Why are we here?" Jasper took in a shaky breath as he stepped closer to his nephew. "As I am sure you have noticed from all the stories of my past, coming to this family was not an easy transition for me. It took me longer than I ever imagined it would to become acclimated to the environment of a family setting and even longer to begin to trust everyone. I was trained to not trust other vampires, ever, but our family does not work that way. I never imagined when I was first turned that I would have so much and be surrounded by people that I not only trust, but love. You are my nephew, Zach, and even though I know you can take care of yourself I am extremely protective of you," confessed Jasper and Zach smiled slyly at him. "Even as protective as my mom?" Jasper scoffed. "No, that is impossible," teased Jasper as he ruffled the curls of Zach's hair. "That's true," chuckled Zach. "However, that does not mean I do not believe it is my duty to make sure you are always prepared. We come from a very powerful family, but what our family also shows us is that powerful beings are out there, some we may not even know of, and it is my job to make sure you can always protect yourself." "So you blindfolded me and tried to sneak attack me? I will always be able to use my ability and stop you." "Do not get cocky, nephew. That is what I am trying to teach you. A good warrior never underestimates his opponents or the circumstances he may find himself in. The only way you have used your force field is if you can see what is coming, but if you could harness your other senses so that they can help guide you, maybe you can tap into your power even more." "Wait, so you think I may be even more powerful than I already am?" Jasper pondered the question for a moment as he began to circle Zach. "Eleazar believes that your power will develop as you get older. It is the pattern we have all seen with our abilities. There is a time when I could not control the way others' emotions affected me. Your Aunt Alice can now tap into her visions easier and has more control than she did when she was first turned. Your Aunt Bella had to train in order to reach her potential as a shield and she still finds new ways to use her power. It is about learning control, nephew. That is what I am trying to teach you because even though you have never faced an opponent that you could not conquer, we exist in a world full of the unknown. Never get too cocky. Never underestimate anyone. Oh, and never turn your back on your opponent." Before Zach could question his advice, Jasper gave him a swift leg sweep, knocking Zach on his back. Jasper laughed as his nephew began to pout. "Hey, that was cheating," shouted Zach and Jasper helped him up. "Yes, it was, but I still managed to catch you off guard." "You are my uncle. I am supposed to be able to have my guard down around you." "Point taken, now, since you have shown great patience, I suppose we could go find the others and get ready for the baseball game." "Cool! I have to go see J first though. He got in trouble at school and I am pretty sure this is the perfect time to tease him about it." "Well go have fun while you can. Your Aunt Alice warned me that the mood may be somber later on." Zach frowned in confusion, but could tell by his uncle's look that he should leave it at that. He gave his uncle a quick hug in thanks before heading in the direction of La Push. Josh sat down in one of the lounge chairs on the front porch of his house as he tried to focus on the book in front of him. He knew he did not want to be inside his house at the moment, but was also not allowed to leave the premises anytime soon, according to his mother. He could hear the voices inside, but tried to drown them out, refusing to acknowledge the subject matter they spoke of. "Charlie, is this really necessary," asked Edward from inside the house as he joined the rest of the adults at the table. Edward, Bella, Renesmee, Nahuel, Seth, and Kaya sat beside Jacob and Leah as Charlie and Sue stood in front of them at the kitchen table. "What is the point of putting it off any longer? This year, I will be seventy eight years old and Sue will be….." "Younger than that," interrupted Sue. Charlie kissed her and smiled. "Right, so it is time to talk about the inevitable," announced Charlie as he placed a folder on the table. Edward glanced at his mate and daughter. "Charlie, maybe this isn't the best time," advised Edward. "There is never a good time for something like this. We asked for everyone to meet us here because we have written our wills," revealed Charlie. "What," shrieked Renesmee and Seth, but Bella, Leah, and Jacob simply sighed. "I guess we should have seen this coming," admitted Leah and Sue smiled comfortingly at her daughter. "We don't plan on going anywhere anytime soon, but things happen. We want to be prepared and we have thought about this since Billy passed away," explained Sue. "We weren't prepared when my dad passed and I wish we would have been. Rachel and Rebecca weren't exactly fond of going through his things and deciding how to divide it up. It wasn't the best experience for