Learning to Love Hello! Before you start reading, there were a few things I wanted to say! First, this is my first story EVER and I would appreciate as much feedback as possible! This chapter will be shorter than the rest; it's more of an introduction. NOTE: Anything in italicized font is a flashback Your feedback is much appreciated! Thanks for reading! Chapter One The rain clattered onto the window shield of my car like continuous buckets dropping water from the sky above. I turned my wipers onto full speed to try and see the headlights of the car in front of me, while I also turned off the CD that was playing Disney songs throughout my black SUV. The storm was getting worse and worse, resulting in the distance I could see in front of me becoming smaller and smaller. I gripped onto the steering wheel tightly, my knuckles turning a bright white. I loved rain and storms when I was watching them from the large window off of the entrance in my home, but inside a car on a major freeway was a completely different story. "Mommy, why did you turn off the music? It was at the best part! In the movie, that's where Elsa uses magic to turn from a normal princess into an ice princess! Her gown and hair change at that part, mommy!" I took a glance in my rearview mirror to look at the pouting four year old in my backseat. It was a sight to see. Her raven-colored hair was in two braids that were slowly falling out of place. I figured it was from her playing dress-up all day; taking on and off clothes can really mess up a good hair-do. She was currently wearing a big, puffy yellow dress that was an exact replica of Belle's from "Beauty and the Beast." Her big, beautiful gray eyes were full of sadness and irritation that was aimed at me for stopping the song "Let it Go." She was a great singer, and I enjoyed listening to her recite the lyrics, but I needed no distractions while driving in this awful weather. The red taillights of the car ahead of me were just visible with all of the rain coming down. When I saw the lights become brighter, indicating they were stopping, I carefully pressed down on my brakes. I was becoming more and more worried about hydroplaning. After bumper-to-bumper traffic for the next two minutes, we came to a complete and abrupt stop. "Can you put the music on now? We're stopped! Please? I want to sing along to music from "Beauty and the Beast" just like Belle! I'm Belle, mommy, and I need to sing my parts in the song!" I laughed a little and shook my head no. "Bella, we might start moving again at any second. I brought your princess coloring book and some crayons. Why don't you color a picture for me?" I reached over to the passenger seat and grabbed the coloring book and Ziploc bag of Crayola crayons that I packed for her. I briefly turned around and held them out to her so she would take them. She started to reach for the bag and coloring book, but stopped her hands from taking them when she was just centimeters away. "Mommy, my name is Belle now, not Bella. I am Princess Belle, and I'm even wearing a yellow dress just like her! Call me Belle. I changed my name to Belle Grace Hawthorne. It's not Bella or Arabella anymore, okay, mommy?" I couldn't help the smile that spread across my face. She seemed to notice and took that as me agreeing to this name change, so she took the supplies out of my hand and started to color a picture of Belle and The Beast dancing around in a ballroom. I turned back around and resumed to my position with both hands on the steering wheel. The storm was picking up all around us. The rain started to come down even harder, and the wind was swaying my huge car from side to side. I wonder how the people in smaller cars were dealing with this weather. I was distracted from my thoughts when I saw my phone lighting up on the passenger seat from the corner of my eye. We were still sitting in the same place as ten minutes before, so I figured it would be okay to answer my phone and not be distracted. If we started to move again, I would simply hang up and focus back on the road in front of me. I looked at the screen on my phone and smiled at the picture of my sister's face illuminating on it. I slid the small green button to the left so it would answer. "Hey there, Little Duck." I heard her groan and then laugh at the nickname I created for her ten years ago. Her reaction ended up making me laugh. "Hi, Katniss! How are you and my little princess?" I didn't really know how to answer. Prim knew that things in my life weren't going that great. My marriage was a disaster and on the verge of ending, I was still unemployed, and we had a huge plumbing problem earlier this morning resulting in water damage in the master bathroom, basement, and two guest rooms. "Your little princess was in a lot of trouble earlier." I told her with a small sigh. I heard Prim gasp on the line. Bella had Prim wrapped around her little finger, and with that Prim believed she could do no wrong. "What? My sweet, innocent Bella? How did she get into trouble?" I looked in the rearview mirror at my "Sweet, innocent Bella" and then back up at the road ahead. I had a feeling we would be stuck in this stormy traffic for a long time, so I started to tell Prim the story of this morning. I woke up with water squishing between my toes and automatically knew this was going to be a long day. I quickly picked up my robe off of the chair in the corner of the room and ran to the master bath on the other side of the room. As I was walking, I could feel the amount of water on the carpet become even colder and more abundant. I walked into the bathroom and realized my feet were standing in a massive puddle that engulfed all of the tiles on the floor. It wasn't dirty water, so that only meant one thing; the pipes burst. I carefully moved out of the flooded bathroom and down the hall to Bella's room. I didn't see or feel any water, which was a huge relief. " Bella, wake up! It's time to get ready for school!" I turned her bedroom light on and walked over to her closet. I grabbed the cute floral skirt I bought for her last week which consisted of light pink, red, and black flowers. I went into the "shirt" part of her closet and picked out the light pink shirt that matched her new skirt perfectly. " Mommy, I thought you said I could pick out my own clothes now?" She pouted. I sighed and tossed the clothes on her bed where she was still sitting. " Bella, something happened and water is leaking all over the house. I would appreciate it if you could please put on these clothes while I call grandma to come take you to school. Okay?" Her eyes widened and she nodded quickly. I didn't think twice about it and ran back to my bedroom. Along the way, I felt the carpet squish under my toes when I passed one of our guest rooms. I made a mental note to remind myself to check it out as soon as I ended the call to my mother. I walked over to my phone and grabbed it. I dialed my mother's home phone and waited for her to answer. It rang four times, growing frustrated, I started sliding the "end" button on my screen to hang up when she finally answered. Before she could even say a greeting, I started talking. " Mom, can you please take Bella to school? Something happened and the water pipes burst everywhere! I have a job interview this morning, but now I think I'll be here at home with a plumber and trying to mop up all of this water!" I was frantic. She could easily tell, and told me to sit down. I ignored her order and started running to the other guest room we had. The carpet was even wetter outside of that door. I couldn't go in; I would freak out. " Katniss? I know you're not listening to me when I said to sit down. I can hear your heavy breathing from running around assessing the damage. I'll be there in ten minutes to feed Bella and take her to school. Now, get off of the phone and call a plumber!" I nodded, but realized she couldn't see me. I didn't even bother saying goodbye and quickly ended the call. I took a deep breath to calm myself down and walked over to Bella's room. She was stubborn like me, so she wasn't wearing the clothes I laid out for her. Instead, she was wearing the big, yellow dress that Belle from "The Beauty and The Beast" wears. Usually, I would make her take it off since she was going to school, but I had other things on my mind. " Come here so I can put your hair in braids." I could see the look of shock on her face when I didn't make her take off the dress, but she quickly replaced the shock with a smile and ran over to me with her pink brush and elastic hair-ties. I was able to put her hair in perfect braids within one minute. She jumped off of the bed and went downstairs with me right on her heels. I poured her a bowl of Lucky Charms, something my husband claimed was very unhealthy, but I didn't give a shit at the moment. I saw the sparkle in her eye when I put the bowl of sugary cereal in front of her. Hopefully she didn't have to sit still for too long at school, otherwise she would be bouncing off the walls once she returned home. " Katniss! Bella! I'm here, where are you guys?" I heard my mother's voice ring throughout the front foyer. " We're both in the kitchen!" I yelled back. I took my phone out and started searching for plumbers in the area when she finally walked in. She placed a kiss on Bella's head and set her purse down on the kitchen table. She looked over at me and sighed. She must have figured out I didn't call a plumber yet when she saw me staring at my phone screen. I was able to find a plumber not too far away, so I pressed on the number that was located on their website. My phone automatically connected to it and dialed the number. I saw my mother mouthing words to me, but I couldn't tell what she was trying to say. I raised an eyebrow at her and held my hands out to my side to show her I had no idea what the hell she was talking about. " Did you turn the water off?" She asked me while sitting down in the seat next to Bella. She turned her gaze down to Bella and looked at her for a long time. She must have noticed Bella's outfit choice. I was too busy worrying about getting Bella ready in an outfit that she didn't even put on, that I forgot to turn off the water. I started running to the basement to turn it off when the never-ending ringing on