Title: The long way – The ten walkers Author: Lilya E-mail: lilyathedreamerhotmail.com Genre: Action/Adventure/Angst/ Drama/Romance… Personally I think there's a bit of everything. Summary: On October 14th , right in the middle of the war against Voldemort, Victoria Cross, seventh-year Slytherin, left Turin via Floo Powder to reach Hogwarts. She never arrived there. Instead she ended up in Middle Earth, but maybe it wasn't just a case. The girl started a long journey… Main characters: The Fellowship of the Ring (especially Boromir and Frodo) Victoria Cross (OC) Pairing: slight Frodo/Victoria Rating: PG-13 Disclaimer. This story is contains: Peter Jackson's movie "The Fellowship of the Ring" 80% and J. R.R. Tolkien's book 5%. Ergo, the remaining 15% should be mine. If you have already heard it, read it or seen it somewhere else, then it's not mine. Thanks to: My big sister Veronica, who made me write this story; Alessandra for her gags and Lara, who invented Gondor dialect. I love ya, girls, you rock my world! A very special thanks to my wonderful beta-reader, Daughter of Olorin. Without her, this story would be worse… Very Important Author's Notes: Okay, folks, I know nobody likes author's notes but this time you can't skip them. This is a Lord of the Ring/Harry Potter crossover, well, really it's a crossover with two fan fictions I wrote about Harry Potter. You don't need to read them: many things will be explained during the story, but if you wish to, they're called "Drops of water wearing through the stones" and "She stayed". You can find them in the Harry Potter section of this very site. This is not the usual "XXI-century-girl-dropped-in-Middle Earth"…well, not completely, at least. Victoria – said XXI century girl – doesn't end up in past times, nor in the book, nor in the film. To her, Middle Earth is another universe. In her XXI century, "The Lord of the Rings" doesn't exist. This means that she doesn't know what's going to happen nor why she's there (yes, there's a reason why she's there. And it's not stealing my favorite character's heart). I know that Common Tongue is not English, but this fic is already too long without Victoria taking Common Tongue or Elvish class. Please bear with me. I don't know if this is Mary-Sueish or not. If it is, then please tell me. = speech " " = thoughts = Elvish. Italic = foreign language (Italian, Gondor local speech, Piedmont local speech, Latin) Italic paragraphs = flashbacks Italic & bold = emphasis Thank you for you attention. And now let's get started. THE LONG WAY Part one: The ten walkers CHAPTER I : THE WISH Are you all right, mister Frodo? asked Samwise Gamgee, his eyes full of worry. Frodo Baggins cast him half a smile and nodded, keeping his concentration on the road. The way to Rivendell was quite long, especially for the short legs of a Hobbit. It wasn't only the journey that weighed heavily over him. No, it was the ring he kept close in his pocket that made it all harder. A sudden noise started him, but he relaxed when he saw it was just Merry and Pippin. Sam turned to scold them for the noise and their reckless behavior and Frodo ran a hand over his own pale forehead. He almost envied his two younger cousins, so lively ad carefree, who didn't understand the real danger of that mission. "I wish I could be like them…" he thought, his hand automatically stoking the pocket where the Ring was. The heaviest weight of all. Strider threw him a worried glance, but he didn't speak. Frodo stopped to look at the strange quartet that was his fellow-travelers: the trustworthy Sam, his young and heedless cousins and a nameless stranger…all there to help him, but nobody really understood. He wouldn't wish such a responsibility to anyone else, never. But… The girl sat on a wooden bench leaning forward, in one of the aseptic waiting rooms that there were in the Turin Section of the Nation Ministry of Magic. In that room, there was no on else but her. Outside the window, the city – her city – lived and pulsed, but its sounds didn't reach her hears. She kept toying absentmindly with the silver ring she wore on her left hand. She turned it around her finger, took it off, put it on again, put it on another finger, and then the dance started all over again, barely changing the succession of its steps. She didn't know exactly what she was thinking about: maybe everything, maybe nothing…maybe she was just trying to ignore the lump in her throat. A hawk struggled in a cage on a big trunk, the girl raised her eyes to meet his own. You aren't looking forward to go back to Hogwarts as well, are you? The hawk ruffled his feathers Neither do I. She sighed and kept on playing with her ring. The green stone sparkled in the sunlight coming from the windows. Then the ring stopped. But what do you want to do about it… she said. …We have no choice. The dance started again. Faint footsteps approaching were heard in the corridor and the door was slowly opened by a pale clerk in a gray-smoke suit. Miss Cross, if you want to follow me… The girl straightened her back with a sigh, putting on her ring. Doing so, she brushed a fingertip against one of the two snakes that held the green stone. She got to her feet, took the cage with the hawk in her left hand and with her right one she dragged the trunk. It was very heavy, but it wasn't exactly a surprise. In that trunk, Victoria Cross had her life…or at least what remained. She followed the clerk through corridors spotless and empty, passing by offices full of agitation. It almost didn't look like they were in the middle of a war. They reached an heavy wooden door. Here you are, Miss Cross, said the man holding the door open to let her pass. You can use this fireplace. Victoria pushed the trunk inside the unlit fireplace, putting the cage on it. The hawk struggled again but differently. I know, I know…I don't like traveling via Floo Powder as well. When you're ready, miss… the clerk coughed holding out to her a vase filled with a strange powder, impatient to go back to his triple-copy modules. Victoria sighed, wiping a hand over her forehead: there was no escape. She turned and marched decidedly toward the man, glaring at him. Under that gaze, he swallowed nervously. The girl reached instinctively for the powder with her right hand, but she almost stopped, hesitant. Her hand fell back by her side, the powder slid among the clenched left hand, brushing lightly the ring without scratching it. She marched back into the fireplace and there she hesitated for a moment. She took a deep breath, closed her eyes and reopened them. "Any place in the world would be better than…" Hogwarts! She shouted throwing down the powder. A vortex captured her, the trunk and the cage with hawk and they all disappeared. Frodo raised his head and looked around. Something was going to happen, he felt it…But what if it was just a trick of his own imagination? He shook his head, worried, but his reflections were interrupted by Merry and Pippin. Look! they shouted, pointing to a clearing a few meters away from them. Right in its middle something really strange was happening. There was a kind of "tear," something like a spot that was growing larger and larger. Beyond its jagged "borders" was only a confused blue-violet mass, like storming clouds carried by the wind. What is that? asked Sam, frightened. I know it not, replied Strider, unsheathing his sword. But I don't like it. If only Gandalf was here… Merry murmured as Strider pushed them back, ready to face whatever creature would come out of that portal. To their great astonishment, first thrown out was a cage with a big bird inside, then an enormous trunk…And finally came the girl. She could have been between thirteen and eighteen years old, it wasn't easy to tell. She had a girl's body, but there was something about her that made her look older. She had straight hair, lighter than Frodo's, dark complexion and violet eyes. As a whole, she was quite a common girl. She was that kind of girl who is called with a series of adjectives from "gracious" to "pretty", but never beyond. The confused expression she wore on her face made her look like a child and gave her a sweet air, but surely nobody would ever mistake her for an Elf. The only particular things about her were her clothes, the strangest ones that Frodo had ever seen. She wore a white blouse under a gray, shirtless sweater, a little green-and-white striped scarf strangely tied around her neck, a gray skirt that barely passed her knees, pink socks and a strange pair of back and white shoes. On those clothes, she wore a long, black tunic with a strange embroidery on her heart. Strider lowered his sword, but didn't sheathed it back: the girl looked unarmed and harmless, but it could be a trap. Who are you? she asked, getting back to her feet and eyeing them up and down, which was not exactly friendly. Where the hell am I? You're in Middle Earth, milady, exactly on the road to Rivendell, the Elven City. I am Strider, and these are my fellow-travelers. The girl frowned menacingly. I warn you, I'm not in the mood to be laughed at… She almost growled as her eyes flashed dangerously. Fordo started softly. There was something slightly alarming in those eyes…and by the way Strider looked at her, he realized he hadn't been the only one who noticed. What is your name? he asked her sternly. Victoria Cross. Vicky Cross. I've never heard a name of this sort. He looked at her more sternly, but she didn't care and simply shrugged her shoulders. It's not my problem. Instead, I believe it is. Where are you from? Turin, Italy. I know no place called like this… he replied. What was that tear? How did you get here? I don't have the slightest idea. What if she's a spy? asked Sam, worried. No… said Strider, sheathing his sword. …just a lost girl. Would you mind to stop talking like I wasn't here? said Victoria. Forgive us. Do you know how to go back home? She rolled her eyes. I thought I said I don't know how I get here. However, if I knew it do, you think I'd stay here chatting with you, genius? Watch you mouth, girl. Listen, if you don't feel like helping me, then you'd better get out form my way and be gone, instead of wasting my time. Frodo came near the Ranger and tugged at his cloak to attract his attention. The man bent down. I think we should let her come with us, Strider. At those words, the man cast the girl a brief glance and then turned to look at the small Hobbit. Are you sure, Frodo? I don't think we should trust this stranger… But look at her! Frodo replied decidedly, astonishing his fellows and himself first. She's alone and lost, she doesn't know how to go back home…we can't leave her here, she's just a girl. Mister Frodo, if I may say so…I don't like that girl. Sam is right. Merry backed him up. She has something strange…especially in her eyes. Didn't it occur to you that she could be scared? Frodo replied. Think about it. She's far away from home, in a strange place she doesn't know and she can't leave, with some strange people… Strider sighed, All right. He turned to the girl Since you have no place to go, you