A golden haired boy pushed a small pink box into the awaiting arms of a shorter girl. "Here. This is for you." The girl, named Marlene, tilted the box softly to the side. Hearing something move within it, Marlene smiled approvingly. "Thank you, Adam. What is it?" Adam rolled his eyes, "Just a gift from Dad and I. But-" and here he leaned in close, "-I'd open it on the train if I were you. I doubt Aunt Sandra would be too pleased." Marlene glanced up from analyzing the box, a grin creeping onto her face. "Something mum won't like? Oh, I love it already!" The two shared a quiet laugh before Marlene was swept into hugs and goodbyes from the rest of her family. Less than two minutes later she was being pushed toward the red and black train. It took a second for her to get her bearings, the place was much more crowded than she'd anticipated. The people jostled her side to side, and Marlene feared her hair would come out of its braid. There's so many people, she thought. And she'd be right to think so. In her opinion, there were far too many people crowded around in the train station, but this was a matter of how she was raised. The McKinnon's were a proud family, albeit they were a bit small. See, they were a pureblood family, like plenty of people in Europe-though most refused to acknowledge they were slowly dwindling in number-and like all the others, valued their privacy. Meaning, they shielded themselves away from others without the same blood running in their veins and only went out into society on very few occasions. Marlene had only ever seen her family, a handful of family friends, and the people in Diagon Alley before. They lived out in the middle of nowhere, and you have to understand, it was literally out in the middle of nowhere. There was about 21 acres of open land before the whole area mixed into a beautiful forest. The large mansion the McKinnon's lived in was closer to the edge of the forest than the middle. A gravel road lead into a cul-de-sac in the front of the house and lead out into 'civilization', as Adam would call it. Most people would probably want to have friends to visit or have neighbors at least, but not the McKinnon's. It was a tradition to live alone with only your family. After all, it was one of the things they were most known for, that and being a noble family. Of course there were a few exceptions, all families had them after all. Marlene was almost positive she had a third cousin who lived in Ireland. And perhaps a Great Uncle who went to live in Africa. I'll have to look into that, she thought. Her feet strapped in polished black shoes stopped just before stepping onto the metal contraption. What would happen if she just…turned back? What if, maybe, this was all just a mistake and her Hogwarts letter had been switched with Adam's. Adam, who was apparently a squib, had turned eleven two years ago. He hadn't gotten a letter. What if she was the squib, not Adam. One step was all it took for her fears to melt away. What did it matter if she turned out to be a squib? If she was one, she was one! But gosh darn it! She would spend her time enjoying Hogwarts while she had the chance! "Marlene! Over here!" Marlene turned her head full of blond hair to the right and looked down the hallway of the train. At the very back-as that was near where she had entered-was a skinny, knobby-kneed boy with messy black hair. Even from this distance Marlene could see the gleam of excitement in his hazel eyes. "James Potter, fancy seeing you here." Pulling her trunk along, the girl made her way over. This boy, whom had called out to Marlene, was James Potter. He was the sole heir to the Ancient and Most Noble House of Potter and only son of Fleamont and Euphima Potter. A lovely couple who were getting quite into their years. Marlene had been over to the Potter's house on several occasions since she was a little girl. This was due to her mother being the younger sibling of Euphima. It was a lucky break for Marlene that their families were connected. I wouldn't be sane if I couldn't ever go to James', she thought. Once they hugged each other, though neither would ever admit it, they lifted her trunk up onto a rack. 'Jeez, Marlene, what do you have in here?' 'Shut up, Potter.' Moments later, the duo entered an empty compartment. Still holding Adam's gift, the blonde took a seat across from James and near the window. Mostly so that when the time came, she would be able to see the fields of green easily. "How was your summer, Mars?" James quickly asked, wanting to but restraining himself from rambling. "Oh, it was the same old, same old. Although," she smiled brightly, "Uncle Jonathan got Adam an adorable little husky puppy. They decided on the name Aparecium." James raised an eyebrow. "After the revealing spell? Man, I forgot how much of a…a…er-" "Dork?" Marlene suggested. "Yes, that! I'd forgotten how much of a dork Adam was. Say, he goes to Hogwarts right? Of course he goes here. What house is he in? He should be in…Third year right? Why didn't you send me a letter about it? You're so mean to me, Mars-" James stopped talking when he noticed the look on Marlene's face, which basically said 'man are you dumb or what'. "What?" "Adam's a squib, stupid. I thought I wrote that to you." Her brows furrowed together in concentration. "Of course, I do believe that was around the time Mother was going through all of our mail. She probably didn't want anyone knowing we had a Squib in the family." "I don't like Aunt Sandra," the glasses wearing boy stated bluntly. "Eh," Marlene shrugged, "I don't much like Mum much either." James laughed and they made small talk for the next few minutes before Marlene excused herself to use the restroom, taking along with her the still unopened box. (James had been looking at it with greedy curiosity.) The train had begun moving by the time she came back, only to find an angry black haired boy pulling an annoyed but slightly amused red head away from the entrance of her cabin. Marlene moved out of their way and entered the small room to find that another boy had taken her seat. The unknown boy and James were laughing loudly. Probably at whatever had angered the two Marlene had passed by earlier. It took a minute for them to calm themselves and notice her staring. "Oh, hey, Mars." "Honestly, James. I leave you for five minutes and you've already gotten two people angry at you!" Then she looked over to the other boy, whom was staring at her like she had to heads. He was handsome, she supposed. Nothing like the prince's in her fairy tale books-all of which had blond hair or black hair with blue eyes- honestly what was with prince's and blue eyes? But even still, he reminded her of those long forgotten tales of dangerous wizards and witches who changed the world with a whisper and a wish. And in all honesty, Marlene couldn't wait to befriend him. "And him!" She whined, pouting angrily, "You let him take my seat. James, you were supposed to be watching it for me." James shrugged. "Sorry, but you weren't here and I would've come across as rude, now wouldn't I have? Besides, you should be used to it, everyone always takes your seat, Mars." Grumbling, Marlene slid into the seat beside him. "Doesn't mean I have to like it." "Anyway," James turned back to the seat stealer, "You already know my name, but this is my cousin, Marlene McKinnon. Marlene, this is Sirius Black." "Nice meeting you? I didn't know the McKinnon's and Potter's were related." "You know when someone introduces others, you're supposed to do the whole 'oh look, my family has the bigger titles and names. Oh? You think you do? Let's have a competition that ultimately leads to our house holds hating each other. And'… wait-did he say your name was Sirius Black?" James gave Marlene a look. "That's right, I'm from the evil house of Black," he raised his hands and wiggled his fingers. "Fear me and bow down, because my family has bigger titles and names than yours McKinnon." The girl titled her head to the side and placed her present beside her. "I'm going to give you a hug," she finally declared. "I'm sorry… what?" "That's right, my mother was saying just yesterday to stay away from 'that Black boy'. But I'm a bit frustrated with her as of the moment and I've decided to go one step further near the edge and hug you." "I'd really rather you not," Sirius replied nonchalantly, although, if James or Marlene had been focusing a bit more on him, they would've seen his shoulders tense up the slightest of bits. Marlene stood, "Well, that's too bad, because I'm going to give you one anyhow." Now Sirius was standing as well, eyes wary of the stranger. Just before her arms stretched out, the grey eyed boy jumped up onto the seat and then hopped over the aisle onto the area around James. Marlene fell onto the opposite side with a humph. "Oi!" Marlene climbed onto the seat as well and then the two played a game of cat and mouse. Until finally, Sirius gained his wits and tried to leave out the door. Laughing loudly, James blocked the exit. ( 'James, I thought we were getting along!' 'Sorry, mate.') "Come on, Black! Just let me give you a hug!" "I don't like hugs! I'm a no-contact sort of person!" "I'll love you forever and ever!" "I just meet you, you crazy girl! I don't need your love!" Sirius hopped down from the seat and stood near the other boy. With one last pathetic look at James, Sirius was tackled by Marlene. The door to the compartment swung open at the same moment and James, who had been leaning forward with his lower back up against the door, fell face first onto the other two. The starkid, as Marlene had deemed him, groaned under the extra weight. The crazy girl, as Sirius had deemed her, squealed in momentary surprise. James moaned about his glasses falling off his face. A head with dusty brown hair poked into the open doorway. Slightly worried eyes stared down at the threesome. "Um, are you all alright? I heard a lot of yelling coming in here. Just thought I'd see what was going on." "Well, if you had come a little earlier, I would've forgiven you, mate," wheezed out Sirius. "James! Get off!" "Are the two of you calling me fat?" James finally found his glasses with his hands. Fumbling a little to put them on, he still didn't get off. "I think I'll stay on top for a little while longer. If that's alright with you two." "It's not!" The boy who opened the door hesitantly stepped into the compartment, revealing a pale skinned, semi-tall, lanky boy. He was already dressed in his Hogwarts clothes and Marlene and James-the only two facing him-wondered why when there were still plenty of hours left to go. "Should I-err-help you guys?" "That'd be nice, thanks," Marlene tried to say pleasantly. It came out more as a rude, sarcastic plea. A rather strange combination for the girl who had been brought up in a 'proper' home. James lightly tapped her head, "Don't be rude, Marlene." "I'm not trying to be! But I'm losing breath here, because you're crushing my poor weak weak