Look I know I said I wouldn't write any more stories but this idea came to me last night during school after someone asked me how much you'd have to pay me before would I murdered my friend. Ben Rhodes' (aged 25) POV: Right, so I looked up at the slightly mean sneer of my date oppositely. I smiled partially as I wandered how long it takes for a waiter to get a check. And just as I turned to see what was taking so long, that I didn't notice our slightly younger, near black haired waiter standing at the side of the table with her hazel brown. After she put down the check, my date, who was actually nicer than I was giving her credit for, leaned over our small table and whispered in my ear, "How about I pay the check and we go back to your place" "Well I'm afraid that can't happen," I said making her incredibly shocked," Don't you know I have to pay". I threw some money down, picked up the check and strutted towards door confidently. I turned round and saw the waiter quickly wink at me. I chuckled quietly before opening the door and stepping out into the LA air. My Apartment: I hadn't been in the apartment for 10 seconds before my date pushed me up against the wall and we started to whisper seductively in my ear "Go sit on your bed and I'll come in when I'm… ready". And being such a nice guy I did as she asked. She finally walked in full clothing with her hands behind her and I looked at her confused "Um, what are you doing?" "Oh I think your confused" she said jovially before pointing a silenced Pistol, "I'm actually here to kill, but heh at least it's not personnel" "Oh god, no please no" I begged beginning to cry "Yes" she said definitely. And she pulled the trigger There was a quiet click, and then another and another, and at this point I couldn't keep the act up anymore, beginning to laugh hysterically. "You know it's gonna be hard to shoot me without this" I laughed as I reached into my pocket and pulled out a small pin a and dropping it on my hard-wood floor "It's the firing pin in case you can't guess". She couldn't move a muscle she was in so much shock "Oh… what was the other thing oh yes" I said slightly confused before quickly pulling out my P220 Super Match and shot her directly in the head. I sighed loudly "Time to go home". As I tucked my pistol back down the back of my trousers, I noticed something missing. I started to pat down my trousers, when realized what it was. My wallet, then I thought back to that winking Waiter. Then I took out the check and on the back it said 'you want your money back, come meet me in alley by the restaurant '. Wow, she is really good. Amelia's (aged 24) POV: "Holy shit, this guy is loaded," I muttered "Yes, I am infact loaded" The mysterious guy called as he walked down the alley towards me, with his piercing blue, eyes and messy hair so blonde it's nearly brown that went to the top his neck. "So, your driving license says your name is 'Tony Charles', but that pistol stuck down the back of your trousers says that isn't true" I said looking smugly, hoping he won't just shoot me on instinct. He chuckle and reaches behind himself and pulls his gun out. He looks up and I must have gotten really pale, because he smiled when he looked up and pointed it at me. "So tell me why I shouldn't just shoot you" "Because you haven't and if you were going to you would have done it the moment you arrived," I said matter-of-factly. His face went neutral and he stepped forward but I didn't back away, so he was about 8 feet away from me and he flipped his pistol and put it on a nearby metal drum. "So who are you really then" I asked interested "Right firstly, I'm impressed with both your subtlety, skill and that you didn't turn and run when I took the partially loaded gun out. Secondly I think we need to get to know each other better before I tell you my name" "Ok fair enough" I reasoned, "Wait partially loaded?" "Well let's just say I made quite a lot of money today" "Wait so you're a…" "A contract killer… yes although I prefer Assassin… or Hitman, Hitman's good" he said looking at me inquisitively," you know your taking this pretty well… for a waiter" "Yeah because I'm a waiter, you know we've met before." I laughed "Really funny, I usually remember it when I meet beautiful women" he said smiling sincerally. Right now the only thing I was hoping was that in the dark he couldn't see me blush. "Yeah well we met in Germany about a year ago, as I remember it you were on a job and I was being paid to liberate a couple of painting from the vault of a KfW bank." I explained "Well that make sense you were wearing a ski mask but now that you mention it I should have recognized those beautiful eyes." "Look I'd love to just stand around talking but you know it's kinda cold, so how about we go to your apartment" he asked "Why don't we go to yourapartment" I retorted guardedly "Well A, I thought you'd prefer you own place, and B my place kinda has a body in it" he said sarcastically as he retrieves his gun and puts it back down the back of his trousers. I know I shouldn't but I couldn't help chuckling. "Ok, but only if you tell me why you really want to talk to me because you haven't asked for your wallet back?" I negotiated, as we walked over to his obvious hire car. "Well isn't it obvious, I want to offer you a job" he said with a light chuckle as he opened the door for me," And my names Ben Rhodes". "Just Amelia" I returned as I slipped into the car. Percy's (aged 26) POV: The Next Day I was standing outside a low to medium rent apartment building, when a street cop came up to me. "You the FBI guy right" "Yeah, it was the sunglasses and black SUV wasn't it?" I joked as I gave him my badge. "Your partner's upstairs" as he looked up un-amused and gave me my badge back. I strolled into the building and up the elevator, before walking over to the apartment surrounded by cops. I found my good friend, Jason bent down over the corpse of well-dressed woman with a bullet hole right in the middle of her head. "Right, so what do we think is it our guy?" I said causing Jason to stand up and turn to me. "Well it was efficient, there were literally no witnesses, no one heard anything except the shot and oh, he left a note, so probably," Jason said sarcastically. "Really a note where" I said excitedly, he'd never left a note before. Jason was looking at me skeptically. "Oh come on, your joking about a dead woman" I said slightly disappointed. I wanted that note. "We checked her out" he explained. "Sure you did" I laughed. "She was an assassin, chances are our guy was hired by the family of one of her Victims" Jason explained. "Huh, any leads on our guy's identity" I asked not expecting much; we never got a name or a photo. "Actually yes" Jason answered with a smile "Wait really, and you didn't lead with this" I exclaimed "God sorry Perce, anyway it's the front desk it has a secret camera" he said looking slightly hurt "Don't worry about it, come on" I said as I walked out the apartment. 5 minutes later "What do you mean the picture on the camera doesn't work," I asked pissed off "Look Mr. suit, what I mean is that there is no image only audio" he answered back "Fine give us the recording then" I said exasperated "Yeah, alright" he answered, reaching under the table. FBI Headquarters, Washington FBI Associate Deputy Director's Office "So let me get this straight, after 3 months of literally no evidence then suddenly he makes a mistake" questioned Associate Deputy Director Chiron "Yeah, people make mistakes" I argued "Your being over confidant" commented Chiron "Come on, we're on the brink on catching him!" I exclaimed "Yes, so I'm bringing in a expert, someone to help us catch him," he explained calmly. "Really who" I demanded kinda pissed he just randomly did that. "Me" said a new voice from the doorway in a thick Texan accent. I turned to see a kinda built, young, 6'2 man with a black beard and mid-length curled hair. He was wearing a dark-ish cream 3 piece suit. "Hiyah there Mr. Jackson I've heard a lot about you, I'm agent Elliot Fable with the NSA" he said. "Yeah, yeah whatever I'm going" I said as I left. As I left I couldn't help but feel that something as off about that guy, but my musing was interrupted by Jason. "Hey Percy, you got a special girl somewhere your not telling me about" Jason asked chuckling as I walked out of the office. "No, why?" I asked kind of confused. "Well, your phone has been going off like crazy". So we walked to our desks as Jason's was opposite mine and I picked up my phone. ( Percy , Mr Henrys ) "Hello this is SA Jackson" " Ah Mr Jackson I'm here in the Lobby waiting like I was asked" " Sorry but I have no idea what's going on " " I'm here for the meeting with the Associate Deputy Director and you" " Well, what about Agent Elliot Fable" " Um… Elliot Fable was shot point blank with a 45 caliber to the head 3 days ago, That's what our meeting was about today" I looked up suddenly realizing what had happened dropped the phone instantly and began sprinting while pulling my Glock model 23 before kicking open Chiron's office door. Chiron's POV: Meanwhile "So he seems nice," Elliot said "Percy's just… a little tense, he's been after this guy for a while" I answered "So what do you actually know about this guy" He said as he began to sweat. "Basically the fact that he is a guy is about it, are you okay? You look a bit off" I said "Me, nah, I'm fine" he said as he took off his jacket and put it on a chair to his right, revealing 2 obviously custom-made .45 caliber handguns in a duel sided tan leather shoulder holster, all of which is much too expensive for a NSA agent. Then he began to undo his cuffs and roll up his sleeves. So I began to scan everything he owned including the jacket on the chair to his right, and it's label seamed to say Armani. Which was again much too expensive. "So what's it like to be the Associate Deputy Director of the FBI" he asked casually as he paced in front of my desk. "It's alright I suppose" I answer as I slowly inch my way towards the handle of my lower desk drawer, where I keep my gun. "I really advise against that, and um, hands on the table" he said in an English accent as I looked up to see Elliot pointing one of his guns at my head. "Ah, so you're the assassin, so was there ever really an Elliot Fable?" I asked as I put my hands on the table. "Yes, but he's dead now" he said matter-of-factly. Elliot kept pointing the gun at me