The first time I saw her she tried to kill me. It was at the training center, and I was ten, her only nine. She was a small little thing, but no one dared cross her. She was amazing with her knives. Lethal. You could see it just by looking at her. Naturally, she was just my type. I smiled, always up for a challenge. I walked over to her, twirling my sword in my hand. And when I reached her, I leaned quickly forward and carefully plucked the knife out of her hand, right as she was about to throw. I saw her tense up and she whirled around to face me. Recognition registered in her eyes and her face twisted into a glare of utter hatred. "You took my knife?" she said slowly. "Yeah," I said, grinning, taunting her. I held it over her head. "You want it back?" Faster than light, her hand whipped to her belt and she was holding another knife. She lunged at me, and I held up my sword to block her. But she used her knife to push it over to one side, and she landed a kick in my unprotected stomach, knocking me to the ground. I rolled, trying to get the upper hand, keeping my sword pushed against her blade and trying to get her off me. She wrenched her other knife from my hand and pressed it against my neck, her eyes blazing with red-hot fury. She might have killed me, right then, right there, but our trainer lifted her off me by her shoulders, grinning. "Nice work, Clove," he said, "But save it for the arena." Then he turned to me. "Step up your game, Cato. Can't make a habit of losing to girls." I scowled at him. When he put it that way, it sounded so stupid. He knew that Clove wasn't just another girl. She was talented, deadly, better than most of the boys. But in a way he was right. I couldn't make a habit of losing. Because I was going to become a victor. And victors didn't lose. As we grew older, Clove became my training partner. She was the only one good enough to fight me. We were best of the best. Slowly, grudgingly at first, we became friends. If you could call it that. When we fought, I stopped worrying that she'd actually try to kill me. And sometimes she'd give me a smile, although most of them were cool and sarcastic. Some of them though, were friendly, when I complimented her throwing skills, and once when I admitted that she might be able to beat me in a fight. Her smiles were rare, but I always remembered the ones I got. Her eyes lit up, and for a small moment, the dangerous, deadly girl I knew dissolved into someone a little happier. But it didn't happen often, and usually our conversations didn't stray far from training. For a long while, that's as close as we got. I was fourteen by the time anything changed. We were lying on the floor of the training center watching the ceiling, long after all the other trainees had gone home. Clove and I always stayed late into the night, practicing, training. It wasn't like we had anything to go back to at home anyways. She was twirling her knife in her hand, her other arm behind her head. I propped myself up on an elbow and looked at her. "You gonna volunteer?" I asked. She turned to look at me, "Duh," she said, "Why do you think we're training?" I let out a breath, "And what if you die?" She narrowed her eyes at me. We weren't supposed to talk like this. District Two won, and that was that. "I won't." "But what if you do?" She sat up, scowling, "I won't. It could never happen." "Unless I come in with you," I teased, and she smirked. "Please," she scoffed, "I'd chop you up into little pieces." I gave her a wicked smile, "There's no way you're good enough." In a flash, her knife was pressed against my cheek and I was looking up into her startling green eyes. "You so sure about that?" She had my arms pinned beneath her knees and her other hand on my forehead, keeping me down. She dragged her blade down my face, drawing blood. When she was done, she inspected her red-stained knife, raising her eyebrows at me. I knew what she was saying. That if it came down to a fight, she was capable of killing me. I twisted my arm to grab her ankle and threw her off me. She landed on the floor a few feet away and flipped over onto her stomach, resting her chin in her hands. "You wouldn't, would you?" I asked, "Go in the same year as me?" "Why not?" she says absent-mindedly, like it never really occurred to her and she didn't quite care anyways. "Because then one of us would have to die." "And you're worried I'll kill you?" she smirked. "No," I said, "But then only one of us could win." "You care so much if I win?" "Well," I didn't know how to reply. But the worst part was that I knew what I wanted to say. That it wasn't so much about Clove winning, even though she did deserve to. It was about that even though I'd do it when it came down to it, I'd hate to kill her. She studied my face, and before she went back to her knife, I thought I heard her mutter, "Yeah, me too." I was sixteen, and we were friends. Real friends. We were sitting in an old storage room in the training center that we'd cleared out. We came here instead of going home. Clove's parents didn't like me, although it wasn't so surprising since they didn't like Clove either. They called her a good for nothing show-off. It was horrible, but in a way, it might have been for the best. It made Clove stronger, and even more determined to win, to show them that she could do this, and she didn't need their support. And as for me, I didn't have a family. Not really. My parents were dead and my older sister despised me. She hated that I was so much better than her in training. We never wanted to go home, so we stayed at the training center as long as we could, practicing and talking in our secret room. Clove drew dots on a target with a black marker and sat against the wall, casually throwing her knives at them, hitting her mark every time. "Cato," she said vaguely, and I looked up, "Have you ever loved anyone?" I thought of my parents before they died. I admired them, and I wanted to please them, but did I love them? I didn't know. It wasn't really something I was familiar with. I'd hardened myself against any form of affection for as long as I could remember, because I knew that if you loved someone, you could also lose them. So I answered simply, "No," and raised my eyebrows at her, "Have you?" She didn't even pause before shaking her head, "Love is for the weak." I knew what she meant. I didn't think Clove had ever been hurt before. On the inside. She closed herself off from the world, hid behind her talent and her knives. I guess it was better for her that way. She never opened herself up to anyone, so no one ever had to hurt her. Or leave her, like my parents did. I suppose I was like that too. Clove was the only one I'd ever been completely myself with. And I wasn't going to lose her. I couldn't. I'd make sure of it (Sorry for the change of tense here, I just felt like for this part, present tense seemed more appropriate. It's just like this is what's happening and Cato's thinking of everything that's happened since he met her. Mmkay then, on with the story) I'm eighteen, and it's my last reaping. Our escort pulls a name from the boys bowl of names, and I don't even hear the name called before I'm stepping forwards to volunteer. This is my last year, and there's no way I'm going to miss this chance. It's what I've trained my whole life for. I step up to the stage and am met with an excited round of applause. People have seen my potential since I started training, and I'm finally getting my chance in the arena. I smile slightly and wait for my escort to pull the girl's name. "Clove Fuhrman." I do a double take. Clove? She wasn't supposed to be a tribute this year. She was supposed to volunteer next year, so we could both win. She steps up onto the stage, not a hint of fear in her eyes. They ask for volunteers, and I pray to God that one steps forwards for her. But none does, because this is Clove, and she's just as much of a legend as I am. No one in their right mind would try to take her place. No one comes to say goodbye, and soon, we're on the train, sent to the Capital. "This wasn't supposed to happen," Clove mutters, and I nod. She's only seventeen, she should be competing next year. Clove deserves this just much as I do. But now, in order to survive, I'm going to have to kill her. But Clove isn't one to put friendship before winning, so I know she'll be trying to kill me too. She's cold-hearted, but not so much that she'd think nothing of killing her best friend. So as she leaves to her room, she looks back to me with a hint of sadness in her eyes and whispers, "I'm sorry." The night before the Games, she finds me in the training center, hacking at one of the practice dummies. When I hear the door open, I turn around and lean on the hilt of my sword. "What brings you here?" I ask. "Same as you," she says plainly, pulling a knife from inside her sweater and flicking it towards a random target. I smirk. "You stole a knife?" She pulls out two more from her belt and unstraps one from her arm under her sleeve. She fans them out in her hand. "Four." I chuckle and watch as one by one, she throws them all into the bull's-eyes of different targets. When she's done, I put down my sword and we lie down on the hand-to-hand mats and stare at the ceiling, just like old times. Like we're not about to be sent into an arena to fight to the death. It's kind of funny, because my whole life, I've been waiting for this moment. But now that it's here, and now that I know it's either going to be me or Clove, I don't want tomorrow to come. I remember the anger in Clove's eyes the first time I saw her, and I wonder if that's what she'll look like in our final fight. Now, my only wish is that it won't have to be me to do it. But in the back of my mind, I know that no one else will be able to beat her in a fight. There's a reason we were partnered together back home. No one else could face her. Even when she was twelve, she was better than a lot of the eighteen year olds. She'd have to be taken off guard, or it'd have to be one of the Capital's disasters. Even if it was between her and me, there was a chance I'd lose. The only way I'd be able to guarantee her death would be to kill her in her sleep. My stomach tightens at the