Preface: We all know why Harry Potter was sent to live with his rotten Aunt and his delusional Uncle, and while I agree that the reasoning was valid given the circumstances I have never the less wondered: What if Harry had been raised by someone else? How would he be different? How would certain events playout? What might he have done differently at certain points of the books. This short story of which this is only chapter one will be my attempt to answer those very questions to the best of my own ability. That having been said, I don't expect this to appeal to everyone. If you like it, Great! If not, oh well! Also! The Character Thalomus is an OC of mine and I will not be delving much, if at all, into his background, history, and Character. This story is still about Harry Potter. Obligatory stupidity ( Disclaimer ): is a non-profit website which promotes and provides a place for writers of all types and skill levels to post their versions of legally copyrighted material a.k.a fanfiction, on the basis that because it is legally not for profit, it is therefore not in any REAL sense harming either the author or the publishing company. In short….get a real hobby Chapter one: Number 12 Grimmauld Place Harry Potter was an unusual baby boy for a number of reasons. First of all he had a shock of untidy flyaway hair which refused to cooperate. He had two parents who had come from two very different worlds, and an aunt and uncle who are mortally afraid of anyone learning that they were related but most peculiar of all was a strange scar on his four head, just above the orbit of his left eye. It looked as though someone had branded a lightning bolt shape into the skin. This scare was in fact the only physical evidence that Harry Potter, though just barely a year old was indeed—different! Though how different he couldn't have guessed, nor could he have guessed that at that very moment all across the country there were feasts and parties going on to celebrate something he would not remember; indeed something he was too young to even understand or care about. Instead he was fast asleep under a bundle blankets inside a beautifully decorated wooden cradle which was rocking gently side to side as though moved by invisible hands. Sitting next to the cradle in a wooden armchair was a black haired man, who one might have thought, based on how he was dressed, had just been to a Renaissance Festival and mascaraiding as some sort of fantasy Black Knight, if the black clothes and visible chain mail sleeves were anything to go by. His face although nicely shaped was ghostly pale. The skin was very smooth and oddly free of blemishes like the picture of a model on the cover of a magazine after it had been airbrushed. To tell the truth his face would not have been unbecoming of a pretty woman accept for the odd fact that his lower lip was colored with black lipstick while his upper lip was colored a deep red. Both eyes were wide and a pointed at the upper and lower edges so that he looked almost like an Egyptian painting, but the most striking thing about is eyes were not their shape but there color. The irises were a mixture of deep purple with red lines in-between and all around the large patches of purple. This man's name was Thalomus Malcoff, though there were a few knew him as Thalomus Melcova Black, a name he hated almost as much as he hated Lord Voldemort, the man who was responsible for giving little Harry his scar. Thalomus was leaning his head back against the headrest of the chair he was in and gazing tiredly off into space. The only sounds in the room that could be heard were the soft creaking of the wooden cradles rockers and the occasional loud pop or cracking sound coming from the nearby fireplace which was the only source of light in the otherwise dark and gloomy living room. It had only been a few hours since he had arrived here, carrying Harry in a bundle of blankets and slowly making his way to the Library softly cursing when his shin accidentally hit a coffee table, a wand in one hand and Harry held carefully but firmly in his other. "Lumos!" he whispered softly, causing the tip of his wand to shine brightly and allowing him to see more clearly that the room, though dusty and cobwebbed was none the less empty. Once convinced that no one was around and there was no immediate danger he'd pointed his wand at the empty fireplace and two huge balls of flame came shooting out of it creating the roaring fire they now had (he'd since added wood to the fire and was allowing it to burn naturally). After placing the still sleeping Harry in a cradle he had brought down from one of the upper floors he then unbuckled a sword that was hanging from his belt and placed it softly on the floor between himself and Harry knowing it wouldn't really do him much good here, unless it was to for intimidation purposes, or desperate need. It was a pretty thing; black handled with a jewel encrusted pommel and gold trimmed guards. The Sheath of the sword was a black as coal with a slightly glossy look to it as though it had been painted over in lacquer. On the handle itself were carved a series of strange slanting symbols that obviously only meant something to Thalomus as he was the one who had cut them into the material. Stranger still was that blades were his preferred weapons; though he was a wizard and not a half bad one at that, Thalomus still preferred to have a more traditional melee weapon rather than simply relying on a wand. But there wasn't much chance he would need them here. Only one person in the world knew where he was currently and that one person was also his strongest ally and the only man he truly trusted. Besides, the room they were in was not really ideal for a sword use and swords were by their very nature usually best kept as outdoor weapons. Since having arrived and putting Harry in a more suitable bed, he'd started to lower his guard somewhat. He knew it wasn't necessary to be totally on guard now, no one apart from Dumbledore knew he'd already fetched little Harry from what had only hours ago been his parents' home or that he was now hiding in the Long abandoned home of the Black family. The Irony of which would have made him laugh if he were not so tired at the moment. Suddenly the fireplace roared with even greater intensity and the yellow flames turned to emerald green, filling the room with green light. Thalomus leapt out of the chair and immediately put himself between it and Harry, his wand arm was fully stretched as he crouched into a fighting position, every muscle in his body was tensing up like a tightly coiled spring, ready to launch him into action at whoever it was that had somehow…linked this house with the fluu network. A moment later a tall elderly man with half-moon spectacles, a very long beard, and a long crooked nose stepped out of the fire. He didn't move for a moment, though that was because he was waiting for his eyes to adjust to the dim light and not because there was a man pointing a wand ready to attack if he made any sign of doing so. After a moment the man looked around and upon seeing Thalomus, actually smiled! "Good evening Thalomus," said the old man in a pleasant voice. Thalomus was still crouched and looking like a wild tiger ready to spring onto its prey. After a few moments he lowered his wand slowly but didn't stand. "What was my mother's real name?" Said Thalomus in a rough tone of voice. "Not convinced I'm Dumbledore, are you?" Thalomus narrowed his eyes but didn't speak. Still smiling politely the old man replied, "Da'Shawnda". And with that Thalomus finally relaxed and stood back up convinced that this was indeed Albus Dumbledore and not an imposter. "At what point were you planning on telling me you were coming? And how did you get here by flu powder anyway?" he asked Dumbledor sharply. "I asked a friend of mine at the ministry if he would mind doing me a favor and temporarily provide me this connection. And I though it much safer then taking either a port key, or broomstick, or using apparition." Thalomus turned around without speaking and sat back down in the wooden chair next to Harry who hadn't made a sound this whole time. Dumbledore also came over silently and peered down at the sleeping infant in the cradle who to his surprise had shown no signs of even being mildly disturbed by the sudden commotion. After a moment or two he straightened back up and turned his attention towards Thalomus who was again resting himself in the wooden chair. "How has he been?" Dumbledore asked "Fine," replied Thalomus dully, not bothering to look at Dumbledore. "Considering what he's been through" "Yes!" Dumbledore agreed sadly. "And how is that scar on his forehead?" Thalomus gave a half shrug and grunted softly. "I'm not a Medi-Wizard Albus, but as far as I can tell it's harmless" "So what so important you need to go dropping in on me unexpectedly, Or is this call a social one?" Dumbledore suddenly look serious, as though whatever had brought him was weighing heavily on his mind. "I need to sit down a moment. It has been a very long day today," he reached into his satin blue robes, pulled out his own wand and literally began to draw himself a wooden rocking chair on which he sat down heaving a deed sigh, "That's better!" When he'd had the chance to make himself comfortable he turned his attention towards Thalomus who was still staring off into the darkness. "To start off with-"Dumbledore began, "-there has been a good deal talk about the tragic events of today and particularly the reason behind Lord Voldemort's disappearance." He allowed himself to pause and gauge Thalomus's reaction; the reaction was total indifference. It seemed that as far as he was concerned, people could say whatever they liked "While most of them are accurate; that is to say, they know he tried and failed to kill little Harry here'', he waved his hand vaguely in the direction of Harry. "The exact reason for this failure is unknown. Though that has not stopped people from wildly speculating. Indeed people are calling Harry the boy who lived , the hero who made the dark Lord vanish and other such things." "Get to the damn point Albus!" Thalomus angrily hissed, clearly not interested in what ' people were saying ' "The reason I have come to see you Thalomus", said Dumbledore calmly, "is that while Lord Voldemort may be gone, many of his Death Eaters have no doubt gone to ground. Some will be arrested naturally and others will probably go into hiding." "However, do not doubt for even a minute Thalomus, that among his most fanatical and devoted followers there are even now, those who are bending all of their will towards finding Voldemort and bringing him back to power." Little Harry shuffled slightly in his crib and let out a soft sigh causing Thalomus to look down at him again. "Which is why-" Dumbledore said solemnly, "I need to discuss with you about where Harry is going to stay from now on." At these words Thalomus finally turned his attention to Dumbledore. His expression was one of impassive disinterest