Disclaimer: J.R.R. Tolkien owns Middle-Earth and all its characters. I don't earn money with this story. A/N: This story is a translation (with a couple of changes) of the 'sî ar ennas - von Lalaith zu Níniel' Oneshot I've got online at my account on the german version of this website . My authors name there is 'firian', if you want to check it out. Please review and correct me kindly if I made any grammar or spelling mistakes! It's my first English fanfiction, I normally write in German. I tried my best to make it as touching as the German version :D So let's get started, I hope you enjoy this Oneshot :) Cookies for everyone ;) Here's the short version of Doriaths history (for those who haven't read the Silmarillion) : - It's located in the centre of Beleriand (Beleriand is a peninsula in the north of Middle-Earth which got flooded round the year 538 of the 1 st age) - King Thingol (elf) and Melian (Maiar='lower goddess') were its rulers - Melian had put a spell round their realm, so nothing bad could enter the kingdom - The capital of this realm was Menegroth, the Thousand Caves (an underground palace) - The kingdom fell in the year 503 of the 1st age when King Thingol was murdered by a bunch of Dwarfs from Ered Luin (mountain range) . Their reason for this crime was that King Thingol was owner of one of the three Silmaril (similar affects like the One Ring, apart from the fact that it burns every evil person who touches them) - After the Kings' death Melian sailed into the west and the spell faded - A war between the elves of Doriath and the Dwarfs of Ered Luin began - After defeating the Dwarfs Dior (grandchild of King Thingol and Melian) got crowned - After Dior got killed by Feanors sons (they also wanted to have the Silmaril) the remaining elves fled together with Dior's daughter Elwing who took the Silmaril with her to the Grey Havens From Lalaith to Níniel Doriath, year 503 of the 1 st age In the far-reaching forests which expanded around the huge rock formation above the halls of Menegroth you could watch two young elves playing together. They seemed to be barely 40 years old what was quite young for an elf. With 50 years they got counted as Teenagers and they weren't seen as adults until they reached their 100th summer. The children romped laughing through the grass. A boy with long blonde hair and blue eyes and a girl with pitch-black hair reaching her waist and dark green curious eyes. The boy's hairstyle looked like a warriors with its small braids above each pointy ear to ban any hairstrands out of the face. The girl had two stands of her hair tied together at the back of her head. "Lalaith! Dinners ready!", the voice of a dark haired elf echoed through the forest. "I'm coming ada (Daddy)", the young girl answered shouting. She smiled at the boy she had played with and ran to her Dad. The elf hugged his daughter quick before they returned home. Through a labyrinth of corridors in the underground palace they reached their apartment. "Nana (Mommy)", Lalaith said happy and hugged her mother tightly. The young girl really adored her parents. She always managed to make them smile. Her name Lalaith (laughing girl) just fitted her perfectly because she had such a beautiful laugh which directly made everyone happy. Next morning the young girl woke up because of a bloodcurdling scream. Lalaiths eyes were scanning her room afraid. She ran into her parents' bedroom. "Ada (Daddy), Nana (Mommy) what was that scream?", she asked her parents frightened. "I don't know, dear", explained her mother, "But ada (Daddy) and me are going to check what's going on. Promise me you stay here hidden!" Lalaith nodded. Her parents changed quickly, grabbed their weapons, kissed her goodbye and locked the front door. Lalaith changed too. Sitting on her bed she listened, trying to figure out what was going on outside: Another painful scream which got smothered abruptly. The clash of weapons. It was an attack! The fear of the young girl grew with every scream she heard. Her eyes kept scanning the dark room panicked. Her parents had extinguished all the torches and candles inside their apartment. The fighting outside in the corridors seemed to approach. She heard sounds like … like somebody's trying to break the door. Lalaith sat shivering on her bed and just wished her parents were there. With a loud crash the front door got ripped out of the hinges. She heard sluggish heavy steps coming nearer. She stood still flatly pressed against the wall on top of her bed. Silent tears were escaping her eyes. Suddenly a massive dwarf broke in with his axe held up high. He had a tousled beard and she could see hate and lust to kill in his dark eyes. Lalaith swallowed while the dwarf approached in the darkness of her room. "Dwarfs don't see well in darkness", a thought crossed her mind. She shot a quick look to the door. Then she ran out as fast as she could, nearly caught by the dwarfs axe. Outside her family's apartment she sent a quick thank you prayer to Ilúvatar and sprinted to the throne room of King Thingol, hoping to find somebody she knew. Lalaith froze as she reached it. The room was plastered with corpses of dead elves and dwarfs killed by axes or swords. Long arrows were sticking in some dwarfs bodies. Tears running down Lalaiths beautiful face. She tried her best not to throw up because of the fresh blood pools around the wounds of the dead. A couple moments later she realized the fighting was still going on at the other end of the throne room. Lalaiths heart stopped as she spotted her father in the battle. She wanted to run to him but her feet felt like they were glued on the floor. He fought against one dwarf while another approached his back. "Ada (Daddy), behind you!", Lalaith screamed to warn him but the elf just stared at his daughter in shock because of her being at a battlefield. Lalaiths eyes widened in horror as she watched the second dwarf using the inattentiveness of her father hacking his axe in her father's back. "Ada (Daddy)", she whispered in a choked voice. She wanted to scream but her voice broke. She ran over to her father and kneeled ignoring the battle next to him "Escape, elen nîn (my star) Take … take my horse and ride into the east – passing Ered Luin and the Misty Mountains … there's a huge forest with a couple of elves … Don't approach the North, there's Angmar and Gunda-", the elf managed to say under agony. The life flooded out of him like the blood out of his wound until he faded. Her face streamed with tears Lalaith watched her father's empty eyes. Finally she brought herself to stand up but not without kissing her father's forehead and whispering a short elvish blessing. Stumbling she reached the stables and climbed on Dúaths back. She told the black stallion sobbing where he should take her before another wave of tears shook her. A couple of days she rode through eastern Beleriand and no day passed without shedding lakes of tears. Where the rivers Gelion and Legolin joined each other they took their first brake since they left. They quenched their thirst and the young elf allowed her horse to graze while she went searching berries and mushrooms. When their strength finally came back they continued their journey to the east. But they headed a bit southern too, so they could avoid meeting creatures of Angmar. In the capital of this dark realm lived Sauron a Maiar who joined Morgoth (evil god) and got his mightiest servant. After more than 700 miles riding through the wasteland of Eriador they finally reached and crossed the Misty Mountains. Dúath and the young elf had quenched their thirst at springs and had eaten what they had found. The long ride affected both of them: they were unnaturally thin. When the silhouette of a huge forest appeared at the horizon Lalaith felt a touch of hope. "Take us to somebody who will pick us up", she whispered to her horse. They rode through the forest. It hat huge trees with dark trunks and strong green leaves, the sunlight pouring through the branches dipping the ground in a warm golden light. The young elf already loved this forest although it reminded her painful of her home Doriath. Dúath stopped in front of a tiny, crooked house and Lalaith jumped with a whispered 'Thank you for everything, mellon nîn (my friend)' off this back and. She watched the hose questioning, he just whinnied encouraging. Lalaith took a deep breath and knocked at the door. From inside she heard someone muttering and steps approaching the door. An old human came out, fully dressed in brown. He wore an aged gown and a hat with a feather. His hair and long beard were brown with many thin grey strands in. He had a kind expression in his face while he stood leaning on a wooden stick. The man's eyes studied her confused. "Who are you?", he asked but didn't seemed to be concentrated. "… I'm … La-…Níniel", the young girl said hesitating, "and what's your name?" "Níniel – a interesting name … why are you called Tear-Maiden?", he mumbled more to himself than to her, "I'm Radagast the Brown" Deep sadness appeared in the girls eyes. "It's about my past. I don't like talking about it … But tell me are you an Istari (wizard) ?", she said and Radagast nodded. "Yes, I'm an Istari - I'm wondering why you know me. You're an elf, right? But you seem quite young … you look hungry, come inside. I've got some Mushroom soup ready!", the Istari muttered. Níniel forced herself to smile and followed the wizard inside. She was stunning about the bags of phials and small bottles randomly spread out on the wooden shelves. Over the years living in Rhosgobel, Radagasts home, the wizard got kind of her adoptive father. From time to time she told him under many tears parts of her past. Whenever she ended up crying he would hold her in his arm, rubbing her bag and muttering kind words. Níniel kept on helping Radagast where she could. They healed animals and let them free again together. Dúath lived free in the forest which was as Radagast told her named Eryn Lasgalen round the tiny house but when she called him he would come. Often she was riding through the forest searching for injured animals to heal and just enjoying the freedom. One day someone watched her from the distance but she didn't realize it. When she came home that day Radagast sat thoughtfully in an old chair. He didn't even recognize that she entered. "What are you thinking about?", she asked him sensitive. "Gandalf visited my while you've been away", the wizard began, "he told me in the north of the mountain range in this forest there's a elvish fortress. He told me you should go there, you've been away you're your kin far to long" "I'm afraid that my memories come back", Níniel mumbled silently. "Although I don't like the thought of you leaving me … but I want Níniel to get Lalaith again", he explained with sadness in his voice, "Furthermore I know you have a strong heart, not many people would have survived the things you've been through" She hugged her adoptive father tightly. "Tomorrow at sunrise I'll leave and check it out", Níniel finally said. Radagast smiled at the now 130 year old elf. He really hoped she would find her happiness again. She'd