Anger and the Artist Disclaimer: I own none of the characters from Twilight I only own the plot for this story and Kim's family and Erin. A/N I thought this would be up earlier than this but life once again got in the way. This is Leah and Caleb's story. But a few things to mention: For those that have not read my other stories Caleb is the older brother of Kim and features in my story Unignorable love a Kim and Jared story. Now I hope as I have wrote it so it is not necessary to read that but do if you want. For those who have read my other stories, there are no spoilers for how Erin and Embry's story and Jake and Nessie even though there are similarities. They did not get together like how I wrote in the incredibly cheesy Kiss and run. And I have had to slightly alter Unignorable love. Not so much it needs rereading. Just that Kim's family is returning to La Push after ten years away. They moved when Kim was seven and Caleb 10. It's explained here. For all this is T rated for the moment but since they are all older it might change to an M but I have not decided yet. I might just write a one shot separately. But I'm not sure please tell me what you think. Also this will be slightly different from my other stories I hope you will all enjoy it. Sorry for the long A/N this will not be a normal thing. Full summary Leah is back in La Push after six years away, she hasn't phased for three years but now after her boyfriend breaks up with her and her mom refuses to come out to see her. She's back thinking she'll just see her mom and Seth. Get over her boyfriend and then go back to her new life. But fate has other ideas in the form of Caleb Bell a young artist who breaks her control over phasing. And a bunch of red eyed blood thirsty vampires intent on causing havoc in La Push and Forks. And the another little twist just to add to Leah's problems. Planes and CAT boots Leah's P.O.V It's worse when I'm on my own. For so long I have lived with everyone in my head I miss it. I hate it but I miss it. Silence is painful. I miss them; I miss laughter, real laughter not the laughter of the small ignorant idiots who find everything that each other say funny even when it isn't. But I can't go back. I should send a plane ticket to mom like I did last time and all the times before. Not this... "Your boarding pass please" I hand it over not letting it go easily making the overly perky woman pull till I released. "Thank you I take it back after she checks it over and walk towards the plane the slight breeze making my hair blow in my face. It was too my shoulders now it always got in the way always sticking to my lip gloss. Why had I ever had it long, why didn't I just cut it? I don't like planes, being cooped up stuck next to someone who falls asleep and drools on your shoulder. Mom knows this and Seth could just come out to see me too it's not like Jacob or "Sam!" my heart beats tenderly, it didn't rip me in two anymore "Sam don't run down the aisle like that" I went to his and Emily's wedding unfortunately I wasn't there for the birth of his kids. Now that hurt, the sounds of a child's squeal and giggle. I close my eyes blocking out the sound and sight of a happy mother and child. And that was why I'm on a plane home being hit by a CAT boot from someone's bag, not because I missed the fresh green of the forest or the guys but my mom. I needed my mom. I thought I had it all. I stopped phasing three years ago completely , I met the man of my dreams not my imprint but nearly perfect, Dan. blonde and blue eyed a little too thin and at first to pale too much like a sucker but he was kind and ready to settle down. He was the one who finally let me stop phasing. He wanted kids. At first I freaked out but when I stopped phasing everything started again. I thought it was possible but this last year we had tried and nothing happened. I freaked but nothing was wrong with either of us and...Well let's just say that's why Dan wasn't perfect in the end. The apartment still smelled like him. Damn wolf genes. "Excuse me I'd like to leave the plane at some point" "Yeah and you'll leave through the window if you don't stop bugging me" I snap in defense I hadn't even realized we had landed. Add a glare and problem sorted; well she shouldn't have hit me with her shoe. I gather my stuff and brace myself. The air was damp and cool and fresh. It felt so good to be out of the city, the air always fume filled. But it was the furthest place I could get without being too far for me to get home quick. And it was more that I didn't want to be around forest, as no forest meant a place to phase easily. Turns out local parks at night are just as good. Entering the small air port I look and sniff around for my family but hardly have a chance before I'm bombarded. "LEAH" I wince as my name is boomed at me. "Hey" I say under the pile of arms and bodies. Who was this glad to see me? Finally I shrug free of everyone and look to see who everyone was. Seth was smiling at me goofily. I smile back it was so good to see him again I missed him. Christmas wasn't enough. Then there was Embry, Paul and Colin. "Hey" They say back. "Mom says she's really sorry she couldn't be here but Charlie needed her help last minute with something" I nod. "Got your stuff" Someone says running up to us and I notice it was Brady. I smile at him as I grab my stuff from him. "Thanks" I say and quickly head for the door. The sooner I was out of the air port the better. The air was cold and damp as we arrive at the car park. I spot Seth's knackered old truck instantly and head quickly over there. Even if the cold didn't affect me the rain sure did. I wasn't use to it like I use to be. I do take the time to breathe in deeply savoring the clean fresh smell. Hoping to rid my brain of the scent of my apartment. Dan leaving me didn't hurt as much as Sam had. But then maybe it was that knowing I could imprint anytime meant I didn't give myself to him completely. No that wasn't it, maybe I had just used up all my bitterness and anger when Sam left me. It wasn't imprinting, I didn't fear it and I didn't wish for it anymore like I once had. Now why was I thinking of imprinting? And why was that pang to imprint there again? There was no way I would imprint in La Push no one had moved there since Jared's imprint Kim had moved back seven years ago. I shake my head as I dump my suit case in the truck before turning and waiting for the guys to arrive. But like the guys they were they were looking at the diner across the road. "Leah you hungry?" Seth asks hopefully while giving me puppy dog eyes. I was in fact starving but I couldn't let them know that. "Jesus still ran by your stomachs hey? Yeah sure I could eat something" We took over the diner all over us cramped around a small sticky table tucking greedily into burgers, chips and onion rings plus all the sauces you could think of. It's now the guys finally have the guts to ask all the questions that they've wanted to the moment I arrived. "So" Embry starts off "three years?" "Yeah three years" I nod taking another bite of my burger. "What's it like?" empty boring quiet brilliant. Only two could I say. "Well it's great and quiet!" "It must be you're mellower" Paul adds. "Really?" I ask I knew I wasn't bitter but I still had a temper. Dan hadn't liked that but then I didn't like him putting his feet on the table. "Yeah it's quite freaky actually" I laugh at that. "Yeah well none of you have pissed me off yet" I wish I had a camera their faces were brilliant I knew most of them had expected me to blow up at the last remark but I was too at ease. "So what about you guys. How are you all?" "Well Erin and I have settled into our new house well, Jared and Kim are doing ok as well they just moved in to theirs three weeks ago. Erin told me to say hi by the way and to come over" Embry had a dreamy expression on his face at the mention of Erin. I smile. "Sure tell her I'd love too it will be nice to see her after all this time" "Leah it is weird" Seth says slowly looking at me like I had a second head. "What?" "You're just so calm, so relaxed it's well yeah freaky" "I told someone who bugged me I'd throw them through the plane window today!" I say suddenly feeling the need to defend myself. "Yeah but before you might have actually done it" "I-" I cut off as the door opens and a huge shadow falls across the table. I look up and up to see Jacob. He was smiling and I don't think, I stand and rush over to him. Its then I notice the girl next to him. Long copper hair, brown eyes inhuman beauty. Renesmee. "Jake! Nessie!" "Hey" Jake says and grabs me in a hug. We had left on good terms, he was a good friend being in his pack had helped me so much. I hoped I helped as well in a little during that dark time. Looking at Nessie I feel the urge to smooth my hair. She was perfect but not exactly like I thought she would turn out. With aunts like hers I thought she would be a lot more girly. But instead she was dressed in a baggy blue top and ripped jeans and a long black hoody. She was the only blood sucker I could talk to normally and actually liked. The Cullen's I could bare but I was still bitter on Jake's behalf and all others red or golden eyed were a no no. So I hadn't changed that much. And I only like Nessie because of what I saw through Jake's eyes and that she made him happy. "Hi" Nessie greets me smiling shyly. "What are you guys doing here?" "Welcoming you home, we wanted to get here earlier but unfortunately the bunny broke down" "The bunny?" I ask confused. Nessie's cheeks turn a very pale pink. "Erm my car, when I was younger I wanted a car like Jake's rabbit and on my sixteenth birthday we started to build my own and well it just become it's nick name" I nod not fazed by the sixteen I knew I hadn't been gone that long. "So why now have you decided to grace us with your presence?" Jake asks once he was settled and had ordered four more burgers. "Erm" Now what to say? I didn't want to go telling