Disclaimer: I own Mr Wallace, Mrs Farley, Mr Grabby-Hands and all other original characters. no claim to Twilight anything. Not Beta'd. This is the third time I've edited this piece of crap because Fanfiction's being a bitch, so I give up, forgive me for any mistakes, I beg you. It's 1:00 am and I can't deal with FF's temperamental BS. The Hovel Chapter one: The Hovel. And a little bit of Alice and Ben. "Have you spoken to him today?" Alice rolled her eyes, and leant forward to wipe the food off Ben's face as he swung his little legs back and forth, while seated in his high chair. The kid was the messiest eater Alice had ever seen. "No, Ma, I haven't." "Well, has-" "No, Jasper hasn't spoken to him, either." Her mother sighed, and then, "Then when was the last time you spoke to him?" Alice looked over at the post it note that had Edward's new phone number and address on it, the one he'd told her to give their mother if she got too persistent. "Last Tuesday." Her mother gasped, "But that was a week ago!" Rolling her eyes again, she made a face at the toddler and he giggled and reached his hands out with a little squeal. His disgustingly sticky, peanut butter and jelly covered hands. She poked her tongue out at him and then got up to grab the sanitary wipes that she kept handy in the kitchen. "Is that Benjamin?" Ma asked a hopeful lilt to her voice. Alice cleared her throat and winked at the child, leaving him in another fit of giggles and squeals. "No, Ma, I swapped him in. I decided I wanted a kid with red hair, not blonde." "Alice." She huffed, "Yes, of course it's Ben." Her mother started to say something else, but Alice cut in, ready to be done with this conversation. She loved her mother, honestly she did. And Esme Cullen was a kind, compassionate lady, but she meddled like no other. It was best to keep her at a distance sometimes, especially when she was this worked up over something. Namely, Alice's brother. "Look Ma, I gotta go, Ben and I are going to the park, and you've got lunch with Aunt Carmen, I'll talk later." She hung up just as her mother came in with a, "But your brothe-" She swapped the phone for the wipes and set to cleaning her son's face, arms and legs as he squirmed, whined and cried. "This wouldn't be happening if you ate like a civilized being now would it? Honestly child, the food goes in your mouth, not everywhere else but." Welcome to The Hovel It was a Saturday, five minutes before six o'clock and Bella kept one eye on the door and one on the man with the grabby hands. It didn't seem to matter much to him that there was a bar between them. He'd reached right over that many a time. Bella was counting down the minutes till Jake had a fit and went hulk on the guy. Jacob Black was the 'Bouncer', though that term sounded silly to her, given that apart from the occasional Mr. Grabby-Hands; there wasn't much need for one in this tiny crawl space of a bar. And then Bella caught sight of what she'd been waiting for. Her six o'clock. She smiled. Moving away from Mr. Grabby-hands, Bella headed towards the other end of the bar, where he sat every Saturday, and where he placed himself again, tonight. "Hey, Bella," he greeted, a small smile on his face. She nodded, "Edward, your usual, yeah?" It was always sad, she thought, when she could ask a customer if they wanted their usual. To have a 'usual' at a bar just seemed sort of wrong. Though it wasn't her place to judge; just as long as they tipped, or in his case, as long as he smiled a little, she'd get him that usual, and not say a word about it. Edward nodded, "Please." Bella set about getting his drink; whiskey on the rocks. Jack Daniel's to be specific. She had learnt many things about her Saturday, six o'clock regular over the last four months. He was a lawyer. He'd become rather successful, rather quickly and was told he'd probably make partner by the time he was 32, which was in a short 3 years for him. He was divorced; as of six months ago. Papers signed and everything. He told Bella one night that he hoped he never had to talk to or see that woman again. Bella didn't know her name. He never mentions it. Like it'd burn him if he did. His mother lives in a tiny town called Forks, Washington. Her name is Esme. And his sister Alice lives two blocks down from him, in an apartment with her boyfriend, Jasper and their 2 year old son, Benjamin. He moved to New York to get closer to his sister and nephew, and to get away from his mother. She sounded like a character, one Bella strangely wanted to meet. But that was silly, because she only knew Edward every Saturday at six till whatever time he left. And knowing him involved helping him become progressively more intoxicated as the night wore on, and then ensuring he caught a taxi home. Bella assumed he was lonely. It was the only reason she could come up with for his repeated visits to this hole in the wall bar, that had faulty neon lights that flashed 'open' like a cheap hooker, and was always only half filled at most with the sad, sorry citizens of New York. She herself was one of them, really. She was just another sad 24-year-old with no other consistent income than this bar and its tips. She'd tried her way in the art industry. Even sold a few drawings, but no one was really interested in silly cartoons. Bella had tried to get a job as a cartoonist for a newspaper, and then an animator, and then an illustrator, but she just seemed to hit wall after wall, and now, she was looking at a different wall. The one behind the bar, stacked with shelves that held bottle after bottle of alcohol. An hour later Traffic was slow, and that gave Bella time. Time to lean against the bar, across from Edward, and talk. He was always surprisingly coherent when drunk; at least, he was for a little while. "How was your week, Edward?" she asked, absently wiping down the bar top. He shrugged, "It was okay, I guess." She paused in her cleaning, and looked up at him, "Just okay?" He smiled then, and nodded with a shrugged, "Nothing really to note. It was just okay." Bella bit her lip and nodded, accepting. Edward looked down at his drink and cleared his throat, "So, how was yours?" This was always the way. The awkward back and forth for about a half hour, and then eventually, when he was drunk enough, he'd talk and talk and talk. Bella scrubbed harder at a particularly sticky spot on the bar. Disgusting. "Oh, you know, it was fine." He almost smiled and then quirked an eyebrow, "Just fine?" The mark started to come away, and the wooden bar-top actually had a slight shine to it where she'd been scrubbing. The wood was covered in a gloss that made it easier to slide drinks across to the patrons (whether that was an intentional advantage or not, she really didn't care). "Ha ha," she glared a little at him, only a little, and then shrugged, "It could have been better." "What happened?" Bella snorted, "You know, as the bartender, I'm supposed to be asking you that question. It's in my job description and everything." His only response was to send his right eyebrow further into his hairline. She shook her, "It's nothing really, just . . . ugh, they cut my power on Wednesday, and I'm not gonna be able to get it back on till next pay." Edward frowned and stared down at the drink he was nursing, "That doesn't sound like nothing. Sounds pretty bad, actually." Bella's shoulders slumped in mock defeat, well; she told herself it was mock defeat. "Oh Jeez, just rub it in some more, will you?" She smiled at him, letting him know she was kidding, and then she shrugged, "I know it's not 'nothing' but I'm also just trying not to think about it too much, you know? I'll get my pay on this Tuesday coming, and with the tips I've saved up, I'll be fine. Power back and everything." He nodded, though he didn't look accepting at all. A quick look around the bar showed that it was still slow, and they literally only had all of 5 customers. Mr Grabby-Hands; who was now slumped over the bar, passed out. A blessing if there ever was one. At the back of the establishment, near the old juke box, was Mrs Farley. She was also a regular, more so than Edward. Her husband slept around a lot, with women who were at least twenty years Mrs Farley's junior. The woman was only in her early forties, but because of years spent drinking in a bar, and the effects of a constantly depressed and angry state, she had the outward appearance of someone nearing sixty. Over near one of the front tables, sat a girl who was just 21. Bella knew this because she'd had to ID check the girl, given that she looked 17. She'd been nursing the same drink the whole evening, a constant scowl on her face. And of course she couldn't forget Mr Wallace. He was hidden in a booth close to wear Mrs Farley sat. He was a short man, and from where Bella stood, could not be seen over the backs of the cushioned booths. She didn't know his story, because he only ever spoke long enough to order his drink and mutter his name when Bella had stubbornly insisted. Early on, Bella had decided that his mostly silent presence said more about his story than his words ever could. And then there was Edward. "So, since you wheedled my poor as poor status out of me, what's with your glummer than usual appearance? And I will reach across this bar and strangle you if the next words out of your mouth are 'It's nothing'." He shrugged, "My mother called Alice on Tuesday." She nodded exaggeratedly, "Aaand . . . ?" "And she was persistent." "So persistent that she now has your phone number?" He shook his head. She cocked her head lightly in question, "Then I don't see the problem." "I feel guilty." Bella scrubbed harder, obsessively trying to bring out the shine. "Ah. Well I guess that's a side effect of avoiding ones mother." He groaned and tipped his head forward, "I know. But I really don't want to hear her tell me that I should come back home." "Why?" He looked back up at her, and grimaced, "Because I probably would, go home that is. And I really, really, don't want to." "Why would you go home if you don't want to?" "Well you said it didn't you? The side effect of having parents at all; they have the amazing ability to make us feel as guilty as sin." Bella sighed, "Oh, I hate it when they do that. The parental guilt trip thing. Just because they gave us life, doesn't mean it's theirs." Edward laughed, and said, "My mother is the queen of parental guilt trips. And it doesn't help that I already feel guilty enough." They worked in silence for a while; well she worked, and he drank. The 21-year-old was still nursing that same drink and curious as she was, Bella couldn't help but wonder what she was doing here all alone. "A co-worker of mine thinks I have