Well,I don't even know what to say. I swear to you I've had this story in drafts, but life happened and I sincerely had had no time to post this out. Like, seriously, remember in October, when I said that November would be a better month after I presented a theatre play I was in? Well, I was totally wrong. After that, I participated in not one, but two Speech contests (in my defense I won second place in one and first in the second, so at least that didn't go bad) and then in a Spelling contest (which I didn't win at all but I reached the last four finalists), and that absolutely ate my time. Right now, of course, I'm buried under work, again, and this time it's serious stuff because midterms start next week but I'm here, posting fanfiction. Vacations came and went by and I didn't do half of the things I was supposed to do. Seriously, where is my time one Earth going? Anyways, this is just a little something I wrote. You are all aware (hopefully) of this headcanon I have of Persephone being nice, and I've been meaning to write something with Maria and Nico for a very, very long time, and when the fact about Nico being gay and his mother still having lived and died during the 1940's, it was just too much to bear and I had to write this down, so here you finally have it. I hope this isn't as bad as my schedule seems right now and I really hope you enjoy reading it! PD: Nico is sixteen years old because why not. I figured I had worked with him on several parts of the series, but only once in a story in which he's older so... yeah, that's t. For The First Time in Seventy Years To say that Nico di Angelo had a bunch of weird stories and experiences to share was an understandment. First of all, he was a demigod and most of all, he was a son of Hades. However, that did not mean that he'd seen everything that the mythological world had to offer. That conclusion came one morning —at least he thought it was the morning, as it was hard to be sure in the Underworld— while he ate breakfast with Hades and Persephone. And one might think that well, of course it was a strange scene to presence—the Lord of the Underworld and his wife, Persephone, sitting to the table in the company of Hades' offspring peacefully, like a normal family, if only a bit silent, but the truth was that the three of them, together, were not a sight out of the ordinary in Hades' domain, but rather a common one for them. What Hades said next, though… Putting his silverware down and straightening himself in the opulent chair, Hades let out a sigh before finally speaking. "Nico" he murmured, making both the demigod and his wife flinch slightly. "Persephone and I… we were thinking that…" "We remembered how you had asked about your mother a few years aback" Persephone corroborated after realizing her husband had ran out of words. To the goddess' words, Nico couldn't help but raised a confused eyebrow. Of course he remembered the question he had asked, it was not as if one could forget the fact that you hardly knew anything about his past. And of course he remembered the anxiety he'd felt upon discovering that he had been pulled out of the time he'd been born in and robbed out of his memory, the sickening feeling that had filled his chest when he'd thought about how both his mother and sister were dead, how one of them had been not only for years but for decades, how he was utterly alone in this mortal and modern world. However, that had been years in the past, before the war against Gaia and even before the war against Kronos. Things had changed. After the Titan War his relationship with Hades had improved, and the one with Persephone too. Especially after the war against Gaia he had gotten close to actual living people. In fact, he was currently living in the Greek camp and only stayed in the Underworld once in a while, when his father called for him, like that morning, for example. It had been a very long time ever since he had felt he was missing something only because he couldn't summon memories of his long-dead mother. He had family and friends, however bizarre and eccentric they were. On the other side, that did not mean that he had completely forgotten about Maria di Angelo. "Yes?" he questioned at last, trying to meet gazes with his stepmother, but only to find Persephone's green eyes had fell to her lap; she didn't seem bound to look up for a long while. Sighing, Hades realized his wife was not going to help him out this time and decided to answer. "I… we" he corrected himself. "We were thinking that maybe… Well, I had prohibited you to summon your mother's spirit, as I thought that it would be for the best… for you, I mean, right?" Hades asked. Slowly, Nico nodded, more confused than before, if even possible. "I… well, now that time has passed and things have stabilized I think that… that you… Would you be interested in seeing her?" Hades finally yielded, looking defeated. If Nico had been more confused before, now he was flabbergasted. Almost taken aback by his father's words, all that he could do was send nervous glances from his father to Persephone —whose eyes remained focused on her lap— and then back to Hades. "You mean like… like meeting her?" he almost stuttered. To the boy's words, Persephone shrunk a little in her chair; Hades flinched. "Yes. Like you seeing her again" Hades let out in a low voice. Nico's heart skipped a beat just a millisecond after realized that his father was being serious. His first impulse was, naturally, to answer a yes. Of course he wanted to see his mother; a family was the one thing he had craved for after Bianca's death, and to meet his mother was… well, he thought that it would result in simply being one of those impossible wishes people dragged along with them through their lives. On the other side, he thought with a sting of pain as he dwelled on Persephone's hunched over figure, he had a family and he had a mother, even if they hadn't started off with the right foot. "I…" he murmured. "Are you being serious?" "I am, boy, you can be sure" Hades pointed out, almost tiredly. "And I will respect your wish, have that granted. You can answer whatever you want". Inhaling sharply, Nico let his black eyes wander nervously through his father's features. He wanted to say yes. He didn't yearn for it as desperately as he had six years in the past, right after Bianca's death but… to have such an opportunity and to not take advantage of it… It sounded almost lame to be the son of Hades or the Ghost King when he was not even able to summon his own mother. He just… there were so many things he wanted to tell her, to ask her, to know… He had idealized Maria as a loving mother and even when Persephone had been very comprehensive and tolerant when the time came to discuss the matter, Nico had never dared ask many of the things to his father, mainly, because it almost sounded stupid or childish. It was a movement to his left what brought him back from his thoughts—on her seat, Persephone raised her green eyes to meet his black ones and smiled, a look midway between hurt and loving in her emerald orbs. As he saw her smile, Nico could almost physically feel a huge weight being lifted from his chest. She approved, Persephone approved. And that was the last thing that he needed to know in order to make his decision. "I would like to see her, father" he murmured with a strangled voice. "Of course I would like it". Hades nodded, almost in a defeated manner before standing up. "Come with me, then" he ordered as he started walking to the dining room's door. Shocked and puzzled, Nico brought himself to his feet and followed his father out of the room. Absently, he heard Persephone's chair been dragged through the floor and her light steps on the marbled floor. He could have sworn he'd heard her sigh. He didn't really know how much time had gone by before his father stopped and he really didn't recognize the wing of the castle they had entered either. Gods could make a building appear from the bottom of the sea after all, and if with only one twist of his wrist Hades had erected a whole new side of his castle, well, those were just occupational hazards. It was until his father stopped walking that he, too, stopped and raised his eyes, focusing them for the first time on the white door placed in front of them. Hades turned to look at him, a tired expression in his eyes. The god didn't need to say anything for Nico to understand—Maria, his mother well, her spirit, or soul or whatever it was that people left after having lived and that Hades would allow him to see of her, was in there. This was the closest he'd been to her in seventy years. Before Hades said anything, Persephone overtook him and knelt in front of Nico. There was a pained expression in her features, but her green eyes were so concerned that Nico was almost tempted to assure her that he was okay. He stayed silent. She put both her hands in Nico's shoulders and smiled, the gesture so soft and so sincere that Nico could almost feel the loneliness that hung in the air, something that the Fates hadn't forced him to feel for a very long time. "Good luck" she whispered softly. Sometime before, they had come with the habit of her kissing his forehead whenever she wanted to give him her farewell. The truth was, he didn't know how to be a son, and she didn't know how to be a mother, which meant that their whole relationship consisted in trying different things and see what worked for them. This time, however, she stopped herself from leaning down and brushing her lips against the boy's forehead and pressed her lips together instead. She then stood up hurriedly. The sound of her heals got lost in the long hallway before Nico could even process Persephone's actions. For a second, Nico wanted to turn around and catch up with his stepmother and tell her that he loved her, that he didn't want to lose her, that he couldn't afford losing her. But his throat was sore and he wasn't sure that he could even speak if he tried. Fortunately, Hades stopped his wanderings by talking again. "You may enter now" he said, his gaze lost in the horizon of the hallway in which his wife had just disappeared in. Hades opened the door and stepped in first, his features carefully emptied of emotion. Slowly, almost shyly, Nico followed him inside and closed the door behind him. He wanted to keep his eyes glued to the floor so much that it almost physically hurt him; still, he forced himself to recognize the room before allowing himself to turn his black orbs back to the floor. The room was painted white, with the details in a soft blue. It was big, like the sitting room for a piano in a Victorian house, except, maybe, that this room was empty, with the only furniture of the place being a dark crimson couch and a small circled table besides it. Right on the other side of