Hi! Remember how I've been saying I'd eventually write down a story in which Hades is a nice, caring father? Well, this is it! It's finally here! This story that had been roaming around in my head, even when the idea is not totally mine, but a friend's. How this story finally got to you is kind of interesting: this friend and I were talking and then the first plot for this story appeared, then he had a second idea that included Persephone and Hades, a little of Will and a bit of Aphrodite, and they sounded sort of similar, so I decided to join them, but when I was writing the first draft it didn't seem to be going to work, so I mixed them up but split part of the first and of part second for the other story and... Well, my life and my head are a mess, but I promise you'll have a nice story to read and I hope taht's enough for you. That surely is enough for me. So, expect the other story in a couple of months, now that I got a cold and I can't speak and that totally makes my life miserable, but I really hope you enjoy this! Family, Nothing More, Nothing Less Hades had never been one to openly show affection. Never, in his long, long centuries and ions. However, that didn't enable him of feeling it, even when people often mistook one thing with the other and didn't quite realize that they were different matters. Another thing people commonly confused were love and affect. You see, Hades loved Persephone, and he just barely felt affect towards his mortal lovers. And one may ask, if he loved his wife, then why was it that he even had mortal lovers to start with? The answer to that question was as simple as for the previous ones: it wasn't women the ones he looked for and fell in love with, but something else entirely. It was the children. What he craved for wasn't a companion or a sporadic lover—he had a wife which he adored and he knew he was corresponded. No, what he was looking for was something Persephone couldn't give him, something that was part of a family just as much as the very same wife or husband—children. For those who knew better and that wanted to be rude or meddlesome enough, the truth was that Persephone had had children, centuries in the past, but it wasn't out of physical incapacity that Hades had been talking about now, was it? It hadn't been Persephone's decision to have those children, and she in fact didn't love them. She hardly was able to stand listening to her spawns' names, let alone look at them. On the other side, those weren't Hades' sons, but Zeus', as the almighty king of gods had decided to make his own daughter's life impossible. Currently, Zagreus, Persephone's first son, also known as Yacus after an issue that involved Hera's jealously and giants before he'd reincarnated as Dionysius had taken a place in Olympus while Melinoe, Persephone's daughter, remained as a helper of Thanatos, living in the Underworld and completely depending on her stepfather's domain. Hades had never been mad or even slightly upset at Persephone because of those children, and the reason that he hadn't thrown a fuss over his wife's out-marriage spawn as his sister Hera did was simple: just by staring into Persephone's eyes he was able to see how much that betrayal –that he couldn't even blame on the spring goddess as Zeus had raped her– pained her, and how ashamed she felt. After that, having a child that was their own had been completely out of the table for the couple, and Hades had never dared bring the matter up, even when the one thing that the god of the Underworld wanted was to raise a child with Persephone. That was the one thing that he looked for on mortals. He didn't want love or an exciting night, he wanted a child. What he wanted was not a lasting relationship with a pretty woman, but a spawn, a descendant. He wasn't sure, but sometimes he thought that Persephone knew , knew what he did and also knew the reason why he did it, but the spring goddess never once questioned him or even complained about the mortal women he had affairs with. He loved Persephone, loved her as the one and only person he wanted to spend his life with. Those mortals? They were just a spring-summer way to spend his time when Persephone was away. Those were women that he could only grow fond once in a while, even when he did respect them, nonsense as that may have sounded. The children, though, were something else entirely. He loved his children, he loved them deeply, although he couldn't be a constant presence in their lives because of the job he was expected to perform and because he wasn't even sure of how to demonstrate that affection to start with. And thus was the way his marriage worked for years, for centuries. He would have an affair with a mortal he just barely felt affect for, have a child he would learn to love even when he could only see a glimpse of every once in a while just to lose that child to the claws of the one thing he was supposed to rule over—death, and then he would go back to Persephone's arms. He knew he was being selfish, he knew. He knew he was hurting those women, and he knew he was hurting his unborn sons ever since they were conceived because he would never be able to be the father that those children needed and deserved. That was the reason why he never lied to the women he would ultimately involucrate himself with. Unlike the other Olympians, he never tried to hide his true identity, opposing to that, he was honest from the very beginning, telling the women he met who he was and what they were getting themselves into by falling in love with him. Such a blunt honesty most of times served to scare those women away, either because they thought he was crazy, or because they simply didn't believe a word he said. However, once in a while, someone would believe him, and she would stay with him, always aware of the fact that such a relationship was destined not to last. And when that affair was over, he would turn his back and never look back to the woman, not when he had his very own queen waiting for him at his marbled castle. And Persephone let him do, faking her obliviousness to his actions. That was not it when it came to Maria di Angelo. Maria was different, original and naïve in every way there was to be. Maria was extroverted, confident, beautiful in more ways that Hades could count, and she was also aware of the beauty she held within herself. It hadn't started as anything other than a simple affair, as did all the others, and it had rapidly escalated to become a real relationship, one very similar to the one a couple of common mortals shared. Maria was a singer, and actress, and a very attractive woman, and so he learned to love her. Hades never revealed, however, that each time he heard Maria sing all that he could listen was Persephone's velvety voice, and he'd also never admit that he loved the way Maria's hair was straight and raven black but curled up at the tips, just like Persephone's, with the exception that his wife's hair was a mahogany brown. It had been just a matter of time before Maria became pregnant with what would be their first child, a beautiful baby girl. True to say, Hades had been slightly surprised when he'd been revealed the sex of the baby, as all of his other spawn had resulted in being males. Hades was the gods of riches, if not only of death, but if he were to say the jewel that sparkled the most, be would have answered that it was Maria's obsidian eyes each time she looked down at their baby. Bianca, she had named her, in memory of her own mother. There was something different in Maria, something that all of his previous affairs had lacked of. She didn't try to retain him, and neither did she try to pretend that he didn't have a family that didn't include her. Maria knew who he was, and most importantly, Maria accepted it. She knew he would never be able to stay with her, or with their daughter, but she simply let it go, and enjoyed whatever time they had with each other. Maybe she was a dreamer, maybe she was just too naïve, but Hades had never really stopped to analyze what was it that made Maria so special. She simply was herself, and he simply loved her for it. Thus was probably the reason why he hadn't fled from Maria's side. She was a comprehensive woman, and she understood that his world didn't revolve around her. Neither did hers revolve around the underworld god. And it was exactly because he had the freedom to decide that he chose to stay with her every time. When only a few years later their second child, Nico, was born, Hades wasn't even surprised. True, Maria was the first mortal woman with which he had stayed more than a couple of months, and the first one with which he had more than one child, but he was not amused. That was Maria di Angelo, after all, and if there was a woman worth a second glance of his, that one certainly was the talented Italian. –*–*– Hades had been more than three millennia in the world and he had seen a lot of things, and had met face to face with a whole bunch of emotions, but if there was one with which he was not familiarized with that one surely was guilt. However, guilty was exactly how he'd felt some years later, when one of his other offspring decided to start the most memorable and —tragic— war of all times. During the second half of 1939, just a few months before he met Maria, Adolf Hitler began the movements that would ultimately lead to the Second World War. He, as the god of the Underworld, was able to understand the dimensions of the war his son was upraising sooner than any other of the Olympians could say, and even when he was horrified beyond words of the amount of death and catastrophes that such a war would bring, he was more ashamed of the fact that the one motivating such a thing was a spawn of his. However, when he felt the most ashamed was when some years later, after the war had finally exploded, he saw himself in the need of telling Maria that she and the children were to leave Italy and travel to America in search of a safer place. That time, Maria had simply nodded knowingly and totally agreed with him. She had agreed to leave her whole life behind overnight and in an eye-bat, then why, oh why, Hades would ask himself years later, once Maria had been wiped from the world of the living, once that the family he'd once dreamed of had been ripped apart, if she had agreed to leave Italy in a night, then why hadn't she agreed to leave America and travel to the Underworld when both things had wanted to achieve the same thing? But right then, he hadn't known, and none had he suspected that when the most important decision would come, Maria would chose wrongly. As they fled Italy, he had promised her a house in America, but it soon appeared that Maria was pickier than he