Well, if you've read my two other stories about this two you may have probably realized that I haven't really got over their deaths. Deep inside, I really think they should have married. Since Rick Riordan obviously didn't agree, I decided to write my very own story in which they did. Another thing that motivated me to write this was the fact that Aphrodite and Haphaestus indeed have a very bad relationship, and I was wondering how would they react when their children invited them to a wedding with which they would end up as the mother -or father-in-law of one of the sons of the person -or god- that they hated the most. Here we go! A Real Union They were getting married. After all that they had endured, after the battle against Kronos was over, after those horrible moments during the war in which they had thought they would lose the other one, they were getting married. Silena Beauregard and Charles Beckendorf. A child of Aphrodite and a child of Hephaestus. They sure were an unorthodox couple, but one united by a very strong love nevertheless. In the perfect picture that they were thinking of –the two of them together in the altar, making vows of eternal love– there was one single flaw though: their parents. Not the mortal ones, those were quite proud of the great event and had greeted their new daughter and son-in-law quite easily. But those weren't the problem. The real trouble was getting their divine parents to attend. Either of them –but Aphrodite in special– hadn't been thrilled, and though both Hephaestus and Aphrodite had received their invitations months earlier, none had confirmed their assistance. And the wedding would take place just a few days later. At first, Charles and Silena had expected them to be the first ones to Iris message or to look for them and try to talk, but weeks had gone by and either of the gods seemed closer to do that than what they had been at the start. That was the reason why they had decided to take the first step: they were going to try talking to them and persuade them of assisting. It seemed quite ironic and weird–a son and a daughter trying to get their own father and mother to attend their wedding. Anyhow, if that was the way the gods wanted it to be, it could be solved. Silena and Charles had talked about it and had decided that Silena would invite Aphrodite to the apartment they both shared and talk with her while he Iris messaged his father and tried pretty much the same with him. Said and done, Silena had sent an invitation for Aphrodite, which she had agreed to accept, once the girl had assured that Charles had some pendants and it would be just the two of them. Being the person–would it be more accurate to say goddess?–her mother was, she had soon began with the real topic that had made her call her mother. Still, things weren't going as planned. "But Mother it's my wedding!" screamed the young girl, as she followed her mother, same that was heading towards a mirror, more preoccupied about her lipstick than she was about what her daughter was saying. "I think I've already told you that if he's assisting then I'm not going to be there." Aphrodite pointed out, while she ran a hand through her silky hair, looking at the image the mirror reflected. "Mother, I'm getting married!" she exclaimed, surprised at the indifferent way her mother was treating her with. "I know, Silena." She said sternly. "Congratulations." She was taken aback by her mother's answer. "What's your problem?" She asked, her voice getting louder and higher. "Your stupid pride is more important than your daughter? Is that it?" "Silena, it's not about you, it's about him." Aphrodite pointed out, rather exasperated. "Well, he is not the one that you'll be there for!" Silena snapped back, almost screaming. "It's your daughter's wedding! You should be proud!" "Ohh, sweetheart, and I am." She said, in a high pitched tone of voice. "I just think that you could have gotten something bett-" "Don't you dare, Mother! Don't you dare!" She screamed, raising her voice with every word, feeling her blood start boiling with rage. "I love him, what's the hard part to understand?" "Why are you marring an Hephaestus' child" Aphrodite said, matter-of-factly, in a voice that wanted to say 'it's the most obvious thing in the world'. "Because I love him! That's enough reason, Mother! Why can't you understand? Have you ever been in love?" She asked, almost pleading for the slightest bit of comprehension in her mother. "Of course I have!" Aphrodite said in a high voice, her voice showing how indignant she felt. "It was like 300 years ago." The goddess' voice acquired a soft tone, and her eyes stayed looking at the horizon dreamily, the corners of her lips in a swift smile. "He was handsome, kind, young..." She stopped and blinked, coming back to reality a little too soon for her taste. "And a mortal." She finally added, a little tiredly. "But that's not the point, sweetheart." "Exactly, mother!" Silena agreed, angrier at each passing moment, mad at her mother and her pride, that was stronger than the affect the goddess felt towards her. "You know love. You know you can't control it. Then why won't you come?" "Because" Aphrodite explained, her voice sounding tired, with a tone that said 'I've told you this a thousand times' "you expect me to be with him, and I don't want to!" She snapped, turning to look at her daughter in the eye. "Well, he's my soon-to-be father-in-law, he's supposed to be there! Just like you!" Silena yelled back. "Ohh!" Aphrodite exclaimed, in a tone that suggested she had just been hurt. "You are defending him over your own mother!" She screamed. Silena's lips opened in an 'o', her face showing an expression of a surprise and indigence. Usually, she wouldn't know what to answer. Usually, she wouldn't yell at her mother or contradict her. Usually wasn't this time and for once, she knew what to say. "I'm not defending no-one over nobody! I'm defending my family from both of you!" She screamed angrily. "Listen, Mother." She said, turning serious. "For you it may be just another of your daughter's weddings. You may have had like a hundred children over the years and this is just another of their weddings. But for me, for me it's my wedding!" She screamed, finally letting her thoughts out. "Oh, baby" Aphrodite began, softening her voice a little, though it only made her words sound more faked. "That's why divorces are for." She offered, surprisingly with comprehension in her voice. That only made Silena madder. "What?" She murmured, indignantly. "I can't believe it. I can't believe it!" She said, her voice turning louder with each word. "You know what? Screw it. Screw you and your pride! I don't care anymore! You don't want to come?" She defied. "Then don't! I don't care! But get this straight, Aphrodite" she hissed. It was the first time she called her mother by her name, and though a part of her felt guilty, she couldn't deny it was the goddess' fault. "I love him! I love him with all my heart and nothing you can do will change that! Period!" She snapped before turning on her heals and walking away, closing the door of the room with an angry 'thump'. "Silena!" Aphrodite called, but her daughter's steps were already fading in the distance. Indignantly, she vanished into a pink cloud that smelled like roses, returning to her spot in the Empire State, in the Olympus. Some hours later, Beckendorf tried talking to his father through an Iris message, hoping to convince him of assisting his wedding. Charles thought it would be easier to speak with Hephaestus than to speak with Aphrodite, but still, his father wasn't an orthodox or predictable man–or god anyways. He couldn't understand how could pride mean so much for them. The problem wasn't seeing the other god, was it? They were married after all; they saw each other frequently and would for eternity. The problem was to see the other one and understand that they were not just husbands anymore, that that wasn't the only string that tied them together now, but that now they were mother and father-in-law-of-one's-daughter and son. To see that one of their children was now related to the one they hated so much. Still, Charles was positive on something. Silena and him could or could not get their parents' blessings, but they were getting married either way. Therefore, if Aphrodite and Hephaestus decided that their pride wasn't worth losing their children's happiness–great, they would be welcomed in the celebration and two chairs would be placed for them; but if they didn't, then the chairs could remain empty, for all he cared. It wasn't that he didn't want his father to be present. He did, really. And Silena sure wanted to see Aphrodite there, it was already bad enough that the bride's mother wasn't helping her chose the dress and flowers, not even stepping would likely break a bit of his girl's heart. That was the reason they were trying one more time to convince their parents to attend, though he wasn't feeling very positive about it. But a little trying wouldn't hurt anybody, right? He sent one golden Drachma into the water drops that the garden hose sent into the air. 'To Hephaestus.' he said in his mind 'God of Fire and Forging.' The golden coin disappeared and the arc that the drops made in the air blurred, before clearing again to show the back of a huge man, leaning over table, working in something. In front of him a huge furnace with big, orange-and-red flames that lighted up the room. For Charles it was easy to imaging the heat, and though through the Iris message he could just see it and not feel it, he started sweating. He coughed, trying to bring his father's attention to him. Hephaestus stretched his back and turned around. He was a tall person, but one of his shoulders stood higher than the other one. His face, hands and arms were covered in scars and burns and his long beard, though it wasn't burning at the moment, had parts that had been in fire recently. His dark eyes, the same shadow than his, shone brightly when he recognized him. "Charles" he said, his voice a statement more than a question. His son nodded, trying to find the words to tell his father what he had planned to, but he couldn't bring himself to now that his father was looking at him. It proved unnecessary when Hephaestus talked again. "I know what you're gonna say" he declared tiredly. "And the answer's no." "What?" He murmured in surprise, not only because of his father's answer, but also because of its bluntness. "I'm not assisting." Hephaestus replied, completely serious. "Why?" He dared to ask, deciding he could mimic his father's objectiveness, since there was no point on putting up a fuss and do some chatty-talking if both knew what the other one was up to. A pause followed and then the god answered slowly. "I have work to do. I'm fixing Athena's sword. Again." He explained. 'Again' meaning the last time had been over 250 years earlier. "I'm sure she could wait a couple of days." He pointed out. "She has eternity to." His statement made his father's lips curl into a grimace, while his eternal frown deepened, showing that his child's response had unsettled him. "Probably." He accepted. "But I'm still busy here, Charles." He defended, not giving in. "And you don't want to see Aphrodite." Beckendorf pointed out. Hephaestus' frown continued to deepen, and the flames that blazes behind him made him look even more