I've been literally trying to post this since Sunday and I haven't have time! Anyways, this is a long story, and it in fact was longer to write than usual, but I can finally say it's finished! As a matter of fact, I'd like to start declaring I do not like Hera. She's like my less favorite goddess, but a friend of mine told me it would be nice to write a story like this one, and even when I didn't like how it was -or it would make, as I didn't want to write it down at first- making Hera look as a good person, I couldn't stop the words from coming, and I simply had to write it, so here it is! Too Prideful to Hurt The first time he did it, it was with Mnemosyne, the goddess of memory, and the result of that affair came out to be the Nine Muses: Calliope, Clio, Erato, Euterpe, Melpomene, Polyhymnia, Terpischore, Thalia and Ucrania. She couldn't believe it. They had just got married a couple of decades before, after defeating their tyrannical father, Kronos, and their union had seemed to be doing just fine. Everything had seemed to be going perfectly. Or at least it had been so until she found out Mnemosyne was pregnant. It was actually Aphrodite who, as carefully as she could, informed Hera of what she had discovered by accidentally eavesdropping Zeus. She'd been destroyed. She was the goddess of marriage, she represented the union between two people that loved each other for life, for eternity, not only for a couple of decades or for as long as passion lasted. Something like simply that couldn't be happening. The first time, Hera realized centuries later, was the worst of them all. She hadn't even known what to do or how to react, and she had been too hurt to think clearly or even to properly process the information. And so she had done nothing about it, letting Zeus go along with his betrayal and pretending she didn't know a thing about it. When months later the Nine Muses were born, her humor had ranged from wanting to throw herself in bed and cry to wanting to throw Zeus and his nine precious daughters, along with Mnemosyne herself, from Mount Olympus. In the end, however, she had done none of the above, faking her obliviousness to what had happened or, if letting foresee in the slightest that she did know, giving the image that she wasn't bothered by it. Years later, many years later, she had finally been able to understand the importance of the Muses in the life of the human beings, and she had found herself unable to hate those girls because she was too busy trying to ignore their existence to even grow bitter or scornful towards them or Mnemosyne. She hadn't been able to give Zeus sons or daughters yet, and it was only natural that he looked for that in another woman, she thought, one that would actually give him the spawn he seemed to want, and she didn't even have the right to be mad, she decided, as she swallowed down guilt, hurt and pain. Maybe, Hera told herself, it had all been herself. Hera was a positive goddess, or that she thought at least, and maybe, she told herself, it had all been a mistake, an unforgettable mistake, but not an unforgivable one, and most importantly, one that would not, under any circumstances, be repeated. –*–*– It had been. It had been repeated, Hera realized a few years in the future, when she, by herself this time, discovered Zeus had gotten pregnant another woman, and most importantly, a woman that wasn't his wife. Leto, a Titaness, was pregnant, and the child, or children, as Olympus discovered later on, has her husband's, Zeus'. Hera had become so mad, so furiously and ridiculously mad that it took longer for her to learn about Zeus' cheating on her that it took her hex against Leto to leave her lips. No, she thought, if she couldn't have her husband for herself as the old respectable laws of marriage established, then Leto would not be able to have her spawn. No, she thought, if Leto didn't give birth to Zeus' bastard offspring, then she, Hera, would have nothing to worry about because there would be no remnants or proofs that Zeus actually had cheated and betrayed her more than once. No, she thought, if she got rid of Leto and her bastard children, then Zeus would finally realize what he had done and go back to her. She was wrong, she realized. She had always been wrong. –*–*– Much to Hera's bother and disgrace, Apollo and Artemis had been successfully born at Ortygia thanks to Poseidon's intromission and Hera's bad luck, but that had not been the worst of it all. After the twins' births, Zeus and she had finally had their first son, though that only turned out to be an addition on the list of things that hadn't gone as Hera should have wanted. Hephaestus was born short after Leto had delivered her twins, but the birth of his son only brought even more bitterness into his mother's life, who upon her very own disappointment over herself took the not very thoughtful or appropriate decision of sending her own new born all the way down from Mount Olympus. She said that it had been because she didn't like the way Hephaestus had looked like, but the truth was that she plainly didn't like the way her marriage, her life, or her family looked like, and she had been to prideful to admit it aloud back then. When she finally realized that despising her very own son, blood of her blood, flesh of her flesh was only following the family-destructive path Zeus had traced for them, it was that very same pride the one thing that had stopped her from running to Hephaestus and holding the boy to her chest. It had been too late, anyways. By the time she realized she was destructing the family she so desperately craved to protect just as much as Zeus was doing by his cheating, Hera had already been tied to her throne by the very same son she had despised so many times. Really, what did she have to be prideful of? Her husband, her family, her marriage, herself? That sounded more like a list of the things that she was ashamed of. –*–*– It was just a matter of time, Hera thought, before Zeus did it again, and the next time it happened, she wouldn't even be surprised, she bitterly decided. What did surprise her, however, was the way in which Zeus tried to hide his infidelity from her. When it had all been said and done, Metis, another Titaness, became pregnant, and suddenly deciding that he didn't want any more children, Zeus took another bright decision that could be added to the Olympus' family list: he swallowed Metis and the unborn child she held within herself much like Kronos had eaten all of his children but Zeus centuries before. Unfortunately for him, however, some months later he started to have regular headaches, which concluded in him asking Hephaestus to open his head and check if he had a tumor or something that he should be worried about. Big was everyone's surprise when what came out of Zeus' wound was nothing else than a grown-up woman with blonde, long hair and a complete armor, screaming her lungs out in a battle cry. Apparently, the Fates had decided to give Zeus the travail of childbirth that he was oh-so fond of giving to women. Ironically, what angered Hera the most this one time was not that Zeus had brought another bastard son of his to the world, but the fact that he had taken the resolution of swallowing a pregnant woman in the same way that Kronos had swallowed her, Hera, and all of his siblings but Zeus before. She knew what it felt like to live inside someone else's body, and she didn't wish that on her worst enemy, not even on the woman her husband had been unfaithful to her or on the bastard children her husband was populating Olympus with. Maybe, she reasoned years later, that was the reason why she despised Athena less than the rest of her stepchildren. Maybe she was just tired of hating every single god she was forced to see every day for the whole eternity. –*–*– When she was informed that Maya, a pleaid this time, had become pregnant of her husband, she wasn't even surprised anymore, and she didn't even try to stop Maya from having her child. Apparently, though, Hermes didn't even need her to get in trouble, as they soon discovered when after only a few hours of his birth he was already starting a fight with Apollo over the latest's sacred cows. A clever one, Hera realized when she learned about how Hermes had managed to free himself from Apollo's anger by negotiating with the sun god and giving him the lyre. When Hera finally met Hermes in person she had been too curious to fake that she felt hateful towards him. It was not even the kids' fault who they were born to, she realized after centuries of being cheated on and regularly coming to the realization that she had more step-children to add to the list. –*–*– Until then, at least, Zeus' infidelities had been restricted to people that were not directly related to Hera, and a part of her couldn't help but feel thankful for that. But not anymore, she learned when Poseidon informed her who the one who had gotten Demeter pregnant was. It was him , always him–Zeus, the one who had not been satisfied with only cheating on her, but that had also decided to take the things to the next level by cheating on Hera with her –their– very own sister. And as for Demeter… that selfish, egocentric backstabber, Hera thought bitterly, that had also dared to betray her trust. After that, more than fifty years passed before Hera could even stand being in the same room as Demeter, and more than two hundred years went by before she even talked to her again. –*–*– After Persephone was born, Hera took the decision that she was having a child of her own, one that was hers and only hers. But she was the goddess of marriage, and unlike Zeus, she knew she was forbidden and unable to cheat on her husband or to be unfaithful to him, no matter how many times he was. It was after she ran from Olympus in an attempt to hide from Zeus that Cloris, the eternally young nymph, made her wish come true by asking Hera to take her the most beautiful flower she could find in her garden. As soon as Hera's fingers brushed against the red orchid she had chosen as the most beautiful, she found herself staring down at her new son: Ares. But Ares was not what she had wanted and craved for so many years either, and Hera knew that even as she thanked Cloris for the gesture. What she really wanted was a family. What she really wanted was a loving husband. What she really wanted was for her to do something and for that something to turn out right for once. –*–*– When Dionysius was born, Hera didn't even pay attention to him, given his mortal state. Since Semele, his mother, was a mortal, then at least that bastard son of Zeus would have to be a mortal too, and although that didn't change the fact that Zeus had cheated on her once again, it did at least mean that she wouldn't be forced to see him every single time a council was commanded, as she had with her failures of sons and