I want to start by saying that I'd wanted to write this story for a very long time. You see, Leo (of course) has always been a very dear character to me, and as soon as I finished reading The Lost Hero I started looking for fanfiction abaout him because, as you already know, I'm a sucker for HUrt/Comfort. With time, my love for this character also lead to me writing stories with him. However, I realized that in the stories in which he went back to his original home and found Rosa he always did so alone, and that enraged me because he isn't alone anymore, so that's why I wrote a story called "Blood and Family". On the other hand, I decided that perhaps the whole fandom is being a little too harsh on Rosa. I mean, I don't justify that she abandoned a child the way she did, there's literally no justification to that, but she might have been under the influence of Gaea or an eidolon for all we know (I actually plan to write a story with that theme). Also, regret is something that people learn to feel over time, when they realize their mistakes, so I decided that, as I haven't seen any story with a similar scenario I might as well give it a try. This is a story in which Rosa is not as bitchy, probably the first one of the kind, so I really hope you enjoy this new take on such character! In Another Time To say that memories hold the capacity to haunt was an understandment. It became especially hard to fight them after a trauma such as a war or, if you were unfortunate enough, a near-death experience. Leo Valdez had been, in all honesty, not very lucky in that department, and thus he had to deal with memories he was better off without on a regular basis. Regrets were, also, something that most demigods had to come across pretty often, and if the son of Hephaestus was to be asked the thing he regretted the most, the memories that haunted him the most often, the answer was simple―the ones of his mother, the memories of his mother's death, of what had happened afterwards, of the few last days he'd shared with her. It wasn't as strong now, not like it had been before, while he roamed from one foster home to another, with only those hurtful remembrances to cling on to, finding a numbing comfort in recalling what he had lost. Right then he'd forgiven, he'd let go, even when he knew he was unable to forget and, slowly but surely, he was reaching a point in which he could stare back at the past a little more objectively, a little with less pain. And it was now that he could remember with a bit more nostalgia than pain that he looked back and realized a couple of things he hadn't before. For example, he now recalled those free Sunday afternoons in which his mother, as a relaxing therapy and a little because it was fun to end up covered in colors painted something, the first thing she could think of, only to pass the time. She didn't sell her paintings; sometimes she gave them away as a gift, but most of them were still hanging from their house's walls. Leo's personal favorite was maybe one of the simplest ones―only a chimney, not decorated for Christmas, not covered with photographs, not ornamented at all, plainly a chimney with a burning fire that sent a comforting feeling of home whenever you looked at it. It had started as a vague idea, as a thought―he wanted that painting back, for no other reason than to remember his mother, not with pain or regret, only with love. Of course he didn't have the painting with him―all he really kept from his mother were a couple of discolored pictures and the very same memories he wasn't sure whether or not he was glad to have. In theory, Rosa should have the painting, along with their old apartment, for at the time he'd abandoned the house he'd been too shocked to properly pack his things. And, of course, the runaways didn't help much when it came to luggage so, if his aunt still had the portrait, then it was better that she had kept it. Sincerely, Rosa could keep everything else, the apartment, the pictures, his mother's things―but he wanted that painting, only that. If that harpy hadn't sold it, of course. Which explained what he was doing, standing in front of Rosa's house, with only Calypso knowing where he was, after a quick visit to his old apartment complex and being informed that Rosa was renting his old apartment and still living in the same place. By the time he actually knocked the door his hand was shaking and he was chewing on his lower lip so hard he wouldn't have been surprised if it started bleeding. For the millionth time that day he rehearsed what he was going to say, a speech long-planned, in his mind. He was there only for the painting. Only for the painting. If after that she didn't want to see him again, then he was just fine with it, seeing as he didn't want to have anything to do with her either. On the other hand, of course, as soon as he heard the steps approaching the door all trace of the words he was supposed to say evaporated from his mind and left him with a stupid song of a toothpaste commercial and the useless wish of possessing charmspeak like Piper did as his only thoughts. His unfortunate condition, sadly, did not improve when the door was finally opened, Rosa Valdez wasn't someone to look through the peephole in the door before opening it, and thus he wasn't expecting her to do so. That didn't lessen his shock when the gap of the door widened enough to reveal the woman's lean figure. She hadn't changed much, Leo decided with his breath caught in his throat. She still used her waist-long hair in a high pony-tail, same that curled at the tips. The wrinkles around her eyes and lips were perhaps a little deeper, but her chocolate eyes still shone furiously and she hadn't lost a bit of her imposing presence. Upon all the things that someone receiving a stranger at her door could have said, Rosa Valdez seemed at the same loss of words Leo was in, her right hand still gripping the doorknob so tightly that her knuckles had gone white, her mouth mildly opened, as if she wanted to say something but found herself unable to. Instead of anger like the last time he'd seen her, her dark orbs only showed a slight trace of confusion mixed with a vague recognition when she scanned him calculatingly. "Umm… Hi, Mrs. Valdez. Good afternoon" he muttered, decided that someone should start talking at last. "I'm… You… You had a sister and she… I'm her son…" "Leo?" she let out under her breath, not even surprised at Esperanza's mention, only astonished with her nephew's return. "I… Yes, Rosa. I'm Leo" the son of Hephaestus accepted, knowing there was no use in lying now that he was there. Nervous as he was, Leo failed to notice how the woman in front of him grimaced when he called her by her first name instead of the family surname. "Listen, Rosa… I only want… You see, my mother kind of painted in her free time, so I was wondering if you could… I only came here for…" But she wasn't listening, he noted when he finally dared to meet gazes with her, her eyes still wandering through his features, as if trying to find and answer, a clue to who he was, something. "It can't be…" she muttered shakily. "It's impossible… It can't… it can't be you…" "Rosa, I only came here for… For…" but his already broken speech was cut short when she propelled herself to the front, her lips still slightly upon in surprise, her eyes seeming wet. "Oh God!" the woman let out, circling the boy's neck with her arms. Even more stunned than before, Leo tried to step back, with no use, as she only gripped him more tightly. It wasn't an attack, the son of Hephaestus realized suddenly. It was a caress. She was… she was hugging him. "It can't be you…" "Ma'am" he managed coyly. "Rosa, I―" "Oh God, oh Dios* !" the woman murmured. "I… I can't believe this… Please… Please come inside" she offered, breaking apart. "I can't believe it… Come inside". And without further ado she let go of his neck, gripped his wrist and entered the douse, dragging the young demigod behind her. The son of Hephaestus wasn't out of his astonished trance until he was already inside Rosa's house, sitting in front of a round table, with his aunt right across the piece of furniture. If Rosa hadn't changed much, then her house surely had. It was dirty, untidy, was the first thing that caught Leo's attention. There was a pile of unwashed dishes next to the sink and the dust could be spotted from afar, on top of the furniture, on the corners of the room. And, put out in those very same corners, laid several glass bottles and cans of what Leo could only identified as beer containers. Rosa didn't drink. Neither did she smoke, although the ashtray on the table said otherwise. "I… I'm so glad to see you" Rosa began in a low voice, her eyes turned to her lap before she raised her hands to wipe away some salty moisture from her eyes. "After… after you disappeared from the Wilderness School I thought… Oh, dear, I thought the worst. You just… You disappeared into thin air. I was worried sick…" What? , Leo thought. What? This was the first time he saw her in nine, almost ten years, after she had dumped him from her house, calling him a devil and accusing him of his mother's death, and after all that time, after depriving him of every single type of comfort from his only living family, after never sending a letter, a card, after never calling suddenly… suddenly she was saying that she was glad to see him? And she expected him to believe her? "I know what you're thinking, Leo" she continued with a nostalgic smile. "I… What I did has no forgiveness of God and I'm sorry for all I said. After that I'd always be informed when you ran away from a foster home and I always thought, I knew I had to go and get you back with me, offer you a home or… talk to you… something! You deserved it, Esperanza deserved it… but I… I never gathered enough courage and before I could manage to force myself to meet my previous mistakes you were gone or you ran away and I was so worried…" You don't have to say this. You don't have to say this… , Leo thought to himself, trying to pierce Rosa's hunched over figure with his gaze, trying to pinpoint the lie this so glaringly was. However, he found himself unable to do so when Rosa raised her eyes and all that he could find in her chocolate orbs was sincere regret and the throbbing pain he knew so well. What interrupted his musings was precisely the woman's voice. "I… ever since I left you, ever since I was so careless and so cruel I haven't stopped dreaming about Esperanza and it's always the same image, she's just standing there, asking me where her baby is, how her son is and I can never find the face to tell my sister that I abandoned her child" she explained, letting tears ran freely down her cheeks and her hands tremble as she made