This, like "Before Going to Hell and Back", was a dare by a friend (the same friend in fact), that is why it seems so different from the things I usually write about. Since I do not ship this pairing, I finally decided to make it a hurt/comfort story. The Only Thing He was in his small room, six-years-old again, curled up against the headboard, crying pleadingly. In front of him, his stepfather, Gregory was unfastening his belt, just before of his eyes, smiling maniacally, with such a lust in his gaze that would have frighten anyone, let alone the child that was there, whimpering desperate and uselessly. Suddenly, the person before him changed. The metamorphosis started slowly, first the eyes, the hair, and then too fast, Gregory's factions changed into ones well-known and loved–his brother's, Pollux's. He stood there, smiling mockingly at him, his arms crossed over his chest, looking taller than he really was. His body was the one if a twelve-years-old, his actual age, while Castor's continued to have the physiognomy of a child. He sighed in relief. It was his brother, Pollux. He was safe now. He dared a trembling smile, raising his small hands, gesturing him to pick him up, and jumping, clinging to his chest, sobbing into him. "Oh, Castor" Pollux said. He froze. That wasn't his brother's voice. Pollux would never talk to him like that. That was the voice in which Pollux talked to a pray. "I'm glad to see you too." He shakily separated himself from his 'brother' and looked into his eyes. They were cold, stone-hard and held lust and a maniac glow. He felt a deep pain in his chest, one even worse than any stab he had ever received. It was a stab, it really was, one exactly over his heart, one that was called Betrayal and that had killed Trust. His brother neared him, taking his chin in his strong hands and forcing his terrified eyes to face his, which held no mercy. "You thought I would stay by your side with no price at all, Castor?" He said, with that horrible voice again. "Oh, you didn't think that, did you, little brother?" He couldn't breathe anymore. The pain was so bad, the fear was so huge. That was his brother, and he was talking to him like Gregory had done so many times before, with hate, with an even voice, but an even voice that he had learned to fear because right after it came the pain, those unnamable actions that haunted him in his nightmares and hurt him, after that voice came his touch, one touch that was supposed to comfort him and that he was supposed to feel safe with but that seemed so lascivious that it utterly froze him with fear. "I'm only taking what was always mine, Castor" Pollux continued saying, as he neared him and suddenly planted a kiss on his small mouth. "I hope you can understand it, brother, it's not my intention to hurt you" he continued kissing him, while Castor whimpered and sobbed; he started to descend, kissing his neck "but if you don't cooperate and you want it to be like that, I'll have to hurt you. I don't want to, do you, little brother?" He asked, faking a sweet tone. That was his older brother, that was the only person that had always protected him, the only person that had offered a hand for him, the only one that had stayed by his side, the only one that he trusted, and there he was, hurting him, doing the things he'd sworn he would never ever allow anyone to do to him. He denied, crying even harder. "That's nice, Castor" he said, his voice stoic this time. "Do me a favor and take out your clothes, would you?" He ordered more than asked, taking off his shirt as well and unfastening his belt. That image was so familiar, so familiar to him. That horrible fear, that something that wouldn't let him breathe, that pain, that feeling of betrayal, those tears falling helplessly from his eyes. It was so familiar and yet so strange. The person that was about to hurt him was the only one that he trusted not to. It was his brother. "Pollux" he whispered pleadingly "Pollux, please, Pollux" his voice sounded so shaky, so weak. "Hush, Castor" he said, and for a moment, his voice almost sounded comforting, but that look in his eyes made that image tremble. "I'm not going to hurt you" Castor wasn't so sure. He started to touch him. First his legs, then his thighs. He felt so dirty, so dirty and so weak and so useless. He knew what was coming next. He woke up with scream, trembling. It had been that nightmare. Again. It was his stepfather, hurting him, making his way through his small body, making him feel broken and useless. He sat in his bed, not realizing he was crying until the tears began falling from his cheeks to his chest. He couldn't help it. He felt so helpless, so forsaken. It wasn't just a regular nightmare. It was a memory. It was something that had happened some years ago and now haunted him. He looked around, scared. He was at the camp, in Dionysius' cabin. Judging by the clarity of sky that entered the round window he could tell that it was just around seven in the morning. And Pollux was gone, probably in the woods, watching some birds or squirrels. Suddenly, the door form cabin 12 cracked as it open rapidly. "Castor you should have come. See, I was watching this woodpecker and then-" he raised his eyes, seeing the broken expression of his brother and hearing his sobbing. His own expression changed into a sorrowful one. "What's wrong?" he asked, his voice strangled. Castor only denied. "Was it him again?" He inquired, notes of hate into his pronunciation, but not directed to his brother. Castor nodded shakily. Pollux tried to repress a tired sigh but wasn't completely successful. "It's okay, Castor, calm down." He said, in an even voice, trying to bring his brother's attention to him. Castor only denied again. "It was different" he said, desperation in his voice. "What do you mean it was different?" Pollux inquired, scared. Castor hid his eyes from Pollux's gaze in shame. He couldn't tell him. How could he ever . . ? "Castor!" Pollux said, bringing his brother's attention to him again, notes of urgency in his voice. "What do you mean it was different?" The boy only started crying even harder. This wasn't the Pollux of his dream. This was his actual brother. He should have know by the concern in his voice. That nightmares, even if they were memories were just nightmares, dreams that did not necessarily meant what could be seen in them. He had to tell his brother. If there was someone in the camp, someone in the world that he trusted, that was his brother Pollux, and if it weren't because of that dammed nightmare, there would have been no-one in the world whose presence he would have wanted more than Pollux's. More crystal tears covered his eyes. He wanted so badly for Pollux to hold him, he wanted to cling to him and to hear to his soft voice whispering comfortingly that everything would be alright, that he would always protect him and would always stay by his side when he needed something, like he'd done since he had learned to talk. He just wanted to feel protected and loved. The only one that ever made him feel like that was his brother, the very same person that he had just dreamt of hurting him. "Castor" Pollux repeated, this time almost pleadingly "tell me what happened." He nodded. He had to tell Pollux. He had to. He was the only person that could comfort him. The only one. His voice sounded shaky, and each word took him a lot of willpower. "It was him, Pollux" he bitterly. "It was him. Again" his sobs suddenly cut his words off, but he managed to recover soon enough. "But suddenly" a hiccup stopped him, while tears continued rolling down his cheeks "suddenly it was you the one that . . . the one that did it" Castor said, fearfully, crying even harder. Pollux heard his brother's declaration in complete shock. How could Castor . . .? How could he think that he'd ever . . .? He stepped back, his face contorted with pure horror and disgust. He wanted to turn around, to turn around and leave. If Castor could even think of him doing something like that, then there was no point in him staying, nothing. But then he saw his brother's expression, desperate, forsaken, one of pain and fear. That touched him instantly, making him change his mind in seconds. How could he even think of leaving seeing his brother like that? How could he? It was not Castor's fault. Whatever had happened, it was not Castor's fault, anyone could tell by his desperate expression. He walked forward slowly, regretting having even thought of leaving his little brother to suffer alone. He sat by the side of the bed and kindly took Castor's trembling body into his arms, feeling him stiffen against his will when the physical touch came. "It's okay, Castor." He said fondly. His brother only cried harder. "Shh" he whispered, pulling him closer to his body. "It's okay." "You would never . . .? Never . . . Would you?" Castor managed to say throughout his sobbing, leaving the unsaid words hanging in the air, though Pollux could understand what he'd meant all too well. "Never" he reassured, not feeling mad this time, just worried. "Never." Castor could only cry even harder, hiding his face in the curve of Pollux's neck, clinging to him desperately. "Calm down, Castor" Pollux whispered, as he started rocking his brother. "It's alright. It's over now, okay? Over. I will always protect you." He promised, as he started drawing soothing circles in his back. Slowly, Castor's cries began to shush, until they stopped. He fell asleep again, still clinging to his older brother, in a silent plea for company. Pollux sighed heavily, as he started remembering. His stepfather was an alcoholic, a psychopath, that man was sick. Ever since he had entered in his life, he'd been rude, disrespectful to him, but it was fine, as long as his brother was safe, whatever he had to endure was fine. He had to protect him, he was weaker, smaller, fearful, shyer. Though he was sure that even if he'd turn to be out differently he would still feel the need to protect him, for the simple reason that he was his small brother. True to tell, it wasn't really his responsibility to take care of Castor—it was their mother's, but she was too busy not caring to realize what was going on. And the next one in the line was Pollux. He had to protect him: he was his small brother and that was enough reason. Sure, they were just a couple of minutes, but the difference wasn't really about the age, but about their personalities. Unlike the Stolls, and though they were actually twins, Castor and Pollux were the complete opposite of each other. The elder, Pollux, was extroverted, easy-going, more active and a lot better at sword training that his brother. Castor, on the other side, was shy, timid, almost fearful, kind to the point he hated fighting. And that was the important thing when a threat appeared. One would stand up and fight while it was likely that the other one froze from fear. Maybe, if things had been different for them, they could have molded their characters in a different way, but overtime, a tiny difference became a huge one, making ages unimportant when the capacity of one to