Okay, so here's the deal. I haven't read the second saga of Percy Jackson . . . Yeah, I'm a disgrace, I know. Still, a very good friend of mine was being rather insistent about me writing a fanfic with these two. I managed to say "no" for a good month, but the other day I came across "Child of Dead", a song by Gio Navas (which you should really listen to, it's great), and one of the verses is "My heart is twisted", so that had me wondering "was he talking about him plainly or about him being gay?" And then I had a mental image of Will -who I don't know yet beacuse I haven't read those books- talking to him, and I liked it so much I simply had to write it. So here it is. There are no spoiler alerts, because well, I can't spoil you something I haven't read, right? Hope you liked it! And something else, once in a while it looks like I'm being kind of . . . harsh on homosexuals, for it to be on record, that's not the case. I'm very fond of them and I think everyone should be free to love whom they choose. I even have some friends that are gay. In fact, the one who asked me for this story, so I'm still sorry if it gives the impression that I do not like them or aren't in favor of equalitary love, know that's not the case (and if it was, why would I bother to write a whole story on a gay pairing?) Either way, enjoy it! And know that the characters are owned by Rick Riordan! Chapter One He Meant It It was mid-summer, and rather reluctantly, the only Greek demigod of Hades was currently staying at the camp. He was inside his cabin at that time, not doing anything but stare blankly at the black wall, which he found really ironic. He also found pathetic how was just sitting there ruminating and pondering over things that had already happened in his life but he couldn't stop himself from thinking. Like, for example, how he had fallen out of love with Percy some time ago. He really had. Well, at least he thought so. It wasn't as if he actually knew what love was anyways. He really believed he'd been in love with Percy. He thought so because of how good he felt when he was around him, because of how nice and charming he was, because of how his heart shuddered when the son of Poseidon smiled, even if his playful grin wasn't even directed to him. He thought he'd loved Percy because of how accepted he felt when he was with the son of the sea, because of how nicely he'd always treated him, because of how easy-going Percy was. But loving someone meant you wanted the best for that person. And he surely as Hell wasn't the best Percy would find. He surely as Hell wasn't the best for anyone, he was aware. Percy was in love with someone. Someone that just happened to match how perfect Percy was, with her beautiful curly blonde hair and her bright-smiley face. Percy was in love with Annabeth, and he surely was corresponded by the daughter do Athena. He knew that. He had no right to step into a relationship when both parts of the couple had never done anything but to be kind to him. He had no right to attempt to split them apart when it was easy to see just how much they loved each other. And, ultimately, there was no point, because Percy would never love him the way he loved his girlfriend. He stood no chance against that girl, not only because of who the girl was, but mostly because of who he was. Annabeth was simply perfect for Percy, and Percy was perfect for Annabeth. He just didn't fit in the picture, it was plain and painfully obvious and he knew it. Plus, there was that other part . . . Percy wasn't gay. Percy was a perfectly normal guy. Percy was not as defective and faulty as he was. Percy not only loved the one that he was meant to love, but also he felt attracted to the gender he was supposed to feel attracted to. He just was not. He couldn't help the bitter smile that made its way up to his lips. Of course he was not like that, not like Percy or like any other person he knew. He had to be different. He had to be dissimilar. He had to be wrong. He had to be twisted; twisted in all the damn ways he could be. Gods, he couldn't just be a freak because he could rise skeletons from the ground; he couldn't just be a freak because he smelt like death (what did that even smell like anyways? He was not even aware of the smell it had, which just happened to be ironic). He couldn't just be a freak because of how skinny and pale he was. Oh, no, gods, no. He had to be a freak also because of that. It was just wrong. He was just wrong, he was aware. The fates simply couldn't –wouldn't– give him a rest, that was simply out of the table. There were really nice girls at the camp, sure. Apollo's cabin had charming girls, and so did Aphrodite's or Demeter's or practically each and every cabin –excepting maybe, Ares'–, and in a perfect world he would have been attracted by a girl, just like every other guy was. But in this world, which just happened to be the real one, he was attracted to people of his very same gender. Wonderful, just won-der-ful. Either way, he had fallen out of love with the amazing, breath-taking Perseus Jackson long time ago. He was not even sure he had even been in love with him to start with. He just knew something in the son of the sea captured him and made him want to stay by his side almost desperately. He only knew he'd been attracted to him and experienced something so strong when Percy touched him or so much as talked to him, that the older of the two never noticed. He only knew and he was certain that what he had felt was something powerful, something strong that he'd never felt before, towards anyone. And if that was not love, he certainly didn't know what it was, (which was the reason why he was having these thoughts at the moment to begin with). But it was over. It was just pointless and senseless to continue to or to even try to beg for the demigod's love when he knew he stood no chance to gain it. It was just futile to put himself exactly in where he would get hurt when he wanted to avoid that pain. It hurt nevertheless, everything in his fucking life hurt, but he just . . . he just didn't want to risk getting hurt that way anymore, or not any further, for he knew he was not going to win anything but heart-ache, same he already had enough of. It was just worthless, pointless. Percy didn't see him as anything other than a close friend, a younger brother, he himself had said that to Nico once or twice. It had taken time for him to be okay with that thought, to not feel his throat thickening or the capacity to breathe leaving his body when r heard that Percy only viewed him as a sibling, but he was now. He finally was fine with it. He had managed to convince himself to look at Percy as an older brother too, as someone he could trust and cling to, as someone he could ask for help if he needed it, as someone that accepted him for who he was. He trusted Percy, he really did. If there was someone he could rely on that sure was Percy Jackson; after everything they'd been through, after the many times that the son of the Sea had proven himself to him to continue disbelieving him would have been too much, even for the son of Hades. Still, not even Percy knew. Not even Percy knew that . He hadn't told him. How could he? How could he fucking do it? He didn't want to recognize it, didn't want to accept it, even if it was just to himself, but it scared him. He was scared. Better yet, he was terrified. Terrified of telling him, terrified of speaking the words aloud, terrified of the disgusted look that would surely be present in those sea-green eyes, terrified of Percy seeing just how much of a freak he really was, terrified of a rejection, terrified of losing Percy. He was not even talking about a romantic rejection, but the thought was just as heart-stopping. He didn't. He didn't want to lose Percy. It didn't matter that he didn't love him like he did, like he had; it didn't matter that Percy had reasons to want to just disembarrass himself from the son of Hades, it didn't matter just how pathetic and needy it sounded, but he didn't want to lose Percy. He just didn't want to. Sure, Jason knew, but it was different. He wasn't as fond of Jason as he was with Percy, he hadn't known Jason for as long as he had known Percy, he hadn't been in love with the son of Jupiter, and most importantly, he hadn't been the one willing to tell Jason in the first place. It was just different; there was no point of comparison. Which brought us to the fact that apart Jason and himself, no-one knew that little, dirty secret of his. No-one knew and better yet, he wouldn't allow anyone to know. It just . . . It was just wrong. Being gay, really? Did he really have to be gay? But it was just obvious. It was just obvious . He had to be. He sure had to be homosexual. He had to be because everything in his fucking life was twisted, he had to be because he was wrong, defective, faulty and ultimately, twisted. He didn't even want to know what would happen if his father so much as heard a rumor of him being homosexual. He, Nico di Angelo, son of Hades, the Ghost King, gay? He sighed tiredly. That couldn't happen. He couldn't let that happen. If his father heard notice . . . Hades would probably kill him and create a brand new place in Tartarus for him to pass eternity in. He had to keep it secret. It was . . . It was just the sanest thing, the safest. It was the best also. For him, and maybe for others too, to not let them know how wrong their comrade –if he even deserved the name– was, how demented and how wrenched he really was. He knew things had changed. Homosexuality wasn't viewed as something that wrong now. Homosexuals weren't killed as they had been back to World War II. They weren't considered a plague. In fact, homosexuality was something pretty much accepted in the US; most states actually permitted homosexuals to get married and even to adopt children–not that he was interested in so for the time being, but if the moment ever came . . . In the name of Zeus, what was he thinking? He raised both of his hands and gripped his temples, slowly drawing circles with his thin fingers. He grimaced, feeling the beginning of a headache already starting to throb in his bonce. That thought was just stupid, senseless. Him? A family, a lover? Children? No . . . That was just . . . just . . . impossible. He wouldn't get that . . . Never. He .