So... remember moths upon months ago when I said I'd write a story with some bonding between Piper and Reyna? Well... here it is. This came out simply because I felt we needed to see mroe interaction between these two girls, like, c'mon, Reyna deserves all the love in the world! I hope you enjoy it! Someone to Talk To If someone had dared stare a little too long at Reyna, perhaps they'd seen that the praetor's face lacked its usual scrutiny, her jaw not set as sternly, her eyes absent in their sockets. However, that absentness didn't come in the aloof way that characterized her, not in that way that her legionaries were used to, but rather, her dark orbs denounced that she was deeply lost in thought, presumably, not a good one. Anyone that had bothered to look at her for a little while would have noticed―yet, no one had stopped to spare a second glance to the praetor that had stood unmoving by the lake's shore for over an hour now. No one, save Piper McLean. In all honesty, the leader of the Aphrodite cabin, unlike a good number of her siblings, wasn't known for liking gossip, which was why she hadn't dared to interrupt Reyna's thoughts. On the other side, though, Piper was also growing more worried by every minute the Roman demigoddess stared blankly at the waves of the lake. For what she had heard, Reyna had been called by Chiron to discuss the return to Camp Jupiter of the Roman legionaries that had stayed behind after Gaea's defeat, having being too wounded or weak to be sent back with their army. However, after she had spoken with the centaur, Reyna hadn't shown any signs of wanting to leave Camp Half-Blood. It wasn't that Piper was bothered by her presence, far from that. She liked Reyna, she really did. Her concern didn't come from Reyna's presence, but rather… from her aura . The daughter of Bellona was one of those people who you didn't expect to be weak. It was unthinkable. Reyna was unbreakable―which was why it was so despairing for the Greek girl to read a sorrow so deep in Reyna's eyes that she could only remain in silence to try to fool herself into thinking that it didn't exist. No wonder that the Roman demigods respected the daughter of Bellona to the point of turning a blind eye to the fact that she had broken the law and had returned to the ancient lands. No one had dared utter a single word about the matter and, Piper was certain, if someone had, it would have only taken an arching of Reyna's brows to send them to silence again. She wasn't someone who could go by unnoticed. Romans and Greeks alike stopped and listened whenever she spoke and, even when someone didn't agree with her ―or with her more-often-than-not unorthodox ways― they had to step back and appreciate the fact that Reyna, despite her many flaws, always kept the greater good in mind and, though not everyone seemed to share Piper's thoughts on the matter, the daughter of Aphrodite was convinced that, on a number of occasions, Reyna had prioritized her legionaries over her own well-being. Reyna and Jason were similar in that sense, Piper smiled fondly, always thinking of others. Jason, however, had a friendlier and more laidback demeanor that translated in the demigods being closer to him and not minding his presence when they were reluctant of the sole idea of initiating a conversation with Reyna. Conversely to that, Piper was a chatterbox. For most of her life she'd passed as the silent and shy girl sitting at the back of the classroom, but ever since she had arrived to Camp Half-Blood she'd discovered the comfortable camaraderie of small talks in the hallways, the shouted comments from friends sitting opposite to your table during dinner―and she was loving it, which made it even more obvious how lonely she'd been before. Which, perhaps, also explained why the vacant look in Reyna's eyes bothered her so much, to the point of sending a shiver down her spine and making her lips transform into a thin line. When fifteen more minutes went by and Reyna still hadn't shown any signs of moving, Piper decided she couldn't take it anymore and stepped forward with a sigh, until she was standing next to the New Rome's praetor. Reyna didn't acknowledge her appearance. "Hey," Piper started nervously, a coy smile at the corner of her lips. "McLean," the demigoddess replied, unamused, with her head still turned to the lake instead of to her interlocutor. "Can I sit here?" the daughter of Aphrodite prompted shortly after. "It's your camp," Reyna shrugged, to which Piper could only sigh once more. "Listen, Reyna, you can tell me to mind my own business, but I couldn't help noticing that you… Are you alright?" she finally asked, her whole body facing the other demigoddess, even when Reyna had stubbornly kept her gaze fixed on the gentle waves of the reservoir in front of them. "What makes you think I'm not?" the praetor deadpanned with a raised eyebrow, something Piper noticed because that was the moment in which Reyna finally turned her head to look at her, something the daughter of Aphrodite counted as a small victory even when, other than that, Reyna's body continued to be directed to the lake. "Please don't take it the wrong way, Reyna, but you… you look tired," Piper replied, daring to flash a shy smile at the praetor. Reyna, on her side, responded with a sigh―long, weary, almost defeated as she closed her eyes. When she reopened them, her gaze was fixed on the gentle waves of the lake once more. "What if it's so?" she replied, her voice not low enough to be considered a whisper, though it was remarkably quieter than her usual tone. "Well," Piper began, weighing her words. "Then I'd tell you that you need to rest. Not only because you must be in an excellent shape to carry out your job as praetor but, more importantly, because you need to take care of yourself." "Take care of myself?" Reyna snorted. "I haven't had more than four hours of sleep per day since the war was over, and even that is saying too much sometimes. I have no chance to take 'better care of myself'," she mocked, rolling her eyes. Piper, however, didn't think the daughter of Bellona was bothered in truth. Not with her presence or her words, at least. What Piper could hear in Reyna's voice wasn't annoyance, but more like… frustration. "This is exactly what I mean, Reyna. I… I'm aware that you have a lot of responsibilities upon your shoulders, but, trust me, it'll be of no good that you burn yourself up. I mean… you need to be in your best shape to get on optimally with your duties." "Easier said than done," Reyna replied in a snort. "Well, perhaps this is not something you're used to hearing, but if there's anything I could do to help you, you just… let me know, okay?" Piper offered, still trying ―and failing― to stablish eye-contact. Amused, Reyna raised an eyebrow and looked up at Piper, a smile almost cynical plastered across her lips. "You, princess?" she inquired, as if the mere idea of the daughter of Aphrodite offering to assist her seemed comical to her. "Don't call me that, Reyna, please. I mean it, I want to help you," she responded, without missing a beat, no trace of animosity in her voice despite the hurtful words of the praetor. A second went by, then three, then five, and all the Roman demigoddess did was calculatingly stare at her interlocutor until, perhaps a whole minute later, Reyna's features softened. "I apologize, Piper," she said at last, her voice short from a whisper. "Why do you hate me, Reyna? Is it because of Jason?" the daughter of Aphrodite asked, this time, unable to keep the pained dying from her voice. On her side, Reyna laughed bitterly. "Thinking that someone else decides who I hate and who I like sounds a little pathetic, doesn't it?" she replied, huffing. Piper merely shrugged. "Far from that, Piper, I think you are a formidable opponent and you've destroyed some ideas I had about the children of Ven―of Aphrodite." "Then why? Why do you treat me like this? Out of everyone, I'm the one you seem to avoid the most. You get a long very nicely with Annabeth, you've warmed up to Hazel, you're even friendly towards her. It seems you even like Kayla, from Apollo, and you've only spoken twice to her. But me? Either I'm going crazy or you despise me." "Annabeth and I are both children of war, we think alike," Reyna tried to defend herself. "Hazel is a good soldier and Kayla has been in charge of the healing of a good number of my legionaries it's only natural that I―" "Reyna, it's not only them," Piper inhaled sharply. "You get along better with Thalia than you do with me and you've nearly haven't talked to her. Quit the formality, it's not as if I'm going to sue you because of improper behavior! Just tell me… tell me what your problem is, tell me if it's something I did or if it's… Tell me what happened and if I offended you in any way, I'll apologize to you." Turning her eyes to the floor, Reyna sighed. "It's not you, McLean, it's just… I don't get along with Venus… or with her spawn, for that matter," she pointed out, provoking a sarcastic smile to appear in Piper's lips. "Funnily enough I don't like my mother much either," she said. "And thinking that if you don't like someone then you shouldn't like their relatives seems kind of pathetic, doesn't it?" she offered, turning Reyna's words against her, which managed to bring a smirk to the praetor's features, same she tried to suppress by pressing her lips into a thin line. "You said you wanted to help me," Reyna started after a long while of silence. "I did." "If I asked you something, would you answer sincerely? No fear of retribution or animosity from my side or whatsoever?" "Well, sure… I mean, if I can be of any help…" "You might have already heard about this, but here it goes still: while I traveled to Charleston Harbor with Jason I had the arguable fortune of encountering your mother, Venus, and all she said to me was: «No demigod shall heal your heart.» Now, I hadn't had much time to think about it, but, lately, it has been coming back to my mind and I wondered, if any of you, children of Venus, would know what she meant with those words." "Oh, that…" Piper stuttered. "My… my mother, as well as most gods, is rather fond of speaking with riddles, and I cannot tell you exactly what Aphrodite was thinking when she said that to you anymore than I can explain that prophecy. What I can do, however," she continued, silencing the reply Reyna had just inhaled air to say. "Is what I think that she meant and, if you want to hear that, I'll be glad to give you my opinion." With an inquisitive expression and arched eyebrows, Reyna nodded, her lips still pressed together. "Can I say anything, knowing you're aware that my intention is far from bothering or hurting you?" Piper inquired, if only to reassure herself. "Go ahead," Reyna shrugged. "I suppose that, whatever it is, I had it coming." "Okay, so, I… I think it could mean that your true love isn't a demigod―it could be a mortal or a god, for all we know, even a satyr," she shyly began after having chosen her words. She smiled, ignoring Reyna's disgusted expression. "Or, and please don't be offended, it could mean that