Hello beautiful people! Okay, let's begin with some explanations that I'm sure I have to give you. Point number one, I know that I had promised to be very active because of spring break, but vacations already ended and I did not publish a thing. Now, I can swear you that was not my fault, I've been working like crazy, but time just slips through my fingers. One of the things I've been working so hard on is a contest. Yes, you read right! DeviantArt and Wattpad are organizing a contest called 'Twist Fate' and the idea, all in all, is awesome. What you are supposed to do is write/draw a comic/draw a picture/whatevs in which you transfor a hero into a villain or viceversa. Being the work-addict I am, I decided to participate; although I did not count with how nervous I'd get with the results, and, apparently, when I get nervous the only way to get a hold of me is by writing so... I might or might not have written more than one story for the contest. Let's come clean, as all of you who follow me on Facebook already know, I participated four times, with four differnt stories, first with "A Blessing and a Curse", then with "It Was She", then with "To Both Sanity and Madness" and, lastly, with this little guy, "Shine in the Dark". I know what you'll say "Karen, don't you have anything better to do? How about you actually finish one of your stories?" Guys, I know, but I just couldn't resist! The ideas just wouldn't leave me alone and my bad math said I would have time for everything (which was obviously not the case). Anyways, to the story. You see, at first I decided to go for The Little Mermaid ("A Blessing and a Curse"), because that was my favorite fairy tale as a child, and still is, now that I've read the original story. Later, I just thought that I might try to make a villain into a hero, and I went for The Sleeping Beauty in the Woods ("It Was She") plainly because I liked Maleficent (although she's not named that in the original story). As time went by, I realized that this was my perfect opportunity to do something with Snow White because she's my least favorite princess ever, and I wrote "To Both Sanity and Madness". But then again, it took my wandering brain almost a month to realize that, very far away from fairy tales, this was the perfect opportunity to make a story in which I portrayed Hades, my favorite god from Greek mythology, as a hero. I belive he's rejected plainly because he's the god of the Underworld (of the place only, people, he's not the god of death!). I have a lot of reasons as to why I believe people might have a wrong opinion of whoe he is. For example, he was never unfaithful to Persephone, unlike Zeus or Poseidon or Dionysius. This makes me think that he really loved his wife, and that Perspehone's and his marriage is really the most functional in Olympus. He didn't refuse to return Persephone once he heard people were dying in the living world, although he was in his right because Persephone had in fact ingested food from the Underworld. I mean, he even agreed to return Eurydice and Semele back to life! For me, that's a fair, unanimous person, whatever his realms are. And this is why I decided that, screw my vacations, screw my pendants, I needed to write a tribute for Hades; he deserves it and I wanted to do it, so why not? Also known as "Why is Karen publishing at the last minute and gives lame excuses for it?" So, to close it here because I think my babling is already long enough, this is my fourth contribution to the contest and I promise it will be the last. I really hope you enjoy reading this just as much as I enjoyed writing it! The art I used for the cover does not belong to me. This story had exactly 2,500 words, without counting the title (my heart almost stopped as the number raised and raised) and I am fifteen years old. Shine in the Dark The first time he saw it was during a meeting at Mount Olympus. Truth was he did not enjoy these kinds of things, even when he really did not have anything better to do back at his marbled castle. This was his family, he knew. Hera and Zeus, Hestia and Poseidon, complex and noisy as they were, still shared blood —well, ichor— with him; those were still his siblings. And one, two, four, wasn't he missing someone? Oh, sure, Demeter, his last, not-as-cheery, sister. They did not despise each other, of course they didn't—leaving in the entrails of your father with not much space for long years surely taught you that you could not do such a thing. They just… didn't get along very well. But then again, he didn't 'get along' with any of his siblings, whoever that was. Perhaps he was just jealous in a recondite part of himself that she had been so much more successful than he had in life. Sure, there were a couple of dark things to be said about his sister. Like, for example, how she had agreed to conceive a daughter with her sister's husband. Of course, that wasn't nearly the first time Zeus was unfaithful to his wife but, this time, something made it different and took it to a whole different level: for the first time, Zeus was having an affair with one of Hera's sisters, and if that was not the top of it, then Hades really didn't want to know how much worse it could get. That double betrayal had finally destroyed any mercy that still withheld Hera from really hurting someone. She couldn't stand the sight of Demeter, and even when she was forced to stay at Zeus' side, she had never been quite the same as before, always a little too distant, a little too cold. Which was yet another reason as to why Hades did not want anything to do with Demeter. Not anymore. The girl, product of that affair, however, bore no fault, and he at least could recognize that, even when Hera could not. And that was why, instead of stepping aside or praying for Apollo to actually hurry and raise the sun, Hades walked forward and engaged in conversation with Persephone, planning to be near if something happened. She was still young, only a couple of centuries old, but she didn't look older than sixteen, with a nervous smile and emerald eyes that fell to her fidgeting hands a little too often. "I'm guessing you are Persephone, am I right?" Hades offered, although he already knew the answer. "I-I am" the young girl nodded, sending nervous glances to their surroundings, as if looking for someone. "I'm Hades" he introduced himself, since during some hundred years he had not attended Mount Olympus, precisely to spare himself the family drama and they hadn't met. The maiden, however, did not take the hand he was offering her and only nodded stoically, pressing together her pallid lips. She had a certain beauty, Hades decided, one different from Aphrodite's, from Hecate's, from everyone he had ever met. She was jumpy and nervous and didn't try to hide it, unlike most goddesses did. Although it was already winter, Persephone only wore a sleeveless white tunic, accompanying it with a thin shawl that curled around her wrists graciously and made her eyes sparkle. It was just while he analyzed the girl's clothes that he noticed it—along her wrist, the bluish, almost faded but still recognizable trace of a bruise. "Excuse me, may I?" he asked, gesturing to take her hand, but instead Persephone stepped back with the frightened look of a cornered animal. Unfortunately, that was just when he heard steps approaching them. "My, my, sweetie, I see you've met my brother Hades" a high-pitched voice he instantly recognized as Demeter's said behind them. "A very debatable honor if you ask me". "Wonderful to see you too" Hades spat, turning to his sister, who had already caught up with them and was now taking Persephone's hand in a gesture midway possessive and midway protective, her calculating brown eyes scanning Hades. "Well, now, if that's all you have to say, we must leave now" she stated, smiling with faked kindness as she turned on her heels and pulled her daughter along with her. "But you can't leave now, your beautiful spawn and I were having a captivating conversation" he argued. "Oh, honey, she's not interested. Trust me, I would know" Demeter retorted. And with that, they disappeared into the crowd of noisy gods; although not before Persephone turned over her shoulder and directed a last conflicted glance in Hades' direction, like an animal that sensed its throat would be slayed. Somehow, Hades couldn't push away the thought that she was being dragged to her own death, immortal as Persephone was. The bad news was that Demeter had something in mind and wanted it to remain hid while she pulled her strings. The good news was that finding ones who preferred to remain un-found was what Hades did best. Who knew those years persecuting souls would pay-off anyways. —*—*— Unfortunately, Olympus was bigger than Hades reminded. Fortunately, he was good with labyrinths. When he found them, he had almost convinced himself that he was exaggerating. But maybe not so much, he thought, turning a corner and finally eyeing the brunette locks of his sister, who was holding Persephone by the wrists, pressing her against the white wall. "What did I told you about talking to strangers?" she hissed through her gritted teeth. "Do you have any idea of who that was? No? Well, of course you don't! That was Hades, one of the most powerful gods around here and certainly someone we don't want in our way!" "Mom, I'm sorry!" the girl whined, her eyes shut so tightly Hades almost thought she'd hurt herself. "I swear to you he talked to me first, I… I didn't even—" "Enough!" Demeter roared, letting go of her and raising her fingers to massage her temples. "We'll talk about this later". "First coherent thing I hear you say" Hades muttered, finally coming out of the shadows and placing himself next to Persephone, who was still trembling slightly, her eyes too focused on the ground for the god's liking. "Well, well, who do we have here, the almighty Hades!" Demeter mocked, running a hand through her silky hair. "Dear, I believe that you do not want to cause us any problems, so please move, my little flower and I have some things to take care of" she said, extending her hand in an attempt to reach Persephone's, but Hades stopped her. "You are not going to touch her like that again, do you hear me?" he let out in a voice dangerously low. "You giving me orders is something I didn't expect" Demeter spat, smiling as if this was a mere setback. "Now, really Persephone and I have some things to do with some… good friends, if you don't mind". "Let me talk to her, alone" he ordered. "I don't think so, Hades, we're in a hurry". "I'm not letting you treat her like this" he warned. "The thing is, brother, that I don't need your permission. She is my daughter and whatever I do with her is my problem". "A problem? Is that all you have to say about your daughter?" he inquired sternly. "I did not say the things like that, but now that you mention it, it's true! She ruined my life! Hera has been trying to kill me for decades!" "Don't get our sister in this. You made your decisions and are paying the