There we go! Remember when I promised I'd publish something happy and nice soon? And remember long, long time ago when I said I'd write some bonding between Hazel and Hades and Persephone and everyone? Well... here it is! Some of you asked why was I so mean to Hazel, as I have given Nico a good, stable relationship with Persephone and Hades, but the Roman girl was never there, and in all honesty, you were right, I was leaving her aside, no matter the fact that I didn't mean to. So, she deserved a family just as much as Nico does and she's a sweetheart, but at first it was really hard for me to find a way to out-smart the fact that she was supposed to be dead. So, after thinking very hardly on it, I finally came up with the solution that you'll be able to read just below! I really hope you enjoy this little something! Underworld Meeting "You'll be alright" Nico murmured, giving a tiny squeeze to Hazel's hand just before he knocked at the door of their father's dining room. "I hope so too" the girl let out in a shaky voice just when the heavy doors opened to reveal the spacious dining room, at which mahogany table both Persephone and Hades were already sitting. What were they doing at such a place? What was he doing, taking his innocent little sister to the site most people really tried to avoid? Well, yeah, the answer was simple, they were demigods and, now, of course they'd go to the Underworld―their father owned the place. In all honesty, Nico himself had no idea of what he was doing or of how things would turn out, but he could not let his worry show if he did not want ―and he really didn't― Hazel to worry even more Sighing, they finally stepped into the room, holding hands so tightly their knuckles went white. "Hello" Persephone greeted, standing from her seat as she extended her left hand to point at the chairs that had been prepared for the newcomers. Sensing how Hazel immediately stiffened on his side, Nico felt the need to assure her with his own acting. "A bit tense this atmosphere, isn't it?" he offered with a crooked smile. "Who died this time, P?" "Very funny you" Persephone muttered, rolling her eyes and sitting down again, even when she was still smiling warmly. "Welcome, dear" she added, directing to Hazel, who at some point had decided to hide behind Nico. "Dad" Nico continued, bowing slightly at the figure of their father, who was sitting at one of the heads, right across from Persephone. Only then did Nico notice how instead of a large table for ten or twelve people as Hades had the habit of using, there were only four seats in this miniature piece of furniture, as if the god of the Underworld had decided to make the distance between them smaller not only by openly receiving his living children in his realms, but also by literally drawing them closer to each other. And that was another good question―what were Nico di Angelo and Hazel Levesque doing in the Underworld. In all honesty, not even Nico, who had dragged Hazel along with him and affirmed it was not as bad idea as it sounded, was sure about that simple inquiry. Hades, to put it simply, had ordered him, more like pleaded, to bring his sister ―yes, the one and only that still lived, the one that was supposed to be dead― to the Underworld for a… for a family meeting, although those hadn't been his exact words. Now, it was in fact dangerous to enter the after-world but… this was their father they were talking about and yes, yes, Hades and Pluto and whoever had made several, horrid mistakes in the past but… he himself had said it, this was a different life, a different opportunity to make things right and if their father ―their only living parent― was trying to do something good… then who was he to take that away from Hazel and from himself? Besides, it had been Hades himself, the one who had pointed him to Camp Jupiter when he'd rescued Hazel and that, if you asked Nico, meant that Pluto was as worried about his daughter as he could allow himself to be. "Be welcomed, my children" Hades let out in a strangled voice, sending anxious glances in Hazel's direction, although the girl missed them due to the fact that she was stubbornly staring at the ground. Trying to not let show how nervous he was too, Nico stepped forward and placed the chair at Persephone's right for his sister to take a seat. "You'll be alright" he promised, squeezing her shoulder as she sat, fidgeting with her fingers nervously. Just when Nico sat down too out of some where skeletal butlers started to appear, carrying various plates, though there were only four people sitting at this tiny table. Almost as if Hades doesn't want to give us a chance to turn this even more uncomfortable , Nico thought, noticing how tight the god of the Underworld was holding his jaw. What a strange sight, one might have thought, a three-thousand-old almighty god anxious at the sight of two teenagers. Such a bravery display. Only then did Nico dwell on the fact that he was the only one who had actually talked to each and every of the people sitting at the table in that moment. Oh, damn it, things were really bound to turn out wrong now. "Dad, how have things been going here?" he asked, finally deciding that if anyone was going to say something, it didn't look like Hades or Hazel. "Can I… can I answer that one?" Persephone inquired, beaming and gesturing like crazy. On his side, Hades only let out a resigned growl. "Dark, cold, and, as always, filled with dead people!" the goddess recited, chuckling lightly until she could finally burst into laughter at the end and she would have fallen to the ground in her hysteria, if not because Nico caught her and steadied her back into her chair. "Yes, yes, that too, Persephone, thank you" Hades nodded, sighing and messaging his temples. "C'mon, dear, it's a good one!" his wife replied, still laughing until Hades let out a crooked smile. Persephone and her weird taste when it came to movies, Nico though, rolling his eyes. Really, he should stop giving her string, but seeing Hades done-with-it face made it worth it. On the goddess' side, Hazel had in fact recognized the reference thanks to Leo and his constant attempts at "updating her", though that did not explain why Hades, the almighty son of Kronos, ruler of the Underworld, was going along with it. "Thank you, son, as I was saying, things are going fine now that the issue with the Doors of Death has been solved and Gaea is not causing any more problems". And just like that the tension was broken, and Hazel found herself raising her gaze from the ground for the first time to find Persephone still leaning into Nico's shoulder while covering her face and trying to catch her breath just as Hades massaged his temples with resignation. And it might have been a weird sight for a family reunion but… there was laughter and smiles and trust and… Hazel couldn't help but find it… incredibly beautiful, to say the least. They continued talking like that, maybe about nimieties, about things of no importance, but they talked, they talked and that was more than could be said for a lot of the other demigods and, for once, weird as it sounded, it was Nico who was holding the baton in the conversation. So much for a 180 degrees change. "And you, dear, why don't you tell us something about you?" Persephone proposed after a while, directing everyone's attention to Hazel, who had attended most of the conversation in a polite silence, nodding and laughing softly when she considered it to be proper, but all in all trying very hardly to avoid Persephone's or Hades' eyes and trying to not really be noticed. Biting her lower lip, Hazel met gazes with Nico, who smiled at her ever so subtly in a silent promise of support. "I'm… I'm Roman?" she offered, not really knowing what she was doing, but having the impression that if Hades was not the same as Pluto then why was Hades here? Better yet, did one form of his father know what the other one was doing? Instead of pointing out how that was in no way original or unknown, Persephone and Hades limited to nod patiently. "Have you… have you continued drawing?" Hades asked, actually directing to her daughter for the first time. "I… I have, father" Hazel assented, fidgeting slightly. "It's just that…" "Actually, she's helping Annabeth with the designs of some parts of Olympus and Jason with the temples for minor gods" Nico came to her rescue, bringing the gods' attention back to him. "Is that true?" Persephone piped in. "That sounds amazing!" "It's not like that, I just…" Hazel tried, but only to be interrupted by her proud older brother. "Please, Haz, say it as it is: Annabeth is a great designer and she knows what she wants but she's not a great illustrator!" "It's just the details, really" Hazel promised, shyly as she smiled, and that was more than Nico could ask for. Just as everything seemed to be going perfectly, Hazel felt the well-known stringency in her chest and was back to biting her lower lip. Sure enough, when she looked back down to the table she found two rubies the size of her hand next to her plate, from which she had raised her gaze of for a few minutes. "I… I'm so sorry…" she blurted, gesturing to pick them and―and what? Throw them away, hide them, take them with her? Would the curse even hurt the gods if they touched the jewels? "It's okay, dear" Persephone assured before Nico could, reaching out for one of the precious gems, without any of them being capable of warning her, for the young girl's despair. "Now, now, this is beautiful" she murmured, sending a glance at her own plant-like jewel ornaments at the corners of the dining room, like one would have a potted-plant at home. "How did you do that?" So she's unaware of my curse , Hazel thought worriedly, missing Hades' pressed-up lips. "I… they… they just kind of appear when I get nervous or something... It isn't… it isn't that common now, but…" "So when you get nervous jewels pop from the ground?" the goddess inquired, smiling. And oh, here it comes , Hazel thought. She'll say how lucky I am and how she wished she could do the same but she knows nothing about the curse . "Now, isn't that interesting? The only thing I can make appear from the ground when I get either nervous or mad are daisies. I'm serious, I'm fighting with my mother and I make a bouquet of daisies appear in my hands and I'm like 'Wow, so much for being a goddess'" Persephone said, twisting her right wrist to prove her point as three, perfectly white marguerites appeared at the center of the table, same that Hazel was only able to see because she dared raise her eyes at the exact moment when they became solid. "P, I'm serious, you have no right to complain!" Nico piped in. "Whenever I get angry, skeletons appear or the temperature drops and someone gets a cold!" "Am I to assume that the sick one is you, dear, judging by how upset it makes you?" Persephone asked, blinking in faked innocence as she heard Nico growl. "Maybe that'll explain why you keep going to the infirmary" Hazel chanted playfully, only to copy Persephone's methods and