AN: heyyy lovely readers. Awhile back, I made the mistake of reading a poorly handled fellowship-ends-up-in-our-world fic and I was faced with the uncontrollable urge to write one myself so as to do it justice. So, this is my take on the classic trope. The only thing I own here is my laptop and my OC. I do not own Lord of the Rings. If I did, I could afford a car. Katie never asked for any of this. She was happy, well, as happy as a broke college student could be. She had a house that she shared with four fantastic friends, an education degree she was on track to finish, and a kitchen of her very own where she could stress-bake to her heart's desire. But no. Normal and simple weren't in the cards for Katherine Eileen Zimmer. It all started on a really fucking cold January night. " Bye, bye, miss American pie ," Katie sang to herself as she finished up the rest of her dishes. " Drove my Chevy to the levy, but the levy was dry ," she stacked as many clean plates as she could hold and shuffled over to the cabinet, putting them away. " Them good ol' boys were drinking whiskey and rye ," Katie padded back over to the sink in her fuzzy sock-clad feet and turned the cold water on, just enough to keep the pipes from freezing overnight. " Singin' this'll be the day that I die ," Katie rested her hands on the countertop and looked out the window at the snowstorm still going strong. " This'll be the day that I die. " She'd shoveled that damn driveway right after dinner and already, it had been snowed over. "Jesus, I need to get that song out of my head," she muttered under her breath. She let out an exasperated sigh and let her wavy, dirty blonde hair out of its ponytail. Normally, she would have asked Dani or Sara for a new earworm, but they, along with her other two roommates, Alexis and Rebecca, weren't back on campus yet. That was what she got for wanting to get away from her family early, she supposed. As Katie cast around for a new song, she went about closing all the blinds and making sure all the doors were locked for the night. " Poor old Johnny Ray ," she began, trusting Come On Eileen to get American Pie out of her head. " Sounded sad upon the radio with a million hearts in mono ," she went to the living room in the back of the house, double checking the lock on the back door. " Our mothers cried - sang along, who'd blame them? " she closed the blinds on the windows in the living room and went to the dining room in the front of the house. " You're grown - so grown up - so grown - you've grown up - now I must say more than ever - come on, Eileen, " she closed one, two blinds in the dining room. " Too rah, loo rah, too rah, loo rye ay, " she closed three, and finally the fourth. " And we can sing just like our fathers ," Katie checked the lock on the front door and whirled around to face the inside of the house. " Come on Eileen! " she sang loudly, bobbing her head and dancing badly to the sound of her own voice. " Oh, I swear - what he means - at this moment, you mean everything! You in that dress - oh my thoughts, I confess, verge on dirty, " she got a bit of a running start and slid across the tiled kitchen floor. " Oh, come on, Eileen! " " I guess the change in my pocket wasn't enough, I'm like, 'fuck you,' and 'fuck her too,' " Katie had gotten to the laundry as well as Cee Lo Green, when she heard a pounding on the front door. "What the fuck?" she wondered aloud, checking the time on her phone - "two thirty in the morning, Jesus Christ, really?" she asked herself under her breath. Being the cautious woman she had learned to be in her twenty one years of life, she grabbed a hammer from her toolbox in the laundry room before going to the front door. Whoever it was pounded on the door again, and she thought she might have heard someone shouting. Katie shifted her grip on the eighteen ounce hammer and flipped on the porch light. She could hear the person - no, it was definitely more than one - yelling something when she turned on the light, but she couldn't tell what was being said. Katie went to look through the small window in the door and saw, illuminated by her porch light, an old guy with a beard and some kind of wizard hat, some pretty-boy blonde with, she had to admit, really great hair, two kind of scruffy looking guys, a short guy with a huge beard, and what looked like four kids. All of them, every single one, looked like they had some manner of frostbite and had gotten lost on the way to a Comic Con or a Renaissance Faire. "My Lady," she thought she heard the old guy yelling over the wind - My lady? What century is this guy from? "We beg of you for shelter from the cold," at least, she was pretty sure that was what he'd said. Ha. Yeah fucking right, like I'm about to let a bunch of strangers into my house. "Get off my property or I'm calling the police," Katie threatened through the door. Scruffy Number One, the one with darker hair, exchanged a look with Old Guy and Pretty-Boy. "Please, my lady, we mean you no harm," Scruffy Number One said. "You expect me to believe that?" Katie asked, and Pretty-Boy had the nerve to smirk at her through the window. "No fucking way am I letting a bunch of strangers into my house to gang-rape me. I told you to get off my property, so go," she said firmly, using a voice that she thought Dani would say was somewhere between her teacher voice and her angry voice. "My lady, please-" Old Guy began. "Get lost!" Katie interrupted him with a yell, and still they didn't move. "All we ask is shelter from the cold!" Scruffy Number Two said, well, more like shouted. "Fuck off, all of you! What part of 'get off my property' don't you understand? I swear-" she was really getting on a roll and then Scruffy Number Two went and tried the doorknob. "Alright, that's it, I'm calling the cops," Katie said angrily, projecting her voice for them to hear her loud and clear, and she went downstairs to grab her phone from the laundry room. As soon as she had grabbed it though, she heard a click from upstairs and then a creak, followed by a rush of wind and a lot of footsteps. Katie ran up the stairs, her eighteen ounce hammer in her right hand while she frantically and clumsily tried to dial 911 with her left. However, as soon as she got to the top of the stairs, Pretty-Boy grabbed her from behind, holding her arms behind her back. "What the fuck is wrong with you guys?" Katie cried, struggling against her captor's grip and watching as the last of them stomped into her home, closing the door behind them. "Pleas, the little ones would not have lasted another hour in the cold," Scruffy Number Two said. "So you break into my house? That's your answer? Don't you have cars or something? Ever hear of a homeless shelter?" she asked, trying to hide her fear, because Jesus Fucking Christ, was she scared. A bunch of strangers - men, no less - just broke into her house and she was pretty sure they were crazy and were going to rape and kill her. If I could just get to my room I could lock the door and call the police. Okay, Katie, we have a plan. Don't fuck it up. "We only ask for shelter for the night and then you will be rid of us," Old Guy said to her. "What kind of lantern is this?" Katie turned her head to see that one of the kids was inspecting the lamp on the bookcase. "You're shitting me, right?" she said, momentarily distracted from her fear. The kid shook his head innocently. "What are you people, Amish? What the fuck kind of century are you living in that you don't know what a damn lightbulb is?" "A lady should not speak as such," Scruffy Number Two said - Katie had noticed his eyebrows steadily rising every time she swore. She glanced towards the stairs that led to her room and saw that Old Guy was standing in front of them. Okay, distract them until they move, then pull out the self-defense moves on Pretty-Boy. "Fuck that shit," she couldn't resist replying with, if only to see Scruffy Number Two's face contort a little more. She noticed Old Guy nod to Pretty-Boy who was still holding her arms behind her back and who had confiscated her hammer. The only things between Katie and her room were Pretty-Boy and Old Guy. "If I let you go, will you be civil?" Pretty-Boy asked from behind her. She scoffed. "Civil? You've got to be kidding me. You're going to talk to me about civility after you literally broke into my house? " "I give you my word that none of us will harm you," Scruffy Number One said, placing a hand on his heart and everything. Katie raised an eyebrow and gave him what Sara called her bitch face. He didn't back down. She sighed. "You let me keep my hammer and my phone on me and I'll hear you out," she lied. "Of course," Old Guy said. "Release her and give her back her hammer." As soon as Pretty-Boy's grip slackened, Katie stamped hard on his instep and threw her head back in a head-butt. He winced a little at it but all she did was make him change his grip on her so that he had one arm around her shoulders and the other hand on her tricep. Digging up memories from the self-defense class her friend's dad made the two girls take when they were thirteen, Katie dropped to a crouch, leaning forward a bit. To her complete and utter surprise, it actually worked and she managed to flip Pretty-Boy over and flat on his back. As soon as she was free, Katie made a mad dash for the staircase going up, but she barely had a foot on the first step when there was a sharp tug on her elbow and suddenly she was being restrained by Scruffy Number One. Pretty-Boy got to his feet and Katie was satisfied to see that she had made his nose bleed with that head-butt of hers. The rest of the chuckleheads wore expressions that varied between shock, anger, respect, and even outright laughter from Short and Beardy. "Let me go, I swear to god-" Katie said angrily, kicking at Scruffy Number One's shins and struggling against his grip. "She means us harm!" "She is only scared-" "She is no warrior, we are safe here-" "Excuse me," Katie said loudly, interrupting the chuckleheads and their arguing. " She is right here and all she wants is for the strange men to leave her house without hurting her." "We mean you no harm-" Scruffy Number Two repeated, but Katie interrupted him. "No! Stop that! You obviously do if you holding me captive! " "She does have a point there, lads," Short and Beardy said. "Can't we just talk this all over with some tea or something?" one of the kids suggested. The