A/N: So this is just me, getting rid of some Christmas feelings... Soundtrack: How do I tell a Girl I want to Kiss her - Modern Baseball Disclaimer: No Vamps in this one, characters belong to Stephenie Meyer Coming Home "Flight 328 to Rio de Janeiro is now ready to board. Passengers please take out your passports and wait in line", the rather brazen, impersonal sounding voice of a woman announced the next flight for those twisted minded people, who spent Christmas under the burning Brazilian sun and were now parading around the airport in nothing but shorts and Hawaiian shirts, causing a hustle and bustle to the desired terminal like there was a Black Friday sale waiting for them and Edward Cullen would have found it amusing, not to mention hilarious watching wives and children following fathers and other self-appointed travel guides like a bunch of ducklings a drake, if he'd been able to sit still for even a second. He was anxious. His knee was bouncing and he was tugging on his hair like a lifeline, making it even more of a mess than it usually was and sometimes, in between, he would let his hands fall down in his lap, staring at them with a furrowed brow, knowing that if she were here, she would pry them from his hair, telling him with a soft chuckle and a spark in her eyes that if he wanted a new hairstyle, he should just go to a stylist. He would laugh then, at himself, at his hand, the crumpled note it was holding, at the picture in his mind and the dry humor in her voice, that would always get him back to earth, grounding, pulling, holding him . He sprung to his feet for the fiftieth time in the past half hour, glancing at the destination board hanging over their hands, wishing for time to move faster, the plane to arrive earlier, for the numbers to just fucking move already , because doing a shitload of bloody nothing was just about to drive him into madness. As if he hadn't been there before. He cursed under his breath, a flood of expletives and a well-aimed kick to the next garbage can relieved some of his frustration, but then he noticed a little girl's rather horrified face complete with big blue eyes and he smiled contritely, a silent apology for having lost his mind so close to the holidays, knowing that if his she knew about it, she'd be after him with pitchforks. The girl suddenly smiled in response, showing dimples and a rather large tooth gap. "You're pretty", she lisped, tugging on the butterfly clip on the tip of her red pigtail. "Uh...ahm...Thank you?", he offered, tugging on his hair again. The exhaustion, the trembling hyperactivity due to the caffeine and sugar in his blood, keeping him running for about thirty hours now, were taking its toll and he felt like he'd been awake for years. She giggled. "Do you have a girlfriend?", she asked, blushing slightly and it reminded him so much of her, of her blush, her giggle, the way she'd look at him out of the corner of her eyes when she thought he wasn't looking at her and it made his insides split like it did every time he thought of her . "Something like that", he answered with a sad smile. The girl's face fell. "Oh", she said, clearly disappointed. "Is she pretty, too?" He chuckled, kneeling down to be face to face with her. "She's very pretty", he said, smiling softly. "Much like you, Papillon." The girl beamed. "And the thing is... she doesn't even know it." "But how?", she seemed confused, knitting her brow rather adorably. "If you're pretty, then you're pretty. How can't you know it?" He chuckled, shaking his head. "She's very stubborn", he told her. "Headstrong. She thinks she's nothing special." He laughed at the sheer absurdity of it. She'd always been a strange one. Only seeing, what she wanted to see when it came to herself, but so incredibly observant and understanding when it came to other people. "But she is, right?", the redheaded girl demanded to know, a fierce expression on her tiny face. "She's very special", he assured her, fighting the tiredness in his bones. The girl's face lit up. "Like a princess?", she asked, bouncing up and down, her braids flailing around her head. Edward laughed, thinking about her opinion concerning prom dresses, tiaras and everything she called the "Princess-syndrome extraordinaire". "It's pathological, Edward", she'd said, eying the dresses Alice had laid out for her for the dance with barely concealed disdain. They were all shiny and sparkling with too much lace and ruffles. "It's like they're living out some kind of childhood trauma, some media-induced conviction that every girl wants to be a princess at heart." She'd rolled her eyes, twirling strands of her honey brown hair between her fingers. "They either do that at prom or on their wedding day and the meaning of those dates gets totally lost, which is a tragedy in itself by the way. We're seventeen for fuck's sake. Shouldn't we look the part?" He'd agreed with her, mostly because he'd never had an opinion on prom dresses before, aside from how much cleavage they were showing and he still remembered his sister's fury when she'd shown up at the winter formal dance in a knee-length blue dress and black chucks, hiding a flask filled with Tequila in her bra. They'd shared the few sips of alcohol after they'd both abandoned their respective dates for the evening, sitting on the bleachers and staring into the black and blue winter sky, talking about college and life and whether or not Pepsi was the same thing as coke (she'd been arguing against it and when he'd called her out on it, she'd insisted that they'd never clarified that they were talking about beverages and that Pepsi was definitely not the same thing as cocaine). He still knew what she looked like in the blueish light of the floodlights. "Yeah...", he said, furrowing his brow. "Like a princess, but much better", he added and the expression in her eyes reminded him so much of his sister Alice. The excitement, the exuberance... The memory was bittersweet. "So she's smart, too?" , the redhead asked. "Very smart", he answered, running a hand tiredly through his hair, thinking of how she'd beat him at every test in school except for math even though she was a year younger than him. The girl nodded, her red braids bouncing. "Then you have to tell her", she said seriously, hands clasped around the small book she was carrying. " A Christmas Carol " it read on the cover and he thought that Dickens was rather strange reading material for a five year old girl. "Tell her what?", he asked a bit dumbfounded, the lack of sleep and his anxiety catching up with him. She rolled her eyes and it was a gesture, an expression so similar to his sister, to Alice , that he couldn't breathe for a moment. "That she's special, duh!" She shook her head like he was the world's greatest idiot. "She is", he insisted and it was so surreal, talking about her to the little, redheaded girl with those bright, strangely knowing eyes in the middle of an airport, while people were busy running around them, like they were in the eye of a storm. "Then what are you waiting for?", she asked, raising an eyebrow. "She's pretty, she's smart and she's special", she counted. "Not to mention that you love her", she added as an afterthought. He gaped at her. Blinked. Not trusting his eyes. Wondering if he'd had something stronger than coffee at some point or if five cups through the night were enough to cause hallucinations. "Oh, don't act so surprised", she chastised him, appearing way older than her physical five years of age. "You know it." He gulped. "Don't you have to go back to your family?", he asked uncomfortably. "Your Mom will worry about you." She laughed. "I don't have a Mommy", she announced. His eyes widened in sympathy. "I have two Daddys!", she cried out happily, bouncing up and down like she was the one with five cups of coffee in her system. "Kate!", a rather ruffled looking man with a messenger bag and a suitcase in hand called at that moment, shooting Edward wary looks while he reached out a hand for his daughter. Another man with short blonde hair was waiting for them with two other suitcases in hand, avidly reading the destination board. "Come on, honey. That's our flight", the man said and Kate nodded. "I have to go", she said, lips curved into a beatific smile. She pressed a hand against Edward's cheek and looked at him with those unnervingly knowing blue eyes. "Don't waste any more time, Edward", she whispered and it were the same words, delivered with the same expression like they were two years ago when his sister called him out on it and he wanted to cry out, to reach out for her, for that girl, who resembled her so much, but he was exhausted and tired and he saw colors and shades in strange places, flickering on the periphery of his vision, making him question his sanity and he could do naught, but whisper her name. " Alice ", he breathed, looking into the face, that resembled his sister so much. She just smiled, a wide, toothy smile. "She's waiting for you", she said before abruptly turning around, skipping over to where her father was waiting for her, leaving Edward in a droning state of emotional turmoil. "I made a new friend", he heard her say proudly over the rush of blood to his head. "His girlfriend is a princess." "That's wonderful, sweetheart", her father said with a smile in his voice. "What's his name?" He heard her jump, skip, bounce. "Oh, I don't know", she said happily. "He didn't tell me." Edward fell back into his chair in a daze, saw the numbers crawling slowly until his flight was finally announced. Alice had told him the same thing two years ago. Don't waste anymore time, Edward. She's waiting. She'd been Alice's best friend since the first day of primary school and a constant fixture in the Cullen household ever since then. They'd grown up together and she'd been like another younger sister, a good friend, the girl he'd sneak off with to steal cookies from the kitchen or play pranks on their neighbors or teachers, because she was just as adventurous as any boy their age and one hell a lot smarter. She'd been there until one day she wasn't. He walked through the terminal, not knowing where his feet where leading him, because he had only one goal in mind, had had it ever since he'd found the note in Alice's old yearbook and it was like it was burned into his body, etched into every cell, every bone, muscle and vein and he just wanted to see her . He just had to. The boarding passed in droning silence and he saw the blonde stewardess smiling at him, reminding him of his ex-girlfriend from High School and he knew on a rational level that she was flirting with him, but he just couldn't bring up the energy to care. "Coffee", he managed to get out, falling into his seat by the window. "Just coffee, please." The blonde woman disappeared. Edward folded himself into the seat, his legs and arms too long to fit properly, putting in his earphones just to have an excuse to avoid conversation, while the plane began rolling, faster and foster until it left earth, severed the connection, defied gravity and disappeared between the clouds. Freedom. Growing up with her, it didn't escape his notice that she'd developed a bit of a