Go with the Flow Summary: Being reincarnated was a surprise and her new life wasn't the most ease to have or normal, but she would do what she did best; go with the flow and see where it would take her. SI. Just a warning: SI, OC-Insert, OC-Centric, OC-is-FemPercy, AU, Violence, Language, Clichés Just so you know (Story): A friend of mine helped me write this, so the narration is a little different from my other two stories. Another thing! Take a look into Princess of the Sea by AriesOrion! I really liked that story and it was what inspired me to write my own self-insert! Just so you know (Name): The name Rhea (or the variants Rheia and Reah) means "ease, flow". And the name Thalassa means "Sea" (In mythology, this is the name of a daughter of Alther and Hemera and she was a feminine personification of the Mediterranean Sea). So, the main character name is Rhea Thalassa Jackson. Arc I – The Daughter of the Sea Normality " Normal? What's normal? To only do what the masses do? And what is the benefit of that? Where is the problem in adopting a custom that is 'abnormal' if it has no negative effect on the world at large?" - Yuuko Ichihara, xxxHolic The first thing Rhea (Called Daniella in another life) does when she understands what had happened to her is sigh. Then she acts like the baby she is at the moment. Maybe her reaction to the fact that she had just wake up to find herself in the body of a newborn baby should have been different; after all, the reaction of a normal person would be different. But she had never been a normal person nor did she want to be one. To her, there was no such thing as normal. Normal made life boring. And it was her life and she would do what she wanted with it and she would act the way she wanted. Speaking of what she wanted in her life. In the moment, what she wanted was for something to happen in her new life. After just a few weeks, she decided that a baby is boring and Rhea is tired of doing the same thing over and over again, though she does have fun making her knew mother laugh or smile. She never had the opportunity to be close to her mother in her other life since the woman loved her job more than her family. Rhea was happy to have a mother around. But sometimes, she just wished to have a father around or to know where he was. She missed having a father and all the thoughts that came to her mind to explain what happened to him wasn't all that good. Had he died like her other father? Had he left them? Was he ignoring her since he didn't want a child? With those thoughts, Rhea sighs and do what she always do when she wants to forget her problems; she yawn, laying back while waiting for something to happen or for someone to come and tell her the true. She really wants to have a father, but Rhea is a patient girl and would wait for the right time to see him. There's nothing she can do about it. She is weird like that. Rhea sighs before yawning – a action really familiar to her – and blinking her eyes a few times, raising her little and delicate head when she notice that someone is standing in front of her grip. The man, who has a powerful and inhumane aura flowing in waves from his body, is a completely strange, but Rhea just stares with curiosity. For some strange reason, she just knows he wasn't going to hurt her. He stares back with a funny expression in his face as if he had never seen a baby girl in his life. Rhea giggles at this thought and a smile appears in the man face. He takes her in his arms, and Rhea is shocked when tears spring from her eyes as she looks in the man's eyes (Unique and beautiful sea green eyes). She never saw this man in her new life, but she knows that he's important to her. As the man starts to get panicked (maybe because of the tears), Rhea raises her chubby hand to touch his face. She is disappointed when her little hand ends touching his hair instead, but Rhea just decides to use it in her favor. She grabs his hair and pulls it a little. The message is clear and by the amusement in his eyes, the man understood what she wanted. He tilts his head forward, their noses almost touching. Rhea looks straight in his eyes. She had learned the importance of eye contact from a distant cousin who was an attorney and knew if she wanted to be taken serious it was the only way. The man gaze doesn't waver as Rhea search for something in his eyes. She's pleased when the man smiles as if impressed with her attitude. She hadn't thought someone could take a baby serious, but it was clear that this man wasn't normal; that he was above anything mortal – is the word her mind gives her –. The man keeps her close, as they stare at each other. Who're you? Why do I feel like I should know you? Why I'm so happy to see you? Rhea asks while trying to not blink. "Poseidon!" The man hugs her close as if afraid that she would be taken from him and Rhea chuckles at the strange name. But who was her to talk? Her name too was strange. Rhea Thalassa Jackson. Rhea likes her name, but she could do without the Thalassa part. It is too much like the name of her self-proclaimed nemesis in Middle School (Thamires, Thamara, Thalita… It was Tha something). That girl had been a bully. She was always stealing Rhea's possessions, destroying her homework and sketch-book or creating rumors about Rhea who was too lazy to even retaliate and could care less about what others thought about her. Though, sometimes, Rhea did prank the girl one time or another (Like the time she watched the movie Big Fate Liar and decided to make the girl blue. That was a memorable day, when the bully of the school was seen running around looking like a Smurf ). Rhea may be lazy – and a little apathetic sometimes –, but she does know how to joke (And plan her revenges). "Ah… So you're here…" She hears her mother muttering. He turns around and Rhea blinks her eyes at her mother who is playing with her beaded bracelet. It is a nervous habit that Sally has. Her new mother wasn't the most social person you would find (maybe because Rhea was the only she could talk to) and, sometimes, when a neighbor would come to see if they needed something, she would do this same action as they talked. By the poor condition of the bracelet, Rhea knows that Poseidon and her mother had been talking for a long time before the man found her room. She pouts. It was too bad since it meant would never know what they had talked about. Though it couldn't be good or her mother wouldn't be looking like someone had killed her puppy. Rhea knew that she was being insensitive and a little cruel and that in the moment she needed to worry and asks herself why Sally would be in that state. But she couldn't because it would mean that she needed to get angry with Poseidon and Rhea didn't want to be angry with him. Though, for some strange reason, she doubted she could get angry with him. "Sally…" Rhea tilts her head in contentment. His voice had a deep baritone sound on it; she always liked this type voice. Sally takes a look at Rhea who seems to be really comfortable in the man arms and approach the two before taking her daughter from Poseidon who didn't look happy with the action. Rhea blinks her eyes in alarm as she feels her mother taking her away from Poseidon. A panicked cry left Rhea's lips and she shakes her head, stretching her little hands towards Poseidon. She didn't want to be away from him yet. He seems shocked for a second before a big smile makes it way to his face. He stretches his arms and Sally, a little hesitant - and hurt if the glint in her eyes was any indication -, returns Rhea to him. Rhea feels a little guilt for hurting her loving mother, but it hurt to be away from Poseidon. "A daughter." He whispers. Rhea looks at him as she feels eyes in her head. She blinks her eyes in surprise when she sees nothing more than longing and love in those sea-green eyes (there was too a glint of something else there, but she didn't know what it was). A daughter. Was what he said. Even if she wasn't a genius (which she is), Rhea knew that anyone could collect the pieces of the puzzle and solve this little mystery of who that man truly was with just those simple words. My father… Rhea doesn't listen when they start to talk as she decides to think about the last time she had a father. She was just four years old when she saw her first father for the last time, a little before he died protecting the youngest son of the woman – Mrs. Mason was her name – who lived in the house in front of theirs. His death had been what ruined the already frail relationship she had with her mother. Before that, her mother had tried to be, well, a mother . Butthe woman blamed Rhea for his death and decided to bury herself in paperwork. How Rhea was to blame for her father famous hero complex (famous in their neighborhood), she didn't know. "You're a God, Poseidon, I –" She hears Sally saying and don't even try to hear the rest. Rhea blinks her eyes at this and looks at Poseidon with awe. He being a good explained the power coming from his body, his ancient eyes, his name and her name. Wasn't Rhea the name of his mother? Internally, Rhea is laughing like a madwoman. She had always been a Luna Lovegood in the aspect of believing in things that made others look at her like she was crazy (though the look in her eyes and, sometimes, dreaming voice contributed in the comparison). Believing in mythology was one of those things and now she had proof that she had been right all along. She would have so much fun if she saw any of her friends and old classmates. Rhea always wanted to say 'I told you' in the face of all those who laughed at her. Rhea frowns as another thought come to her mind. If her father was a God, didn't it mean that she was a Demigod? Wasn't the Demigods the ones that always encountered themselves in the most unbelievable and impossible situations? She smiles before looking at hew newly discovered father. This new life suits Rhea just fine, she thinks after a second. She just needed to do what she always did; go with the flow and see where it would take her. If she found herself in need to adapt, than she would. She had done it multiple times before when her mother decided to travel the world and left alone. "– can't go to Atlantis with you." Rhea just wants to squeal like a fan-girl and scream "Oh my god, Atlantis is real!" , but then she understands what her mother had just said and bow her head a little dejected before looking at Sally with a calculative glint in her eyes. It