This is just a one-shot that I wanted to get out of my head. I love Rosalie and Emmett together, and I just wanted to write a story about their life as humans. It's going to be from Rosalie's POV and probably a little on the longer side. Enjoy and please review! 5 years old "My name is Rosalie. I am 5 years old. I like the color red. My favorite animal is a bear." "Thank you, Rosalie. You may sit down now," the teacher told me. I smiled and straightened out my pretty dress as I sat down. Mommy bought me a red dress for my first day of school, and she fixed my hair in a ponytail before I left this morning. I was a little nervous, but I met a girl named Alice who is nice. We are going to play together at recess. The next boy stood up to introduce himself. He had curly, brown hair and big dimples. Mommy tells me that boys with dimples are the ones that girls flock to when they get older. I don't know why though. Boys are gross and have cooties. "Hi, I'm Emmett. I am 5, too. My favorite color is green, and I like lions." Emmett sat down after he finished talking. Well he tried to. He completely missed his chair and fell into the floor. We all started laughing, and Emmett blushed bright red. Then he stood up and took a bow. It was funny, but we all got in trouble for laughing. Alice was next, and she stood up. "My name is Alice Marie Brandon. I am 5 years old. My favorite color is pink. But the pink in the dress I am wearing, not those ugly, bright shades of pink. My favorite animal is a cat." Alice liked having some attention on her, I think. She is really energetic, but I think she's nice. After everyone else introduced themselves, we got to go play at recess. Alice and I went over to the swings and began swinging. We didn't want to get dirty, so we decided that swinging would be best. The boys in the class were all running around and playing ball. Emmett fell over and got dirt all over the jeans he was wearing. He saw me and Alice watching him, so he walked over to us. "Hey. Why don't y'all come play with us?" Emmett asked. Alice and I laughed. "Because boys have cooties, and we don't want to get dirty. Duh," Alice told him. "I don't have any cooties! And I'll show you," Emmett yelled as he grabbed me and kissed me on the cheek. I screamed and pushed him off of me, "Why did you do that? Don't do that!" Alice and Emmett laughed as I tried to scrub my face off. We got called back inside before long, and Emmett told everyone that he kissed me on the cheek. That's when I decided that Emmett was so annoying. 10 years old "Rosalie, come on! Let's go!" Alice yelled from the road. Alice and Bella, the new girl, were waiting on me so we could go ride our bikes. Bella moved here last year, and she is pretty cool. She's really shy though, so she doesn't talk much. I became friends with Bella when she punched Mike Newton for being mean. He was picking on Alice, and before I could get there to help, she just punched him. It was great. "I'm coming!" I yelled back as I grabbed my red bike helmet. I didn't bother telling my parents. They probably wouldn't even notice that I was gone because they fight so much now. Alice and Bella let me stay with them a lot so that I don't have to listen to my parents screaming. I jumped on my bike, and the three of us took off down the road. We live close to each other, so our parents don't worry about us being out on our own. We live in a little town anyway where everyone knows each other. We rode our bikes over to the park and got off to hang out for a while. "Bella, can I stay with you tonight?" I asked quietly as Alice fought with her bike lock. Bella looked over at me, worried, "Sure thing, Rosalie. Are they fighting again?" "Yeah. I don't want Alice to know. You know how worried and upset she gets about it. I just don't want to be home with them tonight," I whispered. Bella nodded as Alice walked over, and I knew that she wouldn't mention anything. Bella's dad is really great, and he won't mind me staying over tonight. Alice sat down and started talking about the newest fashions and fall colors. That girl is obsessed with fashion. I like it, but not to the extent that Alice does. And poor Bella couldn't care less about fashion. Out of nowhere, I felt something hit me in the back of the head. I turned around to find Emmett running towards me. "What the heck was that for?" I yelled. "I'm so sorry! We were playing ball, and I missed it. Are you okay, Rose?" Emmett asked when he got over to me. I could feel a bump on the back of my head, "No, I'm not okay. I'm going to have a huge bump! And my name isn't Rose. It's Rosalie." Emmett apologized again before quietly getting his ball and running off. I turned back around and rubbed the bump on my head. "Maybe you shouldn't be so hard on him, Rosalie. He didn't do it on purpose," Bella said quietly. "I know. But he is so clumsy. He does stuff like this all the time," I told her. Alice laughed and poked me, "He just likes you, Rosalie." I pretended to gag, and we all laughed. Boys are such dorks sometimes. 16 years old "Happy birthday, Rosalie!" I squealed when I walked into the room and everyone jumped out to surprise me. I turned around to Alice who was smiling, "You little pixie! Who planned this?" Alice laughed, "Me and Bella might have done most of it." I grabbed Alice into a hug and then walked over to hug Bella. All of their friends were here. Alice and Bella had decorated Alice's pool house in streamers and lights. It was so great. "Happy birthday, baby." I smiled as I felt strong arms wrap around my waist, and I leaned back into the arms of my boyfriend, Royce. I turned around and stretched up to kiss him. "Thank you." Alice quickly came over and took my hand to pull me away from Royce, "Rosalie, you can't just hang out with your boyfriend all night." I laughed and followed her through the pool house. I turned around for a moment to throw a smile at Royce, but he wasn't standing there anymore. I shrugged it off, and started thanking everyone for coming. I brushed off how awful this morning was with my parents, and decided to focus on this moment. We danced and partied for a couple hours before I realized that I hadn't seen Royce since we shared one dance together. I walked outside to find him and saw his car parked way off, near the woods. I started in that direction to see what he could possibly be doing so far away from everything. When I reached his car, I noticed the fogged over windows and could hear a girl's laugh inside. I threw open the door to find a very naked Royce and Jessica. I slammed the door closed on them and ran back towards the pool house. I knew I couldn't go in with tears running down my face, so I walked down the side of the road towards the park. I heard a car pulling up beside me and slowing down. The sun went down hours ago, so I know it was someone from the party. Everyone else in this little town would be asleep by now . Please not Royce. Anyone but Royce . I glanced over to see Emmett in his car with the window rolled in, "Come on, Rose. Get in." I got into his car and we drove to the park. Emmett got out and walked over to open the car door for me. When I got out, he put his arm around me, and we went to sit under the big tree in the middle of the park. As soon as we sat down, I felt Emmett wrap his arms around my shoulders. I laid my head on his chest and let the tears consume me. "He cheated on me, Em. He cheated," I whispered. Emmett had tried to warn me about Royce when I first started dating him, but I refused to listen. "You can say it. You were right." Emmett shushed me and rubbed my back, "I hate that I was right, Rose. I'm sorry about him. It's his loss, you know. Any guy is still as hell to cheat on someone like you." I closed my eyes and sighed, "It's me. I'm not worth anything." Emmett grabbed my shoulders and looked me in the eye, "Don't ever say that, Rosalie Hale. You are amazing. Are you really crying about Royce? Or is it your parents again?" Emmett ended in a whisper. Emmett and I really started hanging out about a year ago. He had slowly become my closest friend. While Alice and Bella knew about the fighting between my parents, Emmett is the only one that really knew what was going on. They weren't just fighting with each other anymore. Now they blame me for their unhappiness. I closed my eyes and turned away from Emmett, "It's more my parents, I guess. I knew it wouldn't last forever with Royce. They didn't even tell me happy birthday, Em." "I'm so sorry, Rose," Emmett said softly. We talked for another hour before he decided that we needed to go back. I was staying at Alice's house tonight with her and Bella, so he just dropped me off at her house. Emmett grabbed my hand as I went to get out of his car. I turned back towards him, and Emmett placed his hand on the back of my neck to pull me closer to him. I closed my eyes for a moment from how good his touch felt, and that's when he pressed his lips against mine. It was very light and brief. I slowly opened my eyes to see his crooked smile and dimples. "Happy birthday, Rosalie," he whispered as I got out of the car. 18 years old "Damn it, Rose. Hurry up!" Emmett bellowed from downstairs. I put the last pin in my hair and spun in a circle to admire my work. We were on our way to senior prom. Alice and Bella are already there, but they went to a different school with their dates, Jasper and Edward. Their prom was an hour earlier. I was wearing a red mermaid dress that I knew hugged all of my curves perfectly. Emmett would flip when he saw me in this, which is what I was hoping for. I was planning on giving him all of me tonight. I know that's cliché, but it just felt right with Emmett. We had been together ever since he kissed me the night of my sixteenth birthday. "I'm coming, Emmet! Just chill out," I said as I walked down the stairs. Emmett's jaw fell as he saw me, and he quickly got a smirk on his face, "Maybe we could just stay here." I laughed and hit his shoulder as I got to the bottom of the stairs, "No chance, babe. Let's go." Emmett and I went to dinner before the dance, and had a great time. We always have fun together. He took me to a nice little Italian place. We got to prom