"HEY, HELLS BELLS!" Seth's booming voice called from the hallway. "GOD DAMNIT, SETH!" I harshly yanked the door open to see him standing barely six inches from my door. "Ya know I'm not deaf right?" he smiles brightly. "I know B but I was kinda hoping that we could go cliff diving tonight!" He jumped up and down like a four year old girl who just found out she was going to Disney world. I couldn't help but smile, night diving was my favorite thing! "HELL YEAH, WE CAN!" If it wasn't impossible I could swear his smile got brighter. "Okay, here's the plan," I stage whispered, Paul was standing at the end of the hallway with a small smile, "I'll fix dinner while y'all run a thorough patrol and leave it on the table while run to the store to get supplies and meet you at the cliffs." "Thanks, Bella!" he smiled at me but it was a sad smile and I knew I had them worried. "PAUL!" he saluted Seth from the end of the hall. "Lets got this show on the road." They both sent a smirk my way before turning the corner, and running out the door. I threw my head back in laughter as I walk towards the kitchen trying to decide what would be for dinner. I stood over looking the La Push cliffs at sunset. It was so beautiful, words couldn't describe it. The colors were so bright and true, no artist could ever perfectly replicate them and the tall waves crashing against the cliff were so abrupt and frequent a photographer would only hope to catch one at its peak if he took continuous photos. When I first came to the Forks and La Push area I couldn't see the beauty of it, but now I loved the alien greens and browns of the forest, I love dancing in the rain, I love the overcasts days that make the colors brighter and the light softer, I wouldn't want it any other way. I couldn't help but hope that I would never have to leave. Even as the thought ran threw my head I knew I couldn't be sure. Right now I wasn't sure if I was aging or not or if my change would progress. I knew that the only reason I was here currently was because of my connection to Jake, Paul, Sam, and Seth, the newer wolves were wary of me. I had a few new wolf friends but not many, they got shaky with me around and it didn't do any good for their control. I didn't know how much longer I would be in good graces with the wolves or how much longer I cold stay if I wasn't aging. I had tried to leave two years ago when I came to the conclusion that I was causing the phasing of the new wolves, but Seth, Paul, Sam, Jake, Embry, Quil, Jared, Kim, Emily, and Reece would have none of it. I took a deep breath of the salty ocean air that was lased with the scent of fresh rain, held it for a few seconds and exhaled, in hope of calming myself. I had this awful and ominous feeling of apprehension these past few days and meditation was doing nothing for me. I took another step closer to the edge of the cliff, letting the sea air billow through my hair before I pulled it into a tight ponytail as the sun sank lower no the horizon. I sat down and threw my legs over the edge of the cliff at a human pace, letting them dangle in the air and swinging them back and forth allowing my heel to hit the cliff before bouncing off again. I glanced over my shoulder at the bag I bought from Newton's. Glow sticks and glow-in-the-dark water proof paint, I started the night diving tradition a few years ago before life got crazy, at that time it was just me, Jake, Sam, Paul, Jared, Seth, and Leah, although Leah only came once or twice because as Fronk say "Every party has a pooper, that's why we invited you!" Originally, I brought the glow sticks and the paint because my sense weren't heightened enough to sense the guys and Leah when we were out and the almost always gave me little heart attacks. Even though I didn't need it now it was still fun to paint each other and be able to see their outlines under the water. I heard a twig snap and jumped up turning around in the air to see Jacob emerging from the forest as the last rays of light left the sky. On my descent I lost my footing, even being a part vampire I could still trip and still be Bella, go figure. I saw Jacob's face fill with concern and panic as I slipped over the edge of the cliff, falling towards the water I tried to get my body turned so the impact would be as smooth as possible, but to no avail, just before my back hit the water I saw a wolf jump from the side after me and shift to human mid-air. I sank deep into the water and began to swim up when I heard another body impact with the water, when I surface I saw Jared surface too. "HEY, DUMBO!" his head snapped in my direction. "I'm part vampire, remember, nearly invincible?" I questioned in a softer voice. He started to swim towards me, "Thank God you're okay! And yes, I know you're part vampire but I cant help but remember that girl I saw through Sam's in the forest every time you're in trouble. I know that's not you anymore but I still worry." "You realize I can kick your ass in a fight, right?" I shook my head at him as we started to swim towards shore. "Trust me, I know. I just can't help it, okay. You're like a baby sister, I'll always worry about you." he looked at me with concern. He was right and I couldn't blame him. That first week after they left had done horrors to me, I lost ten pounds because I stopped eating and continued to loose weight for a few months because I just didn't have an appetite, but at least I pulled my head out of my ass after a week and started being human again for Charlie. "I know , and I get it. Its just like how you'll always be my idiotic older brother." I teased but kept my voice serious, he was worse that Quil and Embry put together. Okay, he wasn't that bad. I knew better than to look over to him as we got out of the water, knowing he would be buck-ass naked. Despite having an imprint, Jared hadn't quit phasing, he and Kim just weren't ready to start a family yet. "Race ya to the top!" I took off running at full speed knowing that he would never catch me. It was around midnight when we started to head back to the Rez, I had pick up the bag and started a run around the boarder one last time before I went home. Paul and I both thought everyone deserved a night off, but decided to do one last run. I pick up a faint vampire scent blowing in from Forks, it smelled like lavender, like Alice. I hissed to Paul, "Cullen" and took off for the border as he let out a sharp howl and followed on my heels. She was at the border two hundred feet inside the tree line at the road leading from Forks. Looking as perfect as ever, not that I really expected her to look any different but its still been six years. I stood in the shadows as did Paul until we had back up. Once Jared, Seth, Kate, Colin, Brady, Embry, Quil, Max, Sarah, and Alex were as wolf and Paul and I as humans we emerged. Alice's eyes swept over the growing pack before meeting mine, "Bella?" she stuttered. "I didn't know vampires could stutter!" okay, so I was kind of a sarcastic bitch now. I wasn't always a sarcastic bitch but if I had an opportunity I wouldn't miss it. The look on her face made it worth it. That's right bitch I'm not the Bella you remembered. "Bella? What happen to you?" ugh. As if she didn't know. The only Cullens I actually might like now are Jasper and Emmett. Maybe. "You're family did. And don't act like you don't know what I'm talking about., I know that you know what that bastard brother of yours did to me. Now, what do you want, Alice ?" I sneered her name. I can't believe she would come here and ask for something from me. She abandoned me, not okay. "Well, I was in the living room with the family when I had a vision. I saw someone see you fall off a cliff and I never saw you resurface. Edward saw it and thought that you were dead and went to the Volturi to beg for death and I know we don't deserve it but you are the only one that can save him because he will know if one of the family goes." She pleaded. God, damn it! Esme doesn't deserve to lose another child, she'll be devastated. "God damn it, Alice! Why do I always have to save y'alls' asses. Esme doesn't deserve to loose another son!" I don't particularly like Esme anymore but no one deserves to loose a child especially when you've lost one before. "Paul?" I called out to the alpha. He was not going to be happy. "Yeah, Bells?" I could hear it in his voice, he knew I was going to have to go. "You know I gotta go, right?" The look on his face was one of pure despair. I had meet nomads over the years that warned me of the Volturi, and I told the pack. They knew what this meant. "Yeah, B, I do." He was solemn as he looked at his bare feet. "But I need you to come back, okay? I mean if you have to be one of them just don't loose yourself. I like the new you," his eyes begged my safe return or at least the survival of my personality. "I would feel better if you let me come with you though." He knew that that wasn't possible. I shook my head at him. If I didn't survive this, I don't know what would happen to Paul. "You're Alpha, I can't take you away from the pack. Please, Paul. I'm sorry, don't do this to yourself." I could see him trying to close him self off again. His eyes filled with tears, Paul was broken just as I was. I hated doing this to him but it was very unlikely that I would ever return. He began to strip to shift into wolf form, tears filled my own eyes at this point, I knew what he was doing. He shifted back to look me in the eyes, "Its already been decided." I burst out in tears. I was really scared now. He had given up my position as Luna, I had assigned Kate to the job she was my second in female pack hierarchy , Paul would always be my true second. My best friend was doing this so I could go. I knew that losing me would be the last straw and I never expected he would do it so easily. "I can't loose you Bella." He pleaded again, I nodded in return. I stepped up to each wolf, fiercely looking them in the eye hoping they understood what I couldn't say out loud, 'I'm sorry, I didn't want this to happen.' Each wolf responded by laying their forehead against mine and looking me