Friends of the Night Summary : Glorfindel finds Erestor asleep by his desk late at night. He decides to become a nightly friend, and before they know it, something is changing between them. Non-slash. Pairing/s : None. Warnings : None (except for the fact I barely know anything about Glorfindel and Erestor, have mercy on me). Disclaimers : I don't own LotR and make no money on writing fanfiction. -o- Rewritten April 2014. -o- Glorfindel yawned as he walked through the dark and deserted halls of Rivendell. It wasn't often he was this tired but he had just returned from a five-day patrol during which he hadn't slept much. Now he was longing for his soft bed, and a long, uninterrupted sleep. As he was closing in on a door he noticed the light still on inside. Glorfindel stopped and blinked. He looked closer at the door and realized it was the door to Erestor's office. The blond elf frowned; it was well-known that he and Elrond's advisor only crossed paths when they absolutely had to. They rarely entered the same room otherwise. Elrond sometimes ordered them, but often it didn't help. They just rubbed each other the wrong way. However, it was two in the morning and not even Erestor should be awake at this hour, much less working. Prepared for a harsh scolding by a rather intimidating albeit small elf, Glorfindel carefully pushed the door open. What met him was not quite what he had been expecting. Erestor was fast asleep at the desk. Glorfindel walked inside. It appeared as if the smaller elf had only laid his head down to rest for a few minutes. Parchments and book lay strewn over the desk, covering every available surface. Erestor's fingertips were dark with ink. Bending down a bit, Glorfindel peered at Erestor's face. Even in sleep, the elf appeared exhausted and his eyes were closed. The blond elf carefully put away the ink and quills, not daring to touch the papers and then slowly lifted Erestor up. The black-haired elf didn't as much as twitch. Glorfindel was amazed; the advisor was always so hostile and hated to be touched without warning but here none of that showed. Instead his head fell back to Glorfindel's chest with a gentle thump. Glorfindel froze but Erestor remained asleep. "Dear Valar, what am I doing?" he muttered but shifted Erestor so he could hold the smaller elf more comfortably. Blowing out the candles, for he had no wish for them to cause a fire and make him loose his head to an enraged advisor, Glorfindel then moved out of the room and took the closest path to Erestor's bedroom. It was strange to have Erestor in his arms, especially as the small elf had curled up, snuggled into his shoulder and actually grabbed onto Glorfindel's tunic. The Balrog slayer felt he was rather calm despite the situation, and soon the tension began to ebb away. He didn't meet anyone on the way and for that he was glad. Erestor would surely have woken up by that and Glorfindel would then fear for his life. The smaller elf would not appreciate being carried around, and he was the sort of elf one never messed with no matter who you were. Glorfindel had seen the consequences. He did not want to see said consequences happen to him. Getting to Erestor's bedroom, Glorfindel worked the door open with his elbow and quietly stepped inside. The covers were in place but he spotted a few thick comforters that he could cover Erestor in instead of starting to try get him underneath the blankets. He placed Erestor on the bed, freed his tunic from the advisor's surprisingly strong grasp, and then removed the man's boots. With the comforters over himself, Erestor curled up a bit. Glorfindel stepped back with hands raised, ready to run for it if the advisor woke up. But looking at him the blond thought it unlikely. Erestor looked over-worked, dark rings under his eyes and skin paler than normal. Glorfindel could tell Elrond, just drop a small comment about his appearance but knew it was fruitless; Erestor did whatever he wanted and not even Elrond dared to complain. So instead he left in search for his own bed and sleep. -o- Elrond found Erestor sitting up in his bed, looking disoriented and tousled hair. The lord walked up to his advisor and said: "Mellon-nin, are you feeling quite alright?" "Hmm?" Erestor looked up. He blinked. "Oh, my lord… yes, I'm fine. I just don't remember walking to my room." "Erestor… were you staying up late again?" "I was just finishing up some papers…" "Please Erestor. You're always finishing some papers. Now, up with you. You've missed breakfast and a half-hour of our morning meeting but I forgive you for that. I've made sure some breakfast is taken to your office." Looking bewildered at the fact he had overslept, Erestor obeyed Elrond's command without complaining. "Well, that's a first," Elrond muttered, too amused to feel any sort of anger. -o- Glorfindel sighed. This habit of theirs wasn't getting any better. He stepped into Erestor's office, having seen the light spill out and once more finding the smaller elf at the desk. This time he was sitting up, his head slumped over his knees. Glorfindel blew out the candles and gently started to move Erestor who moaned and opened his eyes to a slit. "Go back to sleep," Glorfindel said in a low, soothing voice. "You're up way too late, you know that?" "Have to finish… the papers…" "Let me ask you something, are they endless or what? Because honestly, they never seen to vanish. Do they just keep coming and you don't know how to stop it?" "Something like that," Erestor muttered, half-asleep as he let his head fall down onto Glorfindel's shoulder. "Mmm… warm." "Oh, I am so glad you aren't really awake right now and know who I am," the blond said. "I don't fancy being beheaded." "Who's being beheaded?" "No one if I have any say in it!" Glorfindel carried Erestor back to his bedroom and this time he made an effort and pulled the covers down. Erestor was staring at him sleepily, one arm around his neck. Glorfindel decided that, just in case, he would go on patrol the whole following day in case he had to escape the wrath of the small advisor. He helped Erestor to lay down. Erestor stared up at him. "Glorfindel," the advisor suddenly said. "How…?" "Blond mop. Recognize it anywhere." "Did you just refer to my hair as a mop ? A mop , Erestor, really?" "Glorfindel." "What?" "… Thank you." Too shocked to answer, Glorfindel could only watch as Erestor rolled over and fell asleep. -o- The Balrog slayer would deny that he fled the following morning, very early, before dawn had truly arrived, because of the fear of having Erestor lurking around. He really didn't want to find out just how good Erestor was at hitting people. Erestor wasn't good at fighting, but he was apparently very good at improvising. Glorfindel had heard of an incident involving a book, and if it was any of the heavy tomes the advisor dragged around he could only imagine how much it would hurt. He patrolled the outskirts of Rivendell the whole day, returning only when the hour had grown late and the man were weary. Glorfindel had lit a torch to lead them on their way. If they put some effort in they could see perfectly fine but perhaps he had driven them too hard for the last few days. Most of them weren't really focusing anymore. Elrond greeted them at the stables. Glorfindel was surprised to see the lord awake and waiting for them. "My lord, there was no need for you to stay up for our sake." "I was just making sure," Elrond replied, a rather strange glint in his eyes. Glorfindel didn't like that glint. "Making sure of what, exactly?" he asked suspiciously. "Oh, you will know." Will know what? Glorfindel didn't like that at all but before he could gather his thoughts, Elrond was already gone. Once the horses were comfortable Glorfindel had a small debate in his head. Should he go the same way as he always did or use another route to his rooms? In the end he decided for the normal way, and groaned once he saw the light underneath the door to Erestor's study. When was that blasted midget-elf going to learn when to go to bed?! Glorfindel eased the door open and peeked inside. Erestor was fully awake, scribbling away at a parchment. Glorfindel made a move to back away when the black-haired elf looked up. His sharp eyes met Glorfindel's. "Glorfindel," he said. "What brings you here at this time of day?" "I… just saw the light. Erestor. It's not day, it's more night now." "I'm perfectly aware what time it is," Erestor replied. "Lord Elrond is only too happy to remind me of my rather poor habits. I was just finishing some reports." "You always have reports to finish," the warrior muttered. "Pardon? Did you say something?" "Nothing, nothing at all! I wish you a good night." Erestor nodded after a bit and Glorfindel fled. -o- In the morning, far too early for Glorfindel after the late night but he had training with some of the younger elves and he wanted to get some breakfast before that. He walked past Erestor's bedroom. Something made him stop and turn back. He opened the door, expecting to see the smaller elf asleep. Only he didn't. There was no one there and the bed was still made. As it was barely five in the morning he doubted the scholar was up already. Maybe he… no, impossible. He just had some reports to finish. Glorfindel then remembered something Elrond said, and which he thought was exaggerated: " Erestor has bad habits. One of them is staying up all nights for reports that aren't even urgent." The blond elf tapped his chin, made up his mind and steered his way to Erestor's study. Like last night, he peeked inside. He groaned. "You're impossible, midget!" he muttered. Erestor was clearly asleep, face scrunched up in a frown and head bent uncomfortably. He wasn't even using the table for a pillow. Instead he was sitting up with his legs curled against his chest. He was slightly shivering in the cool morning air because of course some of the windows were open. Glorfindel knew very well that elves usually didn't feel the cold but Erestor was simply Erestor. He never could do anything the normal way. Not even go to sleep in a normal way, that was becoming apparent. Why did he even have a bed? Or a bedroom for that matter? Of course Erestor chose to wake up when Glorfindel began to move him. He looked up with wide eyes at Glorfindel. "You… I thought you'd be… more comfortable in your bed. So I was going to… assist you. And then inform lord Elrond that you might need a few hours rest. In a bed. Not in a chair." Erestor's eyes slowly narrowed. Glorfindel tried not to let the fear show on his face. He glanced at the desk. Yes, there were several books the smaller elf could use as a weapon. He felt ridiculous but prepared to bolt away. "You've helped me before." It wasn't a question. Glorfindel would have preferred it sounding more like a question. However, despite the slight slur in Erestor's speech there was no doubt the elf knew what he was talking about. Glorfindel sent a quick prayer to someone, anyone and then answered: "Yes." Erestor now looked at him more closely and Glorfindel tried not to run away. He was not going to be frightened… or rather, he wasn't going to show this little scholar that he was frightened. He had fought a Balrog,