Watcher of the Woods Summary : What if Merry did fall off from Treebeard during the take-over of Orthanc? He was not washed into a hole underground but rather to a creature not seen by anyone for thousands of years… a true watcher of all woods in Middle-Earth. Pairing/s : None. Warnings : Blood, some violence. Think that's all. Disclaimers : I don't own LotR. Belongs to Professor J.R.R Tolkien. Follows the movie… for a little bit anyway. Also, I have made up some changes that fit my story. What do you call it now again when it's a bit different from normal? AU? Last note; don't kill me because of this one-shot! This one just got into my head and demanded to be written out! So if you don't like it, don't bother saying anything about it, just hit the back-button! Agreed? Yes, good. On with the story. - "Hang on, little Hobbits!" The powerful wave of water hit Treebeard's dangly body and he leaned forward to ease the impact up. The water was everywhere, surrounding them, drowning their enemies. Other Ents dug their roots into the ground, holding fast against the powerful stream of the wild river. Distant screams from Orcs were heard but neither Hobbit cared for the sounds. Merry had a slight dislike for water, as he had for heights. All in all, he was a rather normal Hobbit with normal fears. He had never liked being in the water for too long, hence the reason why his mother always said he looked dirty. Washing his hands, fine. He could do that for a long time if she wished. Clean his hair? Fine too, if he just could stick his head into a bowl and clean it that way. Sit down in the water … not fine. That was just plain scary. So he was not enjoying sitting high up in the air and having water underneath him. One wrong move and he would go straight down there. As if someone had heard him and decided to play a cruel joke on poor Merry, he saw Pippin loose his grip when a new wave came. His failing arms told Merry that Pippin might be even more scared of water than him at the moment and did the only thing that he could; he released his grip and with a push brought Pippin back to safety. Error with that move; now Merry had nothing to hold on to. Realizing that, Merry could do nothing but fall down. His impact with the water made Pippin scream. - There was no sense of up or down. All was swirling, making Merry moan in displeasure. He was wet, disoriented and extremely dizzy… and he most definitely did not recognize the place. This sucked. He slowly dragged himself up to what he hoped was a standing position, wondering just how far the water had taken him. He squinted his eyes, trying to will some of the dizziness away. It did not work that well. He slowly slid down and rested his head against the bark of the tree. It felt different from Fangorn… was this even Fangorn? He had no idea where he was. A soft rustling was heard behind him and Merry tried to turn around. He did not want to end up in enemies' hands. Soft hands held his body still and a voice, whispering like the wind, said: "No worries, little one. Close your eyes." Merry felt better when his eyes were closed and his body was moved. He was too tired to fight it and his cheek rested now on a silken fabric. Someone was lifting him and he fell unconscious. - While they had felt victories due to Helm's Deep not long ago, the company moved through Fangorn Forest in depressed silence. The only real sound was the sound of Treebeard's feet. Pippin was sitting behind Aragorn, his hands fisting into the man's clothes and his eyes empty. Aragorn had placed one his hands on top of one of Pippin's small ones and held it tightly. They had lost another one. Gimli had fallen to his knees once they heard about Merry. Legolas had simply walked away, needing some time alone. Death was not new for the fair elf, but death of companions was far too much for him. Aragorn had stayed, if only to try and comfort the normally happy Hobbit. Pippin had not said a word; it was Treebeard who had told them. The sunlight came through the thick masses of trees and the exit began to show. As they went out of the forest, Gandalf turned Shadowfax around to look at Treebeard. "I thank you for looking after young Pippin," he said to the old Ent. Treebeard nodded and looked over to where the Halfling was. He slowly went down to one of his knees, bringing himself closer to the ground and to the Hobbit. "Pippin?" His voice was as quiet as it could get. The Hobbit looked up at him and said: "Yes?" "If it is any comfort to you… I will look for Merry… whether he is alive or not. And if he is, I will make sure he comes to Edoras." Pippin nodded, eyes filled with tears. The old Ent rose up and slowly moved back into the forest. - Aragorn looked over the bare landscape, sighing. The celebration for the victory at Helm's Deep was being prepared in the Golden Hall of Meduseld but after the news about Merry he did not feel quite up for it. Pippin was not up for it either. The Hobbit had joined him and now stared around the landscape as well. "What if Merry drowned?" he suddenly asked. Aragorn looked down at the Halfling and said: "I don't know… I truly don't know." "Merry didn't like water," Pippin continued. "No Hobbit does really. When we were travelling along the river… he was a bit freaked out by that." "Constantly surrounded by water in a boat with nowhere to escape… I would be frightened too, if I had a dislike of water." "I don't like water either, but it was easier for me. I don't know but it was." Aragorn put a hand on Pippin's shoulder. "I've never been away from Merry for this long," the Halfling said. "He's always been there with me." "Then we can only hope he is alive," Aragorn said. - Merry was aware of the sun shining on his face, and sleepily opened his eyes. A warm blanket lay over him and he slowly sat up. His dizziness had all but disappeared and he was dry. He looked up at the trees; they were different from what he remembered in the Fangorn Forest. They were glowing with a strange silvery light, almost looking like Lothlórien trees. Above the trees he saw mighty mountains rise to the sky. "You are awake at last." His head snapped to the side, and his eyes widened as he saw something he had never seen before. The hair was glowing silver-white and was flowing down the man's chest and back. The skin was dark grey, almost black, reminding Merry a bit about coal, and shining yellow eyes watched him. Two pointed ears stuck up from the hair, heavily pierced with silver jewellery. The man wore a silvery long skirt, slits up the sides of his legs for flexibility and a red sash securing it around his waist. He wore a silvery open vest as well, his wrists on both arms and legs decorated with silver bracelets. He rose up from the small fire, his steps soft and quiet. The bracelets jingled softly, and the Halfling noted his legs were bare. Was not the man cold? Said man crouched down and he put a hand against Merry's forehead. The dark skin was soft, smooth and warm. The nails were long and elegant. The whole man was elegant. "Your fever has lessened," the man said, sounding relieved. "Might I ask who you are?" "I'm… Merry. Merry Brandybuck from the Shire." "Shire? Halfling-land?" "How do you know?" Merry said, surprised. "Not even Treebeard knew!" "Treebeard, the Ent?" the man said. "He knows his forest. I myself must know all forests." "Wait… who are you?" "I am a watcher." "A watcher?" Merry asked. "I watch the woods," he said and sat back onto the ground in front of the Hobbit. "I have watched the woods for a very long time so long that not even the Ents knows me." "But they watch the forests…" "They watch one forest at a time," the watcher said. "I guard over all woods, along with others like myself." "And what exactly are you except for a watcher?" the Hobbit said and cocked his head curiously. "An Old Elf," he said. "My name is Emalrion. My people are known to few. The Modern elves may know of us from history books dated long ago. Most of us left Middle-Earth well before the Second Age." "How old are you?" Merry asked with wide eyes. "I have stopped counting the millennia," Emalrion said with a wry smile. "Now I wish to know how I found you half-drenched at the foot of the Misty Mountains, far from your Shire." Merry took a deep breath and began his tale. - It was night by the time he finished and Emalrion had moved him closer to the fire and bundled him up again. Merry grasped the blankets tightly and looked on as the elf worked with preparing a meal. He still wondered if Emalrion was not cold; the air was cold and it made Merry shiver. But the elf sat crouched down, seemingly comfortable with how cold it was. "How long was I out?" the Hobbit suddenly asked. He was thinking of Pippin, Treebeard… maybe even Aragorn, Legolas and Gimli had found Gandalf and they were going to Isengard. "It has been some days," Emalrion said and Merry froze. "Are you worried about your friends?" "A bit," the Hobbit confessed. "I heard the Rohan-people moved out. King Théoden moved to war." "King Théoden?" "Your friends must be with him," Emalrion said. "Cannot think of anywhere else they could be." "Where were they going?" "Gondor," the elf replied as he passed Merry a bowl. "The last stronghold against this Sauron." "You aren't worried about the outcome?" Merry asked. "I have lived so long, Merry, that it is difficult to start caring," Emalrion said. "However, I am cheering on men as I always have done. They will at least try to make a good future, when they are not busy with their thoughts of greed." Merry looked on as Emalrion seemed to mash different leaves and herbs together in a bowl with steaming hot water. The Hobbit began to eat the meal the elf had given him and pushed away his worries for now. Emalrion would probably help him if he asked. - Pippin looked out at the lands of Gondor. Gandalf was smoking his pipe quietly beside the Hobbit. So many things had gone wrong. Merry had been lost, and Pippin began to loose hope that his best friend would be ever found again. He himself had foolishly looked into the Palantir and had now gone to Gondor with Gandalf. It had been hard leaving Aragorn, Legolas and Gimli behind. He knew they could take care of themselves but he still worried. Ages had passed since they had been carefree and enjoying the journey. Ages since Frodo and Sam had gone to Mordor alone. Ages since he and Merry had been taken by the Uruk-hais… only moments since Merry had been pulled away from him. If he had only hold onto Treebeard like the old Ent had told them… "Don't dwell on the past, Pippin." The Hobbit looked up at Gandalf. The wizard looked down at him and continued: "Nothing you berate yourself for will bring Merry back quicker." "He maybe is already dead," Pippin said. "But he could