Yule Singing Not Approved Summary : Erestor and Glorfindel had little in common but they agreed on one thing; never let a drunken Elrond start singing. Pairing/s : None. Warnings : Bit of OOC for the whole lot of characters, I'd imagine. Disclaimers : I don't own Lord of the Rings nor do I make any money writing fanfiction. -o- Placing Erestor and Glorfindel next to each other, and people wouldn't see them having much in common, beside the fact both of them were elves. Erestor was a bit short for an elf, still tall compared to humans mind, and quite slender with dark hair and eyes. Glorfindel however was taller with a greatly built body, bright blonde hair and blue eyes. They shared no interests, Erestor being a scholar and Glorfindel a warrior, and they both had vastly different duties in Rivendell. Whenever they were seen together outside their rooms or offices, they argued. They seemed to love arguing with each other. But they did get along, surprisingly, and they got along very well with each other. And if there was something they both truly agreed on, was to never let Elrond get enough air in his lungs to start singing on Yule. That, usually accompanied by a few glasses of wine, and it took nothing less of knocking him out to shut him up. If one was lucky. It was a bit of shock for those who only saw Elrond during the days, all regal and composed, a calm and collected elf that glided through the halls of Rivendell. But give him a jug of wine, and leave him unsupervised for more than five minutes, and he'd be off. Erestor was woken up on Yule morning, but thankfully not because of Elrond's singing. Had he started this early, there was no peace to find for the rest of the very long day. It was enough that had happened last year. No, he was woken up by Glorfindel and the blond elf crossed the room, nearly jumping onto the bed that made Erestor's head bounce on the pillow. "No, I will not," Erestor said. "What?" "Sorry. Instinct response. What do you want?" "The wine!" Glorfindel said horrified. "Wine?" Erestor sat up. "I thought you liked wine." "Aye, I do, but there are a lot of lord Elrond's favourites being moved to the hall!" "What?!" "Aye, it's a disaster!" "Surely the others must know what mistake they are committing?" Glorfindel snorted. "They must have been muddling it in themselves yesterday, for they wouldn't spot a disaster coming running on a warg with twelve orcs on it." "Can a warg have twelve orcs on its back?" Erestor asked as he was pulled out of bed. "I wouldn't be surprised, even if it meant they had to cling on," Glorfindel said. "Oh, the wine, the wine ! Do you remember last year?" "… I'd rather not." "See, it was that horrible. Do we want a repeat of that?" "No." "Well then," Glorfindel said. "Get dressed." "And what are we going to do about it? We can't forbid lord Elrond from drinking!" "No, but we can make sure he doesn't get all his favourite wine." Erestor looked from his wardrobe. "How?" "Hiding it of course." Erestor sighed. He was quite sure this day would feel very long, regardless of singing lords or not. -o- An hour later, and Erestor was not amused. "This is practically stealing!" he hissed. "We are not stealing," Glorfindel protested. "We are merely… protecting our ears and sanity from very bad singing. Lord Elrond can't hold a tune when he had a few of these." The blond elf almost shoved a bottle into Erestor's face. The brunette moved it away, glaring at him. "I will get hell for this, correct?" Glorfindel said. "You'll do something terrible to me in the end, when I least expect it." "Remember that, and fear me," Erestor growled. "I can't see why we had to go outside, in the cold, when it's snowing , just to hide away a few bottles of wine!" "And if you don't keep it down, they won't remain hidden. Cheer up, Erestor. It's Yule, and snow is pretty." Erestor glared at him. "Not when you're not dressed for the weather." "Oh… another revenge I shall await?" "When you think you're safe…" Erestor shivered. "Lord Elrond will grow suspicious soon." Glorfindel put away the last few and then motioned him back to the house. Erestor thought it might just be worth it, if it meant Elrond's singing would be kept to a minimum. Perhaps he would just get tipsy enough to let Erestor flee the party early. The brunette was not fond of too much music and song. Anyway, with Glorfindel there, Elrond would hardly notice anyone leaving. The blond occupied a large space in every room he was in, not by doing anything special, but just by being himself. Erestor had never had that in him, keeping people's attention, or even wanting it. They got back into the warm halls and Erestor stopped by a fireplace to heat up his chilled fingers. The feast had yet to start, but elves were steadily moving towards the main hall. "Be glad we actually dressed for the night before getting those bottles away from Elrond," Glorfindel commented. Erestor merely glared at him. "Surely you will appreciate it later, when lord Elrond simply goes from the halls to his sleeping quarters." "That is true," Erestor conceded. "Perhaps I shall not heave such a heavy revenge upon you if we are able to sleep in peace tonight." "Just what I wanted to hear, mellon-nin. Now, I believe we will be missed if we don't hurry up." -o- There was still a lot of wine left, and Erestor wondered where humans got the notion that elves were graceful during all waking hours. A drunken elf was not a graceful one. Elrond was bordering on tipsy but by no means outright drunk, and so Erestor wasn't too worried yet. He just didn't want to spend the whole night with two pillows covering his ears, trying to sleep, while a drunken elven lord sang the same song seemingly outside of everyone's door for the fifteenth time. He had done that enough years already. Or not even trying to sleep, instead working and keeping his door and windows locked, for a drunken Elrond also meant a creative elven lord who tried to find him, or Glorfindel. Once that happened Erestor had every time, at the end of it been quite tempted to try run Elrond through with a sword, despite not knowing how to hold a blade properly. "I believe our plan is working," Glorfindel said, appearing suddenly behind him. "Do not say so until the night is over," Erestor replied. "What of you? Not drinking tonight?" "I am a bit more careful than our dear lord. And you then? What's your excuse?" "I will in no way drink myself into a drunken stupor just because people around me do," the black-haired elf said, glancing over at him. "You're including me in that drunken stupor, aren't you?" "Yes. How clever of you to find that out." "Erestor… might I remind you I may take my revenge too?" "Remember what happened last time. You tried to throw me into the water, I made you go along and we ended up falling down a waterfall. Lord Elrond barely managed to heal us because he was laughing too hard." Glorfindel winced and rubbed his chest. "I remember that. You landed on my chest! You're no Elfling you know; it hurt." "I know. It meant to hurt," Erestor replied. "So try if you wish, just remember I won't make it easy for you." "You are just impossible aren't you?" Glorfindel said, but he had a smile on his face and it made Erestor smile a bit as well. "Aye, I am. Get used to it." "Oh, I believe I already have. I just wishfully ignore it at times." Glorfindel glanced over at Elrond. "Is it me or does he look drunk?" "Not to the point he sings," Erestor replied. "But he has reached the point he shall require assistance getting to his chambers." "But when he sings he walks on his own." "He's too drunk then to remember he shouldn't be able to walk on his own." "You have to admit that is quite the skill," Glorfindel said. "Aye, but not one should approve of too much." Elrond laughed, and both of them glanced over. "Does no one remember what happens when he's too drunk?" Erestor moaned in despair. "Blissful ignorance, I believe, or they can't remember it." "How can they forget decades of horrid waiting to see if he will go around all night, singing until someone knocks him out or he knocks himself out by walking into a wall?" "With skill. And wine." Glorfindel glanced around. "Make it a lot of wine. A horrendous amount of wine." "If it happens tonight, I will extract revenge upon the whole household for forgetting that one does not give too many drinks to Elrond…" -o- Erestor growled into his pillow. Glorfindel punched another, then ducked underneath it with his head. "I thought we had taken pre-cautions!" the blond wailed. "Next year we will not take Lord Elrond lightly and simply forbid wine," Erestor growled. "Order dwarf ale instead. That will make everyone stay sober at least." "Oh, but I like wine…" "One bottle then. No, two. One for you, and one for me, and possibly a good hiding-spot so the other elves can't chase us down in search of getting hammered," the dark-haired elf said. "Will he ever stop?!" Elrond took a breath, a blissful silence for a beat, and then started again. Now, there was nothing wrong with Elrond's usual singing; both Glorfindel and Erestor admitted that. Elves generally knew how to sing, and how to sing well. It was just… well, they weren't really that good once they did get drunk. Most elves didn't sing and get drunk at the same time, but Elrond was one of those who did. And despite their hopes and hiding several of the wine bottles, Elrond had found time to take a breath long enough to start singing. And so their night was ruined. "I swear," Erestor muttered. "Oh, come morning, come with your sweet, bleak sun and they all will pay ." Hearing the tone, Glorfindel whimpered. He had faced a Balrog and numerous orcs, but somehow an angered Erestor was something he wanted to avoid facing at all costs. "May I stay in your rooms while you do that?" he asked. "Please… I do not think I can steady my nerves otherwise." "Very well, you may. If you agree to order dwarf ale to next Yule." "And two bottles of wine. One for me, and one for you. Aye, I agree. I swear. And we'll hide so no one else smells the sweetness of the wine and tries to hunt us down in an effort to get drunk." "Good. Oh dear no, not the same song again!" Elrond apparently didn't grow tired of singing the same song again and both elves tried to shield their ears to no avail. "It is at times like this I wish I had no hearing!" Glorfindel moaned. "Can one not remove one's hearing for a while?!" "I believe that is still impossible, but I will check some books tomorrow just to assure me of that fact," Erestor replied. "Should I ever find a method, I will certainly teach you it." "Thank the Valar…" Elrond's voice carried strong over the whole household and both Erestor and Glorfindel glanced at each other. There would be no rest for them this night. -o- Morning came, chilly and crisp. Erestor was up. Glorfindel had by now crawled under the covers on Erestor's bed and glanced at the scholar. "Erestor…" "Yes?" "Is that my sword?" "Yeees?" "Erestor… are you going to use