If anyone knew anything about Oliver Wood, they knew he lived and breathed Quidditch. He wasn't fully alive until he was flying through the air, eyes tracking the quaffle, prepared at any moment to dive or twist in order to catch it. The moment he stepped onto a broomstick, he transformed into a man with a singular purpose, a singular goal. Oliver Wood didn't know how to live without Quidditch, and yet Katie Bell was afraid he might have to learn very rapidly. At least she no longer feared he wouldn't live at all. That, at least, represented a marked improvement from the day before. Then, she only knew the healers at St. Mungo's had listed his condition as critical. Today, they told her he would live. As for flying, or even walking, well, they couldn't guarantee any results. He still hadn't awoken, and so she sat next to him in a hard, spindly chair covered only by a ratty cushion. She'd known Oliver for years, ever since she joined the Gryffindor Quidditch team her second year, and she knew the first question to leave his lips would pertain to Quidditch. She hoped that if she, a familiar and friendly face broke the news to him rather than a tired, strange Healer, he might not crumble immediately. He might not lose hope. She understood as well as anyone in this hospital the value of hope. Angelina and Alicia had remained with her for the first few hours, but then Alicia had received a message from Lee begging for help with George, who'd gone nearly mad with grief in the weeks since his twin's death. They already knew Oliver would survive, but no such certainly existed with George, so she'd told them, looking directly at Angelina, to go, to help Lee. In truth, though, Angelina needed the help herself, and watching over one more friend wounded by that stupid war wouldn't provide her with any comfort. Just another reminder of what they all still had to lose. "You'd think with the war over, this wouldn't happen." The voice startled her, and she jumped in her chair. It came from a man who spoke with a slight Scottish brogue, similar to Oliver's, and once she'd recovered from the initial shock, she noticed other similarities as well. A rather burly, stocky man with fair brown hair and deep brown eyes entered the room. Thought his hair was a shade lighter than Oliver's, the nose, the sharp cheekbones, the glint in his eye all felt exceedingly familiar. Too familiar. "I forgot Oliver had a brother," she said, venturing a guess at the man's identity. "There weren't any other Woods at school, and he rarely mentioned you." "Well, I'm five years older and fifty years wiser than my little brother, so we were never that close." He loped in easily and pulled up one of the other chairs, this one an alarming shade of puce. The chair dragged across the floor with a horrid shriek, and she winced. "Sorry," he said. "No, I'm sorry. I should have reached out to you earlier, but honestly, it slipped my mind once I owled his parents." He shook his head. "From what I understand, I couldn't have done much anyways. Besides, the wizarding world is small. I actually heard from Charlie before I heard from mum and da." Now it was her turn to shake her head. "I'm sorry, Charlie who?" "Oh, Merlin, I shouldn't have assumed you'd know. Charlie Weasley. Old teammate of Ollie's and, uh, and a friend of mine. I don't know who told him, though." "Probably Angelina. She's been talking to George's family pretty regularly, trying to figure out how to help him." She grimaced. "Not that we've had much luck." "This is George Weasley, Charlie's younger brother?" "Oh yes, sorry, I shouldn't have assumed you'd know." She paused again. "I don't actually know your name, to tell the truth. That's even more embarrassing." "It's Sean, and it's not a problem. Thank you for being here with him, Katie." Now she blushed. "So you knew who I was already, and I'm the fool who forgot to contact his brother." "Well, I used to come to some of Ollie's Quidditch matches when I was around, which wasn't very often, mind you, but I liked to see him lose to Ravenclaw." He grinned. "You always played quite well. You and the others, Alice and Angelica was it?" "Angelina and Alicia, yeah." She took a moment to process the information. "You were in Ravenclaw then." "Like I said, fifty years wiser. And a little less obsessed with Quidditch." "Most people are," she snorted, but then she recalled the situation and her laughter halted. No one loved Quidditch like Oliver Wood, and yet he might be the one to lose it. "How bad is it, Katie?" he asked, his expression grave. She gulped, not knowing what to tell him, what he might already know. She started with the basics. "He's going to make it, which is, well, it's more than they could tell me yesterday. Beyond that, they don't know if he'll be able to fly or even to walk." Her eyes stung with unbidden tears. "He was hit by several curses, and they all mixed together and one of them was sort of eating away at the muscles in his leg, at least that's how they described it to me, and he wasn't breathing properly either. He looks okay now, but yesterday when they were still shoving potions down his throat and they couldn't stop the bleeding, it was just horrible. Absolutely horrible." Tears slid down her cheeks, hot and burning. "I don't know what else to tell you." Sean didn't say a word. Instead, he leaned in and wrapped his arms around her in an awkward yet firm hug. She melted into it, releasing all of the tears and the fear from the past two days in the arms of a man she'd never met before. It definitely ranked as one of the stranger experiences in her life. When she pulled away, she wiped her sleeve clumsily over her face, trying to clear her eyes. "Merlin," she laughed shakily. "I must look a mess." He laughed along with her. "I've seen worse, believe me." She shot him a questioning look. "I'm actually a healer, you know. I work in Bucharest, in Romania, which is how I got to know Charlie, but I've seen people on the worst days of their lives. It's nice to know that Ollie has some people who really care about him, too." "I had no idea you were a healer. I could try to find one, maybe if you want more specific information. They mentioned something about a masticating hex and an infinisangueo curse, and one of the potions they gave him was called Lolithorpe's brew, which sounded familiar but I kind of forget what it does, and— "Slow down, Katie. I'll get everything I need to know later. Right now, I'm here as a brother, not a healer. I trained at St. Mungo's, so I trust the people who work here. Now breathe." She took several deep breaths, relishing in the subtle wave of calm that washed over her. She hadn't realized she'd been shaking until the trembling halted. She chuckled nervously again. "Sorry again." "You apologize too much, especially for someone who has nothing to apologize for." He eyed her critically. "When did you last eat something? Did you spend the night here?" She had to think on the first question a moment. "Angelina brought me a pasty this morning when she came by, but I think that's it. That was around eight in the morning or so, I'd say." "Well, it's currently four in the afternoon, and I assuming since you didn't answer my second question that you did indeed spend the night here, which is against hospital protocol by the way." "Someone needed to be here," she said defiantly. He placed a comforting hand on her shoulder. "I don't doubt that. I'm just surprised they let a non-blood relative stay after visiting hours. Still doesn't change the fact that you need to eat something. Let me take you out to lunch somewhere. You can eat and get out of this place at the same time, two birds with one stone as they say." "Someone needs to— "My parents will be here in half an hour. From the looks of it, he's unlikely to wake up in the next thirty minutes, but if it makes you feel better we can wait until they arrive." She relented, "If you want to see your parents, let's wait, but otherwise we can go now, I suppose." "I saw them earlier today, stopped by before I came here. I think your need for food is more pressing than any filial obligation I may have at the moment." "If you say so." She glanced around and noticed for the first time a mirror hanging on the wall in the corner. She stood and walked quickly over to it and gasped. "Merlin, I really do look a mess." "If you didn't, I'd suspect you were part veela. I can give you a few minutes to freshen up if you like." She shook her head. "There's nothing I can really do in five minutes that could make enough of a difference. Let's just go now." He smiled gently at her. "Great. I know a good spot not too far from here, a muggle place. They have excellent dumplings." The sunshine blinded her when she stepped outside of the hospital for the first time in more than twenty four hours. Even though the windows in Oliver's room allowed for some natural light to filter in and augment the illumination provided by the magical lighting of St. Mungo's, none of it compared to the sun and the warmth of a mild summer day. The open clear sky acted as a balm, soothing some of the tension in her limbs. Illogically, she felt more optimistic than she had since she'd heard about the attack even though technically little had changed. Sean noticed the change in her posture and grinned. "It's good to get out once in a while. I learned that pretty quickly when I was in training." She smiled ruefully. "You're right, I suppose. I'm just used to discounting any advice Oliver offers me, but you're not him." "No, I'm not Ollie. I'm not sure the world could handle two people with that much of a Quidditch obsession." He placed a quick hand on her elbow, nudging her along. "It's this way, not too far, just a few blocks." They began walking down the streets of muggle London. Katie was English and had lived in England her whole life, but she'd rarely spent any time wandering around the capital city. The hustle and rush of all the people around overwhelmed her slightly. So many people, and so few of them knew about the hospital they were passing by just now. So few could see it. "I hope you like Chinese," Sean offered as a conversation starter. "When I didn't feel like cooking, I used to come here occasionally. Some weeks I even came several times." "You think they'll recognize you?" "It's been a few years, but if Billy's still there, he might. He's the manager," he added quickly. "I spent more than a few late nights at one of the corner tables, talked to him a few times. We're taking a right here, by the way." They turned the corner, scooting around a couple who collectively were walking five dogs. The sidewalks were still slightly damp from a morning shower and an occasional strong whiff of city smell reached her nose, but she relished in the fresh air that flowed around her. After several more blocks, Sean pointed at a small shop on the right side of the street, a rather nondescript little place. "This is us," he