Author's Note: Welcome to the spin-off/sequel of sorts to Dormitory 2.6A. I did try to write it so it could be a stand-alone fic, but let's be honest, it probs isn't. It's been my project for Camp Julno and tbh I'm not all that fond of how this chapter ends, but I can't revamp it to save my life so it's up. *screams* Cue: a heck load of swearing, lotsa OCs and everyone who ships Novus hating my guts! ONE. A SEED IN THE VEGETABLE PATCH Sometimes, Dahlia wondered whether accidentally pouring freshly-made coffee onto someone's lap would get her fired. In this case, "sometimes" meant every other day and "accidentally" meant unapologetically on purpose, staring the other person dead in the eye as she gave them a first degree burn where the sun didn't shine. And by "someone", she meant the absolute tosser that was Kaikane Call-Me-The-K Paoa. "So the secretary asked me out of a group of twenty interns, some of them years older than me, to handle the situation," he was saying now, a boast amplifying his voice. "Can't say I was surprised - after all, The K was the only man there keeping his head. Everyone else was just so inexperienced. I actually felt sorry for them, they clearly had no idea what to do..." "I'm sure," Dahlia said as shortly as she could without risking a reprimand from the bosses. Luckily for her, Kaikane was so far up his own arse, she could be smacking him senseless and he probably wouldn't realise that she'd reached the end of her tether with him. "You know, I'd be surprised if they don't hire me full-time after this. We had a fiasco on our hands but I was in there, sorting everything out, keeping a calm head - I was in my element , you know? Really thriving -" "Here's your coffee, sir," she interrupted, all but throwing the cup in front of him. "Same as usual: latte macchiato with an extra shot of espresso and two sugars." "Ah, no need to call me 'sir', Dahlia," he laughed, though there was a note of approval that rang high in it. "Surely, you know me well enough by now!" As much as it pained her to admit it... he was right. Kaikane Paoa had frequented The Harpy's Lounge every two or three days for the past two months Dahlia had been employed there. Each time, he ordered a latte macchiato with an extra shot of espresso and two sugars, watched her make it, and then proceeded to chat about the epic gloriousness of himself. He called himself The K. It was easy to grasp why Dahlia hated him. She bit back the venomous retort on her tongue, shrugging. "Harpy policy." She even attempted a smile, though the effect made her look somewhat constipated. In her defence, she had a reason to be. The K was a specimen no one should suffer through a conversation with so the fact that she had to be polite in one? If Dahlia hadn't needed the money, she would have kindly informed him to fucking shove his bullshit stories where the sun didn't shine and fuck off back to his shithole of an office to drool over invoices or whatever it was he did and leave her the fuck alone. But alas, she was nineteen years old and needed a steady job to, you know, stay the hell alive so she had to suck it up, grit her teeth and pretend like she gave a shit about The K. Thankfully, it was at that moment that salvation arrived in the form of Nova Hale. Or, at least, it did to some extent. "Pass me a white chocolate mocha, won't you, Dahlia?" she asked distractedly, rummaging through her bag. She slid onto the stool next to The K, oblivious to the startled look of recognition he threw her. Dahlia, however, was not and proceeded to fix him with a menacing glare, Harpy policy be damned, as if daring him to say anything. "Um, no," she said mildly as she pulled out her wand from the pocket of her apron. She maintained eye contact with the imbecile next to her friend until an expression of deep discomfort rose to his face. Idly, she wondered if slashing her hand across her throat would be a step too far in her warning. "We don't serve people like you." "And just what are people like me?" "Oh, you know. Bags of flesh who use up all our damn oxygen." A choked laugh scraped its way out of Nova's throat. She smiled, the tug on her lips a little reluctant, a little involuntary and a little sad. It brought attention to the melancholic red tint to her puffy eyes, the raw tip of her nose, the way the layers of clothes she wore seemed to be more of a wall than a source of warmth in this cold weather. For once in his life, The K got the hint. "I shall be going now," he announced, standing up to his impressive height of 6ft 3 inches. He towered over the two of them in a way he was probably proud of in every other situation – a presence that commanded attention. At this moment in time, however, he was decidedly more awkward. "Till next time, Dahlia," he said, lifting his coffee as if to remind her why. She fought off her answering grimace. "Yeah. Till then." Her eyes stayed trained on his back as he walked out of the café - but almost immediately after the door closed behind him, they snapped back to Nova. "You okay?" "I'm fine," she said automatically. Dahlia raised an eyebrow. "And I'm the fucking Queen of Sheba." "Nice to meet you, Your Majesty," she said dryly, her fingers clasped around her purse. "Do your royal fingers know how to make me my white chocolate mocha?" "They know how to dump it all over your fucking head." She twirled her wand (cedar, 12 inches long, rigid), the movements precise and practiced. She still messed up every now and again but on a Wednesday afternoon, when work forced most of the country indoors and business was slow, she was perfect. It was just her at the counter right now: what had been a curse when The K had lumbered in was now a blessing in the company of her friend. She spun her wand in tight circles above the mug, watching the components of the drink blend together. "I'm fine," Nova insisted again, though her words wobbled with the lie. "Just – stressed out. The Harpy is one of the only places I don't get hounded by idiots in the bush or wherever the fuck the press hides." That was understandable. The Harpy's Lounge had a No Press Policy: anyone famous who walked through those doors had the right to be left alone by all in the café, finally allowed to relax. It made sense. After all, the place had been opened and owned by Louis Weasley and Teddy Lupin since about a year ago and God knows they had experienced the brunt of media attention before. The place was somewhat of a safe haven, a midway point for the famous and their lowly adoring fans. Dahlia poured the mocha into a styrofoam cup and scrawled Nova's name across it in spiky black ink. She slammed it down in front of her - not because she was particularly angry but because she happened to do everything rather forcefully. It was just how she was programmed. "Why did you break up with him?" she demanded. Nova flinched. "It was a mutual decision. I told you that." "You did," she conceded. "And while I'm all for you regaining your senses and moving away from men - since, as we all know, they're fucking useless disgraces to this society - " Take The K, for example. " - you also happen to be my friend, unfortunately, and this break up has clearly made you miserable. So why do it? It makes no effing sense." A spark of defiance entered her. "It just wasn't working out." At the noise of an impatient interruption, she held up a hand and continued, "No, listen, Dahlia. I... I love Al, okay? Nothing can change that, not even your passionate speeches about how he detracts from my empowerment or whatever, and yeah, that means breaking up doesn't change that. But the truth is that we just don't... fit together after Hogwarts. Our timetables clash, we had to skip dates, we argued more because of it. It just stopped working." "How does the hell does love stop working?" She smiled sadly. "It doesn't. But relationships do. Look, Al and I were heading down a path that wasn't good for either of us. Better to end it now when we don't resent each other and can still be friends in the future. Less painful." Less painful? This was less painful? Nova had cried for days after she'd broken up with Potter, curled up in her bed in a rotating cycle of pyjamas and depressing movies on the MagiVision, despondently shoving spoonfuls of chocolate ice cream into her mouth. She was still crying now, if her red eyes said anything! She had cried and her heart had shattered and then she had knitted herself together with rudimentary stitches because she had just lost her first love. Her first everything. And Dahlia had watched it all with a growing frustration and despair that bubbled out, as per usual, in snark and enough swear words to put a nun in St. Mungo's. Because, loath as she was to admit it, Albus Potter wasn't all that bad for a guy. Yes, he had this infuriating smirk whenever Dahlia told him to crawl in a hole and die; yes, he was a literal cliché down to his messy black hair and Quidditch robes; yes, he did shit like shag Nova on school trips to Rome and consequently send their friend Nala into a tirade about how lucky the girl was to have such a "romantic boyfriend". But he also made her happy. He'd held her close when she had broken down from the stress of their NEWTs. He'd endured the somewhat psychotic and entirely nosy behaviour of her best friends with the patience of a thousand men. He'd even gone out of his way to befriend them all. And was that not what mattered in the end? Not knowing how to word this, Dahlia scoffed, "Why does his career matter more than your happiness?" She was quiet. "I'm not going to tell him not to follow his dreams, Dahlia," she murmured somewhat reproachfully. "He's wanted to play for the Magpies since he was a kid and now he's their reserve Seeker. Why would I take that away from him?" "Because you're the best thing that ever happened to the twat?" She didn't know how to express it in words, this concern she felt over Nova's relationship falling apart. After all, she was no romantic. She didn't believe in fairy tale princesses swanning around in their towers, waiting for a pretty prince to save them; as far as she was concerned, damsels were better off getting themselves out of distress. That way, they were out of danger and not chained to a man for the rest of their lives. But she did believe in love. That quiet sort of love she saw in her parents: in the care her mum put into cooking meals for her dad, in the feather-soft reach of his fingers on the back of her hand as he left for work in the morning, in the fish and chips he brought home every now again just because it'd been the first thing they'd ate in this country. An unspoken acceptance that she was herself and he was himself and that they could survive without each other but simply