disclaimer: couple of lines borrowed from the hp books here ("are you sure that's a real spell? Well, it's not very good, is it?"; "i ' m hoping to do some good in the world," and "give her hell from us, peeves.") author's note: written for the amnesia experiment by windingarrow 3 due to the situation on hand aka hermione's memory loss, there may be ooc. still, i hope you enjoy it either way! GODS WITHOUT GRACE She doesn't remember a thing. Doesn't remember what she ate for breakfast, doesn't remember what she wore yesterday or the day before that, doesn't remember what she came here to do, how she came here to do it, what here even is – she doesn't even remember her name. All she has are vague impressions: the sense that here is home and that the man before her – a long auburn beard, a crooked nose, spectacles shaped like a moon halfway on its journey to being whole again – is powerful and benign (but not really) and that she has been sent on an important mission of some sort, though what it is, she can't quite recall. Dangerous? Possibly. Necessary? Certainly. Illegal? … Perhaps. She gets the sense that she, too, is powerful, though not nearly as powerful as the man inspecting her. He is old and wise and otherworldly; he analyses, sharp blue eyes scanning her, a soft gravelly voice asking her for her name, for her intentions, for her allegiance. And though she can't quite say why, the name Grindelwald has her shake in equal parts revulsion and fear. And though she can't quite say why, she doesn't tell this man that she is on a mission, only confesses that she does not remember how she came to be at the front gates. And though she can't quite say why, when she searches for her name, she can only recall faint whispers of suggestions, each more unsuitable than the last, until finally it's Jane – no, Jean – and it is both right and wrong and she is testing it out on her tongue, hesitant but at a loss as to what else it could be, and he is digesting this with a head cocked carefully to the side and – " Jean ," he murmurs and her stomach cringes. "I am going to make a decision concerning you, Jean, that I hope you will prove not to be a foolish one." And then he hands her a long stick – her fingers instinctively wrap around it, a grip as natural as the quiet inflation of her lungs, and she moves her hand in a long, languid movement, murmuring words in a foreign tongue – A lemon drop hovers in the air. She is home. # # # Life proves to be strange for Jean Doe. The castle is her home and yet it is unfamiliar to her. These students are not her students, these halls not her halls. Often, she enters the common room and automatically turns towards the fireplace, her heart lifting in anticipation, before it crashes back down, splatters the white bones of her ribcage in crimson when she doesn't see what she wants to see. Sometimes, she sits in Potions class and listens to Professor Slughorn drone on and thinks, randomly, that a bat is far more suited to the dungeons than a walrus. Sometimes, she glances out the window on her way to the Great Hall, catches a glimpse of the Quidditch Pitch and thinks she can see a blur of messy dark hair and scarlet robes, even when it is clearly empty. She has odd moments here and there; like on the first night back when she brushed past a severe-looking girl in the year below and suddenly had the image of a tabby cat with square markings spring to her eyes as clear as day. She stopped dead in her tracks, words hovering on her tongue, before the girl raised a sharp, inquisitive eyebrow, and they were lost to the winds, replaced instead with a shame-faced apology and the hurried patter of feet. Home but not home. Hogwarts but not Hogwarts. She walks through the grounds and disjointed thoughts make themselves known in her mind: a werewolf underneath a Whomping Willow, a giant in the forest, Abraxan horses beating their powerful wings in the sky. She looks toward the Astronomy Tower and sees a frail body fall; looks toward the Black Lake and sees it burn. There is a beech tree that makes her heart ache and a bathroom on the second floor that freezes it in fear. She strolls past a tapestry on the seventh floor and finds her fingers pressed against the wall, picks up the stray cat she adopted and wishes for ginger fur. Constantly, she is consumed by this sense of other . Worst of all is the clamminess she feels when she sees him. By all means, it is an irrational reaction. After all, Tom Riddle is a perfect student. Charming, well-spoken, easy on the eyes. As far as Slytherins go, this one is perfectly pleasant, if in an untouchable sort of way, as if several inches of bulletproof glass barricades him from the world… And yet. And yet he raises the hairs on the back of her neck, beckons panic to grip her legs, has her clutch onto her wand just that little bit tighter when she passes him in the corridor, as if in anticipation of an attack. He fills her with pure, unadulterated fear . And she's never even breathed a word to him in her life. # # # Professor Merrythought is going to retire any day now and old age has not done her well. Most lessons find her weather-beaten face lined in half a million frowns and snarls and scoffs, dismissing the students' attempts with nothing more than the well-worn line between two thick eyebrows. She is old and mean and likes to test everyone until they are at the ends of their tethers which is why when she announces that today's lesson will be somewhat of a practice wizards' duel, Jean gets a sinking feeling in her chest until… "Miss Doe," comes the sudden bark. "Let's see what you're made of. You're up first against Master Riddle over here." There it is, thrumming to life. A pitch-black hum of fear sinking into the cavity of her chest, wrapping its tendrils around her heart as it squeezes it to a pulp. Her breath catches in her throat, loud enough for Riddle to hear and smirk, loud enough for one of her fellow Gryffindors to groan and drop her head into her hands. "Well, go on, get on with it." Chairs scrape against the floor as everyone rises to their feet, the air filling with grumbles and murmurs and people placing bets. Only the foolhardiest root for her, the naïve new girl who remembers nothing but a few handful of facts that are steadily growing, over Tom bloody Riddle. With a sharp sweep of her wand, Merrythought sends the desks and chairs skittering backwards into neat piles on either side of the room. Moments later, even the rowdiest of students are assembled in a loose circle around the centre of the room, buzzing with anticipation. Everyone is looking at them and she is looking at him and he is looking at her, mouth twitching into an almost imperceptible smile. He bows, low and lazy like a man who knows he has already won, and she has to force herself to do the same. Her body simmers. " Stupefy!" He sends the curse without hesitation and she throws herself to the side. Quicker than lightning, he fires off another two, one after the other. Run, a voice says in her mind. She tenses, determined to ignore it. She might not know much but she knows that running will get her nowhere – Merrythought will have her head, the Gryffindors betting on her and yelling her name will discard her for life, and Tom Riddle will win – and the thought of that, of this boy who terrifies her to no end actually winning , is enough to root her feet to the ground. She will not run. She will not hide. She will not – He doesn't give words to the next spell. But she sees his hand move and her body unthinkingly reacts – she slashes her wand through the air, screams an incantation in her mind – And one of the desks flies forward to knock him cold to the ground. # # # In the days following Tom Riddle's visit to the hospital, Jean notices the eyes. They have always been drawn to her in the first place, curious about the girl with no memory of the world but instincts all the same – probably one of Grindelwald's traumatised victims , they say after she finds she is fluent in French, running from the continent – but once she has proven herself to be dangerous, the eyes press into her even more. There are Dumbledore's, pale blue flames peering at her over slices of glass, steady and stern and suspicious. There are her roommates', wide and awed and a tiny bit fearful as they invite her over, huddle around her protectively, send fierce glares to the Slytherins who dare to threaten one of them. And then there are Tom Riddle's friends, each one dark and dangerous and damning. Those stares are the ones that slide ice down her spine, choke her with the feeling that she's bitten off more than she can chew. Abraxas' eyes are like quicksilver, Nott's like Fiendfyre; Lestrange's are black holes that suck away her smile every time she feels them on the nape of her neck, Avery's as sinister as Thestrals – and Tom… well, Tom is another matter entirely. She's right to fear him, she knows that now. No matter how much her roommates – or friends, she supposes – giggle and tell her that he's perfectly fine with the incident, even admires her ingenuity, Jean knows . Retribution is coming. Until then, there is nothing she can do, except pull her cloak a little tighter to herself, strap her wand to a holster on her arm and stay in packs. She immerses herself into the sixth year Gryffindor girls' group until Maggie feels comfortable enough to tell her all about her boyfriend troubles and Lilith sits with her for hours talking about what life has been like for the past few years, hoping something will spark her memory. Once she has earned their trust, Ida finally confesses that she is a Muggleborn, brings out her photo albums and flicks through them, giggling all the while at the serious expressions of her siblings. And Jean realises that she likes them, she really does, even as she gets the feeling that she never used to do this sort of thing before. Certainly, their conversations are sometimes a little too feminine for her – she whose hair is a perpetual frizzy bob and her skincare limited to a healthy splash of water on the face – but they are by no means vapid girls. After all, their conversations about waterproof mascara often precede a discussion of war. And that, surprisingly, Jean is good at talking about. It is easy to discuss war when one is removed from the situation. Conflict is rife all over Europe as Muggles blow each other to pieces and wizards strike their brothers down in cold washes of green, but in Hogwarts, it is not difficult to feel safe, protected, untouched. Easy enough to discuss the articles in the newspaper, words heavy with horror but unburdened all the same. Of course, the feeling is too good to last. "He – he's been conscripted," Ida whispers, tears staining her cheeks, dripping onto the letter that quivers in her hands. "My brother… He's been sent to