Story Introduction This is a Percy Jackson plus Artemis story. There may be lemons in later chapters. This story starts off right before Kronos starts destroying the Olympians thrones. Thalia is trapped under Hera's statue. I will be using parts from Aklusmos14 and Starblade167's story's. CHAPTER 1 BETRAYAL "Go" Thalia yelled, "I'll be fine" I was about to help her up but Annabeth grabbed my arm and pulled me back to my sense'. Thalia would be fine but Kronos needed to be stopped. "Don't worry guys ill help her" Grover said. I turned back to annabeth and nodded, she let go and we ran towards the Olympians throne room. We burst through the doors right before Kronos started on Ares's throne. He turned towards and smiled manically. "Well it seems you've come to watch me destroy the Olympians", "how about I start on your fathers throne first" he asked Percy as he started walking towards Poseidon's throne. I pulled out Riptide and charged him as Annabeth put her invisibility cap on. I ran towards him and once I got within 5 ft of him I felt like I was trying to swim through molasses. He laughed and grinned as he kicked me across the room. I hit the wall (head first of course). As I got up Grover burst through the doors and started playing a tune on his reeds. Vines started growing up from the ground and wrapping themselves around Kronos's feet and legs. He started shaking them off as I got up. He looked at Grover then stomped his foot and a hole appeared under him. I ran towards him but it was too late, he was gone. Red filled my vision as I charged Kronos in rage. Annabeth had gotten behind him and was about to stab him when he turned around and knocked her into Hephaestus's throne. It whirred to life and shocked Both Kronos and I and sent us flying. I hit a pillar (head first again). Kronos got up and was knocked over by annabeth. I quickly ran over and put my sword to Luke's throat. "I'm going to kill you Jackson" he growled. Annabeth leaned close to him and whispered something into his ear. I was about to tell her to back up when she whirled around and tried to stab me in the lower back. The knife bounced off but sent me into Luke sword first. She had a look of surprise on her face before my sword contacted with Luke's inner elbow and he exploded. I opened my eye's which hurt, and their was a loud ringing in my ears and looked around, I tried moving then looked down and saw a piece of rubble stuck on my chest. He saw Thalia limping into the room; he turned his head and saw annabeth walking towards him. She walked right up to him and raised her knife. Thalia shot her mere seconds before the gods burst into the throne room, weapons drawn. "Help me!" annabeth yelled. Athena turned towards Thalia and blasted her, as annabeth ripped the arrow out of her arm and raised her dagger only to be met with a trident and bolt at her throat. "Shackle her Ares" Zeus said as Poseidon helped his son up. Ares waved is hand and celestial bronze shackles appeared on her legs and wrists. The council repaired there thrones and then called a meeting to honor the heroes and to hear Percy's story. He told them everything exact as it had happened and the gods sent annabeth to Tartarus. Next came the award ceremony Tyson was first and got a stick and was made commander of the Cyclops army or something. Percy didn't know he was in a daze, his best friend dead and his supposed lover had betrayed him. He was shocked out of his daze with a loud bellow from his father. "Percy Jackson" he boomed. Percy looked up and walked forwards, he knelt at his father's throne. "We the council will grant one wish any wish as long as it's within our power" Poseidon said. "Anything" Percy asked looking up. "Yes, yes we can bestow god hood upon you if you so wish" Zeus said. "No" Percy answered, "but before you get angry, I would like you to do something else for me" he finished just before Zeus got angry. "Yes we can grant your wish as long as it's within our power to do so" Zeus finished. "Swear on the river Styx you'll do it" Percy responded. "What! Are you questioning us?" Zeus asked him incredulously. "No my lord, but someone taught me to always get a solemn oath." Percy said after looking at Hades. "Guilty as charged" Hades said innocently. "Very well, we the council swear on the river Styx to grant your wish as long as it's within our power." Zeus finished, and thunder rumbled in the background sealing the oath. "First I want all the non-combatant titans who didn't fight to be released, like calypso and Leto. Second I want to be immortal but free from the ancient laws. And can you return Hades and lady hestias throne. and give all the gods who dont have cabins give them cabins for thier children". He finished. "You ask a lot from us Percy" Zeus said. "I'll hold you to your oath" Percy responded. "Artemis, it would be easiest if you grant Percy the same immortality as your hunters" Zeus told her."but first, we need your oath that you will not attack olympus." zeus said." i swear on the river Styx to never betray olympus and to come to thier aid whenever required." he finished. Zues looked satisfied and waived for artemis to continue. She walked over and touched Percy on the shoulder, he glowed silver for a second then it disappeared. "Now let the victory celebration begin" Zeus said as all the campers had finally made it up the elevators. Percy left the throne room behind all the gods not wanting to be seen. He turned around to leave and saw Lady Hera sitting at her throne looking at him. Suprisingly he wlked over and bowed. " lady hera could i please have a moment" he asked politely. she gave him an odd look but nodded for him to continue. " i just wanted to apoligize for the way spoke to you last year in the labrynth.I may not have agreed with what Anna-...she, said but i thought i was protecting her. and im sorry for what i said." He bowed and turned to leave. " wait Perseus" hera called. he turned around expecting to get incenerated. "thank you for the apology" she said " and i belive your trying to avoid the celebration" she added. He looked at her and nodded. she smiled and snapped her fingers and percy vanished. He reappeared inside camp-half blood. he felt relived now he wouldnt have to pretend to be happy at the celebration. he went straight tko the poseidon cabin and gathered his things. he looked up from his pack and saw a picture of him and annabeth. he ripped it off the wall and tore it in half. he got some provisions and burnt part of his rations. " thank you lady hera" he said. then he wrote a note then left. the note read, Dear chiron I have decided to leave camp fpr a while. with all that happened, ive decided to spend some time traveling. i need some time to sort through my emotions. im not angry with you or anyone else so dont blame dont try to find me. Percy jackson. The next day the campers found out percy had left and didnt blame him. they figured he needed the time. anyone would have been shocked to find out your lover was faking it for that long of a time. It had been five years since anyone had heard fom was in a deep depression,and the seas had been restless for almost all five years. At first everyone belived he would return on his own. they thought he would kill a few monsters blow off a little steam, then come right back. But after a year of no word from percy people began to get restless. after two Zeus sent Artemis and her hunters to track him down and bring him back. After a third year with no luck tracking him down. they asked hades who told them percy was still alive and wasnt in his domain. after a fourth year they began to belive he would never return. he was immortal and was cutting off the goldy world. despite losing hope the hunters kept searching. mostly because of thalia. she had never been the same since his dissapearence. and because Artemis was furious that a demigod had managed to evade her for this long. It was like he had dropped off the face of the earth. But not quite. Two years after percys dissapearance, demigods began showing up at camp-half blood seemingly by themselves. the demigods said they were found by a man who helped them travel to camp but refused to enter. people hoped it was percy, but when they asked what this man looked like the were dissapionted. they said he has brown hair and dark eyes. nothing like what thier long lost percys features were. After the first dozen demigods showed up at camp accompinied by this mysterious man, the gods began to wonder who he was and why he was rescuing demigods. the man had even been able to bring three girls into the hunters camp un-noticed. vanishing before the hunters realized that the man had left a new recruit in thier camp. something that infuriated artemis immensly. when artemis questioned the girls, they would explain that the man would show up and rescue them. And in doing so killing almost all of thier abusers in a horrible way. when asked for a description the grils would smile and say that he was nice and caring like a big brother. when described they gave the same description as the campers. Brown hair and dark eyes. the only clue to his identity was the name alex. And despite how angry she was with this man had managed to sneak into her camp un-noticed, she also held a considerable amount of respect for the girls stories the man dealt fates to abusers more violently than she did. Zeus ordered that the man be found and brought to olympus for questioning. and despite thier best efforts neither the hunters nor any god sent could find this man. he was an enigma. he appeared when needed but vanished when looked for. The hunters were currently tracking Enchidna and the Chimera and were currently a little ways out of chicago. They were traveling when they were ambushed by a small army of monsters,consisting of cyclops,dracaena,empousa and hellhounds. a number of hunters were injured when they were caught by suprise. the remaining hunters tried to protect the wounded , but were being overwhelmed by sheer numbers. Thalia was firing arrows as fast as she could but the monsters kept closing the distance. as she fired , she didnt see the cyclops sneaking up to her left. Artemis noticed but couldnt get thier in time. Thaili turned just in time to see the cyclops raise its club to squish her, as she braced for the impact she closed her eyes. The strike never came. sshe opened her eyes and saw the cyclops turn to dust ,with a black arrow in its forehead. thalia turned to see monsters being picked off by black arrows as soon as they came within ten feet of the hunters. she looked right to see a man walking calmly out of the forest and firring arrows at a speed that rivaled even artemises. The monster army seemed to notice this new threat and sent a wave of monsters at him. he stopped firing