Disclaimer: No copyright infringement intended. Everything belongs to its respectable owners. Timeline: The storyline mingles and crosses between the end of the third age when Elrond finally left Middle-earth in September 3021, and the occurrences of the year when Celebrían left Middle-earth in 2510. There is no date on when precisely she left, so I chose May. A/N: Finally I have begun this journey on my first multi-chapter Lord of the Rings story. I expect it will be about five to six chapters. If you haven't guessed already I'm not Tolkien, unless he's a twenty-something-year-old female university student. I don't write like Tolkien, and I'm not even going to attempt to write like Tolkien. Instead of trying to imitate Tolkien's style I have decided to approach this with my own words. My approach will be from a more emotional point of view. I realize that this has been done a few times, but I hope I'm bringing something new and original. The flashbacks are a bit askew, that is, I tend to go back and forth a bit, but I put them were they're important for the main plot, so I hope that there won't be any confusion there. I will put dates on appropriate places. The lyrics below belong to an amazing song by Paper Route. This song became one of my main inspirations for this story. I hope that you will enjoy this story. I expect to update the next chapter very soon. Thank you for reading. Never Let Me Go ~IIXXII~ I hear something out there calling my name. No matter where I turn it all looks the same. I never sleep at night, I just stay up and wait. But the burning in my blood never came. Will I know it? Will I know it? Will I know it when I see it? Will I know it? Will I know it? Will I know it when you're here? I need you now, I need you more than ever before, before. I need you now, I need you more than ever before, before. I know that where I am is not who I should be. The devil takes my hand and says child come with me. My body shivers and aches. I can't break free. Why do the things I hate come so naturally? Will I know it? Will I know it? Will I know it when I see it? Will I know it? Will I know it? Will I know it when you're here? I need you now, I need you more than ever before, before. I need you now, I need you more than ever before, before. I need you now, I need you more than ever before, before. I need you now, I need you more than ever before. When we see the light when we're going home. We'll dance on our graves with our bodies below. We'll sing glory and Hallelujah. - Dance on Our Graves , by Paper Route ~IIXXII~ -Chapter One- Ethereal 1. May, T.A. 2510 . The starless night was filled with silence, as if the entire inhabitants of the valley had fallen into an adjourned silence. Even the magnificent waterfalls seemed to fall silent, and the natural elements had frozen in place. The night itself seemed to stretch onwards on a slower speed, capturing the very last moment of the Lady's presence in the valley. Not a single sound emerged from the Last Homely House. The halls were lit with occasional candle but otherwise everything was cast in darkness. The only light provided from the bright light of ithil. A slither of light fell into the dark bedchamber. A shadow curved around two figures. They lay together in their shared bed facing each other, their foreheads mere inches apart but never touching. The night was still, the soft breeze slid through the window, stirring the silk curtains, carrying the scent of pine and roses into the dark bedroom. Her silver hair cascaded down her back and on the soft mattress, the light from the moon bringing out the twinkling silver in her hair. It was the only light that radiated around the maiden, her former glow had faded, her creamy white skin had degraded to a dull grey sheen that showed the turmoil she had been through. She was a withering flower still hanging on the stem but barely so, and the mere whisper of a breeze could sweep the petals away until there was nothing left. The elven lord opposite her watched his beautiful wife somberly. He looked like her complete opposite. His dark hair framed strong features that showed the youth of a warrior in his prime and the torment of a man who had suffered too much pain in his life. His breath felt warm against her cold skin. Blue eyes blinked slowly, every movement timid and slow as if the mere action took all of her strength. Soft fingertips brushed against her clenched knuckles, and slowly she relaxed into his touch. "I remember when we first met." His soft voice whispered in the air, stirring the silence. "You were the most beautiful creature I had ever beheld." Her blue eyes stared into his stormy grey; a single tear escaped the corner of her eye. "Many years have passed since then, but as long as I live on this earth I will never forget that moment." His voice held the wonder of that moment. Her eyelids closed slowly as her mind carried her to a time long ago, to a time when the worries of the world did not heave her shoulders with the mighty burden it had bestowed upon her. She listened to the soft tenor of his voice as he told her their story. She ignored the voice in her head that told her that he was saying goodbye, and stepped back in time. When she opened her eyes again a great light appeared before her vision, and the dark cold room disappeared into the woods of Rivendell in spring. She had never seen anything more beautiful in her life. In those times the world was much different. It was full of dangers and one couldn't be too sure of the future, but when she saw the beautiful valley she knew that there was still something untouched from the darkness. She knew that there was still hope. That day she had seen her father for the first time in a long time and nothing seemed to taint her happiness. Her family was finally whole and that was something to celebrate. She felt a heavy burden lift off her shoulder when she saw the telltale silver hair of her father. "Adar," Celebrían cried out. Her silver tresses flew back as she rode forward on her mare to greet her father. It was hard to miss his tall frame and the silver tresses that were unmistakably his. He cried out when he saw them and practically ran towards them. Celebrían jumped off her horse and flew into her father's arms. She laughed and cried as he held her against him. "Adar." "My dearest Celebrían." He whispered into her ear. When they finally let go he held her at arms length and studied her proudly. "How I've missed you." He murmured and kissed her cheek. His eyes finally turned to her mother who hadn't uttered a word during the reunion between father and daughter. Celebrían could see her father's eyes brighten when they settled on her mother. His love for her was obvious in the depth of his eyes. "Galadriel." He addressed her and bowed his head. Celebrían looked at her mother and father with a mixture of amusement and dread. She wasn't sure how her mother would welcome her father but every doubt was swept away when Galadriel finally stepped into her husband's arms and allowed him to hold her. She knew that her mother was not fond of public display of affection, and it gladdened her heart to see that the love between her parents was stronger than propriety. They finally released each other and gazed into each other's eyes. No words were needed for their understanding and love went deeper than the ocean. Celebrían's eyes drifted from her parents, allowing them their moment and finally looked over the beautiful valley. In wonder she looked at the tall building before her, and marveled at its beauty. Imladris turned out to be nothing what she expected. In the distance she could hear the roar of the waterfalls, and the soft chirp of birds in the trees above. The air seemed sweeter, cleaner and purer than anywhere else. It was truly a wonder to behold. She turned in a circle and stared at the curving architecture. Something caught her eye, a flash of maroon and silver. Stopping in her tracks she stared at the tall figure on the steps. The elf was mantled in a velvet tunic, embroidered with a fine silver thread. Over his shoulder he had, seemingly carelessly, thrown a cloak of fine velvet. His garb showed great status, but his demeanor was calm and approachable. Celebrían's eyes fixated on his chiseled features, and his eyes, which seemed to capture the light from the stars. Hair dark hair flowed down his back, even the smallest ghost of a breeze seemed to stir the fine strands. It was unmistaken who the elf was, for there could be none other but the lord of the valley who could hold such effortless authority. "Mae govannen." His voice was a rich tenor, powerful yet smooth. It carried over the entire yard easily. He bowed before her mother and brushed his lips against her outstretched hand. "I welcome you to Imladris my lady." "Thank you for your hospitality. I see that your reputation has not excelled you." Celebrían felt her father's hand on her arm, and gently tug her forward to greet the venerable lord of Imladris. "Elrond, this is my daughter Celebrían." He stepped forward, placed his hand on his heart and bowed before her. "Tis a pleasure my lady. Welcome to Imladris." Celebrían returned his greeting politely. "The pleasure is mine, my lord." She said. At that moment her eyes met his and suddenly time stood still. The air stilled around them and there was nothing but them. His grey eyes bore into her blue ones. A tingle ran from her neck and down her spine, and she felt as if she was aflame. Her stomach turned as if it were filled with tiny butterflies. Her breath caught in her throat and she felt as if she would become lost in that one moment. A voice carried through the fog and suddenly the world started to turn again. She blinked and tried to regain her composure. "Celebrían." "Yes." She whispered. "Lord Elrond was just asking you a question." She turned to look at her father who looked at her expectantly, though there was a trace of amusement in his eyes. "Oh…" She muttered faintly. "My lady, is everything all right?" This time it was Elrond who addressed her. His voice was like music. Light and soft like the chiming of the wind, but strong and powerful enough to command whole troops of warriors. "She's merely weary after our travels." Galadriel assured him. "Of course. Allow me to show you to your rooms." He walked over to her and offered her his arm. Timidly she took it, and followed him into the house. Dazedly she walked with him into the house, and listened as he told them of the house and its construction. Somehow she found everything he had to say immensely interesting, though when she tried to recall their conversation she didn't seem to remember a single word that had passed between them. His face, however, seemed to have engraved itself in her mind, refusing to let her be. Few evenings later she sat in the bedroom she had been appointed too. She sat on a delicately carved