Disclaimer : I don't own anything. Everything belongs to its respectable owners. Timeline: Sometime between S.A. 1701-1800. There is no specific date on when Galadriel, Celeborn and Celebrían left Imladris. This story happens the same year they left. A/N: I find Elrond and Celebrían's story incredibly intriguing, and longed to add on to their story. I have started an outline for a different story, which will most likely be posted this summer. However I needed a little backstory and added growth to my characterization to make it work so I created this piece. Their love story is so intriguing and I hope I do them justice. Thank you for reading. Remember Me Midsummer's day The meadow was her favorite place. She didn't know why but somehow it brought her a sense of comfort. She loved the way the surrounding trees hovered by as if they were cradling the landscape in an embrace. They brought strength and comfort into the open clearing. She came there when she was unhappy. When it appeared as if the darkness of the world would swallow her up and eat her whole. Here she was safe. Celebrían stood in the middle of the clearing. Her head tilted slightly upwards making her hair flow down her back like a silver waterfall. The sun shone on the silver tresses that were spun with an occasional gold that glinted in the sunlight. A flower crown made of wild summer flowers was intricately woven into her braids on the crown of her head. The warm breeze gently tugged at her dress; a glorious white gown beaded with tiny pearls and trimmed with finest lace. A light blue silk ribbon tied the dress to the back, the tails moving softly in the wind as it caught on the beautiful fabric. Few strands of hair flew in the warm breeze, brushing against delicate features. With her eyes closed she allowed her other senses to feel the forest around her. The nature became alive. The birds chirped happily in the trees, and she could hear the wind drift through the leaves. She felt the earth's solid comfort under her bare feet, the tall grass tickling her ankles. Taking in a deep breath her nostrils filled with the scent of the surrounding trees, the mossy grass and the variety of wild flowers. It smelled like home. At the thought her mind snapped out of its reverie and she was forced back into the trail of thought she so desperately fought to ignore. Sky blue eyes shot open; their depths devoid of their usual joy and were now filled with sadness and desperation. " It's time ." Her mother's words echoed in her mind. "We have tarried long enough. It's time for us to explore other grounds." Celebrían sighed in frustration and brushed away the angry tears that spilled down her cheeks. How could they expect her to be happy of their decision? How could they demand of her to leave the only place she felt safe, the only place she wanted to be? It wasn't ladylike to beg, but this time she had been on the verge. They must have known that her heart dwelled here. They must have known that by asking her to leave they were tearing her heart out of her chest. Her heartbeat quickened as if it suspected its impending doom. How could they ask her to leave him? How could they…. "Celebrían." She gasped and twirled around quickly. Her heart stopped for a minute at the sight before her. Rarely had she seen anything so beautiful, and she ignored the voice in her head that told her that this would be the one of the last times she would see such a sight. Dark hair stirred with the breeze like a finely woven silk, dusting against high cheekbones. Silver-grey eyes like starlight on water rested on hers calmly. The sun shone on his beautiful face, softening the slight crease on his brow. "Elrond." He stood tall and regal before her, the noble features of his line evident in his fair face. He had delicate fairness of the elves mixed with the sturdy resilience of men, and something else that made him unlike anyone else. In her eyes he was the most beautiful being she had ever encountered. "I thought I might find you here." He murmured as he crossed the short distance between them. She merely nodded her head and tried to ignore the whirlwind of butterflies in her stomach. The utter joy of seeing him was suddenly shadowed by the terrible news she had just received. "Celebrían, what is the matter?" He asked worriedly and brought his hand to her face. "You have been crying." He murmured as he dried off her tears with his thumb. Celebrían looked down and drew in a shuddering breath. How could she explain her ordeal to him? She couldn't help but think whether he would care at all. Of course he would, wouldn't he? This was all so confusing, so numbingly complicated that all she could do was look at the ground and try to sort out her jumbled thoughts. Long fingers tucked under her chin and raised her head up. Her blue eyes looked into his grey ones and for the first time she could see what was hidden in the grey depths. Understanding. Suddenly she didn't feel so angry anymore. His gaze showed her his understanding, his kindness and compassion. "The lady Galadriel and lord Celeborn have informed me of their plans. Is that why you're so upset?" She nodded her head, not trusting her voice to speak or else she would break down. "I understand that change can be difficult. Perhaps it will bring temporary pain, but in the future you might find that staying here would have caged you. You will have new opportunities in Belfalas. Opportunities you don't have here." "How can you say such a thing?" "I bear great respect for your parents, and I know that they would not have taken such a decision without much contemplation." She wanted to cry. She wanted to run away and escape the horrible pain of leaving him. How could he take this news so lightly? "I will be sorry to see you go." He admitted, and Celebrían felt as if she would crumble right then and there. The conflict in her heart was clouding her judgment and she tried to gather her wits. "I will be too." Elrond smiled sadly and tucked a strand of hair behind her ear. Time seemed to stand still as they stood there. Their eyes met and in those eyes were portrayed their deepest feelings, their deep regret that she was leaving. How she wanted to tell him her feelings. She felt as if her heart might burst. And oh, how she wanted him. She had never wanted anything so much in her entire life. Celebrían opened her mouth slightly; the words were right on the tip of her tongue. How easy it would appear to say those three words, but now they seemed the hardest words she would utter in her life. "I-" They said the word at the same time and both of them stopped abruptly at the same time. Elrond looked down and laughed half-heartedly. "I'm sorry, you first." "No, you should…" "No, I really…it wasn't important." He said quickly. They both fell silent. Suddenly the whole situation felt awkward. "I don't want to leave." She finally said. "I love the valley. I love to stay here. I love…" She looked at him and tried to convey her meaning to him. I love you. For a moment it was as if he had read her mind. His grey eyes seemed to brighten for a moment. It was as if he put down his carefully built up walls and for just a moment she could see through his façade. Then it was gone and he turned his head to the side. "You will be sorely missed Celebrían. Our valley will feel the loss of your presence." She tried to hide her disappointment. He had built up his defenses so they were impossible to break. Elrond was terribly difficult to read. He was always pleasant to everyone, always kind and gracious but never personal. He had only once spoken of his family to her and ever since then he had been careful to tread from such conversations. Celebrían wondered whether he could ever love someone. Whether he could share his deepest thoughts and dreams, especially with her. Perhaps he thought her too naïve. Perhaps she wasn't wise enough. Celebrían tried to shake off those unwanted thoughts and tried to conjure up a smile. "Will you write to me?" She asked him curiously, masking her distress with playfulness. He looked at her then and she could see his eyes glimmer with an emotion she couldn't quite place. "Of course," he laughed. "Only if you promise to write to me in return." Her heart hammered in her chest at his words. She tapped her cheek, feigning deep contemplation. "Hmm, we'll see." She dodged away as his hands grabbed her and tickled her sides. He was quick and grabbed her before she could run away from him. "I yield. I yield!" She cried out. He laughed and ceased his tickling. She drew in deep breaths and looked at him with flushed cheeks. Suddenly she was aware how close they were. How his strong hands rested on her waist, just below her ribs. She also realized that one of her hands grasped the sleeve on his shirt while the other one rested on his chest. His steady heartbeat drummed under her palm, and she could feel the hard muscles under the soft fabric. She blushed and drew her hands away. "I'm sorry." She mumbled. Elrond merely looked at her with a gaze that took her breath away. His head was inches away from hers. So close that she could feel his warm breath on her face. Her lips parted slightly, and for a moment she thought that he would kiss her. Instead he bent his head towards her ear. She shivered by the close proximity they were in. "I will miss you, Celebrían." He breathed into her ear. "I will miss you too," she murmured back, "very much." He smiled slightly, and leaned down to kiss the top of her head. She almost cried out when he stepped back and broke the moment. "I'm sorry, my lady, but I must leave for the house. I have important matters to attend to. I trust I'll see you this evening?" "This evening?" He raised an eyebrow and smiled that secret smile of his. That smile he preserved only for her. It was so rare to see him smile so but when he did the whole world seemed to warm up in temperature. "For the midsummer's festival. Surely you haven't forgotten." "Oh, of course not. I'll see you then." He bowed and turned to leave. Celebrían watched his retreating form and finally let out a breath she had been holding. She leaned up against a nearby tree and stared absentmindedly at the blue sky. She had come to the meadow to clear her mind and now she was even more confused than she was before. Some moments it appeared as if he returned her affection but then he would retreat abruptly, leaving her dazed and confused. It didn't matter anymore though. She was leaving and telling him her feelings wouldn't change a thing. It was a horribly tragic ending to something that could have been beautiful. How her heart ached for him, for his touch, his love. She swallowed back the lump in her throat and suppressed the trembling of her lips. She took a deep, cleansing breath. This cannot go on Celebrían . She berated herself. You are strong and confident. You can do this. She laughed at her silly thoughts and started to walk in the same