Disclaimer: I own nothing. Everything belongs to J.R.R. Tolkien. Timeline: Shortly after the death of Elros Tar-Minyatur in SA 442. A/N: I have to say that this story had a mind of its own. Murky, and grey winter days are not exactly friendly to a poor fanfiction writer like me who would much rather crawl into bed and stay there until spring. Then suddenly I had this story popped out of nowhere and wouldn't leave my mind until I actually sat down and wrote it. There was actually a very specific event that got the wheels of my mind to turn and conjure up a very vivid image that simply had to be put down on paper. That specific event happened when I was watching the trailer for The Book Thief, and a quote from there reminded me strangely of Elrond and Celebrían. Therefore I must say that the specific quote, which I believe is not from the book, became the main backdrop for this particular story. Strictly speaking this story isn't canon. If you have read my story Remember Me then you know how my canonical vision of their early relationship is. You might be wondering why on earth I'm writing another story that might contain a similar concept. The main reason is that I have always had this lovely vision of Elrond and Celebrían meeting when they were much younger than they were when they canonically met each other for the first time. I hope this will bring a somewhat original twist to their love story, and though it's not strictly canon timeline wise it could still function within a canonical timeframe later on. I take no credit of the title. The title is from the song Little Talks by Of Monsters and Men. I truly hope you enjoy this, and feel free to leave a review and tell me what you think. It would mean a lot to a poor fanfiction writer like me. "There once was a girl who had a friend that lived in the shadows. She would remind him how the sun felt on his skin and what the air felt like to breathe, and that reminded her that she was still alive." Little Talks The city was surrounded by mist. The rain tinted the white stone with grey specks, occasional drops of rain falling from the eaves. People walked to and fro, hoods hiding fair faces from view as they went their way about the cobblestone streets. The ocean was murky grey, the slithering mist floating above the still surface. Magnificent vessels stood still by the docks, barely visible from the open archways of the palace due to the fog that seemed to sweep over the entire city. Celebrían shivered and wrapped her blue cloak tighter around her shoulders. Unconsciously she drew closer to a sturdy pillar as if it would give her a sense of security. Unused to the city life, Celebrían longed for the familiar woods of her home. She missed the chirping song of birds, the beautiful wildflowers in bloom, and the feel of soft grass tickling bare feet as she danced free under the comforting song of the trees. Something strange haunted her, a feeling she couldn't quite place, and it greatly disturbed her. The feeling could be associated with the gloomy weather, though she was sure that it was not so. Heavy silence wrapped around her, choking her with fear that spread from her spine and up to the base of her neck. It made her heart heavy with foreboding. "What are you pondering over so seriously, young one?" Not sensing anyone approaching Celebrían jumped up and looked at the intruder. She laughed and heaved a sigh of relief when she saw the familiar face. "I apologize, did I startle you?" The slight twinge of lips, and sparkle in vibrant grey eyes dictated humor by the mere notion. "Yes you did." She squared her shoulders and drew herself up to her full height, though her head just about reached his shoulders. She squared her jaw and made her best impersonation of her mother. "I am most displeased by your behavior. Tis no good treating a lady in such a way. No wonder your hand is bound to no elleth for no lady in her right mind would tolerate such vile manners, King or no." A silence fell over them, and Celebrían started to wonder whether she had overstepped her boundaries, then the King threw his head back and laughed, the sound bouncing off the walls. He clutched his heart in theatrics and mockingly appeared hurt by her words. "I have been duly reprimanded. I apologize, my lady." Celebrían who had laughed at his reaction ceased her laughter and put up a detached facial expression, her nose slightly titled up in the air. "Since you are the king I fear that I am forced to accept your apology." Gil-galad shook his head and laughed at her antics. "I deem your parents await us in the parlor. Shall we?" He led her from the balcony in the direction of the open doors and into the tastefully decorated parlor. They rounded a corner and spotted the distinct figures of her parents. They seemed deep in conversation when they entered, their serious expressions fading as they approached. "I see that you have found our adventuresome daughter." Galadriel put a hand on her daughter's head, and adjusted a loose strand of hair. "Your daughter is simply delightful. She has grown into a fine lady since I last saw her." "I was but an elfling." Celebrían responded, and rolled her eyes. "A very energetic elfling might I add." Celeborn said fondly, pride evident in his voice. "Shall we go to dinner? You must be hungry after your journey." Gil-galad led them through the halls of his home. Celebrían followed close behind, her eyes taking in the grandeur of her surroundings. Meanwhile Gil-galad spoke softly with her parents, his serious demeanor a far cry from his previously vivacious manner. Snippets of their conversation reached Celebrían's unobtrusive ears, and she paid their words little attention. "…Refuses to leave his rooms. I fear for him." "May we speak with him?" "He refuses to speak with anyone. I requested his presence at dinner, however…" Celebrían walked onwards, azure eyes traveled across the pointed arches. Fleetingly she thought she saw a figure pass by the periphery of her vision. Quickly she turned her gaze to the side, and peered her eyes into the darkness. Her slim hand touched the cool stone of the pillar; her head leaning forwards turning from side to side, but there was no one there. Shaking her head Celebrían decided that it was merely a figment of her imagination. Dinner was pleasant. They shared their uneventful journey to Lindon, and reminisced tales and memories of past times. After dinner Celebrían headed to her appointed chambers where she finally found sleep in a comfortable bed for the first time in weeks. In her dreams she saw strange creatures that whispered terrible things in her ear. She was completely trapped, unable to move a muscle, and in the darkness there were hands and faceless creatures descending upon her. Celebrían woke up in cold sweat, her heart racing in her chest. Shivering she sat up in bed and rubbed her eyes tiredly. She grabbed her robe of violet silk and white lace and tied the sash around her waist. Her feet carried her to the open window where the sheer curtains drifted lazily with the cool breeze. Closing her eyes Celebrían tried to calm her racing heart. The cascading hair of silver stirred with the cold breeze that carried the distinct smell of the ocean. Still her heart found no peace. Deciding that a walk would do her good she turned around and walked across the room. She opened the door slowly and peaked out, but there was nothing but the deserted hallway. Celebrían slid out of the room and closed the door quietly behind her. The cool air cleared her head from ill thoughts, and she found that the walk eased her heart. Nothing but the sound of her dress rustling against the floor disturbed the still night. She stopped by the open balcony, and watched the cloudy sky above. Longing for the stars her eyes tried to depict any sign of them behind the murky clouds, but there were none to be found. A faint sound disturbed her ears, barely detectable if it weren't for the silence of the night, yet still there. Celebrían drew a deep breath and turned her head to the side. The feeling that someone was watching her washed over her once more. Cold fear ran up her spine, making the small hairs on the base of her neck rise. Heart racing in her chest Celebrían braced herself and turned around quickly. Her heart stopped in her chest when she spotted a shadow by the pillar. Wide silver grey eyes stared back at her, unblinking, and sharp in the darkness. She was completely ensnared in their depths. She wasn't sure why, but she found that those eyes could stare into her soul. Exposed and afraid she blinked and turned her gaze away. When she looked again the shadow was gone. "Celebrían?" Celebrían cried out when she felt a hand on her shoulder and spun around only to find her father standing there, a bewildered expression on his usually calm face. "My dearest daughter, what is the matter?" "I-I thought I saw someone." Celebrían's hand rose and pointed at the spot. "There, in the shadows." Celeborn's gaze fell on the pillar and shook his head. "There is no one there." "But I saw…I swear that someone was there." Celebrían insisted her voice shaking. "Let us go there and take a look." Celeborn walked her over to the pillar and peered behind it, his head turning back and forth. "See, there is nothing here but darkness." "It must have been my imagination. I could not sleep, and decided that a walk might do some good." Celebrían explained numbly. She buried her face in her father's chest, and breathed in his familiar scent. A soothing hand ran through the silver locks, and brought her peace and calm. "Do not fear the darkness for it is not always evil. Try to find sleep, I will watch over you this night if you wish." Together they walked to her chambers, and under her father's watchful guard she found sleep at last. The following weeks passed quickly. Despite the horrid rain she found it best to occupy her time with exploring the city and the great palace. Gil-galad was a most pleasant host, and she took great liking to him for his charm and quick-witted humor. Yet she found that there was something that lay heavy on his mind, and her parent's words on the matter were scarce and barely informative at all. They were keeping something away from her, and she was determined to know what it was. The rain pounded on the roof above her head, drowning the soft echo of her shoes as she walked down the hallway in the private wing. Carrying a book in one hand Celebrían walked through the now familiar passageways. Soft voices made her stop short in her step. Blue eyes drifted through the hallway, but there was no one to be seen. Yet she was sure that it was someone speaking, and the voice sounded very familiar to her. Curiously she walked further down the hallway, and noticed for the first time a door that stood ajar. She must have walked the same route many times a day but she had never seen that particular door before. Celebrían gathered her skirt in one hand, and walked slowly to the door and peeked inside. The room was dimly lit, heavy curtains drawn tightly shut over tall windows, the sole light coming from a single lamp that stood on an ornately