Disclaimer: I own nothing. Everything belongs to its respective owners. I am merely borrowing. A/N: Sometimes I have ideas, some big and some small, of moments between Elrond and Celebrían that don't really have any place within any of my full-length fics or other writings. I decided that it would be best to put them under one 'story' if you will. These will be individual short stories that have no particular connection to each other than they regard one of my favorite fictional couples. Some might have some connection because I really like to keep consistency within all my stories, but they can span from the very first time they saw each other and until, well until the end of everything. Sometimes one chapter might include more than one short story, depending on their length. I really enjoy writing these two and I hope it will bring you some enjoyment as well. I decided that it would be quite fitting to begin at the very beginning. This story is about the very first time Elrond laid eyes on Celebrían and his first impression on her. If, by any chance, you have read my story Never let me go I wrote there the first meeting from Celebrían's point of view. This is not the same version as in that story since my view of these events have changed since then. Please feel free to review, and I sincerely hope that you enjoy! Inspiration: Letters by Abel Korzeniowsky from the W.E. soundtrack. Infinity I -First Impressions- "He stepped down, trying not to look long at her, as if she were the sun, yet he saw her, like the sun, even without looking." -Leo Tolstoy, Anna Karenina 17 th July, S.A. 1700 White blossoms twirled lazily from the canopy of trees, the branches swaying and twining together above the fair company of travelers. The hoofs of the tall horses stirred the dry earth, stones and gravel tumbling down the steep slopes. Mist shimmered over the valley below, sinking just below the treetops of the surrounding woodland. Wildflowers sprung from the tall grass, the petals swaying under the drops of morning dew. Sunrays glowed on the fair-haired beings, light armor glimmering under fluttering cloaks of grey. In the forefront a golden haired lady sat astride a white mare, shimmering blue eyes transfixed on the narrow road ahead. He stood on steep stone steps, grey eyes observing the assembly before him as they rode through the glade and into the courtyard. Silver banners of silk bearing the shining emblem of King Amdír of Lórinand fluttered behind the grey-cloaked warriors. He eyed the silver haired lord by his side with concealed amusement. Mouth drawn in a thin straight line, shoulders terse, and the rigid stance belied the undercurrent of emotions in the pale blue eyes as they met those of the golden haired lady who sat tall and straight on her horse. She looked at her husband squarely, defiantly even. Elrond had a faint idea of the cause of their rift, but he was wise enough to keep such thoughts to himself. Unspoken words and emotions passed between the lord and lady, and then suddenly like a cloud drawn from the sun her whole countenance lit up, the corner of her lips curling in a knowing smile. Celeborn however remained completely still though his eyes betrayed his emotions. He broke their gaze when his eyes spotted something in the distance, and a bright smile broke through his terse countenance. Elrond heard her voice before he saw her. "Ada!" Like a chime of sweet bells her voice carried through the distance where the riders were tending to their horses, the one syllable carrying an array of emotions. His gaze caught the sight of Celeborn rushing towards the riders, to one particular rider. And it was then that Elrond first saw Celebrían, daughter of Celeborn and Galadriel. At that moment he felt as if he had been swept in a sweet dream. A maiden of surpassing beauty sat side-saddled on a white mare, face flushed from riding, and eyes blue as crystal waters brimmed with tears of joy and relief. They reminded him of warm summer nights by the ocean, when the sun kissed the surface of the water with a golden glow. With great agility she slid off of her horse, the long silver locks of hair swaying as her feet hit the ground, and with a cry of delight she hurried swiftly into Celeborn's embrace. A pure laughter emitted from the Elf lord, his strong arms lifting her off her feet and twirled her around. Sunrays played about her hair, gilding it with a golden hue, and Elrond found himself hard-pressed to lower his gaze for she shone like the sun, blinding him with her radiance. Celeborn lowered her to her feet, and brushed tears from her cheeks then kissed her forehead. She laughed through her tears and embraced him again. Behind her the Lady Galadriel observed the happy reunion with a small smile on her lips. If one looked closely one could detect intensity around her mouth and the pang of fear in the depth of her eyes, but that could also have been the trick of the eye. When her eyes met those of her husband it seemed that they were frozen in place, communicating well beyond the physical world. Celeborn's arms were still around their daughter but his eyes were focused on his wife, seemingly probing, assessing. This Elrond watched with the outlook of an unobtrusive observer. To an outsider he appeared just as collected as always, his face stern but kind. But while he seemed serene and collected his entire being rode raging seas of emotions. As she eased from her father's embrace he saw that her gaze fell from her parents and towards him, and as their eyes met he felt a spark from his chest radiate through his entire being. At once he found that he could not take his eyes off of her, but at the same time he felt the urge to look away. It was so sudden, this feeling that overcame him, that it knocked him off balance momentarily. Sound and sight faded until there was nothing but her, and he felt that at that moment nothing else mattered but her and him. His stomach fluttered, the blood boiled in his veins and a piece of his heart, the part deep within him that had remained cold and dead for many millennia, suddenly sprung to life. The world collapsed and fell into place at once, and for that single heartbeat he felt whole again. In her eyes he thought he saw something light deep within their blue depths, but he could not be sure for she lowered her gaze and the connection broke. Time rushed past him at an amazing speed. A shuddering breath escaped him and he looked about him to make sure that no one had witnessed this brief lapse. His eyes fell on Celeborn and Galadriel who stood together, hands touching and barely contained smiles on their faces, acceptance and love radiating from them both. They had approached him a little later. He bowed low before Galadriel, and kissed her hand courteously. It had been many years since last they met and so he said to her. As he released the lady's hand his eyes caught a flash of silver in the periphery of his vision. He straightened and schooled his features as Celeborn stood forward, his hand clasped around delicate fingers. He kept his eyes fixed on the Elf lord, though he could feel her presence clearly. But as he stepped forward his gaze fixated on a strand of silver hair caught by the wind and followed its direction as it swept over high cheekbones, to the bridge of a delicate nose and down to the corner of full lips. He swallowed thickly, and focused his gaze on something, anything else than her. So distracted was he that he barely registered that Celeborn was speaking to him and merely caught the last trace of his sentence. "…this is my daughter, Celebrían." His gaze fell on her and he schooled his features. A shy smile appeared on her lovely face as she curtsied. Dutifully he captured her outstretched hand in his and felt a sudden spark ignite with the contact and kissed her hand. He raised his eyes and their gazes locked. When he straightened he at last found his voice. "Welcome to Imladris, Lady Celebrían." The sun had set and the stars twinkled brightly over the quiet valley. There was no sound except for the gentle crackling of fire in the torches and the light footfall that was barely discerned in the silence of the night. Elrond walked down the hallway, head tilted down as he read the scroll he carried in his right hand, the other one clutching a small tattered book. Despite the full attention he gave to the letterings in front of him he was acutely aware of everything around him. Sharp ears detected a faint hum behind one of the closed doors, a hoot of an owl as he passed an open window, and a soft note of a harp. The soft breeze carried the scent of the surrounding trees and wild flowers mixed with the smoky scent of burning log from the glade where he could hear the soft singing. The night had been held in celebration for the new arrivals. In the time of war the welcoming carefree environment of dance and song was most appreciated by the worn travelers. They would sing most of the night, songs of summer and love, peace and prosperity. In the morrow the harsh reality of war would cast its shade upon the valley, but the night was for rejoicing. Though Elrond enjoyed such merriment he could not evade the burden of responsibility and discussed lengthily with the captain of the Lórinand army who brought a message from Amdír. Celeborn and Galadriel had disappeared early, as had their daughter. Knowing that sleep would not come easily that night, much like most other nights, he decided to retreat to his study. Despite the short time of inhabitation he had easily found sanctuary within the halls, crafted with the skill and craftsmanship from the surviving smiths of Eregion. He walked around the now familiar walls of the house and easily found the way to his study, head still buried in the book. He paused by the heavy wooden door and was just about to unlatch the door when he heard a muffled sound from within. Astonished he paused, hand stretched out mid-air, and leaned closer to the door, brows furrowed in curiosity. He thought he heard a sigh, but he couldn't be sure. The crease on his brow deepened when he heard a faint creek and then a quick intake of breath before a loud crashing sound erupted from within the room and the audible sound of something breaking followed by a heavy thud that unmistakably sounded like a hoard of books tumbling on the floor. "Blasted." A musical voice cursed from the other side. He opened the door quickly, eyes twitching searchingly for the one who had invaded his study only to halt mid step, taking in the sight before him with a barely concealed surprise. Everything appeared as he left it that morning, the desk in the left corner in the organized disarray it normally was in, the teacup still parched rather precariously on top of a huge pile of books, scrolls and maps. What caught his gaze was the total disarray of books on the floor; the precious books scattered and sprawled on the hardwood floor. His gaze turned fleetingly upwards to the top shelf of the tall bookcase where he knew they belonged and found that almost the entirety of the books had fallen down, except for one small book of poems that barely clung to the edge of