Disclaimer: I don't own anything. Everything belongs to the brilliant J.R.R. Tolkien, except for the little Edain family who are the product of my imagination. Timeline: T.A. 103 at the winter solstice. Elrond and Celebrían marry in T.A. 109. A/N: I wanted to post this on the 21st, since that is the day of the winter solstice, but I couldn't complete this until today. I wanted to write a little Christmas tale, though this doesn't really involve anything connected to Christmas, besides the joy this time of year brings to people's hearts. I truly hope you enjoy this story, my dear reader, and I hope you have a merry Christmas surrounded by your loved ones. If you don't celebrate Christmas then I hope you have a lovely day. I would really appreciate if you leave a review and tell me what you think. Enjoy. A Winter Tale The fading light of the sun disappeared under peaks of the tall pine trees, offering its last light before darkness ascended. Two children, a boy and a girl, watched the sun disappear by the horizon. They glanced at each other, both smiling cheekily, and started to descend down the snowy hill and to the edge of the snow-laden trees. The girl, whose face was flush from the cold, smiled wickedly and with a quick strike she tapped the boy's hand and yelled. "Tag, you're it!" He faltered in his step, and almost dropped the parcel that was carefully tucked under his arm. "Hey, that's not fair." The boy yelled after the retreating figure. The girl merely giggled and continued to run towards the forest. Quickly the boy started to run after her, his round face flushing from the exertion. His considerably shorter legs couldn't keep up with her, but his wounded pride forced him to push harder, trying desperately to ignore the cold snow seeping down his woolen socks. "Frieda, wait!" He yelled after the girl. She stopped in her tracks, her breath coming out in a puff of clouds. Moss green glinted with mirth, few auburn locks falling out of the two plaits that fell down narrow shoulders. "Giving up, are you?" Frieda challenged. The boy stuck out his tongue and rushed after her giggling back. They wove through the trees, down the snow-covered path. The woods were bathed in the last rays of light before darkness would fall. In the distance by a narrow lake lay a single cottage amidst the tall pine trees. Faint light shone from the windows, and a smoke slithered lazily from the chimney and up into the frosty air. The boy had reached Frieda, and with a well-aimed shove he pushed her to the side. Frieda fell into the snow with a shriek. "Ælfric! You cheat." He merely laughed and dashed towards the small cottage, his sister not far behind. He was just about to reach the house when he felt something wet and hard hit the back of his head, consequently making him falter in his step. Frieda dashed past him, her winter cloak brushing against him. Quickly recovering, Ælfric scrambled up and ran after his sister. Neither of them stopped until they reached the front door, Frieda one step ahead of her little brother. "Ha, I win!" She declared triumphantly. Ælfric made a face, and elbowed his sister in the ribs. "Cheater." He muttered under his breath. "Am not." "Yes, you are." "You pushed me!" "You threw a snowball at me." Neither of them noticed the door open, and a fairly exasperated woman looked upon the two children argue. With a sigh she placed her hands on her hips and glared at the children. "Frieda, Ælfric, that is enough." Both children stopped arguing and looked at their mother sheepishly. "Mama…" Frieda began but her mother stopped her. "Get inside before you catch your death. I would have expected you to behave, as for you," she looked at her son disappointedly. "I'm sorry mama. We will not do this again, promise." "Ælfric." "Yes?" "The parcel?" Ælfric glanced down at the forgotten parcel in his hand, his cheeks blazing as he noted how the formerly neatly wrapped paper was soggy and wet from the snow. "Oh." He mumbled. Momentarily their mother stared them down while the children suddenly found their shoes interesting to look upon. Eventually she sighed and shoved her children inside, helping them out of their soggy clothes. Then she brought them to the hearth and gave them warmed milk to heat their shivering bodies. With a brush in hand she loosened the braids from her daughter's hair and methodically brushed the wet locks, whilst humming a tune she had known from childhood. "I am sorry about the parcel." Ælfric murmured. "It's all right, though I am still quite disappointed that you weren't more careful." "I understand." Nimble fingers brushed through dark hair and rested on one round cheek. "Now dearies. I think you should go to bed." "When will papa come home?" Their mother smiled knowingly and patted her son's cheek comfortingly. "Soon, now get off to bed. Tomorrow there will be winter solstice, do you know what happens then?" "Presents?" She laughed and nodded her head. "Yes, presents, but what does the day represent." There was a pause, Ælfric looked at his sister, searching for answers but she merely shrugged her shoulders. "Why?" "Surely I have told you before." Ælfric looked down sheepishly but didn't give any indication that he wished to indulge further. "All right, I will tell you why, but first you must go to bed." She ushered her children into their cots. She sat on a single chair by their bedsides. "The winter solstice is a celebration of darkness and light." She brought forth a single candle. "This night is the longest night of the year and some believe that magic lies in the air until the sun comes up again." "Once the world was consumed by darkness and there was no moon and no sun." She lit a match and lit the small candle, placing it carefully in a candleholder. "Therefore each year we celebrate the coming of the sun and her growth with each new day, celebrating the light and its defeat on darkness." She stood up and placed the candlestick on the windowsill, her eyes subconsciously gazing outside in search for a familiar figure. "Mama, will you tell us a story?" She turned around and smiled at her son adoringly, and sat herself down on the chair. "What story would you like to hear, dear heart?" "Story of elves." "Ooo, big scary elves from the woods that kidnap you while you sleep." Freida made an ugly face, bending her fingers as if they were claws. "Elves don't do that." Ælfric protested. "How would you know?" Freida asked, and pushed her braid over her shoulder. Ælfric opened his mouth and closed it, then squared his jaw and folded his arms over his chest. "I just know." He sniffed. "Now, now children. This is not a night to be angry at each other." "But Freida said…" "Hush now child. Don't let your sister tease you so." She brushed her hand over his forehead, smoothing his dark hair from his eyes. "I shall tell you a story of the elves, as you wished. And I promise that the elves in my story are quite different from the tales your grandmother tells you." She looked pointedly at Freida who rolled her eyes, though she sat down on the bed next to her brother. Gudrun adjusted the cover over her children, then she began her story. "Your grandmother told me this story when I was a little girl, of the time when her mother, your great grandmother encountered an elf." "Elves don't exist. They're just fairytales." Frieda complained. "Shush darling, am I not the one telling the story?" Frieda rolled her eyes but kept silent. "Now, the story begins at the end of the last age when the world was at war. Darkness surrounded our land; orcs and foul beasts killed everything in their wake. Our ancestors lived in a village not far from here. One day Freyja, your great grandmother, was out walking in the woods, but when she returned she found that the whole village was burning. Darkness had found her home at last. "Afraid, she ran away with nothing but the clothes on her back, and a small haunting knife that had been a gift from her brother. She ran and ran until she couldn't go any further. Lost and afraid she fell on the ground and wept. She wept for the loss of her home, her family and the life she had. Overcome she fell asleep, none but the evening star witness of her grief. She paused, and smiled to herself when she saw tired eyes droop. "What happened next mama?" "When Freyja woke up at last she was surrounded by an unearthly light. It was as if the stars had fallen from the sky and landed on the ground by her side. Soft sounds drifted through the air, and she realized that it was voices joined in a song so beautiful it brought her to tears. Alien voices spoke in a language she didn't understand. Startled she turned to see who had spoken, and before her was a sight she would never forget. "Surrounding her were tall beings, fair of hair, clad in garments of silver and white. One of them approached her, a woman whose beauty surpassed anything she had ever seen. Her hair was silver white, her eyes blue and bright as the summer sky, yet deep and full of wisdom. "Don't be startled child." The being said calmly. "Who are you?" She asked. To her surprise the being laughed, the sound sweet and light. "Who we are does not matter. We traveled her through the woods and saw you sleeping. We feared that you were dead, but we are glad that you are whole and alive." "Luck is what has kept me alive. My village was raided and burned by those foul creatures." "There is no such thing as luck. You were fated to live, as the one wished it to be." The strange being offered her food, and gratefully she accepted their hospitality. They offered her to lead her to the main road; from there on she would have to travel alone. Grateful she traveled amongst these beautiful beings. Once they reached the main road the elf maiden gave her a token, a white gem on a silver chain. "May this guide you in the darkness, and bring you hope." Freyja thanked the lady and watched as they disappeared into the trees. She never saw them again, but in her heart she hoped that she would meet them again." She looked down and saw that her dear children were fast asleep. She bent down and kissed each brow, and snuggled them deeper into the blankets. This would be a cold night. She wrapped her shawl closer, and grabbed the candle from the window. "Mama." The small voice made her turn around and gaze towards the bed. "Yes?" "Do you think that elves exist?" "Aye, my son, of that I am sure." Her son yawned contently and bid her goodnight. She turned around and closed the door silently behind her, pausing slightly by the doorframe. "You should not be telling them these tales." She spun around, and spotted the tall frame of her husband by the dining table. "Why not?" He huffed and stood up, his red hair falling onto his shoulders, his green eyes boring into hers defiantly. "The world is not fairytales, and you shouldn't be filling their heads with such poppycock." "Who are you to say that there is no such thing as elves? Why not dream, and forget, even though it is for a single moment, that there is something purer and greater than ourselves?" "Gudrun, we are struggling as it is. We cannot afford such silly dreams." "Aye