Disclaimer: I don't own anything. Everything belongs to its respectable owners. Timeline: This happens two weeks after Gil-Galad gave Vilya, the ring of air, to Elrond, and few months after Galadriel and Celebrían arrived to Rivendell. A/N: This is a companion piece of ' Remember me' . You don't have to read that story to understand this one. This story came into being as I was writing another story of mine, which will not be posted until this summer. Usually when I start to write stories I create one-shots to gain a better view of my characters. For Elrond and Celebrían I wrote two stories, one from her POV and from his POV. Originally I had a different story in mind but it turned out into something else. I like to believe that this turned out to be a much better story than my original idea. To those who read Remember me, this happens before those events. Thank you for reading. A matter of Duty and Love He loved her the very minute he saw her. It was strange to think that such a thing could have happened to him. He was always so reserved, guarded, and cautious with his feelings. He didn't quite understand how it had happened, or why, but he knew that the moment he saw Celebrían Celeborniel that he had fallen in love with her. There had been something in her eyes that captivated him. Some unspoken kindness and serenity in the depths of those blue eyes that had consumed him. He had always been able to read hearts. A trait many believed had come from his ancestress Melian. The truth was that it was Maglor who had taught him the art. He could still remember that vigorous voice in his ear. He could see his large hand pointing out different mannerisms, characteristics and profiles as he explained the art of reading them. Elrond had always been more sensitive and open to such things than his high-spirited brother. He had no tolerance for such endeavors and much rather engaged in physical activities than the more mentally engaging studies he had favored. Now he could take his brothers actions to heart. Elros had endlessly teased him for his solicitous manner. Saying that he should live his life than dwell in other people's lives. No need to burden yourself with the troubles of others. Elros liked to live in the moment. He was always on the edge, always willing to do new things, to experience the world. Therefore his decision should not have come as a surprise. Elros had always been more spontaneous, inconsiderate and sometimes terribly careless. He was the polar opposite of Elrond, who never did anything without great thought or consideration. It should not have come as a surprise. He should have known, and maybe he did know deep down in his heart that his irrevocably spontaneous brother would choose the fate of men. He should have known, but he didn't. It still pained him to think of him. He could desperately need his help now. He wasn't very good at this. Actually that was an understatement. She had probably no indication of his feelings for her. He didn't know whether to feel proud of his ability to mask his emotions or feel terribly saddened. How Elros would laugh at him. Of course Elros had married on a great moment of impulse. They had only been courting for two years, and engaged for a few months when they got married. Unthinkable really, but then the edain worked in mysterious ways. But his brother wasn't an adan, just like he wasn't an elf. They were peredhil, half-elves, breeds of two different species. Three species if the small drop of Maiar blood was counted. They were unique, and in many ways unnatural. It was disheartening to be considered to be one of a kind. When they were younger they had been stared at, even pointed at, as if they were caged animals for display. He despised it, but Elros hadn't minded as much as him. " Make them watch. I don't care." He had said, and laughed at their simple minds. Ironically Elrond was the one who had chosen the life of the Eldar. He was the one who would be the only peredhel left on this side of the shore. Elrond was broken out of his reverie when a gentle laughter reached his ears. His eyes focused on the garden below. There she sat on her bench by the rose bushes. From his window he had the perfect view on that little spot, and there she spent many moments. It was remarkable how she could sit there for hours, perfectly content with her preoccupation. Sometimes he would find her deeply engrossed in a book, or in a fine needlework, and sometimes he could even see her play some instrument whilst singing to herself. She had the most beautiful voice, and he particularly enjoyed sitting in his study and listen to her fair voice. It was terribly distracting and sometimes he would catch himself daydreaming of her, the parchment in front of him drenched with tiny ink spots. This day she was in company of a handsome ellon. He recognized him as a member of his patrol. A surge of jealousy gripped him with an iron fist but he clenched it down as soon as it came over him. He had no right to engage in such feelings. Clenching his jaw he watched as Celebrían giggled at something the ellon had said. He was yet again reminded of all the things he wanted, but couldn't have. Elros would laugh at him indeed. He could practically hear his bubbly laughter in his ears. He could almost feel a strong arm grasp his shoulder and tell him to go straight to Celeborn and ask him for permission to court his daughter. And he could also envision himself falling for his persuasive words. All he needed was a push from his brother and he would find courage to do such unspeakable things, such as ask Lord Celeborn himself whether he could court his daughter. Preposterous. He could not do it. He would not do it. Elros had passed beyond the circles of this world and his words would never reach his ears again. "Elrond." A bright voice streamed from the door. Too bad that Elros was not the only one who could persuade him to do unthinkable things. "Glorfindel," he turned from the window and greeted his friend. Glorfindel stepped into the room appearing like a ray of sunshine. Hair like melted gold cascaded to his shoulder blades. Blue eyes like a summer sky glimmered with a hint of mischief and unmistakable delight. His skin seemed to glow from within as if his inner light could barely contain itself. A slightly crooked smile played on his lips revealing perfectly white teeth. He was Glorfindel the Balrog-slayer reborn, and he was his best friend. Coincidentally he was also his self-proclaimed protector who had sworn an oath to the highest power to protect him. Elrond had been mortified when he stepped into Gil-Galad's halls and expressed his sincerest wish to stand by his side until he would pass to the blessed land. It was a dreadful affair, but after a shaky start he finally came to terms with the situation. It turned out to be impossible to ignore the golden haired one. In fact he had been so insistent to acquaint with him that he was left with no other choice but to interact and socialize with the stranger. Two things he did not do under any circumstances. Eventually he had become his most trusted advisor, companion and friend. Something he had greatly underestimated before he had met the jubilant elf lord. "Fair morning." Glorfindel said and smiled warmly. "Indeed." Elrond frowned and glared at his friend who seemed a bit too innocuous for his liking. "What exactly is on your mind my friend?" Glorfindel looked at him with a smile a bit too bright, and shrugged his shoulders. "Nothing at all." "Mhmm." Glorfindel's mouth popped open, his eyebrows raised up, in a show of feigned ignorance. "Come now Glorfindel. You are up to something, and I am usually the victim of such endeavors. Don't look away from me." He pointed towards Glorfindel who had darted his eyes from his." I'm on to you." Glorfindel's smirk did not go unnoticed by Elrond. He seemed a little bit too innocent to his liking. Glorfindel had been hovering by a little bit too much for his liking, as if he had something to say to him but always left with questions hovering in the air. It was almost as if he was expecting him to speak first. "I'm not up to anything. I promise you." Elrond peered his eyes and tilted his head to the side in suspicion. Glorfindel raised his arms in a sign of truce. "Honest." Elrond merely rolled his eyes. Glorfindel grinned and leaned against a sturdy bookshelf. The study was silent for about a minute. That was almost too much for Glorfindel who was starting to stare at his nails for any distraction. It was a commonly known fact that Glorfindel couldn't stay silent or inactive for too long. He finally gave up and walked over to Elrond who stood silently by the window. "I heard that the lady Celebrían likes to spend her mornings in this particular garden." "Yes. It's especially pleasant this time of the year. I don't doubt that she enjoys to watch the garden come to live after such a tedious winter." "Yes, but there are plenty of gardens in the valley. You don't suppose she favors this garden over the others for some particular reason, do you think?" Elrond looked at him directly and gave him a nasty glare. He knew what he was trying to do, but that didn't mean that it was appreciated. "No, I don't know. Perhaps she favors the roses better here, or a particular spot is more pleasant than the other. If you are so curious of her affairs I suggest you ask her." Glorfindel's smile merely widened at his words. "Defensive are we? Is there something about our conversation that vexes you?" "If you have something to say then say it to me directly. I don't want to participate in your petty little games." "Whatever do you mean Elrond? No need to be so touchy. I'm merely curious of the tidings of the Lady Celebrían. Surely she has received your attention." Elrond glared at him, and tried his best to ignore the widening smirk on Glorfindel's face. "She is most fair if that is your point." "Yes, she's most pleasant to look at. I see that your gaze has been directed to her a whole lot lately." "I have not shown her any more attention than my other guests. She is the daughter of very important people whom I hold in highest regard." "And the fact that she is highly endearing, lovely, witty and unbelievably charismatic does not play part in your interest at all?" "Hmm, it sounds as if your quite infatuated, my friend." Glorfindel's smile faltered a bit, his eyes widening slightly. He had not expected that. Then something sparked in his eyes, something that set alarm bells in Elrond's mind. "You are right Elrond. I am quite infatuated with her." He stepped slowly towards him, a dangerous glint in his eyes. "In fact I am planning on asking Celeborn whether I can court her? I was wondering whether you would like to join me. You know, to give me moral support." Elrond's face had turned ashen in moments. His hand twitched on his side. Clenching his knuckles to prevent him from grasping the nearest weapon, Elrond managed to put a pleasant smile on his face. From time to time his diplomatic skills did come in handy outside the council chambers. "Of course." Glorfindel's face fell, his