Harry Potter and the Hallows of Death Author's Notes: This is Post HBP and will follow canon as closely as possible, with some of my own twists and turns relating to DH. The Horcruxes will go unchanged, as will all events from HBP and prior. As the title suggests, the Deathly Hallows will also remain a central point of the back story of Albus. There is no character bashing, especially Albus Dumbledore, for reasons explained later. The focus of this story however, is the relationship between Harry and Hermione, the love that should have been. The relationship will be developed slowly – nurtured and intentional. As was the case with HBP, Ron and Hermione are not in a relationship and never will be. The story picks up before the start of DH, after the funeral of Albus Dumbledore. I hope you enjoy it as much as I enjoy writing it. I don't know how long the story will end up being, but I am anticipating it to be a long one. As a self-published author, this undertaking is truly for my own personal satisfaction. Lastly, as rating goes, I don't prescribe to graphic details regarding sexual adventures; things are alluded to, certainly, but I'm more interested in the depth of the relationship. There will also be violence, death, and difficult emotions. Thus, I feel it appropriate that a T rating is sufficient. Please let me know should that change. Disclaimer: I do not own Harry Potter, or any other property as owned by JK Rowling, whom I and countless adults and children owe the love of reading and writing. This story is for my own enjoyment. Chapter One: The Boy Under the Stairs Harry Potter had always dreaded the end of term at Hogwarts as it always reminded him he would soon be in the company of those who wished he had never been born. He had always enjoyed his time at the Burrow and while the abundant love he had received there often overwhelmed him, Hogwarts was home. He had to admit likewise that leaving Hogwarts was especially difficult for no other reason than the separation between himself and his two best friends. Yet, Harry had to admit while he mindlessly allowed himself to be guided towards the platform where the Hogwarts Express awaited; Hogwarts was not home without Albus Dumbledore. It was difficult enough as images of Snape casting the killing curse played over and over in his mind; harder still was wrestling the heavy truth that he, Harry, had played his own part in weakening his beloved headmaster and even harder to acknowledge he had been unable to help. The power that Dumbledore had repeatedly tried to convince Harry was greater than any magic known was the very power that Harry wished he had none at all. Dumbledore had told him that his ability to feel pain was his greatest strength - he had never felt more helpless in his life. It had hurt when Sirius died; what he experienced now was torture. He knew he was on the verge of collapse. He knew his resolve was weakening with every step toward the platform. He had told no one where he and the headmaster had been that night. How could he? To Harry, he killed Albus Dumbledore as much as Draco and Snape had. In fact it was far worse; he had forced the headmaster through unknowable pain and misery. At least Snape had been merciful. Dumbledore had not suffered. Hermione Granger had likewise found it difficult to pay attention during the funeral. It was unlike her, to be inattentive to what would undoubtedly be the greatest memorial gathering of any celebrated wizard in her lifetime. Rather, she had observed Harry intently through the service. She saw something in Harry she had never seen before; despair. She would bet her life on it and would defy anyone who thought they knew better. She knew her friend better than anyone, even Ronald Weasley. Despair had never graced the young Gryffindor's face. Ron had of course been completely oblivious to his friend's state of mind, as likely did Ginny despite being right beside him. Harry had been tight-lipped about what happened between him and the headmaster before arriving at the astronomy tower. Harry had admitted the headmaster had been weakened. Knowing Harry as she did, she wondered if guilt was not at the source. And she knew without doubt as she watched Harry fumble absent-mindedly with the fake horcrux locket Dumbledore had ultimately given his life to attain, that Harry believed himself at fault for his death. She would not press Harry for the details of that night but she was determined to let him know that she would be there for him when he was ready. She only hoped he wouldn't wait until he could hold the burden no longer. But if the despair she witnessed in Harry's face was not enough, she had watched from afar the serious conversation Harry was having with Ginny. She knew what the heart of that conversation would be without hearing it. He was ending things between them. She admired Harry, even though she knew it only caused him heartache to break from Ginny. He was a true Gryffindor. She didn't need the proof of Godric's sword to know it. The trio boarded the train and found a compartment at the rear of the last car. Ginny had understandably followed closely behind but Harry quickly dismissed her in the all the kindness he could muster. "I'm sorry, Ginny, but I need to speak with Ron and Hermione in private," said harry. Ginny gave him a sorrowful expression, followed almost immediately with disappointment. Harry knew he'd hurt her but willed himself to be strong. Harry closed the compartment door and swiftly cast a silencing spell to ensure no one could hear their conversation. "You can't keep her away, mate," said Ron. "I know Dumbledore didn't want people to know anything about the horcruxes, but Ginny is your girlfriend. You can tell her without going into detail." "We're not dating anymore, Ron," said Harry. Ron's jaw dropped. "Harry, why?" he asked dumb-founded. "When did that happen?" "At the funeral" answered Harry. He struggled with next bit. "I don't think it's wise for me to date anyone. They'll end up dead. I'll probably end up dead." Hermione looked away and out the window as the train started its slow departure. She could not meet her friend's eyes as he said those words. She knew her heart would shatter if that fate were to come to pass. She felt her resolve strengthen to make sure that never happened, even at the cost of her own life. She turned back to Harry. He had certainly made up his mind. As before, Ron was oblivious. "Harry you'll never be happy if you let You-Know-Who determine how you live your life," said Ron adamantly "Ronald," Hermione scolded, putting an elbow into his rib. "Come on, Hermione, tell him," said Ron. "You don't think Harry's just being thick and paranoid?" "No, I don't," said Hermione. "I think it's admirable, but more importantly, his decision to make." "Bloody hell," exclaimed Ron, beside himself. "I guess if I'm honest I suppose I'm glad that she won't be in the middle of it. She'll be a right mess when we leave. So will mum, come to think of it." In that moment, Harry dropped his face into his hands and let out a deep sigh of relief. "Are you alright, Harry," asked Hermione. She placed her free hand on his shoulder. "No," he answered to the floor, surprised by his own honesty. Hermione at this point disengaged herself from her seat next to Ron and sat beside Harry, embracing him tightly with both her arms. She knew Harry would collapse at any moment. And he did. "I – I don't want you to come with me," he said, choking back tears. "I'd ne-never live w-with myself if anything ha-happened to either of you." Hermione felt her eyes swimming in tears as she glanced to Ron, who at last appeared to finally come to grips with his best friend's motives for breaking away from his little sister. "It's alright, Harry," began Hermione as she held him tighter, but harry shook his head defiantly. "Dumbledore's dead because he was trying to help me," said Harry, his voice on the edge of tearing. "Sirius is dead because he tried to protect me. My parents are dead because Voldemort wanted me." He looked up at them both, eyes burning and chest pounding; he had to make them understand. "I never knew my parents, but Sirius and Dumbledore meant everything to me. And they still don't come anywhere close to what you two mean to me." He had said it. He had told them he loved them in the only way he knew how too. Saying the words themselves was too dangerous. "That's enough, Harry," said Hermione, trying to comfort him. But Harry wasn't finished. "All I could see where your caskets out there, that I was the one burying you," continued Harry. He couldn't stop himself. He turned first to Ron. "I saw your family gathered around you, telling them how sorry I was. It hurt just imagining it, and I don't want to experience it firsthand." He turned to Hermione. "And you, I had to tell your parents too. I told them you died because we were friends, because I couldn't protect you. I had to tell your parents their only daughter was dead because she was friends with me. It was torture. I want to die just thinking about it. I won't have it, either of you. You're not coming with me." For a moment, Harry thought he'd gotten through. They both stared at him, eyes wide with disbelief. A moment later, the side of his head was searing in pain. Hermione rose from her seat with surprising agility and smacked him across the cheek with more strength than Harry could have thought possible from his friend. She then grabbed him just as quickly with both hands at the collar so they were face to face, his eyes staring into the deep brown of hers, as full of tears as his own. "Harry Potter, you listen to me," she said in ringing tones. "How do you think we feel, how I feel, if you were to die because we weren't there for you? Has it ever crossed your mind? How do you think we'd feel to be the ones burying you? Do you think Sirius wanted to bury you? Or Dumbledore? Your parents? They gave everything so they didn't have to bury you!" "I –" Harry began but Hermione shook him. "I said listen to me, Harry Potter." Harry fell silent at the fury of her voice and the intensity of her stare. "I am not going to bury you. I am not going to leave you alone to this terrible burden. I am not going to let you out of my sight and I'll be damned if you think for one moment I'm leaving you to fight V-Voldemort alone." Harry became silent, lost for words as he gazed unbelievingly up at his female friend. He knew she meant every word. Hermione released her hold of his collar and returned to her seat beside him. "She's right, mate," said Ron. "We're coming too." "Dumbledore told you that you needed us," said Hermione. "If the greatest wizard of the age felt it important that you had us, who are we to argue?" Harry would never admit it, but in the silence of their compartment, he was briefly happy he had the best friends anyone could ask for. Most of the journey had been a quiet ordeal. The train, usually full of boisterous voices had fallen under the oppressiveness of waiting for the approaching storm they all knew was coming. Harry still felt convinced it would be