Hello, friends! I've been a longtime shipper of the Cato x Katniss pairing, and although I've written only very minimal smut, I think this came out pretty well! At least, it gets the point across ;) Anyway, I hope you enjoy my little fic here, and please leave comments, questions, reviews, critiques, or anything else you feel inclined to share! Happy reading~~ ANIMALS A Catoniss Oneshot They let me out of my cage for the day. To my complete embarrassment, the Training Center has been stressing me out to the point where I've been vomiting every three hours. On the hour. Everywhere I go to practice my pathetic knife-throwing skills, everyone who wants to make small talk or alliances – it's all too much. Not to mention neither of these activities have helped me escape the fact that I'll be entering the Games soon. Of course, this ties in with the other unavoidable fact that I will likely be dead soon. Sharp-eyed tributes to my left, bloodthirsty tributes to my right, and around every corner a mentor who's too liquored up to pay me any sound advice. Two days ago, when the male tribute from District 10 was sparring with little Rue, he slammed her face-first into the steel floor with calculating ruthlessness, and I raced from the room like my life depended on it, knowing I'd be sick (yet again) if I was forced to keep watching. The day-to-day violence frightens me, but not because it's so vicious. It's because I can easily picture myself eliminating enemies in order to survive – no remorse, no second thoughts. So the very next morning I told Haymitch that if he didn't find a way to get me free, I would claw my own eyes out. Evidently he took me seriously, which – I've got to tell you – is a major relief. It's not like I could've forced them into doing what I wanted. Here, I have no power. On the outskirts of the Capitol are small areas of vegetation. Very, very small, diminished to the point of nonexistence, which is why not many people know about them. A President Snow-approved hovercraft let me down in a field of yellow sunflowers and red peonies with a warning: be in this exact spot three hours from now or there will be hell to pay. The meadow can't be more than a mile or two wide; from the center I can see the faint outlines of Capitol buildings in all directions. But the meadow reminds me of home, and only here can I attain some peace and quiet…before the storm that is the Hunger Games arrives. I lay down on my back, my tight Training Center shirt pulling up over my hips. Pieces of grass stick to my skinny black stretch pants. My strict uniform and matching combat books send a clear message: I don't belong here. In the meadow, among these flowers, surrounded by nature – I am property of the Capitol now. Panem owns me. I swallow and shift my position, trying to get comfortable. These thoughts need to stop . I came here to distract myself from my impending doom. But evidently it's not enough. Maybe if Snow had sent me home, to my real forest, I might be able to completely lose myself in the sights and sounds. But here, in this fake field, I feel wrong. This isn't real. I shut my eyes, squeeze them tightly against the bright blue sky and blazing sun. Now that I'm actually here, I don't think it was a good idea to come. In fact, I'm feeling far worse than when I arrived. "Nice job, Katniss," I mutter, knowing I've ruined my own day out. I'm reaching for the emergency button Haymitch gave me when a sound to my right jolts me from my thoughts. A hovercraft has just taken flight again; it flies low to the ground for several feet before rising and disappearing between the buildings in the distance. Confused, I stare after it. I must've been so steeped in my own despair I didn't hear it approach. My mouth is dry, and as I'm deciding whether to go investigate, I see movement. Someone is approaching. Immediately my heartrate jacks up to near bursting, but before I can climb to my feet and prepare a defense or something, they've drawn near enough for me to identify them. Cato. The District 2 tribute. A Career. My heart flutters at the sight of him – those brawny muscles, that lean body, the blue eyes and tousled blonde hair. He's like a supermodel. A really dangerous, lethal-looking supermodel, but still. Prior to whatever's about to happen now, we've only exchanged pleasantries twice before. The first time was the first day of training. All twenty-four tributes were waiting in a large circle for the head trainer to appear, and I caught him staring at me. He said, "This'll be easy," but refused to elaborate, even when his dainty district partner Clove badgered him for details. The second time we were just passing each other in a tenth-floor hallway. I'd scooted to the far side, pressing myself flat against the wall, but Cato had seemed entirely at ease. With a dark look, he told me, "You have no idea what I want to do to you." Both times the insinuation was clear: I'm going to kill you, and it's not going to be pleasant. "Katniss Everdeen," he calls now, striding quickly toward me. He's wearing a feral smile. I remain frozen on the ground, not sure what's going on. Why is he here, of all places? What does he want with me? "Cato," I start, alarmed, but then he's grabbing my hand and yanking me up against him. His hands capture my waist in a steely grip. Hot to the touch, his fingers brush against the exposed sliver of skin above the waistband of my pants. "They told me I could find you here," he says, eyes burning. "Well, they were right," I reply, more than a little confused. His thumbs rub tantalizing patterns on my skin, and I find it increasingly hard to focus. "I hope you don't mind the interruption," he adds, eyes focusing on my lips. "I have something different planned for today." I open my mouth to ask what he means and why exactly he's here, but his mouth crushes down on mine with no warning. I suck in a gasp, and the taste of him floods me – heat and berries and spice and something else, some other indefinable element that drives me wild. His hold on my waist tightens, and I know I'll have massive bruises there tomorrow. I don't mind. One hand snakes up to my braid and yanks my head back. The kiss deepens, and I moan as his tongue sweeps through my willing mouth. He is glorious, and I find myself wanting to touch every inch of him. My hands run up his chest, exploring the hard muscles there. But a second later Cato grabs them and pins them at my sides. "No touching," he says roughly, "not for you." I don't understand until he shoves me to the ground, keeping my hands pinned near my head now. Then – Oh! He wants control. He wants to be, in all sense of the word, on top of the situation. His previous comments in the Training Center are suddenly making sense. My hips buck, and I feel a huge hardness between his thighs when our bodies meet. I squirm, knowing what this means and wanting it so bad I may scream, but Cato pulls his lips from mine and bites my bottom lip, then my neck, with a wildness that hurts. I whimper. "Not yet, Katniss," he murmurs, yanking a piece of twine from somewhere in his pants. (Wow, he's come prepared, hasn't he?) With quick, efficient movements, he ties my wrists together above my head. "I'm going to take you, but in my own time, in my own way. You're going to lay there like a good girl." I nod, my breath coming out in short, desperate pants. I have no idea where this sudden tidal wave of emotion has come from, but I know that if he doesn't continue touching me I will explode. My skin burns for him. "Touch me," I beg. "Oh, I'll do more than that." His voice is low and rough, and the sound of it drives cold tingles up and down my spine. Somehow his mouth has found its way back to my neck, and each time he bites the tender skin there I cry out. Cato's hands rub up, up, up my stomach, sweeping my shirt out of the way. When he reaches the undersides of my breasts, he flicks my shirt over my head in one smooth motion. Instead of tearing my flimsy bra aside, he cups his hands around the fabric and pushes his face between my breasts. I feel his tongue tracing the outline of them, and I twist, furious with him for confining me but so overcome with desire I can't spare thought for anything else. His kisses are long and lingering, but I'd rather have them back on my mouth. "Cato," I hiss, " faster !" I can feel a laugh rumble through him. "Impatient, are we?" But he obliges, ripping my bra from my body with ease. His muscles ripple, and my mouth waters in response. Absurd, but I want to lick them, taste the salty sweat coating his skin. Cato allows more of his weight to press on me, leaving me little room for resistance. One hand winds under my neck while the other cups my right breast. He lowers his mouth and lets the very tip of his tongue touch my very erect nipple, and my back arches. Cato accepts my invitation and pulls my nipple all the way into his mouth, then sucks hard. I moan so loud and so long, it's a wonder I don't flush beet red from embarrassment. Never before have I heard myself make such a sound. It's kind of refreshing to let loose. He switches back and forth between my nipples as I grind my hips against him, searching in vain for the bulge between his thighs. Squeezing my breasts together, he then licks the tops in slow, languid sweeps, tasting my skin. I'm shaking and whimpering and trying to quell my squirming. My muscles coil and quiver with anticipation. "Hold still, baby," he murmurs, and pulls on the waistband of my stretch pants. They peel down my legs with some resistance; my sweat has stuck them to my skin like glue. But Cato is patient, and it doesn't take long for him to whip them, and my boots, all the way off. He tosses them aside with an undramatic flick of his wrist, and then he's kissing his way back up my legs, starting at my ankles and working his way up to the backs of my knees and finally to my glistening inner thighs. He presses a single feather-light kiss at the apex, and an orgasm threatens to tear me apart. But before it can crest, Cato moves away and the torturous orgasm simmers back down to a slow boil. In yet another quick motion Cato whips his own shirt off and shucks his pants and identical black boots into a pile to our right. My arms strain towards him, fingers itching to trace the contours of his stomach and back, the rigid lines of his broad shoulders. But I know Cato prefers to have me helpless and totally at his command, so I only groan my agitation and gaze up at him, my eyes wide and a little glassy. "Soon," he promises, and for the first time I can tell he's breathless. I'm actually affecting him, too! The idea that I can actually elicit such feelings from him makes me smile. Cato