Written for Aldira's Portal Challenge, prompt: 21 Guns - Green Day. Word count: 4587 (don't) turn over the page Regulus wakes up gasping for breath, the feeling of cold, dead fingers dragging him down with surprising strength lingering on his body. It takes him a while ( too long, too long , his mind whispers, what if the Dark Lord has you ) to recognize his surrounding as his bedroom in Grimmauld's Place. The desperation of drowning, when the pained fog the potion the Dark Lord had created to protect his Horcrux had left had finally lifted takes a bit longer to fade, even though it lingers there, at the back of his mind, not quite thought, not quite memory. It occurs to him then, that his last memory is of dying, of how peaceful it had been to simply let go of everything, trusting that Kreacher would follow his last order, and he laughs. The hysterical sound draws Kreacher in though, and at the sight of his House-Elf (his best friend, and isn't that sad ?) he sobers up. "Did you destroy it? Kreacher, did you destroy it?" He asks urgently. What a sight he must make, still unkept from bed, a mad edge to his voice. But he has to know. This is important, so important, in fact, that he gave his life for it. Kreacher just looks slightly confused, and concerned. "Is Master Regulus feeling alright?" "I'm fine, Kreacher, but what about the locket?" Regulus bates away the concern, ignoring the twinge of guilt he feels as Kreacher's ears drop down a little. Instead of whatever answer Regulus was expecting, Kreacher looks even more concerned, even as he deflates a little more. He looks scared, Regulus realizes, and it brings back to mind the terrible memory of the night he had found out about the Dark Lord's secret. "Kreacher still thinks that Master Regulus should leave the locket alone, but Master Regulus never listens to poor Kreacher… Master Regulus shouldn't go to the bad place, no he shouldn't…" Kreacher's mutters get more and more inaudible after that, and for a few moments Regulus is too confused, still chasing the last remnants of sleep away, to react. "What are you talking about?" He finally asks. "We went to the cave yesterday," or at least it must have been the day before, "and I gave you the locket so that you could destroy it. Don't you remember?" Regulus knows better than to mention his close-call with death to his House-Elf, but the knowledge sits there, on the tip of his tongue, somewhat bittersweet. "Did Master Regulus have a bad dream?" Kreacher asks prudently, his fingers poised for a snap should Regulus need anything. Regulus pauses. A dream. Why hadn't he thought of that? This would explain so much, like the way Kreacher isn't acting as protective as Regulus believes he would be, had Regulus been as close to death as he believes he was or the way his bedroom still looks exactly as he remembers it looking yesterday. Feeling more grounded, Regulus runs a hand through his hair. "Yes, Kreacher, I had a bad dream." It doesn't feel quite right, though, not when the way the dream-memories are as clear and focused as his memories of the last few days, but it also the only thing that makes sense. Unless he has developed weird Divination powers, in which case, they chose a lousy time to manifest. The thought cheers him up though, and so he waves off Kreacher with a smile and readies himself for the day. His good mood lasts only until he is dressed, when he spots the fake Horcrux he had left on his desk. He remembers now: today is the day he has planned to go after the locket and replace it. According to his dream, today is the day he dies. And yes, that has always been part of the plan, the risk of it, but… Brushing a finger against the cold metal of the locket, Regulus tries to shake off the thought. It works well enough, and Regulus heads out. He spends the rest of the day in a weird haze of déjà-vu, each of his actions echoing in the part of his mind where he's shoved the memory of drowning. Regulus is restless by the time he calls Kreacher to lead him to the cave, eager for this day to finally end. He knows he is lost when the first drop of the potion – the poison, his mind supplies – passes his lips. He knows he is dead when the first bony hands break through the water he's trying to use to soothe the burning of his throat. When they grab him, he is almost thankful – and then the water is everywhere, pressing down upon him, heavy and cold and he is gasping, there is no air, no light, no nothing. He is dying, lungs burning for air he cannot have, fingers scrambling desperately for any kind of purchase to pull him up and away from the bony hands dragging him inexorably down, legs kicking uselessly in the water. He sees nothing but the edge of his vision still seem to grow darker and he knows that this is it, that this is his last – - and then he wakes up, gasping for breath, the cold pressure of water a shadow in his lungs. .x. The second loop isn't any easier than the first, but at least this time Regulus knows that what he remembers is no dream. It doesn't help him chasing the phantom feeling of hands dragging him down to his death, but it is also somewhat reassuring, to know that both times he still succeeded in his primary goal of depriving the Dark Lord from one of his safeguards, even if that cost him his life. He could never regret that. He thinks about changing things, doing something – anything – differently, about trying to survive, but he also remembers the cardinal rule of Time Travel, which he had read in what feels like another life, looking up what one would need to become an Unspeakable. That had been before the Mark staining his forearm though, but still, the knowledge had stayed with him. With a lack of any other kind of knowledge, Regulus has to follow it: he can't change anything, and if that means he has to die tonight once again, well at least he knows what to expect. It's a bitter knowledge, but it's all he has. .x. The third time he wakes up coughing up water that isn't there, Regulus cries a little. The seventh, he screams and throws his bedside lamp at the wall, a savage smile on his face as it shatters in a thousand pieces. After two weeks of the same day – of a day that always, always ends in his death, rendered meaningless by this mad loop – he grabs his wand and slashes at everything in sight until his room is in shambles. It takes everything to reassure Kreacher that he hasn't gone off the deep end (but Merlin, maybe he has, why else would he be trapped in this infernal day?), but the chaos is worth it for the way it soothes the burning despair in his chest. By his count, he has been doing this for a month when he decides that he might as well change something unless he really wants to go mad. It doesn't even take much planning, not with the way his last month has been spent dreaming up every single path he could take. That night, in a voice that shakes with anticipation, he orders Kreacher to save him too. When they get back to Grimmauld's Place, Regulus is still soaking wet – he could dry himself, he knows, but somehow that requires more energy than he has right now – and he can still feel the bruises forming from where dead hands had grabbed on too hard, but he is also blissfully alive. He collapses on his bed, and when he wakes, it isn't to the memory of drowning. It is still, however, the same day. .x. Regulus tries so many ways to save himself before he reluctantly admits that he might as well bring in outside help. He has lost count of the amount of times he's repeated this day, and even if he has mostly managed to stop himself from drowning (and, on one particularly gruesome loop, being torn apart by the Inferis), the memory of it still haunts him. His first thought is, strangely enough, of his brother. Maybe it's because, once upon a time, Regulus could count on Sirius whenever he had a problem, or maybe it's because he knows that his brother is fighting the Dark Lord too, but it still surprises him. He had thought he had managed to rid himself of all lingering affection for his brother. But then again, he thinks ruefully, Sirius was never that easy to get rid of. He can't go to Sirius, though. His brain knows this, even though part of his heart wishes it didn't. His brother doesn't trust him – hasn't for years, not since he put on that red and gold tie it seems – and he won't believe him. There are others however, among the Death Eaters, who have grown disillusioned with their actions. They could help, maybe, and besides it isn't like Regulus has much to lose. One way or another, he will end this day in the cave – he can't run the risk of not getting the locket, not when he doesn't know when the loop might stop resetting. Maybe having someone else there, someone other than Kreacher, who was there the first time, will be enough of a change to stop the reset, despite how dangerous it is. He approaches Barty first, because of everyone he knows in the Death Eaters, they're the closest, both in the way they think – both of them trying to prove themselves to people who would never truly see them, both of them far too clever for their own good, both of them in over their head ever since they were branded – and in what they are – two sons of prominent pureblood families, around the same age. They spend ten loops together, and Regulus will never forget any of them. Barty's face as he is dragged down by the Inferis in Regulus' stead the first time is terrible, but worse than that is the way he looks so broken every time he sees Regulus dies. The eleventh time he wakes up with Barty's name on his lips, his heart desperately aching, he decides that this is the last time they can do this. The worst part is that Regulus can't even tell who he's trying to protect ( himself, always himself , his mind whispers with a poisonous tone in his brother's voice, because he is a coward ). The eleventh time, he doesn't take Barty with him to the cave. He kisses him goodbye before leaving, a little desperate and very urgent. It is the first time and the last they will have this, unless this cursed loop finally ends. It ends too soon, and when the loops resets, Regulus touches a finger to his lips before he locks the memories away, trusting his Occlumency to keep them safe. He doesn't ask for help for a while after that, and lets himself drown for the first time in forever, if only to chase that phantom feeling of another's lips on his. .x. Regulus tries very hard not to think about the way he's losing hope that it ever will, about the way he lost count of the repeats so long ago. How many times has he been through this now? How long ago was it that time made sense? Has it been a year yet? More? Less? It feels