Written for OTP Prompt List Challenge: (word) underground. Word count: 3623 my head wasn't wired for this world Sometimes, Barty likes to reminisce about the world Above. He closes his eyes, and pictures the sky and its endless blues. The sun shone brightly, its rays a warm caress on his skin in the summer times, and the wind whispered secrets in his ears, a soft murmur only he could hear. It's always hard to reopen his eyes after that, to face dull dirt walls instead of open skies, but it's Barty's life now. On most days, it even beats being dead, like most of those who stayed Above. It's been so many years, now, since Barty last saw the world Above. Nearly his entire lifetime, in fact, since the skies burned blood red and the ground simply burned. Nearly two decades since the world had cast them out, thrown them out and cast them to live underground, in caves like animals. Of course, it isn't all that bad. It's easy enough to live underground once you get used to it, and as the days bleed into one another, you forget quickly that you ever knew anything else. Part of it is the routine, part of it's just what people need to survive. It works. The humans aren't exactly flourishing anymore, but they're doing more than merely surviving too. Still, it doesn't stop the yearning, which is how the Expeditions first started. They're rather recent, these Expeditions. Most people scorn at the idea openly—going back Above, even for short amount of times? Unthinkable—but Barty doesn't. He can't, not when the mere idea of venturing outside of these glorified caves, of being anywhere but underground even for a mere instant is enough to make his heart beat faster. Unsurprisingly enough, his father doesn't agree with Barty wanting to join in. (God, it's in those times he can't help but wish that his mother had survived instead—Barty finds it hard to believe she'd have ever turned dour the way his father had after his wife's death. Being raised by her would have been kinder, he thinks, even though he only remembers the vaguest impressions of her) "It's a pointless endeavor," Barty Sr. says harshly when Barty mentions it. "If you really want to waste your life so badly, at least waste it here , where it might end up being useful for something ." "But what if we find something Above?" Barty protests, only to bite his cheek as he realizes he used 'we' instead of 'they'. The taste of copper is sickening, but he forces himself to swallow past it, unwilling to show weakness now. "The only thing to be found Above is death, boy," Barty Sr. spits violently, rounding up on his son with such anger that for a moment Barty fears his father will hit him. "Do you really think we'd be down there if we had any other choice?" His father's hands are trembling, Barty notes, in the way that says it's been too long since the man last had a drink. It makes Barty sneer, even as something like pity twists in his chest. "But it's nearly been two decades!" Barty persists. "What if things have changed? What if we could leave this place, leave-" "Stop it!" his father shouts, fist hitting the wall beside him so strongly dust flakes off it. Barty flinches, falling silent instinctively. "I don't want to hear another word about these Expeditions , or about going Above , is that clear?" Barty mumbles something incoherently. "I said, is that clear?" "Yes, sir," Barty repeats mulishly. Somehow, this satisfies his father, though Barty has no idea why. Surely, after all these years, the man should have learned to tell when his own son was lying to him, shouldn't he? .x. The man in charge of the Expeditions, a Lucius Malfoy, looks nothing like Barty had expected. He's oddly distinguished, with long blond hair that falls to his shoulders, and he walks with an ornished cane, though he doesn't appear to need it. The most unsettling thing about him, though, is the way his clothes are spotless, which is practically an impossible feat underground, where dust and dirt follows you everywhere. It speaks of a kind of wealth hat shouldn't exist anymore, and of more power Barty can imagine. This, Barty realizes mere moments after he first sees Malfoy, is not a man to be trifled with. It also quickly becomes clear that as invested as he is in funding those Expeditions, Malfoy has no intentions on participating in one. That, he explains, is why he needs people like Barty. It would figure, that this one thing he wants to do for himself is something someone else is just using him for. Does it even make a difference that this time Barty knows he's being used, that he goes into this fully knowing just how expendable he is? He'd like to think so, if only so that he can escape the shadow of his father's actions. Malfoy goes on to explain how the Expeditions will work, and Barty listens raptly. They'll each be supplied with a week's worth of supplies—because a week is as long as each Expedition will last—and a map that is, as far as Malfoy's little team of experts knows, an accurate description of the area. "It is however twenty years out of date, so do not trust it over what you see before you," one of those experts cautions. The meeting lasts so long that the words start to blur together in Barty's mind, especially as they do not reveal anything he didn't already know: he'll be going out alone, for a week, in a possibly hostile world for a trip he may never come back from, and Malfoy denies any responsibility in case accidents happen while they're Above. They even have to sign a waiver to that account, which Barty does with relish as he thinks of his father's face when he realizes his only son isn't the perfect little double he had hoped for. Those who come back will be paid handsomely for their efforts, Malfoy finally ensures them, before he moves to shake hands with the dozen or so volunteers who came to the meeting. Malfoy's last words before the meeting is dismantled are, "Thank you for your cooperation, and may you find that there is something worth saving out there." He smiles then, a sharp thing that Barty has seen too many times on his father's face to trust it anymore, and leaves. Four days later, Barty is back, and ready to go on his first Expedition. .x. The climb up the tunnels that lead to the sealed exits into the world Above is the worst part. The backpack Barty's been provided with is heavy, and the straps cut into his shoulders painfully. The air is hot and heavy, and even before they're halfway there, Barty's already wiping sweat off his brow constantly. Still, it is all worth it when they finally reach the heavy metallic door that bar the entrance to the outside world. They open with a loud and shiver-inducing screeching noise as the metal drags on the rocky ground, but the rush of air that follows is most welcomes. The doors are only opened wide enough for a single person to pass at a time, but Barty can see the other side just fine even as he waits for his turn. It appears to only be more of the same tunnel, though he upward slope of the thing seems slightly sharper. The air tastes different already too: sharper somehow, and less coppery. Barty isn't sure what to think of it. "And this is where I leave you." Lucius' Malfoy's voice echoes softly against the walls, and Barty realizes he had been too mesmerized by the tantalizing glimpse of the path out of the underground to pay any attention to their benefactor's speech. It hardly matters anyway. Barty's willing to bet his life on there not having been anything new in that speech. The part of the tunnel behind the door is darker than the one Barty's just left, and it makes his heart beat faster in his chest, the sweet and sour taste of mixed excitement and fear persisting at the back of his throat. At first, Barty doesn't even notice that the darkness is getting lighter. He just keeps on walking, his torch shining on the path before him a pale white halo. The change is so gradual that at first he thinks the torch is malfunctioning, but no, that's not it. Instead, his eyes have adjusted to the way he's been getting closer to the surface, and to the half-collapsed wooden door he can now see ahead of him. Bright rays of light shine before him, making the dust floating in the air dance like fairy lights, and for a moment it takes Barty's breath away. Sunlight . It has to be. He starts to walk faster, until—finally-he reaches that door. Crossing it feels… It is indescribable. It is freeing, like a weight has been lifted off his shoulders, but more than that Barty finds that he simply breathes easier. He almost stumbles in his first few steps, drunk on the (too) numerous sights around him. There is something different and bright and new in every direction, and Barty doesn't know where to look. This new—or is it old?—world is dizzying in its intensity, but the longer he's there, the less he wants to leave it and shut himself back into the dullness of the underground. He ends up choosing a direction at random, though he makes sure to take note of his surroundings and of a way to find his way back when his time is up. And after that, he hitches up his backpack on his shoulders, and walks. .x. The world Above is silent. That is the first thing Barty notices. That isn't to say that the underground is noisy, but there is a certain quiet to the world Barty now walks that just settles deep in his bones. There is noise, of course. The wind whistles through the dilapidated buildings Barty walks through, and every so often, something creaks or clangs from afar. Barty walks for three days, aiming straight North. He finds nothing but broken buildings worn down by time and nature, and so many scattered signs of the people that once lived there—certainly nothing like the kind of signs Malfoy told them to be on the lookout for—but still, Barty finds the whole experience oddly beautiful. After three days, he turns back and retraces his steps. Crossing the threshold back into the underground, even knowing that better meals and a proper bed await him there, feels a little bit like dying after all this time spent outside, and Barty finds himself considering where he'll go and what he'll do the next time he goes out even before he's properly back. When he tells Malfoy so, the man just smirks, a pleased thing that makes a shiver run down Barty's spine. "Good," Malfoy says. "Good. I'll see you in five days then." Barty nods, and five days later he's back. .x. Barty has been on three different Expeditions—there 'pointless endeavours', according to his father, who keeps forbidding Barty to go like his opinion matters one bit to his son—when he sees him . It's barely even a glimpse at first, more like a shadow at the corner of Barty's eyes. It hovers there, following him around silently. "Who's there?" Barty finds himself asking, half-convinced that he's going mad and seeing things. (it would be a sign, he knows, that the world Above is not one they can safely live in) Only the wind answers him, and for the rest of that afternoon, Barty cannot spot his little shadow anywhere. The next morning—or what passes as such, in this world permanently bathed in the white light that shines