Word count: 5075 Castle On The Hill There's another knight standing at the bottom of the tower, his armor clanking as he yells for the dragon to 'let go of the fair and kind princess, or be ready to taste my wrath'. It's the third one this week and Charlie has honestly had to stop counting how many came over the past year. It really is ridiculous, and he can't believe people are still going on quests to bring him back when no one ever succeeds. "Do they even know you're not actually a princess?" Charlie scowls. Backing away from the window, he sits on the garnet red sofa Draco is already half-sprawled onto. "Don't remind me. I can't believe they're still going on with that, and I have no idea how they keep finding us!" "Well, dragons do usually go after princesses," Draco points out, his silvery eyes laughing. "And you did manage to find me – I can imagine your knights might do the same," he adds with a shrug. "They're not my knights." "Sorry, Charlie, but they kind of are. They were sent to bring you back home, weren't they?" They've had that argument too many times for Charlie to dignify that with an answer. "What's with the princess thing anyway?" He asks instead, changing the subject. "I can't imagine anything would be worth being stalked by those knights." Draco laughs, a low rumbling sound that echoes off the walls and makes the room seem bigger. Almost despite himself, Charlie feels a smile tug at the corner of his lips. "They can be entertaining," Draco finally shrugs. "You mean you like to see them run off in fear," Charlie replies dryly. "You do too." "Well, some of them can be pretty stupid," Charlie admits. Outside, the knight seems to have abandoned his shouting in favor of trying to climb the tower. Charlie is almost impressed – it usually takes them longer to get that idea. He is less impressed by the fact that the man didn't even think to take off his heavy armor before. It wouldn't help him reach the top – that was impossible to anyone they didn't allow up – but it was still common sense. He and Draco share an exasperated look, and Draco starts a countdown from twenty. He's reached five when the sounds of 'don't worry princess, I'm coming' are replaced by cursing as the man falls. Listening to the man try again and again grows boring rather quickly. Were it an option, he and Draco would leave and come back later – unfortunately, the last time they tried that, they came back to find that the knight of the day had nearly started a forest fire. "Want me to take care of it?" Draco asks, smoke already curling around his face. For a moment, Charlie considers it, before shaking his head. "No, it's fine. And it's my turn anyway." "That is true," Draco acknowledges, and settles back into the sofa. Sighing, Charlie moves to grab his staff. Honestly, were he to tell anyone of how lazy dragons actually are, no one would believe him. With his staff in hand, it is the work of an instant to teleport outside, right in front of his would be rescuer. "And now the evil beast sends his dark wizard!" The knight starts to rant, pointing his finger accusingly at Charlie. "This must mean I am getting closer," he crows victoriously. "Fear not, fair princess," he yells toward the tower, "I will defeat him and rescue you!" Rolling his eyes, and in no mood to keep listening to the man's ranting – honestly, who is he saying all this for? It's not like there's anyone interested in hearing it after all – Charlie waves his staff. It is a thing of beauty – he took the wood with him from the palace when he ran, but the core comes from Draco. It's the scale he lost the last time a hunter got too close, grounded up in a thin powder that Charlie mixed with his blood, and it channels his magic like nothing else. It takes him no words at all to freeze the man in place and silence him, but erasing his memories of this place and ensuring he can't find it again is harder work, and requires the long Latin incantations he's always hated having to learn. Once the knight is on his way, Charlie teleports back inside the tower. "You were faster this time," Draco remarks. "Well, I am getting a lot of practice these days," Charlie points out with a smile. "But now that this is dealt with, what do you say about going outside for a while?" "You want to go see the nests again, don't you?" Draco replies, throwing him an unimpressed look. Charlie simply shrugs, unashamed. "Of course I do. They are amazing, after all." It seems to be the right word, because Draco gets up and leads them outside. Despite having seen it a hundred times, it always amazes him to witness the way Draco just seems to shimmy off his human body to reveal the dragon underneath. Draco is a beautiful human, there is no doubt about it (even if it is the kind of unnatural beauty that people can't help but notice, and thus make him unable to truly pass off as one of them), but he is a magnificent dragon. He can't talk in this form, or at least not in the way humans mean talking, but he doesn't need to. The way he lowers his head to Charlie's level and huffs in his face – he knows that Charlie hates the smell of sulfur that comes with it but loves the faces Charlie makes – as well as pushes him closer with his wings is always more than enough to get that Draco wants him to hurry and climb on his back. Flying on a dragon's back is just another thing Charlie never thought he'd be able to do – sure, he had dreamed about it as a kid after long days of reading dusty grimoires on magical creatures or playing games with his siblings, but those had been just that: dreams. The real thing is better than anything he ever dreamed up, though. Draco is impossibly strong in this form, and Charlie can feel it in every beat of his wings, in the way the serpentine body shifts between his legs in an oddly comforting rhythm. The flight isn't very long – the mountains are two days away by foot but Draco is much faster – and passes by quickly. The wind whips at his hair and the sun makes Draco's scales glow like molten metal, and whenever Charlie closes his eyes he wants this moment to last forever. It doesn't though, and soon enough they reach the nests. They're hidden high up in the mountains, in places unreachable by any other mean than flight. It is a safety measure Charlie wishes with all his heart wasn't needed, but dragon eggs are very valued in certain unsavory circles, and that measure is effective. It is only because Draco vouches for him that Charlie is allowed up there. Not even in his wildest dreams had Charlie ever thought he would be allowed there, in the closest thing dragons had to holy ground. Draco had explained once, soon after they had first met, that dragons stayed in the nests until they could fly on their own, something that took longer than Charlie had thought. It made sense though, when one considered that, not unlike humans, dragons only stopped growing once they reached the equivalent of adolescence. They could fly well before that of course, but it was frowned upon to leave before that, as flying required a delicate balance. Draco hadn't been on his own for long when Charlie had found him, which he insisted was the only reason why hunters had managed to get ahold of him. Said hunters had never seen Charlie coming, who had knocked them out with the wood he had been gathering and the heavy cauldron they had been using to prepare their food, before freeing Draco. Draco, who had taken one long look at him and grabbed him with his teeth, before dropping him on his back and flying away. Somehow the news of that event had spread, and mixed with the fact that the King's second son was missing, had lead people from all over the country to believe that a princess needed rescuing. Because, as Draco had once laughingly told him, 'everyone knows dragons only take princesses.' Still, Charlie had left the palace to study dragons (and escape a marriage his mother insisted on), and so he had stayed. It's a decision he doesn't think he will ever regret, especially as a dozen of baby dragons, already tall enough to reach his knees, poke their heads out of the nearby caves and shuffle closer to him. Behind him, he hears the rustling sound that signals Draco shifted into a human body again. He is warm next to Charlie's body, and Charlie is thankful for the heat as the mountaintops can get quite chilly. They stay there until the sun disappears, the young dragons following them closely, their parents' eyes on them less obvious but no less present. They fly back under the stars, and that too, is something Charlie would never give up. .x. Charlie has been the one to find their tower, though it had been abandoned then. It had been nothing some magic could fix though, since however comfortable Draco's cave had been, it had still be a cave and, well, Charlie had grown up in a castle as a prince, and as such was used to a little more luxury. Draco had been the one to decorate it though, claiming that Charlie's taste was sorely lacking. The only thing Draco had allowed him to keep was the sinfully comfortable sofa he had made, and even then Charlie had had to fight to keep to the original color. Draco, with his silvery scales in his natural form, preferred more natural tones, and colors that reminded him of himself. All the jewels the dragon had acquired over the years – Charlie wasn't sure he really wanted to know how – actually gave the rooms an oddly tasteful look that Charlie had been surprised to grow fond of. And that had been at the beginning, before they had actually started living there. Now some parts of the floors are littered with clothes and the walls are singed with some of Charlie's experiments with dragon's fire – experiments Draco only half-heartedly participated in. They have a library too, though most of the books tend to pile up anywhere but on the rows supposed to hold them, and a couple of free rooms they had to add once Charlie's siblings started showing up. The point is that the tower looks lived in and it is home just as much as the castle used to be when Charlie still lived there. It makes sense his siblings would want to come when they can – and when you can teleport, no distance is too much to drop by for a visit. Ginny is the one who drops by the most often. Even though she is the only princess their realm has, she is also the youngest child, and as such has more freedom to do what she actually wants. She's also the only knight they ever allow up the tower – no doubt his sister would find a way to bring it down if they didn't. Most of the time she comes with Ron, but these days his youngest brother has his own adventures to fill his days, finally fulfilling the dreams of glory his brother's always had. The twins drop by always when they're the least expected, trailing chaos behind them as they usually do, and Percy delivers