Written for Queen Lexi, who is amazing and deserves everything. I hope you enjoy this! Thanks to Em for betaing this! Word count : 4123 my kingdom for a kindred soul Fist poised to knock on the door, Harry paused for a moment, heaving a deep sigh. Should he really interrupt now? If Ginny knew he was here, she'd kill him—he had certainly gotten enough knowing looks and "come on, Harry, you can see that Lily's happy with Scorpius" sent his way to know when it was time to quit—but it wasn't like Harry was trying to sabotage the wedding or his daughter's relationship. Well, not anymore anyway. (there had been times, at first, when Harry had thought Scorpius wasn't good enough for his precious daughter, and while he hadn't quite changed his mind on that—after all, no one was good enough for Lily—he had also accepted that Scorpius loved her and that he was the one Lily wanted. Honestly, that was all Harry could ask for in the end) Harry sighed and was about to turn away and head back to his wife, who he was sure would find something else for him to help with, when the door suddenly opened. Something, or rather someone, collided heavily with his chest, causing him to rock backward on his heels even as he braced himself against the wall to steady himself. "Lily?" he asked, surprised to find himself looking into his daughter's eyes. "Lily, come on, you know you-" an exasperated voice came from inside the room, followed by heavy footsteps before a familiar head of brown hair stepped into view. "Oh, hi, Uncle Harry," Rose said sheepishly. Lily chuckled weakly against Harry's chest. "Hi, Rose," Harry replied, feeling somewhat bemused. "Is something the matter?" Rose sighed, frowning as she cast a quick look toward Lily. Evidently, what she found there seemed to appease her, because she nodded slightly. "I think Lily's having pre-wedding jitters," she explained. "I just… I don't know what to do." She looked and sounded so defeated that Harry couldn't help but feel for her. "I'm sure you did your best," he reassured her, "but why don't I take it from here?" She frowned again, shooting another questioning look Lily's way, who barely reacted. "I guess," Rose replied, though she sounded unsure. "I mean, if Lily doesn't need me, and you're sure it wouldn't be a bother…" Harry smiled. "It's fine, really. Lily? Are you okay with Rose leaving for now? She'll come back later." Lily just shrugged. "Well, I guess she's fine with it," Harry stated, looking at Rose. "Why don't you go help your grandmother? Last I heard she was in the kitchen, trying to make sure the food will be ready on time." "Ugh, do I have to?" Rose complained, which proved once again that Molly's nitpicking when it came to planning her family's happiness was legendary. "Go, I'll be fine," Lily intervened, stepping away from Harry. Her eyes were slightly red, but she wasn't crying. "You sure?" Rose asked. "Cause screw your dad—I mean, not screw-screw , cause eww—if you want me to stay I'll stay." "I'll pretend I didn't hear that," Harry said, amused despite himself. "I'm not sorry," Rose replied, her mother's familiar determination etched on her face. "Rose!" Lily chastised, cheeks reddening. "And yeah, Dad, please do ignore that." She turned back toward her cousin. "I'll be fine," she repeated. "Go make sure Grandma doesn't drive everyone mad," she joked tiredly. "Argh, fine, but you owe me for this. You owe me so much!" "I'll pay you back," Lily replied, rolling her eyes. She didn't move until Rose had left, and even then, she only took the five steps needed to collapse on her bed. Harry sat next to her. "Are you alright?" he asked softly. "I'm fine," Lily sighed, but she didn't sound convinced. She sat up suddenly, eyes wide as she bit her lips. She clutched at her sheets. "I, Dad , what if…?" Her mouth opened and closed haplessly as she struggled to find the right words to voice her doubts. Harry huffed out a low laugh and tugged at Lily's wrist until she let herself fall against his chest. "Hey, whatever it is, you can tell me, okay? You know you can tell me anything." "I know, Dad. It's just…" She heaved a frustrated sigh and rubbed at her eyes forcefully. "I just—what if this isn't the right thing to do? What if we're moving too fast? We haven't even been living together for a full year yet, and what if they – what if this is too soon and we ruin everything?" Lily was almost in tears by the end of her tirade, and Harry's own eyes were watering in sympathy even as a fierce fire started burning in his chest. His daughter was hurting, and he needed to help her. "Do you think it's too soon"? he asked. Lily frowned, looking at him with confusion. "What do you mean, 'do I think it's too soon?'? I just told you that-" Harry shook his head. "No, what you told me was what other people thought. I'm asking you what you think. Lily, it's your wedding. Well, yours and Scorpius," he added, making sure to grimace exaggeratedly on Scorpius' name in the way that never failed to make her smile, "the only opinions that should matter are yours." "But," Lily started to protest. "No buts," Harry replied. "This isn't the kind of choice you can let others influence you on—Merlin knows I'd never have married your mother if I had listened to what most people were telling me," he joked. Surprisingly, those words seemed to snap Lily out of her panic. "Wait, what? Some people didn't want you to marry Mum? But why? That makes no sense!" Lips quirking up at Lily's outrage, Harry said dryly, "Well, apparently some witches thought your mother wasn't good enough for me." "That's crazy," Lily stated. "You're always saying Mum's the best thing that happened to you after us. And if anything, Mum's the one who's too good for you," she added, almost as an afterthought. "Well, that's just hurtful," Harry replied, feigning pain. Lily shot him a deeply unconvinced look, and that was all it took for Harry to laugh. "But your mother is too good for me," he said fondly. It was true, after all. Ginny and he fought about it sometimes—not serious fights, of course, as this wasn't quite a serious enough subject for those, but fights all the same. To him, Ginny (and Ron and Hermione, Neville and everyone else too) was the real hero. She had had a choice, unlike him, and she had chosen to fight for what was right. For that, if not the infinite number of other reasons, Ginny deserved everything Harry could give her. This wasn't about him though, or about Ginny. This was about Lily, their daughter, who was having doubts about her wedding when Harry hadn't seen her happier than the day she had told them Scorpius had proposed. "Look, Lily, I can't tell you what to do-" "-that never stopped you before," Lily muttered, and Harry smiled at the memories those words brought up. "Yes, but you were a child then, not an adult," Harry explained. "And being an adult means you get to make your own decisions." Lily groaned. "Well, being an adult sucks, can't I just stop?" "It doesn't work like that," Harry laughed, patting her back comfortingly. "Trust me, if it did, we'd know by now. And you know your mother and I would have kept you and your brothers small and adorable for your entire lives." " Dad! " Lily protested, but she wanted to laugh, Harry could tell. "Didn't you use to think that we were little monsters though?" "Ah, but you were adorable little monsters," Harry smiled. "There's a difference." Lily fell silent for a few moments before her lips quirked up in a fond smile. "We were rather annoying, weren't we?" "Sometimes," Harry shrugged. "But it was worth it. And this-" he gestured at her wedding dress, the cream silk now rumpled where Lily had laid on it when she had collapsed on the bed "-is worth it too, if you think it is." Lily rolled her eyes, swatting at Harry's arm. "I was wondering when you'd get back to that." "Can you blame me?" Harry asked rhetorically. "Come one, Lily, I know it took me some time to accept it-" "-try forever," Lily muttered almost inaudibly. "-but I know you love Scorpius," he continued, ignoring the interruption, "and he loves you too. Merlin, last year you were bursting with joy telling us how he'd proposed…" At that, Lily smiled. It was a beautiful thing, that smile. It bloomed on Lily's face slowly but steadily, and like always, when his daughter was really happy, it stole Harry's breath right out of his lungs. "He tried to make such a big thing out of it too," she started reminiscing, eyes misty. "Had it all planned out, and I didn't have the heart to tell him I'd known for weeks. He was so excited he nearly dropped the ring, did I tell you that?" she added, playing with said ring as she talked. Slowly, the scene painted itself in Harry's mind, and the notion that Scorpius Malfoy, who always liked to act like nothing could ever bother him, had been so stressed that he had lost his composure around Lily, made him smile. "You did," Harry replied, still smiling. "And then you said yes before he could actually ask you," he continued, because he had heard this story before. "Well, he was taking an awfully long time to find his words," Lily retorted, and the way she was just entirely unapologetic about it was so like something Ginny would do that Harry huffed a fond laugh. "And then he told me he was nervous, and I said, 'what do you have to be nervous about, I love you, of course I'm saying yes'." She blinked, and Harry had to bit his lips to restrain his smile as he watched realization bloom on her face, any lingering doubts seeming to melt away like snow in the sun. "That's what you meant, wasn't it, when you told me to 'listen to my heart' and all that?" She sighed. Harry smirked. "Well, I didn't exactly tell you to 'listen to your heart', but…" Lily glared at him but Harry just laughed. After her teenage years, he had become somewhat desensitized to that particular expression of hers. "I'm not saying it," she scowled. "But," Harry teased, feeling lighter now that most of Lily's doubts had vanished, "I did tell you so. Now come on, you should get ready. If we're late your mother will murder me, and then your grandmother will bring me back just so she can kill me, and that's not even taking into account what your new in-laws might do." "Scorpius likes you, you know," Lily laughed, though she started to get up from the bed properly, looking at her rumpled dress in disarray. "He's scared of me, you mean," Harry corrected, though he couldn't quite conceal the fond amusement he felt at those thoughts. "Can you blame him?" Lily asked with a smirk. "I mean, you do hunt down criminals for a living." She sighed, reaching up to run a hand through her hair and only stopping at the last moment to look at her make-up smudged hands. "This is a disaster," she groaned, sitting at her desk in front of the mirror Ginny had put there a decade ago, when Lily had decided she needed something to help her get her make-up right. "It's really not," Harry reassured her, moving to stand beside her. "It is ! Look at me," Lily moaned, gesturing at her reflection. "I'm getting married-" and there her voice choked up a little as she cast a Tempus