Word count: 5736 Love (That Shambling Thing) " There is power in self-sacrifice." Veronica Roth, Divergent In the end it starts like this: Sirius is chosen first, his name drawn to cries for glory, and the golden boy smiles for the cameras. He comes back broken, a pale shade of the brother Regulus used to admire, and no matter how hard they try, they are some things that just can't be fixed. In the end it starts like this: Sirius lives and then he leaves, and when four years later Regulus' name is the one drawn, there is no family by his side to be proud of him or to tell him it's going to be alright. Sirius was always their golden boy, after all, with Regulus the unlucky spare, and nothing he can do will ever change that. He doesn't think he'd want to anyway – he's seen what the cameras have done to his brother, the best man he had known, and it's a fate Regulus wouldn't wish on his worst enemy, let alone on family. In the end it starts like this – like these stories always do: Regulus' name is chosen, one boy among hundreds, a sacrifice to appease hungry gods who couldn't care less, and even though this is what Regulus has always trained for, this 'chance' leaves a bitter taste in his mouth. .x. Some nights, when Barty couldn't sleep, he used to climb on the roof and watch the stars, tracing the constellations with a lazy fingers, reciting to himself softly all the stories his mother told him before bed. It seemed like the whole universe was just a wish away, and so sometimes Barty did wish. They were traitorous wishes, for the traitorous dreams he held close to his heart. Please, he asked the stars, please make this world right again so that no other child has to die like this. Maybe that's why he didn't feel surprised when his name was revealed as a Tribute's. It felt like cosmic punishment, like irony at its finest. He asked for lives to be spared and they sent him to take them. Maybe this world is beyond repair after all. He doesn't regret being chosen though. It's not like he has much of a life waiting for him here anyway. As his father is always fond of telling him, Barty will never amount to anything (and it rankles, to know that however unwillingly, Barty's about to prove him right). His only regret is that his mother was there – he will never forget her face when she saw him, after. He wishes he could have spared that pain. .x. The sponsors love him, and it feels a little bit like dying. They loved his brother too, Regulus remembers, and maybe some of that carries over to him now. It would be simpler, he thinks, if he could believe they only love the image of the other boy they sent into an arena. But unfortunately, he can't. Not entirely anyway, because while there are whispers – voices saying how extraordinary it is, for two Tributes to come from the same family, never mind that the other is a past winner – Regulus knows that if he was useless they wouldn't bother with him. They put good odds on him from the beginning, but when they see him train – see him with his knives, because Sirius may have preferred the bigger weapons, like the swords or the mace he became known for, but Regulus always fancied a short blade in the dark – he is marked as the favorite. It almost makes him want to laugh, the way the other Tributes seem to glare at him more angrily than contemplatively after that. Like they even have the time for petty grievances anymore. Still, he supposes that it's only human of them, and they're all of them so terribly humans. .x. The Game puts them on a mountain this year. Last year it was a desert, the year before that a city, and Barty is terribly grateful he didn't get either of those. A mountain isn't idyllic, but anything is better than a desert, and Barty doesn't think he'd have known what to do in a real city. There is a boy on a platform right across from him when he blinks the brightness of the sun away. Before they both start running, Barty thinks he see sadness flash in his eyes – only sadness isn't quite the right word for it. Weariness, that's what it looks like: the kind that only comes from knowing what the future holds. Somehow, it warms Barty's heart, to know that someone else here truly knows what to expect. The boy runs fast and even though he's alone, he manages to grab a pair of wickedly-looking daggers before Barty loses track of him. Somehow, Barty finds himself pulled in by a group formed by the two Tributes from District One and Three, as well as the girl from District Two. That's how he realizes just who the boy was: Regulus Black, the people's favorite this year. He had looked different earlier, with the sun glowing like a halo behind him. He hadn't looked like the boy on the screens, or like the too serious boy Barty had spotted during their training weeks. The light had made him look almost inhumanely beautiful, the closest thing Barty's ever been to a god, and he wonders if it means anything. It probably doesn't. The canon sounds once, and then twice, dragging Barty out of his thoughts, and his heart lurches in his chest. He doesn't know why he's relieved when he sees the two dead girls on the ground. .x. Regulus has never felt relief until he sees the daggers, metal glinting invitingly in the sunshine. He will need them, he knows, but there is still half a second where he feels almost sick, imagining them covered in blood. They'd glisten the same way they do now, pearling rubies instead of silver moonlight, and that's almost enough to make him turn around. He snatches the daggers and tires to ignore the way they fit so snugly against his palms, and he runs. The terrain is unfamiliar and there are loose rocks everywhere. With a heavy heart, Regulus realizes that before this ends, probably more than one Tribute will have fallen from the numerous cliffs Regulus can already see are everywhere, but at the same time he's guiltily glad that at least those deaths could never be on his hands. Two dull sounds echo around him, and he realizes with a jolt that this is what the canon actually sounds like when a Tribute dies. It sounded different on the retransmission somehow, duller maybe. Here and now, Regulus can feel it resonate in his blood, echoing in his mind. It might very well be the worst sound he's ever heard. .x. Barty always stays half a step behind the group. He holds no illusion to the fact that they're waiting for the right time to kill him – they even admitted to the fact on their first night, calmly sitting around the fire Barty had built. They've made a pact not to go after each other until they're the only ones remaining, and he, the newcomer, will surely be the first they'll turn on when the time comes. He's pretty sure it should bother him more than it does, but it doesn't. He understands, and he thinks in their place he might do the same. After all, they're just as scared as he is, for all their bravados. Despite himself, Barty finds himself liking these kids. He learns their names even though he doesn't want to, and the little details about their lives they can't help but let out while they talk. Barty hates it – it makes these people so much more real, and Barty doesn't need that, not when in the end all but one will be dead and they'll all have each other's blood on their hands, but he can't help it. The Carrows twins from the Third District, Amycus and Alecto, are the best trackers Barty's ever seen, and while they teach him how to look for signs of disturbed earth (it's much harder than it sounds like, especially in a terrain like this one where much of the ground is not loose soil but rather rocks and gravel), he learns that they want to fly one day, and that when (if) one of them survives they'll light a candle for the other every night, to guide their spirit home. Mary, from the First District, is the most imposing woman Barty's ever met. She beheads a snake on their first night, hearing its deadly rattle when no one else could. Her hands are littered will small training scars that she traces absentmindedly, and she whispers a man's name in her sleep. Benjy , Barty thinks it is, and there's a grief there he can't quite identify. She's kinder than the rest too, but she wants to live more than anyone else Barty's met yet. She's probably the most dangerous of them all, in the end. Even Bellatrix, the Tribute from the Second District, eyes her with barely hidden suspicion and worry, and Bellatrix doesn't look like the type to worry about anything. There is something wrong about her, Barty realized early on. It's like she's already dead inside somehow, like the world doesn't really matter to her anymore. She catches a rabbit and skins it alive, smiling as her knives tug the skin, and later, the organs free. She is disturbing but also gorgeous, and Barty shivers to think what she could have been like in another world, in another life, where they weren't supposed to be fodder in some grand revenge plan for a rebellion no one remembers anymore. The only person she seems to like is Rodolphus, the tribute from the First District. There's a history there, and Barty wonders if it means anything, that this year so many tributes seem so close to each other. It feels like it, somehow. Once, while he stands guard, he sees the two of them slip away in the middle of the night. They wear darkness well, like a cloak almost, and are so close to one another that their shadows blend together. When the canon sounds, Barty closes his eyes and counts to ten. And then he keeps counting, his eyes open and glued to the darkness. When the shadows move and spilt in two familiar forms, Barty doesn't feel relieved to know they're back. He doesn't need to see the blood to know what they've done. Rodolphus nods as he passes him by, and Bellatrix nudges him away, taking her shift like nothing ever happened. Barty doesn't mention it, but he doesn't forget. His heart pounds in chest until he falls asleep, and it takes him a long time to stop his hands from shivering. .x. Regulus doesn't want to kill anyone. He doesn't want to be here, doesn't want to be a Tribute – he doesn't think anyone does, at least not once they're truly here. Glory and Honor , say the people from the Capital, safe and warm in their luxurious homes. A chance to erase the betrayal of your ancestors , they proclaim, like anyone still cares about that. They're just hungry for blood, and who better to provide that than the children History tells them are guilty, are worthless? They're all the pawns in some greater game, and while Regulus hates it, there's nothing he can do to change that. Nothing, but refuse to play his part – he will not hunt these people down, will not be the attack dog they expect him to be. He will not be his brother, and the thought hurts as much as it heals. He keeps moving, looking for the edges of their terrain. He won't be able