This was written for the Care of Magical Creatures assignment at Hogwarts (write about someone who is fiercely protective of another person). I didn't mean to start another MC but I seem to be unable to stop myself. Chapter 1: In The Beginning There Was a Boy Harry doesn't really know what led his feet toward Privet's Drive. Sentiment, perhaps. It's a bad idea – his worst one yet, probably – but once he's had it there was no ignoring it. It's weird though, to be back there, much weirder than it was in the magical world. For all the time that Harry had spent there, it's only now that he has gone back in time that he realizes how little the wizarding world has changed over the years. In contrast, stepping in the muggle world is like stepping in another country. Everything is different, and for perhaps the first time Harry truly does realize that this isn't his own time anymore. It had been so easy to fool himself, back in Diagon Alley, to think that maybe it was all a joke or a mistake. But this – the way Privet Drive looks exactly the way he remembers it looking before he had known the wonders of magic – this can't be faked. This drives home the fact that he really is back in the past – in his own past, actually – no matter how impossible such a thing should be. He nods absentmindedly at the people who were once his neighbors, noting with a kind of amused contempt that they don't appear to hate him for once – and why would they, really, when in all appearances he is rich and powerful and everything they like to gossip about? It would be so easy to hate them – hate how blind they were to what the Dursleys did to him just a street over, how nobody ever, ever helped him – but Harry has seen too much of what hate can do to spread it so freely. With luck, he will never see those people again, and that will be enough for him. It isn't until he stops in front of the number 4, the perfect little house he remembers spending days upon days cleaning, that he realizes that there is more to this little trip than simply going down memory's lane. His younger self is there, pruning the roses under the glaring sun with no protection whatsoever. He looks so small in the baggy, ratty clothes Harry knows belonged to Dudley, and almost as resigned as he is afraid, shooting back furtive looks inside the house to see if anyone is there. The worst thing about all this is that Harry doesn't remember this day at all. Or rather he does, but it's lost in an endless sea of days just like it. Harry can already tell how it will end: if he's lucky, the boy will be send off to his cupboard with a glass of water and a piece of too dry bread after he cooks dinner for his relative, and is forced to watch them eat. The next day will be much of the same, until Harry gets sick under the sun and is stuck inside his cupboard while he recuperates. If he's not – if he doesn't finish all of his chores, if they're not done to Petunia and Vernon's impossibly high standards, he won't get to eat. There's no school for him to go to, not in the summer, so they can keep him locked up for days, and while that will be a respite from the sun, Harry only remembers too well the feel of the walls pressing down on him or the way his legs cramped after staying still for too long. It burns in the back of his throat now, to remember this. It hurts, to know that no one will come for the boy in front of him – because no one ever came for him, not really. He's moving before he realizes it, crouching in front of the small boy he used to be, looking straight into his own emerald eyes – only they're not his own, are they, because for all that this boy has already been through he still holds more tightly to his hopes than Harry could ever manage to these days. "Hello Harry. Would you like to come with me?" The words slip out of his mouth like they're the most natural thing, like the conclusion of some story Harry hadn't even know he had been writing, and Harry can see the moment they register in his younger self's mind by the way his eyes suddenly brighten, shining with tears and a terrifyingly fragile hope. And Merlin, but if this is a bad idea let it be the only one he ever needs to make, because right now, there is nothing he wouldn't do to keep that shivering hope alive and well – to keep this boy safe. Is it selfish, to want your younger self to be happy? Harry think it might be, but as the boy slips a (too) tiny hand in his, Harry finds himself contemplating the future this could bring, and he can't find in himself the will to regret it. But if this means that this Harry never has to spend another night locked in a cupboard again, let him be selfish. If this means that this Harry can grow up with something akin to real family, then anything Harry does or has ever done will have been worth it. Will be worth it. Of course there are some things to consider first. Harry will have to deal with the Dursleys – it shouldn't be too hard, Harry knows, and it is terribly bittersweet to know that the boy's only blood family will probably let him go easily. He will have to make himself room in this time too – will probably have to change his name too, because there can only be one Harry Potter, and that place should be taken by the one who has all of his life before him. There are so many things he could do, even more he will do, probably, and it almost seems like more than he can bear, more than he can possibly conceive. But his younger self is hanging on his hand like it's his only lifeline, and his eyes are full of hope and joy for all that they're guarded still, and well, there's no way Harry can turn back now. No way he can't do anything but protect the kid. It makes him shiver, to think of the lengths he already knows he would go to do just that – but well, if anyone deserves it, it would be this child, who is already pulling at his heartstrings in the way every person precious to him always does. "Are you alright?" "I'm fine, Harry, don't worry about me," he answers with a kind smile, ruffling the boy's hair with his free hand. The boy's eyes are wide and he almost flinches, and Harry's heart feels too big for his chest. The boy bites his lips but he keeps staring, and when Harry moves his hand away he asks, "Can I really go with you?" "Of course," Harry answers. They stop in front of the door and Harry kneels, letting go of the boy's hand to place his on the kid's shoulders. "As long as you want to." The boy's eyes water and he nods voicelessly before he moves and before he knows it Harry's being hugged. It steals his breath away and Harry himself even has to blink a few tears away as he pats the boy on the back somewhat awkwardly. "Of course I want to," comes the boy's muffled voice against Harry's shirt, and Harry's lips quirk up as they echo exactly the thoughts he would have had in the boy's place. "Well then you'll be coming with me." The boy's answering smile, when he leans back to look up at Harry's face, is radiant. Harry's knees creak when he stands up – a fact that makes his young counterpart giggle shyly – and Harry ignores it with practiced ease. The boy takes his hand again and holds it tighter than ever, and he seems to almost vibrate with excitement as Harry finally moves to open the door. It opens easily, a silent invitation to come inside that Harry accepts readily, his younger self half a step behind, huddled against his legs. This too, feels like stepping right into a memory. It is so much more potent however: where Privet's Drive was simply uncomfortably familiar, this feels like a punch to the gut. The cupboard that used to be his – that in this timeline, still belongs to the shy but bright boy who holds his hands – is closed, as it always is, but for all that it looks so common-place in this house, to Harry's eyes it looks like a gaping wound, raw and bleeding. He's surprised at the strength of his anger – a burning fire storming in his gut, turning the edges of his vision just a little red, where he only expected the dying embers of the resentment mixed with the regret of lost opportunities he's long come to associate with his blood family. But, he realizes slowly, this time he's not angry for himself – or well, not as such – but on the behalf of someone else, and if there's one thing Harry's learned about himself is that his anger can be a frightening thing when it's caused by injustice done to others. It is only because his anger won't serve him well that he swallows it back, promising himself to deal with it later. He won't hurt the Dursleys, not even now, but there are so many ways to curse them without actually harming them. Sometimes, Harry even thinks the Marauders invented them all, and for all that Harry has never really acted on those instincts, he is still the son of a prankster and the godson of another – the Dursleys will never see it coming. They find Petunia in the kitchen. Dudley isn't here – probably with his 'friends', running around the neighborhood and terrorizing every kid they find – and Vernon is at work, and for that Harry is truly grateful. This will go so much easier with just Petunia to deal with. Petunia, for all that she hides it exceptionally well, holds in her heart at least a modicum of something like 'love' for her nephew, unlike the rest of her family. If she thinks he won't harm the boy – well, not more than they do anyway – and that he won't come back for her family, she will probably let him go without much of a fight. His aunt looks exactly as he remembers. She has maybe a few less wrinkles, but she holds herself with the same kind of rigid strength as she busies herself in the kitchen, and her voice sounds as shrill as he can recall when she finally spots them. "Who are you?! How did you get in?!" Behind him, his younger self shuffles closer. Harry can see the moment Petunia realizes the boy is there as well because her lips purse even more, turning so thin as to be almost invisible, and her grips tightens on the back of the chair she'd grabbed when she had first noticed him. He can tell the moment she takes in his features, so similar to the nephew she's been raising, and comes to the conclusion that whoever he is, he's the boy's family. She doesn't relax, not entirely, but knowing the woman's interactions with the magical world, Harry doesn't think he can blame her. She does look slightly less suspicious though, and Harry will take it. "Who are you?" She repeats, tone biting and insistent. He can