I have been actually working on this for a year. I would've finished this sooner if writer's block hadn't been plaguing me. But since the release of Mockingjay Part 2 is around the corner, I managed to get some inspiration to finish it. It's a little unpolished since I haven't been writing for a long time. Warning for possible OOC-ness. Blood everywhere. Broken limbs, loose teeth, eyes empty. Lips formed to say a word, a word that was never spoken. Katniss . No, no, no. She can't. She can't. She― Katniss . She screams. "Katniss, it's been seven months." Seven months. Seven months since she saw the bullet penetrate his skull. Seven months since she saw his body fall into the water. Seven months since she saw his body getting smashed between rocks and unrelenting waves. Seven months since she last saw his lifeless form. Seven months . Katniss feels like throwing up. She tries not to show it. "And?" Haymitch leans forward in his seat, with crossed arms and his gaze as hard as ever. "I'm assigning you a new partner." A lump forms in her throat. Partners have always been trouble for her. Partners always leave their pain with her. Partners, partners, partners. Anyone who becomes her partner is in for a whole lot of pain. Just ask Peeta or Boggs or― "No." Haymitch cocks an eyebrow. "No?" "No." "Katniss―" "Haymitch, I don't need a partner. I'm fine with working alone." "But now you don't have to," he counters. She scoffs. "I'm better off alone." Haymitch sighs. "Katniss, I know that you're still grieving. But―" "I don't need a partner," she snaps. "You know me. You know well what happens to the people you assign me with." Haymitch is quiet for a moment. "I know, I know. But you know this isn't my decision. It's Coin's." Coin's, Coin's, Coin's. Katniss barks out a laugh. "Apparently Coin still hasn't figured out that whoever works with me either loses a limb, a sense of a―a..." She closes her eyes and inhales slowly. God knows why she loves to torture herself. Haymitch isn't one for pity. He understands that in the world of assassins and spies, there is no room for pity. And so does she. It is no wonder people tell them they are so alike, that they understand one another. "Katniss―" She interrupts him with a weary sigh. She doesn't want to know what he'll say. All she wants to do is crawl under her covers and sleep for all eternity. "Who is it?" His grey eyes appraises her for a short moment, before flickering over to his desk top. "Finnick Odair." He says his name as if she already knows. Finnick Odair. She knows who he is ― the ghost of a man she has never met, the tales that haunt him and the darkness that loved him in the shadows. Her lips quirk to the side. "Where's he? Too big-headed to show up?" "Agent Odair is currently out on fieldwork. He'll probably be back in fifty-three hours." Haymitch pauses. "But knowing him, he'll be back in thirty-seven." Finnick is back in seventeen hours. She meets him outside her local Starbucks. He's in a trench-coat, a black fedora propped on his bronze hair, a scarf wrapped around his neck, a cancer stick between his fingers and thirteen minutes late when he approaches her. "Why would a fine woman such as yourself be outside on a chilly day like this?" Katniss casts him an aloof glance. She wants to feel the cool breeze on her face. Starbucks is much too warm for her. But he doesn't to know any of that. "Well, this fine woman decided to stand outside on this chilly day because she wanted to. This fine woman doesn't see why it's this man's business to ask." He slips the cigarette between his teeth and blows a ringlet towards the sky, making Katniss wrinkle her nose. She has never been fond of cigarette smoke. "Maybe this fine woman and this man should go in and get some coffee together...and get to know each other better." "Maybe this fine woman would rather castrate this man," she replies dryly. He lets out a chuckle. "Good answer, Katniss Everdeen. Good answer." The smile gracing his lips doesn't waver. Katniss nods. "Finnick Odair," she coldly greets. He mockingly bows. "At your service." The smirk returns to his lips. He holds out his arm. "Shall we?" She doesn't take him up on his offer and steps back inside. The aroma of roast coffee beans overwhelms her senses. She's never been fond of coffee itself, but she likes the smell. Peeta is nursing a mug of hot chocolate and biting into a blueberry muffin in a remote corner when she approaches him. "Hey," he greets her. "Is he here yet?" She shrugs. "Outside. Might take a while. He's probably in shock that someone actually rejected his advances for once." Peeta flashes her a grin. "Would've loved to see that." His eyes travel to his muffin and frowns. "This muffin needs more sugar. It's tasteless. And hard as rock." Katniss pulls up a chair. "That is one reason why I don't like Starbucks." "Katniss, you only hate Starbucks because they forgot your order." "I lost five bucks to those scammers!" "That was three years ago!" Katniss is about to retort when Finnick comes by, slipping onto the chair between the two. "Hello, Mellark. How's the intel department treating you?" Her body freezes but her eyes, goddamn her eyes, travel down to his prosthetic. She still gets nightmares about that mission. Peeta shrugs. "It's okay, I guess. Lots of stuff to learn. It's different from being out on the field, you know?" Katniss bites the corner of her lip and scratches the inside of her palm. Your fault your fault your fault . When Finnick comes back with his own coffee, Peeta hands them a folder each. It's always the same old thing, either infiltration, theft, assassination, retrieval, information gathering, or even a random mix. Katniss wonders why she hasn't left this life. Then again, this is the only life she has ever known. This mission is of infiltration and information gathering – infiltrate Capitol's main building in London. Gather proof of their involvement in drug trafficking. "Well," Finnick says after scanning the folder's contents. "Seems easy enough." She inwardly scoffs. He's forgetting one of the key rules of espionage and assassinations – never underestimate anything. Unfortunately for her, it is easy. They're in and out of that hundred-storey building in less than an hour. "Crane's security sucks," Finnick voices out in her hotel room later. How he got in, she doesn't know. "Either he has really poor judgement or is stupid and senile." "Why complain?" she asks, stopping herself from further sharpening her knife to look up at him. "We got in and out just fine. No blood spilled, no injuries to take into account." She resumes her task. "Besides, you did say it would be easy." "But seriously though, when I accidentally―" "Finnick," Katniss says, exasperated. "Just shut up." He pauses to waggle his eyebrows at her, a playful smirk playing on his lips. "I'll shut up if you kiss me." Katniss turns back to her knife. "No." "Can I give you one?" She points the blade at him. It glimmers under the dim lighting. Just like his irises. "You wouldn't if you valued your life." Finnick just flashes his pearly whites. It blinds her momentarily. "Did I ever tell you that Finnick is an asshole?" Peeta shrugs, fiddling with one of her arrows. "Nope. But you're not the first to tell me." Katniss sighs, before drawing her bow. "Someone please tell me why he's my partner." "Because of Haymitch?" Katniss shakes her head. "If Haymitch was in charge, he wouldn't even let me continue in the field." "True." Katniss' arrow embeds itself on the dummy's head. Peeta hands her his arrow. "Peeta?" "Yeah." She nocks an arrow. "Why?" Peeta is quiet for a moment. "Because everybody deserves to begin again." They're a success for the next months. Katniss supposes it's a good thing. Finnick is as excellent as they say – he takes things serious when the situation calls for it, highly proficient in close combat and resourceful in information gathering. She will never tell him this but Katniss is especially grateful for his talent in acting. Ever since they have become a duo, she doesn't need to speak as much as before during undercover sequences. She's never not a good actress. But he's still infuriatingly annoying sometimes, with unnecessary flirts and small talk and toothy grin. She hates his grin most of all. He looks like a total jackass with it. But then there are times when his mask cracks and she sees him for who he is - jaded, tired and angry. And then he patches it up and returns with another smile. She doesn't blame him for hiding himself. It's the same for her. "So," Finnick begins. "I never got to ask you, what's your favourite coffee?" They're sitting at a French cafe, waiting for their target to show up. Katniss fingers the overly extravagant sun hat propped on her head. She makes a mental note give Finnick an uppercut for choosing such an outrageous headset when they're done with this mission. One of her eyebrows arches. "You don't know?" "Should I know?" She twirls her 'engagement ring' out of boredom. The last thing Katniss wants to be is Finnick's fiancée, even if it's for undercover purposes. Sure, it's fake and all but it's hard to pretend to be in love with someone, especially when your heart is already iced and your acting chops are non-existent. "Well, I am your fiancée." "You don't really drink coffee when we're together." It isn't a 'really'. She never has. "Maybe I don't want anyone to know. Privacy." Finnick scoffs. "Privacy? Really, darling ?" Scratch that, she won't give him just an uppercut. She'll hand him a nice kick aimed at his groin. "Well I take what I can get, right?" "Hm, true. Adds to the mystery and all." He takes a sip. "What's your favourite colour?" "Do I have to tell you that too?" He shrugs. "Why not? I'll tell you mine if you want." Katniss leans back in her seat. "Okay then, what's your favourite colour?" "Green," he replies automatically. "Like my eyes." She can't tell whether he's pulling her leg or not. Katniss rolls her eyes at his wolfish grin but her own lips can't help but curl upwards. "How vain of you." She's thankful yet again for Finnick's acting skills and yes , maybe his chattiness and banter. She wouldn't be able to pull off the romance angle if it isn't for him. "But you still love me, don't you?" "Apparently," she says drily. He lifts his mug to his lips, subtly scanning the people behind her through his sunglasses. "Bitter," he states. He's here . She barely nods. "Go and get some sugar then." "Will do." Finnick stands, palming at his pockets. "Oh shit, I forgot my phone." Katniss feigns annoyance. "Again?" He flashes a smirk. "What can I say? I always can't think straight when I'm with you." She doesn't have to pretend to show her disgust. He kisses her cheek. It's light and cool against her skin. "Be right back." He leaves. She takes a deep breath before pulling out her own phone. How is it? Katniss shrugs and signs, I guess it's okay. Finnick is a prick though . Boggs' lips twist into a snigger. Typical of him . They shift their focus to the children scurry around the playground. Their laughter fills Katniss' ears. She wonders if Boggs still cries himself to sleep over his loss of hearing, that he will never hear Peeta's laugh again or her voice. She still does every now and then. Boggs pats her thigh to grab her attention.