Acknowledgements: So much thanks to my bff, my awesome cousin and the AMAZING people at the AO3 writers facebook page who helped me with all of the various ways to say "bloody." You are why I was able to finish this and I appreciate every last one of you. Summary: (Rated M for violence, gore and VERY mild sexual situations) A darkness resides in Katniss Everdeen, a darkness that craves blood, and she is caught the first time she lets it loose. She won't let that stop her, though. It feels too good to finally free it and get revenge for her sister and herself. –Killer!Katniss– The streetlights only cast their brightness so far in this small town. It's a quaint place with tree lined streets and cozy shops; one of those picturesque places they use for movie sets rather than the sometimes ramshackle, parochial places that you're usually much more likely to find in the south. In a place like this, with barely more than four thousand, it was easy to find who I'd come back home for. 'There he goes,' I smirk to myself, feeling triumphant. Objectively, the blonde man walking out of the café is beautiful. He wears a warm beanie over his normally disheveled blonde hair, a thick, well-made coat over his lean muscled torso and jeans that fit snugly over all the right places... And I've been looking for him for weeks. After nearly three fruitless weeks I finally received some luck. I was fortunate enough, only two days ago, I'd literally run into an old high school acquaintance. Madge was one of those overly friendly, never-met-a-stranger types. When I'd turned a corner, accidentally ramming right into her and sending her sprawling to the ground, she had actually apologized to me . I helped her up and tried to make a quick getaway but she was already in mid-conversation and she turned to walk with me. I didn't say much, I never do, but she kept a steady pace in her speech that reminded me of my sweet sister, so I tried to be as amiable as possible. It isn't until she mentions his name that I actually join in on the conversation, though. "…date on Thursday," she was rambling excitedly. "I'm meeting him at Darius' café. You remember Darius, right? He was older than us. I think he was in the same year as-" Realization of what she was saying comes crashing through me. "No!" I nearly scream at her in my agitation. Madge startles and I realize that I've grabbed her wrist tightly and pulled us both to a stop in the middle of the sidewalk. I let go quickly. "What's wrong, Katniss?" she asks quietly as she rubs her wrist. "Don't meet him. Don't talk to him at all. Please, believe me. I made that mistake the summer after our high school graduation. He…He just…is awful," I finish lamely but I was shaking with rage and I could see the worry on Madge's face as she took in my state. We hadn't been close but we had spoken a few times in school and I could only hope she would know me enough take my warning seriously. I could feel the blackness rising up in me as I thought of him so after I made her promise she'd stay away from him, albeit confusedly, I took off running back to my motel room. I needed to finish up my preparations quickly. Thursday I went to the café thirty minutes before he was supposed to show up, hoping Madge had kept her word and hadn't even bothered to cancel. Things were going my way. He showed up and waited for only ten minutes before pulling out his phone, typing a quick message and leaving the table angrily. "See ya Tuesday evening, as usual," he practically growls to Darius, who is behind the counter chatting with some customers. Darius waved him out, and amiably went back to his conversation. With that, I didn't even have to follow him as I'd planned. I now knew where he'd be and I knew what I needed to do. Tonight, I'm finally ready. I move out from behind the row of neatly trimmed trees to follow him, unnoticed. I am sure to keep far enough away but still close enough that I don't lose him. My heart sings when he turns down an unlit side street and I'm overcome with happiness. Our time has come. I wait until he's halfway down the street to finally speak. "Hey there, stranger." I use the most seductive voice I can muster in such an exciting, nerve-wracking moment. He spins quickly, gracefully, and I pretend for a moment that he's just excited to see me as I am for him. The only bit of light drains in from the street lights behind me so I know that I am covered in darkness. There's just enough light illuminating his marvelous face when he turns that I can see his eyes squint at me in recognition. I know he remembers my voice. He should. I screamed enough for him during our time together that I would be offended if he didn't. Obviously he can't place it, however. "Hey... you," he finally replies. He begins walking toward me, a deep, attractive swagger in step. He's cocky and is stepping up his preening. He knows how attractive he is and I can tell he's planning to use it on me. I begin to move forward slowly, a deliberate swing to my hips as I meet him before he gets too close to the busier street that's still just behind me. "Did you miss me?" I ask him, knowing what he'll say, knowing he still doesn't really know who I am. His hands move immediately to a point low on my hips and I fight the repulsion and try to stay still so I don't mess up this chance. There's no question what he's planning for me when he answers just the way I knew he would. "More than you know," he whispers huskily into my ear then he leans in, eyes closed, as if to kiss me. I can feel the anger flowing steadily, hot and swift like lava through my veins at his actions. He's been privileged with that face, his parents' money, his tall and lean body, and he uses it to exploit any woman who plays into it. He's so much bigger than my own slight frame, so much stronger. But I've planned accordingly. Finally, after wanting, needing, this for so long (for years before I even met him really), I use his distraction, his closed eyes, to gently pull the long syringe filled with ketamine from under my unzipped jacket. I glance down, minutely but attentive, at his neck to be sure it's in place before his lips meet mine. The hate, the excitement, the nervousness and the passion I feel all swirl inside me, stemming from his lush kiss. I smile, the excitement and sheer want winning the battle inside, and I force the needle into his flesh. He looks startled then, as the drug takes root, he begins to drop heavily. After wrestling his dead weight to the ground behind a garbage can that should keep him hidden well enough, I dash off to my car. I'm back and I'm trying to shove his heavy frame inside the back seat within two minutes. It takes time but eventually I have him all the way in the car. When he's finally settled enough, I slam the door and rush around to the driver's seat, wiping a few beads of sweat from my forehead. The fifteen minute drive to Haymitch's old, closed down convenience store is spent in silence, with me glancing up every few seconds to check the rear view mirror for signs of movement in the seat behind me. It took a while, but I have him inside the store owned by my dad's closest childhood friend and chained BDSM style by the neck to an exposed stud in the wall. I've left his arms free and when he finally wakes, I know it won't be a problem. The ketamine has him too weak and confused to even turn his head. "Wha….?" He tries to lift his face but it slides back down to rest on his chest. "How are you feeling?" I ask as I sidle up to him. "I-I'm…not…Did I…pass out…or…?" he trails off, eyebrows drawn together. A moment later, his face clears a bit and he says dreamily, "We were kissing." He grins at me. I can't help but smile back even though I know he still can't see me or the plastic sheets covering every nearby surface. I've made sure there are no lights on in the store until I'm ready for my big reveal, and each window is covered with dark paint. The man looks down at himself suddenly and tries to bring his hands up to his throat but they don't get far before they flop back down. "Is this…a chain?" he asks, those sculpted brows knitting together again. "It is. You asked me to, remember?" I'm lying and if he were in his right mind he'd be able to hear it clearly in my voice, but he'll be feeling the effects of the drugs I pumped into him for a while longer. "Oh," he drawls. "So….you can have your way with me?" He's trying to use that alluring grin of his but it comes out kind of lopsided and silly. I'm laughing now as I bend to my knees and lean in to his face. "Exactly." He's looking comfortable and secure in the knowledge that he's getting laid so I straddle his lap as he sits, legs sprawled at uncomfortable angles on the floor. He's just able to bring his palms to my upper thighs and he's trying to squeeze them but his fingers just spasm a bit on my legs. I kiss him again, deeply, using it to fuel the anger until I feel his hands coming up to my hips. I pull back from him but he follows my lips and uses my hips as leverage to grind his pelvis into mine. I'm disgusted by it but I allow him to travel down my throat while I tangle one hand in his hair and nonchalantly bring my other hand behind my back to pull my father's long hunting knife from its sheath. He is grunting in my ear, attacking my throat with nips and licks. He's thrusting against me –as much as he can- over and over and I can't keep the revulsion and venom to myself anymore. When he moves to kiss my lips again I drive the blade deep inside the taut flash of his belly with my right hand and hold his face to mine with all the strength I have in my left. I continue kissing him as he lets out a harsh yell. He's fighting against me now and for a moment fear trickles in that he might overpower me and this moment I've been waiting for will end. Before he can do more than moan in pain against my mouth, I yank the blade out and quickly thrust it against his throat. He stops trying to push me away when he feels it on his skin. His eyes are filled with as much pain as the ketamine allows and confusion and defiance. I can see clearly that he won't let it be easy, even drained of his strength as he is. I move to slash along his artery but I'm stopped by his voice. "No," he says forcefully against my mouth. He's more alert now, the high of his drug induced daze wearing off with the shock. His voice is strong but his body is weakening even more from the agony and blood loss. He pushes hard enough to remove his face just slightly out