It's an alternative story taking place at the beginning of the Mark of Athena. Everyone learns the secret Percy's been holding onto ever since his memories had fully returned but he had refused to speak until everyone had been gathered around, Annabeth including and everyone is shocked. Some aren't happy. What happened during the time Percy was asleep? What was the deal had had made with Hera? Who will take his place as one of the seven on the quest? How will the Titan Wars play out when a new card is thrown into the game, a god, one that even Gaea hadn't seen coming? *~0~0~0~* Jason's P.O.V. *~0~0~0~* As Jason stood aboard the Argo II , he hoped Camp Jupiter wasn't going to blast him, the ship and his friends right out of the sky. It would defeat the point of them coming all the way over here to negotiate some kind of peace treaty. What's the point of a peace treaty if one side of the party is already dead? Maybe he was overreacting. He did have plausible reason to panic though. They were flying in a warship, made by Greeks, with a ferocious looking dragon on the bow of the ship, flown by Greeks, with an old praetor thought to have been lost forever, with Greeks who were the Romans worst enemies. The Romans could easily shoot them out of the sky since they had all their defenses lowered, and everyone would be on edge anyways. If Camp Jupiter was having any problems like Camp Half-Blood was, they would be expecting something bad to happen around every corner. Or maybe just from right below them. Gaea did control the earth. It sounded like a plausible reason to worry to Jason. Jason took a deep breath to calm himself. Looking over the bow of the ship and past Festus who was making clicking sounds, probably speaking to Leo in their own weird language, Jason peered past the thin veil of clouds and at the rapidly approaching land of Camp Jupiter. It would be a few minutes until they could actually see the camp but he knew that they were already aware of them, the ship. They would have scouts and lookouts watching for them, sighting them and reporting them to the standing praetors. Jason straightened, though his tight grip on the hilt of his sword didn't let up, trying his best to look like the proud son of Zeus he was. Or Jupiter. It didn't matter much, right? No… it most definitely did. Jason wore his toga and purple cloak, symbols of his former position and Roman heritage, hopefully, this made him more recognizable and friendly looking to the camp. eing shot out of the sky in a dangerous, possibly explosive warship, right? Jason's grip tightened on the hilt of his sword. Yes, that was a definite yes. Behind him and over the wind, he could hear Piper reciting her lines for when they met the Romans, as well as her footsteps, light but trailing back and forth. He supposed she was pacing. "Lower your weapons, we just want to talk." Piper was mumbling and the effects were washing over Jason ever once in awhile. She wasn't even talking to him specifically but he couldn't get rid of the urge to step down from the bow and throw his golden sword to the ground. Piper was strong and getting stronger. The thought alone made him smile. But that smile quickly dissipated when he remembered Reyna and he swallowed a lump that formed in his throat. He could remember that he and Reyna, they had almost had a thing, would have if he hadn't lost his memories and it hurt him to think, to feel like he had somehow betrayed her by loving Piper instead. Guilt ate at him and sometimes, he couldn't sleep at night because of it. Then Jason's thoughts strayed to Annabeth. He could feel her intense gaze on him as he thought of her, as she studied his every move, his being, his entire self. Sometimes, that made him shiver. He couldn't blame her though. To her, it must have felt like her boyfriend was replaced by a new boy, goody two shoes. And what made it worst was that, if Jason had lost all his memories, those including Reyna, what if Annabeth's boyfriend, Percy Jackson, lost his memories of Annabeth? He saw how the blonde girl struggled to move through the day without losing all her composure, how tired she was all the time. What more, he heard from Piper that Annabeth cried herself to sleep many nights. Jason didn't really like, but he knew that somewhere in Annabeth, a part of her must hate him somehow for replacing her boyfriend, most likely never getting him back. Jason would have hated himself too, Hera or not. He wasn't going to even think about Hera at the moment, especially if he didn't want to accidentally start a thunderstorm or something of the like. Jason looked down again and he felt panic welling up inside him but he did his best to not show on his features, keeping a calm and coolly collected facade. Camp Jupiter came into focus and he felt like losing all his composure at once. Horns sounded from the valley below signifying the entire camp had seen them. He, in turn, could see the camp. It was beautifully ruined. No other way to put it. The city of New Rome was found at the edge of a blue, untouched lake. New Rome itself stood proud in all its glory and the doubles of famous landmarks were seen everywhere. The hippodrome, a long and dignified building, the coliseum with walls that left many architects staring awe, there were temples that stood gleaming in the sunlight, intricate structures that demanded attention, parks of lush green grasses and mighty trees stretching all around. Then there was the neighborhood of Seven Hills, an intricately laid out set of streets that wound its way about prosperous and colorful gardens along with striking and colorful villas. But New Rome was still beautifully ruined. There was debris littering the gardens, holes distorting the perfect images of the once amazing buildings and structures that still persevered, standing despite the wreckage. Cracks had appeared in the massive structures and one building was crushed entirely, only rubble remained. Some places were scattered with craters and fountains, small statures were in ruins. Spoils of war, signs of war, the taxes of war were everywhere. New Rome was the battlefield and any to look upon it would see that. The horns sounded again and Jason saw people, kids really, in togas pouring out of the Senate House. More Romans were gathering and coming from the city from cafes, shops, other small buildings. Then, from the direction of the Roman fort on a hill where the horns were blowing, a column of demigods were marching and heading on their way towards the city and to them with the war elephant, Hannibal, among them. Jason swallowed hard. The ship was still high over the ground, several hundred feet or so and they couldn't land before the demigods reached them but then, Jason knew that they couldn't get past the Pomeranian Line. Then again, could they? A loud BOOM sounded behind Jason and he almost sighed. Of course not. "Unacceptable!" Terminus shouted and Jason really did sigh before turning around to find the statue face to face with Annabeth who looked too surprised to react to the talking statue. "I will not have weapons inside the Pomerian Line! I certainly will not have Greeks!" Jason made eye contact with Annabeth and tried to relay to the other blonde that he could handle this. He held up his hands in a placating gesture and stepped forward to Terminus. "Terminus," he began. "It's me, Jason Grace." Apparently, the statue wasn't in the mood. Not like he ever was though. "Oh, I remember you , Jason!" Terminus replied snappily, glaring balefully at Jason and it took all his will not to roll his eyes. "I thought you had better sense than to consort with the enemies of Rome!" Jason, if he could have and if he wasn't feeling any of the panic or adrenaline he felt at the moment, would have strangled the statue, not at all good for his sanity. "But they're not enemies-" he tried again but Piper jumped in. He was thankful but he knew her charmspeak wouldn't work on a statue. Especially not this statue. "That's right," she said. "We just want to talk. If we could-" Terminus cut her off and Jason mumbled incoherent words that were none too Praetor friendly. Thank goodness the others weren't paying attention to him because it could damage his seemingly perfect picture. "Ha!" Terminus snapped. "Don't try that charmspeak on me , young lady. And put down that dagger before I slap it out of your hands!" Jason sucked in a breath as he watched the scene play out. He should really do something but dealing with Terminus really wasn't one of those somethings he wanted to do. He saw Piper look down at the dagger in her hand, confusion clearly shown on her features. "Okay, but, you don't have hands," she pointed out and Jason suppressed and much unnecessary smile. The statue having hands or not was irrelevant and Jason was well aware of it. "Impertinence!" Terminus yelled indignantly. A pop sounded in the air and Jason sighed again as Piper yelped and dropped the dagger which was smoking with sparks flying off it. Jason really had to do something. "Lucky for you," the statue continued. "I've just been through a battle. If I had been at full strength, I would have blasted this flying monstrosity out of the sky already!" Jason saw Leo prepared to step up to the statue for insulting his ship (which, he agreed, was unfair) and he chose that moment to intercede, avoiding unnecessary popping and invisible slapping. Jason stepped forward in between the approaching Leo and Terminus who gave the Latino boy a scathing glare. "Terminus, let's approach this matter more civilly than uncivilly, which would be rather a Greek's way of going about it." He glanced at Annabeth who looked more than offended but he tried letting her know, through eye contact that he meant no offense at all. It looked like she understood and decided not to hit him upside the head. Jason looked back at Terminus who seemed to think about his words heavily before grumbling. "What is it that needs to be spoken of then?" he said, begrudgingly. "We're on a mission of peace." Jason said calmly. "We just need permission to land so that-" "Impossible! Absolutely not!" Terminus half screamed and Jason gave the statue his own baleful glare. "I will not have weapons within the Pomerian Line and this whole ship , qualifies as a weapon! Lay down your weapons and surrender! Leave this city and never return!" "Wait, which is it?" Leo asked and Jason looked at the other. "Leave or surrender?" He glared at Leo too who smiled goofily. "Both!" Terminus squeaked. "Surrender, than leave! I am slapping your face for asking such a stupid question, you ridiculous boy! Do you feel that?" Jason felt like slapping his own face in exasperation. The statue was senile, he had to be. Especially if he thought he was slapping Leo when Leo was behind Jason, as well as not reacting at all to the 'slaps'. Leo's curiosity was peaked if his expression of interest was anything to go by and Jason watched as Leo bypassed him, trading his Wii controller that steered the ship for a screw driver. "Wow," Leo muttered. "You're wound up pretty tight. You got any screws that need loosening. I can take a look." Leo started tapping Terminus's head who was highly offended by it and was shouting non-stop for the boy