Prologue The Third Age Year 2938 Gilraen* rubbed her tired eyes and looked over to see what her son was up to. Estel** was sitting by the fire playing with his toy soldiers. 'It is time for bed, dear. Put your things away.' After telling him a rather long tale of a long ago battle, she leaned over kissed his forehead. 'Good night, Estel. Sleep well.' 'Oh, Mama, one more story. Please? Just one more?' he begged. She sighed and shook her head in resignation. 'Alright, just one more; a very tiny one.' She sat and thought for a moment and began, 'Once upon a time, there was a queen named Beruthiel…' A few short minutes later, she said, 'and now good night!' Estel stared at her. 'But what happened, Mama? Was there really a Beruthiel? She's not on the list.' He had been studying the Book of Kings for the last month. 'Yes, she was real, and no she isn't. I'll tell you the true story some other night. Now good night!' She picked up her candle and tried to make a quick exit before her curious son could finish puzzling out her words and ask a thousand more questions. 'Aw, Mama, no fair!' She turned at his accusation, gave him one final kiss and said, 'Sometimes life isn't fair, my son. Never forget that!' 'Aw, Mama,' came one last sleepy protest. Sitting alone at last, her thoughts turned back to Beruthiel. There really was a lot more to the story, some of it too mature for Estel, but he deserved to hear it someday. Knowing life truly wasn't fair and was without guarantees she got out a quill, parchment and ink and began to write. It was her duty to do so. The Third Age Year 3019 Arwen walked into her new husband's library and found him staring at a book with an odd look on his face. 'What is that, dearest?' 'It's from your father.' She laughed. 'No wonder you're frowning. Is it more Elven advice and wisdom?' 'No, he only delivered it. It is from my mother,' Aragorn sighed. 'Gilraen?' She almost said but she has been dead for decades but thought better of it. No need to bring up that shadow; he knew it all too well. 'Whatever can it be?' 'It is apparently a story about Queen Beruthiel. Have you ever heard of her?' he asked. Arwen frowned in thought. 'I think so. Something about cats and not being very nice but nothing more. Why would your mother write this down and my father keep it for all these years?' 'There is a letter, too. It says: Dearest Estel, I told you the official version of Queen Beruthiel tonight, but I realized that you will need to have the real one should you ever become king someday. As I am the last woman of my line, I am writing this down in case time and the tides of fate should tear us apart before I get a chance to tell you the unofficial version.' 'It's funny. I remember that evening. I always wondered about that queen. My mother hinted that there was more, but she never got around to telling me the rest of it.' He gently stroked the cover of the book as memories flooded back. 'And that's the story? Oh, Aragorn read it to me!' He slowly opened the cover of the book and began to read…. The First Age Year 850 Almost from the day she was born, Beruthiel knew she would be auctioned off to the highest bidder for the benefit of her family. 'Sons inherit, daughters marry,' her father told her early and often. 'I will find you a fine husband some day; one that can afford you.' It didn't matter to Beruthiel. The sooner she married the better. Her parents were cold and distant, even cruel on occasion and her brothers were much older. Her days were spent in the company of nannies, dancing masters, teachers and protocol instructors. 'You must be well-rounded and educated if you are to attain a decent place at court,' her mother sniffed. 'Stand up straight, Beruthiel. Nobility does not slouch!' Beruthiel listened and learned if for no other reason than if she didn't she was punished swiftly and severely. Early on, it was made clear that failure was not an option. 'When it is time, you must be ready, child,' Nanny said. 'Your father is counting on you making a good marriage. The estate has suffered in recent years and he needs you to impress some wealthy man.' She nodded dutifully anytime anyone said these things. Protest was futile. In many ways, she looked forward to marriage. She would have a home of her own and, if she was lucky, a kind husband. If she was not, she dreaded to think of the consequences. She had attended several weddings where a young woman was given to a man far beyond her in age. Many of them had bad breath and some made passes at Beruthiel after the ceremony. She shuddered to think of having to marry such a one. Beruthiel grew into a stately woman. She was not beautiful, or so her mother always told her. 'You'll do. Many men do not want a ravishing beauty anyway. That kind has to be watched too closely. See that you keep to your husband's bed until you bear him at least two children, maybe more,' her practical mother intoned. 'After that, be discreet.' Beruthiel wondered if that meant her mother warmed some other man's bed. She had borne four sons and a daughter. 'But Mother, I thought marriage bound me to one for life?' she asked as a naive twelve-year-old. She had just begun her first monthly and her mother was giving her ' the little talk'. Her mother snorted. 'That is all well and good in theory, my child, but in real life? We must take our pleasures when they present themselves after we have borne a few children. Mustn't confuse the bloodlines! You will understand better some day.' This talk served only to confuse Beruthiel if not the bloodlines. Her chief claim was her height and her hair which was raven black. It hung down her back in a thick braid that Nanny interwove with flowers or gems depending on the occasion. 'You are tall enough to wed a true Numenorean!' Nanny often told her. Beruthiel knew that she had Numenorean blood in her veins, no matter how diluted. So she grew and learned and listened to her parents plans for her future until the day came for it to unfold before her. There was a knock at her door. 'Enter', Nanny called. A maid came in and bowed. 'Your father orders your presence, Miss Beruthiel.' Beruthiel leaped to her feet. 'Oh Nanny, now what? What complaint does he have?' She started to rush to the door. One did not keep her father waiting. 'Wait, child, your dress!' Nanny exclaimed. Beruthiel was wearing a comfortable linen dress that would appall her father and bring his wrath down upon her head. Beruthiel looked down at the comfortable gown and began to tear at the laces down the front. Behind her Nanny and the maid searched the wardrobe for something more suitable. Finally a heavy, stiff velvet dress was lifted over her head and tightly laced to her body. She ran as quickly as the dress would allow but slowed before reaching her father's rooms. It made no difference. He knew she had been running. 'Late as always,' he grumbled but without the usual snide tone. 'Sit!' She sat before him with downcast eyes. Beruthiel had learned years ago to never look directly at her father. He considered it a sign of rebellion and rebellion was usually rewarded with a beating. Outwardly, she no longer rebelled. It wasn't worth it. 'I have good news at last. Someone has requested your hand in marriage.' So that was what this was all about. Beruthiel knew her father considered all girls a waste and she was a particularly large waste since he had to support her. 'Yes, Father,' was all she said. 'Don't you want to know who?' he asked almost playfully. 'Yes, Father,' she said again more out of obligation than real desire. Whoever it was would probably be horrible. 'None other than Falastur!' her father crowed. Almost against her will, her head came up. 'F-Falastur the king?' Despite raising her eyes, she still didn't look at his face but a brief sideways look had revealed a rapacious smile. 'Yes, none other than King Tarannon Falastur ; a pparently one of the many portraits I sent out caught his eye.' Beruthiel's father had long blamed her plainness for her slowness to wed. Although she was not yet thirty which was still young for a part-Numenorean, he had despaired of shuffling her off onto a husband and ridding himself the expense of a useless daughter. The traditional portraits had been painted and sent the length and breadth of Gondor to find a taker. 'When, Father?' was all she could think to say. 'One month from tomorrow we will leave for Osgiliath,' he said rubbing his hands at the thought. Her heart thudded in her chest. One month and she would be free! Or would she? She boldly asked, 'And you father? Will you take a position at court?' He snorted. 'Absolutely not. I have no patience for that drivel, and it is too far away. No Beruthiel, I will have to trust that you do not sully the family name in my absence.' 'Yes, Father,' she said yet again. Beruthiel knew this meant that her bride price was to be paid in gold. Once he had that, her father would not care what became of her. Mentally she sighed in relief. Free from her parents at last. Nothing the king would do with her could be any worse and it might be better. 'Go now to your mother,' he ordered. Without another word, she left her father. A short time later she stood before her mother eyes again cast down. If anything, her mother was quicker to anger than her father, and she had to spend much more time with her. 'It's about time you got here!' her mother exclaimed. 'With only a month to prepare we will have to work night and day to get your wardrobe ready.' ' You mean the maids and seamstresses will work night and day ,' Beruthiel thought but said only, 'Yes, Mother.' There was one last battle with her father before they parted forever (at least Beruthiel hoped it was forever). The day before they were to leave, she stood before him once again. 'You and I will leave early on the morrow. Your mother will follow with your ridiculously expensive wardrobe in another two days.' Beruthiel refrained from commenting on the stiff, heavy dresses that had been made for her. She intended to rid herself of them as quickly as possible. 'And Nanny? Will she go with us or with Mother?' she dared to ask. 'Nanny? Why ever would I bring Nanny along? You are a grown woman, Beruthiel although you seldom act like one. Nanny will be retired when you depart.' 'No, she will come with me. I want her at my wedding as a guest not a servant. She means more to me than anyone.' For the first time in years she raised her head and stared him directly in the eyes. Immediately he began to raise his hand to quell this rising rebellion. 'Would you send damaged goods to the king, Father?' she taunted as she lifted her chin even further and intensified the stare. Slowly the hand came down. 'Be thankful there is not enough time for you to heal, girl.' 'And Nanny? She will come?' Her father looked into the eyes of his only daughter and saw the steel that she had hidden from