A/N: I am back for Valentine's Day! Yay consumerism! I'd tell you all about it, but really? THIS IS A SMUT WARNING (M/F/M) ! Turn back if you can't handle it! Enjoy! :) Synopses: Blaise and Theodore help Susan find her backbone. Disclaimer: I don't own HP or the band In This Moment, nor am I affiliated with either in any way. Chapter 1. Bones The mid-spring air was warm the night that Susan Bones worked in the greenhouses, checking the soil as she hummed to herself idly. She was alone, and she was oh so grateful for it. With the hubbub of the Carrows and Slytherins basically running the beloved school, Susan had been more than happy to accept the task from Sprout of readying the Mandrakes for the firsties' Advanced Herbology the next morning. If it meant being out of the common room, away from the dread and fear that exuded from her housemates, Susan would do anything! The R of R was even worse! She'd felt completely stifled by it all, how everyone had to sit back and take the abuse as He Who Must Not Be Named closed in on them. Everyone who spoke out against the Carrows, or the Slytherins, were severely punished, and this did not help what Susan felt was her biggest shortcoming. She felt that her worst quality was her inability to speak up for herself. She liked to think that she could do so for others; be brave… Of course that had been before the war had begun to rage. Even still, she was shite at protecting herself especially . But the war was coming to a head, she knew it, and she held on to the dream that the terror would end soon. Susan had been feeling that feeling one got when they knew something bad was about to happen. Luna's return, after being held captive and spending time with "mutual friends", had been enough to give the Light side hope. She'd told Neville, Ginny, and Susan- and no one else, mind you- that she'd seen Harry, Ron and Hermione during Easter Holiday only weeks ago, and she knew the Trio would be back by the end of the school year. Sue had taken this to heart, and with the school year's end not even two months away she couldn't shake the feeling of anxiety and stress. No one could. It was killing them all, even those who controlled the school, and "rested easy". Voldemort was slowly killing them, everyone , even if he wasn't there in the castle. Susan felt like she was close to death, because the words that died in her throat every time she wanted to say something were making her feel like she was dying with them. But what could she do? She was one Hufflepuff, and not even a brave one like Cedric, or a cocky loud-mouth like Justin. She was just Susan Bones; meek, quiet, somewhere far behind the curtain. The night prior when Neville and Ginny had been publicly punished for yet another attempt to break into Snape's quarters, and the Gryffindor witch had irritated Alecto so thoroughly that the Professor had Crucio'd the red-head, only to do it multiple times as the young witch refused to cry out in pain; crying through the curse, and tearing her lip with her teeth. Susan had done nothing, and this war had taken all it could from her… even her self-proclaimed trait of "selfless bravery". The witch continued her work for almost an hour- with the shadow of her old friend "happiness"- previous to being interrupted. She was so caught up in her work that she hadn't heard them enter, not until one of the intruders startled her by saying from a meter behind her, "Evening, Bones." Susan turned from her work to see two Slyths had sauntered in; the devilishly handsome Blaise Zabini and incredibly sexy Theodore Nott. Or, they would be those things if they weren't horrible tools. Fear took her instantly, because however shaggable every witch agreed the two were, they were always brutally rude, and, more often than not, treated everyone like Hippogriff dung. She was afraid to be alone with them because they could tell Malfoy to take away points, or even curse her, and Susan wouldn't be able to do a thing about it. They said horrible things to her housemates, and, to go the farthest route possible, they could kill her and claim she'd tried to curse them, or escape. Come what may, Susan's moment of peaceful bliss was officially over; completely ruined. "Wh- what are you doing here?" she asked them. It was a little late for students to be out, aside from Prefects, those in detention, and those with special permission, like Susan. But Theo and Blaise were not Prefects, and they weren't high enough on the food chain to be wandering around at eleven o'clock on a Tuesday. Theo scoffed as he rested his hands in his pockets, then leaned against the doorjamb, looking to Blaise with a smirk. Blaise was the one to actually answer her, saying, "The Carrows gave Malfoy and Parkinson the job of watching over the Weaselette's detention tonight, so Theo and I have to make rounds… You're not a Prefect. What are you doing here?" Susan licked her lips nervously. Blaise had taken two steps towards her while he spoke, and with his height the fact that he was a meter away still made her feel that he was towering over her. "Ye- yes," she managed. "Sp- Sprout told the Carrows that I was going to get the Mandrakes ready for the first years tomorrow." "Did she now?" Theo asked, and Susan's green eyes darted to the slightly shorter, pale Slytherin as he spoke. "She did," Susan answered, mustering all her nerve. The two looked like prowling panthers- dressed in all black with mischievous smirks that played brightly on green and blue eyes- and fear made a bigger home in the pit of her stomach. "Well…" Blaise paused, evaluated her from her toes to her head, said, "You're not much a threat. I could see them allowing that." Susan was affronted at his words, because she felt she was as capable as any other witch. She may have hailed from a "muddled background" as many begrudgingly reminded her almost daily, but Susan only believed that that made her stronger. She had been exposed to both worlds at birth, and she knew how to move within both by the time she was five… though with a few mishaps… And even with those misfortunate events, Susan was an advocate for peace, so she didn't comment on Blaise's obvious derision. She didn't want any trouble with any Slytherin. The war was beginning to enlighten Susan in different ways, and courage was more frequent a visitor; Gryffindor becoming more and more her sub-House every moment she lived in the castle. But, with that came her Slytherin and her Ravenclaw, and all compasses pointed to "Now is not the time for a fight; not here, not now, not with them ." "We should keep an eye on her just in case," Theo suggested to his comrade. Susan started at this. She still had at least an hour's work to do, and she knew that they'd harass her endlessly if they stayed; leading to her failing at the special job she'd been given. Sprout was Susan's role-model, and she didn't want to disappoint her in any way. "You don't have to do that," she said with a little fear in her voice. "I don't- I don't want you two- harassing me." Her words had been hard enough for her to say, so they lacked all conviction. She almost trembled, because they looked like they were about to do something she would undoubtedly dislike. Theo chuckled at her, and Blaise shook his head with a smirk, retorting, "You don't even know, Bones…" She actually trembled at the tone in his deep voice. "You may be used to being picked on, but you don't know how we could harass a little innocent, Hufflepuff." She laughed. It was short, a half-giggle half-bark, and the Slytherin's easy, assured expressions changed into ones of surprise and confusion. She muttered gravitas, "You don't know me…" She turned from them then. Susan Bones was not innocent, Justin had seen to that, regrettably… and she may have been little in stature, but her courage was big when she was faced with injustice. Hogwarts was experiencing mass injustice, and the two Slytherins that stood before her were perpetuating that system. Hufflepuffs got picked on quite often by Slytherins, but if you pushed them hard enough they'd turn into badgers, and feast on your fuckin' face. She'd never gotten so upset that she'd ever done so, but there was a first for everything. If they laid a hand on her, she'd do what she needed to to protect herself. "We don't know you. You're right," Theo admitted. "But is that an invitation?" Blaise asked, amused. "Do you want us to get to know you?" The flush that hit Susan's entire body made it to where she couldn't turn to face them initially. She wanted to, but the tinge on her skin so very obvious. She stared down at the Mandrake pot she'd been testing, her heart picking up its already quick pace as her mind raced with the possibilities. She'd never say yes to such a thing, but that didn't mean she didn't- for just a second- let herself imagine what it would be like to be held between the two gods that stood behind her. But she knew it was all a taunt, so she did not agree to it… But she didn't say anything either, and this caused Theo to say loudly in surprise, "Merlin..! She's considering it!" She did turn at this, a defiant glare on her features, and stated loudly, "I am not! I'm hoping that if I ignore you, you'll leave me alone." "No way," Theo said as he moved into the room to stand next his counterpart, "You were just considering whether or not you should let us "get to know you" better." Blaise smirked down at her, and Theo raised his brows, as if to say, "We're waiting on you to confirm this, liar." "I would never consider letting either of you to get to know me . The fact that you know my name is enough," Susan answered. "Aw. Are you shy, Susie?" Blaise asked. "Of course she is. "Innocent little, Hufflepuff", remember?" Theo said to his friend. They tittered. She hated that fact that all of this was getting under her skin. The verge of a badger break-down must have been close, because she could feel herself boil at the thought that the two were doing this to her. They'd never said a word to her, and now, because they had power, and could do whatever they wanted without consequence, they were suddenly going to feign interest for their own amusement. Susan did not like that. That cusp- the one you plummet over as you snap- was so very close. "The idea," Susan began, "of you two creeps being even slightly interested in me makes my skin crawl, because I know you're only doing this to embarrass me. And, for your information, I'm not innocent, and if I fancied a shag I'd go find someone I actually liked." She raised the wand at her side, showing them that she was at the ready- had the advantage of many seconds with her "weapon" already drawn- and turned back to her work. She kept her ears piqued, however; listening for the rustle of wands being pulled from pockets, or of them advancing closer. She raised her hand to cast the spell to check the Mandrake's soil, the incantation on her lips, but it died as Blaise tore her wand from her hand from behind. She turned again only