A/N: Another one-shot ! Warnings Include- F.M/Language/Lemons/AU Synopsis: Ginevra Weasley has been charged and arrested for being a witch. Draco Malfoy, the son of Wiltshire's prodigious Judge, Lucius Malfoy, has been tasked to visit her and make her confess her guilt. Disclaimer: I do not own Harry Potter. I do not own ITM. Burn "The Shrieking Shack", so fondly named by the locals who heard the screams that oft came from within, loomed high over the head of Draco Malfoy as he exited his carriage into the foot-high snow; a silver cane in one hand, a satchel full of supplies in the other, his mind centered on the jail's one inmate. Draco, who was not yet 23, had recently been given a promotion by his father, Lucius Malfoy, a renowned Protestant judge. When the elder Malfoy man had been given jurisdictional control over Hogsmeade, Scotland, which England still held in her hands, he'd given his one and only son the job he himself had worked so hard to attain: Witch Hunter. So, as was customary, Draco would do his first official job without being monitored by his mentor, his father in this case. He had followed the elder Malfoy around during integrations and torturing for nearly five years, and this day, coincidentally, marked that anniversary. He was happy to be going at it alone. His father had taught him many things over the course of a half decade, and, regrettably, many of those things could be listed under "Things NOT to Do". Lucius was a savage to those who caught his… professional eye, and Draco had been present during one hundred and four of those instances, and in at least half of them the pupil would have gone about it in an entirely different way. He was ready for the opportunity to try his own methods, which he considered a civil conversation. If it was one thing Draco Malfoy knew, it was that words were just as great a weapon as swords. With a well placed phrase and a studied mien, he could extract information quite easily. With new-found independence the Hunter reached out to pull the cord to ring the bell, his intention to interview one Ginevra Weasley so as to decide her guilt or innocence in practicing witchcraft. Her father worked for Draco's, though distantly, and Draco regretted to have to bring such affairs to light, but his father knew that he should be the one to deal with the girl's interrogation. Arthur Weasley, apparently, had no enemies amongst his peers at the Ministry, so no one could be trusted to give the proper verdict. That is, no one but a Malfoy. Opening the door to allow him entrance, Horace Slughorn nodded pleasantly to Draco, saying, "Good day, Master Malfoy. You arrived precisely on time." "Indeed," Draco responded blandly. He did not care for the Warden of the facility. He was… dodgy to Draco, but no one else had seemed to catch on to this. "Has the prisoner awoken?" Slughorn nodded again. "Yes. Some hours ago." "Her eating schedule? Has it been enforced?" Draco asked as Slughorn began to lead the younger man through the familiar halls, lined with barred, unused rooms. The room they were headed to was at the back of the building, the main interrogation room. The torture chambers were below, with the cells, so that the inmates could hear it all. "She has been allotted meager servings, sir. She did not want to eat at first, but she surely does now. We have not fed her today, so she should be willing to listen," Slughorn answered. The Witch Hunter nodded, then asked, "Her water intake?" "A pint a day." "Her mental state?" "Stable… Today." Draco raised an inquisitorial brow. "Does she have episodes?" "Not often, but yes." "Have you witnessed her magic during these instances?" Slughorn stopped dead in his tracks, Draco did as well, and the blonde watched the elder man as his mind seemed to search for adequate words. Turning to face the Hunter, Slughorn warned, "Do not look into her eyes." "Her eyes?" Draco asked, stricken with worry over the man's own mental state. 'How peculiar…' the Hunter thought. "Yes. She"- Slughorn paused to lick his lips nervously- "She has eyes that look into your soul. They see- your sins, and know your measure… as a man, as a man of God, of your very being." Both of Draco's brows drew up as the men ended his eerie, paranoid statement, and he made a mental note to have the man replaced as soon as he could tell his father. Draco thanked him, and said, "The warning will be taken to heart." Slughorn was satisfied at this answer, and finished leading Draco to the room he was already familiar with. Upon their arriving at the room, the old man passed the younger the key to the door as well as the prisoner's chains, and a thin file that held the woman's information. This was the procedure; Slughorn led him to and from the room, and only interrupted when Draco said he could, signaled by a bell inside the room near the door. If anything were to come to light during an interrogation, a witness was needed to call the Aurors for immediate support. Few ever called for backup, though. If the interrogation went badly, The Hunter would usually resort to executing the accused before calling Aurors and holding a trial. Or, at least that was how Lucius Malfoy worked, and he had taught his son to conduct business in the same fashion. Draco had always found this avenue unjust, but he would never tell his father this. "Bring tea," Draco ordered the Warden. "And have Dobby make us the best dish with the food I brought in my carriage. Have it served in an hour." Slughorn nodded, said, "Of course, sir. But- but do not hold her gaze... Her eyes are her magic." Without another word, the old man shuffled off to the kitchens, and Draco turned to stare at the large wooden door alone. On the other side of the door sat Draco's fate, but how could he know this? He simply couldn't! Unbeknownst to the Witch Hunter, he was about to meet his destiny… and he was not ready. He thought he had been, so had Lucius, but they were wrong. Gripping the key Slughorn gave him, Draco unlocked the door and slowly pushed it open. Within was as it always had been; four walls made of stone with a fireplace to the left, a small, covered window, dim lighting from a single candle in a sconce by the door, a table with two chairs, and a suspected witch chained to the far wall. The girl cowered against the stone that she was fettered to by the ankle, the left side of her body pressed to the wall, her freckled arms crossed over her pulled up knees, and her face hidden from his sight. Her head was bowed; her long, wild, unkempt flame-red hair fell about and concealed her like a veil. Draco's own allowed him to see the sin in others, and as he studied the girl, he did not see anything but a broken, frightened spirit. But that was how they all looked at first… She did not move as Draco entered- he taking in her countenance, her dirty white nightgown- remaining quiet as he studied her and his surroundings, as well as through setting up the mild tools of his trade on the table. From his satchel he drew bound parchment and ink, quills, and a white candle; a superstition carried by hunters to keep the pureness of their faith, and the spirit of God, in the room. Truth be told, Draco was no man of God. He did his work, and that was all. He wanted to be his father's successor so badly- because this was his father's wish- he pretended to be pious. He did so only to please his ruthless father, because, to Draco, God had abandoned them all long ago when the Devil and his whores were set upon the earth to bring forth mankind's extinction. What kind of God was that to believe in? And this God's followers? Voldemort? Tom Riddle, who led so many of these believers? What of him? Even with his suspicion and lack of faith, Draco did as he was bid and called upon Miss Weasley at 2 p.m. sharp, the 1st of January of the year 1774, a Tuesday, simply to question her, and that was all. He prayed no more was needed, but he would resort to the basics of his training if it meant defending himself. Eventually, after some fifteen minutes, wherein Draco sat to prepare his workspace, lighting the white candle, as well as wrote down Slughorn's claims, he finally began to conduct his first interrogation, "My name is Malfoy. Draco Malfoy… I suspect you have heard the surname before." She said nothing. He went on, "The papers I have state you are Ginevra Weasley, only daughter of Arthur Weasley of Ottery St. Catchpole, England." She said nothing still. He wrote this down. He said, "Is this, in fact, your name?" Nothing. "Ginevra Weasley." After two minute's silence, she finally answered, "Yes." Another moment of silence, then, "I have heard of your name. The family of Bad Faith." She kept her face in her arms as she said this, and continued to do so as she added, "You are the sole heir of his honor, Judge Lucius Malfoy of Wiltshire, England." Draco wrote down her words, then he dropped his quill into his ink pot to ask, "Do you know why we are here, Miss Weasley?", because he figured she would once again make him wait for answers. He also decided that, with the clarity and diction of her one given answer, the woman, who most would consider low in birth despite the long lineage of her family, was well-spoken, so her ability to give him answers was not in question. It was her willingness. But he was patient; willing to wait for the answers because he knew they would come eventually. Whether they were willing or by force depended on how long his patience was tried, so he settled back in his chair and continued to study her body language. She gave a quiet sniffle, and a few seconds pass before she whispers, "Because someone thinks I'm a witch." Sitting up and grabbing the quill from the ink, he began writing again, asking, "How old are you?" "One and twenty." This gave Draco pause, because he had been told she was a girl, not a woman of 21. Her file only held her name, and the names and occupations of her parents. Draco was to fill in the rest, for she had only been incarcerated a week. He asks, "You are not married?" This was a point against her, for Draco had found many female witches were women that had passed the reasonable age of marriage, which was 16. "No. I" –she paused, sniffled, finishes- "I- am widowed." Draco tilted his head at her as he stilled his hand, and asked, "What was his name?" There was another lapse in time before she declared, "Harry James Potter." Draco started- nearly lost his heart through his rectum- at the news, because he'd not only been given an important first assignment, but a legendary one. His father had not told him he'd be interrogating the wife of the late Harry James Potter; revolutionary and infamous wizard. The man had died a half a month ago, during Lucius' last hunt before his promotion to Judge, a grand affair Draco had not been cleared to be present for due to his father requesting he stay behind; for the sake of the families survival in case they didn't make it back, was what the patriarch had claimed, which had not been an acceptable answer to the apprentice. Still,