A/N: HP/TR/HG, because why the hell not? Time travel/SMUT/Language/BDSM/M.F.M/M.F/Grey!fic warning! Summary: Tom Riddle seems to be the only person not amused by the new 7th year transfers Harry Evans and Hermione Granger. The knowing looks they give him are enough to drive him to paranoia, to suspect them of time travelling, and even drive him to stalk them for answers. He gets them, but these answers come with a price. Disclaimer: I don't own Harry Potter, or the band ITM. Sick Like Me To everyone at Hogwarts in the year 1944, the new 7th year students who had transferred in mid-September were more interesting than classes. The other students, the staff, the house elves, Hagrid; everyone was intrigued by the two so completely that it rubbed Tom Riddle in a very bad way. Even his followers couldn't keep the duo's names out of their mouths. Of course, Tom hadn't told them to… No need to raise suspicion. Not yet. The female students swooned over Harry Evans; his messy black mop, striking green eyes, and the scar on his forehead - and other body parts hinted at while he wore his uniform- only added to his mystery, and somehow complimented his handsome, rugged, though gracious, persona. He was clearly brave, assured, confident in himself as a student, Quidditch player, and friend, and had proven himself an advanced wizard; only neck and neck with Tom… But, they all scored and performed below Hermione Granger. So badly, she'd become a Goddess amongst them all. Even with the scandalous way she dressed! The top button of her shirt was always undone, showing off the smooth length of her collarbones and neck, and the bottom hem of her skirt ended just above her un-stockinged knees, instead of the standard mid-calf or lower. Not one woman hated her, even with her immoral disregard of the dress code, and every man wanted her on his arm no matter how much they respected Harry… because she was Harry's. At first, the school thought them best mates, or siblings, or even fraternal twins with how they seemed to know every little thing about the other, and how they did not leave the other's side for any reason. After two days, when Harry had been caught swooping low to kiss the wild haired witch chastely on the lips, the school was a cesspit of broken hearts. The girls wailed over Evans, the boys frowned and walked downtrodden through the halls over Granger. Then the school began a fast trek down the road to becoming piteous, pious louts; following them, and fawning over them, and 'oooh'ing and 'aahhh'ing every time either of them chose to show off. Everyone, that is, except Tom Marvelo Riddle and his…. uh… social circle. He hated the new Gryffindors with a fire that burned with the rage of a thousand suns! It had taken him twenty seconds to decide he didn't like them, thirty-three to decide he hated them, and about ninety to conclude he'd have to kill them, and that was almost a record in Tom's book. Myrtle? Her death had been accident, but had it really..? He almost thought that the Basilisk, which he'd affectionately renamed Tomasina, had read his mind before slithering up to find that loud, blubbering bint. Tom hated Harry Evans and Hermione Granger, and had been avoiding them for 22 days without too many incidents… The first incident occurred on day one, when he'd first seen them, when the two had turned to look at him after being Sorted (which Tom had found insane considering the hat had barely had to touch either of their heads before it practically shrieked, as if being burned, both times, "Gryffindor!"), and Harry's face was set in a dark, though subtle, glare, and Hermione's was completely void of emotion. He hadn't known which was more disturbing, but he had instantly decided they knew something that they shouldn't. They looked at him as if they saw right through him, and that was unacceptable. He had immediately begun to advise his followers to do all they could to make their lives hell, separately of course. There were a few he did not quite trust to handle the responsibility, which was insane to him as well, because namely he worried about Abraxas Malfoy. He'd never had a problem with trusting the Malfoy man before, that was until he'd noticed the way his general looked at the witch. Her name was enough for Tom to know that she was at least a half-blood, if not a Mudblood, and for the pureblooded Malfoy to find her attractive bothered Tom, on top of the fact that the witch was a show off and a tramp. Abraxas may have denied this claim when Lorenzo Nott had mentioned something to him about it, but Tom knew a liar when he saw one. Tom lied every moment of every day, pretty much, so he was well equipped when it came to detecting the secretive, and not only did Malfoy hold a secret, but so did Evans and Granger. They knew something, and every other day he seemed to get new material to be even more suspicious! He already had had a list as long as his arm by the time the first week had started, and it was enough to spin his head! · They were English, with English accents, but claimed to have been raised and schooled in the States, which Tom didn't buy for a moment. Their mien was too... controlled to be American. It also made him wonder if their parents' relationship- because for both families, seeing as the Gryffindors were an item and not related- to have moved families internationally seemed irregular to Tom. If they were cousins, then that seemed less strange. · They were covered in scars, made more obvious in Hermione's choice to not wear stockings, long skirts, or even knee length socks, and left Tom, who was well versed in the side-effects of Dark Magic, wondering what the hell the two had been doing with their lives, and who they'd been dueling. He'd heard through the grapevine that they claimed to have had an accident at their previous school, which was why they left, which did nothing to quell Tom's suspicion. The both of them, surely, were far too able, too learned, to have such an accident. And, if it were an accident, they'd be able to fix the scars with magic. They were so prominent that Tom knew he would have done so, unless, of course, it wasn't possible… What school allowed the use of Dark Magic, unless the two themselves were practitioners of the art. Which led to an entirely different list titled "Competition", but Tom doubted it. They had "do-gooder" written all over them. · They used strange lingo that didn't seem the least bit American, either. It wasn't brutish enough, but it was not from England, either. What the hell was a "wireless", and who was "Minister Fudge"? Whenever had there ever been a Minister Fudge? But, to their credit, both of their hair-dos did look like something that would come out of the "wild wild West". · No Professor, not even Dippet, blinked an eye at the two and their outlandish behavior, as if they were ghosts or poltergeists the staff could do nothing about. The professors simply allowed the way they dressed, and they had never been punished when another student attempted to duel them; to test themselves against the "amazing" Evans and Granger. · Harry wore strange spectacles with frames unlike any Tom had ever seen. They were made out of something he couldn't begin to place. Surely they weren't metal. · They both could perform a great deal of wandless magic, and the witch could do many spells wordlessly as well, which made Tom wonder what Americans fed and taught their youth. It also led him to wonder if they were older than seventeen, because they were far more advanced than anyone else their age. (This, of course, only made Tom mad with jealousy, though he wouldn't admit it.) · Dumbledore was entirely too fond of the both of them, and was none too fond of Tom. He wondered why they'd go silent every time he walked by the old man speaking to the two in hushed tones. The Gryffindors would give him their usual glances and ignore him, and the old Professor would seem none-too-pleased, but still acknowledge him. The silence, though, that broke over them at his nearness was not a figment of his imagination. At first he'd thought himself paranoid, but some fifteen times in a row was just ludicrous! · He'd overheard whispered snippets of conversation which he was sure pertained to him, but couldn't understand what they meant. Things such as, "You saw Avery, Nott, and Malfoy out on the pitch practicing. Their arms were visible. He hasn't marked them yet." Or, "Where do you think he hid it for the past year? It's probably in his bag with the other books." And most disturbingly, he could have sworn Harry had hissed a curse-word under his breath in a language only Tom knew. · They had their own room! Instead of bunking in Gryffindor tower, the two had been given living quarters than no one else seemed to know the location of. What was that all about?! Favoritism didn't even begin to cover it. It was as if they were celebrities at some high-end hotel. · And, on a side note, the fact that both wore their sleeves rolled up, not caring a bit for starching or non-wrinkle charms, was bizarre. It just wasn't acceptable in their day in age to walk around looking like a… Tom, who had been reviewing his mental list for the hundredth time whilst ignoring Professor Binns' History of Magic lesson, froze and let his jaw fall slack, let his eyes widen just a tad as they made a track across the room to the two he'd been obsessing over for the better part of a month. They both sat directly to his right, but on the far end of the classroom, and the Slytherin wizard leaned over just enough to look past the three other students who separated him and them… only to find Evans resting his head on his hand, elbow on the desk, and his green eyes almost waiting for Tom's own hazel. The green eyes mentioned locked onto Tom's face, and for a moment he did not break the eye contact until a smirk graced his face, and he looked to Hermione. He nodded at Tom while looking at the witch, and she leaned forward in her seat to look over at the Slytherin. At first, her face was as it almost always was. She was a very serious witch who reserved most of her smiles for Harry, but when she looked to Tom, registered his wide eyes and slack jaw, one side of her mouth twitched, and then rose to give him a very evil looking smirk that burned brightly up into her eyes. He'd seen the look before, when Mulciber had decided to challenge her to a duel, only for her to wordlessly put him through a door. She'd looked over Mulciber's body with a very similar look, like she owned his pathetic arse, and now she was giving Tom his own version. He would have probably found the look somehow amusing if his brain hadn't exploded. Later, when he was in the sanctuary of his room, on the bed with the curtains drawn, he'd find it ridiculous that their disregard for sleeve decorum was the clue that made it all click, but for the moment, all he could think was, "Bloody hell!" he yelled as he stood from his chair, looking over at the Gryffindors. The entire room turned to look at him, but he didn't care, because he only cared for the two at whom he stared… and pointed