A short side-fic for outerspacekat who was my 200th reviewer (200th! I'm so honoured! Thanks to all of you who made this possible, seriously!) They gave me a prompt, and here we are! So do thank them for it! Hope you guys'll enjoy this one! (A few more things: First, I shall also apologise in advance, there'll be no mention of Gellert in this one, except by a character in passing. Second , this particular side-fic isn't canon to the Danse Macabre fic, so it isn't much of a spoiler or anything). Warnings: Fem! MOD! Neutral/Dark! Harry, Time Travelling, AU-ish... Disclaimer: I do not own Harry Potter. Anything not found in Harry Potter Wiki, Pottermore or in the books or movies are likely to be made up by me and do remember this is a fanfiction i.e. I'm borrowing the Potterverse and messing around in it so there may be intentional factual errors... In this case, I'm using what vague info I can get about Lethifolds and Dementors to come up with my own, probably quite inaccurate, theory, just for the sake of this fic. The Prompt by outerspacekat: Hadria's Lethifold eats someone or something important. Setting chosen by author: Hadria's third year, 1993, Hogwarts Ingluvies Lethifolds and Dementors weren't related, contrary to popular belief. Some people thought they might have been, seeing as the two species were as dark and amortal as any creature could get. Those people were wrong. But there was a relationship between the species, a relationship that Hadria unknowingly forged with her Lethifold named Noh, when she established dominance over it. That's right. Lethifolds were sometimes treated as pets by the Dementors. Not the ones at Azkaban of course, because it was actually more likely for the Lethifolds to eat the inmates than for the Dementors to 'accidentally' inhale their souls. And anyway, most Lethifolds were found in the tropics. 'Most' being the keyword here. Hadria had a Lethifold as a pet, and it went by the name of Noh. Hardly anyone knew about it. Which really meant that the entire batch of Slytherins in her year knew. But of course, no one breathed a word about it, for fear they'd get eaten in their sleep by said Lethifold. It probably helped that the Lethifold was growing bigger, because it hadn't really been full-grown when Hadria first met it, and now it was being fed regularly with heavy meals by the Hogwarts House-elves. Regardless, it didn't make Hadria immune to the effects of several full-fledged humanoid Dementors invading the Hogwarts Express. The raven-haired girl was sharing a compartment with Draco, Blaise, Neville and a Remus Lupin when it happened. The only reason her compartment seemed like reversed harem was because Draco and Pansy wasn't on talking terms for some reason unknown to Hadria, while Hermione was sitting with a few other Ravenclaws in a Silent-Reading-Only compartment. When Hadria felt the chill, she knew what was going to happen. Sirius had escaped Azkaban, it was her third year, she was even sitting in the same compartment as before! So she wrapped herself up in Noh, who was very full—and hence very thick and warm—and waited. "What's happening?" Neville was the first to ask, probably because he wasn't engrossed in a game of chess like the other two were. Interestingly enough, Blaise was better at chess than the Malfoy scion. " Winter is coming ," said Hadria in her best Trelawney-impression as she sunk deep into the swathes of her Lethifold like a tortoise into its shell. This was greeted by odd looks all around. "In two to three months' time, yes. It's September," Draco pointed out. Hadria shrugged and amended, "Winter is coming early ." Her friends wisely ignored her nonsense, but heeded the implied advice by taking out their scarves and winter coats out of their trunks. Except for Blaise who was already wearing an expensive dragon-hide ensemble. Not that it really helped much, when the cold just kept spreading—fern frost on the icy windowpanes, visible breaths of vapour like smoke from a dragon's mouth… "This is ridiculous," Draco complained. "We should've kept that dragon from first year." "It wouldn't be able to fit into the compartment," Blaise laughed. Snag, the Jarvey, took the opportunity to peek its head out to gasp, "Numbskull!" Then buried itself close to Hadria for warmth once more, because it was too cold out even for more insults. Blaise sniggered while Neville choked as he tried to hold in his own laughter. But that was when the rattling began, and the lights went out, plunging the compartment into swift and total darkness, and it seemed like they were stuck in some terribly cliché horror story. The three boys automatically lit their wands. "Hadria?" Neville whimpered—because when things get dark and scary, from psychopathic professors to berserk basilisks, Hadria was your best bet—and glanced over at the girl who could no longer be seen. There was an odd-shaped bundle of pitch-black in her seat, and even that bundle wasn't very visible in the dim compartment. A muffled "Yes?" came from somewhere within the bundle that appeared so dark that even when the light from Draco's wand shone upon it, the only colour revealed was black. Not grey, not brown, not dark blue or dark purple, but black, the colour of nothingness. It would have been funny to see in any other situation, but not in this one. "What if we don't survive this winter?" "Then my guardian, the Malfoys, the Black Widow, and your grandmother will storm the school together to demand an Explanation and there will be hell to pay," the shadowy shape replied. Again, no one laughed, not even Blaise. It might have been because the door screeched open the very next moment, and everyone with visible eyes stared in numb terror at the hooded figure that leaned in. "A bloody Dementor?" Draco whispered. "They can't be serious!" "They're not Sirius, because they're looking for Sirius." "Not the time, Hadria," said Blaise, but just as he was about to glance in her direction, a burst of bright light filled the room, brighter than the light of any Lumos . Everyone was momentarily blinded, and when their visions cleared, they could make out a shining white creature with nine heads driving the Dementor out of the compartment. Hadria had shed her living cloak and was standing in the middle of the compartment with her wand out, untamed raven-wing-black hair a halo of darkness around her, making her look very much like an peeved goddess. "That was a remarkable Patronus." And the sleeping Professor was now very much awake. When Professor Lupin had distributed his chocolates and left the compartment with his own Patronus—a loping canine-like thing—Hadria immediately dropped to her knees. Not in exhaustion, or for any reason that would have been normal or human, but... "Where did you learn— What are you doing? " Draco exclaimed. The girl had her head stuck under the seats, but she crawled out backwards and looked up with an alarmed expression. Her friends had never seen her look really alarmed before, so they were understandably worried now. Then she said, "I can't find Noh." And Draco and Blaise gaped. "What's 'Noh'?" Neville asked as he stared at Draco's rapidly paling face in concern. "It's—" Blaise looked at Hadria uncertainly, who sighed and twisted a lock of black hair around a finger. "It's my pet Lethifold." They found Noh later on, after all the Dementors had left the train. The Lethifold had managed to sneak back into their compartment without getting spotted, which was a relief. It seemed like no one had gotten attacked by it, and it hadn't gotten attacked by anyone. That had also been the reason why Hadria didn't attempt a Summoning Charm at first, lest Professor Lupin come across a Lethifold soaring through the air towards their compartment. So all was well and peaceful. Or as well and peaceful as it could get, when the rumour mill began and by the end of the Start-of-Year feast, Hadria had supposedly single-handedly fought off an entire army of Dementors with nine basilisk-Patronuses that could petrify any Dementor with just one blazing look. "But Dementors can't even see!" Hermione protested as softly as she could, nose buried in a book about amortal beings and creatures. "And Patronuses are not actual creatures with corresponding abilities. Your point, Granger?" "Is no one else going to talk about how Hadria has a pet Lethifold?" "Relax, Longbottom, it has been two years and it hasn't eaten anyone... yet... As far as we know, that is." Which naturally wasn't as reassuring as Blaise had hoped to be. Hadria huffed, propped her elbows on the library table and rested her head in her hands. "I'm just here, you know. And I can teach you how to conjure a Patronus, if you'd like?" Draco's silver eyes lit up. "Do you think I could get a dragon? With wings and spikes and all?" "I'm pretty sure it doesn't work that way," Hermione commented, almost condescendingly. "You can't choose your own Patronus." "But Hadria's got a massive hydra," Blaise pointed out. Hermione glanced at all of them with an expression suggesting that she thought them all idiots. Then, slowly, as if speaking to kindergarten kids, the bushy-haired girl said, "She's Hadria. And… You're not." Then Luna drifted by their table, complete with beetle-wing-earrings and a butterbeer-cork-necklace. "Well, I'd like to have a Crumple-Horned Snorkack as a Patronus." It was a whole week, before any real excitement began, in the form of the Weasley twins. There was the Boggart class, of course, which was interesting enough... Pansy's Boggart was Draco declaring his abhorrence of her in front of everyone (which got turned into Pansy kicking Draco in the—). Blaise's Boggart was a clown of all things (that one got turn into a murdered clown, which was even creepier, but Blaise laughed, which was totally broke the creepy-meter and seemed to freak the Professor out). Meanwhile Draco's Boggart was an overgrown ferret that looked suspiciously like Snag with all his things broken and strewn around it (the Jarvey ended up being turned into a fur scarf). Unfortunately, Hadria didn't get a chance to meet her own Boggart, because Professor Lupin thought she couldn't handle it, which was a real pity. But at the end of the first week, Fred and George came searching for Hadria, to help them prank Filch and Mrs Norris. The caretaker spent the next month or so belting out Christmas songs whenever he opened his mouth to yell the ears off whoever displeased him. His cat, however, was missing from his side, indisposed by a particularly bad case of hiccups that couldn't be cured except by waiting for it to wear off naturally. (The hiccups were really caused by the hallucinations Mrs Norris had been spelled to see, hallucinations of big yellow eyes staring back at her in the reflection of dark water). "Why Christmas songs?" Hermione finally asked. By then, Halloween was drawing near. Hadria shrugged. "Actually, I don't even know why we're pranking Filch and Mrs Norris in particular." "Because he's a grumpy old man with a grumpy old cat?" Blaise suggested. "But if you didn't know why, why did you do it?" Hermione demanded. "It's fun," Hadria replied with another shrug, and fished out some coins. "And they paid me for it." Draco stared. "Don't you already have enough money?" The answering grin he got was a tad bit unnerving (though it still wouldn't compare to the image of Blaise laughing over the corpse of a bloody clown). The raven-haired girl tossed a coin to him. "Catch!" He caught it, and with a loud sound like might have been a fart, a rubber chicken appeared in his hands, and Draco looked utterly flabbergasted. "Trick coins!" Hadria proclaimed happily. "Amazing, aren't they?" Halloween was The Day Things Happen. Hadria wasn't exactly sure what would happen this time, but