Prologue: After the second Wizarding War was over, the Ministry of Magic had asked me to move into my father's family's home. Both of my parents had died during one of the Death Eaters' attacks during the war. They were in Europe lending their hands to the Order even though they worked for the Magical Congress of the United States of America. My family in Europe had died during the war and I was the last well, second to last, of my name. My younger brother would carry on the family name. My name is Kyleigh Rayne Lestrange and my brother is Damen Sterling Lestrange. Moving to Europe was a huge step, but since I didn't have any family left here in the US, I decided to take the Ministry up on their offer and move to my ancestral home; it meant leaving Ilvermorny and my fellow Horned Serpents, and attending Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. I didn't know much about Hogwarts since my parents rarely talked about their time before moving to the US. My parents had originally left Europe to escape their families. They wouldn't tell me much, I was "too young to know the truth", whatever that meant. All I knew was, they weren't allowed to marry each other, so instead of marrying who their parents wanted them to marry, they ran away. I was born a few months later. Since, I technically wasn't an adult in the muggle world, the MCUSA handled the selling of my childhood home. I had taken the wood growth chart that was on our kitchen doorway and packed it into my trunk along with the rest of the household furniture, leaving only the major appliances (refrigerator, washer/dryer, stove). I took one last look at the only home I had ever known, picked Damen up, grabbed the handle of my trunk and apparated to my new home. The new minister, Kingsley Shacklebolt, had taken me to it when he handed the deed and keys over to me. He also had introduced me to the house-elves, something I had never actually seen before. My parents wanted us to understand the muggle world, as well as the wizarding one, so we lived in a muggle community. 'So much for that wish,' I sighed as I sat Damen down on the floor of our new home. He was 2, and couldn't apparate on his own. "Hello, dear," I heard a cheerful voice say from the kitchen. I turned around to see a plump, redhead standing in the doorway of my kitchen. "Hello?" I said, confused. "Kingsley told me that you'd be arriving today," the older woman said, interrupted by a masculine voice. "Mum," said the voice, sounding like he had his mouth full. "Just a minute," replied the woman turning her attention back to me. "Now, where was I? Oh yes, I couldn't let you come to an abandoned house without a home cooked meal waiting on you. After all you two have been through, you poor dears." The woman picked up Damen as he had crawled closer to her. He immediately began to cry. "I'm sorry," I said taking Damen. "But who are you? How do you know me? Well, besides Kingsley telling you. Did you know my parents?" "I'm Molly Weasley. And this is my son Ron," she motioned to a tall, gangly, red haired boy who appeared to be my age. Ron mumbled, "hey," that sounded like the masculine voice from earlier. "Ron will be going with you to Hogwarts. I knew your parents when I was a kid, but we fell out of touch when they moved across the seas." I heard a ding and Molly headed towards the kitchen again. Ron stood awkwardly in the doorway. He shoved his hands in his pants pockets. "I'm Kyleigh," I said to break the silence. "And this is my baby brother, Damen." "Dinner's ready," Molly yelled from deep in the kitchen. I followed the sound of her voice and saw her at a table towards the back of the kitchen. The table, was located in the breakfast nook, it's bay windows looking out over a wellkept garden. "It smells and looks delicious," I said in thanks. I thought of Damen's highchair in the trunk and it appeared next to us. I set Damen in his seat and began putting food on his tray. I could hear Ron digging in and Molly popping him on the head. "What?" he said, food coming out of his mouth. "Let the poor girl get her plate first," Molly replied. She turned to me. "I'm sorry. Ron thinks with his stomach and not with his head. You would think that we starved him." "It's okay," I said, smiling. When dinner was over, I took Damen upstairs and gave him a bath. I was putting Damen's pajamas on him, when Molly and Ron appeared in the bathroom doorway. "Kyleigh, dear. I have to head back to the Burrow. Ron is going to stay here and help you unpack," Molly said. She gave us both a hug and with a pop, she was gone. I looked at Ron, "I can take care of everything. You don't have to stay." I finished the last button of Damen's shirt, picked him up, and headed to look at the rooms. I was going to let Damen decided which room he wanted, first. I brushed passed Ron, feeling a tingling sensation where my skin touched his. I ignored the feeling and headed back towards the top of the stairs. "Wait," Ron said, grabbing my wrist. His eyes widened, noticing the sizzle as his hand close around my wrist. Instead of saying anything, he immediately dropped my wrist and looked at the ground. Taking a deep breath, he said, "I want to help you. Besides this is a big house. I know I wouldn't want to be alone in a house, period, if I was in your shoes." "Thanks," I said, looking at him. "I was going to let Damen pick out his own room." Of course Damen would pick the last room on the second floor. I was just glad we didn't have to go to the third floor. "Accio trunk," I said. I walked to the window across from the door and looked out. 'This property is huge,' I thought. There was a swimming pool that looked more like a private lagoon than a pool; some tall edges that I couldn't see over passed, even being on the second floor; gardens-a garden that looked like herbs, a flower garden, and a vegetable garden; I could see apple trees a little passed the gardens, and a blueberry field when I looked to my left. I turned to go to the other window in the room, and saw the trunk coming in the doorway. It stopped at my feet. I opened it up and began getting out Damen's stuff. "What did you want to do with the stuff already in the room?" Ron asked looking around. I looked around the room, seeing antique furniture, I had just glimpsed at before looking out the window. 'I wonder whose room this used to be.' "Keep the train track set and I guess take the furniture down to the den. Do yall need furniture?" I replied. It didn't look like my dad's room, I saw that all traces of my father had disappeared. Apparently, they were serious about who they wanted my dad to marry, and not only disowned him, but removed any evidence that he had been. Furniture floated about the room, the old furniture leaving, and Damen's floating in the places I wanted them. Ron and I had small talk while completing our tasks, Damen played with the train tracks while we got everything settled. The sun had gone down and Damen was fast asleep on the floor by the time we finished. I put Damen in his bed and we quietly left the room, toting the trunk behind us. I knew there weren't any bedrooms downstairs, and the other rooms we looked at on this floor, didn't have enough natural light; so, I decided to take a gander at the third floor. There was a spiral staircase tucked into the middle of the wall on this end of the hall. I started up the spiral staircase, wondering if this was the only way up, I hadn't seen any other stairs leading up, on the other end of the hall. The stairs led to a door, no hall. Just a door. So, Ron bumped into me when I had stopped. This time, luckily, we didn't touch bare skin, so no weird feelings happened. I opened the door and stared inside. It was too dark to see, I waved my wand and the room flooded with light. The third floor seemed to be one ginormous room. There were 3 doors in the room, I noticed after stepping in, all on one side. The one we came in, and doors to the right and left. There were 8 windows. All covered with floor length green and black curtains. In between the several windows, were bookcases. Some were only 3 shelves, those were in front of a few curtains, others floor to ceiling, cubed organizer ones, and oddly shaped ones. Some hung on the walls, and others appeared to come from the ceiling. At the far end of the room, between 2 curtains, almost directly across from the door we came in, was a fireplace. There were a couple of armchairs and a couch in a semicircle in front of the fireplace. In the middle of the room, on the left wall, sat a 4 post, canopied bed, with a chaise lounge at the foot of it. I ran and jumped on the bed. It was like heaven. I rolled onto my back, with my eyes closed, and heard Ron laughing from where he was. I opened my eyes, threw a pillow at him, while asking, "what's so funny?" He threw the pillow back, charging towards me. He lunged and landed on top of me, pinning me to the bed. "Gotcha," he said, sweeping my hair away from my eyes. I laughed and looked into his eyes, my skin on fire wherever his touched mine. "Thanks for the help. I could have asked the house-elves, but honestly forgot I had them. And then it felt weird to ask when I remembered I had them." I had noticed that Ron loosened his grip and gave me just enough leeway, to where I could flip him off of me and swap positions. "Two can play that game," I said flipping him over so our roles were reversed. I smiled and hopped up, running towards the couch. 'Oh, my Gooood!' I thought. 'What am I doing? I haven't even known the guy for 24 hours and I'm jumping his bones, almost literally.' Ron was still sitting on the bed, his cheeks turning red. I didn't know what to say, so I went back to where we came in. Instead of leaving the room, I went to the door on the left. I opened the door and noticed it was a bathroom. Marble counters to my immediate left, a huge mirror over it. In the corner on the left was a stone walk in shower that had a mossy floor mat. Right in the middle sat the biggest clawfoot tub I had ever seen. It was so big a giant could fit in it. "Oi, look at that tub. It's bloody huge!" Ron exclaimed coming up behind me. He walked over to it, hopped in, and disappeared. "My whole family could fit in 'ere." Ron got quiet. I walked over to see why. He was wiping a tear away. I climbed in and pulled him close, his head between my breasts. He wrapped his arms around my waist and hugged me closer. After a while, he spoke. "I'm sorry, here I am