I OWN NONE OF THIS, ALL CHARACTERS ARECREATED BY TOLKIEN NOT ME A loud scream came from the far side of the camp, just on the other side of a heel of rock that thrust itself out from the nearby cliff. Eomer was the first to round the corner followed closest by Boromir. Legolas was crouched down against a large boulder, he was staring at something in some nearby bushes, one hand tightly holding his white handled hunting knife. His eyes were wide and his breathing coming in ragged pants. "Legolas, what is it?" Eomer exclamed. Legolas' breathing slowly returned to normal, as he gazed up at the tall men that were now standing by his side, Boromir knelt to the elf's side and placed a hand on his friends shoulder in concern. "Legolas?" Boromir asked, hoping for a response and explanation to the elfs frightended behavior. "Over in the bushes, there is something there." Legolas quietly explained. Eomer drew his sword and cautiously walked over to the bushes that Legolas had motioned towards. He looked into them and sighed in relief when he saw the cause of the elfs fright. He sheathed his sword and bent down, he came up with a long black cloak, it had pieces of dark fur resembling that of the black fur on a badger. As he pulled it up, he saw that there was a rope attatched to it, and sticks had been placed inside it to make it into a makeshift puppet. Eomer was relieved to see that there was really no threat. "It's nothing, only a puppet." Eomer said as he turned to show the cloak to Legolas and Boromir, Boromir quietly sighed, Legolas stared at the cloak for several moments, clearly confused. The expression on his face slowly turned from confusion to relief to frustration. "What is it?" Boromir asked when the frustrated look settled itself on Legolas' face. Legolas glanced up at Boromir and then back to the cloak that Eomer still held. He rose to his feet and put away his knife. "Elladan" was all he said before walking quickly away back towards the camp. He looked around the empty camp, he was glad that everyone else was away and that Eomer and Boromir were the only two left to see the result of Elladan's prank. He grinned a slightly to himself, some things never changed the four of them would forever be at war with each other with pranks. They always had been, it was well enough when it was just Elronds Elf sons and himself. Then Elrond adopted the young human. Legolas and the twins were all suprised at how well Estel had blended into this game, like he had been in it just as long as the three Elves. "Now, what to do in return" Legolas quietly said to himself as he walked over to the fire and added a few more sticks to keep the lunch cooking. Boromir and Eomer stared at the retreating back of the Elf, and then at each other, then at the puppet in Eomer's hand. "What do you suppose that was about?" Boromir asked. "I was about to ask you the same, you have travled with him longer than I." Boromir shrugged. "I may have been traveling with him, but I have never claimed to understand him." Boromir answered. "Do you know what 'Elladan' means, or who it is?" Eomer asked, neither of the men had yet been introduced to the twin sons of Lord Elrond. "No, I do not. I would say it sounds like a name, but I know not who it reffers to." Eomer shook his head and tossed the puppet back into the bushes, it could stay there. Boromir started walking back into the main part of camp and Eomer came and walked beside him. The spottted Legolas over by the fire, tending to the pot that was hanging from a stand over the flames. Boromir and Eomer didn't bother to try to get anything more out of the Legolas, he seemed lost in his own thoughts. They had just finnished washing the pot and plates from lunch and the men were just enjoying their pipes when they heard the sound of horses aproaching. All three rose as the rest of the company returned. The rest of the fellowship and Theoden had all gone to meet the Elven army. Elrond had decided not only to send reinforcements, but to come himself. Theoden's riders had a camp set up already, the camp of the army was a ways away while another was set up for the fellowship, Theoden and the high ranking officers. Elronds army had stopped back to set up with Theoden's army while Elrond and some of his officers came on to the smaller camp with the king and fellowship. The three rose to greet the coming dignitaries. They dissmounted and the three bowed in unision. The horses were taken to be tended to by awaiting soldires, Gandalf aproached and called to Boromir and Eomer. "Captains, you have yet to meet some of these Elves. Eomer, this is Lord Elrond half-elven Lord of Imladris." Eomer bowed low, when he rose Gandalf continued. "Boromir has already met Lord Elrond. These two neither of you have been formerly introduced to as of yet. Theses are the sons of Elrond. Elrohir and Ellodan." Gandalf gestured to two tall elves that stood near Elrond, they certainly resembled Elrond, but they were identical to each other. Both tall, long dark hair and steely grey eyes. Boromir and Eomer both bowed low and the twins nodded deeply in return. "Now, we have buisness to attend to." Gandalf continued as he gestured towards a large tent. Everyone filed inside and once everyone was seated, they started to take counsel together for the future of Middle-earth as best they could. It wasn't until after they finnished, everyone had left the tent and started to go about their own buisness. Boromir met up with Gimli a few paces from the tent door. "I think I have been in enough meetings to last a lifetime, though I fear that there are still many more to come." The gondorian complained to the Dwarf as he stretched his arms. "Ah, I can agree to that, tireing buisness that, even if we don't really do much." Boromir twisted his toroso in an attempt to loosen his mucles from long hours of sitting. That was when he noticed Legolas, Aragorn and Elrond's sons walking away together. He stared after the four as they walked quickly down near the river. "And those sons of Elrond, queer enough even for Elves. They give me the sudders, the way they look and act so much alike. Not natural for things to be that alike." Boromir grinned while he continued watching Aragorn and the three Elves dissapear from sight around the bend, following the path of the river. It was only then that it finally hit him; the name of one of the twins was Elladan. That was the name that Legolas seemed to blame the puppet on. A group of Elves had already been in this camp earlier today. They left with the rest of the company to go meet Elrond. It was impossible to tell one from the other, but Boromir was sure that one of the twins were here already. "It would be wise if you take some rest now." Boromir turned to see Theoden standing a few feet behind him. "We will be riding to Edoras in the morning. It is not a terrably long ride but we will be going hard. You had best get some rest while you can." "Yes, you are right of course." Boromir replied, his thoughts about Legolas and the twins being forgotten for the moment. Theoden smiled kindly and turned to his own tent. Boromir turned to Gimli. "We really should get some rest, it is starting to get late." Boromir said to the Dwarf. "True enough, that horse riding is nearly as tireing as the meetings. Till morning then" Gimli said as he glanced at the location of the sun. It was nearly set, must be about ten o'clock as it was midsummer still. "Till morning." Boromir replied and walked over to his own bed roll that was lying near a large spruce tree. Boromir took a deep breath as he laid himself down, he loved the smell of the spruce trees, they always smelled so fresh. He stared up at the great boughs above him, dark green in the fading light, the thin tips of the branches were swaying gently in the slight breeze. That was the last thing that Boromir saw before sleep took him. When he opened his eyes in the morning, he was still looking up at the tree. There was activity all around him as people made ready for the ride to Edoras. Boromir pulled himself out of the blankets and rolled them up. He saddled his horse and tied his gear onto the saddle. It was indeed a hard ride to Edoras, they rode fast with very few breaks and what rest they did have was short. They were just finnished putting their horses away and were going to get something to eat. Gimli was walking to the kitchen with Merry and Pippin, they were just rounded a corner and found themselves on the floor. Someone had been running around the corner and slammed right into them, or rather more than one person. Pippin was the first to twist around and found himself lying near Aragorn who was struggling to get to his feet quickly. "Now what is the trouble with you that you go tearing through here like this?" Pippin heard the Dwarf grumble. Pippin turned to see that Gimli had been taken out by one of Elronds sons, though he had no idea which one. "Many pardons master dwarf" the elf haistily replied as he got to his feet and helped the dwarf up. "But I am in a great hurry, my appolagies." "In a great hurry so let's go." Aragorn added, he was already inching further away from the group. Pippin now saw that Elronds other son as well as Legolas were standing nearby and anxiously looking back down the hall. "Yes of course." The twin trotted over to Aragorn and once past the obsitcals of hobbits and dwarf he broke into a run and took off down the hall. Legolas and the other twin did the same. Aragorn was about to turn and follow them but Gimli grabbed his arm. "What is it my friend? Something hunts you?" "No, well, sort of. But it is nothing that you can help us with. I'll be allright." Aragorn pulled his arm free and ran off at an almost dangerous speed for the twists and turns of the halls. "Well, I can see why they hit us so hard." Merry commented as he watched the ranger fly around the corner. "I should like to know what they flee from." Gimli said grupmilly. "I know little of those twins but I wager that they are not eassily frightened. Maybe not as stout as a solid Dwarf, but still. And Aragorn and Legolas I know would not flee like that unless something was terribly wrong." The trio continued to the kitchen when another group came down the halls, but at a far more composed pace. Elrond and Gandalf were coming their way and they did not look pleased. "Have you seen those four?" Gandalf questioned when they got closer. Gimli and the hobbits stopped where they were. "You mean Aragorn and Legolas, Ellodan and Elrohir?" Pippin asked. "Yes, those four." Elrond stiffly replied. "Yes, they went by here just a few moments ago in quite a hurry." Pippin answered. Gandalf and Elrond said nothing more but contiued down the hall, as the hobbits and dwarf watched them go they noticed something odd. "I wonder why Gandalf