A/N: I want to give a huge thank you to TheMortalMan and Pendragon2601 for beta reading. I have two important things I want to say before this fic: The first is that it isn't going to follow Cursed Child canon. I have very mixed feelings about Cursed Child, loving certain aspects of it and hating others. I've taken some parts of it and not others, so what happens in this story won't necessarily line up. That being said, this story will only take place during their first year, so you won't see the discrepancies all that much yet. They'll come later. The last thing I want to say is that I'm writing Scorpius as having Asperger's in this story. If you notice anything wrong with my portrayal (and I'm very nervous that there's something wrong), people let me know so that I can work on trying to fix it. "Or perhaps in Slytherin You'll make your real friends" – J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone The train's whistle sounded, sending a wave of shock through Scorpius' system. Why was it so loud? Did they think anyone was going to forget that it was there? He didn't want to be on Platform 9 and 3/4. There were more people mulling about than he had ever seen in one place, and it felt like they were pushing in on him even as they gave the Malfoy family wide berth. Even his owl kept flapping her wings in her cage, unused to the commotion. Scorpius kept his facial features carefully controlled, hoping to appear as confident as his father did, though he knew he was failing. For years, Scorpius had dreamed about the day he'd get to go to Hogwarts. Each dream had a common theme: Scorpius would come into his own at Hogwarts. For once, he'd be confident, and with that confidence, he would be able to attract friends to himself. He'd no longer feel alone or isolated. He'd have somewhere to belong. It had happened for others. Now that the day had arrived, Scorpius felt scared. There was no way the real Hogwarts was going to live up to his dream Hogwarts. He'd heard amazing thing after amazing thing from some, but Scorpius wasn't naive enough to believe that would be his experience. The Malfoys didn't have the same past of perfect, lifelong friendships being formed at the school. His father hadn't spoken to Gregory Goyle since the Battle of Hogwarts. It was hard to stay someone's friend—if Draco could have stayed anything with Goyle—when you testified against them in front of the Wizengamot. Goyle had been out of Azkaban for several years, and the one time Scorpius has seen him in person had been during a trip to Diagon Alley, where his father had steered him away as Goyle glared as if he'd happily have murdered them on the spot. That had been his father's Hogwarts experience in a nutshell. It was the legacy Scorpius had to deal with. He wasn't confident enough to get minions like this father, let alone real friends. His parents knew it too. Scorpius could see it on their faces as they went through the motions of a happy send off to Hogwarts. "Try to talk to someone on the train," Draco urged his son, his brow furrowing in worry. Even though he knew his father said such things out of love—he, too, wanted Scorpius to make friends and be happy—the words still sent a shiver of fear down Scorpius' spine. As if his own disappointment at being unable to make friends wasn't enough, he'd have to face his father's disappointment as well when he came home for Christmas holidays without a friend to speak of. "I've given you plenty of treats," Astoria said, drawing Scorpius' attention away from his father. The large smile on her face made her better at hiding her fears than Draco was, but Scorpius could still see the worry in her eyes. She continued to stuff more snacks into Scorpius' robes than ever should have fit. Scorpius thought she might have put enlarging charms on the pockets the last time they'd been washed. "Mum, I can't eat all of this," Scorpius protested. "There's enough here for the entire train." Astoria froze for a millisecond, and Scorpius got it, despite the way she continued filling his pockets without commenting or looking at him. "I thought that maybe you'd like to share," she admitted, though she kept her tone light. "Not with the whole train, but maybe with the rest of your compartment." "Just with myself then," Scorpius muttered under his breath. It was low enough that his father didn't hear the comment, but his mother did. She shot him a reproachful look. "I'll share them with my compartment," Scorpius promised, trying to smile for her. "I'm sure homemade pumpkin pasties will be a great conversation starter." Astoria rolled her eyes, but this time there was amusement in her features. "Food can often bring people together," Astoria said, "and I take great pride in that pumpkin pasty recipe." With good reason, his mother's pumpkin pasties were the best Scorpius had ever had. "The Trolley Witch will sue if anyone else gets ahold of yours, Mum. She may even go out of business." Astoria preened, previous fears momentarily forgotten. "I'm not sure about that," she replied modestly. "I'll never make chocolate frogs quite as great as the original." She'd tried though. It had been quite a shock when for the first time, at three years old, Scorpius had entered the kitchen to find chocolate frogs jumping everywhere, his mother unable to control them. The train whistled again, causing Astoria and Draco to glance at the clock that towered over the station. 10:59. The look of anxiety on Astoria's face had returned. Draco's had never left. His mother leaned in to drop a kiss to the top of his head, a feat that had become difficult over the previous months. Scorpius realized with a jolt that he might be too tall for such a gesture once he saw her again, and his stomach twisted into more knots. He thought he might cry, and he took a deep, shaky breath to will the tears away. His parents had been the closest thing he'd had to friends for his entire life. He hadn't realized how true that was until he wasn't going to see them again for months. "Off you go then," Astoria urged. Scorpius knew her well enough to detect the tears that were pricking at her eyes, but she hid it well, making sure her posture didn't falter. Scorpius kissed his mother and hugged his father goodbye before boarding the train and finding an empty compartment for himself. He'd been alone for several minutes when there was commotion in the corridor, and Scorpius' head shot up to watch a boy and a girl arguing outside his compartment door. Their eyes kept flickering into the compartment and towards Scorpius for split seconds at a time as if Scorpius wouldn't notice the looks. He glanced away, able to imagine what sorts of things the girl was saying about him. Her look said it all. For a few moments, the conflict continued, and Scorpius stared at the empty seat across from him. He could feel heat in his cheeks, but he refused to glance back at the pair. He froze when he heard the door slide open, finally glancing over and into the eyes of Albus Severus Potter. Scorpius struggled to remain calm as Albus smiled at him. His mind was working on overdrive as he tried to figure out what Albus' seemingly kind expression meant. Potters and Malfoys weren't friends. If they ever had been, it had been centuries ago. Scorpius knew they were related somehow, but they were as distant as two pureblooded families could be, evidenced by the fact that the Potters were no longer a pureblood family. Scorpius had wanted a friend, any friend, but a Potter was the last sort of person he'd expected to willingly enter his presence. Followed closely by a Weasley at that. Rose's glare had Scorpius cowering in his seat despite having claimed this particular compartment first. He would have given the compartment to her and left if it meant she wouldn't look at him with such anger. "Hi," Albus said, ignoring his cousin's anger and smiling at Scorpius as if were anyone but a Malfoy. "I'm Albus Potter." "I know," Scorpius responded, cringing a moment later when he realized how strange that sounded. He didn't like when people had preconceived notions of him, and sure enough, Albus frowned at the words, looking displeased. "Scorpius Malfoy," Scorpius continued, trying to remember the etiquette he'd been taught. Despite his extensive schooling on the topic, he'd always been terrible at implementing it. Albus smiled again once Scorpius had announced his name, which squashed Scorpius' prediction that Albus hadn't known who he was. Somehow, he still looked friendly, and there was no way a Potter had grown up with no idea of who the Malfoys were or what they had done. "This is my cousin Rose," Albus said when it became clear that Rose, who was standing behind Albus with crossed arms and a scowl, wasn't going to speak for herself. "Rose Granger-Weasley." "If I wanted to be introduced, I'd do it myself," Rose snapped. The smile fell from Albus' face for a moment before he was able to rearrange his features into something neutral. This expression was more reserved than the one before. Scorpius had been waiting for this. "Rose," Albus muttered in a pleading voice. No doubt Rose typically wasn't this impolite. It was a hatred she reserved for Malfoys and other Old Families who had once pledged their allegiance to Voldemort. "It's okay," Scorpius said. "I don't expect either of you to like me. I get it. Really, I do. I'm a Malfoy; my family were Death Eaters. Your family were heroes. You two really shouldn't talk to me." Something about Scorpius' words had affected Albus. He watched the other boy with a look of sympathy, one that Scorpius wasn't sure whether he was thankful for or not. "Who said I didn't want to be friends?" Albus said, a new resolve in his voice. He plopped himself down on the seat across from Scorpius, his smile brighter than it had been before, and somehow, Scorpius couldn't detect a lie. Rose scoffed at her cousin, still disgusted to be in Scorpius' presence, but Scorpius had been presented with an opportunity that he had never expected to have. He wasn't going to waste it. "I have snacks," Scorpius announced out of nowhere, suddenly remembering the sheer amount of food that had been stuffed into his robes. He'd needed something to break the silence, even if it wasn't what he would have said had he had more time to prepare for this moment. "Do you want a pumpkin pasty? My mum made them. They're better than the pre-packaged ones." Albus was still smiling at him, and he wasn't laughing at Scorpius, who in his nervousness struggled to get his hand in his pocket to grab some pumpkin pasties. "I'd love one," Albus said, reaching out to take one of the pastries from Scorpius' shaking hand. He bit into it with a fervor that suggested that he had been hungry. Scorpius watched him eagerly. For some reason, a rejection of his mum's baking would feel almost as bad as a rejection of himself. "This is so good," Albus assured Scorpius. "You were right about it being better than the packaged ones. Thanks." "No problem," Scorpius said, straightening his posture without realizing it. He felt as proud as if he'd done the baking himself. Then he remembered Rose and glanced over in her direction. The amount of approval he'd gotten from Albus was enough that Scorpius no longer cowered under her gaze. "Would you like one?" he offered, knowing full well