A/N- So I know I shouldnt be starting a new story but my laptop is currently out of commission with my current stories on it I have no choice but to start another. I'm hoping I'll be able to get it fixed soon with my harddrive intact! Besides my stories, I have my year in Europe on that thing! Okay, this story is something I've never done before but I wanted to try, it's been sitting on my desktop computer forever so after editing and adding it's presentable. It's not slash and its a Guardian fic, so I hope you guys enjoy it. Review, but don't flame. Chapter 1 Harry Potter was not a normal person, despite living with his 'completely normal relations'. Note the sarcasm; they were as normal as any abusive guardians could ever be. But that is not how the story takes place. No Harry Potter was a wizard, a bright and intelligent child with so much potential at his fingertips. At the moment however, he was exhibiting anything but, as he tried hard not to let his thoughts take control. As it was about a week until winter holidays and he had been told that Hogwarts, would be closing to charge the wards. And as such each of the students would be on the Hogwarts Express and going back home for their 3 week vacation. So it was this boy that was worrying about what he was going to experience once he got home and back with his relatives. His eyes flickered throughout the classroom at his peers who he knew wasn't dreading going home like he was, but then again they had nothing to fear at home, he did. At the moment though he was currently sitting in Potions class; which everyone can tell you is the worst place to be, if you were in any of house other than Slytherin. As it was, Harry was a Gryffindor and so, this was a particularly hard class for him. One in which he held himself back, knowing that it wouldn't do him any good. After all, abuse is a hard lesson, but one he had learnt very well, and at a very young age. He swallowed quietly, his eyes quickly averting as they caught the dark penetrating gaze of his teacher. He held his breath hoping that the Professor in question simply ignored him. But it was not to be so. He glanced to the left of him to look at his partner Neville, only to mentally groan as he got a look at their potion. It was a fuchsia color when it should be more of a lavender one. It didn't help that the Professor was soon standing behind them which had both boys flinching. They hunched their shoulders as they waited for the biting tone, but surprisingly there was none. Which set the slight boy on edge, as he knew it was coming and he hated waiting for punishment. Trying to calm himself down, Harry turned to his textbook, choosing to read the next step even if he knew their potion was a complete failure. Still he hoped to somehow save it and not end up with a Troll today. As he turned to talk to Neville, to see if the boy had any idea what went next he saw to his horror that the boy in question was trying to add some doxy wings. He knew (even if their potion was a complete failure) that it wasn't time to add that ingredient. He also wasn't sure how it would counteract to their current mess now, and as this was a volatile ingredient, he really didn't want to risk it. But before he could even think of pulling his friend's hand back he froze as a dark dangerous voice behind them suddenly spoke. "Longbottom, you imbecilic boy, don't you dare think of putting those wings in that cauldron. Are you that daft boy?" Severus hissed out as the hand in question simply dangled for a moment. He saw it and for a just a second he regretted his outburst as the child's shaky hands soon let go of the wings and he cursed. "Oops," Neville gasped out fearfully as turned to look up at the man and gave an audible gulp at the look he was now on the receiving end of. Harry for his part wasn't sure what the hell was going on, only that it didn't bode well for him or Neville. As it was, he could see his Professor's pale face narrow and he tensed bracing for the tongue lashing but it wasn't to be so. He didn't have long as to wonder why as the next thing he noticed was the Professor had his wand out and was starting to cast what looked to be a shield. But as Harry felt the rumble of the cauldron in front of him, he felt that it was going to be too late. His instincts had him diving underneath the table; barely grabbing onto Neville as it suddenly gave off a loud boom. The 13 year old noted that the classroom had silenced, even more so as it didn't even sound like his classmates were even breathing at this time, was he? He glanced at Neville trying to make sure his friend was okay, the adrenaline coursing through his own body. "Are you okay Neville?" He asked the boy quietly as he could hear Snape above them sniping about; he knew it wouldn't be long now. They were so dead, and at the moment he couldn't blame the man. For all he knew they had destroyed his classroom. "No Harry, I'm not okay, and neither are you," Neville whimpered out as he looked at the potion that had burned both of his exposed arms, not to mention Harry's. Harry glanced at his friend in confusion before he turned to look at the burned skin on his own body. Now that he was actively looking at it, it did hurt. But he didn't scream or cry or even whimper like Neville was doing. After all, he had had worse than this before. "I'm alright, hopefully Snape will let you go to the infirmary and I can clean this up," he said knowing the consequences of a detention already in the making for him. "You need the infirmary too," the slightly chunky boy sniffled in return. He wanted to cry, but Harry wasn't and it looked like the other boy had gotten the brunt of it so he wouldn't too. "Yeah, but this is nothing," Harry said absently before he looked around and carefully got up from underneath the table. He could see Ron and Hermione staring at him in concern and horror and he understood that, however he was looking for Snape. He couldn't find the dour man, which was alarming but another look around showed that Malfoy seemed to be missing too. His musings were cut short when out the corner of his eye, he saw something or someone go down. This was followed by a thump and his stomach dropped. He turned only to find his friend slumped out on the floor and he hurried over to him as the rest of the Gryffindors and some of the Slytherins looked at him fearfully. "Neville!" He screamed out, allowing finally for Professor Snape to poke his head from wherever the hell he had been to come back into the classroom. "Potter! What have you done to Longbottom?" Severus raged at him, though his heart was thudding fast in his chest. He had just seen his godson stumble and it was only luck that he had the boy into his office before he collapsed. He had only just laid the boy down on the couch in his office when he heard Potter screaming. It was all the stupid Gryffindor's fault and his lips curled in disgust as he stared at the child in front of him. "Nothing sir, he's just...he just fell out," Harry stated fearfully, wondering if he was next. Had his friend fallen because of the potion or was it something else entirely. Severus sneered as he looked at the raven hair child below, but he didn't comment. He knew in his gut that something was wrong here, but until he could exam their potion he was at a loss. Albus was going to kill him, however before the thought could passed his eyes flicked back over to where the bane of his existence had taken on a pale complexion. "Potter?" He asked carefully, another heavy feeling in his chest. Harry grimaced, feeling awful of a sudden. He couldn't explain why or what it was that came on him suddenly. "P'fessor, I don't feel very good," he whispered out before his body slumped forward onto the floor in a dead faint. It was only luck that he had already been kneeling on the ground next to his fallen friend that he was so low to the ground. The silence in the room was heavy and deafening. It took a moment for the Potion Master to get over the slight daze before he banished everyone's cauldrons except for the one belonging to the boys on the floor. "Out! Everyone out!" He roared, as he pulled out his wand so he could transport the teens to the infirmary. Unsurprisingly it was Granger and Weasley who stayed behind, obviously concerned about their house mates. But he couldn't fault them, not right now anyway. He was terrified about what could be wrong with the three boys. Especially as these particular boys were the heir to the Potter, Malfoy and Longbottom house, all ancient and noble in their own right. "Professor, how can. we help?" Hermione asked quietly when it became apparent the man wasn't going to address them. "I assume you both know the hovering charm? Preform it on Mr. Potter and Longbottom, while I attend to Mr. Malfoy," he told them curtly. "Yes sir," she replied, elbowing Ron who looked ready to say something that would get them all in trouble. The trip to the Hospital wing was quick and very quiet, each concious person clearly in their own thoughts. Severus was truly worried about his students, but mostly just Draco. He hoped that the two Gryffindor idiots hadn't done something damaging to his godson. If they did he was not to be responsible for his actions. Once they arrived the boys were set on the beds and the two Gryffindors shut out of the infirmary so Poppy could work her magic. Severus took that time to head to the Headmaster's office so he. would explain the situation. It was only a few hours later when one of the boys stirred, the other two in a healing sleep. This one In particular was used to short and light sleeps. After all growing up with the Durselys made sure of that. Harry woke to a semi-lit room that seemed vaguely familiar to him but he couldn't place it. He reached over to put his glasses on and noticed two sleeping boys on either side of him. They were both snoring to a degree but he knew better then to wake them up. What if they turned out to be a friend of Dudley? At that thought he stilled and any chance of him getting ready to leave the bed was diminished in seconds. He didn't know what to do, but his Aunt and Uncle didn't like it when he made noise so he stayed quiet. As he was swinging his legs on the bed the door to the infirmary opened, and in walked this man wearing all black. He looked angry and Harry instantly dropped his gaze to the floor, he knew eye contact wasn't allowed. He heard the man come closer but he didn't look up again until he was addressed "Potter look at me," Severus hissed out. He had seen the expression in the