Sometimes stories are easy to write, and pop into being like they've simply been waiting for you to make room on a page; this was one of those times. Making this story even sweeter, the collectively brilliant and awesome lena1987 and iulia linnea stepped up to beta, for which I am greatly appreciative of. It was originally posted as part of the 2017 LJ Snapecase Fest, and will be complete in three parts. 31 October 1970 Cokeworth, England Nose ostensibly buried in a tattered back-issue of Eagle , Severus tried to pretend that he wasn't listening to all the fuss his parents were making as they prepared to leave for the night. But as the clock ticked ever closer to seven, he couldn't help but sneak glances under his lashes at their woefully slow progress. Come on, come on! he mentally chided, turning the page of the comic book blindly. Just go already! Next to him, an empty teacup rattled in its chipped saucer and Severus froze, realising only belatedly that he'd been jiggling his leg against the side table. "Do you ever sit still, boy?" his Da snapped, taking a quick nip from his flask before shoving it back into his battered leather jacket. "You don't," Eileen retorted as she carefully applied black eye-liner in the hall mirror. "Why should he?" "Stop making excuses for the lad. He's ten, not two. If you don't stop mollycoddling him, he'll end up being even more of a freak than he already is." "Ah, yes, because you stand as such a sterling example of manly virtue…" Toby Snape made a noise halfway between a growl and grunt and returned to pacing, peering out the window at the empty street. From the mirror, his Mum raised a stern brow at him. Understanding the look for the warning it was, Severus sank lower in the chair and tried his best to fade into the background; she could only protect him so many times in one evening. "They're late," Toby groused irritably, tapping his fingers against the grimy window sill. Eileen rolled her eyes and reached for a tube of lipstick. "And so are we." With another glower in her direction Toby snarled, "I don't know why you're going to all that trouble. It's not as if it's going to help. Paint on a pig and all that rot." His Mum's lips thinned, and she put the lipstick back down with a muted click. "I imagine that I put on make up for the same reason you like to drink. It makes you think that you look far better than you actually do." Whatever nasty reply his Da was primed to make was interrupted by the loud bleat of a horn as a white Triumph Herald swung to the kerb. "Let's go," Toby ordered, striding towards the door. Eileen pointedly picked up the scarlet tube and pursed her lips. Toby halted, an equally red flush of temper appearing on his face. "Woman…" "Go," Eileen drawled coolly. "I'll meet you out there in a minute." "I don't know why I put up with you, yeh mouthy bint…" Snatching his keys from the ring, Toby stomped out, slamming the door behind him. Severus kept his eyes glued to the brightly coloured illustrations of the comic book as a hot ball of impotent rage exploded in his belly. One day , he vowed, hands clenching, one day I won't let you speak to her like that! Taking a deep breath in, he forced himself to relax, eyes darting to the thin frame of his mother. Her shoulders had slumped and her eyes were shut, leaving her nothing but a motionless shadow in the hall. From the depths of the threadbare armchair, he stirred, wondering if he should go to her. But before he could make up his mind, her fierce black eyes opened again and she stared at him in an assessing manner. "And just where are you off to tonight?" Placing the comic carefully on the table next to the cup, Severus stood up, feeling a touch nervous. If she forbade the outing, he would obey, full stop. And there's no point in trying to lie about it, 'cause she always knows… "To the travelling fair on the other side of town." Eileen dabbed at her mouth with the corner of her handkerchief. "I suppose you're taking that Evans girl, aren't you?" Severus nodded, hearing the insistent tick of the clock again; he and Lily only had until nine, and if he didn't leave soon, all their plans would be for naught. "Have her parents given permission?" "No." With a final pop of her rouged lips, Eileen replaced the lid to her lipstick and slipped it in her purse. Walking over to the cabinet by the fireplace, she opened the door and pulled out a glass bottle. Swiftly, she poured a measure and downed it; eyeing the rowdy group of men gathered at the car, she hesitated briefly before taking a second shot. She gave a low, sibilant hiss, and Severus could smell the acidic tang of gin even from several steps away. "That girl's not one of us," she said finally, voice gone rough. Severus bit his lip. "She's a witch." "No, she's a Muggle, and a middle class one at that. Mark my words… she's nothing but trouble. Gingers always are." She gave a flat laugh. "Woman generally are, for that matter." Despite her harsh words, her face softened as she glanced over to her son. High heels clicking on the wooden floor, Eileen walked over and smoothed a tender hand over his messy hair. "Don't get caught. If you do, I won't run interference with your father nor her parents, do you understand?" "Yes, ma'am." Worry flickered through her expression. "Be careful, Severus. Tonight is Samhain. The dark half of the year has begun, and you know better than to think it's all cheerful fairy tales and bobbing for apples." "I know." "Good." With a slight smirk, she dug into her purse. "Open your hand." Minding quickly, Severus held his palm out and blinked with amazement as a small fortune in coins filled it to the point of nearly overflowing. "That's almost two pounds! Where'd you get all that?" "I nicked it from your father, of course. Tell me, what is the first rule?" "Slytherins don't get caught." He grinned, fist closing over the money swiftly. She gave him a quick buss on the forehead, wiping away the resulting trace of lipstick. "That's my clever son." The horn sounded again, and his mum huffed with annoyance. "Don't spend it all on the girl. And I want you home by ten. I will know if you disobey. Is that clear?" "Yes, ma'am." Pulling her black woollen overcoat from the back of the settee, she made for the door, a faint billow of fabric following her. "Mum," he called softly, and she paused, looking over her shoulder. "You do look pretty." She smiled, hair falling back from her face for a brief moment. "Such a silver-tongued boyo, you are…" Severus waited ten additional nerve-wracking minutes just in case his parents returned for some forgotten item. Peeking out the front door the instant the grandmother clock ticked over to seven-twelve, he confirmed that the coast was clear and then bolted for the narrow side alley that was the quickest way out of the estate. Deftly leaping over the large puddles of murky water, he made it to the river bridge in record time. Gods, I can't believe my luck tonight. Two whole pounds to spend on whatever I want! And if Lily can actually manage to get away… It had been her idea to sneak off to see the travelling fair. Severus didn't understand why she simply didn't ask to go—her parents were ridiculously soft-hearted and would do almost anything to make their daughters happy—but he had to assume that the sneaking part was somehow fun to her. Personally, he could do without the added complications; after all, it felt like he spent half his days sneaking around to escape either his father or the estate thugs. Galloping over the rickety pedestrian walkway, he tugged at the battered sleeves of his ill-fitting coat before giving it up for a lost cause. Severus didn't need a mirror to tell him that he didn't fit in, but he was a frequent enough sight in the neighbourhood that people had stopped outright glaring at him, at least. Fleetingly, he wondered if he should save some of the money to buy himself a new coat. No. Da would see it and only start asking questions. Best to spend it on something he can't see or take… The last time that his Mum had come into an unexpected windfall—she had made a small fortune peddling an 'old family herbal tisane' to the neighbours during a flu outbreak—Toby Snape had accused his wife of prostituting herself. The recollection of the sounds his Mum had made during the resulting beating still woke him up at night. His vanity—indeed, even cold wrists—just weren't worth the risk of catching his father's notice. Casting a cagey eye about, Severus slipped past the skeletal lilac bushes that separated Lily's garden from her neighbours. Unlike the Snapes, who lived in a narrow grey-bricked terrace house with nary a patch of green in sight, the Evans' spacious home had both a front and back garden. Scooping up several small stones by the birdbath, he tossed them at her second-storey bedroom window and waited for her to appear. After what seemed like an eternity, the pale yellow curtain fluttered and he saw her face briefly before the sill jerked up. Lily grinned at him and swung a leg over, snagging an old trellis with one hand to use as a ladder. Nimble as a monkey, she was down on the ground in a flash. Cocking her head towards the bridle path that ran next to their back shed, she silently motioned for them to move away as the sour figure of Petunia shut the window with a glower. Once they were far enough away from the house to not be overheard she whirled to face him, her hair glowing like a banked fire in the last rays of daylight. The sight of her—vibrant and lovely and always so happy to see him—never failed to make his heart race and palms turn sweaty; for about the hundredth time, he wondered why she was friends with the likes of him. "Well?" he asked, curious as to how she'd engineered her great escape. Her grin turned smug. "Guess who caught Tunie and Michael Roberts snogging last night by the swings?" Severus grimaced. "She traded spit with that troll? Gross. He looks like someone's hit him in the face with a shovel." "I know, that's what I told her. I dunno why she wanted to snog him, of all people…" Lily gave a delicate shudder of disgust. "Anyway, I promised her I wouldn't tell Mum, and that she could read Anne of Avonlea before I did if she covered for me tonight." "And you think that she will stay quiet?" he questioned dubiously. "Yeah. She'll be in as much trouble as me if I get caught now. Plus, she gets to take her sweet time reading my new book. I've saved up almost a month to buy it, and I swear, that greedy cow is reading each page three times just to torture me!" He rolled his eyes. "Just steal it back when she's sleeping and read it then." "I'll wait, I want to enjoy it.… but because I had to buy the book, I don't have much money for tonight." She exhaled, appearing uncomfortable for the first time; Lily knew he never had any allowance. Not tonight! I can pay my way, and yours … Pulling the gleaming coins from his pocket, Severus flourished them with all of the grandeur of a showman. "No