Begins summer after 2nd year. Harry's eyes widened in horror as Marge continued to grow in size and floated out the double doors. He took one look at Uncle Vernon's purple face and darted out of the room. The second stair from the top tripped him as he ran, but Vernon's yells prompted him to continue his pace. He dove under his bed and pulled at the floor boards until they were popped and then removed the pillowcase he'd been keeping his food scraps, presents, and books in. With no regard for the floor boards, he ran back downstairs and pulled his trunk out of the cupboard just as Vernon burst from the dining room. "COME BACK!" Vernon yelled as he grabbed Harry by the collar. "YOU COME BACK AND SET HER RIGHT!" Harry tried to squirm out of his grip and retrieve his wand from the trunk, but Vernon's grip was too strong. "No! I've had enough. She deserved what she got!" He continued squirming and nervously eyed Vernon's favored fist. Petunia entered screeching and Harry was sure he'd be walking bruised soon enough. A sudden, curt knock came at the door and everything seemed to freeze. "Petunia!" Vernon hissed as he placed a finger over Harry's lips. Petunia quickly straightened her previously crisp blouse and put on a pleasant face as she approached the door. She gently opened it and then stepped back in horror. "You!" she hissed. "Who is it Petunia?" Vernon asked slowly. Petunia shook her head and her hands trembled as she stepped back and a figure entered. "How dare you enter my…." "Professor!" Harry interrupted. He almost hadn't recognized Snape in his Muggle attire, much less with his hair tied back, but it was the dour potions professor. Vernon's hand shook as he unintentionally tightened his grip on Harry. "You're one of those freaks, then?" "Only the worst sort," Petunia hissed as she stepped nearer her husband. "Filthy little bastard. I warned you never to seek us out." Snape rolled his eyes as he shifted his gaze from Petunia to Harry. "And what, pray tell, has our dear prince Potter done to cause your unpleasant color?" Vernon released his grip and shoved Harry back against the wall. "What is it to you, how I run my household, hmm?" "No matter I suppose. However, seeing as the boy is coming with me, I see no reason for you to withhold such…vital information." A funny smile crossed Vernon's features as he realized he might be rid of Harry for the summer. "This freak, here, went and blew up my sister, refuses to set her right." The look Snape gave was both cold and calculating and worried Harry immensely. "That is hardly any concern of mine. I should imagine you'll be hearing from the department of underage sorcery shortly." He snarled at Harry and briefly bared his teeth. "Get your things, we're leaving." "And you can just take the boy like that?" Aunt Petunia asked coolly as she looked Snape up and down. "Lily never wanted him with you, bastard, wanted you as far away from all of us as possible. So did Daddy." She looked to Harry sympathetically. "I won't be held responsible for your perversions rubbing off on him." Harry's eyes grew wide as Snape let out a cackle. "Fuck you and fuck your dear, dead daddy. Albus Dumbledore sent me and seeing as you have had some rather long and arduous conversations with him previously, I suggest you save yourself the trouble in this instance. Get your things, Potter." They all stared at Harry as he sucked in a deep breath. "Not him, please, not him. I swear I'll behave." "Quit your melodramatics, Potter," Snape ordered as he grabbed Harry's trunk and motioned toward the door. "Move." He glared at Petunia as he followed Harry out. "Sir?" Harry asked quietly as he looked behind him. "Where are we going?" "The car, you twat." Snape hit Harry's shoulder with force as he passed and set the trunk in the back of his car. He entered the car and swiftly buckled, all the while staring at Harry. Harry could feel his gaze boring into his skull and stared at the house a moment. Snape would be worse than the Dursleys –they were neglectful, sure, but Snape was outright cruel. The man's words replayed in his ears. He'd been sent by Dumbledore and that meant everything was fine. He got into the car and buckled before turning to Snape. "Do not speak." The first 10 minutes were quiet and nerve-wracking, though not necessarily uncomfortable. "I suppose I should explain," Snape muttered. "Sirius Black escaped with the intention of harming your person. The Headmaster believes you are no longer safe at the Dursley residence. Unfortunately, your mother designed blood wards to keep you safe." He scowled and Harry kept his eyes firmly on the road ahead. "As your only other blood relative, the Headmaster has entrusted you to my care. It is not a decision I agree with or am happy about. Normally, he allows me to spend holidays at home in peace and for whatever reason has decided that you are not to be housed at the school." "You're my mum's brother?" Harry interrupted. He stared at Snape with particular attention to detail. Maybe they didn't look so dissimilar. Their hair was a similar shade of black and some of their facial features were the same, but the nose was a huge difference. Snape's was obviously hooked. "Half-brother. Do not interrupt me again. I don't have the option of taking you to the school and I only kept my parents' home for show. Albus has likewise suggested," he paused and shook his head, "that I take you home." He hissed and fell into silence a moment. Harry curled in on himself as much as possible without putting his feet on the seat. It was every worst nightmare rolled into one. He didn't much feel like apologizing for something that wasn't his fault, but the silence was unnerving. "Albus is particularly fond of my partner. Bennett…even I have to agree that he's good for me. The point is that he believes I might cause you permanent…issues should there not be a third party." "You're gay?" Harry asked quietly. Snape having feelings at all surprised him more than anything and it was hard to believe the man might have an actual partner. "Nothing wrong with that, just…. You don't seem like the relationship type." "Do not interrupt me," Snape continued as if Harry had never spoken. "We are not particularly excited to be hosting you; as such, I suggest you keep to yourself. You will refer to me as sir or professor at all times and Bennett as doctor or sir. Understood?" His voice hadn't lost its edge, but Harry could hear that he was tired, or perhaps just annoyed. He nodded his response and stared out the window as they continued into London. There were so many questions he wanted to ask –why didn't Dumbledore trust his professor with a student; why was Sirius Black after him? Mostly, he wanted to fight Snape and have a good yell, but he was always harsh with his punishments and now there would be no one to calm him. They parked next to a poorer flat building and Harry trudged along as they climbed the stairs. As awful as the Dursleys were, at least they lived in a safe neighborhood. Snape roughly unlocked the door and played with it to get it open. "Ben?" he called. Harry followed him and took everything in. The hanger on the wall held two tattered jackets, under them two pairs of boots. The thinly carpeted hallway led into a cluttered living room. There were two old couches on opposite sides of a coffee table that was littered with books and papers. A television sat in the corner surrounded by tapes. He continued to follow Snape through the tiny flat and tried not to look put off. The kitchen was small and cramped just like everything else. They went down a second hallway that held three doors. Snape threw open the one on the right and dumped Harry's trunk on the floor. "While I imagine your room at the Dursleys was far more… magnificent, we do not have anywhere else to put you." Snape scowled as he stared at Harry. "I would prefer not to see you again until Ben gets home." He gave a single nod before leaving. When the door shut, Harry let out a sob and sunk to his knees. His body shook in anger and he tried to keep his temper in check. The shaking in his hands increased and he stood –without a physical outlet, his core might burst again. He took another look around the room –one small bed, desk, and dresser. Unlike the other rooms, it was practically bare. He pulled his trunk up onto the bed and began unpacking his clothes neatly into the dresser. Perhaps Snape would let him take out money from Gringotts for new clothes. Once that was settled, he pulled on his nicest trousers and shirt –even if Snape was still his cold, miserable self, perhaps Ben would be warmer. He quickly organized his school things on the desk and sighed. It didn't feel like his anymore than Dudley's second bedroom did. "Sev?" Harry heard a voice call. He gently opened the door and took a few cautious steps out. The door across from his opened and Snape stepped out. They stared at each other until the voice interrupted them. "This is him, then?" Harry turned his head slowly to look at the man. Ben was just a bit taller than Snape, but had a very different build. His muscles popped from under his clothing and his short, blonde hair stuck up in a messy way. "I'm Harry," he muttered. "It's a pleasure, Harry," Ben said with a soft smile. "Have you settled in well? It's not large, but neither is ours." He stuck his hands in his front pockets and swayed a bit as he looked between them. "How about we take this to the sitting room? Sev and I had some ground rules to discuss with you, right honey?" "Right," Snape said as he turned into Ben's chest. They shared a long kiss before walking down the hallway, Ben slightly behind Snape. Harry followed, a nervous monster growing in his stomach, and sat on the sofa opposite them. The silence stretched out for minutes until Ben broke it. "Albus mentioned you don't get along." This comment caught Harry's attention and he snapped his eyes up. "You know Dumbledore?" "Professor Dumbledore," Snape snapped. Ben gently rested his hand on Snape's knee and then rubbed his thigh. "I met Albus in, what, 1980 when Sev took his teaching position. He talks to me when it's convenient. A bit about me –since I'm sure Sev didn't tell you anything –I am a child psychologist specialized in abuse and trauma recovery. Uhm," he considered Snape for a moment, "we've been together since we were 14, nearly 20 years. Tell me about yourself, then." Harry put on a polite smile. Snape having been with someone for 20 years seemed nearly impossible. "I'll be 13 soon. I, uh, well I play Quidditch, don't know if you know what that is." He shrugged. "It's a sport, yes," Ben replied. "And school, then? I'm sure Severus is your favorite professor." Harry's eyes grew wide and he briefly looked to Snape. "I'm just joking," Ben continued. "He's a right arse at the best of times." A thin smile crossed Snape's lips and Harry suspected the comment had been made to break tension. "What is your favorite subject, then?" "Well," Harry started and then stopped. "I don't hate potions," he said quietly and looked at Snape, "just you. I'm good at defense," he shrugged, "so that I guess." Ben squeezed Snape's thigh