Beginning of 5th year. Harry felt dazed when he left the Great Hall alone. Ron and Hermione were off seeing to their prefect duties; the pink toad lady from the Ministry was sitting at the head table. Worst of all, for the first time, he'd gone through things alone. It wouldn't be fair to Sirius or Ron or Hermione for him to talk about how he'd been tortured –they wouldn't understand and their pity would only make things worse. He hurried down a staircase people never used into the dungeons to cross over to a staircase leading up to Gryffindor tower. The air temperature dropped a good 10 degrees and he sniffled –how could anyone possibly want to live down there? A noise caught his attention from behind and he turned his head for just a moment before walking into something. "Oomph." "Potter," Snape sneered. "Marvelous. Detention. My office in 30 minutes." He smirked and started to walk away. "And 10 points from Gryffindor," he yelled over his shoulder. A loud sigh escaped Harry's lips as he pivoted on his feet and turned so that he could walk over to the staircase he needed. How perfect was that –spending his first night in detention with Snape. Not wanting to endure Snape's presence for longer than necessary, he dawdled and made sure not to knock until exactly 30 minutes had passed. Snape called for him to enter and he did so with a scowl. Nothing was said as he looked at the ingredients set out. There was a note next to the bucket of chicken livers that read dice. He scowled as he looked up at the dour potions professor and tried to ignore the stench. After 15 minutes, he thought he might have cut the first one correctly and set it aside. Just as he grabbed another one, a loud alarm sounded and a corporeal phoenix appeared before Snape. The professor jumped up and flicked his wand before ordering Harry to move. "I said come," Snape hissed as he grabbed the front of Harry's robes and pulled. He flicked his wand at the wall in front of him before storming through the door that appeared. Just as Harry was about to follow through the door, he heard someone scream and stopped. A large, yellow-tinted hand clasped over his mouth and yanked him backward before the door slammed shut. Suddenly, the room illuminated, but not in a way he'd ever seen. The door was covered by red strands of…what? It looked like ribbon, but he knew it wasn't. Green and blue ribbon interlocked over the walls until they were fully covered. Before it had finished, Harry shut his eyes and brought his hands up to shield them from the blinding light. Just as quickly as it had started, the lights went out and the hand was removed from his mouth. When Snape let him go, Harry whipped his head around madly. The walls and door had regained their normal appearance and there were lit chevrons. He turned to ask Snape what he'd seen and realized the man was exceptionally pale. "Sir?" he hissed. Snape shook his head and collapsed to his knees. For such a proud man to do that…Harry knew something had to be seriously wrong. "Sir?" he asked again. When no response came, he started paying attention to their surroundings. Against the back wall sat a sparsely-filled bookshelf and something that looked like a birdbath. No potions, he quickly realized. Snape's gasp caught his attention and he noticed the moisture on the man's cheeks. "Are you injured, Potter?" Harry silently shook his head. "What just happened?" "Death Eaters," Snape hissed. He grunted as he stood and then tugged at his robes until they were off. "The schools' been attacked," he muttered as he rolled up his sleeves. "I had nowhere else to detain you on such notice. As the headmaster will doubtless remind you –you are to forget everything you see in this room." Heat rose in Harry's cheeks as he realized he was stuck. There would be no running off to find his friends, no joining the fight. He pulled his thoughts away from the news of the attack and Snape's words sank in. "And what did I just see, sir?" It was obvious that Snape was thinking, but he answered quicker than Harry had anticipated. "There are branches of defensive magic that we cannot so much as name, legally; branches that, as far as the legal system is concerned, are never taught in any form. As a Defense Master, my pursuit of certain illegal branches is protected by the Council." Fear flooded Harry's system –a room meant for practicing illegal magic did not bode well –but his curiosity also peaked. "What was that earlier?" No response came –Snape just stared blankly for a moment before walking to the bookshelf and selecting a volume. "Right," Harry whispered more to himself than to Snape as he searched for a place to sit. He sat with his back against the wall and pulled his knees into his chest. Would people die? What if his friends came looking for him and got hurt? He tried to keep his thoughts calm as he shut his eyes, figuring there was nothing better to do than sleep. -:-:-:- Harry winced when he startled awake. Falling asleep against the wall had been a bad idea. He opened his eyes just a bit to locate Snape and was surprised to find that the man was almost directly in front of him with his wand pointed at the wall. Harry pulled his legs further into his body and quietly moved so that he wouldn't be in Snape's way. After a moment, he realized that portion of the wall was way closer to Snape than it should have been and was part of an enclosure. He rubbed his eyes and tried to make sense of it. "Sir?" Snape just peered over his shoulder. "People quickly lose all sense of time in the dark, Potter. A loo will be necessary at some point." "But…." "Cease the histrionics, Potter. I suspect the portion of the castle above us has been destroyed. Help would have come by now otherwise." "And you want me to calm down?" Harry yelled louder than he'd intended. Snape checked that the door to the loo worked before walking to the bookshelf. He removed a book end and muttered a spell. Suddenly, the book end expanded into a full-size trunk. He pushed it until it was against the wall next to the loo and then sat on it. "I experiment in here occasionally and locked myself in a lab for a few weeks by accident during my mastery. There's…" he went silent a moment, "if we ration I suppose 30 years worth of food and a few changes of clothing." Harry balked and then looked around the tiny room. 30 years? Snape must have truly lost it. "They're coming for us," he said as calmly as possible. "We'll be fine." "Of course we will, Potter, don't be melodramatic. We ought to be prepared for a wait. If the portion of the castle did in fact collapse, it may be months before they can get through the wards to retrieve us." A look of utter exhaustion passed over his face as he sunk to the floor next to the trunk. As he looked at the older man, Harry realized something was seriously wrong. It wasn't just casual exhaustion, but something much deeper. Snape's typically greasy hair was soaked in sweat and beads of the moisture ran down his face. "Are you okay?" he asked quietly. Snape gave just the slightest tremble. "It is never safe to put up wards as quickly as I did, the situation however called for it." He took a deep breath and shuddered as he let it out. "The fatigue will pass." "That's what those were?" Harry said in surprise. "Quiet and let me rest," Snape snapped. He curled up on his side and was snoring in just a few moments. Harry finally extended his legs and let out a sob. He'd been tortured and then spent almost all of his summer isolated and here he was isolated again. No friends, nobody to talk to, just eggshells to walk on. But Snape hadn't really yelled yet and he'd been allowed to sleep. He picked at the lint on his trousers for what seemed like an eternity and only stopped when Snape started squirming. He went still for just a moment and then jerked upright in pain. Not a sound left him as he curled into a ball and began shaking. "Sir?" Harry called as he stood. He placed a hand on the man's shoulder and then pulled back when he felt the magical current. It registered with him what spell it was before he'd even had time to think about it. How was Snape under a cruciatus when there was no one else in the room? He rubbed his fingers together in confusion. He'd touched just a bit of Snape's hair and felt softness, but he expected there to be grease on his fingers. Snape remained silent as he continued to shake, his head cradled carefully in his arms. Harry sank to his knees in front of him and considered him carefully. It was the mark, he realized. The Dark Mark on Snape's arm, that was glowing red. He pulled back, suddenly afraid of the man in front of him. But, he thought, Snape had had plenty of time in which to kill him, right? He hadn't needed more than that to not move away, but the tears on the older man's cheeks prompted him forward. Nobody had been there for him when he'd been tortured, to hold him and say it was okay, and he wouldn't wish that on a prat like Malfoy, much less Snape. Just as he reached out to touch the potions master, the memory of the man hating any and all physical contact stopped him. It probably wouldn't be comforting and he didn't want to get shocked again. Unable to come up with anything else that might be calming, he stood and walked over to the books. Some of the words in the titles were foreign and he had no idea how they fit together in magical theory, so he grabbed the only one with a title that seemed straightforward: Magic of the Mind . Before returning to Snape, he stopped off at the trunk and pulled out a never-empty water bottle. He sat cross-legged and set the bottle between them off to one side. After clearing his throat, he read: "Magic of the Mind. Chapter One…." Given the length of the tome, he hadn't even managed to finish chapter one before Snape's tremors had stopped and he'd drifted to sleep. It hadn't taken long for his memories of the night in the grave yard to flood his mind and he found himself completely unable to move. When tears threatened at the corners of his eyes, he picked up from where he'd left off and continued to read about the strange thing called occlumency. In honesty, he wasn't even sure how to pronounce the funny word and was certain it was one of the illegal magics Snape had mentioned. Eventually, his eyes grew heavy, and in his mental exhaustion he slid to the ground and wrapped his arms around the book. -:-:-:- Severus Snape woke with a groan. The pain had been bearable, but, for obvious reasons, he hadn't slept well. As a kid, his mattress had been so thin it might not have existed at all, but 35 was too old for such things. He opened his eyes to locate Potter and then hissed. The boy's face was just a foot in front of his and he was sound asleep. Anger overtook him for just a moment before he remembered why. Potter had spent hours reading to him