On some level, the cloudless, sunny sky seemed unnatural given the day, but as Harry stared at Dumbledore's headstone, it somehow felt right. Sunlight and community –wasn't that what the man had fought for? He'd avoided the grave since the war's end. He had far too many emotions, confusing, complicated emotions, surrounding the man, but the savior of the Wizarding World couldn't miss the 5 year anniversary of Dumbledore's death. The crowd cleared quietly. Most couldn't get past their tears and barely even seemed to notice Harry. A few of the Weasleys glared and he considered going to talk to them, but knew it wasn't the time or place. Ginny hadn't come –probably so that she wouldn't have to see him. Though it had been a few months since his…eruption, he still couldn't believe he'd done it. They'd been arguing for a while, but something snapped that day when he came home from the Auror Academy and the place was a mess. She wanted her friends around, her teammates even, and that night she'd thrown a small gathering. When Harry walked into the room, wanting nothing more than a drink and a good night's sleep, and found himself staring at the entire team as they erupted into whispers, he'd had words. In retrospect, he knew he'd overreacted by throwing them all out, by throwing Ginny out, but in that moment anger had simply consumed him. He looked around and took count of who was there again. Most everyone he'd expected to see had come, but one person in particular apparently hadn't felt the need to bother. Snape's absence shouldn't have frustrated Harry to the extent it did –they were both reluctant heroes, both recluses—but if he, Harry Potter had been required to make an appearance, then Snape should've too. Hermione walked in his direction and he gently thumbed his fingers over the parchment in his pocket as he turned to face her. The parchment never left his person, though he often felt foolish for having kept it. During his 6th year, when he'd had the Prince's book, he'd secretly removed a page. It wasn't anything special or important, just a small poem. Knowing it was Snape's should have changed things, but he felt like they were his words and felt no desire to let it go. "Hermione," he said quietly. She gave the smallest smile before clearing her throat. "How are you, Harry?" she didn't wait for his answer before continuing. "Ginny's…well, she's seeing a healer." Harry nodded –it didn't seem like something he was supposed to ask about. "You and Ron still getting married, then? We haven't spoken in a while." Hermione frowned and puffed her cheeks out a moment. "I don't know how Ginny's going to feel when she returns from the healer, but if she contacts you, because she might, she really does love you…just please be kind…and understanding." She turned her head toward Ron and then back. "I should go, but Harry…." He tried not to glare as he met her gaze. "You should get yourself some help." Before Harry could answer, Hermione spun on her heel and returned to Ron's side. Perhaps he'd wrongly expected things to go better, but Harry found himself furious. Furious at Hermione for confronting him, furious at Ron for not speaking to him, furious at Snape for not showing up. As he stood there fuming, he realized that only one of his frustrations could be confronted in that moment. Without speaking a word to anyone, he apparated. As Harry well knew, the Ministry hadn't been able to keep tabs on Snape. Hell, it had taken days after the battle's end for anyone to realize he'd survived. In the 4 years since the war's end, the man had been seen just a handful of times. Harry, however, knew exactly where Snape was. After things had calmed down and he'd recovered from the war, Harry had spent a small fortune to find Snape and accidently led reporters to the house. They hadn't discussed then why Harry had felt the need to know where Snape was. Nor had they any of the times Snape had moved and alerted Harry to his change in address. It was something just between them, a secret, much like the memories. Though, Harry had never actually visited. The things he'd wanted to say had never been said. He supposed a small part of him just took comfort in knowing where Snape was. He knocked harshly at the door until it swung open. "May I help you?" Snape hissed as he stepped aside and ushered Harry in. Harry opened his mouth and then closed it before casually looking around. "Nice place." "It functions," Snape muttered as he walked by. "Whisky?" "I guess," Harry replied as he followed. He took a seat in the sitting room and let his head clear while Snape poured drinks. "I shouldn't have come." Snape growled as he passed a tumbler over. His hair was short and he was barely recognizable. Harry was certain he wouldn't have recognized the man on the streets. "Then why did you come, Potter?" he asked as he checked the window facing the street. Harry blushed and sipped the whisky. "Uck," he muttered as he let his sip dribble back into the cup. "Sorry, I, uh, prefer honey." Snape raised a single eyebrow and snapped his fingers. Suddenly the liquid in Harry's glass changed from fireball to honey. "Thanks. I wasn't followed this time." He took a long sip. "You skipped the anniversary. I thought you'd come." "I do not see why it concerns you," Snape said slowly. "I gave Albus my entire adult life –even now, I am not free of him. Why should I attend such frivolous events when his passing affected me the most? Albus Dumbledore is the reason I cannot set foot in public." "I know," Harry whispered. "This isn't even about you." He shrugged. "You're just the only person I'm capable of having a good rut with." After a long silence, he continued. "Ginny and I broke up. I don't know if you get the Prophet." Snape checked the window again. "I do not. It was how they found me last time." Another blush rose on Harry's cheeks. Some asshole had set fire to Snape's previous house and the Aurors had decided not to bother investigating, despite Harry's arguments. "Yeah. I don't much like having company at home, you know? Of course you know. The only person who knows where to find you is me." He finished off his whisky and smiled when his glass refilled. "Hermione…. Some shit about Ginny seeing a healer today. None of them are talking to me and I was annoyed that you didn't come." They shared a long glance before Harry cleared his throat and looked at his surroundings. "Really is a nice place. What are you doing now?" The look on Snape's face was cold, calculating. "Curious. A healer you say?" he clicked his tongue before refocusing. "I don't currently have an income. Before the last…." He didn't need to say for Harry to understand he was referring to his house being attacked. "I had a mail-order business as you well know. I've managed off savings alone. Perhaps I will find something to do once the money runs out." "I guess," Harry said softly. "We both know it's safer for you not to." He finished off his glass and wobbled slightly as he stood. More likely than not, he'd overstayed his welcome. "You cannot expect me to believe that this interaction was all you came for," Snape said as he stood. Harry shrugged. There wasn't much point in bringing up things better left far in the past. "I see no reason not to just start over," he said quietly. "I'm Harry Potter," he said as he extended his hand. Snape stared at the hand. "No. Not here. If that is what you wish…." He glanced at the window. "10 tonight –there's a bar a few streets over. Cowboys." Excitement surged through Harry as he nodded. They would start over, put the years of mutual loathing behind them. Maybe he would even meet the Prince. "I'll be there." -:-:-:- Harry ordered a drink and couldn't help but smile as he sat at the bar. It felt…dirty, playful. Since when was Snape capable of playful? Somebody leaned against the bar next to him and ordered. Harry turned to check the door and heard the man at the bar clear his throat. "Can I buy you a drink?" A small blush rose in Harry's cheeks as he turned to face the man. "I guess." He held Snape's stare and then extended his hand. "I'm Harry." "Severus," Snape replied with a nod. He didn't shake Harry's hand. "How about a game of pool?" Harry didn't say anything as he followed. He hadn't known what to wear –bars weren't his scene –but he'd noticed Snape noticing his form-fitting jeans. They rested their drinks on a table and selected their cues. He wasn't naïve enough to believe there wasn't…subtext. And there weren't any women in the bar, just men talking and rubbing against each other. The whole scenario was a come-on. It was reminiscent of the fantasies of his 6th year. He and the Prince would casually meet and Harry would be seduced by brilliance and snark. He watched Snape set the balls and adjusted the cue in his grip. He couldn't ever remember having played pool and Snape would probably win. "You can break," Snape said as he rounded the table. "Sure," Harry muttered. He bent over a little and slid the cue between his fingers. A hand pressed against the small of his back. "Like this," Snape said as he moved Harry's grip and pressed just slightly against him. When he moved, Harry missed the warmth. "You're stripes." Snape was methodical as he moved and sunk his first ball. The next he missed. Harry eyed the table carefully. "Do you come here often?" "I like the crowd." He rested up against the table next to Harry. "Is the crowd to your liking, Harry?" The ball Harry hit bounced off the side away from the hole he'd aimed at. "I'm new in town," he shrugged, "just looking for…something. Tall, mysterious…sensitive." "Sensitive?" Snape asked as he sunk another ball. "Not sensual? Perhaps you might find more luck with a woman." "Don't be an ass," Harry joked as he missed again. "And you? What are you looking for?" Snape rubbed his forearm. The tattoo covered over where the Dark Mark had been and Harry rather liked the look of it. Snape feathered his fingers over Harry's hip and breathed against his ear. "Adventure." Harry turned his face toward those lips and moaned slightly. His Half-Blood Prince was pressed against him, seducing him. Their lips met. What they were doing was dangerous, as he well knew. Homosexuality was still a crime in the Wizarding World, after all. "Fuck me," he whispered as their lips parted for just a second. They walked at a normal pace back to Snape's place and kept a respectable distance between them. When they entered, Harry looked around, just as before. "Nice place." Snape gently kissed the skin under Harry's ear. "Would you like to see the rest of it?" Harry nodded and then followed, slightly dazed. Their lips met again and Harry felt his magic swell. His core had been relatively inactive since the war's end –Hermione suspected his ability to use it was correlated to adrenaline and cortisol output. As their kiss ended, Snape nudged their noses and palmed Harry's abs. "I have some scars," he whispered. "I'm a cozzer," Harry replied softly, "a detective. I have more scars and bruises than I know what to do with." He pulled at Snape's shirt until it was off and licked his lips as he stared. There were indeed massive, painful-looking scars. "Can I touch you?" Instead of answering, Snape rubbed Harry's