Firstly, bros. It has come to my attention, a few days before this chapter was submitted, that there is a story called 'The Burden', written by writer Nimwen. This story, I was troubled to find, echoed ideals very similar to my own. Please let it be known, whether you choose to believe or not, that I had no notion of this story before I began writing my own, and any uncanny coincidences are purely coincidental. I write of Tolkien's lands and characters not for a chance to gain glory or steal the words of others, but for my own love and for the hope that I can bring others a little joy. This leads into another point I would like to discuss. Every day I try to learn a little more about the fine details of Middle-earth and its inhabitants, but as of yet I am no scholar. THERE WILL BE MISTAKES. Some will be intentional, for the sake of storytelling. Some will be unintentional, so, of course, I always appreciate the advice and critique of others. What I will not appreciate is what are known as 'flames', sharpy degratory reviews usually lacking in intelligent thought. If I ever offend you in my lack/misuse of Tolkienesque knowledge, it's no need to become upset. Simply let me know of the grievance, and I shall do what I can. The Ringbearer Chapter I: Fallen Embers It began with a quicksilver glow etched into stone. It shimmered like stars over water, as the door slid into existence and gave them entrance to Moria, from where naught had been heard for countless years. The musty air bursting from its cracks, smelled of cobwebs and dust. Gandalf the Grey lowered his strong, old, arms and his sleeves slid down and covered them. He shook his head, laughing softly to himself as he stroked his snowy beard. "I knew my age was advancing; yes, to that much I will grudgingly admit; but I thought senility lay many years ahead. Gandalf, you old fool! Digging for deep secrets where the seeds of knowledge lay revealed on the topsoil." Peregrin Took, a halfling, a hobbit, (creatures with tough, hairy, feet and bellies which never fill) stretched and yawned and stared at the glimmering door lamely. He touched the knee of the dozing companion next to him; his mischievous and inseparable cousin, Meriadoc Brandybuck. "Wake up Merry. It turns out, all Gandalf needed to do is follow the directions. The door said, 'speak friend and enter.' So Mr. Frodo, after hours of Gandalf's crazed mutterings which you luckily slept through, suggested he say the elvish word for friend, seeing as the message was in elvish. I forgot what the word was, exactly. It worked! The door is open now." Merry groaned and scratched his matted wheat curls, licking his dry lips. He thought sleepily of back home in the shire, where he would be feasting on steaming, butter-yellow, clovercakes and mugs of spiced cider, and would after lay down for a nice nap in his bed. Gimli, a hearty and sturdy dwarf from the line of Gloin, huffed and shook his heavy head. "What were the elves thinking, thinking up riddles even they themselves couldn't solve!" Legolas Greenleaf twitched alert like a mountain cat and eyed the dwarf carefully. "Those were easier times...," he said. "In these times we do not expect simplicity in our security, and so do not think to look for it. The elves and the dwarves were friends once..." Gimli slumped beneath his armor, scratched his beard thoughtfully. "Aye, they were." Frodo Baggins. Here was an unlucky and brave creature. On his neck hung the doom of the world, and he had already suffered much for it. He stroked the smooth, gold, ring between his fingers, as he did all the time now, without his own notice; and he observed his friends as they talked softly and stirred beneath the shadows of two enormous holly trees. Still against the tree's gnarled feet lay a sheet of dark water, stagnant and buzzing with flies at its trecherous shores. Frodo closed his eyes and wished, as he wished as often as a prayer, that the ring had never come to him. At the edge of the gathering lingered Samwise Gamgee, Frodo's stoutest companion. He held the bridle of a jittery pony in one hand, and stroked its warm neck in the other. Sam's eyes were heavy and saturnine. A sadness had settled on him since their journey began. A sadness for himself, and for the world, and mostly for his master, who out of the whole world had been given a burden to much for a god to bear. "Poor old Bill," he cooed to the pony. He fancied he could hear the howls of wolves in the far away dusk. "You cannot go into the mines, and you are probably lucky for it. Get out of here now, and mind you watch out for those 'oribble beasts. ALL of the 'oribble beasts, not just them wolves." He smacked the pony's rumpIt made a sound of disgruntled disbelief, and ambled away. "Let's go on as soon as we can." Frodo announced, and he tried to sound encouraging, but his voice fell flat. No one grudged him that. Aragorn, son of Arathorn of a enigmatic line of ancient kings, put his hand on Frodo's shoulder and squeezed. "Good work, Frodo. Unravelling the mysteries of elves and wizards and dwarves." He said, and caught Gandalf's twinkling eyes. Boromir of Gondor nodded with vague kindness; but his cool, pale, eyes seemed to search Frodo to his marrow. Gandalf stepped to the entrance, pushed back his tattered hat and peered inside. His sigh was thin, as if from lungs made of old parchment. "There is only blackness inside. I must risk a bit of magic." His plain wooden staff leapt with silver fireat its thick head. For a second all was illuminated as if Elbereth, painter of the stars, tread before them; soon it cooled to a lambent light, ghost light. Dark, tumbled, shapes appeared inside the cavern, and hanging things. Aragorn slipped in after the wizard, slick as oil, and Gimli, Boromir, and Legolas. "Wait!" Cried Merry, and he tugged on Pippin's sleeve and pointed to the odious lake. "What's that?" The lake trembled with ripples, as if from raindrops none of them could see. In the center of the ripples began to froth green-white bubbles, and a rumble like the earth clearing its ancient throat grew under their feet. A tendril grey and hung with slime rose from the lake like a serpent. Merry yelled and threw Pippin towards the door. "I told ya you should'na been throwin' rocks into it!" The tendril shot up the bank like an arrow, and as Frodo passed his head through the crack of the door it caught his ankle and yanked him to the bank. He screamed and clawed the mud and felt rotted leaves and twigs and other things pass away under his dragging fingers. "Mr. Frodo!" Sam yelled, and took a running dive to his master. He floundered in the mud but caught Frodo's hand. Frodo's face was smeared with the dark mud like a mask, and Sam could only see the terrified tempest of his watery eyes. "Sam! Don't let go of me!" "Frodo!" Aragorn sprang back outside with sword drawn. He held it like a lance as he charged, and pinned the tendril to the ground right below Frodo's struggling toes. A horrific hiss like water in a volcano thrashed the lake, and a creature boiled to the surface, from which whipped many tendrils, and its round black eyes at the center were furious. Boromir and Legolas sprang to Aragorn's side. Their swords and daggers they waved clumsily, for the tendrils were faster than arrows and more sure. Legolas dodged the slimy ropes and scrabbled for an opening to the beasts eyes. Boromir lopped off a tendril at the half and nearly tripped over it. He spotted Sam dragging his Master to safety, but above them hovered another tendril, which came down upon them like a falcon. The shuddering rope had Frodo around his neck, and Sam's fingers slipped over it and could not find purchase. "Aragorn!" Boromir shouted, and lurched towards the two. Aragorn wiped black ichor from his face and followed with a strangled war cry. Boromir fought to his side, and they chopped and swung with sweat and blood blinding them. The hobbits were barred from their help, and they could not break through. Legolas ducked under a snaking tendril and landed an arrow deep into the beast's eye! It sizzled and the thing screamed and reared up, and Frodo came with it, whipping upwards with a wet crack. Sam flew a few yards away and Gimli held him safe, crossing his heavy axe over the hobbit's chest. The whites in his eyes showed under his tangled brown brows. It seemed then that the hope of the Fellowhip, of Middle-Earth, trembled at the edge of a black abyss. Caught in the mouths of halfling, man, dwarf and elf was the name of Frodo, a cry of many streams that met in a river of depthless despair. The holly trees shivered their leaves. The heavens thundered in shock. Legolas drew a second arrow, panicking now, and shot again. He split the monster's skull, and a bolt chased the first and destroyed its other eye. The creature's scream died into a gurgle like caverns under the earth. Its flailing slowed, its body began a crashing descent back into the thick lake. The warriors struggled out from the water, hacking as they went. They could not see Frodo in the mess. The creature's head was gone, disappeared into the depths. Something heavy fell onto the wet sand. Sam beat the ground with his fist, and wept. Gimli lowered his eyes slowly and let go of his axe. Sam crumpled forward. "No Mr. Frodo, no, it can't be! No no no no!" The creature's grasp had not been kind. Frodo was a twisted and bruised thing. His neck had been broken, so that his face stared impossibly at something over his shoulder. Aragorn, with shaking hands, straigtened his body and his clothes on the shore, and closed his staring eyes. Inside Frodo's parted lips there was a poisonous blackness. A darkness fell over them. Legolas looked towards the sky. It seethed with crows, ravens- crebain, spies and messengers of the dark wizard Saruman! They covered the murky sun. All at once they began a horrible chorus of caws, shrieks and scratchy laughs. Legolas slowly pulled an arrow from his quiver, knocked it and released it into the sky. It vanished amongst the legions. He pulled another arrow, wailed in anguish, and released it towards the winged wicked beasts. They opened to let they arrow through, and closed again like a curtain. Merry and Pippin crept forward, kneeling at Frodo's side without breathing. Without daring to. They touched Aragorn's sleeve. "Not really Aragorn. He couldn't possibly be? No it's just not possible! Mr. Frodo, wake up! You just spoke to us moments ago, now speak again!" "Little ones...Dear little ones. Go to dear Sam. Go now." Aragorn said. Sam could not remember weeping more. He had sealed his eyes shut with grimy tears and was afraid to open them, for a world without his master surpassed every nightmare he had yet had in his short hobbit life, and he could not bear to face it. Merry and Pippin held him and cried against his shaking back. Aragorn, as he smoothed the hobbit body into a restful place, heard a faint silvery jingle, akin to small coins. He pressed open Frodo's tattered waistcoat between the buttons, and saw a glimmer of mithril. He smiled slowly. "Dear Frodo. You carried more than the shire's worth on your body and did not even know." In turn his fingers touched upon the hard knot