Title: Blessed Author: Jo Slater Summary: The Warden's little family is about to get a big shock. Rating : PG Genre : General Time : Some Measure of Peace; How to be Bilingual; The Promise; Nighttime Monsters; Blessed. It has been just over two years since the very end of Just for Tomorrow. Twins are three. From Slater : I've been debating over this particular ficlet for some time only because it changes just about everything,and I'm happy to finally put it on the screen. I can't wait to see what you all have to say about it. My many thanks, as always! All my love - Jo Blessed Ashk I could be wrong. No need to rush into any headfirst decisions. Maybe I was wrong. Then I would just cause chaos for nothing. I'd better be certain before I open my mouth about anything. I drummed my fingers against my stomach as I stared up at the ceiling with wide eyes. What if I was wrong? I didn't want to be wrong. I glanced at Haldir sleeping soundly beside me. His hair was askew and I smiled slightly, carefully brushing a length of it away from his handsome face. He shifted slightly but did not wake. I could be wrong. I could be right. I had better be right! Maybe I should wake Haldir. Tell him what I thought. Maybe he would somehow know. No, he wouldn't know. That was ridiculous. He had no idea and I didn't need to be telling him before I was certain. I frowned, looking back to the stars in the ceiling with a frustrated sigh. I needed to be certain before I said anything. I needed to be dead certain. Galadriel would know. I could go to her. I grimaced at the thought, memories flooding towards me as I twisted my wedding ring on my finger idly. Things were different this time, I assured myself - if I happened to be right. I was married, I had two children already. The hard part would be saying it - seeing his reaction. What if he was upset by it? Why would he be, I admonished myself. He would be thrilled. I knew my husband well enough to know that. Yet…A lot of other Elves said they knew him very well. They also insisted he had never been family friendly. Even his own brothers said that. This was ridiculous, I mused, turning over and forcing my eyes to close and my mind to think of something else. Ana had been acting strange lately. Just the other day she had announced that she was hearing a babe crying in the middle of the night. She later insisted that she wanted to be the only daughter in the family. Did Ana know something? She did have her many...talents. I sighed, opening my eyes again. I wasn't going to sleep tonight. Haldir wouldn't be upset. That was ignorant just to think. I knew better. Haldir, we're going to have another baby. I mouthed the words and assured myself it would not be difficult to say. It wasn't difficult to mutter in the dark. I rubbed a hand against my face in frustration. I would go to the Lady of Light in the morning. She would know. Then I would know. ...Then he would know. If I was right. Morning Ashk I straightened my skirts as I came to the top of the stairs. The two guards at each end of the flet glanced at me and immediately smiled. "Good morn, my Lady," said one, tipping his head. "Good morn," I replied, smiling at him as I passed the archway into the great home of Galadriel and Celeborn. I briefly heard the two guards mutter something to each other, but I did not bother to look back. My heart was slamming in my chest and my palms were sweating. Not much different than last time, I mused before bitterly shoving the thoughts away. I climbed the next round of stairs silently, running a hand behind my neck as my hair seemed to be sticking to it. I should have put my hair up, I thought with a frown. "Ashk!" I jumped slightly at the voice as I came around the bend in the stairs. Lord Celeborn had spotted me as he was coming down the stairs. His smile was wide and beaming at me. "How are you?" he asked as he neared, taking my hands and kissing my cheek. "Well enough. Yourself?" "Wonderful," he replied, his eyes twinkling at me in a way that had me feeling a bit light headed. He looked...mischievous. And the great Lord Celeborn was never mischievous. "Though I would love nothing more than to visit, I must be going. A good day to you, Ashk," he said abruptly, kissing my cheek once more and walking past me without waiting for a reply. I rubbed my cheek and glanced after him with a frown before I continued on up the stairs. I halted when I came to the great greeting room of the home. I was shocked to see handmaidens and other servants buzzing around in a frenzy. Among fabrics and flowers, I spotted golden heads bobbing around and yet saw Lady Galadriel no where in sight. Carefully, I entered the room and dodged between the busy people inside. "Um - Excuse me," I tried to grab an Elf, but he was obviously engaged in a conversation with a very worried looking handmaiden. I frowned, my hands moving to my hips as I peered at the currents of Elves flooding around me. "Ashk, my dear!" Everyone halted and all eyes landed on me as the Lady of Light suddenly pointed me out. I looked up to see her standing on a balcony above the room. "Come, come!" she motioned me to her and I cleared my throat, moving towards the stairs on the other side of the room as everyone went back to their business. By the time I reached the next level, Galadriel was walking towards me in that quiet grace she had. Her smile was still beaming as her arms opened, embracing me briefly. "You certainly have everyone in a frenzy," I mentioned as she guided me along the hall. "What is the occasion?" I asked, slightly wary. "Oh, my grandchildren are visiting by the end of the week. You remember Elrond's children, yes?" My dreary wariness lifted at this. "Yes, of course I do. It has been a long time since I have seen any of them," I replied, recalling the kind trio of Elrond's heirs. I was not ashamed to admit I was constantly fascinated by them. Dark haired Elves - a wonder to me with my own children. "Yes, they are visiting for some months," she told me with a gleeful smile. That must have been what Celeborn had been so pleased about earlier, I mused in relief. He surely knew nothing of my visit here. "And what brings you in my company without those lovely children of yours?" the Lady of Light asked me as we entered one of the smaller dining rooms. Pale curtains lined the open windows and light all but pulsed off of the walls and furniture. "Oh..." I hesitated as we strolled towards a balcony over looking one of her many gardens. "Well- " I paused again, finding my voice unwilling to cooperate. How exactly did I word this? "I suppose I have a question," I finally said as we reached the balcony. "Oh? About the babe, then?" I gawked at her immediately, and yet her face held no change from it's beautiful joy. She waited patiently for a moment and I tilted my head. "…Yes?" I squeaked, making her laugh; her voice tinkering through the trees and gardens around us. Sometime later as we were sitting at a small table with tea between us, I let my mind wander for a moment. Another baby. Oh dear. That was just mad! I had my hands full with the twins as it was. But, oh, I was thrilled! Galadriel suddenly laughed softly. "It is good to see you so happy," she mused. "I have seen worse reactions in the past." I grimaced. "Last time was an exception," I muttered. "Oh, not from you dear, I have seen much worse from Elleths in my day. My own daughter for one. She was utterly shocked when she had taken to her own twins. In fact, she fainted right at my feet." My eyes widened. "Not that she wasn't thrilled as well, but Celeborn as oft reminded me that I have no tact in such situations. I tend to - hm - blurt, so he says." I glanced at her with a smile. "I think I tend to agree with him," I told her. She gave a dismissive wave of her hand before she suddenly leaned forward, her years seeming to have streamed away with the joy that flooded her eyes. She looked as though she was as young as I, her eyes gleaming with that smile on her lips. "And how will you tell that husband of yours?" she demanded. I made a face. "I may just…leave clues. Let him find out on his own," I joked, laughing with her. Evening Ashk "Ama?" "Yes, dear?" Ana watched me go from one side of the kitchener to the next in a flurry. She said something, not that I heard her as I accidentally dropped a pan to the floor with a loud clamor. With a curse, I bent to retrieve it and looked up to see Ana peering at me. "What did you say, Ana?" Her eyes were wide and she glanced to my right. I followed the look only to see Moss picking his way carefully towards the food. "Cat! Get!" I threw the towel on my shoulder at him and he immediately dove off the counter. I looked back to Ana to see that her mouth had formed an O while her eyes were wide. "What is it dear?" She suddenly gave me the most devious look a three year old could muster. "I heard the baby last night," she informed me. I gave a laugh, so fake that even she could know better. "…Do you…know a baby is coming?" I asked slowly, wringing my hands together as I stared at my daughter. "Umm…" She paused an unbearable moment before looking to my stomach. "I told you a baby was coming!" she cried, her face breaking into a smile. "I knew it!" "Ana!" I lunged at my daughter, my hand covering her mouth even as she continued to declare her victory into my palm. "Shh! Shush!" She quieted and looked at me with her glimmering blue eyes, still smiling. "It's a secret," I whispered to her. "Really?" she asked, her voice muffled into my palm. "Yes. A big secret," I told her, drawing my hand away from her face and looking her in the eye. "You cannot tell Ada or your brother yet, all right?" "Why not?" she asked, frowning. I thought on it a moment. How did I explain to her why I had to deliberate and plan out everything that would have to occur tonight before I broke the news to her father? Good lord, it wasn't as though I was giving him bad news! I was acting ridiculous. Yet, still, I couldn't banish the way my stomach was churning and the way my hands shook in nervousness. We had never even talked about having another child. This was going to shock him right off his feet. Oh, lord! What if Haldir fainted! I wouldn't know what to do first! "Because Ama has to tell them. It is...tradition," I told her with a smile. She stared at me a moment as if deciding whether or not she was going to believe such a thing. Then, she smiled again. "I am glad the baby is not