Title: Pirate Author: Jo Slater Summary: A Pirate has invaded the Warden's home! Genre: Humor Rating: PG Time: About two weeks after Heavy Hearted . Twins are four. Note : I had started writing this one forever ago, and I found it again. I had to finish it and post it, cause I just think it's cute. If you all remember, during Heavy Hearted Little Ana found herself a friend – the puppy. Here's what happened because of that…heheh. This is the last installment to the first chapters of Haldirion. The first chapter of the newer works will begin on – or before – June 1st . I also want to thank all my lovely, lovely readers for welcoming me back so kindly! I'm so glad I'm able to start writing again. Thank you all SOOO much! Pirate Rumil "This will never work!" "It will work! Stop doubting - then it will never work!" "Rumil!" I glanced over my shoulder at my brother. Orophin's face was pale with a shine of sweat gleaming off of it. I almost laughed, but wisely withheld my chuckles. "She is not going to go along with this," he grumbled as I peered around the corner, carefully looking both way and finding the early morning coast clear. "It's Ashk. Of course she will!" I whispered back, ducking back behind the corner. As carefully as possible, we exchanged the small duffle bag between us. When it squirmed, I clutched it close and peered around. I was more paranoid than a deer in Mordor. Cautiously, I hooked a finger on the rope and tugged it loose. Pirate's head immediately popped out with a slobbery kiss to my chin. "That is disgusting. You know what he does at night? Licks himself, that's what. And now his– " "Orophin, please!" I hissed, tucking the pup's head under my chin. Orophin gave me a look before he glanced beyond me. His eyes immediately widened and, before I knew it, I was shoved behind the statue we stood under. "Good morn, Ladies," Orophin greeted, his voice layered in a thick suave as he leaned casually on the statue. I, on the other hand, spit a mouthful of moss back to the ground I'd landed on. "Good morn, Warden Orophin," chorused the two Ellith passing by. My brother grinned at them and the two immediately giggled amongst themselves as they strolled on. Just as I was carefully getting to a stand, the pup still safely next to me, I was suddenly yanked out from behind the statue by my foot. "Orophin!" I hissed, kicking his hand away. "You are going to get us killed!" Orophin hissed, his hands fisting in my tunic and shaking me. "Calm down!" With a free hand I punched him in the stomach. "Pull yourself together, damn you!" With a shudder, Orophin's face gained back a hint of his color. I glared at him, waiting. He had a valid reason for being terrified. A very good reason. In fact, I had been more confident and less petrified when entering a cave full of Orcs - alone - than being on the mission we were currently on. Pirate whined and bit at my shoulder. "Don't worry," I told Orophin while also trying to calm myself. "Haldir will not even know it was us. We'll just deposit the dog and leave. He won't even know!" "He will, and you know it!" Orophin hissed, pointing at me. "He knows that sort of thing. What if the children say something?" "They better not," I grumbled, peering around again. "We bribed them enough for the next century." The only way we'd discovered to keep the children quiet for the past two weeks about their new friend was to stuff their faces with candies. Lots of candies... "All right...Let us review." Orophin nodded, brushing the sweat from his forehead. "We take Pirate," I provided the dog for exhibit, "to the door. Put him down." "Should we knock?" "No! Haldir will know! Somehow, he'll...recognize the knock..." Orophin nodded again. "After putting him at the door we..." "Run. Run and don't look back?" "Sounds good to me." With that, we both peered around the corner again. With no one coming from either direction, I shoved Pirate's furry head back into the bag and sprinted across the way with my brother in tow. In the early morning, just before dawn, we took the stairs two at a time. Orophin scouted forward, ensuring Haldir O'Lorien was no where in sight. At his signal, I dashed up the remainder of the stairs to the March Warden's door. With Orophin on the lookout, I carefully removed Pirate from his hiding place and put him in front of the door. He sat, looking at me for a moment. "...Look cute," I ordered. His tongue immediately flopped out as he panted. With a stirring inside the flet, I muffled a curse and snatched Orophin. Looking down the stairs, I knew we didn't have time. Therefore, I shoved my brother off the landing and dove after him. "Rumil!" We tumbled down the limbs of the nearest tree before landing at the bottom. Orophin immediately kicked me off of him. "You idiot!" "Shh!" I lunged, covering his mouth. Looking up, I watched as the door opened. Little Ana rubbed her sleepy eyes with a fist before Pirate yipped at her. Immediately, the little Elleth's face bloomed with joy as she wrung her arms around the dog. Watching as she safely drew him inside, Orophin and I looked at each other. Orophin then grimaced. "I think you broke my arm." He inspected his arm thoroughly. I shifted, feeling all my joints and bones. Shrugging, I looked at him. "You broke my fall." He glared. Ashk "Ama." I sighed, not opening my eyes. "Ama." "Is it dawn yet?" There was a pause. "No." "Are you bleeding?" "No." "Is Onduras or Nethin bleeding?" "...No." "Then what's Ama's rule?" "Do not wake Ama until after dawn," Little Ana recited. I nodded into the pillow. My hand went out blindly, patting my daughter's head before I rolled over. "But Ama..." "Ada is awake, sweet," I mumbled. Ana gave a giant sigh before I barely heard her shuffle off. I frowned. Ana was normally not so noisy. Ignoring the strange thought, I cuddled with my pillow and relished in the coolness of the morning. I could hear Haldir banging around in the wash room before I let myself drift back toward sleep. "Ada?" I smiled slowly, hearing Ana tap on the door. "Yes, Ana?" "Look what I found." I frowned immediately at her words and opened my eyes. I could barely see her shadow, oddly distorted, from the wash room hall in my bedroom. A beat passed and I knew Haldir felt the same dread I did before the door opened. Yip! "What– " There was a staggering sound and the crashing of the water basin soon followed, flinging me up in bed. "Ana!" Ana was cackling with laughter even as I heard Haldir staggering nearby. "Where did you get that!" he demanded and dread swirled around me. Perhaps it was a snake. A big one. I shuddered. Maybe a large spider. Or a frog. Lizard perhaps... I frowned then. None of those animals yipped. "He likes you, Ada!" I cringed and quickly bounded out of bed, dashing to the hall. There was Ana, standing in her father's shadow. His hair was slightly damp while a look of pure loss covered his face as he stared down at her. "Oh my," I muttered, looking at the fluffy creature sitting dutifully beside Ana, his furry tail thumping on the ground. The pup turned his head at my voice. With one dark ear and a patch over one eye, he was the most adorable creature I'd ever seen. Thick, fluffy white fur surrounded him while he caught a lip between his teeth as he peered at me. "Where did it come from?" Haldir demanded, inspecting the dog before picking it up by the scruff of his collar. "Oh, Haldir! You're hurting him!" I cried as the puppy's feet and tail curled to his belly. "I am not," Haldir scowled, staring the dog in the eye. "Ada!" Ana whined as I charged down the way, "You have to hold him like Nethin!" "I most certainly will no– " I snatched the pup from him, cradling the animal in my arms just the same as I did with my infant son. "See?" Ana said, pointing at me. Haldir's scowl was still deep and he knelt down before our daughter. "Ana, you must tell me where you found him." Ana peered at him a long moment before she smiled. "He was at the door," she informed him. He raised a brow. "The door?" She nodded with enthusiasm. "Ana..." "He was! He was sitting and waiting to come inside!" Ana told him, beaming a grin at her father. "He's not very old," I said then, peering at the little dog. I presented him to Haldir. "Look at him!" "Ashk, don't start," Haldir warned, scooping Ana into his arms. Her little hands reached for the puppy even as Haldir kept her at arm's distance. "Well, goodness Haldir, it is not like he is savage," I said, bobbing the quiet pup in my arms. "He is an animal, Ashk. Gods know where he came from." I gave him a look before turning and walking back to the bed. "Not on the bed– " I plopped down with the puppy on the bed, letting him roam as he wished. "His name is Pirate!" Ana informed us as Haldir tumbled her onto the bed as well. "See? He has a patch." She pointed to his dark eye. The puppy immediately wagged his tail and licked her thoroughly across the face. I laughed but Haldir made a disgusted sound. The door opened and Onduras suddenly came racing through. He barely managed a good morning before he leapt onto the bed, pouncing on the puppy with blunt cheer. I raised a brow. For having only seen dogs in human villages, and being warned profusely of their temperamental nature, the children certainly seemed quite fond of the puppy. Of course, he was the cutest thing on four legs. I glanced at Haldir only to find him glaring at the sight with his arms crossed in that commanding way he had. I cleared my throat. "So...What should we do with him?" I murmured. His eyes pierced mine. "I will take him to Celebruim this morning," he said, whirling away to get dressed. "But, Ada!" the twins cried in unison. I looked down, smothering a smile into my hand as Haldir dared not to look back at the two. "He wants to live here!" Ana told him. "Let him live here, Ada!" "Yes, Ada , why not have him stay here?" I added, tilting my head as I peered at my husband's ridged back. "Absolutely not!" "Haldir– " "Ada – " "No!" The twins looked at me, the puppy lying on his back between them, a gleeful puppy grin on his open mouth. Nethin suddenly cried from his nursery. With a humph, I stood, sweeping the puppy into my arms, and left the room with the twins in tow. I could almost feel Haldir's glare into my back. Haldir The sizzle of breakfast cooking almost drown the sound of the children in the common room, but it didn't. Though I tried to concentrate on the papers before me, I was failing miserably. My eyes continued to move into the common, seeing two of my children having a rioting good time with a furry, slobbery beast. "Haldir, stop glaring," Ashk admonished. I glanced at her as she tooled around the kitchener with Nethin gleefully tucked on her hip. "It may have a disease," I told her. "Oh, it does not!" Ashk laughed. I gave her a look. "It may. It's a wild animal." Ashk stared at