Title: Accident Author: JoSlater Date: June 5th, 2006 Summary: Onduras gets a little too curious over his father's things – someone gets hurt. When he keeps it a secret, everything goes terribly wrong. Time: July – about three months after "Returning Home". Twins are ten, Nethin is about to turn six. FYI – Okay, so it's fairly late Monday night, but I got this chapter up! It turned out MUCH longer, and much more serious than I had originally anticipated, but I hope you like it. Enjoy! Accident Haldir "C'mon honey, it's all right," Ashk said gently, trying her hardest to coax Nethin into the water. I looked to the Elfling. His arms were crossed and he shook his head stubbornly. Ashk sighed, giving me a look. "Ambush!" I barely had time to flinch before a flying body crashed into the water near me, sloshing water into my face. A moment later, my eldest son surfaced; a beaming grin on his face. I moved as if to grab him and he squealed with laughter, darting under the water's rippling surface and swimming away. "Look, Nethin, Pirate's in the water," Ana said, lending a hand to her mother's quest to teach our youngest child how to swim. Elves were naturally good swimmers, for the most part, but that didn't mean my stubborn child was going to sling himself into the quiet river like the rest of his family. "Pirate's a dog , Ana," Nethin said, staying exactly where he was, standing on the river bank. The trousers he wore were dry and it was obvious he had no intention of getting them wet. I sloshed my way over to my wife and daughter while Pirate happily swam circles around them. "Well, Ada's in the water too," Ashk said. I looked to Nethin as he peered almost curiously at me. He looked warily at the water's surface. "Come in, Nethin," I said, reaching forward. The Elfling looked painfully reluctant as he slowly, slowly inched towards me. I reached to take his arm before he suddenly bolted out of reach. "Ada!" he whined, "I don't want to!" "Well, why not? It's like a very big bath." "It is not!" Ah, Vala, did I not have this conversation only some centuries ago with my youngest brother, and not my youngest son? Of late, Nethin's likenesses to Rumil were becoming a bit alarming. Rumil, obviously, loved the prospect of having such an apprentice to his life. Ana sighed dramatically. "Nethin! Stop being such a baby!" "I'm not being a baby!" Nethin cried. "Don't start – Either of you," I warned, knowing sibling rivalry had been scaling high all week with an I can do this better attitude. Ana turned to her mother for support before Onduras appeared from the depths of the water beside her, spewing water from his mouth and onto his sister. "Onduras!" Ashk scolded, but the two were oblivious to her as they sped off into the deeper water with Pirate struggling to keep up. She sighed, putting her hands on her hips and looking back to me. I couldn't help but notice just how my wife's clothing clung to her. Although I was quite used to she and I having our own time swimming – without the hamper of clothing – the damp cloth was alluring to say the least. "Haldir." The sharpness in her voice made me laugh, knowing she'd caught onto just what I had found myself thinking about. "I'll just sit here," Nethin said calmly, sitting on the riverbank. I looked at him, raising a brow. "But you will be bored," Ashk said, sloshing forward. I grabbed her arm, stopping her. "Well," I said calmly, "If he wants to stay there, let him stay…While we have all the fun." I glanced at Nethin, seeing him a bit more intrigued. Ashk did the same before her face lit up. She turned to me."Oh, right…I suppose." My arm wrapped around Ashk's waist and I knelt down, making it appear to my five-year-old son that we were descending into the water. I pulled Ashk unnecessarily close as the water sloshed between us. She gave me a look, silently warning me she would take her revenge much later. She turned her head to see Nethin. "Bye-bye, honey! We'll come back shortly." I pulled us deeper into the water, nearly dunking us both under before Nethin sprang to a stand, "Wait – wait, Ama!" My wife and I smiled at each other. By the time we drew Nethin into the water, the Elfling reminded me of nothing more than Moss if we had done the same to him. He was clinging rigidly to me, and with no tunic to grab, he clung high on my shoulders. Ashk laughed as I tried to pry him away from me. It was, of course, useless. "Nethin, sweet, the point of swimming is to be in the water," Ashk said. "Do I have to?" Nethin asked, giving his mother a look. I didn't give Ashk the chance to answer as I reached up, closing a hand over Nethin's mouth and nose, plummeting us both under the surface. A moment later, we resurfaced and Nethin sputtered. I looked at him curiously before he suddenly grinned, releasing his death-grip on me. "Do that again, Ada!" Ashk and I couldn't help but to laugh before I spotted Onduras running along the riverbank. I tensed, hoping he would not leap into the water near us. Not only was it shallow, but the splash would likely shock the life out of his much more timid brother. "Onduras, where are you going?" Ashk called. "Forgot my sword at home, Ama! I'llbeback!" Ashk and I exchanged a look as Ana and Pirate swam towards us. Ashk turned, about to swim away, "If he joins the guard when he's older, I'm blaming you." Nethin shifted in my arms. "Can I join the guard too, Ada?" "…Son, perhaps you should master swimming first." Onduras I cringed as the door smacked loudly against the wall. Carefully checking to make sure it hadn't left a dent, I closed the door to home quietly before racing toward my room. Diving for the bed, I peered underneath into the depths beneath it. Scanning briefly, I frowned when I couldn't find my faithful sword. I sat up, critically thinking just where I had put it last. If Nethin had taken it again, my brother would regret it… Or perhaps I left it in Ama and Ada's room just before we left for the river. Completely ignoring the fact that my trousers – designated for swimming only – had left a massive damp spot on my bedsheets, I left my room and started down the hall. I paused at the large, curved door leading into my parents room. Since I was young, I had been warned against entering the bedroom of my parents without first knocking if the door was closed, and also only when they were home with me. My face screwed up in thought and I glanced down the hall as if to see if someone was there. Moss, the family cat, sat passively at my sister's door. He looked at me before yawning. Taking a deep breath, I slowly took ahold of the pale handle of the door and turned it downward. Slowly, I pushed it open. Ama and Ada's room always had a particular smell to it. It was floral and sweet, like the keen scent of my mother, and yet airy and feral – much like my father. As I peered inside, I saw the huge four-poster bed was neatly made. Light from the balcony streamed inside, gliding over my mother's satin, green robe that was strewn on the bed. My eyes darted along the bed and I moved inside to peer under it. But, my sword was no where to be seen. I sighed, annoyed, and got up again. I nearly left the room, timid enough to be uneasy there alone, before I spotted something down the short hall to my parent's wash room. Light from the balcony glimmered inside a cracked door in the wall itself…I'd never known the door to be there. I glanced around the room, as if to assure myself no one was around. No one was, of course, and I walked down the small hall. The light continued to glimmer, sparkling at me as I peered inside the crack of the door. I paused then gently opened it. I couldn't help but be a little awestruck – in what I had thought to be a wall my entire life, I found a wardrobe…But not just any wardrobe. It was my father's battle dress wardrobe. I opened the door wide and gazed inside. The shining, silver and gold armor inside was spotlessly clean. The red March Warden's drape – which I had only seen my father wear during ceremonies and important dinners Ana, Nethin, and I were never allowed to go to – was hanging to the side. My hand reached out, touching the lavish material. It was soft and heavy. I smiled, pushing open the next door only to find an array of fantastic weapons I had only seen sheathed and at a safe distance. I remembered the few times Ada had taken me to the training ranges – and only because he had to – when I had first seen such weapons at work. High out of my reach, my father's bow hung. The carved, pale wood was so close I could read the words engraved on it had I taken the time. But, I ignored it as I spotted arrows, knives, and – finally – the ancient sword that belonged at Ada's side. I swallowed, reaching forward. The sheath was just out of my reach. I strained, trying desperately to reach it, leaning on the tips of my toes. Yet, still, I couldn't pull the sword down…I just wanted to look at it. Frustrated, I looked to find several short-knives hooked on the wardrobe wall. I plucked one carefully from its place. Pulling its sheath away, I looked at the sharp edge of the metal. It was nearly the size of my own toy sword…But what good was a toy when I had the real thing at hand? I swung out, mimicking what I had seen on the training fields. And, with such an awesome weapon at hand, I backed several dozen imaginary Orcs down the hall, barricading them in the wash room. Then, victory won, I brought the knife in front of me as I had seen my father do many times at the end of his own exercises. Holding the hilt tightly in my hands, I looked at the shining metal…Then, like Ada, I bowed my head to it. Suddenly, something in my parents' bedroom fell over. I jolted, shocked enough to carelessly flinch and drop the knife, not noticing as Moss scampered across the room. The sharp blade tilted, slicing the delicate skin on my left arm and I cried out in shock. Loudly, the knife clattered to the floor. Had Ada come home to look for me! Panicked, I grabbed the knife and ran to the wardrobe door – trying desperately not to shed my own blood on the ground. I sheathed it, hastily shoving it back into place in the wardrobe. Slamming the door shut, I almost darted out of the room before realizing I had left a trail of crimson blood on the floor. I gasped before running into my parents' wash room. Oh, Ada was going to be so mad at me! I felt panic rising in my chest as I grabbed a white towel from a hook. Childish tears prickled at my eyes and I gasped as I breathed. The pure white of the towel began to smear with the blood from my arm. Dreadful, I took it away to see the wound. It was a clean cut…but it must have