"I love you Seaweed Brain." "I love you too Wise Girl." The couple had been talking to one another, bonding in the joy of one anothers company. Sharing past adventures, reminiscencing on past trials, and thinking about the future. Percy took her hands in his, loving the way her eyes seemed to be gray storm clouds, how her blond curls escaped her loose ponytail. He loved everything about the girl in front of him and she loved him back. He was the Seaweed Brian to her Wise Girl and vise versa. And Percy got down on one knee. That's when something went horribly wrong. Just as he opened his mouth, Annabeth eyes grew wide with horror, and her body locked up with terror. In Annabeth's eyes Percy had been replaced with a cascade of spiders that crawled all over the deck and towards her with Arachne's laugh seeming to echo in the air. She whirled around to see her leering on the mast. And that is what she hallucinated as she claimed to the other members of the Argo later on. The daughter of Athena screamed bloody murder, scratching and clawing where a worried Percy watched in complete terror as his love of his life screamed and scratched at his restraining arms that were around her. Tears streamed down her face, as Percy tried to calm her down by murmuring soft spoken words in her ear. The rest of the members of the Argo awoke hearing her screams, and came running but by then it was too late. By the time the crew got there, armed and ready they only witnessed a screaming Annabeth curled up into a ball with no signs of the son of Poseidon to be seen. Except for the bloody trail that lead from the mast to the over the rail with Annabeth's dagger lying on the ground covered in sticky, red blood. Percy had no time to react as she stabbed him. Eyes wide with shock he fell back onto the ground when the boat seemed to shudder. Annabeth accused his of being Arachne before she huddle into a ball rocking back and forth. He wasn't clear as into what happened next rather he found himself being dragged from the deck in the talons of a harpy, whose claws dug into his shoulders like sharp needles. His body felt like it was made of lead, and he couldn't move at all. He looked down at the seeping hole that was in his stomach, the blood causing the shirt to stick to the fatal wound. He looked down past his injury and he looked at the ground instead fighting for conciousness. All he saw was the abyss of hell. The harpy had taken him back. His eyelids slid down to a close, and he saw nothing more. A few months later Keep running just keep running, the demi god motivated himself as he ran across the open meadow. He could hear the noises of the monsters behind him when the ground suddenly became oozing mud and roots grabbed at his legs as he fell. Crying out in shock and anger he lost his grip on Riptide as it flung out of his hand and somewhere in the mass of flowers. "NO!" He yelled out trying to claw his way away as the roots dug into his legs, pulling him back. " Come Percy don't fight, you only have to obey me and this will all be over… " Gaea whispered in his head. "Never! I will never obey!" He retaliated. " Why not, " her voice whispered in his head," you have nothing. You are all alone. " "I have my friends! I have Annabeth!" He shouted his efforts becoming less as he tried to claw away though the roots held him in place. " You mean the girl who stabbed you and screamed at you, the girl who is always tired of chasing after you… The girl who gets caught up in her work that she shuts you out… or the friends that never really paid attention to you except for when they needed your help?" Her voice poisoning the young demigod. He stilled, his hands still deep in the ground when all the fight left him. Was it really worth all of this? He had fought his way out of Tartarus yet again finally after he miraculously stole Hermes flying shoes from a demi god who'd been guarding them which was weird because the demi god had already been dead. The son of the sea god had learned a few tricks while fighting his way out, such as he could use the water in someone's body to torture them. Now he lay frozen in the oozing mud as Gaea infected his mind with thoughts of having probably the most powerful demigod on her side to help her win the war since the Romans and Greeks had teamed up and were about to go to the battlefield. "Face it Percy Jackson. You are forgotten, and alone. You have nothing except me. " Percy Jackson then finally gave up; he didn't have anything left to fight for. Nothing mattered to him anymore, he had tried so hard to escape that he realized he didn't have anything waiting for him. Annabeth had probably moved on, his friends as well, some maybe even dead. His mother had probably moved away with Paul, forgetting everything about her son. The boy then let the now gentle roots drag him down into the Earth this time to become Gaea's personal weapon. Gaea had come so close to consciousness that it was like she was already awake. A tall figure stood in front of a cracked mirror, dressed in golden armor. In the dimness, you could easily see that the figure had a lean build, but an aura of defeat. His sea eyes held no particular light just that of a broken will as if he was a puppet played by the strings. His eyes then cast downwards where in his hands; he held the pen that would become his bloodied sword. "Come now Percy it is time." Whispered an earth built model in his ear. She enjoyed that she had broken the great Perseus Jackson, now that he was hers to command like servant to their master. The model crumbled, and the boy gave one last look into the mirror, a tear slipping down his cheek. He reached up to wipe away the tear when more started to fall. Closing his eyes, he bit his lower lip trembling when he put on his helmet and left the room, uncapping his sword. The young demigod watched from where he stood out on a balcony. So far the first fleet had held up alright against the untied camps, which even had Artemis's hunters on their side. He remembered fighting on their side for the battle of Olympus. Hours flew by and slowly the camps' conjoined army fell so did the legion under Gaea's command. They had one last fleet, holding only the strongest titans and the cruelest of monsters. Gaea had been saving Percy for this. Now it was his time to go and destroy people he had once knew, with the last fleet under what little command he had. Slowly the monsters and titans parted for him as he strode to the front line. This was his fleet to command, nothing else mattered. Not even the tears streaming down his face as he remembered everything about the people he was facing. He couldn't do anything about it now; Gaea had him under her control. She had strengthened him and made him into a monster like the ones behind him. His eyes scanned the remaining fighters and saw several bodies lying on the ground. In the front line he noticed Jason, who looked ready to pass out, with a bandage to the side of his head, his hands glowing with lightning. Percy also saw Frank in a shape of a dragon with one wings missing and massive tears on his sides. He saw Leo fiddling with a mechanical dog it seemed that looked ferocious yet he wasn't frightened at all. More like indifferent. Remember Percy, they left you, they used you; Gaea whispered in his mind. Percy then raised Riptide into the air about to signal charge when a familiar voice rang out. "No! Don't do this, you are better than fighting!" Piper. The girl walked up from the army of demi gods, limping as she did so. "You are being manipulated Gaea! You don't-" She started to say, her voice laced with her charm speak when Percy raised a hand. Piper then gasped as the demi god manipulated her blood basically and Percy felt a strange emotion within him when tears fell down her face. She was my friend… "You have no friends, Percy", a soothing voice spoke in his ear. He shivered as Gaea's model body of clay touched his shoulders. Narrowing his eyes, he worked the water in Piper's body and had her fall to her knees. Gaea let out a cackling laugh and urged Percy forward. With his armor clinking, and what felt like his skin crawling, he walked to Piper who stared at him immobilized. He could feel her trying to fight his grasp but it was useless, no one could escape. Gaea had made sure of that when she forced him into doing it to thousands of monsters including titans. Percy stood, towering over Piper who had tears falling from her eyes. Squatting down, his eyes met hers and he wiped away tears from her face. "Please don't do this… Whoever you are, you don't have to do this. These are innocent people." She pleaded and her words were coated with charms speak. "I know. But Gaea wishes it." He said quietly, standing up again when he used his power to throw her far to the west. He didn't bother to watch as he heard her cry out and crumple against something. He didn't kill her though, he knew that for sure. "I'm sorry…" He whispered. He raised Riptide and sliced the air before him, and the army charged. Gaea's army quickly tore through the demi gods until it came down to a few titans and giants, about twenty monsters, and himself against a handful of resilient demi gods. Jason stood at the front of the small handful behind him, his blue eyes burning like blue fire with fierce anger and the air crackled with electricity. Percy swore he even heard thunder when he looked up to see black, angry storm clouds above. Indifferent he casted his eyes back to the blonde boy when he noticed someone among their ranks. Nico. His dark locks fell into his face and he was panting heavily, even the front of his shirt was torn. His heart gave a tug that was painful and his gut clenched at the look on his face. He was scared but he wasn't about to give up it seemed. Jason leveled his sword directly at Percy and declared his eyes flashing "YOU, You will die by my hand." One of the giants to his left sneered at Jason and said in remark "Just because he hurt your little girlfriend?" Jason yelled and the demi gods on his side joined in as they began fighting the monsters and titans while Percy stayed behind with two giants on either side of him. Quickly, he maneuvered around the fighting and went behind the demi gods when Jason struck a titan down with some difficulty and turned to Percy. Jason narrowed his eyes when he felt Gaea whisper in his mind to fight. And so he raised his blade while Jason charged at him and Percy met him halfway. Something swelled in his chest and as their blades struck, creating sparks, lighting struck the ground nearby, other fighters moved away clearing an area for them to fight while continuing