A/N: Well, after what feels like ages (over a year) life has given me a break. I'm back, I'm itching to write and I'm (hopefully) better than ever, so let's have another SYOT! If your wondering where the form is, it's on my profile so go check it out. As always read and review and I hope you enjoy the 102 nd Hunger Games! Prologue: Modern Alchemists Nyrro Blighthaven, age 31 (HG-TV Presenter) Three time Caecillius Laurels winner for best upcoming television personality It's 3 o'clock in the morning. The sun hasn't even thought about rising yet. Lights shimmer and flash gaudily outside the window of my twentieth floor penthouse suite as the last few drunks and gamblers and late night workers stagger their way home for an early night. Tomorrow's the Hunger Games. I should be asleep. But instead I'm making hot chocolate. Don't ask me why, but it calms my nerves. I feel relaxed when my stomach is full and it's not like I was going to sleep tonight anyway. I have to practice my lines. I'm supposed to be opening the Games tomorrow with Democritta Nyx. Feel free to, complement me. Congratulate me. Go on, everyone else does. 'Oh Nyrro that's wonderful! I'll be sure to look out for you!' 'Oh Ny-Ny you're so young! What an honour!' 'Congrats kid. Beats presenting the weather!' Yeah, yeah it does. No one likes the boring old weather forecast. Everyone loves the Hunger Games. But you see, that's the problem. No one cares about the weather forecast. No one watches it. If some idiot screws up on whether it rains or snows, who gives a damn? It's not like anyone has to go out in the rain in Panem anyway. If it gets bad people just stay indoors. But everyone watches the Games. Everyone and their deceased grandmother watches the Games! Every insipid reporter and brainless paparazzo hangs on your every word and watches your every twitch. If you so much as smile at a tribute for too long or sneeze at the wrong time your face will be on the cover of every gossip magazine from here to District Thirteen and they'll be declaring you a District sympathizer from now until the next Quell. Sounds like it could never happen, huh? Well lets just say that, since Caesar Flickerman retired from the Games twelve years ago there has been a constant stream of new presenters and celebrities taking up the reigns. I'm number twelve, and no one thinks I'll last, not even my lovely fiancée. "Ny-Ny, come to bed." Speak of the devil. Well, uh, guess I shouldn't say that. Els would murder me. "Just a minute Els!" I call, "I got some stuff I need to sort out." From the bedroom down the corridor I hear the sounds of sheets being lazily flung aside as Els fumbles for the light switch. There's a soft click and I am bathed in a soft pink light. "Ny-Ny?" Els calls, "Where are you?" "In the kitchen." I sigh, not bothering to look up as Els slouches into the room. "Oh, Ny-Ny," Els tuts, exasperated, "Not again." From behind me I feel a gentle tug as a pair of slender, ebony arms wind their way under my own arms and around my chest, her heliotrope tattoos matching perfectly with the black ink patterns that wind their way up my chest and neck and then down my back. I smile inwardly, but the vice in my chest stops me from relaxing. The metaphorical vice obviously. The Capitol can be into some strange stuff, I admit, and I'm hardly the most conservative but I'm not that crazy. I don't have an actual vice in my... You know what, I'll just drop it. After a few seconds of standing like that, with me bent over a saucepan and Els hugging me from behind, I heave a sigh. "Why did I say yes to Moros?" I growl, "I shouldn't have agreed to these Games. I should have just said no. I should have walked away, but I was too greedy and too stupi..." Before I can finish I feel myself tugged away from the saucepan I am watching and spun around to face Els. Elisandra Measurewick looks resplendent in the delicate silk dressing gown which I bought her when we first met in the live audience of the 93rd Hunger Games interviews. We'd barely finished being kids then and it was a tad too big for her, but she sort of grew in to it. And she tells me I'm a terrible judge of size! "You," Els begins, jabbing me in the stomach to emphasize her point, "Will be a wonderful presenter. You're funny, you're popular, you're handsome, you're the most wonderful man I've ever met and I'm sure the audience will love you." I frown and shake my head, the dragon tattoos on my cheeks and neck swaying like they always do when I do that. Seeing I am unconvinced, Els eyes harden. "Look," She says earnestly, her voice falling a couple of pitches, "Do you know why Moros Parcelsus asked you to present the Games?" "Because I upstaged him at the last Quintum Award?" I give a half hearted grin and wince as Els playfully knocks me upside the head. "Because he sees the potential in you that all of us see but you somehow miss. He knows what you're capable of. You're like a young Claudius T..." "I'm not a young Claudius Templesmith." I mutter, "A thousand me's wouldn't even be close to an old Claudius Templesmith." "But you are!" Els cheers enthusiastically, throwing her arms around my neck and jumping on to her tiptoes, pulling me forwards into a kiss. As our lips meet I feel my worries lessen. It is as if some of that metaphorical vice has been sucked out of me by our kiss and lost somewhere between her body and mine. With a smile I place a large hand on her tiny shoulder and push her back on to her feet, pulling away. "You shoulda been a talk show host," I tell her, "You're a good arguer." She smiles at me with a shake of her head and pats me gently on the back. "Oh Ny-Ny," Els giggles, "One of us in show business is enough. I mean someone's got to raise little Thalia, haven't they. We can't afford a nanny or an Avox and you know my parents are itching to get their hands on her just so they can say they were right about you." I laugh. A real laugh, not one of those phony stage ones I've practiced that Els swears make me sound crazy. "Baby," I tell her, "Once these Games are through I'll be able to buy you a District full of Avoxes." "That's nice hun'," She smiles only half listening as she flounces back to bed. Turning in the doorway, she beckons me after, "Oh and baby?" "Yeah." "Turn of the stove. I don't want to have to clean out the carpets tomorrow because one of your late night culinary experiments exploded again. It's the Reapings and I need my rest." The limo arrives for me before I've finished breakfast and, with a bottle of hair gel and my sequined violet coat under one arm and my daughter Thalia riding on my shoulder, I rush down to the car and throw the door open. "Geez man," I mumble sleepily, "Five more minutes. I was up late last night and I haven't even finished my toast." "Oh well," A choked but slightly lilting voice croaks, "By all means continue. Your breakfast is so much more important than a century old national institution." I jump, noticing for the first time Games Maker Moros Parcelsus curled in to a large chair at the far end of the limousine, his pupiless eyes glimmering playful at me from behind a pair of milky white sunglasses. "Sir!" I yelp, "I'm sorry, I didn't mean it I..." I don't know what it is about Moros but, for some reason, he always makes me feel uncomfortable. I don't think he's ever said an unkind word to me but the old man always puts me ill at ease. "Stop gibbering Blighthaven," Moros chuckles hoarsely, his ancient wrinkled skin curving into a smile "I didn't complain when you called my niece a snake-skinned rat at last years Quintum after-party, and that was after you stole that award from me! Do you really think I'm going to complain now." I nod in gratitude, climbing in to the limo and waving goodbye to Thalia and Els, but Moros raises his hand to stop me and flashes me a lupine smile. "They can come if they must." He tells me, "There are some non-alcoholic drinks in the fridgiculus if your daughter's thirsty." "Th-thank you sir." Thalia murmurs nervously as she clambers in to the seat next to me, "But-but I-I'm not thirsty." "Please call me Moros. Or Mo," Moros' grin grows about five sizes, "Uncle Mo. Now that has a nice ring to it. What do you say Blighthaven? I gave you this job. A once in a life time experience. Honorary uncle is the least you could do in return." Thalia buries her face in my shirt and hides as much of her face as she can behind her turquoise hair. I give Moros a worried smile. "Sorry sir. Thalia's a little shy around new people." I try to explain. I try to coax Thalia out of her little ball by stroking a soothing hand through her hair. I'm normally OK with her insecurities, but Moros is a very important 'new person.' If he takes offense my career is finished. "No matter." Moros grins with a shake of his head, showing a full set of pointed silver teeth, "She's a child, she makes mistakes. Doesn't she, Blighthaven?" I nod my head vigorously in agreement. "And what of your lovely wife? I must admit I would have expected someone like you to be dating Halisha Agrippa or one of the Dannike sisters. A singer or an actress, you know." Next to me Els bristles, grinding her teeth. I try to catch her eye but, before I can stop her she has bent across the cabin and gripped the senior Games Maker by the scruff of his bejeweled puce blazer. For a moment I wish I had married an actress. They don't attack Games Makers. "Now listen here, you." Els glowers, her voice taking on that squeaky quality it only does when she is really angry. "I may not be some prissy celebrity bimbo with a waist the width of their wrist like Halisha Agrippa or those Escorts of yours, but I am Ny-Ny's fiancée and I am as much woman as he will ever need! He does not need you playing match maker with some line of god damned bikini models! Do I make myself quite clear?" Moros looks Els up and down taking in every feature. The blue hair with small fluorescent lights spun into it, the deep purple eyes and ebony skin, the tight white dress that I personally consider way too revealing but she apparently had no trouble buying an exact copy of for our four year old daughter. Moros looks to me, slowly opens his mouth and I prepare myself for the experience of being thrown out of the limo and into oncoming traffic. "She has spirit!" Moros declares, kissing Els hand and offering her a drink. Satiated, but still sour, Els sits back in her chair and allows him to pour her a glass of something red and sparkling. "I have to ask 'Ny-Ny' why haven't you married this wonderful creature yet?" "In-laws." I shrug, scratching the back of my neck nervously, "We thought it was better to just be a couple for a while y'know, give Thalia the experience of being the flower girl." "Wonderful." Moros declares, clapping his