Disclaimer: I, by no means, claim to own anything remotely related to the Harry Potter Universe. No copyright infringement intended. AN: I hope everyone is having a safe and happy festive season! I His hands were shaking from the cold. Harry Potter stared down at his gloved fingers before he tucked his hands under his armpits to warm them up. He knew he was being stubborn, but he just couldn't bring himself to go back into the Castle. Staying outside was a form of defiance towards the powers that be, and he was determined to see it through until it was absolutely necessary for him to seek warmth. "You're going to give yourself a cold, Potter." Harry looked up from his position perched on a large rock overlooking the Black Lake, to see his best friend approaching him cautiously. Hermione Granger was all bundled up for the cold, looking rather adorable in her Gryffindor beanie and matching scarf. She was careful with where she placed her feet. The last thing she wanted to do was slip and end up in a pit of snow. "Scoot over," she instructed him once she was near enough, and he happily shifted, making room for her. Because of the height of the rock, she had to jump up to take her place beside him and she almost slipped off, so she was forced to grab onto his arm to steady herself. "Oh my God, Harry," she suddenly exclaimed, squeezing his arm tight. "Isn't your bottom frozen?" Despite his earlier foul mood, Harry let out a laugh. "I think that it's actually gone numb," he informed her. Hermione did not let go of his arm, rather choosing to hug it to her chest, as if they could transfer precious warmth between them. Harry ended up resting his hand on her lower thigh, and he had to resist the urge to tuck it between her legs for the warmth. That would just be... too far. "Well, I'm starting to think that coming out here was a better idea until I actually did it," she muttered, just managing to stop her teeth from chattering. "Didn't anyone tell you that it's cold outside?" he asked, risking a smile. "My best friend could have told me," she said; "but he was nowhere to be found." She waited, knowing full well that he wouldn't comment. "What are you doing out here, Harry?" she eventually asked. "It's freezing!" Harry chuckled. "It's not that bad," he said, absently squeezing her lower thigh. "It's not even snowing." Hermione stared down at where his hand was on her leg, feeling self-conscious of the way she was gripping his arm for the first time. Her sudden panic must have showed on her face because he softly blew on her cheek to get her attention. "Hey," he said, his eyes shining with mirth. "What's up?" She took a deep breath. "How long have you been sitting out here?" He dropped his gaze. "Not long," he mumbled, and they both knew it was a blatant lie. He cleared his throat. "Is life always going to be this unfair, Hermione?" he asked quietly, his breath fogging up as he spoke. "I mean, I've accepted a lot that this world has thrown my way, but - " he stopped and sucked in a sharp, cold breath. Hermione was too cold to brave actually hugging him properly, so she just tightened her hold on his arm. She didn't know how else to comfort him, or to let him know that she understood without actually voicing whatever he was determined not to say out loud . "When is enough going to be enough?" he asked softly, almost whispering. Hermione couldn't see the back of his left hand because of his glove but she knew what was there, and she absolutely hated it. It made her blood boil with just how much she hated that ridiculous excuse for a... human being. Hermione had long since lost her undying faith in their professors. How could they knowingly allow that woman to continue to teach when - Hermione sighed. There was no use getting worked up over something she couldn't control. Her Harry was hurting, and that did not sit well with her. Hermione had no answers for him, and the encouraging words she wanted to say sounded flat in her own head, so she didn't bother with them. Instead, she decided to distract him. "Sirius wrote to me," she said, knowing that would pique his interest. Harry brightened instantly, the mention of his godfather too tempting. "Really? What about?" he asked. Then he paused; "Umm, if you don't mind my asking, that is," he added nervously. She smiled warmly at him. "He asked me about you, and what you liked," she told him. "He wants to get you the perfect Christmas present, but he doesn't really know you well enough yet, so he asked me to tell him all about the wizard who risked his life to save him." "A wizard who couldn't have done any of it without a certain witch," Harry said candidly, his earlier mood temporarily forgotten. Hermione blushed, and was suddenly thankful for the cold. It could be the excuse for her red cheeks. "So, what did you tell him?" Harry found himself asking, suddenly very interested in what Hermione could have told his godfather. "I hope nothing bad." As if there was anything bad to tell , Hermione thought, and then checked back on her realism. Harry was a human being, flaws and all, and yet he was still perfect. Wow, she was in deep trouble. "Hermione," Harry prompted, looking amused at how distracted she suddenly was. "What did you tell him?" She let out a breath, giggling quietly. "Well, I told him that you like treacle tart and sugar quills," she explained. "You love flying, and you love your friends and would do anything to protect them and keep them safe. I told him that you're true, and you're strong, and that I've never been ashamed to be your friend, or any prouder of you than right now." Harry blinked. "I also told him that he's missed so much, and that he's going to have to make it up to you somehow." His eyes widened. "Hermione!" She didn't shy away from his outburst. "It's the truth, Harry, and he agreed with me." "He did?" "Of course he did," she said easily. "He cares about you a lot, and he's excited to be able to spend this coming Christmas with you, even if it'll be behind closed doors. I don't know why but I'm convinced this is going to be a great Christmas, Harry." "You sound so sure," he commented lightly, smiling at the distant look in her eyes. Hermione gripped his forearm tightly. "I'm willing it to happen," she told him timidly. "Don't laugh at me. You might jinx it." "I won't laugh," he assured her. "I want this to be a great Christmas as well." Hermione sighed and leaned into him a little more, surprised by her own boldness. It helped that he didn't seem to mind. "So, I actually did come out here for a reason other than to annoy you," she said, offering him a small smile. "You're not annoying me," he said, glancing at her. "I like sitting here with you, despite the cold." Hermione met his gaze, brown eyes locking on green. She didn't know if he could see the worry, confusion and happiness reflected in her eyes. Because she worried, sometimes, that the core of who she was as a person made it difficult for people to spend time with her. She'd spent years being the insufferable know-it-all, but now she was best friends with this wonderful boy who seemed to accept her, bookworm tendencies and all. "What did you want to talk about?" he asked, looking away from the heat of her gaze for a moment. He took a breath before he looked back at her, smiling at her flushed cheeks and slightly pink nose. Harry loved winter sometimes. "I had this idea," she began, somewhat nervously; "about having a Secret Santa with the DA." Harry blinked, taking it in, and then his face broke out in a wide grin. "That's a great idea!" he said, tugging on his arm and pulling her closer. She looked a little taken aback by his enthusiasm. "Oh." "Oh what?" "I thought that I would have to explain what it was," she said, sounding embarrassed. "I'm sorry." Harry nudged her gently with his shoulder. "I know I lived in a cupboard under the stairs for ten years, but I do know some things, Hermione." For a moment, she was convinced that she'd offended him, but then he started to laugh, and her heart rate slowly came back down to a rate that was just above normal. It would never reach normal while in Harry's presence these days and it was definitely turning into a problem. "But I do really think it's a good idea," he said, his laughter tapering off. "Or did you want to practice explaining it to me, you know, before you told the rest of the group?" "Do you mind?" Harry turned slightly, taking a bit of his arm back, so he could look at her properly. He was determined to give her his full attention. "Go on, Professor Granger; I'm listening." She rolled her eyes, took a breath and then proceeded to explain her complete idea to him. Even as she spoke, she was fully aware of the fact that his eyes never drifted from her face. He was listening intently, and he was hearing her. There were times in their friendship when she knew he wasn't paying attention, but this was not one of them. It was actually a little distracting, seeing as he was so close, but she pushed through her explanation until she was happy that she'd covered everything. "So, what do you think?" she asked. "Do you think they'll go for it?" Harry waited a beat, before he nodded. "We'll make sure to tell them that it doesn't have to be anything big or expensive," he said. "Just, well, umm, it has to be thoughtful, and not everyone has to participate if they don't want to. But I think it'll be fun." "We need some fun," she agreed, absently referring to the residual anger that seemed to be permanently inhabiting her best friend. She just wanted to see him happy; wanted to hear his laugh and see that lopsided grin that always managed to make her breath catch. "Everything is always so serious around here, and I get that that's the way that our lives are right now, but I think we need this. Something light, festive, and happy." "You don't have to convince me, Hermione." "Maybe I'm trying to convince myself," she said in a whisper and it was amazing that he heard her at all. Harry responded by squeezing her lower thigh again, less flustered by the idea now that his hand had been on her leg for quite some time. "We'll tell them in our next meeting." "Which is tomorrow, Harry." "I knew that." Hermione rolled her eyes. "Honestly, what am I ever going to do with you?" "Well, if you weren't holding my arm in your death grip, I think you'd probably be kissing the snow right now," he said with a grin that made her heart skip beats. Not even just one; many. Hermione automatically made to release his arm, but Harry shook his head. "I'm teasing," he assured her. "I like it," he admitted shyly; "it's like you've claimed me." Hermione just blinked, unsure how to respond. What could she even say to something like that? Did he know? Did he know what his words could do to a teenage girl? Even a girl who desperately held onto her composure around him like Hermione Granger? Harry took a shaky breath.