Disclaimer: I, by no means, claim to own anything remotely related to the Harry Potter Universe. Or that of the One Tree Hill Universe, for that matter. No copyright infringement intended. AN: Happy Valentine's Day, people. Or, to those other few: Happy Return-Of-The-Champion's-League! Here's a present from me to you. Chapter One: People Get Ready Sirius Black liked to make a big deal out of the little things in life. There was, admittedly, very little excitement to be found in a trip to King's Cross Station on September first, but Sirius liked to spice things up, if only to annoy his best friend and her son. He sang songs the entire car ride to the station, told unfunny jokes, reminisced about his school days and passed on terrible advice. Lily Evans had to put a hand on his thigh to stop his rambling, when she spotted the widening of her son's eyes at some of the things he was hearing. "Sirius, please, you're scaring him," she said gently. Sirius looked at the boy through the rearview mirror. "Nonsense. Your boy's faced off against Voldemort; he can handle anything." Lily grimaced at the sound of that. She did not need to be reminded of her son's exploits during the Tri-Wizard Tournament the previous school year. Especially not so callously. Her glare was enough to get the Marauder to sober up. His response was automatic. "I'm sorry. You're right." He glanced at the boy in the backseat once more, and was surprised to find him grinning. "Traitor," Sirius mouthed for him to see. Harry Potter couldn't stop his snicker. "Don't you start," Lily said, turning her head to look at her son. "You're only encouraging him." "It's the last time I see you both until Christmas," Harry said, shifting slightly in the backseat of the car, so he could lean forward and talk to his mother properly. "Let us enjoy it while we can." Lily rolled her eyes. "We're going to miss you too, Harry." "What? No! That's not what I said." "It's what I heard," Sirius said, enjoying Harry's sudden discomfort a little too much. "Isn't that what he said, Lily?" "Definitely." "Guys," Harry whined, a small smile on his face. "Stop." "Is he getting embarrassed?" Sirius asked. "I think I see a blush. Is he blushing?" Harry dropped his head. "If you keep it up, I'm going to Apparate right out of here," he threatened. "You'll be arrested." "Let James try." "Harry," Lily warned, her tone of voice forcing him to clamp his mouth shut. His mother normally didn't like it when he talked about his father, at all . It didn't matter if it was in a good light or not. Any talk about James Potter wasn't well-received by either Lily or Sirius. Not that Harry blamed either of them. At the end of the day, Harry didn't like it when other people talked to him about James either. He especially hated it when his idiot brother talked about James, and it was just about Jack Potter's favourite thing to do whenever Harry was around. My dad this , and my dad that . "We're here!" Sirius suddenly exclaimed as he pulled the car over to the side of the road so he could maneuver into a parallel parking spot. As a Pureblood, it'd taken him a while to get used to the idea of driving a car, let alone actually driving. Lily taught him the mechanics of it years ago, but it took him a further few months to get on the road and become the driving menace that Lily and Harry always knew he would be. Sirius slipped into the parking spot in one slick move, and threw a fist into the air in triumph. "Am I a champion driver or what?" he asked. "Sure you are," Lily said sarcastically, rolling her eyes once more. He could be such a child sometimes. Sirius exaggerated a gasp. "I can't believe you're leaving me with her, Harry," he said dramatically. "What kind of wingman are you, Potter?" "If I could not go to school, you know I would," Harry said, as he opened his door and climbed out onto the sidewalk. If he were being completely honest, he would have to admit that the London air was different to the air he breathed at home. It felt both heavier and lighter at the same time, simultaneously stifling and freeing. Lily caught Harry's attention by putting an arm around his shoulders. "Penny for your thoughts?" He managed a smile. "Is it too much to ask that we get back in the car and go home right now?" She hugged him lightly. "It'll be fine, Harry," she said soothingly. "It's just another year." "No it isn't," he countered. "You already saw what the Daily Prophet is saying about Jack. They're bound to start on about me at some point." "Ignore them then." "But how?" Lily turned to face her son. "You are Harry James Potter. You are kind and brave, caring, loving, and oh so very handsome." She smiled at the first sign of his blush. "What the world thinks of you doesn't matter; it shouldn't . It is what you think of yourself that counts, okay?" Harry nodded numbly, though he didn't tell her that her words weren't actually helping. He'd never actually told her what it was really like for him at school, and he wasn't about to start. Not when it looked like she was just getting her life together again. "Lily, are you starting with your lectures again?" Sirius asked, cutting into the profound moment between mother and son. "Leave the poor kid alone." "He's not a kid, Sirius," Lily responded. "And that has to be the saddest thing I've ever heard." He shook his head. "Come on, let's head inside so we can save Neville from Madam Longbottom before she pinches his cheeks right off like the last time." "Sirius." "What, Lily? You saw what happened last year," he said, somewhat innocently. "The poor boy's been belittled his entire life. Would've been a Gryffindor if it weren't for the old bat." "Sirius." "I'm just telling the truth," he said, shrugging slightly. "And, by all means, do , but preferably in the privacy of Grimmauld Place. She is a Wizengamot member, remember?" "As am I." Lily sighed. She could never truly understand the reason behind Sirius and Augusta Longbottom's strained relationship. It was something that neither Head of their families liked to talk about and Lily gave up questioning them both a very long time ago. "Are you sure you have everything?" Lily asked her son as they started to walk towards the entrance to the Station. "I won't be sending you anything that you've forgotten like I did last year." "I packed everything," he said, grumbling slightly. She raised an eyebrow, hearing something different in his voice. "Everything?" Harry risked a look at Sirius, and then visibly steeled himself for the conversation that was about to occur. " Everything ," he repeated. Lily brought them to a stop. "Harry, we talked about this," she said sternly. "We decided." "No," he said automatically. " You decided." Lily blinked. "Harry?" "I don't get it, Mum," he said. "You always tell me that you want the best for me; that you want me to be the best I can possibly be, so why won't you at least let me try?" Lily sputtered. Where was all of this coming from? "So, yes, I packed everything , and I'm going to try because I think I deserve it. Just because I'm known as the other Potter, doesn't mean that I actually have to be." Lily was stunned, and it showed on her face. Clearly, her son had spent quite a while thinking about this. It was definitely something he felt strongly about, from the hard-set look of pure determination his face. He was decided. Harry nodded once, and then turned and started to walk again, signifying the end of that topic of discussion. He needed to keep walking before his mother guilted him into giving up on his decision. He wouldn't put it past her; she'd done it before. She'd even written to Professor McGonagall about it once, and Harry'd ended up in detention for no reason on the all important day. Lily was eventually jolted into moving by Sirius' hand on the small of her back. He said no words as he guided her through the crowds filling the Station, following Harry. Sirius watched in mild amusement as the teenager made great effort not to look back at his mother. "Did you know about this?" Lily whispered to Sirius, once she'd recovered from Harry's sudden declaration. Sirius took a deep breath. "I bought him a new one." Her eyes snapped towards him. "You did what ?" she practically shrieked. "He asked, Lily," he said simply. "He never asks for anything. This is important to him and, after the debacle that was last year; how can you possibly say no?" "He'll get hurt." "Then he'll grow from it," Sirius said. "Don't you think he's good enough?" "It doesn't matter," she whispered hotly. "We both know that, even if he is better; there's no way that - " Sirius cut her off. "He already knows," he said gently. "Don't you think that the last fifteen years of his life have taught him more than enough about where he fits into the great big world that we've thrown him into?" "I just want to protect him." "I think you'll find that he's perfectly capable of taking care of himself." Lily sighed. "But he's still a child," she said, contradicting her earlier statement. She knew she was being difficult, but any mother wanted her kid to stay a kid, even when he just wasn't . "Who's desperate to be a man," he said. "You don't get to pick and choose, Lil. He's growing up, too fast, and you're going to have to accept it one of these days." She looked at Sirius. "I don't like it." "We're not asking you to," he replied softly. "But, if he doesn't try; he'll regret it. And, if you don't let him try, well, I think you'll regret it too." "When did you get so wise?" It would have been easy for Sirius to play off her question, even making a joke about it, but something felt serious about this moment. "I was forced to," he said carefully; "you know, when my once best friend decided that raising his son just wasn't for him." Lily bristled, decidedly refusing to engage in a conversation that remotely involved James Potter. "I'm going through," Harry called out from in front of them, and then disappeared through the pillar before either adult could even respond. "He probably can't wait to see Luna," Sirius joked. "Oh Sirius, we both know that he has a crush on a certain little redhead." Sirius shook his head. "Potter men and their redheads," he grumbled. Lily threw him a wistful look, but chose not to respond. If her son was lucky, he would get over his crush quickly. Potter men and redheads didn't work out, and the sooner he figured it out, the better. They followed Harry through the pillar onto Platform 9 3/4, and Lily automatically smiled at the sight of the Hogwarts Express. As terrible as it was to be out in public in the Wizarding World, even with Sirius , Lily couldn't mistake the feeling of magic in the air. It was wonderful, and definitely something that she missed. "There he is," Sirius said, gesturing to a point ahead of them. Lily's eyes followed his gesture and she spied her son standing with his two best friends, Neville Longbottom and Luna Lovegood. The trio were talking to Neville's grandmother, Augusta, and Luna's father, Xenophilius Lovegood. "Just looking at Xeno gives me a headache," Sirius whispered, referring to the colour of Xenophilius' robes, and Lily