Disclaimer: I, by no means, claim to own anything remotely related to the Harry Potter Universe. Title inspired by Emeli Sande's album name. No copyright infringement intended. Introduction: This story is very AU. Most changes are revealed in the first few chapters, I think. Any queries are welcomed. There are no Horcruxes in this story. Voldemort and his ever-so-lovely Death Eaters were defeated in the graveyard at the end of Harry's fourth year at Hogwarts, by the Boy-Who-Lived and his brother. For the purpose of this story, students from fifth, sixth and seventh year could enter their names into the Goblet. I do hope you enjoy! Chapter One I've always thought our version of events would be different. I'm trying to understand. I am. I don't want you to go. Don't. Please. This isn't the way it's supposed to be. As he sat there, Harry Potter kept replaying the memory of her saying those words to him as he watched her enter the boardroom with Remus Lupin. Thankfully, for everyone, he had been forewarned. If he hadn't, he hated to think of how he would have reacted to the sight of her. He'd spent quite a while trying to prepare, but even he had to know that no amount of preparation would have been enough. In the six years since he had seen her, she had changed. If anything, Harry would say that she became more beautiful, if that were even possible. She held herself so confidently, walking with purpose, as Remus showed her to a chair at the conference table. Harry remained in his seat, watching the entire thing play out with bated breath. When would she notice him? What would she do? For Harry, her presence brought back too many memories, not all of them pleasant. He had tried desperately to forget it all, deciding that it was the only way he could possibly go on. He had to know it was improbable. It would have to take an Obliviation to make him forget Hermione Jean Granger. The conference table itself was large enough that she was several metres away from him, her eyes focused on the agenda Remus had placed in front of her. Harry almost smiled. Trust her to get right down to business. You and I both know this isn't the way things are supposed to be. We are supposed to be together. It's shouldn't be like this. Harry conceded that Hermione was the type of girl who deserved the amazing love story. And, to some extent, he had given it to her. To get to their real story, one would have to go back to their fourth year of schooling at Hogwarts School for Wizardry and Witchcraft. At that point, the two were very good friends, along with Neville Longbottom and Dean Thomas. Some would even say they were near inseparable. At the time, Harry guessed that they were destined for one of those fated loves that Remus spoke so fondly about. All he had to do was ask her to accompany him to Hogsmeade and the rest would play out. He was convinced of it. It was just one way their love story could have gone. Only, it went in an entirely different direction. Harry's fourth year at Hogwarts was a strange one. As the younger brother to whom the world believed was the Boy-Who-Lived, he should have expected a bumpy year. As much as people claimed, it wasn't a surprise when Bennet Potter's name emerged from the Goblet of Fire. If anything, it would have been more of a surprise if it didn't. What was surprising, was the emergence of a fourth Champion. Harry remembered holding his breath as he watched their Headmaster, Albus Dumbledore, read the small piece of parchment. When the old Professor read the name out loud, the entire Hall erupted into vehement murmuring. In all honesty, Harry almost passed out. The shock at the sound of his name paralysed him, and Hermione had to pinch him to get him moving. What followed was a whirlwind of all things terrible. Of course, Bennet said nothing to his little brother about the entire ordeal, and the famous James and Lily Potter were unsure how to handle their sons' predicaments. Of course, the younger Potter was ostrocised, much like he had been in his second year when Bennet had started the nasty rumour that Harry was the Heir of Slytherin. The only people who believed that he didn't put his name in the Goblet of Fire from the very beginning were Hermione and Neville. Harry remembered that Dean needed some convincing, but he came around well before the Tri-Wizard Tournament's First 'Death' Task even began. And then Harry went and threw it all right back in their faces. As was expected of those attending the Yule Ball, Harry required a date. It was at that time that one of the prettiest girls in the school seemed to take an interest in him. Cho Chang. She was a year older, Quidditch Seeker, deftly smart, mature, cunning, gorgeous and keen on the young Gryffindor, that Harry turned into a mumbling idiot whenever she was around. What she first saw in him, he would never know. As it were, she molded him into exactly the type of boy she wanted to date. Looking back, Harry quite hated himself for becoming who he became. At the first chance he got, he dropped his friends and threw himself into the life of the popular . He became the one thing he was determined never to become: his brother. He all but stepped into an entirely different world, leaving his trusted friends for the sometimes sadistic Ronald Weasley and ill-tempered Seamus Finnegan. That was the world Cho brought him into. Suddenly, it didn't even matter that he was the annoying kid brother of the most famous boy wizard in the world. After everything that Bennet laid claim to, Harry was pleased that those accomplishments were his own. He was no longer a nobody; he didn't go unnoticed. Not until Cho Chang noticed him. He didn't even care what reason she had for speaking to him in the first place. He just cared that she did. He'd become somebody because of it. And he went right back to being a nobody when she broke up with him near the end of his sixth year. No, she dumped him flat. So hard. In fact, it was a truly public humiliation, occurring right in the middle of the Great Hall during one of the busier dinners. It was the type of humiliation that people don't just forget. It doesn't just go away. It's the kind that you carry with you throughout the halls, doing your best to ignore all the snide remarks and snickers about your heartbreak. What did help Harry, though, was the fact that he was still Reserve Seeker for the Gryffindor Quidditch Team behind his brother. When Bennet graduated, Harry was a shoe-in for taking the spot. He was definitely looking forward to the one year that he didn't have to be the 'Other Potter.' The year itself didn't start out terribly. He quickly made the Quidditch Team as he was Deputy Captain to their Keeper, Ronald Weasley. Between the two of them, they had the entire House riled up about potentially winning the House Cup that year. Which, really, was where his and Hermione's very brief love story really began. We haven't had a lot of time. I wish we did. It would have been nice to see how far this could go. Something tells me we could have had forever. "We still could," Harry whispered to himself, and a few heads closest to him turned to look his way. He paid them no attention as he made to rise to his feet and call for attention. Before he could stand, though, Neville stopped him. "The minutes," Neville said, as if it irked him to have to repeatedly remind Harry. "Of course." Harry managed a smile. "Go ahead." Carefully, Neville rose to his feet. At the sight, Remus called the meeting to order and everyone settled in to listen to the youngest Longbottom. Harry tried to listen as best he could but he just couldn't see the merit in reading aloud the minutes. He understood their being taken but this part was just unnecessary. If something was important enough, Harry was sure he would remember. As it were, the last thing Harry wanted to do was mess with tradition. Not when he was now the boss in a place where he was sure he was purposefully unwanted. Once Neville was done, he sat down and passed the piece of paper to Harry. Before he signed the sheet, he questioned the table of the accuracy of the minutes. At their nods, Harry scribbled his name and stood to formally begin the meeting. "Good morning," he said strongly. "I trust we've all had a productive fortnight." His voice was even, steady; grossly unlike his heartbeat. She was looking at him! "From what I have seen of the progress reports, that does indeed appear to be the case. Most notably, I must commend Fredericks and Hammond on their acquisition of Hanley. That is a very large account. As is the Boot account. Both the landing of these accounts will go a long way to rebuilding the company's name again." "It should never have dropped in the first place." Harry turned to look at the person who had spoken. Trust Severus Snape to insert his nasty opinion. Really, Harry wondered what possessed his father to hire this insufferable man. After Dumbledore had finally wised up and sacked the pitiful Potions Master, nobody should have gone anywhere near the man. Sigh. Harry just managed to ignore the man's permanent scowl and continued with his opening address. "We have had to do considerable damage control with regards to investments in Galaxia. It is my understanding that Izib was able to compensate the losses." "Whose idea was Galaxia in the first place?" Harry shot Snape a dirty look, almost daring him to say another word. Wisely, the greasy man remained silent. "Asking questions you already know the answers to is unproductive," Harry said generally, though everyone knew at whom the remark was directed. "We all have jobs to do." "Bennet would never have let it happen." That made Harry's breath catch. He'd expected resistance, and he'd received it on every front. But this... this felt different. It was... personal. It wasn't that Harry didn't know what he was doing. He may not have been the saviour - at least in the eyes of the rest of the world - but he knew he was loved. His father had spent years teaching him and his brother the secrets of the Potter trade. Harry was extremely capable of running this company and he was determined to do his father proud. How dare they undermine him? Harry cleared his throat. He did not want to fight. "On a more positive note, Anthony Goldstein and his wife have just welcomed their first child. We received an invitation to the baby's Christening, as his wife is a Muggle, and I expect a few of us to attend. Also, that same evening, Daphne Greengrass' fundraising dinner is being held in Downtown London. For those who have worked on the account, I strongly suggest you stop by. I know that Daphne will really appreciate all the support." Harry worked through the agenda, making suggestions and hearing explanations. He liked to be interactive and he barely sat down as the meeting went on. He also did not once look at Hermione. As it was nearing its end, Harry handed over to Remus, who stood and smiled the genuine smile for which he was well known. "Following the untimely departure of Blaise Zabini, we have struggled to find a replacement who upholds the same principles and ideologies promoted by Potter & Sons.