Disclaimer: I, by no means, claim to own anything remotely related to the Harry Potter Universe. No copyright infringement intended. Sunshine and Roses "So… you're gonna suffer, but you're gonna be happy about it." - Ronald Weasley . Tuesday . Dearest Hermione This is the way I see it. I could sit here and tell you all the ways you set my heart ablaze, or I could explain just why the idea of going to the Burrow and seeing you with him makes me physically ill. I'm sure you'd prefer the former, but I'm feeling a little too charged for sunshine and roses right now. I get that you probably deserve one of those romantic, earth-moving declarations, but I can't. It wouldn't be right, given the fact that, well, our lives are as they are. So here it is. I love you. I don't know when it started, if there was an actual moment, or if it was always there but, one day, I woke up and said 'oh, there you are' and my life has been screwed up ever since. I know you've noticed that something's been bothering me, and I've just now decided to admit it to you in this letter because I'm terrified of the day you figure it out. Because I think you will. You're a little too in tune with my broody moods than I'm comfortable with. I've never been able to hide anything from you, and this specific secret is tearing my insides to shreds. Also, I think it will do me some good to get it off my chest. Maybe if I write it all down, I won't have the burning urge to blurt it out every time I see you. It's one of the reasons I've been avoiding you. It's too dangerous to be alone with you, but it fucking hurts when I'm not alone with you. Hence all the avoiding. I'm many things, but a masochist is not one of them. Believe me, the last thing I want is to mess things up for you. I don't want that. You're happy and I respect that. I do. Well, I try to. Most of the time. The thing is that it breaks my heart whenever he doesn't treat you right. I mean, I shouldn't be allowed to judge. Ginny and I ended badly, and I suppose I wasn't all that great to her in the end, but there was no point in holding onto something that wouldn't ever work in the long run. I knew that. And, if Ginny ever read this letter, she'd probably blame you for the end of our relationship. If I'm being completely honest, and I'm trying to be; I'll have to admit that I blame you too. You've done something to me; something irreversible, and you don't even know it. Lucky you. So it breaks my heart when you feel that you have to apologise for everything. By Merlin, have your likes and dislikes, bloody well disagree if you want to. Stop leading in with all that 'this is dumb but' and 'it's probably stupid but' rubbish. What you think matters. It's always mattered. Goodness knows your brain is one of the only reasons I'm alive right now. It breaks my heart when you think of something and turn to look at him to tell him, but he isn't even looking at you. It breaks my heart that you think you have to dumb yourself down for him. It breaks my heart that he can't seem to hear you when you speak; and even when you don't speak. I want to tell you that I hear you, Hermione. Even when you're not talking; I hear every word you say, whether they're directed at me or not. And that's really the crux of it all, isn't it? I see you, and you see me. It's always been that way. Every time I think I can go unnoticed, you see me. I can't hide from you - not that I've ever wanted to. You know who I am behind everything the world thinks about me, and you still deem me worthy. I can't even explain how it feels to have you looking at me, giving me your full attention. It's amazing and overwhelming, and, Hermione Granger, I am so irrevocably in love with you. I have this theory about how I could have missed it. It sounds plausible in my head, but only you can truly be the judge. See, I've determined that the reason I caught on so late is because you were always there, right beside me, fighting with me. In my mind, you were always alongside me, fighting the good fight. It wasn't the same with Ginny. She wasn't fighting with me. She was an escape from it all, which is why I think I found her so appealing back then. But then the War ended. There was no more fighting. There was no longer a need for an escape, and I was seeing clearly for the first time since I entered the Wizarding World. It felt like I was seeing you for the first time. And I love what I saw. I do. I love that you have no idea how utterly magnificent you are. I love that you fold the corners of pages only in books that aren't your own. I love that, as twisted and out of control the world seems to me; one touch from you rights everything. I love that, even though you don't care much for the sport, you still attended all my Quidditch games. I love that your hair smells like almonds. I love that your idea of fun is spending the day holed up in the library, reading endless books. I love that you can't hold your liquor. I love that you love to sing, though I suspect you're a little tone deaf. I love that you miss your parents, even though you'll never admit it. I love that you care so much about other beings. I love that you've never judged me for my failures and shortcomings. I love that you're unafraid to give me a good talking to. I love that your eyes sparkle when you're talking about your family. I love that your favourite colour is green. I love that you're afraid of flying. I love that you stood between Sirius and me before we knew he wasn't a crazed murderer. I love that you have such a kind, forgiving heart. I love that you sacrificed so much for me. I love that you still get so worked up when people try to give you nicknames. I love that you always notice when something is wrong with me. I love that you force me to talk about things, instead of internalising everything. I love that you have no patience for my tactics of procrastination. I love that you tell me that you're proud of me. I love that you're exactly who you are, nothing more, nothing less. I love all that you are, Hermione, and I hope that it's enough. It would be enough for me. Talk about sunshine and roses. Clearly, I decided on the former. This is more than I could have ever said in spoken words, talking to you as if I could handle making such a confession in person. So here it is again: I love you, Hermione. I want it to be big and monumental, possibly rob you of breath and silence you. I want the earth to shake from my confession, lightning to strike the ground and the wind to whip wildly. But I know none of that will happen. Because I'm stating a fact; a cold, hard fact; something the great big world already knows. Time won't stop. It won't even hesitate. It already knows what I feel. And now so do you. I'm not telling you all of this because I expect something from you. I don't. I'm telling you because I can't keep living like this. You have to know. I had to tell you, so that I can try to move on. It will be difficult, I know, but all I want is for you to be happy. And if he's the one to make you happy, what right do I have to stand in the way? I'm just your best friend. If I'm even that after this letter. I'd like to tell you not to worry about responding. If there's even a chance you could feel anything for me, then, by all means, tell me. If not, well, let's never mention this letter ever, all right? We'll just pretend that it never existed. Just don't hold it against me, will you? It's not my fault you're so bloody irresistible. Just know that, whatever happens, I spend my days imagining my future with you, living each day as if it's a brand new adventure, learning new things about each other and discovering new ways to love each other. I can't say that I know how long it will take for me to get over all of this - or if I even want to - but please be patient with me. It took me years to fall in love with you; I suspect it'll take just about the same time for the reverse to happen. If it even can. So there it is. I'll admit that I feel a little better, but I don't think it'll last. In a few hours, I have to put on a brave face and face you and everyone else at the Burrow. You'll ask me if I'm all right, and I'll lie. I'll tell you that I'm fine, when all I really want to say is 'I love you. I want to be with you. Leave him, and let's run away together. I can make you happy.' Sunshine and roses, Hermione. Love, Harry . The wizard read over the letter a further two times before he let out a long, painful groan. What on earth was he thinking? There was absolutely no way in hell he could send this letter. He may as well just write up a contract and have them all sign it; signifying the end of their friendship, effective immediately. Harry Potter growled. This was stupid. He was being stupid. Despite his growing desire to hide himself away for the rest of his life, Harry folded the letter, placed it in an envelope, sealed it and addressed it. He stared at it for a long moment, almost willing it to burst into flames. It didn't. With a huff, Harry swiped his hand over the desk and dropped the letter into the bin. He glared at it as if it had insulted him in some way, and then he stood up, and started to leave the study. He stopped once more to look at the bin one last time, still contemplating whether he should send it. No. It would only cause more trouble than its worth. As the wizard turned and left the room, he failed to notice the creature with large, suddenly-not-so-innocent eyes plucking the letter out of the bin, its destination already in mind. . "Humans do have a knack of choosing precisely those things that are worst for them." - Albus Dumbledore . One Year, Three Months and Six Days Later . Hermione, I get that you're refusing to see me, and I get that you're mad at me right now. You have every right to be. I've been selfish, and I definitely wasn't thinking about you when I was with her, and I'm sorry. You deserved better from me. You deserve better than me. Which is why I've enclosed a letter with my own. It's from Harry. It was delivered to your flat more than a year ago. You were out at the time, and I just couldn't resist. I'm not proud of what I did but I won't apologise for it. I