Disclaimer: I, by no means, claim to own anything remotely related to the Harry Potter Universe. No copyright infringement intended. Chapter One Hermione Granger practically growled with irritation. How many times did she have to tell him to drop the seat on the toilet? Honestly, how difficult was it to remember something so simple ? Staring down at the toilet, contemplating how desperate she actually was to use it, Hermione's thoughts started to drift. Why was she awake in the middle of the night? It wasn't as if she actually needed to go to the toilet. Out of habit, Hermione made a move to flush and just managed to catch herself before the noise echoed through the house. The last thing she wanted was to wake him up; not when it had taken hours for him to finally fall asleep. Hermione, again out of habit, washed her hands and dried them on her pale blue pyjama shorts. She stepped out of the bathroom into the dark passage, her eyes taking a moment to adjust to the new light. Before she returned to her bed, she stopped to think about the real reason she was awake once more. It wasn't because she'd had a nightmare. No. Surprisingly, tonight, she'd slept peacefully. Well, it wasn't that surprising really, seeing as she had him in her bed, his presence enough to calm her even in her subconscious. So that definitely wasn't it. What was it? Admitting defeat, Hermione padded across the carpet of the passage until she reached her bedroom. She slipped through the open door and had to evade several items of clothing - some of which were actually his - to get back to her bed. Even though it was the middle of summer, she could feel an undeniable chill in the air. She was certain it had nothing to do with the actual weather though. Something made her wake up from her reverie and she was quite certain she wouldn't be able to fall back asleep until she figured it out. Thankfully, though, he was still asleep. He did, however, look troubled, which was particularly alarming. From his position on one side of her bed, Hermione could see that he was restless. Just in the time she'd been in the bathroom, he'd managed to tangle himself up in the sheets, his arms snaking under several pillows and his t-shirt riding up to reveal the muscles of his back. And his scars. Hermione didn't want to look but she couldn't help it. In the dim light of the moon shining through her window, he looked almost angelic. If it were not for his furrowed brow and the dark circles under his eyes, she might have thought the sight before her wasn't real. Even some few weeks into their living arrangements, she couldn't quite wrap her head around the fact that he was indeed in her bed . She yawned silently, which prompted her to climb back into bed, careful not to upset the firm mattress too much. Waking him up was not an option. Thankfully, he didn't stir as she shifted and settled into position, her back to him. Sometimes, she wished he would drape a hand over her and pull her towards him, just for the human contact while they both slept. She didn't want to admit that it was the type of comfort she needed. Not when he was also recovering the only way he knew how. Even so, he usually remained on his side of the bed, whether they were in her bedroom or in the room in which he slept. Every night since his arrival, without fail, one of them found his or her way to the other's bed. It was just an understanding that they had. At least until the nightmares stopped. If they ever did. Hermione heard him shift and she desperately tried to clear her mind as if her thoughts were too loud for him. What an absurd thought! She almost chuckled at how ridiculous she was being. Of course he would shift. He was restless. Remember, Hermione, it has nothing to do with you. She tried, once more, to recall the reason she had woken up. There was no dream that she remembered and she was not about to chalk it down to sheer coincidence. She was tired. She could feel it, not only in her body but also in her entire existence. It just felt like so much work having to exist now that the war was over. Now she had decisions to make and people to consider. And, somehow, she had to become a normal human being once more. If she'd ever been one. As it stood, she was failing dismally. Well, so was he. But that would have been expected. Hermione's atrocities seemed minimal compared to his and she wouldn't for a second try to understand what he went through. Though, it really was comforting knowing that she wasn't alone in the struggle to find her place in the world once more, or ever. Hermione closed her eyes, trying to will herself to sleep. She had to get some rest. They had a full day waiting for them when the sun came up and the last thing he needed was for her to be tired and irritable, which, still, was considerable better than feeling empty. That was what he said he sometimes felt, which usually broke her heart before she conceded that she sometimes felt the same way. A mental healer from St Mungo's even mentioned his concern at the fact that two recovering PTSD patients were living together, completely away from the magical world, but neither cared. They would survive with each other, as they had done for the previous seven years. The healer had to understand that. Minutes past and Hermione couldn't feel sleep coming to claim her. She felt caged, as if her own consciousness was trying to keep her awake so she could work through whatever reason there was for her being awake. She shut her eyes tighter, thinking back to the moment she did wake up. It hadn't been sudden. In fact, her eyes had fluttered open. That never happened. She normally woke with a start from some terrible nightmare or she was shaken awake by the owner of the body beside her. Nevertheless, waking up wasn't easy for her. So what was so different about tonight? She worked her way back through the events of the night, picking at significant and insignificant moments, dissecting her interactions with him and her little chat with a lady at the grocery store in the afternoon. She had to know it was somehow linked to him. Wasn't it always? Carefully, Hermione turned in her position so she could look at him. He looked older, like the war had aged him considerably, and there was no trace of the teenager he was supposed to be. The truth was she didn't feel much like a teenager either. They were more than that now. They were child soldiers who had managed, by some miracle, to survive. She was tempted to reach out and touch him, just to make sure he really was there and it wasn't just her mind playing tricks on her. This was the boy whose entire existence currently mirrored her own. Losing him was not an option, as it had never been. She closed her eyes again, choosing rather to focus on the sound of him, the feel of him. He was breathing lightly, almost silently. She could also smell him. His scent was all over her bed, even swimming through the air of her bedroom. Not that she minded. Everything about him managed to keep her calm. Hermione forced herself not to think about the reason she was awake. Clearing her mind was something the mental healer from St Mungo's had recommended. The boy beside her had actually chuckled at the thought of Hermione Granger clearing her mind. He claimed it was impossible. Hermione hated to admit that it was true. So, she focused her mind on him. She thought about the trip they took as soon as the war was over. She thought about the devastation she felt at the truth of her parents, and she thought about the first night he'd held her until she fell asleep in his bed. It was then that she realised that her recovery was tied to his. Somehow, they would make it through all of it, together. Somehow. Finally, after what felt like hours, Hermione felt the sleep creeping up on her. She allowed it and, all at once, she fell into unconscious. The sleep was quiet, which was strange. She felt calm, as well as anxious. Very strange. Before she knew it, her eyes were open again and the sunlight was shining in, merely a spotlight on the fact that she was alone. She knew he was probably somewhere in the house but it didn't stop the rising panic in her chest. She climbed out of bed, not even bothering to check herself in the mirror and went in search of him. Hermione heard sounds coming from the kitchen and, for a split second, her mind thought that she would walk in to see her parents going about their normal morning rituals. She had to stop walking on the stairs, the remembrance of the truth of her life all too much for her. She caught her breath, thinking of something positive. Like the boy in the kitchen. She found him standing with his back to her, his attention fully on the toaster on the counter in front of him. Hermione actually smiled at the sight of him almost willing the bread to toast that much faster. "Hey," she sounded, sounding particularly breathless. He turned sharply, his eyes settling on her and softening. Hermione forced herself not to notice the way his hand tightened around the butter knife he was holding. It was never a good idea to surprise war veterans. He gave her a halfhearted smile. "Sorry. Did I wake you?" By being gone, yes. "No," she said, stepping towards him. His eyes drifted over her body as if he was studying her, making sure nothing new had happened. Hermione was used to it. He'd started doing it well before the war was over. It came from a place of pure love and worry, she was sure. And perhaps guilt. He had it in his mind that every terrible thing that happened to her was his fault, which she had to vehemently assure him wasn't actually the case. The boy could be stubborn. "Do you want some toast?" he offered once he deemed her physical body to resemble that of the previous day. "Or I can make some eggs?" Hermione knew this was how he kept himself occupied. Really, anything goes when you're trying not to think of the fallen. "If I recall correctly, I'm the one who's supposed to be offering you breakfast today of all days. Even in bed. You're just ruining it for me." He smiled a real smile at her. "Well, you took too long. I'm starving." Hermione felt quite relieved by that. He'd been quite subdued the night before, mentioning that he was dreading this day above all. She fully understood but it was heartening to see that he seemed to accept that the actual day was going to occur. Taking a few quick strides, Hermione was able to crush him in one of her signature hugs, causing him to drop the knife he was holding. His arms slipped around her waist and she felt his body relax in her hold. This was what they did for each other. "Happy birthday, Harry," she whispered in his ear, before she released him. From the slightly dazed look on his face, Hermione felt a bit embarrassed. She stepped back. "I'm going to get ready, okay? Save me some toast." She turned on her heel and