Title : Mitternacht Rating : T Cast: Erestor, Elrond, Elladan, Elrohir, OC Disclaimer: I own no-one from The Lord Of The Rings. All the characters and place names displayed belong to JRR Tolkien. I do not intend to, nor am I making any financial gain from the writing of this story. Feedback: Yes please! Summary : Midnight Lake of Imladris featured in the legends and tales of old, but it only took one young elf to discover the truth. Chapter 1 'Brother, come on ! We're already late!' Elrohir pulled the pillow over his head at his brother's anxious words and groaned. Erestor's Sindarin lessons were always so early in the morning. Merciful Eru! Was it completely necessary to commence learning before dawn? Suddenly, the door swung open and Elladan came striding into the room, his dark hair flying behind him. In one swift movement, Elladan yanked the covers from his brother's bed and flung the curtains open. Elrohir complained loudly as the pink morning light pooled onto his pillow and his face. He covered his face with his arms in an attempt to shield himself from the unwelcome brightness. 'Not fair play, Elladan Peredil!' he moaned. 'I never had you marked as a sadist!' Elladan chuckled to see his brother in such annoyance with the world. 'Ah, Elrohir,' he grinned, 'it's for the best. You know that.' With that, Elladan moved quickly to the bed, grasped his brother's legs and swung him around so his feet were flat on the icy floor. Elrohir mumbled, but did not fight. He may complain, but he knew better than to skive off any of Erestor's lectures. Elrohir washed and dressed quickly, gathered up his quill and ink and was soon rushing down the corridors, Elladan close at his heels. After what felt like an age, they skidded to a halt outside Erestor's study and Elladan rapped smartly upon the door. When there came no reply, the young elf cautiously opened the door and peered inside. The room was completely dark, save for the little light coming in through the door. A half burnt candle stood charred upon the desk top along with several quills and rolls of parchment. ' El' began Elladan looking back at his brother, 'please don't kill me'. 'What?' Elrohir pushed forward and upon seeing the state of the room he groaned loudly. 'You fool! Erestor's not even here!' 'I must've got the days mixed up' replied Elladan sheepishly, 'Sorry.' 'Sorry?' Elrohir repeated quietly, '…You got me out of bed for nothing you orc!' Elladan smirked. 'Well, at least there's one consolation. You get more of the day to enjoy.' Elrohir glared at him. 'I'd rather have had more of the day to sleep! Do you have any idea what time I got to bed last night?' 'No…' 'Let's just say it was well after midnight! May Elbereth save us all from your stupidity!' With that, Elrohir stormed down the corridor, leaving his brother staring dumbfounded after him. What with catching up on sleep being impossible now, Elrohir decided to go down to the end of the gardens just to sit and be by himself. The morning was beautiful indeed. Crisp and cool with a slight frost covering the ground, as he walked, Elrohir caught sight of his own breath streaming out in front of him. He reached the entrance to the water gardens in a matter of minutes. A tall gate of intricately decorated iron stood there, guarding the doorway. Growing either side were dewy pink roses, and here and there streams of ivy sprang up, twisting and spiraling elegantly around the gate. As Elrohir stood there, gazing forward into the tree lined paths, he heard the soft singing of water flowing smooth over stones, and his heart skipped and was glad. High above, the morning chorus of birds drifted through the marbled sky and echoed throughout the valley. He lifted the latch, causing the gate to creak slightly and then closing it behind him, he made his way down the cool paths towards the centre of the gardens where he may sit and be alone. The heavenly scent of the fauna that grew here in abundance tantalized his sense of smell, and finally, Elrohir rounded a corner and arrived at his favourite place in the whole of Imladris. A circular clearing in the many paths held an ornamental silver fountain. The lower half depicted a young deer and its mother drinking from the pool, and the upper level held two elven minstrels, completely engrossed in their music whilst water sprang from their delicate flutes. Elrohir sat and closing his eyes, took in the scents and the sounds of the various gardens around him, relaxing with a contented sigh. His peace however, was not to remain undisturbed. There came a low, long drawn out whistle and Elrohir eyes snapped open in surprise. At first, he was sure he had imagined it and closed his eyes again. But only seconds later, he heard it once more and got to his feet, looking around for what could have possibly made such an odd noise. Certainly no bird held that strange voice… Curious, he strained his ears as the strange whistling continued and finally, made his decision to take the path to his left that led to the very back of the gardens.. Brushing the overhanging branches of ivy out of the way, Elrohir slowly picked his way down the path, his eyes and ears alert for any other sound or movement. Still, the whistling continued, never growing louder or quieter, just staying at one steady pace. Then, quite suddenly as Elrohir turned a corner, the whistling stopped abruptly. Elrohir stood frozen to the spot, looking wildly around. Was this someone's idea of a prank? 'Elladan Peredil?' he called out, his voice echoing dismally, 'if that's you, I swear I'll strangle you!' No answer. 'Brother?' Elrohir's voice was quieter this time and shook a little with suppressed nervousness. Still no answer. Elrohir dampened his lips slightly, for in his shock they had grown quite dry. With a shrug, he continued down the path towards the lake in the hope of finding out where the whistling had come from. However, he soon found himself facing a dead end in the hedgerows and frowning, he resigned to giving up. Leaning against the hedge for a moment, he rubbed his temples in his confusion…then with a yell of surprise, stumbled backwards through the hedge, falling on his backside. Groaning in discomfort, he looked up at where he had just fallen, and to his surprise, saw that a gate had been hidden in the dense foliage. Wincing, he got to his feet, and gasped. He seemed to have steered himself right into a hidden clearing. And in the centre of the clearing sat a small lake. In the morning light, the still waters shimmered with an almost silvery glow and a faint mist hovered over the surface. But it was not that which had startled him most. At the opposite side of the lake was a small female elfling, reading a small book and whistling a merry little tune. Her dress was almost translucent beige and her complexion was oddly pale. Beside her, slept a small puppy and in Elrohir's viewing, it could be no older than a month or so, and the elfling fondled it affectionately. Elrohir decided their paleness must be due to the water's reflection. Though, even as he stood there, neither the elfling nor her dog seemed to notice his presence. 'Excuse me?' he called, and immediately, the elfling looked up, wide eyed and evidentially startled. Then, as she realized she was in no danger, her expression softened. 'Hello, sir' she replied with a small smile. 'Why are you over there by yourself?' Elrohir continued. 'Surely your parents shall be worried.' The elfling shook her head sadly. 'No, sir, I have no parents. ' Elrohir raised a brow in concern. 'Then who looks after you?' Again, the elfling shook her head. 'No one, sir. I take care of myself right enough.' Elrohir could not believe his ears. An elfling as young as she could not possibly be expected to take care of herself. Surely someone must know her and take care of her. Or if they did not, their father should certainly be aware of her presence. Tight-lipped with concern, Elrohir posed his next question. 'But where do you live?' There was a short bark as the puppy finally awoke and realised the new company. Glaring, it backed away behind the elfling and sat there, staring intently at Elrohir. The young elf felt himself becoming more and more bewildered by the minute. It could not be right for this elfling to be alone. She needed to be taken care of - provided for. Still, he waited patiently for her answer to his previous question. 'I live wherever I please, sir'. Quite suddenly, the elfling stopped speaking and her eyes narrowed at Elrohir. 'Sir. I cannot see you properly in that shadow, and it is terribly difficult to talk to someone who I cannot see.' Guessing her meaning, though slightly disconcerted by her eloquent speech and narrowed gaze, Elrohir stepped forward. Her expression softened at once, and she patted the ground beside her. 'Sir, would you keep me company for a while? It gets awfully lonely out here sometimes, even with him always nearby.' She gestured vaguely at the puppy. Well, it could not hurt, Elrohir supposed. With a nod and smile, he moved around the lake and seated himself beside the elfling. As he approached, he felt a shiver down his spine. For a few brief moments, he stared out at the water and finally spoke up again. 'So … what's your name?' She gave a little gasp. 'I apologize, sir. My name is Nessa. What is yours?' 'Elrohir' he replied. 'Elrohir Peredil.' Nessa blinked and her lips turned upwards in a strangely cunning smile. 'Peredil' she repeated softly. 'Does your dark hair run in the family?' A puzzled look crossed Elrohir's face as he digested the question. 'I guess so' he replied slowly, 'Why?' Suddenly, Nessa's face broke into a wide happy grin. 'May I touch it?' she requested politely. 'I have never touched Peredil hair before, though I have been told it is the fairest for many ages.' Though ordinarily, Elrohir would have refused such a request, but considering it came from a small elfling, he felt obliged to allow her what she wished. With a gentle smile, Elrohir nodded his agreement. 'Of course you may' he said. Unfortunately, he remembered the trademark elfling touch on hair and recalled it was none too gentle. He prepared himself for the inevitable pain of the yanking of strands – it never came. Looking down, Elrohir noted Nessa softly running a clump over her palms and fingertips, smiling as she did so. Eventually, she released the hair, sat back and gazed towards the warming sky. 'We shall wash now morning is here' she declared. 'Guests first.' Though he had already had washed earlier, because of his brother's inane wake-up call, it had not been nearly adequate for a morning wash. Glad of Nessa's invitation, Elrohir bent low over the lake, cupped his palms and began to splash the glistening liquid over his face. Instantly, it cooled and refreshed him and he began to feel a lot less grimy. 'That was very nice' he said, raising his head… Glancing around, Elrohir realised the elfling and her dog were no where to be seen. He scrambled to his feet, frantically looking for any trace of either of them. 'Nessa?' he called, his brow furrowed, 'where are you? Nessa!' Suddenly, a spluttering noise from caught his attention and he instinctively looked to the lake. What he saw made his throat run dry. In the middle of the water was Nessa. She was paddling frantically at the water, but the lake was too deep and every