If anyone is interested in helping me with this lemme know. I dont have the best track record with keeping up with my fics. and my grammar is garbage. designer garbage like me This couldn't be happening. I absolutely refuse. I will not have anything to do with this. Nu-uh. Nope. I completely reject this. I abolish it. "They look so alike." A large blob, who apparently was my mother, dabbed my nose with her pointer finger. A deeper voice chuckled,"They should. They are identical." That would be my father. In his arms was my little sister. Or rather, what I hoped just happened to be a name coincidence that two parents made. I sincerely hoped my new parents were just trashy teen book fans who happened to have the same names as the main characters parents. Charlie and Renee . Please let them just be nerds. Lord Almighty Above, please let them just be book fanatics who like a cruel joke. Maybe it was just bad luck. They were common names right? Isabella and Jesus fucking Christ , they named me Gabriella . Gabriella motherfucking HELEN goddamn Swan. Why my sister gets a cute ass name and I get stuck with this fucking atrocity, please let me know. Not knocking on those cute lil' grannies with those names, but it is 2016, thank you. Wait.. Is it even 2016 anymore? Wasn't she born in the 80's? Oh no. Please. Throw anything you want at me, anyone. Anything but DIAL-UP INTERNET! I'm getting flashbacks of the horrid noise the computer made connecting to the phone line. R.I.P. my ears. I was born in the 90's, I already went through the hellish styles of 2000-2005, I can't do it again. I'm going to die here. I died once, I can do it again. "Awww look, Gabby makes the same face you do." Renee cooed. Charlie coughed,"I don't look like that." My new mom threw her head back and I swear her laugh reminded me of wind chimes. "Yeah, you do. I've seen that face so many times!" That's right. I had died, haven't I? The details were off a bit. I think I was..attacked? Yeah. I was walking with.. my dog? Yes. I had just gotten fired from work that day, I can't remember why for the life of me. After going back to my studio apartment, Bourbon needed to go out so we went for a walk. We had gotten three blocks down and then- I was jumped. I can remember a man jumping out at me, the frightening sight of a knife, Bourbon was snarling- I had died. I had died trying to keep a stranger from stabbing my pitbull. I remember his cold blue eyes and the smell of alcohol on his stank ass breath. I could feel my face scrunching up, I was getting really upset. Oh no, no no nonononono. I will not- "Whhaaa-aaa!" I shit you not. I started crying. This little body's emotions were getting the best of me. I started bawling, the reality of this situation as making itself known. Renee gasped,"Oh! Gabby!" She began rocking me, trying to calm her baby down. But I wasn't her baby was I? Bella started crying too. At least I wasn't in this alone. I think it has been a month or two since then. Since I have been unexpectedly added to this story as what I hope not a main character. Who am I kidding, I better hope I'm not a fucking Mary Sue. From what I've been hearing, I was a little surprise. Only one baby was expected, further confirming whomever or whatever is watching me has a sick sense of humor. My parents were happy that they didn't have to fight over which of their mothers got the honor of having a baby named after them. Speaking of my new parents, there has been trouble in paradise lately. Maybe. I don't know. Charlie has been working very late nearly everyday, I think. It's hard to tell. I'm always sleeping or eating, and it is hard to stay awake sometimes. When I was awake, I was busy inspecting my surroundings, as well as my new sister. Bella had normal baby behavior. I think. I've never been around babies before. I now know, that this was a crazy ass situation. How I know for sure? Well, on one of the few days that Charlie was home, he had a few of his friends come over to meet his twins. Billy Black, Harry Clearwater, and Quil Ateara the I-don't-know-which-one-because-I-never-found-out-how-to-read-roman-numerals. I think he was suppose to be baby Quil's dad. The dude was never really mentioned from what I remember of the books, but I do think he could have been Embry's dad. It was either him, Harry, Billy, or some other kid's dad. Watching them interact from the sling strapped to my father's front, laughing at shitty Dad Jokes, I think it was either Quil's dad, or Sam's dad. From the way Quil talks about his wife, I hope it was Sam's dad. "Well look at you!" The stout one cackled. I think that was Quil? I wouldn't be able to tell. My vision is still shit and I have nearly no control of my neck because I have a big ass bobble head. Currently, Charlie had me strapped to his front, Bella to his back. "This one is very cute Charlie." I think it was Harry, he leaned in and stroked my head gently. Charlie laughed. "You guys know what cuter than one baby?" He slowly turned around. "Two babies!" I think Bella fell asleep. She seemed to sleep like a rock at this point. Or maybe she was awake. Bella was a very quiet baby. Billy thought it was funny. "Haha! This one is cute too! Luckily for me, Rachel and Rebecca are fraternal. Good luck telling these two beauties apart." I heard some rustling, though I guess it was hard to pay attention. Harry was trying to keep my attention with something brightly colored, and damn it all it was working. Sooner or later, both me and my sister were taken out of the slings. I swear we were hot potatoes by the way the adults were passing us around. I did make an interesting discovery. Billy was walking. He was very tall with long legs that went for miles. He had long, shiny, black hair that Bella had an obsession with. She kept grabbing at it, immersed in the locks. I can see where Jacob got it from. Er- Will get it from. Pretty sure Billy only has a set of twins at this point. I thought this dude was in a wheelchair? I was never too sure how exactly he ended up in one. Didn't he have diabetes? It's weird. The way they just happily bantered with each other. Like they didn't know how Renee will break Charlie in about a month. I felt resentment towards my mother. I've heard her speaking to her mother, my grandmother, on the phone. I've never met Marie Higginbotham, but she sure sounded like a grade A stone cold bitch to Renee. Gran Marie did not like dad. I could hear her putting mom down and pressuring her to 'come back home.' Even though she's constantly putting Mom down..? Then again, she knows mom. I quickly developed mixed feelings about it. Renee was showing signs of depression, along with that anxiety. She wasn't happy. Mom has been.. droopy, so to say. She looks like she should be living on the coast in Florida eating fro-yo and doing Yoga every Wednesday. The rainy and cloudy nature of this town was wearing her down. She tried to paint the kitchen cabinets a bright sunshine yellow. I didn't really like Renee in the books, but seeing this first hand was a completely different story. Renee was miserable here. She loved Charlie, she loved Bella, she loved me- She hated this town. She hated how cold it was here, she hated how the sun never shined, and most of all; Renee hated the people in this small town. The people in this town were poisonous to others who did not fit into their standards. They didn't like how this out-of-town hippy snapped up one fine upstanding young man who had everything going for him. She had trapped him. They even had the gall to imply that Bella and I weren't even his. Mom wanted to leave this place and wanted dad to go with her. He was taking care of both as his parents, whose health was steadily declining. Charlie couldn't leave. I can feel the anger deep in my belly. I guess Bella could too. She cried more. Renee did too when she thought we were sleeping. I knew this was coming. I hoped it never would, but I've learned hoping does nothing. I'm an infant. What could I have done? What has happened you may ask? Renee finally snapped. That's what happened. Renee had finally had enough of this shitty hateful town named after an eating utensil. "Renee please !" "Charlie, I can't!" She sobbed, shoving baby bottles in a diaper bag. "It didn't work out, okay? I really, really hate Forks!" Her and Charlie had fought and Renee started packing up things. No, that isn't true. They've been fighting for a while. I guess there had been rumors of infidelity circling around and they were taking a toll on Charlie. Charlie already knew about the rumors, but one could only hear so much before lies can get inside and mess with their head. I know that well. But Dad had done something wrong. He asked my mom if the rumors were true. That was the breaking point for Mom. Even though she was living in a town she couldn't stand, she would stay because her loyal husband stood by her side to keep her head above water. For him to even ask her that even though he knows about all the shit flying around.. I don't know what possessed him to even question her. Sure, Mom was an air-head. She forgot things. She was insensitive sometimes, a bit selfish at times, and others she didn't really know what to do. But she would never cheat on Charlie, she loved him so much it made me nauseated. However, she loved her babies so much more. Bella was sleeping in her pink car seat next to my yellow one Our seats were perched on the coffee table. I was wide awake watching my distressed father try to convince my fed up mother stay. It was too much for them. They loved each other, I could tell that for sure. They were so head over heels for the other, yet one couldn't stand it here. I was in full view of it all unfolding in front of me. This is making me strangely reminiscent of my past life. Only, my first father was making my first mom leave, this one was trying to get my second mom to stay. In my past life, I can remember at a young age my father making my mother leave because she was caught stealing his medication. I'm pretty sure she was a pill popper. They also fought over the stupidest shit. I couldn't tell you how many times the police were called. THUD Renee was done packing. She had already carried almost everything to the old beige van,basically slamming the back hatches shut. All that was left was Bella and I. Renee rushed back, her hands shaking. She was practically clutching the handles to our car seats. "Please." Charlie could hardly choke the word out. "Don't break up our family. Don't take my babies, please. " His normal deep voice cracked. I've never heard him sound like that before. Charlie loved all of us so damn much. Even though he was always working, he did it for us. Charlie tried so hard