"Meleth-nin," Celebrian called. Little footsteps shadowed her silent entrance, though Elrond did not see his daughter's head. She seemed to have taken to running about the same time as she learned to walk. "Have you made any progress?" "Some progress," he sighed and rose to take Celebrian's hand. "Though I think the new normal will be being ever behind on things, much to the Council's chagrin." "Surely, they have taken over some of the duties." Celebrian smiled and kissed him. "You are tired, Meleth. Are you sure you would not rather rest?" Elrond held her cheek lovingly after their prolonged kiss. He willed strength to her through their bond. In their folly, they believed one child would be so much easier than two! "Ada! Ada!" Tiny hands pulled at his leg then hugged him. "Up! Up!" He bent down, and Arwen giggled gleefully and jumped up to wrap her arms around his neck. "I need a little time away with other adults. Planning next week's feast will seem as a walk in the park." Celebrian stooped to kiss her daughter's check and admonished. "I will be back soon. Listen to your Adar." "Ada! Ada!" Arwen's voice was loud enough to cause her Adar to grimace. "What is it, my Undómiel?" Elrond turned his full smile towards the lovely toddler. To think that she had only been a part of his life for a year! His heart nearly burst with joy when he looked at her. She was perfect. "Featter, Ada." She pointed. "I draw!" Her speech was a little behind the other elflings at her age, but further along than the twins had been. Celebrian took it all in stride, calling it 'the mysterious ways of her beloved peredhil.' "This feather is too big for you." He tried not to laugh at her audible disappointment. "I draw." Arwen insisted as she reached upwards. Her eyes were focused on the feather quill in Elrond's hand. Elrond grimaced as he remembered what Arwen had done the last time she had gotten hold of the expensive quill, crushing the hollow shaft and screeching as it cut her finger. Blood and ink had mixed together much to Elrond's horror. The memory caused him to place his quill down safely in the center of his large desk far away from ever curious, grasping little fingers. He picked up several sheets of parchment, discarded either due too errors or as rough drafts of things already revised. Parchment was expensive and took long to make. Surely, they could design a better process if time permitted. Still, Arwen was so happy to write on parchment for she loved when her Adar hung the finished work in her bedroom. Things drawn and written on her small wax board were quickly erased never to reappear. Elrond smiled at his daughter's joyful cry at spotting the parchment. "I write. I draw." She moved to get the charcoal sticks from her special box on the low table. "Yes, you can write today." Elrond sat down on the floor. Little Arwen put the box of charcoal pencils on the table with all the care a toddler could muster then climbed happily on his lap. "What would you like to draw?" "Cirkul Ada!" Arwen exclaimed. "Cirkul." "Shall we make circles today?" Elrond corrected her gently. "Yes yes! Circles." Elrond smiled at her enthusiasm and then put the charcoal to paper and drew a circle as large as Arwen's hand. "Make circle sound, Ada!" "Shall we do it together?" Elrond adjusted Arwen's small hand to grip the charcoal stick as if it were the delicate quill. Then he guided her hand in a circle as they both made a sound of 'whoop'. Arwen's voice was much louder than her Adar's. "I think you can do it on your own, my Undómiel." Elrond watched with a smile as Arwen drew big circles and little circles. Little 'whooping' noises accompanied those that she concentrated hard on. Her brow furled slightly as she worked. "You are improving!" Elrond praised and added truthfully. "I have never seen so many circles on one parchment." "More circles. More circles." Arwen muttered as she continued to try to find places to fit the circles. Her hand was not precise. Some circles intersected others, while some looked more like cylinders or triangles. Elrond rubbed her tiny back lovingly to calm her when she began to show signs of frustration. "Shall we go get a snack of strawberries?" Elrond tried distraction first. "No Ada! More cirkul!" She reached for a fresh page. Her eyes clearly saw the imperfections of her figures. "Want more. More!" He pointed at one of the circles in the left corner. "This one looks lovely. You have drawn many good ones Arwen." "More!" She pushed the used sheet away and tried to grab a new one. "Alright, Arwen let us do a few more together." He moved to guide her hand for a few more circles. But she was already pushing his hand away after the first one was complete. "Draw circles." She stated emphatically using the correct pronunciation. Elrond watched her curiously. This daughter of his was surprisingly forceful and strong-willed. He looked into her fëa, sensing joy, determination and to his surprise pain! Immediately, he wished to take away any pain and reached out with his senses to focus on the melody of her fëa. It held three voices – one elven strong, one bright and seeking from the edain and then one nearly quiet and dormant but deep and powerful belying its miniscule presence. Its notes sparked a memory from deep within him. His Naneth had comforted him in such a situation. He closed his eyes and willed the memory to the front of his mind. " Listen to my song, ion-nin." A loving voice called to him slicing through his discomfort. His hands ached with a deep pulsing pain. Delicate long fingers caressed his tiny ones. "Elrond, little one, we need to help the melodies of our spirit sing in harmony. Listen, little one." The beautiful silver eyes of his Nana looked down on him with love. He barely remembered the tune let alone the words, but he hummed the few bars that he could recall as he lifted his tiny treasured daughter into his arms. "Shh, my little Gwilwileth (butterfly), my treasure." He swung the crying child up and kissed her head. Tiny yet strong fingers wove their way into his left braid. "Dear heart can you hear my song?" He hummed and sang a word or two that burst into his mind. Arwen's sobs hitched at the words, then quieted, as he gently massaged her back not much bigger than his hand. He twirled around slightly, the movement distracted Arwen momentarily. It was enough for him to repeat his directions. "Close your eyes, little Gwilwileth. Can you imagine your spirit dancing to my song?" He hummed the tune more steadily now as he picked up Arwen's small cloak and walked out the door. Perhaps, it was more his own creation, for he remembered little from his Naneth's words. Elves smiled as they passed, any question they might have had for their Lord stayed by his gentle humming and the little bundle in his arms. He descended the back staircase and stepped out into the garden. It was a brisk early spring day. He eased the cloak around Arwen, who had ceased sobbing but was still tense in his arms. "Do you hear how the trees welcome us?" He whispered as he cuddled her close. "My tree." Arwen requested. Her voice a mere whisper against her Ada's neck. "Of course, dear heart." Elrond bent his thoughts to aid his daughter through their bond then began humming again. Thinking back, he recalled two similar episodes his sons had experienced in their early years, none of which seemed to last as long as what Arwen currently experienced. Perhaps, their sibling bond had helped ease these transitions? Not for the first time did Elrond lament his lack of kin, for there remained no one to ask advice on such things. Apart from him and his children, no one remained in these lands who held heritage of the Maiar. Elrond thought of Maglor and his healing songs. Memory sparked of an ancient lullaby, and he began to sing as he walked through the garden. Arwen immediately quieted as her Ada's rich tenor rose in song. Squirrels stopped their chattering to listen as spring green leaves swayed to the sweet melody. A black-capped chickadee seeking twigs for her nest halted her endeavors to embellish the song with a two-note whistle. Elrond tried to point the bird out to Arwen, but his little treasure was still obviously in pain and sucked her thumb. Instead, he continued his song and adjusted his gate to add a gentle swaying motion to sooth her. The one mallorn in Imladris rustled with delight at their approach. Celebrian and he had planted the seed and nurtured the tree together several years before the twins were conceived. Truly, it was a slow growing tree and only now large enough to climb. " Your seedling is in distress." The Mallorn fretted. " Yes, dear friend, I thought our songs might sooth her." At Elrond's revelation, the Mallorn immediately added its deep voice to the harmony. Elrond bent and sat at the tree's base as their song rose and fell and finally morphed into a healing song. Gradually all the tension seeped away from Arwen, who now lay peaceful in his arms, her head cuddled snuggly against his neck. Quietly and carefully, he checked her spirit, which now rested with its intricate strains in breathtaking harmony. A distant chime cajoled him to rise. " All better now?" The Mallorn asked. " Yes, I dearly thank you for your help. This spot never fails to sooth her." " She is a child of the trees." The Mallorn laughed. "It will be good to have her swing from my branches." " It is still a few years until then." Elrond smiled as he sang goodbye. He looked down on his little cherub. A small streak of charcoal was yet on her cheek. "I suppose we should wash you up before going up for dinner." He muttered but did not have the heart to wake her. She slept until they reached the washroom. "Time to wake dear heart. Are you feeling better? " He gently coaxed. She stretched and yawned. Her silver eyes were cloudy with sleep but she nodded and gave a little smile. "Do you need to go to the bathroom?" She shook her head but spoke no words, a sure sign that she was tired. Yet, they were running late. So he wet a washcloth and gently cleaned her hands and face. Then he smiled soothingly and picked her up again. "Come dear heart, let us go see your Nana." He settled her against his hip so she could see more as they traversed the path that led to the Great Hall. Indeed, everyone was seated and tureens of soup and plates of bread were already out on the tables. They must have missed the blessings because people were already serving themselves. "Good evening my Lord and you little Lady." Councilor Merwen greeted them as they passed. Arwen shyly hid her head against her Adar's chest. Elrond returned Merwen's greeting and others as well then stepped over to their table, leaning over to kiss Celebrian before slipping into his seat. Celebrian poured him a glass of wine and carefully set it out of Arwen's reach. "Adar, you look exhausted." Elrohir gaped. He rarely saw his father look anything less than impeccable. His clothing was rumpled, and his cheeks were lightly flushed. Yes, there were even telltale lines under his joyfully glowing eyes. Arwen was happily occupied with her Adar's left braid. Already strands of his dark hair wafted unkempt around him. "Perhaps you are out of shape. You should