Just this morning, they were all still here. All the lumbering idiots, all the intelligent wunderkinds, all the pratty smart-arses. All of them. And now, their unmoving bodies lay scattered among the ashen remains of the once-great castle of Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. Amidst it all, Draco Malfoy stood, arms folded about himself, shivering despite the flames that continued to lick at his feet. Drawing in a startled breath, he stepped back, stumbling over a dead student and scrambling over a pile of smoldering books, trying to get away from the chaos that surrounded him. He stared, wide-eyed with fear at a body that had been brutally ripped, limb-from-limb. He smacked his hands over his mouth to suppress the bile that rose in his throat, averting his eyes and stumbling away. There was so much… death. Everywhere. All around him. He couldn't escape it. It was consuming him, becoming him. "Malfoy! You're alive!" Draco turned so sharply he became dizzy and had to sit down, hiding his face behind his hands, panting, fear pulsing through him. "Are you hurt?" Hermione asked, kneeling in front of him. "Don't touch me!" he cried, pushing her hands away. Hermione's face hardened. "Now's not the time to be worried about blood, Malfoy." "No! That's not it, it was never about blood! But now it is! Look at it, it's everywhere! Everywhere…" His eyes held a wild look that frightened Hermione. "Just calm down." She murmured, keeping her eyes locked on the only soul that she could find that was still alive. Draco Malfoy. He was right now the only thing keeping her from going mad. She had spent the past five hours climbing through the rubble and despairing that the rest of the world had been killed, and she was the sole survivor. And though Malfoy's company was… undesirable at the best of times, at least now she was no longer alone. Hermione watched in carefully concealed shock as Draco broke down, tears streaming down his cheeks as his eyes darted wildly about, his body rocking with sobs. Nowhere he looked was clean. There was filth and death everywhere. The floor was burnt and covered in blood, the walls were caved in and bodies lay strewn about like ragdolls and it sickened him to the very core. How had this happened? No. He wanted to suppress the memory. It was too horrifying. "Come on, we need to get out of here before it collapses." Hermione murmured, gently pulling the fragile blonde to his feet. He allowed himself to be drawn out of the building, flinching every time he accidentally saw a pair of dead eyes, a face frozen in terror or a mouth hanging open in an endless scream. Worse was all three on the same face. He flinched when he heard stone crumble and fall, and Hermione grabbed his arm, making him run. They burst out of the building an instant before more of the ceiling collapsed, hiding its secrets inside forever as it blocked the entrance. "Oh my god, you're alive!" A voice called, and Hermione squinted to see through the settling dust. "Ron!" Ron came into view, carrying his limp sister. "Oh my god, Ginny…" "She's fine, just got hit by a rock." Ron murmured, looking down at his sister with worry in his eyes. He glanced at Draco, who hung behind Hermione, his arms drawn to his chest, eyes still frantically darting about. "Is Malfoy… okay?" Hermione glanced back at him. "I think he's just in shock." She replied quietly, moving to grab the boy's arm and pull him forward. He flinched away from her, saw the humanity behind her eyes, then relaxed and let her lead him on. The small group of survivors made their way across the castle grounds, getting as far away as possible in case one of the towers fell. By this time, Draco had regained his composure, and was doing his very best to keep to himself. He purposely walked behind the others, even though he caught himself edging closer to them from time-to-time, and always snapped a rude comment at Hermione when she turned to make sure he was still following them. "Let's stop here." She murmured, picking a spot where there was still a little grass, and there was less rubble. Ron set down his sister, gently pushing back a lock of her orange hair from her dirty face. Hermione instantly sat down next to her friend, examining her for injuries. "Nasty blow to the head, I hope she'll be alright…" Hermione murmured, muttering a few spells to make sure Ginny wasn't in danger of dying. Truthfully, she didn't know any spells to fix internal wounds. If Ginny had a concussion, there was nothing she could do to fix it. Ron glanced over at Draco, who had sat down as far away from the others as he could whilst still staying within the small clearing. He had his head in his hands and was so motionless one might be convinced he had suddenly become a statue. Ron turned back to Hermione, who had fallen asleep next to Ginny, exhausted from all that had transpired over the last several months. Ron glanced back over at Draco, sucking in a sharp breath. What if they were the only people who survived? What if the rest of the world… the wizarding world at the very least, had died? Would it be up to them to continue the magical population? Taking a deep, calming breath, Ron stood and made his way over to Draco and sat down beside him. If Draco noticed, he didn't let it on. "Malfoy," Ron murmured. "What do you want, Weasley?" Draco replied, his voice groggy and thick. He sounded as though he barely had the strength to speak. "Malfoy… we may be the only survivors. We don't know how widespread this was… I mean… he was so thorough, everything was destroyed. We may be the only ones left." Draco raised his head, looking at Ron with bloodshot eyes. "Weasley, this isn't making me feel any better-" "I'm not trying to make you feel better, Malfoy, I'm trying to tell you that we're the only ones left-" "Yes, I think you have sufficiently made your point, so what?" Draco snapped. "If we die… magical blood could become extinct." Draco flinched, eyes widening as the idea sank in. "Muggles will continue to produce muggle-borns…" He murmured, but it was a pathetic attempt at denial. "We don't know if even the muggles survived, besides, even if they did, there will be no one to teach the muggle-borns to tap into their magic, muggle-borns would produce magic accidentally with no way to learn to control it, muggles would see things we've been hiding from them for centuries, there would be mass chaos, don't you get it, Malfoy we have to keep the magical blood going!" Ron hissed. Overwhelmed again, Draco held his head in his hands, shaking fingers running through his pale hair. "I'll have to marry Hermione, and you'll… have to marry my sister." Ron muttered, not at all pleased that his sister would have to produce children with the ferret, but there was nothing else they could do. "Considering the Weaslett's… how shall I put it, red-headedness there's not a doubt in my mind she'd sooner swallow her wand than get with me, besides, Granger has more brains, and mudblood or not, I've always valued that over blood purity." "You and I both know that's not true, besides, Hermione would never go for you." "And why not?" Draco raised his head wearily, not even attempting to argue that he had indeed cared more for brains than blood. Secretly, anyway. "Because Malfoy, she's too good for you." "In what way?" "In every way, Malfoy! You can't marry Hermione!" "Why not?" "Because if you marry Hermione, all that's left for me is Ginny! Ginny's my sister!" Ron cried, then glanced at the girls and lowered his voice, not wanting to wake them. "I can't have kids with my bloody sister, Malfoy. If the magical world is to go on, you have to have kids with Ginny, and I have to have kids with Hermione, and they will have kids together and the magical population will continue gradually." "Who said I wanted to have kids?" "Malfoy! We're the last magical people, possibly even the last humans on Earth! We have to start the population over again!" "Why not just let it die out? Don't you think the world would do better without humans? All humans have ever done is throw a spanner in the works. We're cock-ups, the lot of us. We should just… die out." Ron was silent, staring at Draco for a moment. "Life must go on, Malfoy." He murmured. "How do we know we're the only survivors, anyway?" Draco suddenly asked, looking up to meet Ron's hard blue gaze. "Malfoy, everyone was killed-" "We didn't check. Did you check? I didn't." Draco suddenly stood. "I don't want to go back there." Ron told Draco's retreating back. "Someone may have survived." Draco threw over his shoulder. "Even if someone was still alive in there when we left, they'd be dead by now!" Ron called, but Draco didn't stop. Ron turned nervously to look at Hermione and Ginny's sleeping forms before running to catch up with Draco. None of them could afford to go anywhere alone, no matter what. The girls would be fine together, but he couldn't let the stubborn blonde get himself killed in the smoldering mass of rubble that Hogwarts now was. If anyone had survived, Ron would give Malfoy a kiss for saving them. If not, he would merely punch him for putting them in danger for no reason. "Malfoy, I'm not dying for you." Ron warned the blonde who remained several steps ahead of the ginger. "Noted." Since when had Slytherin become more valiant than Gryffindor? No way was Ron going to let Malfoy beat him with this bizarre bout of courage. He hurried to walk stride-for-stride with the fellow pureblood. "What if someone horrible survived, like Bellatrix or-or Voldemort?" "Voldemort is dead." Draco said with such conviction, Ron was inclined to believe him. "So who are we looking for?" "Honestly, Weasley, anyone who's alive." Draco snapped, rolling his eyes. "Right." Draco climbed over the rubble that used to be the entrance into the once-great castle, Ron following cautiously behind. Inside was mass chaos. Bodies and body-parts alike lay strewn everywhere, blood splattered every inch of every wall, floor and ceiling. The floor was caved in horribly, and it was hard to discern where a natural door was and where walls had been. "Like I said… everyone's dead." Ron murmured, sub-consciously moving closer to the blonde, staring at the body of someone he had once known. "There's less damage towards the back of the castle, let's go there." Draco murmured. "Alright, but let's not stay long? I don't want to get crushed by falling cement." The two continued on in silence, making sure to steer each other away from dangerous holes in the floor and equally dangerous debris hanging over head. The castle was eerily silent, with the occasional echo of rubble sliding and cracking. Every single body they passed was clearly dead. "Please… can we go now?" Ron begged after seeing a particularly gruesome corpse. "Hold on… do you hear that?" "I can't hear anything over the blood pounding in my ears." "Shh!" Ron shut his mouth and listened. After a moment, he heard it too. It was oh-so faint, but it did sound like someone calling for help. Were their ears only playing tricks on them? "Mind your head." Draco murmured as he slowly made his way towards the sound, the sobs getting louder as they grew closer, and soon, they found a small, shivering Neville Longbottom. "Oh of all the useless lumps…" Draco's shoulders slumped and he turned away from the pathetic sight. "Ron!" Neville cried,