This world and these characters belong to JKR of course. And as soon as the summer started it was back to the good days. Severus longed for these days. Early walks to the beach, long naps under familiar tees, books and books and books. It was as if he needed to endure the year if only to live for these days. He looked over his notebook to see that Lily has fallen asleep curled up in his sweater. She was his home. He thought of reaching out and touching her face, but decided against it, knowing it was just as wonderful to see her so peaceful. He looked back to his notebook. He couldn't help but think of different ways to channel this new magic he was learning about. The distinct power of personal magic. Something more than intention. Put your soul into the magic and the possibilities were endless. Severus noticed that the more he spent time reading about this strange and powerful form of magic, the better he was able to perceive the magic around him. He thought about the progression of how he understood the magic that flowed through his body. When he was much younger and without a wand, it seemed as if magic crackled around him all the time. He could think of doing something, and it seemed much more possible to be able to do that thing. Of course he didn't really understand how to channel his magic back then. When he finally received his wand, it was as if he now needed the wand to use magic. As if the wand were an extension of his hand, and it alone connected to his magic. More recently though he found that he could feel magic start in his mind, with his intentions. He would think of something and it was if he didn't need his wand, as if his body and mind just needed to will the magic to take action. He found that he could do magic he wasn't really invested in with his wand, magic with little intention with his wand. But then, without his want, if he willed himself hard enough, he could do it. He started this theory in the previous weeks while he was still at Hogwarts. He would sit at the Slytherin table in the Great Hall, stare at his plate, focus intently on the idea that he wanted lily to look over at him, and then look up to see if she noticed. She did the first time. She looked intently at Severus, and he smiled. She smiled back and went back to her dinner. At first he was unconvinced, assuming it much have been a coincidence. Then he started trying this only on the days she had her back to him. After the fourth time this happened at dinner she waited for him to leave the table and she followed him out of the hall. "Sev" she said. Severus quickly stopped and turned around. "Did you need to talk to me about something?" "Umm, no Lily, why do you think that" She looked hard into his face. "Liar" and she laughed. "I know you're doing something". "And how do you know that?" he replied with a smile. "Mmm, I'll tell you later" she finished with a laugh. And she walked in the opposite direction toward her next class. Severus was so excited. He wondered what she felt. How had she known. He looked over to the lovely sleeping Lily next to him. He concentrated on getting her attention and her eyes slowly opened. "Sev?" she mumbled. She blinked twice. "What's up?" Severus tilted his head. "What do you mean?" "Didn't you just tap on my shoulder?" Severus grinned. "I didn't. What did you feel?" Lily slowly sat up. She stretched her arms over her head and yawned. "Mmm, it felt like you had your hand on my shoulder, like you wanted my attention.." Lily stared at the spot on the ground next to her. Her eyes shot an amused look and she smiled. "This is the thing you kept doing to me at school! At dinner! How did you do it?" Severus gently smiled at her and took her hand. "It's weird, I just kind of focus on the thought, like I think I want to get your attention, I think of it kind of intensely, and then you look right at me". "That's so strange Sev. Like I felt a touch on my shoulder, but for some reason I knew it was you, as if it was your hand on me". Severus took the notebook off his lap and stretched his legs out. Lily took this moment to crawl over to him and sit between his legs. He wrapped his arm around her, and used his other to move her hair to one side of her neck, he rested his chin onto her now bare shoulder. She snuggled into him. He breathed in the smell of her. His Lily, sweet, with the smell of the earth on her still. This smell, the summer, the smell that had become home to him, how he longed for the summer to last forever. But for now, he would cherish every day of it, knowing it would be weeks before he would have to think of it ending. His attention snapped back to the witch in front of him as he felt a snip of pain at his wrist. "Hey!" Lily started laughing and turned to face him. "So are you going to teach me how to do that then?" She smiled brightly at him and moved up to place a small kiss on his nose. He put his hand on the side of her head. "Whatever you want to know, though I'm not sure how good I am at it yet". "Well just show me won't you" Severus moved his hands to her waist. He slowly moved his hands under her sweater. He watched as Lily slowly closed her eyes, relaxing into the feel of his hands. He took advantage of her unguarded moment and started tickling her. Lily jumped up and started laughing as Severus followed his hands which now had a mission of their own. Severus tickled her until her adorable face was as red as her hair. He finally stopped once she was pinned under him. He moved her now mussed hair out of her face. She narrowed her eyes at him, "you're mean". He smiled down at her. "No, I just like hearing your cute little laugh - oh and I liked getting punched by you." He peppered her face in kisses. She laughed and pushed his chest up to put distance between them. "Fine, but for future reference, I'll happily punch you anytime". She flashed a full smile at him. His chest fluttered with happiness. He slowly stood up and dusted the dirt off his pants with one hand, holding out the other to her. She took his hand and stood up, lacing her fingers through his. He spent the rest of the afternoon explaining the strange bit of magic to her and she practiced it on him. By her second try Lily had managed to get Severus' attention. Severus noticed that when Lily concentrated on him, he could feel her hand on his chest, right over his heart. He debated telling her this, but thought it might be better to mention it later. He wasn't sure how he felt about her feeling his hand on her shoulder, while he could feel her over his heart. He wondered if it meant anything. They spent the rest of the day walking around the lake hand in hand. Eventually as she always did Lily threw off her sweater and jeans and jumped into the water. "Sev, get in here". Severus hesitated. He knew he would end up in the water anyways, but he always felt self-conscious taking his clothes off. He knew she had seen him in this very lake several times, but he couldn't help how awkward he felt. Lily had grown into a beautiful girl. She had a slim but soft body, peppered in adorable little freckles. Severus could spend hours, days, years, counting and recounting them. She had a beautiful tan from the days earlier running around in the sun. Her hair lighter and her freckles darker. He couldn't help but feel awkward as he pulled off his sweater. Though he was thin, he was still pale as ever. He knew his recent growth spurt had made him look thinner. Standing in his swim shorts, Severus walked over the edge of the lake. Lily swam toward him and then walked over to him as the water shallowed. Already drenched she ran over and jumped onto him. His arms automatically ready to catch her, as her legs wrapped around his waist and settled onto his hips. Her cold body making goosebumps appear where she was touching him. "Let's go in now!" she commanded as Severus walked carrying her into the water. He couldn't help but forget all his insecurities when she was so close to him. She never seemed to mind that he was too thin, or too angular. When he was chest deep in water she released her arms from his neck, using his chest to launch her feet off of as she broke into a back stroke away from him. He dived into the water after her. It took a moment to get used to looking into the water. He could see her long legs gracefully swimming away from him. He followed her. Her long red hair clearly visible in the water. He noticed how natural it felt to follow her. It always did. He would follow her anywhere. She stopped swimming forward coming up for air, treading in place. He swam up to her. "oh look" she said, "it's like we're in a movie" She looked exactly like that. Her hair perfectly wet down her back. Her green eyes reflecting the water. She put her hand on his face staring into his clear black eyes. "You have the most handsome face Sev." She laughed as she wrapped her legs around his waist, and gripped his shoulders. "You make me want to be in a fancy romantic movie. Play the part for me, will you". Wrapping his arms firmly around her, he moved his lips to her, kissing her hard. Slowing moving one hand up her back, feeling her soft skin. He tangled his fingers into her hair. He kissed her deeper, and she sighed into his mouth. They stayed that way for a few moments. Both excited and content. He felt her shiver and he slowly broke apart the kiss. She rested her forehead on his. She always felt so safe in his arms. "I think it's time to swim back, I'm freezing". She untangled herself from him, and started to swim back to the shore. He followed her naturally. As they approached the shore they walked out of the shallow water, the heat of the afternoon sun drying their skin immediately. Severus stood back and stretched out his arms, tilting his head up to the sun. How he wished the sun would bring even a little colour to his skin. He ran his fingers through his damp hair. He felt wispy fingers on his flat stomach. Lily's fingers danced up his stomach onto his chest. She lay her hands flat on his chest and moved them up behind his neck. Her body pressed into his. Somehow standing outside with so little on and so close to her made him nervous. It didn't matter that only minutes ago, he was much closer and more intimately connected to her, it was as if the water kept his thoughts from getting out of hand. But out here where her skin was warm, and her hair damp and cool brushing against his neck, his thoughts were racing and his heart beat sped up.