"In the beginning there was nothing. God said, 'Let there be light!' And there was light. There was still nothing, but you could see it a whole lot better." ~Ellen DeGeneres Prologue Ancient Greece – Date Unknown "…It's a boy." The screaming ceased, and heavy panting took its place. The deliverer handed her the bundle of joy. For there, in her very arms, was a tiny miracle and the mother could not help but smile. Deep inside, however, there was a pang of regret, for she knew her child would not have an easy life. "He's beautiful," she said, temporarily forgetting that regret. He may not have an easy life ahead of him, but she would do everything possible to make sure he had a happy one. "What do you wish to call him?" The mother averted her gaze momentarily. He would need luck, of that she had no doubt. "Perseus…I pray to the Gods above that your name brings you fortune and a happy ending." The baby before her gradually opened his eyes, and the mother could not help but smile even wider than before. Two bright orbs stared back at her, full of life and full of spirit. One of deep sea green, the essence of an unbridled spirit. The other of shining silver that screamed resolve. "He is beautiful." The voice broke her motherly stupor and she turned her head towards the doorway. An ocean breeze filled the room, and with it, the smell of the sea. She smiled yet again when she saw who it was. He walked to her bed and knelt by her side, his own deep green eyes seemingly glowing in the dimly lit room. The mother handed her new born into the man's waiting arms, her eyes fixated on his. His face screamed happiness and love, yet, he knew the serenity would not last. His smile dropped momentarily but he didn't turn away. "I must leave. If I stay any longer, you will be found." The mother turned to her lover and had to stifle a sob. She knew this day would come, but she didn't think it would be so soon. It certainly hadn't made it easier for her with such knowledge. "I wish we had more time together, but I cannot risk losing you, and our son. It will be difficult enough to hide him, even when I am gone." A forlorn look had taken its hold, and it was his turn to stifle a sob. The mother gave him a small smile. She had lived thousands of years. She understood completely. He kissed his sons forehead, leaned over, and then kissed his lovers forehead. A wave of warmth and a sense of hope overcame the mother. He handed the baby over and stood up. "Know that I will always be watching over you and our son. The sea will provide refuge should you ever need it." He held out his hand and a silver relief of the sea god's trident appeared. "When the time is right, give this to him, and reveal his lineage. Until that time, you must do everything you can to hide him from my brothers and those who may try to manipulate him. They must never find him." Her eyes were red, and she looked exhausted, but again, she smiled. "I grow weaker with every passing day. I have put my last reserves of strength into this baby and I can feel myself tiring. It's only a matter of time before I myself, leave as well. But I will do everything for him. He is my life now, short though it is becoming. He is my legacy. I will not fail him." The green eyed god smiled. Her fiery determinism was the reason he loved her. It was time, however. He began to dissipate into a thin veil of mist. "I must leave, lest my presence or rather, lack thereof be noticed…again. I love you, with every ounce of my being." "I love you too, forever, and always," came the reply. And just like that, he was gone, leaving the ever fading mother alone with a new born child. His new born child. 6 Years Later " Perseus Orion Euryalis! " He flinched when he heard his full name. The door seemingly felt the same way because it almost parted from its hinges when she opened, or rather, bulldozed her way into his room. All colour drained from his face but he did not run, like a lesser being would. "Yes mother?" came the innocent reply. "Don't play dumb with me, mister. I know all about your antics in Poseidon's temple." If looks could kill, Perseus would definitely be riding Charon's boat right now. "It wasn't my fault," he protested, "The water just leaped out of the fountain and drenched the priests. It had nothing to do with me, I swear!" His eyes shone with a fiery passion, and his mother softened slightly; her own silver eyes sparkling. "You'll be the death of me one day, Perseus." She sighed and sat on the edge of his bed, next to her son. His feet suddenly became very interesting. "One day, all will become clear to you, and new doorways shall open, but for now, I wish you to meet someone." The boy looked up and saw, in the doorway, a curious 30 year old man with a face plastered with scars. He was short, and not overly muscular, but Perseus could tell this man could pick him up and throw him around as if he were a feather. His brown eyes gave off an aura of warmth and Perseus could not help but smile. "These are troubling times Perseus. I could not bare the thought of losing you…Pholus is an old friend of your fathers. He will teach you everything he knows." Perseus looked at the man quizzically. "How do you know my father?" the boy said. Pholus faltered for a second. "I…I fought alongside him once, long ago." Perseus tilted his head slightly, but seemed satisfied with the answer. The boy stood up, walked to the towering man. Pholus gazed at the boys green and silver orbs. 'Just like his parents,' he thought. After a small pause, the trainer held out his hand. Perseus's eyes shifted to his mother's for a split second, but met the man's hand with his own. The trainers strong, firm grip surprised Perseus, but he hid it, and stared attentively at the man's eyes. After what seemed like an eternity, the trainer spoke up and a big grin took its hold. "So, Perseus, have you ever held a sword before?" Ancient Greece - 10 Years Later Pholus and Perseus collided with tremendous force and a resonating clang travelled for miles around. It was trainer versus student. Perseus's knives versus Pholus's celestial bronze sword. They broke off and circled each other for several moments. Perseus knew speed would be key here. Pholus was large, and at times, clumsy. His eyes narrowed and he charged once more, feigning left but sliding under his trainers legs at the last moment and producing a sizable cut on his trainers ankle. Pholus fell to his knee, grabbing his wound, but he brushed off the pain. It would heal, in time, of course. He stood, and it was now his turn to narrow his eyes. The veteran trainer charged, sword held high, and swung downwards, meeting his students raised knives. The boy of 16 quickly countered, swinging at his trainers exposed stomach. The blade missed by mere centimeters. Perseus did not relent though, slashing faster than the eye could see. He was built for speed and stamina, not power. His trainer could barely keep up, and realising it, made a last ditch effort to revert the situation. He parried one of Perseus's knives with such force that it was knocked out of his hand, and bought his sword down, as if to cleave the child in two. Perseus was un-fazed, however, and simply rolled out of the way of the powerful attack, cutting his mentor's thigh in the process. With a powerful kick, the trainer was dropped to the ground, flat on his face. Perseus levelled his remaining knife at the back of his trainer's neck. "Yield?" "I yield," came the muffled reply. Perseus smiled, and joined his mentor on the ground. "Bested again Pholus. Are you ill?" "Ha! Not ill, Perseus. You are simply too good for me." Pholus could not be more proud of his student; the culmination of almost non-stop training for 6 years. His stamina had increased greatly but he had much to learn about the world and what it contained. "So what next Pholus?" "Nothing. I have taught you everything I know, which, I fear, will not be enough for you to get through life. You must seek out Chiron on Mount Pelion. Should he deem you worthy, he will teach you a great deal. More than I ever could." Though his face was passive, his eyes betrayed the pang of guilt he felt. Pholus was not the greatest of fighters, and there was only so much he could teach the young boy. Chiron would feel the void, and turn him into a real man. Perseus grinned. He had been waiting for this day for a long time, though he duly recognised his training was far from complete. His euphoria didn't last long however, when he remembered his ailing mother. The past years had been hard on her, and he himself doubted she would last the season. The question of what he would do should she pass into Hades' realm lingered in his mind. But he pushed those thoughts to one side. Dwelling on what is to come would not help him. It was the here and now that mattered. Still… They sat there in the dirt, in complete silence, for several moments, before the trainer rose, and pulled Perseus to his feet. "Go home and rest, but be ready to leave in 5 moons. It will be a long journey, and you must be prepared." It was pitch black when Perseus arrived at his home. They had moved to a more secluded area several years back, though Perseus never fully understood why. He did remember his mother saying they'd be safer in the middle of nowhere. Safe from what, he had no idea. The moon was very dim, as it had been for several cycles. As if the moon itself was fading from existence. Perseus frowned. He had always felt a personal connection to the moon, and his mood seemed to reflect this. He was always at his best during the night of a full moon; as if he and the moon were one and the same. Recently, however, with the moon ever dimming, he had felt quite low. He tired more easily, and had a shorter fuse. Not low enough to be defeated by Pholus , he thought, wryly, as he wound his around the paths leading up to his home. The house itself wasn't particularly grand. It was old and crumbling in places, without the tentative care of Perseus's mother. He paused at the door, readying himself. It hurt deeply to see his mother bed-ridden. In days gone by she was vivacious, and active, with her lone nightly walks which only seemed to end come sun-up. Now though, she rarely left her bed. He straightened his tunic; an exercise in futility, considering it was caked in dirt, took a deep breath, and opened the door. Several candles provided some light, but it was still very dark. Coupled with the eerie silence, one could be forgiven for thinking that some was amiss. But this was normal, or rather, became normal when his mother became too ill to stand. The house had definitely seen better days. Perseus crept silently, inching ever close to his mother's room. He did not want to shock her. She was frail enough as it is.