1 November 1981 Harry Potter is just a boy. Hardly more than a babe in arms, really. And he is now going to be famous for reasons he will never truly understand and which none of us can ever begin to explain. There will not be a wizard or a witch who won't know his name. He will be recognised by his scar alone. As much as it pains me to write this, Harry Potter is what the Daily Prophet is already calling him: The Boy Who Lived. I don't know that I fully support or agree with Albus' decision to leave the boy in the care of Lily Potter's family. I realise they are the only family he has, but never have I seen a more wretched bunch of people. I watched them for a week to ensure I was not wrong in my opinion of them. Sadly, I was not. They are truly the worst sort of Muggles imaginable. If Albus were to ask me, I'd tell him the boy would be safer with a wild pack of wolves rather than these people. I know Albus believes the boy is better off growing up away from all the fame and glamour, but surely there must have been somewhere better than the home of these Muggles? Of course, had his godfather not been the one to betray his and his parents' whereabouts to the Dark Lord there would be no need to leave him with these horrible people... o.O.o 5 November 1981 I still find myself aghast at how Albus has allowed Severus Snape to not only take over teaching Potions but become Head of Slytherin House, as well. He has urged me to give Snape the benefit of doubt. I shall strive to do as he requests, but if that man steps so much as one toe out of line, I will transfigure him into a snake. o.O.o 15 September 1982 The Daily Prophet ran a story today about there being a petition filed with the Ministry of Magic requesting, of all things, to move several of those who served the Dark Lord from Azkaban to St Mungo's Hospital for Magical Maladies and Injuries for intense treatment following prolonged exposure to the Imperius Curse. As if anyone in their right mind would ever believe that Bellatrix, Rodolphus and Rabastan Lestrange or Bartemius Crouch Jr. did not willfully and intentionally torture Alice and Frank Longbottom to the point of insanity with the Cruciatus Curse. Anyone who is so daft as to think that Bellatrix is in any way repentant of her actions need only remember how she sat like a queen in her chair at her trial and proudly proclaimed to all who were in attendance that, 'The Dark Lord will rise again! Throw us into Azkaban; we will wait! He will rise again and will come for us, he will reward us beyond any of his other supporters! We alone were faithful! We alone tried to find him!' If that deranged woman was ever under the Imperius Curse, I will eat my hat. o.O.o 25 December 1982 Oh, I know I shouldn't have gone to check on the boy. Albus expressly said we were to stay away. I could not help myself. I wanted to make sure these despicable people were treating him properly. Imagine my shock and dismay when I saw how Potter sat quietly watching while the Muggles opened their gifts and doted upon that obnoxious son of theirs? He was not addressed so much as once the entire time I was there. Albus shall most certainly hear about this. o.O.o 21, March 1983 Peeves decided that this morning, of all mornings, would be the perfect time for him to take his once-weekly swim in the toilets of the boy's first-floor lavatory. The entire ground floor is now flooded with water and soap bubbles. I hope the Bloody Baron gives Peeves a sound thrashing for his shenanigans… o.O.o 17 October 1984 There are stirrings amongst members of the Order that those followers who were not found and sent to Azkaban may well be organising their numbers on the anniversary of the Dark Lord's disappearance. Just what it is they hope to accomplish is beyond my comprehension. Surely, they do not believe they have found a way to resurrect him? Why, the possibility alone boggles the mind! Albus says these are merely rumours and we should pay them no mind. However, I can't help but notice that he has sent watchers to the home of those wretched Muggles. If not for my responsibility to my students and Hogwarts, I would offer to go and watch over the boy myself. I fervently hope Albus is correct and that these are, indeed, nothing more than idle prattle. I don't think any of us desire to see the Dark Lord return. His return would mean the death of us all. o.O.o 19 December 1984 Gryffindor has won the Quidditch Cup for the first time in ten years! I am elated at this victory! Charles Weasley, you are such a darling boy for helping to bring this glory to Gryffindor! Take that, Slytherin! o.O.o 25 June 1985 Peeves celebrated the students' leaving by chasing them from the school while howling obscenities and pelting them with water balloons. I am looking forward to a quiet summer holiday... o.O.o 31 July 1986 Potter is six today. It is difficult to imagine so much time has passed since that ill-fated night in Godric Hollow. I wanted to commemorate the occasion by sending the boy a small gift but Albus cautioned that it would not be wise for me to do so. "Any reminder of Harry's connection to the wizarding world could have disastrous consequences," he said. "For his protection, he must remain with the Dursleys until it is time for him to attend Hogwarts." "But surely, they would not begrudge the boy a gift on his birthday," I protested. "Why, whoever heard of such a thing?" "I am afraid they would do more than begrudge him a gift, Minerva," he replied with a sad glimmer in his eyes. "They are not kind people. Something you, yourself have pointed out. However, they are the only family he has. As such, we can do nothing to jeopardise his placement with them." Oh, how I loathe those wretched people we left the boy with. If only I could transfigure them into the swine they are… o.O.o 25 December 1987 Dinner was almost spoiled by Peeves tossing bits of stale bread he soaked in pudding at anyone who caught his eye. When he grew bored with throwing food, he decided to float around the Great Hall, sing highly inappropriate carols and blow raspberries at poor Filch. Thankfully, he left when Dumbledore politely asked him to do so. o.O.o 30 June 1988 Gryffindor failed to secure the Quidditch Cup after some unsavoury moves by the Slytherin team in the finals. My disappointment is only succeeded by the fact that my beloved Magpies did not acquire the Quidditch World Cup. The only thing that bolsters my spirits is that Slytherin also did not win the cup. I can, at least, take comfort in that. o.O.o 31 October 1989 Eight years have passed since the night that James and Lily Potter were murdered by the Dark Lord. Many of my dearest friends, colleagues, associates, and former students were felled by either the Dark Lord or one of those who served him. I cannot help but think of all those we lost on this sad day. I sometimes find myself wondering how different the world would be if those people had not perished during the First Wizarding War. So many people paid a terrible, terrible price for freedom from the Dark Lord's cruel reign. I find myself wondering at times if it was all worth it. I know internally that more would have died had we not stopped the Dark Lord. Yet I find myself thinking about those who lost the most from this war. Neither Harry Potter nor Neville Longbottom shall ever know their parents. And Potter… well, he will always be marked by the lightning bolt the Dark Lord left him the night his killing curse rebounded upon him. It is always the innocent who suffer in the end. o.O.o 20 March 1990 Someone, and I daresay it was either Fred or George Weasley and quite possibly both, set off a series of dung bombs in the Gryffindor boys' dormitory. The horrific stench has permeated every part of the dormitory. It will take days before things are set fully to right. The students must sleep in the Great Hall for this evening, at least. I must admit I find myself amused by their witty banter and antics. They bring a freshness to Hogwarts that has been missing. And they are quite exceptional Quidditch players. Gryffindor may well defeat the other houses this year for the Quidditch Cup with the 'human Bludgers' on their team. Of course, I can only hope… o.O.o 1 September 1991 Harry Potter has come to Hogwarts and been sorted into my very own house! I almost could not contain my glee when the Sorting Hat announced his decision. Oh, I know it is not proper to favour a student so, but I cannot deny my elation at having Potter as a member of my House. He will make a fine addition to Gryffindor. I wonder if he will turn out to be a Quidditch player, much like his father, James? Or will he be as talented a wizard as his mother, Lily? o.O.o 3 October 1992 Things at Hogwarts are far more dangerous than any of us could have imagined them being at the start of term. The Chamber of Secrets has been reopened. Poor Mrs Norris was the first victim petrified. More will come. My fear is that much like last time, someone will be killed. I can only hope that we can find whoever the perpetrator is and stop them before history repeats itself. o.O.o 1 September 1993 Dementors here at Hogwarts. Whatever is the Minister thinking, assigning those terrible creatures to protect the grounds? I don't care if they are searching for Sirius Black. They're a danger and threat to the students. One attacked Potter while he was on the train to Hogwarts. If Remus Lupin had not been there… Oh, I don't even want to consider what would have happened. o.O.o 27 June 1994 Peeves chose to celebrate the end-of-school-term by chasing students as they made their way into the Great Hall for the end-of-year banquet. Poor Longbottom got a nasty knock on the head and will likely have quite a lump for the next few days. Were I not looking forward to the Quidditch World Cup, I would have called for the Bloody Baron and had him deal with the situation. o.O.o 31 October 1994 It can be no coincidence that Potter's name came out of the Goblet of Fire on the anniversary of his parent's death. Moody is right when he said that, "The Goblet of Fire is an exceptionally powerful magical object." And that, "Only an exceptionally powerful Confundus charm could have hoodwinked it! Magic way beyond the talents of a fourth year." How else did Potter's name get into the Goblet then? I suspect some foul trickery is afoot. Potter will need to be closely watched as he competes in the Triwizard Tournament. Thankfully, we have Moody here to help keep a watch on things… o.O.o 10 April 1995 There is something not right about Mad-Eye. I cannot put my finger on exactly what it is that I sense is off about him. He has always been a bit odd. However, there are things that he has done, transfiguring students into ferrets for one, that seems extreme even for him. I shall speak of my concerns with Albus when we have tea this afternoon. The students must be