A/N: This story was written for SIYE's Carpe Diem Challenge. Thank you to Pottermum for reading through the story, picking up my grammatical errors, pointing out a horrendous lapse in judgement in my approach to Ginny and Dean's conversation and for coming up with an amazing title for this story! The sentences that are in italics are direct quotes from Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone, Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets, Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire and Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix (iBooks, Enhanced Editions). Disclaimer: I do not own, nor have I ever owned Harry Potter. How could he have been so blind to not see what had been there, right under his nose, all along? How could he have so nearly let slip through his fingers the one person who truly understood him? His feelings for her had slowly built up without him even knowing, until they had become too obvious for him to try to ignore and push aside as he had been doing over this past school year. To be honest, if he truly thought about how long he had felt something for this incredible girl, his feelings for her had been there for far longer than he had even realised. If he was going to be honest with himself, something he knew it was about time he started to do, then, he knew that the first spark of feelings he had for her went all the way back to the first day he had seen her on Platform Nine and Three Quarters. He allowed his thoughts to drift to the individual moments between them and the feelings he had experienced at the time. HP&GW The train lurched as it began to move and pull out of Kings Cross Station. Harry felt the excitement well up inside as he began to head towards his new life, knowing whatever he found, it would be much better than what he had left behind until the summer. Harry allowed his eyes to gaze over the platform, watching as parents and younger siblings waved goodbye to those family members on the train. However, his eyes immediately wandered back to the red-haired girl he had watched cry as she said goodbye to her older brothers. She was now running alongside the train as she attempted to keep up with it as it slowly picked up speed. The redheaded girl was laughing, crying and smiling as she ran, only stopping once she could no longer keep up. Harry's eyes remained fixed on the girl until she was no longer in sight. He wasn't sure why he felt the need to watch her. Perhaps it was the expression on her face, or how she chased the train or just because there was something about her that he felt drawn to, he wasn't sure. All he knew was that he wished someone had been there to see him off to Hogwarts with the same look on their face as there had been on the girl. Harry wondered if he could pretend she had been chasing the train to say goodbye to him as well her brothers. However, before his thoughts could go any further, the door to the compartment he sat in opened, revealing one of the girl's brothers. " Anyone sitting there?" HP&&GW As Harry walked back to the Leaky Cauldron with the Weasleys and the Grangers, he allowed his mind to wander as he thought about the altercation they'd had with the Malfoys in Flourish and Blotts. However, it wasn't what either of them had said that had him lost in thought, but the fact that Ginny had defended him, despite barely knowing him, and the fact he had not denied the suggestion Draco had made about her being his girlfriend. Harry wasn't ignorant to the fact that Ginny had a crush on him. It hadn't escaped his notice how clumsy she was around him, like how she had managed to put her elbow in the butter dish when he had asked about her starting Hogwarts in September. Or how she had never, until today, said anything to or in front of him. He had chosen to pretend not to notice these things as he knew she didn't need the embarrassment or the teasing. He knew the crush was more likely to be on the Boy Who Lived than him, Harry, but she had recognised immediately how he hated the attention that came from something that had happened many years ago, when he was a baby. She had stood up for him, defended him, despite her crush and against his arch-rival from school. For some reason, the fact she had done this for him made his heart flutter. HP&GW Harry's heart felt like it had broken when he finally spotted a small, black-robed figure laying beneath the feet of the statue in the Chamber, face down with flaming red hair splayed across the floor. 'No, no, no,' was the only thing going through his mind as he realised he may be too late to save Ginny. He promised himself, as he began to sprint towards her, that if he succeeded in getting both him and Ginny out of here, alive, he would do everything in his power to protect her from that point onwards. Harry dropped down onto his knees, flinging his wand aside, not paying attention to where it landed as he took Ginny's shoulders in his hand and carefully turned her over. "Please, Ginny! Don't be dead!" he cried as he began checking her over. "Please, don't be dead! You need to wake up! We need to get out of here!" She looked so peaceful, as though she had already passed on, but Harry knew that was not the case as he could her chest slowly moving up and down. However, he knew he did not have much time left to save her. He began to shake her in hopes of waking her, desperate to get them both out of the Chamber as soon as possible, but she wouldn't wake. "Please!" he choked out as he leaned over her body, "Ginny, you need to wake up. We need to get out of here!" Harry's mind worked furiously as he tried to figure out how to get her out of the Chamber and back to Ron, so they could take her to the hospital wing. However, he knew it was useless as he knew he would not be able to carry her if he was going to protect and defend them at the same time. "Ginny, please, I need you to wake up, now," Harry cried as he tried to hold back the panic that was beginning to well up inside of him. " She won't wake," a soft voice said from behind him, causing Harry to jump to his feet and turn to see who it was. HP&GW Harry watched as Ginny walked away from him and Ron towards the portrait hole. He hadn't failed to notice her reaction to the suggestion of Harry taking her to the Yule Ball and the look on her face when she had refused the offer due to her already having agreed to accompany Neville. What was confusing him, however, was not Ginny's reaction, but his own. He had felt a swoop of disappointment by her polite refusal and a pang of jealousy that Neville would get to spend the evening dancing with her. He could only assume that those feelings came from his own guilt of not having taken the time to get to know her properly following the events of her first and his second year. It hadn't helped that she would still blush around him, but, at least, she could now talk to him. He liked to think that Ginny was his friend, not just a member of the Weasley family and his best friend's little sister. He knew he cared for her and had this deep need within him to protect her. That didn't mean, however, his feelings went any further for her. He didn't think they did as he knew he had a crush on Cho Chang. However, thinking back to when he had asked her to the Yule Ball, he didn't feel the disappointment or jealousy in the same way he had felt for Ginny denying him the chance to take her. Perhaps, therefore, he was beginning to develop feelings for the youngest Weasley. " What's got into them?" Ron's question about Ginny and Hermione's reactions pulled Harry from his thoughts before he could begin to explore the possibility of him having feelings for Ginny. He looked up to answer Ron's question, but, instead, his eyes were drawn to the portrait hole and the two girls who had just come through it. Knowing he and Ron needed dates desperately, he made the decision to approach Parvati and Lavender about being their dates. "Wait here," Harry told his best mate before crossing the common room to speak to the two witches. HP&GW " Then You-Know-Who hasn't ever possessed you. When he did it to me, I couldn't remember what I'd been doing for hours at a time. I'd find myself somewhere and not know how I got there." Harry found Ginny's words hard to believe. He had felt like he was the snake, it had felt like he had bitten Mr Weasley. Yet, her words made sense as he knew he could remember every detail, something that made him shudder just thinking about it. Her words, however, did seem to lighten the weight that had been placed upon his heart in the wake of the attack on the Weasley patriarch. Harry realised that it would be wrong of him to dismiss Ginny's experience of being possessed by Voldemort. It still amazed him that she had fought against him for nearly a year against the possession, long enough for her to be rescued and saved from what should have been her death. The strength she had shown, not just in fighting against the possession, but also her ability to recover and move on, was one of the things he admired and loved most about her. However, a slither of doubt crept into his mind about their differing experiences. Voldemort, or Tom Riddle as he was known to Ginny, had taken over her mind, her thoughts and her own control of her body. She had been forced to release the Basilisk upon the castle. Harry, on the other hand, had been inside the mind of the snake. He hadn't felt like he was being forced to do anything, but watch. He couldn't control the actions of the snake, yet, he felt like he could have been in control of the snake's actions. He was torn between believing Ginny and the differences in their experiences. " That dream I had about your dad and the snake, though…" HP&GW Harry's books, bag and ink bottle finally stopped whacking him and Ginny over the head once they had reached a respectable distance from the library. Harry's possessions suddenly froze in mid-air before falling to floor with Harry catching the ink bottle before it could smash. "Nice catch, Harry," Ginny said with a wide grin and flushed face. "That is exactly why you deserve your place on the Quidditch team." Harry blushed under her praise as he began stuffing his books back into his bag. "Thank you, by the way, for offering to help me out," Harry said as he finally stood back up with his now packed bag. "No worries. I'll have a word with my brothers and see what they can come up with to help you out," Ginny replied before pausing for the moment, appearing to struggle with whether she should say what she wanted to say to Harry. "I don't suppose… no, actually, never mind. It isn't my right to ask or know." To Harry's surprise, Ginny began to walk away and towards their