This was my entry for the Beyond the Bedroom contest and I was honored that it won a Host's Choice Award. I'll be working on a full story for this premise also. Thank you for checking out my writing! Disclaimer: Twilight and its inclusive material is copyright to Stephenie Meyer. I own nothing, not even Edward's hair. Life is sad that way. Bella was quite certain that she was going to Hell. To begin with, she wasn't Catholic - or even religious - but here she was attending the Christmas midnight mass, and for all the wrong reasons. She did her best to focus on the liturgy and the young Father Cullen's words, but her thoughts continually veered to other things. On this particular evening, she was noticing how lovely his eyes were, how the glow of the surrounding candles made them look a darker shade of green than usual. His long lashes cast shadows across his sculpted cheekbones. His voice was a deep tenor, easily floating across the room, and though she couldn't understand a word of the Latin that he was chanting, she imagined that he was actually speaking to her in a language that only they understood: I love you, Bella, Be with me, Bella, Run away with me to some small island and let's make babies together. In that instant, his dark green eyes locked briefly with her own and she looked down, embarrassed with herself. Heat flooded her skin and though the sanctuary was frigid this evening for the Christmas mass, she felt like a furnace had been lit inside her face. Father Cullen halted for a moment and she felt his gaze on her even after she had looked away. She wanted to bury herself inside the hard wooden pew that she had been sitting on for the last half hour. When he began again, he faltered. She found it unnerving that he'd even noticed her at all. It was a game that she played every Sunday that she attended, which was becoming a regular habit. The compulsion to be near him seemed to get stronger with each passing week. It was horrible and completely inappropriate, and completely irrational, but deep in the recesses of her soul, something inside her recognized that she needed him. Just being in the same room with him gave her an odd peace. Maybe it was because he was attractive, though out of bounds, and somehow safe. Maybe it was because she was a first-class idiot who never wanted anything that was good for her. It didn't help at all that she lived right next door to him, two blocks away, in the more run-down portion of downtown Forks. When her father died, she inherited his debt, and was forced to sell his house. In one of the more difficult moments of dealing with life without him, she'd stumbled into the only Catholic church in the small town of Forks. After that first sighting, she was completely undone - and then she ran into Father Cullen everywhere: the grocery store, the library where she worked, the park… but here was the only place that she could actually watch him without looking like the stalker that she had become. If she'd ever had the opportunity to say the things to him out loud that she thought inside her own head, she would have died. In reality, Bella Swan was a terrible prude. The stereotypical librarian who wore buttoned up shirts with cardigans and skirts that reached her mid-calf, she had never been interested in any real life man romantically, and prefered to fantasize in men such as Healthcliff and Darcy. But when she first set eyes on him it was as if all of the angst and laden hormones that she should have experienced when she was younger all came to the surface at once. He was everything she'd ever wanted in a man, and much like the men in her favorite romance novels, and all of the perfect, beautiful gay men of the world, Edward Cullen was completely unavailable. So unavailable, that only God had his number. Therefore a perfect obsession for one, screwed up, Bella Swan. Wildfire was only slightly faster than the gossip that raged through their small town. Two months after Edward Cullen arrived, his story was told from the bank teller to the gas station attendant. Every mom in the car pick up line and every kid as a result who visited Bella's library had a story to tell about Father Edward Cullen. It turned out, he was a survivor He'd spent his childhood in a boy's foster home until he was eighteen, had been one of the youngest men to join the church, and they'd sent him to the small Olympic town of Forks because - quite frankly - no one else wanted to go. It was the second-least wanted parish short of anything in Alaska. Father Cullen reached across the dark wood of the tall table in front of him, and she shifted her thoughts, focusing instead on his long fingers as they lit another candle. The light flickered across his brow, highlighting his odd hair, making it look less coppery red and more dark brown. From her angle so close to the front, she could almost see the few scars that marred his otherwise perfect skin; they were shiny, jagged lines that glimmered in the waving candlelight, one that disappeared beneath his right eyebrow, another that touched his full top lip. She'd fantasized about kissing those small scars, placing her hands into his thick mop of hair and kissing each individual one, starting with his brow and working her way down to...other places. She sighed quietly and looked down at her hands, ashamed of herself. She fidgeted her numb backside against the hard pew and waited for lightning to strike her dead. It was ridiculous. She was ridiculous. She wasn't even a member of this church. His name used to be Edward. Edward. She smiled to herself. It was an old-fashioned, romantic name, something you would find in an Austen novel or... a movie about a guy with scissors for hands who gave women terrible haircuts. She giggled to herself and smiled apologetically at the elderly lady in front of her who glared back at her disapprovingly. She straightened and redirected her thoughts toward the front. Edward - Father Cullen - lifted a glass full of wine and continued chanting in his beautiful, melodic voice. Would you like some wine, my sweet Bella? Only if I get to lick it from your beautiful, naked body, dear Edward. He faltered and some drops slipped over the side, staining the white tablecloth beneath it. She frowned thinking it an odd moment for that to have happened. Just when she was thinking of how perfect he must be under all those robes, how his warm skin would feel beneath her fingertips. His voice quavered and it took him a few moments to fall back into the soft ebb and flow of the Latin, that surely he knew by heart. His eyes shifted over to her once more, glaring. Her blood ran cold. She watched him for a few seconds, her eyes wide and mind numb. A nervous, whispering laugh escaped her lips. She had finally cracked up. She was losing her mind. In that brief moment, she could swear that he knew what she was thinking and was silently chastising her for it. Of course, she knew that couldn't be true. If Father Cullen could have read minds, he would have kicked her out already - long ago. She was such an idiot. Of course, she couldn't just let such a fabulous idea slip through her fingers, even if it was just a fluke. As ludicrous as it seemed, she had to test her insane theory: Quick, think of something! His hands on my back as he lays me down on the floor. He gave no reaction, but she was getting suddenly very hot. Our bodies entwined, him inside me, slowly moving in and out. Still nothing. She tried again. Cock Pussy Balls Scarecrow. The corner of his mouth turned up slightly. Holy shit! I mean, Holy crow! It wasn't appropriate to curse in church, after all, not that that mattered after all the other things she'd been thinking. She looked around frantically, as if the other people in the room could see what just went on inside her own head. There is a logical explanation for this: It is finally time to commit Bella Swan. I wonder if the people with the padded rooms do pick ups. What number do you call for that type of service? Do you have to tip the driver? He seemed to smirk slightly once more. No. She was imaging this. After all, no matter what vile or ridiculous thoughts went through her head, he had no reaction before, and he had always acted as though she wasn't there at all. And also, PEOPLE CAN'T READ MINDS! He had probably finally noticed the way she'd looked at him. Of course, that was it. She had always been a terrible liar, it made perfect sense that her face would be like an open book when she was constantly staring at him. She could feel her skin flushing. This had been a mistake. She had to finally let this insane infatuation go, move on, ogle someone else, stop following in this very definition of madness. As the service finally ended, she stood in the aisle waiting impatiently for everyone else to leave so that she could escape the back way. Some people stood to her left, blocking her exit, forcing her to walk toward the large double doors in the front of the sanctuary, where she'd walk right past him. She sucked in a breath and walked forward on shaky legs, trying her hardest to feign a confidence she didn't feel. An unexplainable, gripping pain seized her when she realized this would be the last time she'd see him here. She would never attend another service - never darken these doors. She would stop being such an idiot and find herself a real life. She would stop being weird and start dating someone. Anyone. All of these things were just common sense, so why did they make her feel like crying? The walk to the large double doors seemed to last an eternity, and also came too soon. Somehow, she was the last person to walk by him and she watched everyone else leave the building to go on with their normal lives with family and friends while she, the crazy cat lady with no cats, was about to heartbreakingly say a silent, final goodbye to a man who she was quite certain that she was in love with. She was completely certifiable. And then she was standing directly in front of him, his hair shining like a bronze halo on top of his head. Good meets Bad. Light meets Dark. God and The Devil. "Can I shake your hand, Bella?" She startled, surprised that he remembered her name, and realized that he was holding his hand out, as he did every Sunday to say goodbye to parisioners who were leaving. She was somewhat afraid to have him touch her, afraid that she would taint him somehow, afraid of how she would react to finally feeling his skin on her own. Afraid of that the memory of that feeling would haunt her. She looked at his hand for a moment too long before finally reaching out and placing hers in it and once she did, she regretted it. His long fingers wrapped around hers and it was equally comforting and unsettling, causing something in the pit of her stomach to flip. Her hand felt like it belonged in his. The heat from his seemed to warm everything inside her. She shook his hand and gave a slight smile that she didn't