Hello, thank you for clicking on my first Twilight story (smiles) I hope you enjoy reading it as much as I'm going to enjoy writing it. WARNING: Does contain slight abuse, nothing too graphic, but please do not read if you don't feel comfortable about it. The characters are all humans so it's AH and AU and they might be slightly OOC (smiles sheepishly) , but they will show signs of their gifts/powers, so… I hope you enjoy. Disclaimer: I do NOT own anything of the Twilight saga, that's ALL Stephenie Meyer. He was wrapped up all warm and snug in his mother's gentle embrace, his arms were wrapped around her waist as his head rested on her shoulder. She was smiling down at him with nothing but love and care in her green eyes with her long bronze hair tickling his cheeks. He felt his father's hand run through his equally bronze coloured hair, smiling down at him proudly and with equal amount of love like his mother. He smiled up at his father as he too circled an arm around his mother and chuckled as his wife gave him a tender kiss on his cheek. He sighed contently, he had missed this, missed his mum and dad so much that it hurt and he knew his brothers missed them just as much. " I missed you guys." His father and mother smiled tenderly at him, "we missed you too," his mother's voice was as sweet and gentle as he remembered. His father ruffled his hair affectionately. " Please don't leave us again." His mother and father smiled sadly down at him this time, not saying anything and he knew they couldn't. His mother's grip around him suddenly tightened and the comforting hand on his hair vanished. He looked up and was surprised to see his mother's face twisted into a scowl as she glared at him and his father was no longer there. " Mum?" Her grip on him kept on tightening and he struggled to get free, "mum please let me go." " Why shouldn't I leave you? You're nothing but a waste of space. You are a burden on me, on your brothers. You won't amount to anything." His mother voice shifted into another voice he knew all too well and hated. He looked up again and was surprised to see his Aunts face looking down at him. She shared the same bronze hair of her young sister and her nephew and her green eyes were cold and hard as she gazed down at him. His struggle to get away from her intensified, but her grip only tightened on him. He was unable to breathe and it hurt. " Let me go. LET ME GO." " Now get up, you're going to make me late. Get up. GET UP." His Aunt kept yelling at him and he tried telling her if she didn't let go of him he wouldn't be able to do as she says, but she just kept screaming at him. " GET UP." Edward bolted straight up, covered in sweat and breathing harshly as he looked wildly around. No longer was he in his Aunts cruel embrace, but safe –momentarily he thought wearily– in their bedroom. He checked on his brothers as he concentrated on calming his breathing down. His two brothers were sleeping soundly around him, Jasper sleeping on his side next to him, curled up like a cat and Emmett sleeping horizontally at the end of the bed, snoring with one arm placed over his face and the other hanging off over the end of the bed. Edward chuckled lightly and relaxed back on to his pillow, shared with Jasper. All three brothers shared the smallest room in the three bedroom house. They slept on a worn out double bed with two pillows, one that the two youngest shared and one the oldest had. Suddenly there was a sharp knock on their bedroom door, startling Edward. "ARE YOU UP YET?" yelled their Aunt from behind the door. He quickly sat up and answered, "Yes, we'll be out in a few minutes." "Well hurry up or you're going to make me late." "Yes Aunt Giselle," he answered and heard her footsteps retreat downstairs. Edward slowly gets out of bed, making sure not to jostle his brothers and quickly got changed into a faded red polo t-shirt and blue faded jeans. He sighed as he looked at himself in the broken tall mirror they had standing against the wall. A tall pale boy with bronze hair and bright green eyes stared back at him. His hair was as ruffled and untidy as ever, he ran his hand through it, trying to tame it, but to no avail. He straightened out his clothes and looked around the room. They had one wardrobe standing next to the mirror and one cupboard near their bed. All three of the brother's clothes were stuffed into the furnitures and some were scattered around the floor. Jaspers and Emmett's guitars were probed up against the wall near the door and posters of their favourite cars were decorating the walls. The walls of the room were a pale blue and other than the posters nothing else decorated it. Stacked up on the cupboard were Edward's music CDs and Jaspers books. They could have put more things in the room to personalise it and Edward would have loved to get a CD shelf case to stack his priced CD properly, but their Aunt made them move a lot so it became tiring to organise their room and then strip them in a matter of weeks or months. They were currently living in their grandparent's old house in Phoenix that their mother and Aunt had inherited, but because their mother passed away it was now their Aunt Giselle's. Edward sighed and ran his hand through his hair as he felt an ache rise in his chest remembering his mother and father. His mother's name was Elizabeth Cullen and she used to be a brilliant music teacher and the best mother. She was very popular and the kids and adults loved learning from her. She just had a way of making music fun and easy to learn. She had taught Edward how to play the piano when he was four years old. He remembered all the times she used to take them all out to the park when she had her days off and treated them to ice cream; she used to make the best desserts after they had dinner and she did everything with a smile, never did he see his mother with it. She was the most happiest when they were all together including when their father finally had time to join them. But what he loved and missed most about his mother was when she played the piano for them, he remembered how he and Jasper used to cuddle up next to her and Emmett sat with them as they listened to her play and taught them how to play. Edward Cullen Senior was their father and he was a successful lawyer. He remembered his father as a tall and proud man, head full of curly brown hair and blue sparkling eyes. His father was always busy with serious cases, but every time whenever he was home or he got the chance off work, he spent every minute with his family. He missed how his dad used to pick him up and throw him in the air before catching him, how he played sports with them in their back garden and he had loved listening to him play the guitar with Emmett and Jasper, especially with their mum when they both put on a small concert in their living room. Edward gave a small chuckle; his dad met his mum when he had wanted to learn to play the guitar after finishing his law degree. His mother had just got a job as a music teacher and dad was her first adult student. It was a story both parents loved to talk about. And then… they were gone. He was seven years old when his mother and father died in a car crash. They had gone to a function hosted by one of his dad's friends and it had started to rain heavily that night. His parent's car had collided with a truck and they had died reaching the hospital. He remembered when a police officer had come to their house and told them the news. All three of them had been devastated and crushed and after the funeral they had been placed with their mum's sister Giselle. It was suffice to say she did not want them, she never got on with their mum, always hated the attention and talent their mum had. Aunt Giselle never even came to any of their family get togethers, not even for Christmas dinner. They didn't know why their Aunt hated their mother and they wished – even to this day– that they never moved in with their Aunt. She was a complete opposite of their mother. She provided for them, but that's how far it went. She didn't want them and she made that clear countless times. At first it hurt to know that one of their own family members hated them and didn't want them, but after a while they came to accept it. She had made them move around a lot, she never held on to one job, always wanting something different, so they never stayed in one place for too long and it didn't give them a chance to make any friends. She never gave them any treats or cooked any meals, which resulting in all three of them learning how to cook for themselves when she used to leave them home alone while she went out or for work. It's not when they got older did she start to become more aggressive and nastier. She would get angry with them quickly, which sometimes resulted in her hitting them. He remembered the first time she slapped him for accidently breaking her best dishes, he was twelve and she had grabbed him and dragged him to their room, locking the door from the outside and promising no food. His brothers had been so angry with her that day, they had tried to sneak him some food, but they got punished when they got caught trying to steal the key for the door. But it was never the physical abuse they couldn't handle, it was her verbal abuse. Life with their Aunt was a nightmare and they couldn't wait to finally leave this place. Edward turned round and looked at his sleeping brothers. Emmett had just turned nineteen years old; he was much like their dad in the looks department. He was very tall and muscular for his age, with curly dark brown hair and blue eyes. Edward and Jasper always described him as a big grizzly bear that was way too soft, which made their older brother grin at them before pouncing. He worked at a garage just a few blocked from where they lived. Emmett loved cars and he loved where he worked. He looked at Jasper who was now spread out on the bed, one foot on Emmett's stomach while the other hung off the bed. Jasper was eighteen years old; he had honey blond hair and brown eyes. Their dad had always said he got his looks from their paternal grandfather and their dad's brother Carlisle Cullen as both of them were blond heads and his eyes from their paternal grandmother who had both brown hair and brown eyes. Jasper was tall, lean and pale –a trait all three brothers shared. He worked at the nearest book store and Edward volunteered there as much as he could. Jasper loved to read, curling up somewhere nice and quiet with a good book. He kept all his books in