CHAPTER ONE: Serpents of Eden Mr. and Mrs. Dursley, of Number Four, Privet Drive, were proud to say that they were perfectly normal, thank you very much. They were the last people you'd expect to be caught up in anything strange or mysterious, because they just didn't hold with such nonsense. Mr. Dursley was the director of a firm called Grunnings, which made drills. He was a big, beefy man with hardly any neck—although he did have a very large mustache. Mrs. Dursley was thin and blonde, with nearly twice the regular amount of neck, which came in useful as she spent most days spying on the neighbors. She did not have a job, choosing instead to let her husband support her, in favor of raising her son, Dudley. Dudley Dursley, though just a year and a half, was already spoiled. He was a pink beachball of a toddler, with soft blond hair that seemed permanently plastered to his skull. His eyes were blue; they were small and would no doubt attempt to disappear into the melon of his face if the child kept on as he was. Though people on the streets might give him dark looks and mutter about the quality of Mrs. Dursley's parenting, the Dursleys themselves could often be heard to say that there couldn't be a finer boy anywhere. The Dursleys had everything they wanted: a neat, well-tended lawn, on which sat a square house identical to all others on the street; a large company car, which Mr. Dursley could drive proudly to and from work; more than enough money to support themselves, but they also had a secret. They didn't think they could watch the perfect life they'd made for themselves tumble down around them, should anyone unearth that secret. They simply wouldn't bear it if anyone found out about the Potters. Mrs. Potter was Mrs. Dursley's sister, though they hadn't met in ages, and it was quite common for Mrs. Dursley to neglect to mention, or pretend she didn't have, a sister. The Potters were, of course, as un-Dursleyish as you can get, and even worse, they were proud of being so. Mrs. Dursley had conveniently forgot to attend her sister's wedding, and the last letter she ever received from Mrs. Potter was the announcement that she'd given birth to a healthy son: Harry James. After glancing at the letter with a disgusted curl of her lip, Mrs. Dursley threw it away. She'd never be so stupid as to let Dudley mix with a child like that, and Harry was a filthy common name. So imagine Mrs. Dursley's surprise when, on a dreary Wednesday morning at the very beginning of november, she went to put the milk on the step and found a baby girl wrapped in blankets already there, one small hand clutching a letter. The little girl's eyes opened at her aunt's scream, and she stared up at the startled Mrs. Dursley, stretching out her arms with a gurgle of laughter. The child was Harrietta Lily Potter, the accompanying letter stated, and she was Petunia's niece. The child and her now-deceased brother had been born in the middle of a war and in the presence of a spy; it had been vital to withhold as much information as possible from the enemy, which explained the lie about the gender of the baby. No one knew the plans of the opposite side, and there was considerable reason to believe that they would kidnap—or worse, kill—the child, should he have been a boy. Number four, Privet Drive, the letter went on to explain, held a special protection for little Harrietta, and as long as she called it home, those who would do her harm could not touch her. So grudgingly, the Dursleys took in Harrietta, but there would never be love left over for her in their care. The only reasons she wasn't shipped off to the nearest opphanage were that Mrs. Dursley owed her sister for every unkind word she'd ever said and every mean thing she'd ever done, and that she couldn't help but admire the way Lily had sacrificed herself for the safety of her daughter. There was no way—none at all-that Harrietta Potter could ever know, let alone guess, that all over the world, people met in secret. They raised glasses of smoky liquor in shadowed corners. They whispered as glass clinked on glass: "Here's to the end—the end of the war. Here's to the end of He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named." Though ten years had passed since that fateful morning when Petunia Dursley discovered her niece, the sun still rose and set over Privet Drive. Outwardly, the mundane street hadn't changed at all. Only the photographs of Dudley at number four were any indication that time had passed, because Dudley Dursley was not a beachball baby anymore. Smiling out of every current frame was a large blond child: at a fair, riding a bike, playing on the computer with his father or being hugged and kissed by his mother. There was no indication, on the inside or the outside of the house, that a girl lived there too. And yet, Harrietta Potter, called Harry now, was still there. She slept now, curled beneath a few old blankets in a cupboard under the stairs. This wouldn't last much longer though, as Aunt Petunia was awake, meaning Harry had overslept. "Up! Get up! Now!" With each sharp word, Aunt Petunia rapped at the cupboard door. Harry heard her moving to the kitchen, and the sizzle of frying pan on stove. It was probably the bacon, she thought dully, pressing a hand to her throbbing head. The headache would pass in a moment, but did Aunt Petunia really have to scream at her first thing in the morning? She stretched, or attempted to do so within the confines of the cupboard, and let her mind breeze over the dream she'd just had. It had been interesting, to say the least, featuring a flying motorbike. Was such a thing even possible? It might be, Harry decided; technology was always advancing—just look at that new computer Dudley was hell-bent on having. With another sharp knock on the door, Aunt Petunia asked, "Are you up yet?" "Nearly," Harry murmured testily, curling into the small warm place she'd made on the cot. "Well, get a move on, so you can look after the bacon. I want everything perfect for Duddy's birthday." Harry groaned. Of course it was Dudley dearest's birthday. How could she have forgotten? "What was that?" Her aunt asked snippily, beginning to move away. "Nothing, nothing..." With a sigh, Harrietta rubbed at her eyes. This day promised to be nothing but miserable, and she decided that she was going to sleep for a very long time after its conclusion. Every year, on his birthday, Dudley's parents took him out—to amusement parks and restaurants, to see a film or to an arcade—and every year, Harry was left with batty old Mrs. Figg, the cat lady from a few streets away. She was forced to sit and be still in a lace-filled room that smelled like cabbage, and she was forced to look at more cats than anyone could possibly own, never mind manage. Harry got out of bed and went searching for socks. All the clothes were piled neatly at the head of the cot, but somehow socks never quite made it there, choosing instead to get lost in corners and under her bed. Pulling a large spider off one half of a pair, and gently setting it in a corner, she put them on. Then, she slipped quickly and quietly down the hall into the kitchen, and continued where her aunt left off in the breakfast preparations. The Dursley men, being her uncle and cousin, ate copious amounts of bacon, and in preparing the morning meal, it was important to be certain the bacon was crisped, not burned; burning it wasn't fun for anyone. Aunt Petunia liked her tea with milk and sugar, and she liked it laid out neatly and prettily. Dudley ate the most and made a mess; Uncle Vernon liked the paper to be set to the right of his plate—never the left. It was the little things that mattered to the Dursleys, Harry had found. While the bacon sizzled, a safe distance from burning, Harry examined the mound of gifts that grew from the kitchen table. It appeared Dudley had received the new computer, as well as several new computer games, and the racing bike. She couldn't fathom why her lazy pudding of a cousin even wanted a racing bike, as biking wasn't exactly an excercise that involved punching someone, and punching was the only excercise Dudley wanted anything to do with. His favorite punching bag was Harry herself, never mind that she was a girl and almost impossible for him to catch. She might not look it, but Harrietta Potter was very fast. It might have been because she lived in a small dark place, but Harry was small and skinny for her age. She looked smaller and skinnier than she really was, as all she had to wear were secondhand clothes bought four sizes too big so she could "grow into them". Large green eyes stared out of a thin face, hidden behind round glasses, which were held together with a lot of Scotch tape; the glasses broken often, because Dudley dearest loved nothing more than to give her a good whack in the nose as she passed. The only thing Harry found interesting about her appearance was a thin scar on her forehead, shaped like a bolt of lightning; this scar was a mystery to her, because although she'd had it for as long as she could remember, Harry didn't have a clue as to how she'd got it, nor why it was shaped so funnily. "In the car crash that killed your parents, and don't ask questions," came the brusque reply to her tentative inquiry. Don't ask questions, had to be the number one rule for peace with the Dursleys. Uncle Vernon entered as Harry was toasting bread and turning the bacon. "Comb your hair." He barked, and Harry turned away to hide her glare. So much for civility, she thought, and slammed down the plate of toast just a bit harder than she originally meant. She had to hold the record for most haircuts within a ten-year period. It seemed that once a week, either Aunt Petunia would look up from her cleaning, or Uncle Vernon from his paper, and they'd shout that she simply must have that "mane" cut off. No matter what they did, however, it just grew right back into the wild curls they so despised. Harry herself had given up on it; she just brushed it twice a day and prayed it wouldn't get in her way. By the time Dudley arrived with his mother, Harry was frying their eggs. Dudley looked like his father, with a big pink face and small, blue eyes. Thick blond hair lay flat against his thick flat skull. Aunt Petunia often said that Dudley looked like a baby angel, but Harry privately thought he looked a bit like a pig in a wig. To be fair, of course, Dudley said Harry looked like "that snake-haired Greek lady", and the argument of appearances went round and round. Dudley plunked himself down in a chair and began to count the presents that obscured the table. "Thirty-six," He announced sourly, "that's two less than last year." "Have you counted Auntie Marge's present? It's under this big one from Mummy and Daddy." Aunt Petunia carefully extracted the small package from beneath the bigger one, presenting it to her son. "All right, thirty-seven, then," Dudley said. His face started to go red, and Harry sensed a Dudley tantrum to be reckoned with coming on, so began eating her bacon at super speed. When this, happened, she wanted to be long-gone. "And we'll buy