A/N This is just a little story that I have been working on but it won't take away from my syot as that comes first District Two Artic POV (18) "Morning babe", Felon said to me. We have been going out for three years now and I love it. We agreed that only one of us would volunteer for the games. This is the day of my last reaping and I intend to volunteer but the problem is so does Felon, she has always dreamed about it so if she volunteers i won't because I might be the one to kill her. "I have to go to my house and get ready for the reaping", Felon whispers to me and leaves my house to walk right to the other side of town. I go back to bed only to find that my mother has already taken out my reaping clothes. My outfit is pretty simple just a navy blazer, a clean t shirt and a pair of grey pinstriped trousers. Downstairs my mother is making breakfast but isn't any old cereal no it's bacon and cereal with hot milk. The small alone is enough to draw you in and make you want more when you've ate it all. MY brother has bet me down the stairs and has already ate most of it. I sit down at the island in our kitchen. "Hey Arti" my sister Asia says from down the hall. We are triplets I am the oldest then there is asia and finally Africa who is twenty minutes younger than me. My father is the last to come down the stairs her hopes at least one of will volunteer as he wants family honour back after last year my cousin Collier was killed in the bloodbath by her own district partner. "Hello father", Asia chirps. "Morning all" he says in his deep baritone voice. He always intrigued me as he never really told us what went on at his work only that he deals with a lot of death and that he isn't a peacekeeper. "Well which one of my bright little stars will be volunteering today", he mumbles "me" I shout, "good" he says at least we stand a chance this year. After Breakfast I run to the bathroom to get there first before Asia as she takes years. When I get there and see that the door is still open I sigh. But that was short lived as Asia elbows me out of the way and into the toilet to apply her layers of some disgusting chemical called make up. At least Felon never wears anything like that she is just a normal girl. When Asia finally comes out we have only an hour before the reaping so I have to be quick. When I enter I am taken over by a strong smell of perfume. I swear I will kill her when I get out of here. I start shaving and immediately notice what she has wrote on the wall in Lipstick." It was my turn this year and you took it from me", After I leave the bathroom and walk to my room which is right next door I see that all my clothes have been torn." Mom why is my reaping outfit all ripped up" I shout down. "Asia" she shouts. "Yes mother "Asia says innocently while walking down the hall in a pale pink frock with grey high heels."Tell me why you sabotaged your brothers clothes" mother says sternly." I wanted to"was her answer and she left. I put on a new shirt and took one of dads ties and left to walk to the town square. It was a short walk so I still have half an hour before the reaping even starts. When I get in line all the people ahead of me look afraid but I do not why as it is the reaping everyone is usually happy and joyful that Two might get yet another victor. The reaping begins as it normally does at eleven 'o' clock. Our escort Cortina Farm waltzes onto to the stage with her usual flashy style. This year she is sporting a sickly green dress and bright orange hair. We watch the film on The Dark Days and the then Mayor Stark has a speech. Finally Cortina is ready to announce the girl. "Our female tribute from District Two is the wonderful" she gets cut off by the words "I volunteer" I see a girl from the sixteen year old section make her way to the stage. She has long black hair and dark blue eyes. She is good looking but looks are District One's weapon and she won't win the audience that way. I hope she is good with weapons so we don't look to bad. "What is your name dear" Cortina asks excitedly. " Filipa Bibble" the girl says confidently." Well Filipa shall we see who will be joining you" Cortina shouts " yes" Filipa says. "Our male tribute from District Two is Wesley Chester" Cortina screeches. A small wisp of boy makes his way to stage but before he gets there I shout" I volunteer" "Well its seems we have yet another volunteer, whats your name sweet heart" Cortina Says as she fumbles with the michrophone. " Artic Frost" I say. "well there you have it District Two's tributes Filipa Bibble and Artic Frost" Cortina squeals. "Shake hands" she tells us. I look into her eyes and see that she is already plotting how I will die. We are whisked off into the crying rooms as the lower districts call them. These rooms are only used after a reaping so the tributes family can come and say goodbye. The peacekeepers are really strict about coming into these rooms and they search you before they allow you first visitors are Mom and Dad. "well done my son we are so proud" my father says while hugging me. "Promise me you will win" my mother says before bursting into tears."I promise" I say almost crying as well. MY mother gives me a gold ring as my token and then they are whisked away. Next in is Asia and Africa bout looking smug. "Promise you will kill Filipa during the bloodbath" Asia says. " why" I say looking at her quizzically. "No one likes her she is so arrogant" Asia says getting annoyed. "Bye" is Af said as he never talked that much. With that they were gone. " only one other person will come and see me and that is Felon. She walks in a midnight blue gown that reaches the floor. She kisses me full on the lips before we sit down. "Please win Arti For me", she says. " Don't worry i will be back before you know it and I will have my own house so we can live together. District Four Sandra POV (16) The smell of the sea is beautiful and intoxicating, I love it so much I don't know what I would do without it. I get up early so i can go down and have a swim as it might be my last one in District Four. When I reach the beach I see about four or five people diving off the pier into the water. In Four everyone is so free and no one cares about anything that is until reaping day. We usually get a male or female volunteer but rarely both. I swim for about a kilometre before i come back to the shore and use my towel to dry off. The walk back to my house is peaceful and quiet. All you can hear is the lapping up on the beach and the gulls squawking and chattering to each other. I arrive at my house to see the door wide open , thinking something is wrong I run straight inside. Only to find that my mother was just cleaning out the chicken coop we have. I go in to the house and smell the Scallops and Oysters being fried probably by my older brother called Neptune. Neptune always sings and if I get reaped or volunteer for the games as it is so soothing and gentle even when he is angry his voice is so kind. I eat my breakfast as slowly as possible so I can savour the taste and waste time. I don't want the reaping to come and take away two unfortunate souls but mind you those who volunteer deserve what they usually get." how are you doing this mornin" Neptune says gleefully. "You know how I feel so why do you ask" I answer him. "As I have a present for you". He hands me a chain of metal with a blue gemstone. He says it is from District One and that the stone is a sapphire. After I finish my breakfast I go back to my room to comb my long dirty blonde hair to make it look better. I usually wear it down but today I have to look nice for the reaping so I put up in a bun. My outfit this year is a light aqua marine dress with little fishes and stars on it. I also have a pair of flats to go with it. I stand in front of the mirror and see if I look good enough for the reaping as most of the girls really car about their appearance. Unlike me, I just wear a wet suit and sometimes a track suit. "HELLO" my father says as he walks in the door. He was probably at the family shop checking if it was ok and that nothing had been stolen. " HI " I say in the most positive tone i can muster from all my fear. He smiles and walks into the kitchen to get his breakfast and his daily cup of the worlds most disgusting drink Coffee. In the games Coffee has been known to save as well as take lives. It keeps you awake when feel tired but unfortunately it is usually expensive so a lot of sponsors have to contribute to it. My brother is sitting on the couch next to his boyfriend Jameson who is so cool. Her thought me how to throw knives and use a trident. "Ready to go Sandy or will we wait another few minutes"Neptune asks me. " Yes , Bye Mom bye dad" I say. " bye sweetie" they say in unison and we leave for the town square which is twenty minutes away from where I live. " this is our last reaping Nep" Jameson Says happily. " Yes it is" Neptune says back. As we near the square I hear the chatter of all the excited teens who speculate about who will volunteer. After they prick my finger I join my friend Moira in the sixteen year old section. "who do you think It'll be" Moira asks me. " i don't know, you"I reply. " I think it might be one of the youngins" she says coldly. Our escort Margerie comes onto the stage and the reaping begins. We watch the film and listen to the Mayor give his speech on why the games are good for everyone in all of Panem. When he finishes Margerie says" Ladies first". "The female tribute from District Four is Sandra Seagrange" she says loudly. This can't be my name was only in there five times. I can hear crying which must be Neptune. I shuffle my way to the stage trying to keep my dignity and trying to make a good impression on the Capitol and the careers. "Well done dear ,now would you kindly stand there. Margerie points to a spot on the stage as she says this. "now lets see who are male is" Margerie squeals. "The male tribute from District four is Napt " she gets cut off by a boy from the eighteen year old section.