Life was just as much cruel as it was generous. Anything it gave it would, eventually, reap back without so much as a pathetic, apologetic smile. Quoted directly by me as I lay upon my deathbed, that life had given me just as much grief as it had joy. I think over the laughs I had shared, the lives I had so cruelly taken all in the name of good faith, the songs I had sung, the nights I had cried myself unconscious, the days my bones sagged with an unforgiveable sort of hollowness and the days I had smiled so brightly and for so long that it hurt to even move my cheeks a single inch. I have said my goodbyes, made my peace with those who still see me as a hooligan and an enemy, I have kissed those who I hold so dear and do so in return and I have shaken the hands of those I tolerate for only families sake. I am at ease, ready to walk up to the golden gates of whatever-the-hell comes next, ready to stare into the familiar face of death who will get to surpass the tottering and lingering that we had practiced before, scoop me up in his arms and take me to my rightly placed. My mark has been left, to say the least, born in an era of brutal and unforgiving war that was smothered by a cotton, cushy blanket for many years until it was ripped away cruelly and the war rolled onwards, claiming me as its victim and marking me a willing participant. But as I await the lips and touch of good ol' death, I think back to my teen years. More specifically, August fourteenth, 1993. Wiltshire, England. Drawing Room, Malfoy Manor. The pages of the newspaper were crisp, stiff and still warm from their very recent print-out. My legs, a great deal shorter than they are in the present day, dangled from the cool leather of the armchair, crossed tightly at the ankle. A low and melodic hum skirted around the room from my mouth, so tightly pinched shut, and lulled in perfect unison to the Wireless over by the vanity where a wordless tune played, the minutes and seconds only filled with the very classical strum and beat of the more elegant instruments of my time as a fourteen year old girl. The hours of the morning were early, the sun barely making an appearance over the horizon, but yet my hair, as long and near white as it was, hung down pin straight; my lips tinted a soft pink that I had purposefully painted to match my cheeks; my complexion free of its newly risen red blotches, now neutralized and at one and my lashes tinted black and elongated to brush up against my perfectly sculpted brows. A quill of peacock feather sat in my lap, dripping small beads of ink onto the freshly tailored, hand-crafted dress of only the best royal blue fabric money had to possibly offer that I bore, acting like it wasn't the type of dress that even some of the wealthier families would reserve strictly for special occasions. My eyes – always caught between that awkward yet slightly pretty shade of blue and grey – wandered around a small section of the paper with determination as I tried to solve the ever changing puzzle before it had a chance to switch around. Malfoy Manor was still, as it should be in the early hours of dawn, the sun only just starting to filter in, striking the goblin-crafted glass chandelier and sprinkling the brightest colours over every surface not masked by shadow. It made the day seem almost hopeful. Every so often the beads would tremble under the force of movement set up by house-elves who pottered about doing their morning duties or possibly belonging to that of my mother or father, known to be early risers themselves, because who doesn't want to wake early and get a fresh outlook on a day that consists of brooding, smouldering, huffing and political debates? "Bother," I grumble in a huff as the numbers I had tried so hard to decipher vanished before my very eyes in a gleam of lavender scented smoke, reappearing in a new order and a new setting of difficulty. A muffled yet clear as day creek tinkled in from the foyer and my hand, on its ways to retrieve the quill, froze statue still and my heart all but beat out from my chest. Someone's coming. With that someone, it would be one of three people, concluding the fact that that creek was far too loud to belong to those of a weightless elf. People mean more presence and more presence means – As quick as a bolt of lightning, I refolded that morning's edition of the Prophet and set it neatly upon the coffee table, occupying my hands with something less likely to earn me a five minute rant on why the current state of the general public (also known as their fear over Sirius Black) has led to a misguided and incredibly inaccurate bias articles that are incredibly unfit for a women of my age, grace and status to be reading. I glanced at the title page briefly, just in case of questioning, and felt a little bit of my soul drown at the bleary title of British Politics: Throughout the Ages . Why it was on the coffee table instead of stowed away somewhere boring in the grand shelves of my Father's study, I would never know, but the reasoning in which it was there had saved me five minutes of my life that could have been wasted on bereavement instead of a much more welcomed silence. The light steps drew nearer and immediately I could attach a face to the intruder – my mother, of course, because it had always seemed like she had the best way of almost walking in on me doing something I'm not supposed to be doing. "Morning," I greeted, barely moving my eyes from the page. Her shadow, small, dainty and elegant as she was, crossed of the bind of the book as she unclasped the windows and opened them, allowing an immediate tickle of the cool summer morning air to bustle in. "Morning, my love." Her fingers smoothed over my jaw and chin, leaving behind a warm trail. She did not comment on the earliness that I had chosen to wake at for there was really no reason for her to be up at this hour, either. "I bet your father would be delighted that you're taking such a… keen interest in politics." She spoke my father's alias with a slight air of annoyance, a sure sign that they were either bickering (which would explain the book) or there had been another uncovering of one of Lucius's secret affairs with much uglier woman, turning my Mother into a puddle of self-pity and despair. Both completely plausible and there was no way to uncover the truth without asking outright, something not even the stupidest of people would think to do. "Oh, I'm not taking an interest," I tittered with an uncaring shrug, determined to somewhat lighten the mood, even if that be only for myself, "I just happen to think that Minister Fudge is really good looking. I thought, Andria, you need something to talk with him about, and I thought the history of his profession would be an excellent place to start." My Mother let out a snort of some sorts and I didn't bother to try and figure out its meaning. She didn't allow me to scrutinise it either as she promptly picked up the Prophet with such fury, fury that shouldn't be placed on a couple of pages of terribly composed articles and gossip. "These bloody house-elves," she growled, the thin sheets creasing under her intense grip. "Tell me, Andria, am I speaking English when I tell those – those vermin that the mornings Prophet should be set upon the dining room table in Lucius's placement?" I strung it down to a rhetorical question and didn't pose an answer, more so because I would have to lie, because her orders were in English and carried out correctly and it wasn't until I had gotten my hands upon it and removed it from its rightful place that the orders had not been followed. But I would much rather an elf get walloped over me for sure – discipline in the Malfoy Household was not a topic treated lightly. Sure, the elf may even face death (as banishment was an absolute no-go, who knew how much these creatures had heard over the years?), especially since the Dobby Scandal of Early '93 still had both my mother and father on edge, but it didn't faze me, not at that age. To me, they were servants, completely devoted to the serving of my family for generations passed and generations to come. "Come," Mother barked, startling me from delving any deeper into a daydream "breakfast should be served any minute. It would be foolish to be late." Foolish to be late roughly translated into there are matters in need of discussing and it would be very wise of you to be there from the beginning because I am not repeating anything like some common bird . I smiled – because I had grown up around Narcissa and knew when to test my luck – and got to my feet, softly closing the book and setting it back where I found it. I followed her briskly into the dining room, where not even the plates had been set, and took my place, two spaces down from the head's right, and sat in silence. We sat that way for what must be an hour, I not daring to make even the smallest of noises in fear of having my Mother's unexplained wrath placed upon me. To occupy myself, I sat with my hands in my lap and tapped out numerous piano songs along my legs, from Beethoven to Mozart just to occupy myself from spiralling into premature insanity. Draco and my father eventually descended the stairs in unison, taking their places – Draco's to my left, across from our mother, and father at the head of the table. "My Mother's coming to visit." Lucius drawled and my heart sank through the floor boards. Luciette Malfoy was no grace, that was for certain, and I had to physically bite at my tongue to keep myself from audibly groaning. Suddenly, mother's mood became all that much clearer. Being a Black, one of the oldest and noblest wizarding families to ever grace the earth, it was very much beneath her to allow such a crooked and vile woman speak to someone she holds most dear to her in a crooked and vile way. It was no secret that Luciette thought me unworthy of the Malfoy name, that my true heritage tainted the name both of my parents had granted me with when they took me in. She referred to me adamantly by the name Lestrange after my blood father and if she felt that that wasn't demeaning enough, she would add girl at the end just to put me in my place. Apparently, the 'charitable' work Lucius and Narcissa granted me after having my rightful parents taken from me (one murdered, the other incarcerated for his allegiance with the Dark Lord) should have ended at least a decade ago and she blamed Narcissa wholeheartedly for being coerced into her sisters last wishes to care for me like she did her own. "She'll only be here for an hour or two so the both of you can wipe those sour looks off your faces." While I knew how to tread carefully around my mother when she was feeling particularly grouchy, my father had yet to master the arts – or perhaps he just didn't