Summary : The 244th Hunger Games are about to happen. Alecsander is protected in a comfortable blanket of his well to do family, his closest friend, and his forgotten past, but this fake reality is shattered when he is thrown into the Hunger Games, being forced to meet new people, the capitol, and ultimately, himself. Warnings: Contains death, murder, slash , strong language, and extreme violence. A/N: This is an original hunger games fic, meaning all original characters. I have written quite a bit of chapters for this, and I only need to edit them to be publishable for the site. If all goes well with this first chapter, I will continue to post the remaining chapters weekly. This chapter has 7707 words, and each chapter will have around 5000-7000 words. Please review at the end so I can see what you people think about it, and whether or not I should continue to edit and write! Thank you! Chapter 1 My eyes snap open, blinking wildly as I take in my surroundings. An endless expanse of tall stalks of wheat lies before me. Further down, there is a dog, and I have to force my eyes to blink once more, trying to distinguish the dog's fur from the same grainy color of the swaying wheat. My own hair, which is almost the same color as everything else, too blows in the gust of the wind. The dog's eyes shoot to my own, as if I have intruded on him. He bolts away, blending in with the wheat once more. As if a game, I chase after it, a light innocent laughter escaping my mouth. My hands go out to the side and the soft grain lightly dances on the smooth skin of my hands. With the warm sun, and the earthy smell of the field, I embrace it all, perfectly at peace. As I reach this status, the image of the dog and field deteriorates just as soon as it had appeared. The gentle voice of someone calling my name tears me from my place, and my hands extend out, trying to cling to the peace. Instead, I find a wooden plank that is the edge of my bed. I was just dreaming. "Alecsander." I sense the caller hovering just above me, but I keep my eyes tightly shut. Instead, I grumble in my daze, bringing the warm blankets back up to my chin, wanting more than anything to go back to my dream. With the dream still in my mind, I realize that I was younger in my dream; several years younger, several years more innocent, and definitely, several years happier. I was blissful: ignorant and oblivious to the realities of the world. How I wish I had all of that again. "Come on, Alecsander, it's time to get up," my mother's voice rings out again. She always tries to wake me up an hour earlier than when I really need to. Sighing, I wave my hand in the air to where I presume her face is. "Sleepy," I grumble, but a small smile plays on my lips, as I push myself closer into the warmth of my bed. My eyes are still closed, but I can feel the same silly smile on her face. We play this game every morning. I'm in by no means a morning person, and she knows it takes me a long time to properly get up, so she wakes me in stages, letting my mind slowly crawl out the crevasses of my unconscious. "Five minutes," I hear her soft voice say, before the light tapping of her feet signals her leaving. She'll be back in fifteen, I think as I roll over, snuggling back up into the soft comfort of the bed. I enter a light sleep, forcefully trying to reach that golden field once more, but, there's a darkening nagging mood in the pit of my stomach. I can't place it at first, and the more I think about it, the more it grows. Then I remember, and my eyes snap open for the first time. It's not because my mother calls my name again. No. It's the realization of what today is, and my heart falls in dread. The dreams of my sleep had protected me throughout the night of what I have feared all week. Today is the Reaping. I stare around the room in thought, thinking about what will inevitably come. I pull the sheets off me and sit up, letting my feet hit the cold wood of the floor. I get the feeling of dread and anxiety as I think about the prospect of what could actually happen at that dark event, and I can't help but let my mind run through all the different scenarios. Who will be called? What if it's someone I know, or worse, what if it's me? What would I do? What should I do? I know it's horrible, but I would rather have my brother's or sister's name called than my own. I'm just not built for the arena. Well, I suppose nobody is built for the arena in district 11, but of anyone, me especially. I'm not quite sure how I would react if my name was chosen, but I bite my finger nails in nervousness at the prospect. My body is already unusually awake as my mind reels at all the possibilities. Not knowing what to do, I am partially happy when my mother finally comes back into the room. My eyes immediately seek out hers, and when they meet, I know that she has been worrying over it just as much as I have. I see nervousness in those eyes, sadness, and most prominently, fear. For reasons I can't comprehend, it installs a desire to protect her, and I slowly pull myself up, trying to be strong. "It's okay, mum," I say as I bring my arms around her, "the chances that any of us will be chosen are small." She quickly brings her own arms around me, and I try to give her a reassuring squeeze, but it feels more like a tight embrace as my comment reminds me of my older siblings; my brother and my sister. My brother is eighteen years old and his last time having his name in the raffle. For my sister, who has just turned seventeen, she still has to endure two more years. I have the unlucky fortune of having to endure it three more times. Still, we fare a lot better than most families in District 11, most of who are so poor that, just to get food to survive, they have to enter their names more than once. I've heard horror stories from school, where some people have a total of thirty or more slips of paper in the raffle. If I feel as horrible as I do now, I can't imagine how it would feel if I had to do that. It's a humbling reminder of how lucky I am... My mother unwraps herself from my 'reassuring' embrace, before giving me a steady look. "I've made breakfast," my mother says, and with the sound of her voice, my brain registers her fear. My hand goes back to her shoulder, and I try to give her another reassuring squeeze, just wanting her not to worry about it anymore. "Please don't worry, mum. We'll be fine, I promise." Even I can hear the fallacy of truth laced in my words. "I know," she says, either not noticing it or just looking past it. She looks down at the floor, her light blonde hair falling in front of her eyes, giving her an even more depressing look. "I just wish that none of this would ever happen," she adds, her voice breaking slightly, "I wish that you'd never have to go through this." At this point, I don't know what to say. There isn't anything we can do about it. It has always been. Everyone has to go through it. These things flicker through my mind as it reels at the acknowledgement from my mother. "Come on, you need to get ready," my mother mutters before I have the chance to reply to her last statement. She once again gives me a long look, before slowly walking out of my bedroom and back into the living room. I quickly make my way over to my wooden drawers, and the smooth cotton of a plain t-shirt rubs against my skin as I slip it on. I then quickly pull up a pair of black trousers before I make my way through the house and into the kitchen. Almost immediately, I'm hit with the melancholy atmosphere as my family sits at the dining room table in the center of the room, my brother and my sister's heads staring down at their plates. In the middle of the table, my mother has prepared some simple egg fluff and grape juice. The air is eerily silent as I take a seat next to my brother and across from my sister. My father just sits at the foot of the table, his face hidden behind a newspaper. My mother is still at the stove, mixing together some extra eggs in a frying pan. The smell of the eggs frying and the food in the middle of the table reminds me once more of the fact that we have so much to eat. I easily contribute it to the fact that my parents are a part of the few in District 11 who make wine for the Capitol, a very profitable profession, especially since they are so good at it. It's almost bittersweet, though, as the only time of the year that we do really have a lot to eat is in the on-season, which are the months around the time of the Hunger Games. Because my parents are extremely good at making wine, the Capitol pays us more than most to buy it. Despite this fact, the amount it sells for is still only enough to provide food in the on-season. In the off-season, we have to ration the food that we have saved beforehand. We wouldn't even have an off-on season if it weren't for the capitol. They take all of our wine before each winter so to make sure that we don't have any for ourselves. Because of this, we can't ration out our stores. But since we're basically the only food producing district, the Capitol controls the temperatures of the district artificially to reflect different growing seasons for different types of food. Winter can hardly be called a winter as it never gets even close to freezing. Instead, that's the season to grow more exotic fruits and vegetables, the temperature of everywhere reflecting this. With temperatures easily above 100, it's not very good for wine fermentation. During the summer, ironically, the temperatures drop and it's under perfect conditions to ferment wine. It's just another way for the Capitol to claim more control over our lives. I sigh; thinking about this is hard, because I know so many people suffer throughout the District. Regardless, I reach across the table and place some of the yellow fluffy eggs onto my plate. The eerie silence continues, making the room cold and static as everyone divulges into their own thoughts about what will happen in the day. Just by their anxious faces, it's obvious that my brother and sister are just as worried about the Reaping as I am. I hesitantly take the chance to try and make them feel better, repeating the words I told my mother minutes before and the same words that I have been uttering all week. "You know the chances really are small." Each time I say them, I get more of a hint that it's more to reassure myself rather than to reassure anyone else. My mum looks up from the stove and gives me a small, warm smile, lighting