I wrote this story for mores2sl back in October 2016 - its a charity that helps children fighting cancer. So many fantastic authors and artists from the HG fandom contributed a piece to this worthy cause so keep an eye out as it may happen again this year. Anyway we can now publish our works so I would like to take the opportunity to thank sponsormusings and papofglencoe for being amazing betas and friends. Please let me know what you think - I would love to hear from you. Enjoy! Chapter 1 "Oh, dammit!" Katniss shrieks, dropping her knife next to the half-chopped parsley and running over to the stove to pull the burning pot of stew off the gas burner. Placing it carefully on the sink, she grabs a wooden spoon, hoping the meal is still salvageable - but very quickly she realises the food smells like charcoal and the bottom of the pot is singed black. Tears of frustration threaten to fall at the corners of her eyes and she lets out a sigh of defeat. Swiftly, she scrapes the burnt remnants into the nearby trash can and throws the pot into the sink with some hot water and detergent. She determinedly scrubs away her failed mess and prepares herself to start all over again. You can do this, Katniss. You may not be a domestic goddess, but surely you can cook a meal for your husband. From the small kitchen, she hears the front door open and then close with a heavy bang. She doesn't need to look up to know whose familiar footsteps are heading into the nearby living room, the occupant parking themselves on her couch. The sound of the television switching on breaks the quietness of the house. Since it's Wednesday and it's the finale of The Real Housewives of the Capitol, she was expecting him to drop by. "You're like clockwork, Finnick," she calls out. "And hello to you too." "Hey," he calls back distractedly, already engrossed with the opening credits. Katniss shakes her head, continuing to scrub at the base of the pot with vigour. She can't believe how sucked into that show he is. Out of boredom she'd tried to watch a couple of episodes with him over the season, but it had always left a bad taste in her mouth. The affluent women on that show live in a completely different world than what she's used to. She'd found it impossible to find anything in common with them - a bunch of dolled up fake housewives whose only mission in life seemed to be dressing up for their husbands and shopping for a new plastic surgeon. It's a far cry from Victors County, the small and friendly town she lives in. With the population standing at just over a thousand people, the county is well-known in Panem for its large, luscious woodlands, and its wide range of rare and exotic animals. The Mockingjay in particular drew people from far and wide; an unusual bird unique to the area, it was a symbol of hope, appealing to people with the mythology attached to it that if you ever cross paths with one, you'll live a long and happy life. The townsfolk themselves believe the myth, but rarely see the bird; tourists eager for the sight of the good omen even less. It doesn't lessen the appeal behind the Mockingjay, though - if anything, it makes the sighting of one of them even more of a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity. The people of Victors County are a proud and hardworking bunch, where everybody knows everybody else. It's a place you'd feel comfortable enough to leave your windows and doors unlocked, and where friendly neighbors can come inside and make themselves comfortable. There might be the odd scandal here or there, like the time Mr Mellark left his wife and family and ran off with the local barmaid, or when Sheriff Abernathy got so drunk at the town fair that he fell off the stage - or like last year, when her cousin Gale rigged the Christmas raffle with 42 entries so he'd win first prize, a professional bow and arrow set. Even with its quirks and eccentricities, Katniss loves Victors County. It offers the quiet and peaceful life she prefers - she grew up here and met and married the love of her life here. It's simply home. "Hey, Kat, do you have any potato chips?" Finnick asks, sauntering into the kitchen and breaking her out of her thoughts, before wrinkling his nose in disgust. "Eurgh, what's that smell?" Katniss turns and gives him a scowl. "My attempt at an anniversary dinner." "Your anniversary isn't until Saturday." He opens the pantry door and ducks his head inside. "I know that, but I need to practice. It's a complicated recipe." "Well, with that smell wafting through the kitchen, I think it's safe to say you failed," he smirks, pulling out a large bag of salt and vinegar chips. "Thanks for your support," she replies back sarcastically. "Anytime." He winks playfully and rips open the bag. "Why don't you just get Peeta to make it?" "Because I want it to be a surprise," Katniss defends, becoming annoyed. "I owe him - he's always making me delicious dinners and coming up with any reason to spoil me." She reaches over and pulls out a handful of chips for herself, popping them in her mouth and swallowing before continuing. "We've been married for a year, and I want to do something special for him." She picks up an old and wrinkled piece of paper from the counter. "This recipe belonged to his Grandma Sae. His Mom told me he loved it as a kid, so I thought it would be nice if I recreated it for him." "That sounds like a great idea, but don't be too hard on yourself," Finnick replies through a mouthful. "Remember the guy is absolutely smitten with you. In fact, you could serve him a bowl of soup filled with wild dog and he'd still ask for seconds. I've never seen a guy more committed – it's kind of sickening." Katniss' mouth curls into a smile, and she feels warmth radiating through her heart at Finnick's words. Even though they'd been together for six years and had lost their virginities to each other on their wedding night almost a year ago, she still feels like they're in the honeymoon stage of their relationship - like they can't keep their hands off each other and a day apart is a day too long. She knows how lucky she is, and she sometimes has to pinch herself in order to remind herself that it's all real. "I just find it hilarious," Finnick cuts in, breaking her out of her stupor - she didn't realise he was still talking. "That Peeta teaches cooking classes every Wednesday night down at the rec centre, and yet here you are, his wife, who can't cook." He chuckles loudly, his bright eyes glinting in amusement. "Why don't you go to the classes with him? I'm sure he'd give you a discount." "Why don't you get your cable fixed and stop coming over here to watch my TV and eat all my chips?!" She retorts back, snatching the bag away. "Oh, hey, don't be like that," he pouts. "I was just kidding…sort of." "Out of my kitchen," she snaps back, but there's no real malice behind her words. Finnick has been a good friend to both of them ever since he moved to town during their teen years. It was because of his advice and influence that Peeta finally found the courage to reveal to her his soul-consuming crush and asked her out. So no matter how much Finnick annoys her, she can never stay mad at him for too long. "Okay, okay," he says, raising his hands up in surrender and backing out of the room. "I know when I'm not wanted. I'll be in the living room perving on Cashmere Cardello's ass if you need me." Rolling her eyes, Katniss turns back towards the kitchen counter, relieved he's finally out of her hair, and looks down at the handwritten recipe. A new sense of determination settles in her bones, and she begins pulling out a second lot of ingredients - she's glad she thought of buying double of everything when she was at the market yesterday. As she cuts up the lamb, her mind concentrates on the task at hand, and she doesn't hear her cell phone ring nearby. It takes a few moments of the phone's idle default tune to break her out of her concentration. With a distracted sigh, and wondering who else wants to disturb her tonight, she reaches for the phone, not bothering to check the caller I.D. "Hello." "Sweetheart," a gruff and familiar voice announces from the other end. "You need to come and pick up your boy from the station." "You're never one for pleasantries, are you Haymitch?" She asks sarcastically before realising what he's just said. "Wait! Did you say Peeta's at the station?" Her eyes go wide in fear, and she starts thinking the worst. "What happened? Is he alright? Is he hurt?" "He's fine, just a little red-faced," he replies back shortly. "We were all pretty shocked when Darius brought him in to be processed." " Processed? What do you mean?" "He's been arrested, sweetheart." He immediately follows his words with a juicy belch. "You need to come and bail him out." Katniss stands there blankly for a moment, the only movement coming from her chest due to her heavy breathing. Have I heard right? This can't be real. Surely it has to be a prank he's pulling. Yes – that's it. She wouldn't put it past Haymitch to do something like this. She manages to find her voice again. "Very funny, Haymitch. Did none of Mrs Hawthorne's geese escape for you today, so you had to find another way to amuse yourself?" She switches the phone over to her other ear, flipping her dark braid out of the way. "I can't believe you thought this was going to work – everyone knows Peeta teaches a class on Wednesday nights, if you –" "Just get your ass down here, Katniss," he cuts her off sternly. "This isn't a joke. I'll explain when you get here." The line abruptly falls dead. She puts her phone on the counter slowly, immediately realising Haymitch is telling the truth. He rarely uses that tone of voice around her and he certainly never calls her by her first name unless it's something serious. Shit. What on earth has Peeta done? With the stew now forgotten and her heart beating anxiously, she grabs her purse and walks out into the living room. She stands there in a daze for a moment, trying to make sense of it all. Her mind boggles as it sifts through a number of ideas and endless possibilities in figuring out what Peeta could have done - but each scenario becomes more and more unlikely. "Was that Peet?" Finnick calls out, his eyes still locked on the screen. "Tell him to bring home some leftovers." Katniss turns to face the back of Finnick's head, staring at his styled bronze hair, still speechless. After a few moments of heavy silence he turns to her, wondering why she hasn't answered him. Immediately, he does a double take and is on his feet, concern etching his entire face. "Hey, are you okay? What's wrong?" Her mouth feels like it's been stuffed with cotton wool, and she licks her lips, her voice baffled when she finally speaks. "Peeta's been arrested - that was Haymitch on the phone." Finnick's eyes widen for a moment, but then quickly narrow with doubt. "No way. It's got to be some kind of prank." "Apparently not. I've got to go and bail him out," she answers croakily, not recognising her own