Hi again guys. I really hope you enjoy this story. It was written for the Everlark Fic Exchange 2017 on tumblr. I chose the dialogue prompt from xerxia31 "this has got to be the strangest day of my life..." A big thank you to sponsormusings for her wonderful beta work and to my husband for bringing this 'event' to my attention. After my initial shock and a bit of a giggle I thought I have to everlark this somehow... Please let me know what you think as I love hearing from you. Katniss hears the ringing of the front door bell as she's putting on the final touches to her outfit. With fumbling fingers, she fixes the back of her pearl stud earring and shoves her feet into the only pair of strappy black heels she owns, praying that by the end of the night her feet won't ache and swell with juicy blisters. She gives her reflection a quick once over in the dust-covered mirror sitting in the far corner of her bedroom - her molten grey eyes stare back at her with nervousness and hesitancy. Taking a deep breath, she lowers her gaze and fretfully smooths out the wrinkles the iron failed to press out of the forest green spaghetti dress that clings to her body and highlights her small frame. It was the most expensive and date appropriate outfit she could find. She'd forgotten that she even had it, stumbling across it by accident behind all her winter coats at the back of her closest, ignored and with the sale tags still on. Katniss has never had a place or the opportunity to wear it out anywhere until tonight. She rarely goes out on dates, especially blind dates and isn't the type of person who enjoys socialising and fluttering around aimlessly like an overzealous butterfly high on life. Her work colleagues are her only friends, but even that's a loose statement depending on who you talk to. She much prefers to stay in the warm comfort and safety of her own cocoon since moving to Panem three years earlier. She likes that she has full ownership of the remote control and can watch any reality TV show she wants without the embarrassment and likelihood of snide remarks and ridicule. She's a creature of habit, one who prefers to curl up in her favorite armchair, dressed in sweats and enjoying a cup of creamy hot chocolate, no matter what the weather's like outside. However, a couple of months ago on Katniss' birthday – celebrated alone, exactly how she preferred it - fractures of doubt had begun to appear out of nowhere, threatening the fragile existence of her perfect bubble. It was that night while eating a cupcake she'd bought for herself as a treat that she'd realized that the mangy, pain in the ass cat she was looking after while her sister Prim was away at school, had started to hang out with the identical flea ball next door, and seemed to be having more of a social – and sex - life than her. The wakeup had been like a bomb going off, ringing loud and clear in her ears and it had forced her take a good, hard look at herself. She'd realised she didn't like what she saw - she was thirty two, had no real friends, no potential boyfriends waiting for her in the wings, and not even a single hobby she could draw any happiness from. She was living the same day over and over again like Bill Murray's character in Groundhog Day. The only difference between them was that she had the ability to actually change things, and yet was still purposely choosing to live this way on a daily basis. Deep down she'd known that she'd needed to break free from her comfortable haven and start experiencing more of what life had to offer beyond sitting on a couch. At the rate she was going, the only legacy she would be leaving in this world was the imprint of her rear end on an acrylic cushion. She'd already known what was holding her back. She hadn't needed an expensive psychiatrist to help her figure it out, it had been as clear as day – fear. Fear had been her biggest adversary since she'd been a child and she'd lost her father in a car accident. The crippling anxiety and the worrying thoughts that something bad might happen to her had been annoying and unwanted like foot rot, but they'd stuck. But she'd realised that now that she was older and matured, and was able to identify her triggers and the reasons behind them, she'd hoped she could lock all that away in a little black box and bury it 6 feet under. She knew she just needed to get out there and take that initial leap into the big, wide world and see where she landed. Which is exactly why the doorbell is ringing. Katniss had finally succumbed to months of bribery and heavy pressure from her work colleague, Madge, and agreed to go out on a blind date with a guy from the marketing department. She absently lists everything she knows about him in her head - his name is Cato Jackson and he works as an associate advisor for District Advertising. He enjoys lifting weights, camping…and apparently arriving fifteen minutes early to pick her up for their date. The doorbell rings again and Katniss tries not to grit her teeth in annoyance. She grabs her purse off the bed and heads to the front door, her heels clicking on the tiled floor, mimicking the rapid beating of her heart as she gets closer. Taking a deep breath, she swallows her anxiety and the internal need to pretend she's not home and swings open the door quickly before she can change her mind. No, no, no. Absolutely not. This is a terrible idea. Has Madge lost her mind? It's all she can think when her eyes fall upon the strange man's overbearing frame that's covering half her doorway, posing like he's on the cover of GQ magazine. This hulk of a man is triple her size and his broad shoulders are straining hard against his navy shirt, like he's about to break out and destroy half of the Capitol. Meanwhile, his blond hair looks like it's been bleached or he's spent way too much time under the hot rays of the sun, and the length is so short that it makes his head look out of proportion with his body. Madge had said he liked to lift weights but that would have to be a gross understatement. He's obviously a junkie who lives at the gym 24/7, who has protein shakes for every meal and injects high doses of steroids into his body on a regular basis. "Katniss." His voice comes out rough and scratchy, like the sound of scraping sandpaper. Her face is tight, but she manages to curl her mouth and muster a polite smile. Her stomach twists and clenches as she watches him blatantly look her up and down, clearly admiring her small, toned body. His gaze lingers a few seconds longer than necessary on the breasts that are being pushed up to effect thanks to the tight bodice of her dress. Oh god, this dress is a mistake. This whole thing is a mistake , her brain screams. I can't go out with him. Why on earth did I agree to this? I feel like a piece of meat being displayed on a butcher's block! Frantically she tries to think of an excuse to cancel the date at the last minute, her mind racing before he speaks up again. "So if you're ready, I thought we could go and check out Cinna's Art Gallery in the city." Katniss pauses and her eyes widen dramatically. Any thoughts of an escape plan now lie in the background to sit and simmer. That sentence. It was the last thing she was expecting to come out of his mouth. She's quite amazed he even knows what an art gallery is, not to mention the fact that he's offering to take her there on their first date. She was under the impression from Madge that he was a typical beers and football kind of guy and that they'd probably head to a bar for the night. Katniss had just been hoping whichever off the wall establishment they'd found themselves in would at least serve some decent food so she didn't have to eat a bowl of peanuts for dinner. But maybe she's been reading this whole situation wrong. Katniss knows she can often judge people harshly and jump to conclusions, so perhaps this time her assumptions about Cato Jackson are incorrect. Relief appears and sweeps through her system as she lowers her defences. She gives him a true, genuine smile and can't help but feel a little excited. "Cinna's Art Gallery?" She confirms. "That actually sound amazing. I've never been there before." "Really? Well you're in for a treat. I heard this exhibition is supposed to be…um…one of a kind," he answers, stumbling on his words before chuckling. "I went ahead and already purchased our tickets." "Sounds great," she replies beaming, and steps out onto the porch. She looks down to appraise her outfit for the tenth time. "Oh wait! Am I dressed alright for the exhibit? I know galleries can be fancy. It's not too revealing is it?" He gives her a smirk and looks her up and down again, his eyes turning bright with lust. "You look hot, there's no need to worry about your dress. We'll be the envy of everyone there. Trust me," he winks. That's…odd , she thinks, but she lets it go and follows him down the footpath until they reach his shiny BMW parked in the driveway. Katniss tries not to show her displeasure when she notices his right tire is sitting on top of her small garden bed of primroses, the weight of the car crushing the beautiful and delicate flowers she only just planted two weeks ago. Standing in the large foyer at Cinna's Art Gallery is like being part of a blissful dream you never want to wake up from. Katniss has never stepped inside such a building, one that can only be described as majestic. With wide eyes and a goofy grin, she looks like a kid on Christmas morning as she takes it all in. Her neck strains as she admires the huge cathedral formed ceilings and clear glass windows that are showing off the night sky. The universe is putting on its own exhibition tonight with its twinkling stars and orbiting planets, each one shining bright against the dark backdrop. Returning her gaze to the room around her, she's mesmerised by all the stunning pieces that are laid out on display in the arrival area where they're waiting in line to enter. Every piece is unique and she's itching to step out of her spot so she can take a closer look. She can only imagine what kind of beautiful wonders are waiting for her inside the actual exhibition. Just the ambience in the room is humming with excitement and electricity, but instead of it causing her alarm and the need to run back to the safe confines of her house, it brings her a sense of comfort she's can't explain. "So what's the show about?" Katniss asks curiously, turning her head to look at Cato. They haven't talked much since getting into his car, and at the moment he doesn't seem to be paying any attention to her. Instead, he's staring straight ahead, his neck craning around an older man with a shaved head who's standing in front of him, and looking around like he's searching for something. She follows his line of sight, but all she can see is a group of people being politely escorted