This one shot was written for the Everlark birthday drabbles blog on tumblr. Specifically gifted to andthisisthewonder who requested an age gap story with Peeta being the older one. This was my first time visiting this trope and it was a lot of fun. Thank you to sponsormusings for beta-ing this story for me. Enjoy! "Happy birthday old man!" Katniss jests with a grin as soon as the front door swings open with a loud creak. Peeta's stocky figure stands immobile, outlined by the wooden door frame and shadowed by the dim porchlight. He meets her gaze nervously with a tight lipped smile, and she's surprised to see him dressed in a pair of grey sweatpants and a ratty, old t shirt that has the name Mellark adorned across the front. The invitation she'd received said to dress casual - but she didn't think it would be this laid-back. "Sorry I'm late," she says, smoothing back a few wisps of dark hair that have fallen out of her braid. "I just got back from a job - of course my boss wouldn't let me have today off. He can be a real jerk sometimes," she adds, curling her lips into a smirk. "I couldn't agree with you more," he replies, his voice rough and uneven as he moves aside to let her through. She steps over the threshold quickly, wanting to escape the cold night air that was cutting through her skin like a sharp and icy knife. Inside the entry, she's greeted with a welcome rise in temperature; the heat wafts through from the burning fireplace that's situated in the next room and settles around her like a thick and cosy blanket. She sighs in relief, taking off her useless threadbare coat that she knows she should just throw away and places it on her usual hook by the door. Walking down the hallway, she makes her way towards the impressive entertaining and bar area that she knows is at the back of the two storey house - she's quite familiar with the dwelling's layout, considering her best friend loves to throw a good party and plays host regularly to all his family and friends. She stops in her tracks, however, when she finally notices the unexpected silence filling the house; there's no music, no laughter, no animated conversations - there's nothing. In fact the whole place is eerily quiet and draped in darkness - with the exception of wood crackling and light coming from the corner fireplace that's giving the living room a strange ambience. She hears his familiar heavy tread and a deep sigh fall from his lips when he stops behind her. "Where's the party?" She asks, turning around to face him in confusion. "It's only 9.30pm. Did people leave already?" "There was no party," he tells her simply, with a shrug of his shoulders. "I just had dinner with my brothers - you missed them by thirty minutes." "But," she splutters out, looking around and wondering if this is some sort of mistake. "They were throwing you a party - Rye sent me an invitation on Facebook." "I cancelled it," he states, walking past her to sit down on the soft fabric couch that faces the roaring fire. "I wasn't in the mood for a party." "But…we were going to celebrate you reaching a milestone," she says, staring over at him with a puzzled expression. "You don't turn forty every day," she reminds him, walking over and sitting down next to him. Her body sinks into the luxurious plush cushions like she's floating on a cloud, until she's momentarily distracted by something digging into her upper thigh. Reaching a hand into her jeans pocket, she pulls out an envelope, sitting it on the coffee table in front of them. "I just didn't want to make a big deal about it or anything," he tells her, turning his head to meet her gaze, his blue eyes looking bleak and downtrodden. After a beat and another heavy sigh, he reaches over to his left, grabbing a tall bottle that's sitting on the small side table. He pours a large amount of clear liquid into a glass tumbler, taking a long gulp and finishing it with a grimace. Her eyes widen in alarm. Peeta's not a heavy drinker and the pungent smell drifting into the air assaults her nostrils, making her want to gag. She wouldn't be surprised if the alcohol in that bottle could strip your insides out in a matter of seconds. With narrowed brows and her forehead creased with worry, she takes in his appearance more closely. Clearly something isn't right with him and she secretly berates herself for not noticing something was going on when she first arrived. This is completely out of character for him; he's never been one to dress in sweats and act like his dog's just died. His usual broad shoulders are now slackened, looking like they're being weighed down by a heavy burden. His usually styled blonde hair is ruffled and dishevelled, sticking up on all sides like he's been running his hands through it constantly. Normally he's so happy and confident, radiating a warm and friendly glow that has the ability to truly brighten anyone's day. It's one of the things Katniss grew to love about him after they'd first met; no matter how far she sometimes would get caught up in the darkness of her own mind, he always seemed to be able to draw her back to the light and show her that things could be good again. They've been friends for five years now and in that time she's never witnessed this type of behaviour from him before. "What's going on?" She asks him gently. "Nothing – everything's fine," he answers casually, waving away her concerns. "I just told Rye I'd prefer to have a quiet dinner with them – no big deal." Katniss purses her lips. "Hmm right…and let me guess, you made your own birthday dinner?" Even under the orange hue and dancing shadows bobbing around the room from the fire, Peeta's pink cheeks are still noticeable as he looks down guiltily. He plays with his empty glass, determined to avoid her disapproving gaze. "I prefer my own cooking anyway," he defends. "The only things Rye and Bran are good for are grilled cheese sandwiches and microwave mac n cheese." She's not entirely convinced with his reasoning on either the party or the dinner, but she doesn't want to start an argument with him. At least not today on his birthday. "Okay, if that's all it is then." "It is - I'm fine, really, you don't need to worry about me," he tells her, sensing her apprehension. He reaches over to grasp her hand in his, and she feels a warm tingling sensation vibrate in the centre of her palm. This isn't the first time her body's experienced a reaction like this when he's innocently touched her. "I'm really glad you still came," he adds, his mouth curling into the first genuine smile of the night. "Yeah well, you're lucky that I didn't check Facebook and see the party got cancelled - you know I barely tolerate social media," she laughs, before tilting her head to the side and staring past his shoulder pointedly. "So where did you get the liquor from?" "Ahh, well, that would be a gift from my neighbor. I have no idea how he knew it was my birthday, but he dropped it off earlier," he tells her. "And after that you decided to throw a party for one?" "Something like that," he answers, staring down and rolling the glass in his hands. "Well speaking of gifts – can I give you mine now?" She asks eagerly. It had taken her a long time to figure out what to get for him as he's always so thoughtful in his gift giving and she'd wanted to do the same - the pressure had been on to find the perfect gift to celebrate Peeta Mellark's 40th birthday. Putting his glass down, he smiles, humouring her. "Alright, Everdeen, hand it over - what did you get me?" She hands him a plain looking envelope. "Well, it can't be the pony I asked for," he teases, scrutinising the package. "Just open it," she lightly reprimands. He rips open the envelope with a flourish and pulls out a colorful card. He doesn't see a second, smaller golden envelope fall onto the floor, as his eyes become fixated on the birthday card. On the front cover is a picture of an elderly man sitting in a rocking chair with the saying: " Don't let old age get you down. It's too hard to get back up!" Katniss lets out a little laugh in amusement as she reads alongside him. She then turns her head to study his reaction and what she sees is not what she was expecting. There's no smile or any indication of humor twinkling back in his ocean blue eyes. Instead his face is cast in a dark shadow of sadness. "Peeta –" "It's funny," he murmurs. But he's not laughing, and instead looks wounded, like she's just kicked him. "It's a joke – Peeta I…I didn't mean anything by it," she splutters, horrified at his reaction. "I know, I know, I'm sorry," he says, dropping the card and putting his head in his hands, his body oozing exasperation. "Argh! This is so stupid." She stares back worriedly. "Okay, you really need to tell me what's going on – and don't tell me you're fine." At her request he reluctantly lifts his head, and a loud puff of air escapes his lungs. They sit in silence for a few moments, him staring off into space and her watching him like a hawk. The crackling of the fire in the background does nothing to soothe her anxiety. Just when she thinks he's not going to open up to her, he speaks, his voice coming out hoarse and broken. "I hate that I'm forty." She lets his surprising words sink in for a moment. She had no idea that Peeta felt this way about his age. He's never indicated or shown that he cares too much about getting older or wanting to hang onto his youth, so his confession feels like it's come straight out of left field. She's never been good with words and advice - that's Peeta's speciality - so she tries to make light of the situation. "Is this you having a midlife crisis? Are you going to go out tomorrow and buy a Ferrari with some bimbo with big boobs draped across the bonnet?" He scoffs, rubbing his eyes. "I'm not having a midlife crisis - I'm being serious. I hate that I'm forty and that I've achieved nothing! And on top of that I hate the fact that I now have to use a bloody cane to get around when the weather's bad because of my banged up knee," he states, his voice rising in anguish and getting more upset by the second. "Where is this coming from?" she asks, shifting over to be closer to him, their legs now touching side by side. "Don't be so hard on yourself – you should be proud of what you've achieved so far in your life. You built your own business from scratch and it's a success because of you." She leans her head forward, silently pleading for him to look at her. "You also own a beautiful home that people are envious of and would give their right hand for. All of that is nothing to scoff about." He chooses to avoid her gaze, but she knows he took everything in due to the tight line of his mouth and his jaw locking like it's made of smooth steel. "Where is the happy and confident Peeta Mellark I saw yesterday? Where's my best friend?" "He's just turned forty and he's