Sing Along (Please note this is set and written before Trials of Apollo. It is also being published three hours before it is released, at least, where I am in the world. The first thing I'm doing after school tomorrow is buying that book! I'm so excited!) Percy and Annabeth are nineteen and a bit. I know, its young, but I thought, being demigods, you never know what is going to happen, and besides, they don't have to get married straight away. Review and let me know what you think, because I've never really used this writing style before, and I'd like to know if I can pull it off! Disclaimer: I own nothing but the clothes on my back and maybe some pocket lint. Full list of songs and artists will be at the bottom. All credit goes to the artists and Uncle Rick Annabeth was having a great time. She was surrounded by all her friends at this party to celebrate her and Percy's engagement. Apollo, being Apollo had insisted on being the DJ for the night, which hadn't actually turned out so bad. He set up a karaoke station, which was extremely popular, because not only could you choose which song you sang, you could change some of the lyrics and edit different parts out so the song was more personal. Annabeth was yet to try it, but after Percy and Jason's rendition of Amnesia, by 5 Seconds of Summer (including the lyrics: I hated waking up with amnesia/so Aunty why did you have to kidnap us?), Annabeth thought she'd better step in. As she approached the dance floor which Apollo had raised to be like a stage, all eyes turned to her, and she walked confidently over to Apollo and whispered her song choice in his ear. He grinned at her, and told Percy not to leave the dance floor as Annabeth took the microphone. Percy looked at her with great interest, his green eyes filled with excitement as she led him out to the middle of the stage. "What've you got for me, Wise Girl?" he asked She just looked mischievously at him and started singing the first few lines of the song, her voice ringing out clearly over the speaker. "Dear future husband, Here's a few things You'll need to know if you wanna be My one and only all my life" Percy laughed out loud, and so did the rest of the crowd watching. Out of the corner of her eye, Annabeth saw some of the people chatting on the edges of the rooms drop their conversation and look towards the stage at the bride-and-groom-to-be, but Annabeth was too focused on getting the lyrics right to care. While she sang, she look out across the basement of the Big House, which was bigger than anyone had expected (though Annabeth suspected that Athena and Mr D had something to do with that). It was decorated with blue and grey streamers, and was full of friends, family and campers (from Camp Jupiter and Camp Half-Blood). Against the far wall was the food table, covered in mostly blue food, and in the center was a gigantic cupcake stand filled (-ish, it had already been half an hour) with cupcakes decorated by Sally and the Demeter cabin. They all had a base coat of blue icing, but all had illustrations of tridents, swords, daggers, owls, and anything else the person decorating the cupcake thought appropriate. After the first verse, Percy was nodding and promising to take Annabeth on dates, and agreeing that she wasn't the best cook in the world. Annabeth slapped him playfully and continued singing. "You gotta know how to treat me like a lady Even when I'm acting crazy Tell me everything's alright" At this, Percy reassured her that everything was okay, and Annabeth shot him another look before continuing the chorus. "Dear future husband, Here's a few things you'll need to know if you wanna be My one and only all my life Dear future husband, If you wanna get that special lovin' Tell me I'm beautiful each and every night" "You're the most beautiful girl I've ever laid eyes on," Percy said cheekily. Annabeth rolled her eyes before going on to sing about their arguments . "You're always right, we both know that," Percy said, and Annabeth winked at him. "I'll be sleeping on the left side of the bed Open doors for me and you might get some kisses Don't have a dirty mind Just be a classy guy Buy me a ring Buy-buy me a ring" "Erm, Wise Girl, look at your hand?" Percy smirked, motioning to Annabeth's left hand where a beautiful silver owl with sea green eyes was attached to a ring. Annabeth rolled her eyes and kept on singing. "You gotta know how to treat me like a lady Even when I'm acting crazy Tell me everything's alright" "Everything's alright, Annabeth." "Dear future husband, Here's a few things You'll need to know if you wanna be My one and only all my life Dear future husband, If you wanna get that special lovin' Tell me I'm beautiful each and every night Future husband better love me right" Annabeth finished to an enormous round of applause, because everyone in the room had stopped what they were doing to listen to Annabeth tease Percy. She bowed deeply, to a grinning audience, and Percy thought she'd never looked more beautiful. He felt a sudden urge to confess his love, (which in hindsight was probably Aphrodite) and so he went over to Apollo and told him of the first song he thought of. The more he thought about it, the more it seemed to be written for the two of them. He snatched the microphone out of Annabeth's hand, and addressed the audience who were all paying attention now. "I'd like to dedicate this song to my beautiful fiancé, because I think it was written specifically for the two of us," Percy announced, and Annabeth turned to him, her analyzing grey eyes filled with playfulness. "And what might that song be, Seaweed Brain?" she asked. "Wait and see," Percy replied as the first chords of the song rang out. "What would I do without your smart mouth? Drawing me in and you kicking me out You got my head spinning No kidding I can't pin you down" Annabeth laughed as Percy sang to her, his deep voice filled with love. He wasn't the best singer in the place, not by a long shot, but it wasn't unpleasant to listen to him sing, especially when his voice was so filled with raw emotion. "What's going on in that beautiful mind I'm on your magical mystery mind And I'm so dizzy, don't know what hit me But I'll be alright "My head's underwater but I'm breathing fine" "Surprise, surprise, Seaweed Brain," Annabeth said sarcastically, but deep down she was marveling at his choice of song. You're crazy and I'm out of my mind" "Tell me something I don't know, Perce." "'Cause all of me Love all of you Loves your curves and all your edges All your perfect imperfections "Give your all to me I'll give my all to you You're my end and my beginning Even when I lose I'm winning "'Cause I give you all, all, all of me And you give me all, all, all of you" Percy sang, not quite reaching the high notes, making Annabeth laugh again. "How many times do I have to tell you? Even when you're crying you're beautiful too The world is beating you down" "You can say that again," Annabeth said, causing Percy to shoot her a sympathetic look. "I'm around, for every move You're my downfall" As he sang, Percy touched his hand to the small of his back, his former Achilles heel. Only Annabeth and Nico knew exactly what it meant, and she felt tears in her eyes as Percy kept singing. Even Nico was touched by the gesture. "You're my muse My worst distraction My rhythm and blues I can't stop singing, it's ringing, in my head for you "My head's underwater but I'm breathing fine" "Your dad will be happy to hear that," Annabeth joked, blinking tears out of her eyes. "You're crazy and I'm out of my mind 'Cause all of me loves all of you Love your curves and all your edges All your perfect imperfections" "I don't have any imperfections Perseus Jackson," Annabeth pretended to scold him. "Give your all to me I'll give my all to you You're my end and my beginning Even when I lose I'm winning "Cause I give you all, all, all of me and you give me all, all, all of you "Give me all of you" "No need," Annabeth whispered. "You already have it." "Cards on the table we're both showing hearts Risking it all, though its hard" As he sang the final chorus, Annabeth ran over and kissed his cheek, joining in. When they were finished, the crowd erupted with even more applause than Annabeth got, except Clarisse, who was complaining about 'lovey-dovey stuff.' Percy honestly didn't know why she was here as Chris was out of town visiting his mother. It was probably something to do with the free food. Both Annabeth and Percy blushed, and walked slowly of the stage, Percy handing the mic to Leo who was preparing to sing This Boy is on Fire, his own version of the Alicia Keys song. After Leo, Nico surprised them all by singing Demons by Imagine Dragons, and as he sang, Percy was itching to get back into the spotlight. As soon as he Nico finished, Percy bounded up to Apollo, leaving Annabeth with Piper and Hazel. Apollo listened with interest as Percy told him what he wanted to do, and handed Percy the microphone for the third time that night, and the sun was still up! (Maybe it had something to do with the fact Apollo was there and so he had enchanted it to drive on its own, but still, it was early!) The first few guitar chords sung out across the room, and Percy grinned cheekily at the audience. "'Oh don't you dare look back, Just keep your eyes on me' I said 'You're holding back' She said 'Shut up and dance with me' Annabeth, Thalia, Grover and Nico, all the people who were at Westover Hallthat December night, laughed out loud. Everyone else in the audience looked confused, but Percy just went right along singing. "This woman is my destiny" "True," Grover bleated. "She said 'ooh-ooh-hoo, Shut up and dance with me' "We were victims of monsters The hydra-a, Medusa, and Cerberus Helpless to the manticore Dr Thorn" Annabeth shot Percy a look that said, 'Shut up, I don't need to be reminded of that,' but Percy just smiled at her and kept singing. "We were bound to get together Bound to get together "Took you long enough," muttered Thalia, who always claimed she saw it coming from the beginning. "She took my arm I don't know how it happened We took the floor and she said "'Oh don't you dare look back Just keep your eyes on me' I said 'You're holding back' She said 'Shut up and dance with me' "This woman is my destiny She said 'ooh-ooh-hoo Shut up and dance with me'" "A camp t-shirt and some beat up sneaks" Annabeth laughed because that was what she wore everyday- still does, actually, except for special occasions like these ones. "My discothèque, Juliet, teenage dream I felt it in my chest as she looked at me I knew we were born to be together Born to be together "She took my arm I don't know how it happened We took the floor and she said "'Oh don't you dare look back Just keep your eyes on me' I said 'You're holding back' She said 'Shut up and dance with me'