Welcome to Chasing After Death . Summary: Everyone knows that you're not suppose to chase after death. That's just common sense but when you're Harry Potter, everything becomes irrelevant when you're a man on a mission. AU HPxHG This story will be updated after every other chapter for my other story, Holding onto Hope. Each chapter will be around 5k words give or take. Reviews are welcomed. Edit: As Nanashi113 pointed out, UK doesn't have the fifth amendment but it's still recognized everywhere else in the world. Outside the US, they refer to it as the Right to Silence. From what I research, it's the same concept so for this story, I'll be leaving it as it is because Harry's well verse in all parts of the world due to his new job. Thank you Nanashi113 for pointing that out to me. Always learning something new. London Heathrow Airport - Hanger 3 "I'm sooo bored." Harry muttered out loud. "I can't even fathom how..." He paused and looked down at his name tag. "... Earl makes it through each day. I would've probably gone all voldemorty after an hour..." Sitting inside Earl's office, Harry twirled around in his uncomfortable office chair, completely bored out of his mind. "I can understand the skill set needed to smuggle items... I really do but can't they just be on time?" He whined. "This is just plain rude." Ever since his informant told him that a highly valuable and dangerous artifact from Russia would be smuggled into London today, Harry spent the last three hours waiting in this man's office. So far, he hasn't seen anything that was worth smuggling in. Sure the things that came into this hanger was questionable at best... Wild exotic animals... Some art pieces... even a few coffins but none of that was on his list. Not today anyway. Today, he was after the lost scepter of Grigori Rasputin. According to legends, this scepter was a dark artifact that grants the wielder unimaginable powers which was why he was here. He couldn't let it fall into the wrong hands. One crazy lunatic was more than enough for him. The world didn't need a second one but ultimately, he just didn't want to deal with it. Let it be someone else's problem. That was his mantra. Harry sighed for the umpteen time as he watched the entrance from the window. "I'm going to kill that blonde git if nothing happens today..." Just as those words left his mouth, the doors to the side of the hanger blew open, causing everyone to look around with a mixture of shock and surprise. A dozen men rushed through the smoke, dressed in dark color robes. Harry looked up and instantly recognized them. How can he not? He spent a year in their ranks before transferring out of that department. Every witch and wizard knew who these people were. They were the British Aurors. The magical law enforcement of the wizarding world. The laughing stock to everywhere else in the world. Harry let out a small groan and ducked down. He quickly cast a disillusion charm on himself and tried to sneak out of the office. Why did they have to come here today of all days? He was silently cursing at his own luck. "Nobody move!" Someone shouted through the commotion. "We received a report about a possible threat here. Muggles to one side and everyone else stay where they are." "Who are you guys? Is this some kind of role playing fetish thing? If it is, count us out because we didn't sign up for that. Not our cuppa tea to be honest." Harry snickered at the confused looks that the Aurors were giving. This is why he left. They were a bunch of clowns that couldn't even tell their left hand from their right. It was an embarrassment to even be associated with them. "Something funny Potter?" A hoarse voice whispered from behind Harry. His eyes widened, surprise that someone saw through his disillusion charm. "Potter? What is a Potter?" Harry answered, pretending to be a muggle. "My name is Earl... McAirporty..." "Cut the bullshit Potter. I know it's you. I know we taught you better than that to cast a disillusion charm. Now turn around slowly and don't make any sudden moves." Harry sighed and turned around. He then recognized who it was. "Donovan MacBay. I thought I smelled something rotten in here." Donovan rolled his eyes and dispelled the charm. He pointed his wand at Harry and narrowed his eyes. "Why did you do it Potter?" He asked, shaking his head. "I always knew you were a self-center, egotistic bastard but to betray your own country? That's a new low even for you." "Don't forget destroyer of Voldeshorts." Harry replied, eyeing the glasses on MacBay's face. "Everyone keeps forgetting that but I'll let it slide just this once. So what's this about me betraying a country? I know it's only Tuesday but I'm having a slow week. I believe I have treason listed for Thursday..." "Always with the jokes aren't you Potter. Well the joke's on you now. We have you on two counts of treason and conspiracy to overthrow the ministry. Azkaban's going to look real nice." Harry started laughing and then pointed at the glasses on MacBay's face. "I'm sorry, I know you're trying to be serious here but you have got to take off those stupid charmed glasses. They make you look smarter than you really are. You're going to confuse a lot of people by wearing that." Donovan growled and ripped the glasses off his face. "Cummins! Gather the boys and arrest Potter. If he pulls any kind of weird shit, stun him." "You were always a kiss ass Donovan. Always willing to suck up to get what you want. Always willing to take handouts... Always willing to be my bitch." Harry said, smirking. "I know this is the part where I should be protesting about my innocence but I won't. I know the procedure just as well as you do so I'm going to demand that you show me the evidence." "We don't have to show you shit Potter!" Donovan angrily responded. He backhand Harry across the face, breathing heavily as he glared at him. How dare he insult him in front of his own men! "Go ahead, resist Potter. You're going to make this all that sweeter." Harry rubbed the right side of his cheek and just stared at the man. He quickly pulled out his own wand and pointed at Donovan. "Depulso!" Harry whispered. Donovan flinched and held up his hands to protect his face, knowing that Potter cast a banishing charm at him. He looked up in surprise to see that he was still standing there, except that he felt a light tap on his cheek. "Did you just... slap me?" Donovan asked incredulously. "So the rumors are true... you lost your magic Potter." Laughter soon erupted from his lips and the rest of his men joined in shortly. "This is like a dream come true. The mighty Harry Potter, the vanquisher of the dark lord... is no stronger than a mere first year! When word gets out, your reputation will be ruined!" "So what?" Harry answered, grunting as he felt Donovan's men slap handcuffs on his wrist. "Magic is overrated." Donovan leaned forward, close enough into Harry's personal space. "Don't act so high and mighty. I'm going to make sure that you never see the outside of a cell ah-" Not letting Donovan finish that sentence, Harry took a step forward and without warning, he slammed his head against Donovan's nose, effectively head-butting him. There was a small smile on his face when he heard the bone break. A high pitch scream escaped from Donovan's lips as blood dripped from his nose. "Get him!" He shouted as he staggered back. Harry stood there, with his hands handcuffed behind his back. He looked around and noticed the hesitation from Donovan's men. He felt like he should say something clever during this moment. "Any chance we can be friends and you guys just forget this ever happened?" The Aurors looked at him awkwardly. "We have our orders Mister Potter. We're only doing our jobs." Cummins answered, moving closer to get a hold of Harry. "We hope you understand..." "No hard feelings right?" Harry asked. "No hard feelings sir." A random man that Harry couldn't remember replied. "Why are you smiling sir? You're about to be arrested." "That's because I'm Harry freaking Potter rookie." Harry answered with a big smile on his face. "I don't lose." He jumped into the air and pulled his arms forward, so that it was now in their normal position, minus the handcuffs. With reflexes that he honed from hours of training, he quickly dispatched all of Donovan's men. He turned his attention to the whimpering man that was on the floor. Harry slowly walked to him, a predatory smile on his face. "St-stay back Po-potter!" Donovan stuttered. "You won't get away with this. You assaulted a team of Aurors..." Harry sighed and held his arms out. "Then I surrender." Ministry Integration Room XV "We know you did it Harry. We have credible sources that puts you in the center of this conspiracy. We have you dead to rights but what we don't understand is why. Why would someone of your stature commit such a stupid and heinous crime?" "I plead the fifth." Harry answered, leaning back into his uncomfortable chair. So far, he was two for two with chairs today. First with Earl's office and now in this interrogation room. When he gets out of here, he's going to be writing a very stern letter to several people about the importance of having office chairs with lumbar support. After all, we're not savages. We're magical folks and there's a standard that we should always be meeting. Having better chairs is one of them. A pair of hands slammed themselves into the metal table, shifting Harry's focus back to the present. "Help me help you Harry. If you can't give me anything to work with, then there's nothing we can do to help you." "I plead the fifth." Harry replied with the same answer again. After the first ten questions, he noticed that his interrogator whom shall be known as Mr. Shifty, started to develop a twitch with his left eye. Ever since then, he created a game for himself to see just how long it would take for Mr. Shifty to break. It was all amusing really. If they only bothered to read his file, they would have known that anything short of using curses would make him talk. It secretly made him proud about how high his pain tolerance is. "I'm not the enemy here Harry. I'm on your side. Give me something so that I can help you." Mr. Shifty asked once more. Harry could make out the desperation in his voice. He looked past his interrogator and winked at the glass window. He knew that there were people standing behind there watching this. Hell, he stood on the other side as well. "I plead the..." "Fifth!" Mr. Shifty shouted, slamming his hands against the metal table again. "I get it already Harry! I get it! Okay, let's do an easy one. Have you gone dark?" "I plead the fifth." Mr. Shifty yelled and walked over to the glass, banging his head against it. "Let me use Veritaserum already. Just have someone pass it through the door and you guys can leave. I won't tell. I promise!" Harry smiled to himself. Harry - One. Mr. Failed Interrogator - Zero. "What the hell are you doing!?" Kingsley shouted as he ran into the room. "Has everyone gone insane? I have fifteen different reporters hounding my office asking me why Harry Potter was hauled into the ministry this morning in handcuffs! There better be an excellent reason