July, 1992 Little Hermione sat crossed legged in the book shop, browsing through a particularly deserted section of shelf on advanced charms. She read through them in Flourish and Blotts, a little each time her parents would take her there. Of course, she had her own books, but nothing less than everything would ever truly satisfy her curiosity. Two texts would describe a particular spell differently, and suddenly she needed to cross-reference with everything else out there. They'd found a muggle friendly coffee shop a little further down the Alley, and tended to sit there while she spent the morning going through the books. The white haired store owner smiled indulgently every time he saw her, listening to her incessant chatter with a kind smile on his face, knowing full well she bought enough to justify her extended stay in his shop. Once in awhile she saw someone she knew. Like today. Lavender Brown stood off to her side, ranting about how dull the bookshop was. Her mother was a slight distance away, browsing the Health and Wellness aisle, looking at the latest tips for witches on how to keep that obscenely small waistline no human should have to strive for. It looked like she'd waylaid another woman, holding her own one sided conversation, although Hermione personally couldn't hear anything beyond Lavender's own asinine chatter. She did feel sorry for her schoolmate, if that was the reading material she was surrounded with on a daily. "…and I mean, I don't know what you're doing here so often. These books are so boring, at least read some fiction once in awhile." "It's not my fault you're too stupid to find these interesting." Hermione replied, barely cognizant that she was making a reply at all. Suddenly feeling her eyes widen. She hadn't meant to say it, it just sort of…came out. "What did you say?" Lavender asked, her own eyes appallingly wide as she apparently wasn't stupid enough to let the comment slide. A cough, concealing a laugh, somewhere nearby could be heard, which only added to Lavender's mortification. Before Hermione could reply with any attempt at a defence, the girl had spun on her heels and was rapidly speaking to her mother some distance away. By the glare in her direction, Hermione gathered that she'd been filled in on her less than well timed comment. The man who'd laughed turned down the aisle, looking at her with no attempt to conceal amusement. "Some things are best left unsaid, no matter how much truth there may be to them." Hermione blushed. Gods she was so embarrassed. Shaking his head, he walked away. Lucius Malfoy found it had been a truly long time since he'd witnessed a scene that entertaining in Diagon Alley. From a distance, he couldn't help but notice the childish antics of the two girls, one blabbering away at the second, who was clearly uninterested in hearing a word her acquaintance was saying. The mother, meanwhile, was harassing another one of the store's patrons in a similar manner. He could recollect the older woman from school, vaguely. He was quite certain she'd been intelligent, and if his wife's comments were anything to go by, the same could not be said of Mrs. Brown. The pudgy woman he knew from school's thoughts were seemingly running in a similar direction to the little girl's, but she hadn't the nerve to voice them. The truth comes from the mouth of babes, they say. Shaking his head, he left the store with his purchase. Seeing the obnoxious man from the bookshop again didn't shock Hermione. She'd seen him out and about in the Alley before. The wizarding community was not overly large, and there were some very recognizable figures. There were, for starters, the shop owners: Mr. Fortescue, Madam Malkins, Mr. Flourish, Mr. Ollivander. Then, there was a handful of regulars at the bookshop, the blond haired man amongst them. Some looked like the bookish sort, some, a little sketchier, poured over the dark arts section. She talked with a surprising amount of them, asking for recommendations in the sections they spent the most of their time in. She understood, on some fundamental level, that she didn't have time to read everything that was printed and published. Hermione quickly found out a few facts including, but not limited to, the fact that Dark Arts fanatics did not like speaking to little girls, and that Arithmancy enthusiasts would talk over her head about the subject for hours if she let them. An old lady who had a fascination with transfigurations was her favourite person. She'd taught the subject at Durmstrang, in Bulgaria, for most of her life, and nearing a hundred and seventy years old, still scoured bookshops in hopes of discovering rare texts on the subject. Madam Rowle was an excellent teacher, and although Professor McGonagall was good, this woman was better. As the summer went on, Sundays were slowly turning from her reading on her own, to the woman sitting with her teaching her spell theory and fundamentals. Her parents heartily approved of the educational venture, and agreed to let her spend more time in Diagon Alley on the particular days when she met with the woman. It was precious time in which she tried to get as many answers to the questions she'd developed over the week as she could. It annoyed her then, when the obnoxious blond haired man interrupted her informal lesson to speak to the woman. "Lucius, child, where's that son of yours?" she asked. "Unfortunately, he does not show the same enthusiasm for books as this young lady does." the man replied, his piqued tone implying that this really did bother him. "I told Narcissa she was spoiling him." the woman said primly, with all the authority of being an interfering matron who'd lived as long as she had. Now the man rolled his eyes, "Yes, right before she threw you out of the Manor. You ought to know better than to tell a witch how to raise her child." "Your child too, Lucius." Madam Rowle clucked. "Perhaps if you spent more time with him, and less time bullying people at the ministry..." "It isn't my fault they're incompetents." he hissed. It was Hermione's turn to roll her eyes, tired of being ignored and tired of not having her part in the conversation. "It's probably your own fault for being so unpleasant to work with." she said, quite primly. "Very amusing." he drawled, turning back to Madam Rowle. "Have a pleasant day." Finding out that Lucius—a.k.a. obnoxious blond man was Draco's father was hardly a surprise to Hermione. In fact, she berated herself for being so stupid as to not realize it immediately. That smug, disdainful look should have given it away if the hair hadn't. The whole Weasley-Malfoy-Potter confrontation left her rolling her eyes. His own comment about her muggle parents, and attitude towards her was…hurtful, but expected. Certain students had made it perfectly clear where she stood in this world's hierarchy, prompting her to double her efforts at school. It filled her with satisfaction to answer a question before them, or beat them on an exam. Teach them for considering her a second class witch. Still though, having an adult, particularly one she'd interacted with before, reiterate that position was not easily brushed aside. Lavender and mother saw her at a distance and sneered. She comforted herself that at least some people hated her purely because of her personality. On the last Sunday before school, Hermione returned to the bookshop, eager to meet with Madam Rowle one last time before the start of term. She was disappointed, after waiting for nearly two hours, that the woman never showed up. Trying not to let her tears fall, she sat down by herself and tried to dig for her own answers. The wizarding world was stuck with her, regardless what it thought of her parents. She was about to give up and go home when Mr Flourish approached her, shuffling across the floor and heavily leaning on his cane. In one hand, he carried a mug. "Here, child," he said, handing her the cup of steaming hot chocolate, "I may never have been a Professor...but if you've got questions, I can try and answer..." He was rewarded with the brightest smile he'd ever seen in his store. July, 1993 She kept running into Draco Malfoy, of all people, skulking around the bookshop. She'd tried being rude, even full out mean, but he still kept talking to her. She tried to ignore him day after day as she practiced her spells in a corner of the store, at a small table Mr Flourish had put out for her sake, but he just kept coming back. She wasn't even sure he was buying anything, just existing there to make her life miserable. This particular day, she was not having anything. Her parents had just told her they would be visiting her aunt for a week, and she would be stuck interacting with her muggle cousins who's favourite words for her were freak, and stuck-up bitch. Then, she'd found out her favourite muggle restaurant was closing, and finally, she'd stained her favourite jeans with her monthly gift all within the span of a few hours before coming to the Alley. "Hi, Granger." Malfoy said, and he opened his mouth to say something else. "What do you want Malfoy? Would you stop harassing me here? I get it, you're disappointed the Basilisk didn't kill me. It would have improved the school, the wizarding world, and your own self esteem not to be beat by me on an exam. Now, go away." she snapped. He looked taken aback. She saw him swallow hard, and look away. "I didn't mean that." he said, his voice somewhat hoarse from something she didn't care to consider. "Yes, you did. You and your father are set out to ruin my life, aren't you? First I deal with you and your friends' mudblood comments, then he finds a way to make sure Madam Rowle no longer speaks to me, and then sets something loose in the castle that tried to kill me. Now, every time I come here looking for some peace and quiet, you just appear! Leave me alone!" She'd never seen a person that red, not even Ronald when his mother sent a Howler. With a jerky nod, Draco turned around and left the store. She felt a pang of guilt, before shaking it off. He'd never apologized for voicing the fact that he hoped she would die. She definitely had the right to be angry. He was back again, the next week. This time he just sat down, avoiding eye contact at all costs and trying to read a book. He clearly wasn't interested, but she supposed his efforts counted for something. Part of her wanted to apologize for snapping at him the week before, but it was neither a particularly large, nor strong part of her. She was still waiting for any acknowledgement on his part of what a shit he'd been to her. "Go away, Draco." she said, after he'd clearly given up reading. "I can't." he answered, still not meeting her eyes. "Why in Merlin's name not?" she hissed. "I just can't." "There's a hundred other hiding places in the Alley, this one is mine." she hissed. "I don't care." he replied, glaring back at her. "Why can't you go away?" she asked, half an hour later, finally giving up on being angry. Her curiosity was getting the better of her. "It's none of your business, Mudblood." he replied between clenched teeth. Smacking her book down on the table, she stood up, walked to the shelf where she put it back, and left the store. Truly, she was starting to hate that entire family. She could only imagine Mummy Malfoy was as miserable a person as her husband and son. Lucius walked