Takes Place: During the Titan's Curse Full Summary: Percy Jackson was born on August 18, 1977 to mortal Sally Jackson with his father being unknown. After the murder of his mother by his step-father, he's taken in by Artemis before vowing on his 14th birthday (August 18, 1991) to serve Artemis and swear off both men and women. But, as he and the other hunters are forced by Artemis to go with the campers on Apollo's sun chariot after the events that took place at the beginning of TTC, they start having dreams of Artemis being trapped. Later on, a quest is sent out to recover Artemis and Annabeth, and Zoë, one of the lieutenants picks Percy, the other lieutenant to join the quest. What will happen in this twisted tale of love, fate, hatred, lies, secrets, and oh so much more? PROLOGUE SHE DIDN'T KNOW WHAT TO THINK. Bianca Di Angelo, daughter of Hades, her younger brother Nico, a daughter of Zeus named Thalia and her best friend Annabeth Chase, a daughter of Athena were traveling to Westover Hall, a military school in Maine. They had gone on this recruitment mission because their good friend, Grover Underwood had found two half-bloods in the school. They weren't as powerful as a child of the Big Three's scent but they had a scent of an Olympian child. They had agreed to go on this specific mission because they hadn't seen there good friend, Grover in awhile and it would be good to see and talk to each other after so long. But, they wouldn't of bargained on for what was to come. For if it wasn't for a couple of hunters, their lives would of followed fates path, but it seems the Fates had a much more interesting plan coming their way. Finishing packing their bags, siblings Bianca and Nico di Angelo as well as their friends Thalia Grace and Annabeth Chase grabbed the backpacks with their things in it before getting into the strawberry van, they would be using as transportation to travel towards the military school Westover Hall where they would meet up with their friend Grover Underwood, a satyr and the two half-bloods he'd found. Argus, the blonde blue eyed thousand eyed camp security guard was driving them there like he had done when they had gone on their first quest, having left off Nico, Bianca, Grover, and Annabeth at the Greyhound Station though it was futile as servants of Poseidon had attacked them on the bus. They had escaped just to go on a quest full of mystery, misunderstandings, and filled with loads of monsters wanting to killed them. Luckily, they had retrieved the Master Bolt and Poseidon's Trident before either Poseidon or Zeus could of killed off the brother and sister. Their second quest, for the Golden Fleece was much more different as the four (Bianca, Nico, Annabeth, and a cyclop's son of Poseidon named Tyson) had gone to save Grover from another cyclop's son of Poseidon named Polyphemus and to heal Thalia's tree which had been poisoned by Luke and if it weren't for Clarisse, they wouldn't of succeeded. Later on, the Golden Fleece had healed Thalia's tree more than thought as the punk daughter of Zeus had been resurrected from the dead much to the chagrin of many and the happiness of others. Bianca on the other hand, though she would never admit it was jealous of the daughter of Zeus as Thalia had not just known Annabeth before her but also Luke who the raven haired daughter of Hades still liked though he had poisoned her and betrayed her. Shaking those thoughts out of her head, as she saw Thalia and Annabeth laughing at something the punk daughter of Zeus had said, Bianca felt a pang of jealousy as she had figured out not long ago that she also liked girls and by that, liked Annabeth more than she let on. She was losing her best girl friend and crush in one get go. Trying to get those thoughts out of her head, she looked at the ring on her left ring finger, before Bianca smiled down at her little brother who's head was resting against her right shoulder. It was an eight-hour drive from New York to Bar Harbor, Maine. Sleet and snow pounded the highway. Annabeth, Thalia, Nico and Bianca hadn't seen each other in months, but between the blizzard and the thought of what they were about to do, they were too nervous to talk much. By the time they finally got to Westover Hall, it was getting dark, and the four looked as anxious as ever as they watched the snow trickle down the sky. Thalia wiped the fog off the van window and peered outside. "Oh, yeah. This'll be fun." Westover Hall looked like an evil knight's castle. It was all black stone, with towers and slit windows and a big set of wooden double doors. It stood on a snowy cliff overlooking this big frosty forest on one side and the gray churning ocean on the other. Sighing softly, Bianca, Nico, Thalia, and Annabeth got out of the van with the cold wind blowing furiously against their heavy winter coats. Getting their things from their seats, they waved goodbye to Argus as the thousand eyed security guard drove away back to Camp Half-Blood. Looking at each other, Bianca decided to try and resolve the tension between the four of them. "So, Thalia. How's life been going since, you know-," Bianca said awkwardly to the daughter of Zeus who gave her a gentle smile to calm her nerves. "Nothing really, just enjoying school life, the best I could after returning from the dead," Thalia said. "What about your mom?," Nico asked without thinking. As soon as he said that, he wished he hadn't. Thalia was great at giving evil looks, what with the punk clothes she always wears—the ripped-up army jacket, black leather pants and chain jewelry, the black eyeliner and those intense blue eyes. But the look she gave him now was a perfect evil "ten." "If that was any of your business, Nico—" "We'd better get inside," Annabeth interrupted. "Grover will be waiting." Thalia looked at the castle and shivered. "You're right. I wonder what he found here that made him send the distress call." Bianca stared up at the dark towers of Westover Hall. "Nothing good," she guessed. The oak doors groaned open, and the four of them stepped into the entry hall in a swirl of snow. All they could say was, "Whoa." The place was huge. The walls were lined with battle flags and weapon displays: antique rifles, battle axes, and a bunch of other stuff. They knew Westover was a military school and all, but the decorations seemed like overkill. Literally. Bianca's hand immediately went to her silver necklace, rubbing it anxiously at her preferred weapon in its magical disguise. It was a Stygian Iron dagger with a silver skull design and blood red gems as eyes in the skull's eye sockets on the hilt almost like rhinestones yet more intimidating and unnerving since they came from the Underworld. Bianca grabbed it as she felt something. Something dangerous. Her brother, Nico had his hand ghosting over his silver skull ring which turned into his Stygian Iron sword. Thalia on the other hand, was rubbing her silver bracelet, her favorite magic item. Bianca knew they were thinking the same thing. A fight was coming. Annabeth started to say, "I wonder where—" The doors slammed shut loudly behind them. "Oo-kay," Nico mumbled. "Guess we'll stay awhile." They could hear music echoing from the other end of the hall. It sounded like dance music. They stashed their overnight bags behind a pillar and started down the hall. They hadn't gone very far when they heard footsteps on the stone floor, and a man and woman marched out of the shadows to intercept them. They both had short gray hair and black military-style uniforms with red trim. The woman had a wispy mustache, and the guy was clean-shaven, which seemed kind of backwards to them. They both walked stiffly, like they had broomsticks taped to their spines. "Well?" the woman demanded. "What are you doing here?" "Um…" Bianca and Nico realized they hadn't planned for this. They'd been so focused on getting to Grover and finding out what was wrong, they hadn't considered that someone might question four kids sneaking into the school at night. They hadn't talked at all in the car about how they would get inside. Bianca opened her mouth before speaking, "Ma'am, we're just—" "Ha!" the man snapped, which made them jump. "Visitors are not allowed at the dance! You shall be eee-jected!" He had an accent—French, maybe. He pronounced his J like in Jacques, He was tall, with a hawkish face. His nostrils flared when he spoke, which made it really hard not to stare up his nose, and his eyes were two different colors—one brown, one blue—like an alley cat's. Bianca figured he was about ready to toss them into the snow, but that was when Thalia stepped forward and did something very weird. She snapped her fingers. The sound was sharp and loud. Maybe it was just her imagination, but Bianca felt a gust of wind ripple out from Thalia's hand, across the room. It washed over all of them, making the banners rustle on the walls. "Oh, but we're not visitors, sir," Thalia said. "We go to school here. You remember: I'm Thalia. And this is Annabeth, Bianca and Nico. We're in the eighth grade and seventh grade." The male teacher narrowed his two-colored eyes. Nico and Bianca didn't know what Thalia was thinking. Now they'd probably get punished for lying and thrown into the snow. But the man seemed to be hesitating. He looked at his colleague. "Ms. Gottschalk, do you know these students?" Despite the danger they were in, Nico had to bite his tongue to keep from laughing. A teacher named Got Chalk? He had to be kidding. The woman blinked, like someone had just woken her up from a trance. "I… yes. I believe I do, sir." She frowned at us. "Annabeth. Thalia. Bianca. Nico. What are you doing away from the gymnasium?" Before they could answer, they heard more footsteps, and Grover ran up, breathless. "You made it! You—" He stopped short when he saw the teachers. "Oh, Mrs. Gottschalk. Dr. Thorn! I, uh—" "What is it, Mr. Underwood?" said the man. His tone made it clear that he detested Grover. "What do you mean, they made it? These students live here." Grover swallowed. "Yes, sir. Of course, Dr. Thorn. I just meant, I'm so glad they made… the punch for the dance! The punch is great. And they made it!" Dr. Thorn glared at them. Bianca and Nico decided right then and there one of his eyes had to be fake. The brown one? The blue one? He looked like he wanted to pitch the five of them off the castle's highest tower, but then Mrs. Gottschalk said dreamily, "Yes, the punch is excellent. Now run along, all of you. You are not to leave the gymnasium again!" They didn't wait to be told twice. The five left with a lot of "Yes, ma'ams" and "Yes, sirs" and a couple of salutes, just because it seemed like the thing to do. Grover hustled them down the hall in the direction of the music. They could feel the teachers' eyes on their backs, but Bianca and Nico just walked closely to Thalia and asked something along the lines in a low voice, "How did you do that finger-snap thing?" "You mean the Mist? Hasn't Chiron shown you how to do that yet?" An uncomfortable lump formed in their throats. Chiron was their head trainer at camp, but he'd never shown the siblings anything like that. Why had he shown Thalia and not them?