JULY 25 - 2010: GAEA IS DESTROYED Percy ducked and held fast onto Blackjack as they soared over the battlefield, picking off monsters left and right. He decided to stay off the ground and fight the flying monsters which had started to become hazardous to the demigods. What happened to them was unexpected. Without any warning, monsters had started to pour out of the doors of death, making it impossible to fight them and the giants at the same time. 'BOSS! They'll die!' Blackjack yelled in his mind. The Son of Poseidon looked down to see the seven minus Jason and Frank, surrounded completely by monsters. They seemed to be exhausted. And why not! It had been a week of non-stop fighting. No breaks. Monsters continuously poured out from the doors twenty four/seven. They didn't stop to eat, drink, piss, sleep, nothing. Percy focused and did something he swore to Annabeth he wouldn't do. Focusing his energy, he located the water inside the monsters. He knew he shouldn't waste his energy like that, but he had to. He willed the water to explode outwards, and sure enough, all the monsters that had exited the doors were currently golden dust. Blackjack swooped down and kicked an unsuspecting dracaena in the head with his hooves, sending the unsuspecting monster crumpling towards the ground, only to be finished with a bronze sword before it could fall. "Percy!" Annabeth exclaimed. She ran to him and gave him a meaningful kiss, but he knew she was tired. They all were. The gods were locked in a power battle with a fully awakened Gaea who was adjusting to her humanoid form and by now, Percy was pretty sure the mortal world found something weird with all the explosions and the storms. Definitely the mist can't cover THAT. But then again, it covered up even Typhon, so this should be okay? A loud hiss was heard, and the group turned around, only to groan. A large snake uncoiled from underneath the rubble. It's fangs gleamed in the sun, giving it an evil touch, and it's eyes held untold amounts of intelligence. " Demigodsss..." The monster hissed. Annabeth covered her mouth to stifle a gasp. "T-That's ... T-That's Python." Percy snorted "Sure does look like one. We're not blind Annabeth." The blonde haired demigoddess glared at him. "That's THE Python. The one Apollo killed?" Now it was Percy's turn to gulp. Python was a monster that even a titanness had to run away from. A pregnant titanness, but a titanness nonetheless. The seven demigods scattered when the snake plunged it's head into the middle of their circle. Using the momentum of his sidestep, Percy swung Riptide and gave the monster a long cut on it's side. Python hissed in pain and turned towards Percy, who had to roll sideways when a stream of poison landed near him. "I THOUGHT PYTHONS WEREN'T POISONOUS!" Percy yelled. Even in the midst of battle, Annabeth had to face-palm. "THIS IS THE ORIGINAL ONE!" She yelled back. They fought the monster for for what seemed like hours, when finally Annabeth was able to successfully sever one fang from the monster, earning a good face bashing. The unsuspecting demigoddess was flung aside like a rag doll and smashed through a rock. Her bones were broken due to the sheer force of the attack and she felt her life flashing before her eyes. She wouldn't last much longer. Hell, it was a feat in itself that she was able to fight for so long. Her head was bleeding from a large haemorrhage in the back of her head, and more than a few organs were ruptured. Say what you will, but normal demigods simply aren't as durable as children of the big three, who can do stuff like having bullets deflect off of their chests. Through all that pain, Annabeth was also confused. How could that have affected her. Even such a direct hit through a boulder shouldn't have injured her like this, let alone bleed. It would normally take a lot more for that to happen. She briefly heard Percy yelling something, but with the blood loss affecting her, she couldn't make out clearly. Percy yelled at her desperately. He force fed her ambrosia and poured nectar on her wounds. The wounds didn't close. They started to burn even more. That's when Percy suddenly realised why she was in such a condition, and he felt fury beyond all bounds. Athena. She did this. She did it to her own daughter. She had disowned Annabeth, thus removing her powers and strength and reflexes. Annabeth had become completely mortal. He grabbed her drakon bone dagger. He felt rage cloud his mind, clouding his ability to think. With a yell, he charged Python, completely dodging the venom spits and the occasional jabs from the head. Within a second, he had reached the monster. Within the next quarter of a second, Riptide was plunged into the monster's left eye and Annabeth's bone dagger in the right. He used the blades as supports and vaulted himself and landed on top of the monster's head, narrowly missing the stream of acid which came out from the snake's eyes. Leaving Riptide in the monster's eye, he pulled out the bone dagger and with a yell, plunged it into Python's head. The snake hissed and screeched in pain, but Percy didn't let go. Finally, the monster gave one last screech before falling to the ground with a large audible thump, cracking the ground slightly. Hazel, Piper and Leo looked at him in awe. He had almost single-handedly defeated the ancient monster. Granted that he was in full rage mode, but still. The battle with Gaea seemed to be finished since the gods descended down upon them slowly. Most of the gods weren't even able to stand properly and were using the other Olympians as support. Hecate was one of the few who was still able to stand upright. Even Percy's father, Poseidon looked weary. His beard was longer and white. A sure sign that he had exerted himself to the max. Even Zeus didn't look so good. Normally, Olympians had a very large amount of stamina, but that was for combat. Continuously releasing extremely powerful blasts at a primordial goddess for a week can do that. Athena appeared in a flash of light suddenly and stepped towards her daughter, only to find herself held at sword-point, Riptide digging under her chin. The gods raised an eyebrow, but didn't say anything as they looked at the broken form of Annabeth, the ambrosia and nectar burning her from the inside. Doing the demigoddess a favour, Zeus blasted her with his bolt to relieve her of her pain. Under normal conditions, Percy would have gotten angry at the king of the gods, but somehow, he knew why Zeus did it. Jason arrived at the site, supporting a nearly unconscious, but very much alive Frank. The both of them were instrumental in closing the doors of death for a second time and for destroying the remaining monsters while their friends dealt with the deadly Python. Meanwhile, the wisdom goddess stood there defiantly, glaring at the Son of Poseidon, who glared right back at her, making her feel something she hadn't felt in a long time. Fear. It would be long and hard, but eventually, in a fight, Percy could defeat her. And when he was this angry? He'd wipe the floor with her. "Why?". Such a simple question. It was also the only one she couldn't answer. She knew what he was asking about, and even now, felt that her deserved what she had gotten. Right? Athena had warned Annabeth to go and destroy Rome, but she didn't listen. She had to go and help her friends. How pathetic! ... At least that's what Athena thought. Not that she'd say it out loud. When Percy got no answer, he merely lowered his sword and dropped to his knees in front of Annabeth's corpse. Somehow, her body was healed. But she was still dead. She suspected that was Zeus's doing. The god must have blasted her to preserve her body. At least until her funeral. Now that the fight was over, and the adrenaline rush was gone, the reality of the situation hit Percy like a ton of bricks. Annabeth was dead. He couldn't believe it. His wise girl. Annabeth was dead. The sentence repeated in his head and his heart continuously, like a chant. Annabeth died. He buried his face into her chest, sobbing uncontrollably. Tears streamed out like a waterfall. The pure craziness of the fact was something he couldn't accept. The demigods stood around Percy and Annabeth in a protective circle, with each demigod glaring at the wisdom goddess. Percy bawled his eyes out, and for once, the gods felt a twinge of sympathy. METROPOLIS, 2013 MANKIND IS INTRODUCED TO THE SUPERMAN A sleek black helicopter bearing the symbol of Wayne Enterprises descended on the helicopter pad just next to the docks of Metropolis. A well-built man of around forty, wearing nothing but a suit without the coat, revealing his grey shirt and half-coat underneath, opened the door and stuck his legs out, preparing to get off the helicopter even before it landed. As soon as the helicopter touched the ground, the man got out and ran towards the car waiting for him. Just before he got into the SUV, he glanced at the destruction taking place in the city. A large spaceship, which really resembled a huge tripod had a giant blue beam that shot straight downwards. The beam was continuous and it seemed to pick all surrounding objects from the ground, raise it to almost the ship level, and suddenly, a pulse, like a wave, travelled down the beam, smashing the objects back to the floor. The panicked man hurriedly got into his car and drove into the city as fast as he could. When he was in the middle of the city, something big smashed into the side of a building, engulfing the whole street in a bright explosion, forcing him to quickly turn the car to the left, going for the long way to his destination. He drove on forward and turned to the immediate right as a series of explosions rocked his way. Inside the car, he grabbed his phone and dialled a number. On the other end of the call, an old, nearly bald man in a black suit picked up the phone. He was in an office building and by the looks of it, on the top floor. "Jack, listen to me! I want you to get everyone out of the building! Right now! You understand?!" The old man looked outside the giant windows of the building of Wayne Enterprises, and he knew he had to go. The alien tripod stand was slowly increasing it's radius of destruction and soon, even Wayne Enterprises would be demolished. Jack shouted at the employees. "Let's go!" He looked at a few people who were gathering up their belongings. "Come on, start moving now, people. Let's go. The boss wants us out of the building. So, let's make it happen." Meanwhile, the man inside the car, couldn't hear his employee's voice anymore and got slightly panicked. "Jack? Jack!" He said, a little louder. He slammed the phone down in frustration and focused on the road. And good thing too. A car that was driving beside him, crashed another car that was perpendicular to his street. Both cars, skidded a good ninety degrees, blocking the road. The man frustratedly swerved to the side and got into the other street, to avoid smashing the two cars. The car slowed for a moment, but then he revved the engine, spurring it into action as he raced down the road. Somehow, a missile found it's way into a bunch of cars directly in front of him and he had to suddenly yank the wheel a