Just a new story I wanted to put out there. I'm rereading through Emanon for those of you who follow that story. I've just been dealing with stuff and haven't really had the chance or ambition to write. So, here's this that came into my mind while listening to my ipod today. Warning: There's some lemony lemon in this story. Ass slapping and hair pulling. If you're not into it, then don't read on. Hopefully this can cure my writer's block somewhat. 82142059 Bella I checked my make up one more time before exiting the limo, taking the driver's hand and offering him a smile. The short purple dress I wore for the night adjusted slightly against my thighs and I motioned to pull it down. There was a small crowd of people outside smoking cigarette's and having conversation. I just hoped when I walked through the french doors in front of me that I could find Jake easily. The doors opened swiftly with nods from the doormen. I tucked a piece of my brown hair behind my ear and bit my lip as I walked in. My eyes fell on Jake's form immediately. He was the largest presence in the room perhaps, his tall form looming over most. He smiled over and beckoned me to come to him. I offered him a small smile as I approached the group he was talking to. His hand grabbed me roughly and pulled me to him. I winced at the rough contact and pushed him away slightly. He gave me an irritated look and went back to talking to his group. The two women that clung to their dates looked to enjoying themselves. They looked like they didn't have any sort of brain activity either. Heat surged through my body and I closed my eyes. I felt like I was being watched and looked around the room, seeking the source of my discomfort. Jake's hand wrapped around my arm and pulled me to face him. "Why are you so gloomy? You look like you're at a damn funeral. Smile and let us see that pretty face?" He snarled in my ear. The man in front of us looked on and continued his conversation with Jake who seemed reluctant to soften his group. I bit the inside of my bottom lip to keep my face neutral. Jake and the other man shook hands and as they left, he turned to me. "What is your problem?" He spat and grabbed my face. I pulled away from him and swatted his hands away. "Stop, you're hurting me," I grabbed my cheeks and wiggled my jaw. He glared down at me and I turned to leave him, cutting him off from whatever profanities he was going to spew out at me. My chest tightened and I walked towards the restroom. Standing in front of the mirror, I clung to the sink and looked at my reflection. Heavy make up sat on my face and I itched to take it off. I didn't think that I was hideous, but Jake insisted I wear make up to 'highlight my features'. Whatever. My eyes surged with tears and I quickly dabbed at my face. "Oh, Bella, what are you doing?" I asked myself. Jake had been so loving, so sweet when we had met at my college graduation three years ago. He had wined and dined me, taking me places and lavishing me with gifts. I suspected he cheated on me and to hide his guilt, he bought me things. These expensive things that kept me sickly stuck to him. He no longer worshiped me the way that he used to when we were first together. He barely even lasted two minutes these days. I sighed and pushed away from the sink. Jake didn't scare me. No, but what he could potentially do to me made a shiver run up my spine. Exiting the bathroom, I collided with a solid form in front of me. Rough hands steadied me and held my arms and I shook my head. "I'm terribly sorry...I don't quite have very good coordination," I whispered and looked up at my latest victim. The crooked smile on his face made my heart jump and he shook his head. The chuckle that escaped his mouth sent heated shivers throughout my body and he stepped away from me. His emerald eyes twinkled in the soft light of the hallway, the marble walls accentuating the bronze tufts in his hair. "You're fine. I shouldn't have been so close to the door." His black tuxedo did things to my girly bits that they hadn't done in quite some time. The way his voice smoothed over my ears like velvet made me want to drown in his presence. I gave him a shy smile and looked down at the ground. "I still apologize. I'm very clumsy. My boyfriend-" "Bella, what are you doing?" Jake's harsh voice interrupted us and he grabbed me towards him. The man in front of me narrowed his eyes and looked down at Jake's hand grasped around my arm. Jake looked over at the man, their height challenging one another. "Mr. Cullen," Jake gasped out. "I apologize for Isabella's rudeness. I assure you, she must've had too much to drink-" Mr. Green eyes smoothed his jacket over and smirked. "No harm done, Jacob. I was the one who ran into her. Apologies, miss." He nodded his head to me and scanned his eyes over to Jake. Heat rose to my cheeks and I looked down at the floor once more. The beautiful stranger's footsteps walked away from us and I could feel Jake's heat turned towards me. "Are you ill in the head?" He spat and slapped his hand against the side of my head. I hissed in pain and grabbed at the side of my head as he pulled me behind him out towards the terrace. "That was Edward Cullen, you stupid bitch! He could've shot me in the fucking face for your stupidity!" Jake's hand collided across my cheek and tears came to my eyes as my body spun around. A man's voice yelled out and I got a whiff of cigarette smoke as I gained my bearings. Fists colliding with skin echoed around us and I screamed out. "How dare you touch a woman that way!" The voice bellowed out as Jake fell to the ground. Arms wrapped around my shoulders and pulled me against them. "Are you all right?" A familiar voice whispered. The sounds of scuffle continued in the background. "I'm all right," I replied and felt him move me. "Where are we going?" I looked back at Jake's crumpled form on the ground, a large man hovering over him. "Don't worry about it, beautiful." He picked me up in his arms and carried me towards a black limo. He sat me on the seat and I scooted over for him. I looked over at him bewildered. He closed the door behind him and pulled his phone out. "Don't kill him. I want a meeting with him. Take him to the warehouse." He swiped his phone and looked over at me. I hugged my knees to my chest, not caring that my underwear were probably on display or that my heels were digging into the seat. "I'm Edward Cullen." He glanced over at me and clenched his jaw. His large hand came up to cup my cheek softly and he ran his thumb over what I assumed to be the imprint Jake's hand left on my cheek. I pulled away slightly and closed my eyes. "Does he hit you a lot?" He whispered and came closer to me. "He doesn't mean it. He just gets so-" "No." Edward growled. "No woman...no woman deserves to beat. Hit. Taken advantage of. No woman. No matter what." He pushed my hair behind my ear and cupped my neck. "You're so...beautiful." He whispered and ascended towards me. I pulled away from him and put my legs down on the floor. "Are you going to hurt him?" I stuttered out and widened my eyes. He chuckled and leaned back against the seat. "Baby, I all ready did." He smirked. He ran a hand through his messy hair and rubbed his face. "Why are you with someone like him, huh? He's such a bastard." I shrugged and looked out the window. "It's complicated." His body came flush against mine and I shivered. "Complicated?" He whispered against my bare shoulder. He kissed my skin and my body ignited in flames. "I would worship you." He bit my shoulder softly. "I'd never let you out of the house because I'd be too damned afraid of some other man trying to take you." He licked the area he had just bit and I arched my back against him. His hand crept across my stomach and pulled my back against his chest. His lips trailed to my neck and I let out a soft whimper. I couldn't ever remember Jake's hands doing this to my skin or body. I reached behind me, grabbed his hair and turned my head to engulf his lips with my own. Edward's hand came up to cup my breast and I leaned against his touch. His tongue invaded my mouth as his lips took a possessive hold against my lips. Teeth clashed against one another as our kiss deepened to an almost painful point. His teeth pulled at my bottom lip and a low growl rumbled in his chest. I turned my body so that he could pull my waist towards him. "God, you're so delicious," he whispered through kisses. I moaned into his mouth as my hands grabbed at his hair. His hands roamed over my torso, grabbing and pinching. I pulled away abruptly and stared into his eyes. His lips were swollen from our kisses and his breathing rapid. "Edward...I can't do this...this..." I gestured between us. "I can't...Jacob and I-" His lips descended on mine once more only more soft this time. His tongue darted out to lick my bottom lip and I withheld a moan. "Is over. I can't let you be with him." "Can't let me?" I furrowed my brows, my mood suddenly furious. "And who's going to stop me? You?" His eyes darkened. "Yes." I scoffed and pulled away from him completely. "He may be a dick, but he's all I've known since-" "Don't make excuses for him!" Edward snapped. His eyes roamed over my body and did not fail in making my body yearn for his touch once more. "Don't. Just don't." He pushed his hand through his hair once more and sank against the seat. I kept my eyes on him and tried to figure out who this man before me was. "You said not to kill him. Who were you on the phone with?" I asked softly. He ignored me and pulled his phone out. "Tell me!" His eyes snapped over to me and his jaw clenched. "Baby, I'd be careful with that tone," he whispered, his voice husky. I narrowed my eyes as him as the limo pulled to a stop. He stepped out and came to my door, ushering the driver away. "Come." He held his hand out. "I want to go home," I snarled and crossed my arms. Edward let out a low groan and bent to pick me out of the limo. I thrashed against him but he only held me tighter. "You don't have a home." He replied and stepped sideways to step into a set of tall glass doors. He was right. I lived only with Jake these past few years and really had no where to go. "I'll get a hotel room." I spat. He chuckled and shook his head as he stepped into an elevator. He pressed his elbow against a button and we began our ascension. "You have no money. You have no clothes. You have nothing. Jake probably