Disclaimer: I do not own Twilight, Stephanie Meyer is to be praised and given thanks for her character's. Emanon however, if fully me. It's a bit of my life here and there. If you are under 18, or squemish, this story is probably not for you . I can't get no satisfaction I can't get no satisfaction And I try, and I try, and I try, and I try I can't get no, I can't get no satisfaction Bella I moaned as Mike's fingers dipped into me, sighing inwardly as I bucked against him. "Ouch!" I hissed as he dug his thumb against my clit. "What?" he asked, breathing heavily as he lay beside me. "That fucking hurts when you do that shit!" I gasped, smacking his hand away. Once again, I was probably not going to get mine. Well, not by him, anyway. "Sorry," he whispered, kissing my shoulder. He pulled my jeans down the rest of the way, and I kicked them off my legs, grabbing his dick as he positioned himself above me. I seriously fucking hated guiding him in all the time. The least he could do was put his own damn dick in himself! I let out a soft moan as he entered me, grabbing his shoulders to add effect. It wasn't that Mike wasn't a decent lover...I mean he touched all the right places, said all the right things, but he just never got me to home base, you know? He breathed into my neck harshly, moving his hips against mine. His hands rested beside my head, as he made deep thrusts into me. I moaned lightly, as I snuck my hand down my stomach, trying to do myself some good, but he slapped my hand away, trying to rub my clit himself. Goddamn it that shit hurt. I twisted my hips in an effort to get away from his touch. Wrong move. He thought I liked it, and his movements sped up. I clawed at his back in pain, and his hands returned to their position by my head. I arched my back, panting hard, and kept my eyes close. Please, God, just this once. Just once, let me have it! I prayed, but it went unanswered, as I felt Mike twitch inside me. I squeezed around him a few times, letting out some convincing moans. I was breathing heavily. Not so much from the fact that I was spent, because my clit would definitely need some attention later, but because his weight was crushing me. "Mike?" I grunted, pushing against his chest. "Oh, yeah," he breathed, backing up on the seat and zipping his pants. He got out of the truck, helping me as I stepped down. "You okay?" he smiled as I wobbled, straightening out my jacket. I nodded, giving him a smile. "Yeah, I'm good," I smiled. He threw the condom somewhere in the bushes by the house and nodded to me. "Well, I'll see you at school," he winked. "Love you," he kissed my forehead. "Yeah," I replied, tucking my hair behind my ears. Ugh, this so fucking sucked. He retreated to his car, waiving as he drove away, his taillights quickly fading from view. I leaned against my truck, arms crossed, as I tried to figure out what to do. Mike was a nice guy, he was. It just...wasn't clicking with us. It wasn't fair to have a relationship where one person always got theirs, while the other was always left hanging out to dry. Now, I was sure if I was honest about this with him, he'd try harder. But I knew his ego was fragile, and I'd end up hurting his feelings, which would probably just make everything even more awkward. I sighed, going into the house and walking up to my room. Charlie was on the nightshift doing twelves. He bitched about not being home for dinner, but promised to be home for breakfast. Whatever. Forks needed protecting, and my dad was one of the men who did it. I climbed into the shower, making double sure to wash the latex smell off of my thighs. That guy seriously needed to work on his withdrawal technique. I sighed, getting out of the shower and twisting my hair up in a towel. I could hear a knock downstairs, and I looked in the mirror. Who the fuck was that? I grumbled, stomping down the stairs and whipping the door open. Wild copper hair sat atop the crown of the man standing before me, peeking out of the beanie that sat on his head. Green eyes glared at me, his face tense and red. "Cullen," I spat. "What the fuck are you doing on my doorstep?"His narrowed eyes flickered down and My eyes went down to the dog he had by the collar. "Maggie!" I cried, pulling her towards me. She excitedly jumped on me, licking my face. Maggie was my two-year-old Boxer dad had gotten me for Christmas two years ago. "That's disgusting," Edward snarled, stepping back. "Keep your fucking dog away from my house," he spat. I looked up at him confused, "Your house? What the hell did you have her all the way out there for?" I growled. Edward's parents' house was four miles out. "The better question is what the hell was your mutt doing all the way out there? I came home from practice and there she was, fucking slutting herself out to my dog. I practically had to fucking pry the two apart." The black beanie on his head slid back a little, revealing the bronze hair all of Forks' girls dreamed about. The grey American Eagle hoodie he had on hung off of his tall frame. "They were...together?" I asked in horror, thinking about the huge size of his Boxer, Brickle. I looked down at Maggie, who was now running around in the living room, always trying to catch the stub of tail she was never going to get. I looked back at Edward, who had a smirk on his face. "Unfortunately," he nodded, and I shuddered. I hadn't had the chance to get Maggie to the vet with how hectic Charlie and my schedules were. "Dad says he'll pay for the puppies' shots and shit, as long as we split the profits fifty-fifty," Edward smirked, crossing his arms and leaning against the door frame. "My dog is not pregnant!" I stuttered, looking back at Maggie. "Slut," I muttered. She looked up at me, panting stupidly, that fucking dog. I looked back to Edward as he snickered. "I wouldn't doubt that she is, Swan. Brickle got her pretty good." He shook his head, his chest rising with his laugh. I rolled my eyes. "Can't you control that beast?" I hissed, shoving a finger into his chest. His head went back as he laughed. "Control my dog? On my property? Oh, that's fucking rich, Swan. Your dog prances up in my yard, and suddenly it's my dog's fault? Are you kidding me?" he stepped closer to me, and I shoved him away, shaking my head. The towel wrapping my hair was threatening to fall, and I steadied it. "Well...well..." "Well nothing, Swan. Do you have my number if she does end up being knocked up?" he asked, shoving his hands into his pockets. I scoffed, scowling at him, "Of course not." His eyes rested on my chest, and I crossed my arms. Until now, I hadn't realized I was standing out on my porch in a tank top and shorts with no bra on. He smirked. Fucking fantastic. "Do you have any paper?" he asked, mimicking my gesture by crossing his arms. "No, fuckface, we have fucking stone tablets and chisels," I hissed, rolling my eyes. "Oh, shut the fuck up, bitchface, and get me some paper so I can get the fuck out of here," he snarled. I rolled my eyes again, moving to walk into the house. He went to follow me. "Ohhhh no. Out. I'm not going to clean my house from attic to basement because your diseased ass came in and contaminated it," I barked at him, pushing him away. My hands met stone, and I tried once more to push him. "I'm not going anywhere," he declared, his stance solid in the doorway. I sighed, pushing back from him. He followed me into the hallway, and I rummaged through the writing desk. Where the hell did those paper pads go? I rustled again through some other drawers. "Jesus, I thought your locker was a mess, but your house is a nightmare," he muttered, looking at me as I went through the desk again. "I fucking had them in here the other day!" I cried, getting more and more pissed. The towel fell from my hair, landing in a heap on the floor. I glared at it, whipping my hair over my shoulder, as I ran a hand through it. Marching into the kitchen, I began sorting through drawers. Edward's cough interrupted my search, as he held up a piece of paper. "My number," he motioned, handing it to me. I snatched it from him. "My dog's not pregnant," I mumbled, crossing my arms and glaring at him. He chuckled, as he stepped out the door onto the porch. "Whatever. And Bella…" he said, turning to look at me, as I leaned one hand against the doorframe, crossing my ankles, "Don't fucking call or text unless it involves the bitch," he smiled. I glared at him harder, slamming the door in his face. As fucking if. I grumbled, turning to stroll up the stairs, Maggie hot on my tail. "Why can't you be a normal dog, Maggie? You're such a hussy...at least choose a mutt who's person isn't the fucking pesticide of Forks." She panted behind me and I pulled my covers back. I rolled my eyes, allowing her to jump in the bed. She spun around a few times, attempting to get comfortable. "You better not be pregnant, Maggie...I swear, I'll have you for dinner..." I dreaded school the next day, as I pulled into the parking lot. Fuckface had some bitch plastered against the wall, and as I walked into the school, his head turned to smirk at me. I glared at him, pushing the doors open as I walked through. The halls were more crowded than usual, and I grumbled as I tried to make my way through the throng of people bumping into me. I smiled when I saw Rose leaning against my locker. "Hey, hot stuff," she smiled. She wrapped her pink Victoria's Secret sweater around her, shoving her hands into her jean pockets. "Hey," I replied, slamming stuff into my locker angrily. My locker was not a mess. "What's got your panties in a bunch?" she asked, pulling her blonde hair into a messy ponytail. I turned to her, grabbing my anatomy book out of my locker and clutching it to my chest. "Fuckface," I snarled, leaning against my locker. Her eyebrows rose. "I never thought I'd see the day when he'd get inside those boy shorts," she rose her brow, glancing at him quickly. He smirked, his hand loosely hanging around the girl's waist. I punched her arm. "You know that's not what I meant," I hissed. "His fucking dog fucked Maggie yesterday." I glanced around quickly, rolling my eyes at Edward's amused expression. Rose let out a laugh. "Fuck this. Let me shout out to the whole damn school that you and Eddie are going to be parents." I stiffened, my eyes growing in horror. "Rose, no, you can't do that," I begged, clutching her arm. "Hey, Swan, your big ass is in the way. Can you move over so I can get my shit?" Edward's voice came from behind me. I jumped at his voice, whipping around to glare at him, as he put his book bag in his locker. He grabbed his anatomy book while looking at