Harry glanced around in trepidation. He had appeared in Godric's Hollow and both times he had been here, when he was an infant and when he was seventeen, had ended poorly. He focused on the house in front of him and was surprised to see that it was relatively intact. The only damage to it was the destroyed door. Seeing the door, brought him back to reality and he shot inside. Choking back a sob at his father's lifeless form he rushed up the stairs, where he heard shouting coming from. 'I may not have been able to save my alternate's father, but hopefully I can save their mother,' Harry thought frantically. He nearly tripped over himself when he heard "Stupefy!" instead of the Killing Curse. Regaining his footing he ran up the last few steps to see the Killing Curse heading toward his other self, who, he absently noticed, seemed to be a girl instead of a boy. Harry was stunned when lightning so dark it was almost black suddenly engulfed the young girl and seemed to absorbed the curse. Acting instinctively, he summoned his mother away from the electricity just as a bolt hit where she had been. After catching her, he gently laid her on the floor and checked for a pulse just to be safe. He sighed in relief when he felt it and returned his attention to the room in time to see a bolt of lightning collide with Voldemort. The bolt completely vaporized the Dark Lord and his wand clattered to the ground. After a moment the electricity died down and he went to look at his alternate self. When he reached the crib he saw that they were indeed a girl. She had the same red hair as their mother and, when she opened her eyes, he saw that she had their father's eyes. He noticed that she hadn't escaped the unfortunate lightning bolt scar on her forehead, which is rather ironic for her considering that lightning had saved her life. For some reason, she was wearing a golden bracelet with a gem that seemed to have electricity crackling inside it. There was a nagging in the back of his mind that something was vaguely familiar about it. However, before he could examine it closely, the sound of footsteps reached his ears. He quickly moved his mother back in front of the crib so that she looked like she was protecting her daughter without any interference. He then threw his Invisibility Cloak over himself, hiding him from other senses and any spell to reveal others. It was just in time as Snape entered the room and saw Lily on the ground. He remembered the memory that his Snape had showed him and cast a compulsion on the man in front of him. He'd always found the man clinging to the dead body of a woman he seemed to obsess over creepy and had no intention of him doing it to his still alive mother. So, after an anguished scream, the man ran out of the house without even entering the room. It wasn't long after that that he heard another shout of sorrow, this one was familiar. A moment later Hagrid appeared in the doorway. This time the man practically howled at the sight of what he figured was Lily's dead body. Harry wanted dearly to tell the man that she, at least, was alive, but held himself back so that he could find out about what kind of person Dumbledore was here. As much as he hated it, his alternate momentarily being in his grasp was the easiest way to find out. Since things were already so different here he wouldn't be surprised if the man was completely different than the one he knew. He watched as Hagrid scooped the little girl up and left the room. He silently followed behind his friend until he was stopped by someone very familiar to him. Harry almost lost his composure at seeing his godfather Sirius. He watched as the two argued over the girl before Sirius reluctantly gave up and let the giant man borrow his flying motorcycle. Sirius then strode away from the house before disappearing with a crack. Harry waited until Hagrid was gone before heading back upstairs. "Morana, I want you to watch Dumbledore and see if he is any different than ours," he told her. "No problem. I'm at Privet Drive right now and he and McGonagall are already here," she said. "Good. I'm going to explain everything to Mu- Lily," he corrected himself. "...You know she is still technically your mother," Morana said compassionately. "Yes, but I won't call her that without her consent," he stated firmly. Receiving the mental equivalent of a huff of exasperation they focused on their own tasks. He reached the unconscious form of his mother and drew the Elder wand. "Rennervate," he murmured. The effect was immediate as Lily's eyes snapped open and she shot to her feet. "Violet!" she shouted. Figuring that was his alternates name and she remembered who had just been in front of her, he spoke up tentatively, "Mrs. Potter." She whirled around and froze when she saw him. "James?" she questioned, her voice strained. Harry flinched at the tone before making sure she could see his eyes. When she saw them her eyes widened in shock. "There are a great number of things that I need to tell you. Things that you are likely not believe. To make it more believable I'm going to show you some memories of my life, if you are willing to," he said, as he reached into one of his pouches and pulled out a pensieve. "Where's my daughter?" she questioned, terrified of what might have happened to her. "At the moment she is most likely being sent to your sister and her husband," he said, a scowl on his face. "What's wrong with my sister!?" she demanded. Harry stared at her for moment before sighing, "Another thing that is different." He raised his wand to his forehead and began extracting memories. "That's just something else I'll have to show you so you know why I'll be rather distrusting of them until I see for myself that they are different." Lily stared at the man that looked exactly like her husband except for not having glasses and that he had the same eyes as her. Considering what had just happened she wanted to curse him and find her daughter, but something was telling her to give the man a chance. She glanced down and saw Voldemort's wand on the floor. Reaching down she snatched the wand up and, with vindictive pleasure, snapped it in half. She noticed the man glance at her before smirking slightly seeing the wand. After placing the last memory in the basin he gestured for her to view them. She tentatively walked forward until she was in front of the pensieve. She stared at the memory filled basin for a moment before glancing at Harry and asked, "After I view these you will take me to my daughter?" "Of course," he readily agreed. She nodded and dove into the memories. "She's looking at my memories, how is it-" "Son of a bitch! That no good piece of shit!" Morana shouted. Harry winced at the volume and hesitantly asked, "Morana?" He had not expected her to be so angry. Not many things got under Death's skin considering the things she'd seen in her long life. "That bastard placed wards around the house that will make the Dursleys to act like your relatives did! Hell if I'm looking at some of these right, they will be even worse! Actively encouraging them to beat, belittle, and many other things," she ranted. Harry snarled at that. Apparently Dumbledore was different and he was even worse. While true the Dumbledore he knew wasn't exactly caring towards him, he hadn't actively tried to make him the way he had ended up. This one however, seemed to be going for just that. "Leave them," Harry ground out, hating to have to say that. "WHAT!?" Morana shouted. "Dumbledore will immediately know when they are brought down. We also need to show them to Lily so that she doesn't go running to him and telling him she's alive," he explained patiently. "With the way he's acting there's no telling what he would do. I would hope he wouldn't kill her, but even just Obliviating her would take a chunk of her memory to make her not question things." "Fine," she relented, sounding calmer, but still pissed off. "Don't worry Morana we will deal with him," he promised. "While you wait for us why don't you make some bracelets engraved with runes to block the effects of the wards. That way we can leave them up and not be affected with Dumbledore being none the wiser." "Good idea, Harry," she said, immensely calmer than before. "I'll start on them right now." As soon as they cut off from each other, Lily reemerged from the pensieve and immediately rushed over to him, throwing her arms around him. He stiffened slightly at the sudden move before returning the hug. "I can't believe you went through all of that," she sobbed. "You had to deal with abusive relatives, one of who was my sister , life and death situations every year at Hogwarts and then fight a war the adults should have at least helped you with. And Dumbledore did nothing to help you." She then hissed, "And Snape. He had the gall to treat you like James, say that you acted exactly like him, when you knew nothing about him and did nothing, aside from breaking rules, that was anything remotely like him! I bet he treats my daughter like she is me reborn." She shivered greatly at that, "That's just so disturbing to think about." Harry rubbed Lily's back as she cried into his chest. He was rather glad that she seemed to believe him. It took a few minutes, but she finally calmed down enough for her to compose herself. "Now Lily, about-" "Mum," she cut him off. "W-What?" he stuttered in surprise. She gave him a warm, but watery smile. "I might not be the Lily that gave birth to you, but I am still Lily and I won't stand for you calling me anything, but Mum." Harry smiled brightly, while, like she said, she wasn't his mother she was a version of her and he would be damned if he didn't get close to her. His smile faltered as he remembered about her daughter. "Well, Mum," he started, making her smile. "There's one more memory I need to show you." He removing the memory and placing it in the pensieve. "After you see that then we can go see Violet." Lily nodded before entering the pensieve again. It only took a few minutes before she was out again. Her eyes were wide and he could see confusion and a bit of fear in her eyes. Not surprising considering what had happened to her daughter. "W-what was that?" she questioned. "I have no idea," Harry confessed. "The only time I have seen anything remotely like that is from an elemental, but even a Dark Lord elemental used blue lightning. Violet, however, had lightning that was a dark purple. * So dark that I thought it was black for a second." He paused for a moment before asking, "Did you place a bracelet with a jewel that looked like it had electricity in it on her?" "No, why?" she asked, bemused. "Because she was wearing one after the lightning had died down." "That… What does that mean?" "I don't know. It seems like that there is more differences between our worlds than just people's personalities," Harry said. "Yes, I still can't believe that Tuni acted like that," Lily said, sadly. He winced as he remembered what he had to show