Disclaimer: I definitely do not own Twilight or any of it's characters. I wouldn't mind it if I did though... oh the things I could do with Edward Cullen... A/N: This is my first fanfic ever so I was a little nervous to start it. I got very inspired, however, by the brilliant minds that I came across on this site and the story would just not stay in me! I hope it brings entertainment, laughter, and as much emotion to you as it does to me :) Enough of me though! Preface BPOV When you grow up you expect to love. Everyone who grows up normally expects to love their family. Then you expect to really love a few select friends as you grow older and people fall away but few remain and stay true. You expect to find true love someday, and you expect to cherish it and hopefully be one of the lucky few that holds on to it with the same person forever. That's what I expected the general population to expect at least. When you are at the age I am at you expect your young adult life to be filled with many things, young love included. For me, for the past year at least, I was more interested in the journey I was on than anything else. When I began my one big life adventure to Los Angeles I knew there would be a considerable amount of "finding myself" happening. That's what going away to college is for, right? I did not, however, expect to find myself in those I grew to love, nor did I expect to lose myself in them just as deeply. When it started I had no idea the best time of my life was beginning nor did I have any idea what I was in for. Love, in all of it's many invisible forms was about to make it's move. It was sitting in the seats next to me. Walking down the streets I knew so well. Riding in elevators and tracing the edges of my life, just waiting. Love is patient, indeed. Among many, many other things. "Love is strange. Love is beautiful. Love is dangerous. Love is never what you expect it to be. Love is hopeless." - Doomed Love by Virgil XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX Chapter 1 - Elevators are Matchmakers I was driving to our new apartment with my two best friends-slash-room mates when it happened. I saw him walking down the street with ear buds in, scrolling through his iPod, completely oblivious to the stares coming from my car. He was undoubtedly the most beautiful boy, no person , I had ever seen. And you see a lot of people in Hollywood. A lot of good looking people, including the two in the car with me at the time of my discovery of him. But he was different that anyone I had ever seen before. He looked more like a Greek God than anything, just walking around casually in the City of Angels. He was tall with sharp features and a very nice, lean build. His skin was quite pale in an intriguing way. He had form fitting jeans and a dark gray V neck sweater with the sleeves pushed up to his elbows. He had a very focused look on his face as he studied the little screen of the iPod in his hand, and it was the most amazing facial expression I had ever seen. The thing that really got me though, was the hair. Oh that hair . It was the most amazing bronze color you can imagine and it was sticking out in every direction, seeming to have a mind of it's own. He casually ran a hand through it as he kept focused and kept walking. I just about killed us by swerving into the oncoming traffic in the middle of the intersection we were driving through. I had been staring for no more than ten seconds, but it was enough to transfer any concentration I had from driving to him. Thank God Rose was in the front seat to grab the wheel and yell at me while Alice giggled in the backseat, muttering something like "Wow Bella, drool much?". I blushed instantly, as usual. I wasn't really the type to check people out so blatantly, but I really had no choice in this case. It was like time stood still as I stared at him. Threatening the lives of myself and my two best friends-slash-room mates was probably the only thing that was strong enough to take my gaze away from that God of a man. Wait? Where did these thoughts come from? Did I really just think the line 'God of a man'? Never before had I lusted over anyone like this, even in my private thoughts. I shook my head and turned my attention back to getting to our new apartment in one piece. All three of us had been attending acting school for a full year now and it was just before our 3rd semester was set to begin. Since the entertainment world waits for no one it was pretty usual for everyone to forgo summer break and just keep on training. Rose and I had just picked up Alice from the airport and we had only been apart for two weeks for the short break, but it felt longer being without them, so the reunion was full of blasting amazing party mix CD's and dancing in the car. Rose and I had been in the apartment together for one night, but it felt incomplete without Alice there as well, so we held off on celebrating until she was back. I moved to Los Angeles about a year ago from sunny Phoenix so I didn't feel too far away from home. My family had also spent some time in Riverside as I was growing up so California wasn't a big deal to me when I moved. The largeness of Los Angeles didn't effect me too much either - Phoenix can definitely hold it's own. My friends-slash-new roomies were farther away from their families, however. Sometimes it amazed me at how I ended up being so close with Alice and Rosalie because we had such different lives before coming together at school. I had never had two people challenge me or understand me more. Rosalie Hale and I didn't connect right away even though we were in the same class for the first two semesters (you stuck with one group of people for every "subject" through an entire year's worth of classes). It was mostly due to the fact that she intimidated me initially. She is truly stunning. Blonde hair, perfect body, and no hesitation to show it off. Merely stepping into a room with her lowers your self esteem. She knows it too, but she's never malicious about it. She uses her confidence when she needs it, which I figure could help her get far in life, if not at least in the entertainment world. One day at the beginning of second semester I was walking to my on campus bungalow (yes they seriously referred to them as bungalows instead of dorms) and I passed Rose as she was speaking to one of her faithful admirers who just so happened to be the not-so-subtle dean of students. I passed them just as he finished asking her if she had any plans for the evening. I'm assuming she wanted to keep in the dean's good graces without stepping into any uncomfortable invitations because when she spotted me passing by she surprised me by saying, "I don't know. Bella, what are we doing tonight?" "Going on an adventure," I replied automatically. I immediately heard the words echo back in my mind and cringed to myself. I couldn't help but feel foolish. I mean, really? An "adventure"? It sounded good to me, I needed something to shake up my world a bit, but Rosalie Hale and I on an "adventure"? We weren't even really friends outside of the classroom and here I was saying things that me appear to be mentally stuck at around twelve years old. I knew I thought differently than everyone else around me, sometimes I even suspected I was on a whole different level as every one else, so I suppose I shouldn't have been surprised I let something like that slip out. "Excellent," I heard her confidentially reply behind me. I smiled back at her over my shoulder as I made my way to my bungalow. It was nice to know she would humor me. I grabbed a book and decided on my regular routine of reading on the couch before my other three bungalow-mates got home and took over the living room like usual, forcing me into my tiny, rather crowded, rather messy bedroom. Quiet times to read were few and far between here, and I started missing my favorite past time. Not five minutes later there was knock on the bungalow door and when I opened it there stood Rose announcing she was ready for our adventure and she hoped I didn't mind that she had brought along her own bungalow-mate, Alice Brandon. Alice quickly informed Rose that she knew I wouldn't mind at all, as if she could see what my reaction would be before I even had time to have it. I hadn't been around Alice much before, but she was someone everyone knew about. She was in the musical theatre program which was not the one Rose and I were in, so I would never have a class with her. Alice and I did end up having many interests in common, even if we executed our enthusiasm for them very differently. Alice is amazingly beautiful as well, but in a way you would never expect or see on another human. She is unique with her tiny pixie like stature and her short spiky black hair. She is definitely someone you would tag as an original. He sense and total interest in fashion (and the fashion of everyone around her) is not something she hides, and I found myself constantly being forced into every boutique she could find on Melrose Blvd within the first hour of being around her, no matter how much I protested. Her spirit is even more eccentric than her look, and it pulls you into her just as efficiently. There was no way I couldn't be friends with her after I met her. Partly because I was constantly surprised by her spontaneous nature and secretly hoped some of it could rub off on me, but mostly because she decided to go on the "adventure" to make new friends, and when Alice decides something there is no denying her. I don't even completely remember all of the details of the adventure that started it all. I will always remember my initial fear of boring the two gorgeous creatures that I was driving around Hollywood with. I will always remember wondering what appeal a plain girl like me could have to them, but not caring after realizing I actually felt more at home with them than I had with any other friends before. I know we ended up at the Santa Monica beach after getting lost somewhere on Sunset Blvd at one point... and I know that after that night we were glued to each other. I had never had girlfriends that felt so much like sisters. Since I am an only child I soaked up the feeling of family that grew between us. With me being the youngest of us I felt an odd sense of protection in my acceptance by them, which sparked the small incline my self esteem was starting to make. So moving into an apartment off campus with them seemed like the right choice to make at the dawn of our third semester. I couldn't be more excited. It just felt so much more adult,