Alrighty...here's a story for any Percy Jackson fan out there. However, Percy is not in this story. Characters from the books are in it though. This takes place a couple years or so before Percy comes to camp. I do not own Percy Jackson. Belongs to Rick Riordan. UPDATE FOR ANYONE WHO HAS BEEN KEEPING UP: Someone had left me an review letting me know that Joey shouldn't have been Grover's second chance at being a protector for a demigod. At the time I didn't think fully of it because it was supposed to be some years before Percy so we wouldn't know what had happened. I'm re-reading the first book and see that Grover didn't get another job until Percy came into play. So I decided to update the chapters with Grover as Joey's friend and changed him to another satyr named Franky. The storyline with Franky is still the same. I just had to change a few details that were obviously based off of Grover. Other than that everything else is the same. Chapter One Want to hear something weird? Like, not even close to normal type of weird? I found out yesterday that I'm a demigod. Yes, I said demigod . I know what you're thinking. It's just a Myth. I can't possibly be half human half god, because that's only part of a made up fantasy world. But nope. I assure you it's true. It is just as real as you and me. My birth was as normal as you could think. But yet it wasn't. My name is Joey Rodgers. I'm eleven years old, and I'm going to tell you how the subject of finding out this information came about. If you're still able to process I just may tell you about this crazy place called Camp Half-Blood. Last summer I met this kid named Franky. I was ten at the time. There was about a month left till school started when I came across him while hanging around the park one summer day. I don't know what made me decide to go up to him. It may have been the idea that I was new in town and didn't have any friends. Or it could have been because he was sitting there by himself and I'm a nice person so I felt bad. Either way I managed to get the courage to go up to him. As I walked over I noticed he was reading a book with the sun in his eyes. He was wearing a baseball cap but was wearing it backwards. That made total sense. "Hey there Pal." Were the first words I said when I got to him. He looked up at me, putting his hand in front of his face to block the sun. He seemed to be really confused. It was as if he was trying to figure out what I was doing talking to him. "Um." I start out. "You okay?" He slowly nods. By this point I was regretting interacting with him. I thought maybe he didn't know how to talk. Which would have been extremely awkward. But then he scoots over and allows me to sit in the grass next to him. I hesitate for a minute. "I'm Joey." I say as I sit down. "Franky." He says shyly. "New?" I give him a look. "Yea. How did you..." "Know?" I nod and he shrugs. "Lucky guess." "Oh." He nods. "Where did you move from?" "Florida." He raises an eyebrow. "Why leave to come to Manhattan?" "Dad got a job offer." I hesitate. "Plus I have Dyslexia. The school I went to didn't seem to be helping. So when dad got this offer he thought the change would help." "Dyslexia huh?" His eyes lit up a bit as he said it. "Uh. Yea. Bit annoying." "Things will get better." "You think?" He smiles and nods. "Yea." "My mom says that too." I'm not sure why but his expression changes a bit. It was like the excitement in his eyes disappeared. But before I could get into it he changed the subject. We talked for awhile. Minutes had turned into hours. By the end I think he knew more about me than I did about him. The most I got out of him was that he's nine years old (which was weird because he had teenaged features), lives in a foster home and happens to be going to the same public school as me. The rest of that summer we hung out everyday. I introduced him to my parents and my twin twenty year old brothers Billy and Hunter. The weird thing about it was that they all seemed to have this vibe I didn't quite get. At first I thought it was just me. But then I started to notice it more. It was always when Franky was around and I couldn't figure out what was going on with them. I thought they didn't like him. When I found out about who I am is when they tell me they had this feeling that Franky was the one who was coming to get me. School starts and me and Franky are as tight as can be. We were pretty inseparable. I mean so much so that when people made fun of him because of how he walked I exploded. He has a bit of a weird limp but that didn't keep him from playing gym. I almost got into a fight a few times about it but managed to contain myself. I got expelled once when I lived in Florida. I was not about to disappoint my parents again by getting into a fight. Then yesterday my whole life changed in a blink of an eye. The last day of school is just a week away and this all happens. Finding out about who I really am was not a walk in the park to find out. Especially when a monster attacks you. That's right...I said monster. I was on the bus heading home from school with Franky when it happened. I have no idea what this thing was. Just that one minute it was a human man and the next it had wings. Then it lunged at me. But the weird thing is that no one else noticed the demonic features of this man...thing, had ended up getting. Apparently they thought they were being robbed. Someone yelled the word "Gun!" And everyone took off out of the bus. Only if they knew. With the help of Franky I made it out alive. I don't know what happened after because he forced me to run. All I know is that as we got closer to my house we were both exhausted and had some injuries. His hand was bleeding and had a few cuts and bruises to his face. I got cut somewhere above my eye. That much I knew because I could feel blood dripping. I kept wiping it off but it wouldn't stop. When we finally got to my house my family didn't understand the way we rushed in. We were covered in blood and it was like they were processing the sight of how we looked. Then they reacted and asked what happened and got us cleaned up, all while I tried to explain what happened. I was in shock to find that they believed me. I mean their faces got so pale they looked like they were about to be sick, but still believed every word. Who believes some nonsense about a monster trying to kill you? Apparently demigod families who know that you're best friend is actually half goat do! The goat thing is a long story. One I'll get to soon. But obviously I didn't know this at the time. "So you didn't use the watch I gave you?" Dad asks. I look down at the watch he gave me for my birthday last year. "No?" He sighs. "Son. I told you that is for your protection." "I don't get it." He shakes his head. "Nothing. Just...next time you are in danger press the blue button on the side. It'll help. I promise." I go to say something but then I'm distracted by mom rushing over to the closet. She pulls out a bag. "Mom." I slowly say. "What is that?" She looks at it. "Your bag for Camp Half-Blood." She says as if this was normal. I raise an eyebrow. "Camp what?" "Half-Blood sweetie." "I don't understand what's going on." "We'll explain in the car bud." Dad says. "There's no time right now." I back away from them a bit. I was a little ticked off that they knew what was going on and not telling me anything. "How long are you expecting me to stay at this camp?" I say a bit worried. It was so big it looked like she had packed enough for me to be gone for years. Right now I felt like this was all a joke. Or them trying to get rid of me for being such a handful with my Dyslexia. "It's just for the summer." She hesitates. "But you have the option of not coming back for the school year." Her eyes started to tear a bit. I have a confused face "Of course I'll be back for the school year." "But the monster..." "Won't keep me away from my family." I half smile. She smiles at me. "We need to get you out of here." She turns and walks away. We all follow to the car. I still had no idea what was going on. We were driving to who knows where. Dad was driving while mom gave him directions. Hunter and Billy were in the middle seats a bit quieter than I've ever heard them. I don't know what was going through their heads but I don't think it was good. Then my best friend was sitting next to me in the far back seats of the car, chomping away on some soda cans. "Franky?" He looks at me. The cut under his eye plus the black eye made him look a bit like a badass. Doubt anyone from school would bother him now. "What are you doing?" I say as I watch him with a bit of disgust and yet concern that he may rip open his throat. "Are you crazy?" He takes a bit to answer. "Uh. Well. Joey. There's something you don't know about me." "Well yea...you're eating a tin can and you haven't freaked out about that monster. There must be something I don't know about everything ." I turned away for a second as a cop car sped past us. When I looked back Franky was pulling down his pants. "Whoa! Dude, what the hell. Keep your pants on!" He laughs. "Relax Joey. I'm trying to show you something." "I don't need to see you in your underwear man." In the most serious face I've ever seen from him he says. "I'm not wearing underwear." I give him a look that was probably a mixture of being annoyed and horrified at the same time. This makes him laugh even harder. I even heard the twins and my parents laughing. He wipes some of the tears from his eyes. "But that's not the point. Look." Now he gets them fully off and I don't see legs, or at least not human legs. They were furry. Like animal fur. My mouth just drops. "What in the world are you?" He pulls his pants back up. "I'm a satyr." "A...what?" "Satyr. Well if you want to be technical, then I'm your protector." He takes off his sneakers and they aren't feet, but hooves. I look from them to his face. "You're a goat." He gives me a look. "I prefer satyr. Puts more of an important vibe to it." I slowly nod. "Right." I looked away in shock. For a bit the ride was quiet. My