Harry Potter... the Boy-Who-Died... but not quite. Hey guys! As I don't know how many of you that are subscribed to me actually speak or read English, a small French message will follow. If you've never read my other (French) story, do not concern yourself with it. Bonjour! Premièrement, j'ai le plaisir de vous annoncer que je ne suis pas mort! Une update plus en profondeur sera faite sur mon profil par la suite. Je n'ai pas encore complètement abandonné "Harry Potter et la magie des sentiments", mais un travail de grande envergure comme celui-là m'a été impossible pendant un long moment. Afin de me remettre dans l'univers, je compte écrire quelques petits one-shots contenant des idées plus où moins farfelues et explorant un peu l'univers de HP. Je les écrit principalement en anglais, mais elles auront aussi une traduction française. Il s'agit seulement de certaines idées qui me trottent dans la tête depuis un long moment, mais qui ne méritent pas une histoire à eux. Now that this is dealt with, and if you're still with me, let's go on to the story! ********************************************************************************** Harry was weary, sweaty and dirty. Not the good kind, either. His bespectacled eyes strained against the darkness as they had for the previous days, maybe weeks since he entered this accursed place. One could never tell, when they hadn't seen the sun in so long. To top it off, the putrid stench in the air now permeated all his torn up clothes. When, and if, he ever got out of there, he doubted even Fiendfire could rid him of this foul odor. Of course, Harry Potter was a wizard, and not a lousy one at that. If fact, since the death of Albus Dumbledore in his sixth year at Hogwarts, Harry Potter was probably the single most powerful wizard in the world. Well... wizards that fought on the side of good, obviously. Voldemort still had an edge in magical power. Voldemort, Harry thought, the bane of his existence, and the reason why he was in this bloody place in the first place. The reason he did most of the things he did these days, to be perfectly honest. There wasn't much else to live for, after all. After the death of aforementioned Albus Dumbledore, headmaster of Hogwarts, Chief Warlock of the Wizengamot, Supreme Mugwump of the international wizarding confederation, et yada yada yada... Harry and his two best friends, Ron and Hermione, were sent on a wild goose chase around Great-Britain to find and destroy Voldemort's horcruxes, objects that tethered the hate man-turned-homunculus to life, no matter how many times he was destroyed. They managed to find and destroy all of them. Well really, they managed to stumble their way to all of them under the careful guidance of a well hidden Severus Snape. Even in death, Dumbledore was ever the chess master. For all his brilliance and tactical intelligence, Dumbledore, had he lived past the tender age of 116 years old, would now have been headmaster to a pile of rubble, Chief Warlock to a destitute organisation and Supreme Mugwump to a disbanded group of old wizard that once wanted to unite and change the world. And what the fuck did the title of Grand Sorcerer meant, anyway? Ho, the world did change, but not for the better. Harry Potter and his friends, barely adult wizards, went back to Hogwarts to save the day from evil Headmaster Snape, the Carrows siblings and the rapidly approaching Lord Voldemort. They found out Snape was not the traitor the thought he was, before the ex-potion master died and the hand of Voldemort. Then, everything went to shit. Voldemort called Harry to him, in the forest, and killed him. Or more precisely, he killed the piece of his own soul inside Harry, and left him for dead in the forest to go attack Hogwarts. His forces took the castle by storm, and even though most of the students had managed to escape via the painting leading to Abelforth's Hog's Head Inn, the bastion that was the school was taken before Harry could come back to his senses. When he did come back to "life" after his little chat with what was probably a figment of his imagination taking the form of his old headmaster, Voldemort somehow felt him from the inside of the castle. In a voice that lingered as far as Hogsmeade, he called to his young nemesis. "Harry Potter. I do not know how you managed to survive once again, but if you would kindly come to the top of the astronomy tower, I will gladly separate your head from your shoulders and make sure you stay dead..." Now, Harry may not have been the sharpest tool in the shed, this title belonging to Hermione, and wasn't about to go in there alone when Voldemort had no leverage against him. However, the Dark Lord quickly disabused him of this notion. As clear as Voldemort's voice, a cry rang out to the confines of Scotland's mountains, heard by everyone in the vicinity. A female cry. A female cry of pain. Ginny's, to be precise. Hoping against all hope that it was an illusion, a trick by Voldemort to lure him in the school, Harry had nonetheless no choice but to go to his enemy to get killed once more. He was about to do a mad dash for the school grounds in a vain attempt to save the love of his young life when Hagrid found him and had to physically prevent him from doing so. Harry had pummelled the giants everywhere he could reach as his first ever friend in the magical world took him away to Andromeda Tonks house, as he had done before. The poor woman had already lost her husband Ted earlier in the year, and had just lost her daughter and son in law Remus, getting saddled in the process with Harry's own godson, Theodore "Teddy" Lupin. The Weasley family had also been struck hard, between Fred's death and Ginny's probably similar faith. The forces of good, that is a rag-tag team of remaining aurors and some barely trained members of the new Order of the Phoenix, tried to take back the castle. The Wizarding monument of education had lost his wards not long after Voldemort took control, as it was not being used as a place of learning as it was meant to be by the founders hundreds of years ago. The battle resulted in a mass grave when the old castle crumbled under the spells from both parties. Voldemort was driven out, but at a steep price. Hagrid found death while physically clearing a way to the headmasters office, bringing down six Death Eaters in the process, permitting access to Harry and Minerva McGonagall into the sanctuary. A heated duel took place between the two and Voldemort, killing the first one and driving the second away. George Weasley, mad at Voldemort's troops after his twin brother's death, set off a series of explosives of his own creation during the battle, burying himself and all the Death Eaters taking residence between the once hallowed halls under tons of rubbles. After that, the resistance faded back into the woodwork. Ron had pretty much stopped talking to Harry after he let Ginny die, and Harry could not hold it against him, as bad as he felt. The family joined Charlie in Romania, hoping that the war would stay contained in England. Hermione went even farther, in Australia, to give back her parent's memory. That was the last time he heard about both his friends. He wasn't a religious man, but he hoped everyday that they were fine, well disguised, safe. But Voldemort's ego and rage demanded more than England or Great-Britain. No, he wouldn't be satisfied with anything but the world, and was well on his way to get all of Europe. France, being just across the channel, fell quickly following Great-Britain. The German ministry of magic tried to assemble enough forces trough the ICW to put an end to the budding international war with Italy as his greatest ally. Both fell when Voldemort developed the dark magic equivalent of the muggle atomic bomb using Fiendfire, transforming the rest of the western magical world in ashes and incinerating the ICW in the process. By the time he was in the Slavic countries, they easily fell into step with him rather than being against him. Harry remembered that Victor Krum, then a national hero, tried to form an uprising before being squashed like a bug by the Dark Lord himself. Brave, but foolish. Fleur had died too, when her politician of a father was too vocal about opposing Voldemort when France was taken. Then whole family had been killed. Voldemort did not take "no" as an answer. He was the last triwizard champion alive. Of course, all of that took years to happen, and Harry was not inactive during those years. The Order broken and the ministry crushed underfoot, he fled the country the first chance he got, on his own. His two best friends had returned to their families, and he could not blame them for putting their priorities first. In fact, he wanted them as far away as possible from all that was to happen. He never knew if they still lived or not, but figured Voldemort would have taunted him with their deaths or torture if he ever put his filthy paws on them. During the course of the first five years, Harry was not heard of. He was off training in Geneva, Switzerland, with one of the biggest library in the world for both light and dark arts. Information was never restricted in Switzerland, as they never had any war enemies. When Voldemort came knocking at their door with his working prototype of "Fiendfire bomb" as Harry dubbed it, the Swiss finally took position in the conflict and burned the library before falling under Voldemort's blows. Thank Merlin they did, as Harry could not fathom what Voldemort could do with all the information he had been privy to for years. His next five years took him to Sri Lanka, where he found the last remaining cult of battle mages, consisting of a very old man and his wife. They first refused to help him, not wanting to take part in the war, but contacted him some months later as he was training alone somewhere in Indonesia. Not wanting their old traditions and knowledge go to waste, they agreed to teach him as much as they could. They died of old age after three or so years of tutelage. Harry, now almost 30 years old, went back to Europe and tried to form a group from the underground, with people who were angry at the state of things but could do nothing on their own. The budding group, the new order of the phoenix, was just reviving from its ashes when they were betrayed and Voldemort all but ended the organisation. That day, Harry dueled Voldemort to a standstill in the streets of Rome, Italy. While they both escaped with their lives, they also both sustained important injuries. Even with magic, it was a couple of months before they could clash again. And clash again they did. Rome was but the first battle. Now that Harry was back on Voldemort's radar after all these years in the east, the Dark Lord wasn't going to let him go, especially after he showed him how dangerous he could be. February 2008, in Rome. September 2008, Berlin. June 2009, Paris. December 2010, Budapest. Then Barcelona, Warsaw, Bucharest, Stockholm, Amsterdam, Moscow... The list was too long to contemplate. At this point, Harry estimated that he fought the Dark lord two to three times a year, for a total of around sixty times. Voldemort had taken the world, but he had not taken him yet, and the weight of the prophecy hung over his head