Disclaimer : I do not own PJO or its characters Rick Riordan does. I also don't own the song Sympathy for the Devil the Rolling stones do and I say this because it will be referenced through the story. Warning: This story with have sex, descriptive acts of torture or bloodshed, and in this chapter mention and attempt at rape but note I do not like it because it is very sad and leaves the victim feeling helpless even afterwords but there will be none in this story at all. so if you get triggered by this please leave now and if there is any more warnings I will post them. Thank you and please enjoy the chapter. Sympathy for the Devil In the darkness of an apartment building sat a teenager about the age of sixteen. The boy sat in the middle in a wooden chair in a psychopathic way and his face had a devilish grin. The boy looked to be about "6'2, with raven black hair that had made it to his eyebrows in the front and in the back and sides it was shaved down almost to a military buzz, his clothes were all black even his finger-less gloves, his facial features showed a strong jaw that had any women and some men want him, no facial hair, his right ear had a silver straight por spike barbell earring, and his eyes were a different story. Both eyes had the color of blood swirling together making it look like a blood pool and the scar that ran from the top of his forehead that ran over his right eye in a vertical line to his jaw made his eyes more noticeable. The thing though was he was sitting in the middle of a blood bath. His hair was matted together with blood and his hands were the color of crimson. His face still had a huge grin and when his eyes roamed around the apartment you could tell his grin grew larger. All around him were body parts a leg there, an arm over by the fridge, a chest cavity on the the couch, guts hanging from the ceiling, and in the center of it all was a head. The head had was ugly even before it was ripped from the body. Under all the blood you could see a five o'clock shadow, a balding head, and dull brown eyes. That head used to belong to one Gabe Ugliano. And the one to rip it from the body was one Perseus Than Jackson. Before we go any further though I think we should backtrack to the very beginning. Before young Perseus was even born. 1990 The year was 1990 and a women with a skinny build at about "5'5 had blue eyes, brown hair, soft features, and was about twenty years of age. This women was Sally Jackson and right now is one of the worst time of her life. She had tears trailing down her face because she was just kicked out of her roommates apartment. She was kicked out because of the lies and rumors of her being a prostitute from her old job where she was just fired as well. When her roommate learned of this she kicked her out and right now Sally sat in the rain in an alleyway with nothing but a bag of the little things she had. Sally hasn't felt this much sadness since her parents died in a plane crash when she was five and her uncle Rich's death of cancer two years ago. Sally was broken out of her sadness when a man came up to her. "How much?" the man had a rough voice. "Excuse me?" Sally looked up to see a man with a suit on a belly that prevents you from seeing his belt, bald head, ugly face, and dull green eyes. Next to the man stood two big body guards that look like walls and also had black suits on but had black hair and both had brown eyes, probably twins by the same facial structure. "How much? As in how much are you?" the man didn't sound like he wanted to be repeated again. "I am not a hooker!" Sally went to walk away but the man grabbed her with his left hand since his right was occupied with an umbrella. "Come on sweaty just one time." that's when Sally got out of his hold. "No! You disgusting pervert!" she went to walk away but was a little late. "Grab her!" She went to run but tripped and fell from the wet sidewalk. "You're mine now, Bitch!" Sally was screaming for help when the bodyguards grabbed her and went to rip her cloths off. Once she was almost undressed she couldn't feel any hands on her no more. And when she went to look up, she nearly regretted it. The men were ripped apart and in the center of it all stood a man in a black suit about "6'4, with black shoulder length hair, a strong jaw line, had piercing red looking eyes, a strong but soft at the same time facial features, a five o'clock shadow, and a lithe like a fighter. All and all he was the sexiest man Sally ever saw but in his hands had a heart in it and by the way the old man's body was under him she could tell it used to belong to him. "Shoo sleep, mea est." the man was picking her up and that was the last she remembered. Sally woke up on a soft bed and in a night gown from the looks of it she thought. When she got up she was confused because the last thing she that she could think of was when she got kicked out then just like that it all came back to her. She remembered sitting in the rain, then the big man with two bodyguards, then her clothes ripped off, then the blood and body parts, and the sexy man in a suit. Sally grabbed the closest object that could be used as a weapon which was a vase depicting the fall of Rome. As she was walking the halls she saw the artwork that looked priceless. Some depicted cities with wealth others depicted sins which still showed the beauty of art in it's own right. As she was nearing the sound of music she raised the vase. When she turned the corner she was in love. Before her was a kitchen about the size of her old room in her old roommates apartment and her old room was decent size. She just was amazed by the room itself and what it housed. "Well, look who is awake." a smooth sounding voice said with a accent Sally couldn't place but she did know it scared her and made her drop the vase causing her to squeal. "And that was one of my favorites." "I am so sorry. I will get you another one." "Its no big deal, I have plenty of more vases." and that's when Sally looked up and noticed the man that saved her. Instead of the fancy suit he wore yesterday he wore pajama pants with a white t-shirt that Sally thought was still sexy on him. She also noticed he was sitting down at a bar with a plate of food consisting of eggs, bacon, and sausage sided with a cup of coffee. "Have a seat, you must be starving." she went to pick up the shards of the vase. "Don't, one of the maids will get it." As he said that a maid with a smile came and picked up the shards. Sally noticed how the maid was very pretty but the man didn't even bat an eye to her instead still looked towards Sally. As she took her seat a plate with the same contents was put in front of her as well as a silver fork but with the tent she could tell it wasn't pure silver. "Where am I?" she asked. "Well, you are in my humble abode." "And who are you exactly?" "Sorry I forgot to mention that. I have many names but most call me Lucifer." As the man said that Sally looked around. She noticed the maid that picked up the vase had purple like skin, fiery red hair that was on fire, wings, and most of all were naked. When she looked at the man she wanted to scream. He still had those his looks but now had huge black wings coming from his back, red tint to his already tan skin, she could see very sharp canines when he smiled, and atop his head sat a crown full of jewels on his black hair. "Y-y-you're-" "Satan, yes. But I always found that name a little harsh I prefer my birth name, Lucifer." Sally didn't know what to do. "This isn't the usual reaction I get. Usually it involves screaming and them trying to get away and me having to kill them." "To be truthful I don't know what to do." "Well that's a first." Sally didn't know what to do but let out a giggle. "And now you're giggling this is a very different reaction I get." Now she was fully laughing. "Well I can't stay here that would be asking too much." she said when she was finished laughing. "Why not?" "Well one that is a lot to put on you and two you are the devil." "While it's true I am the devil it is also true you have nowhere to go. Everyone in your family is gone, you Mother and father, uncle and aunt, and your grandparents and from you could tell I have ample room and the maids can get you whatever you want." while he talked he started winning Sally over. "Maybe I could stay awhile." she said with a blush while looking down. "Good." "May I ask two questions though?" "That was one but go ahead." Lucifer was smiling now. "Why are you being so nice? And what are the maids?" "The reason I'm being nice because I'm tired of all the violence and the same thing every day and I want change and when I saw you nearly raped I couldn't handle it no more. I came to the surface and ripped them apart from limb to limb!" Sally put a hand to his chest to try a calm him which worked. "Thanks." he took a second to close his eyes and took a breath. "I always hated rape. A women should be treated with respect by men. And for the second question the maids are succubus." At that moment Sally knew she was going to have an eventful life. Only if she knew it wouldn't last long. It was a year later and Sally was having the time of her life. She and Lucifer were the bestest of friends and right now they were at a amusement park called Carowinds in between South and North Carolina. Sally thought back to the time where she was saved by Lucifer and how her time with him made her feel better and lately she has been having feelings for him. "Come, let's go to the beach." He said with a smirk. They walked behind a building and flashed away in the shadows and appeared on a pier. They were just walking down it when Lucifer grabbed Sally's hands as they reached the end of the pier. "Sally." "Mmm." "The past year with you has changed my life." "Luc-" "Let me finish." Sally nodded her head. "Before I met you, hell before you were born, I wanted everything to burn. I wanted to rule the world and bend it to my will. But when I met you that all changed." He stopped to caress her cheek. "The day I met you I fell in love. That was different because I never had that