Stephanie – "The truth hurts, but whoever said the truth was easy." When a young girl, Stephanie Cross, loses her family in a fatal car crash, which she miraculously survives, she has to learn to deal with the massive changes heading her way, while also dealing with the sorrow caused by to loss of her family. When she is forced to live with her only living relative, her Uncle John in the dreary town of Cleveland Ohio, she doesn't think life could get any worse, but in a sudden twist of fate she finds out her Uncle is a violent drunk, and that his target is her. With the sorrow and lose she is feeling she loses all hope, until she meet's the Cullen's. Follow Stephanie as she regains hope and finds out that everything isn't what it seems and is throw into the world of the supernatural. Follow her through all the pain and suffering and watch as she rebuilds her life with friends and family. Will Stephanie survive this world or will her impending fate catch up to her and destroy the new life she has fought so hard to create. Will she also be able to stay with the person she loves in the end, or will she lose him like she has everyone else. Love, Pain, Sorrow, Anger, Joy, Hope and Lose. Which one will be her end? Find out here, in Twilight, The story of Stephanie Cross Okay guys, this is my first story and that is my full summary , so I hope you like it. It is only from Stephanie's Pov, so I hope you guys find it okay I don't not own Twilight, it belongs to SM Stephanie's Pov My life was fantastic before the faithful day of July 29th. I had had two loving parents who adored me and who supported me in everything I did, and a brother who, though he could be a pain and drive me absolutely crazy(which brothers do), I loved more than anything in the world, other than my parents of course. I was happy, but then happiness isn't meant to last, at least that's what people have said. Anyway, on July the 29th, a week after my 16th birthday (Which is the 22th of July), my family and I were heading off for a holiday in New York, since it was the summer holidays (And I had been begging to go to New York for years). My parents had said that there was something important that we were going to do there, but of course they wouldn't tell me or Noah what it was, since it would take the fun out of making us guess. So we were on our way to the airport, driving down the highway, laughing about something that had happened with mom at work when suddenly a car swerved from beside us and pushed us into on-coming traffic. After that I don't remember exactly what happed, all I could remember was the sound of crunching metal, shattering glass, Noah trying to protect me; and my mother's screams. When I woke up, it took me a while to figure out where I was. I couldn't figure out how a week had gone by, or what hospital I was in, and I had no clue about what had happened after I become unconscious in the crash. When the doctors had found out I was awake I practically demanded that they tell me what had happened to my parents and Noah, and in the end I faced my worst nightmare, because they told me that no one in the crash had survived but me. I broke down after that, screaming that it wasn't true, yelling that they were lying, even though I knew in my heart that they were telling the truth, even if my mind didn't want to accept it. I mean how are you supposed to accept the fact that your family is dead, that they're gone and never coming back, that you could never tell them how much they mean to you and that you loved them. The next day, when I was being released from hospital because I had only minor injuries they explained to me that I had to move to Cleveland, Ohio, to live with my Uncle John, who by the way was my father's younger brother and who I hadn't seen in ten years for some unknown reason. Two days later I was saying goodbye to my parents for good. In honor of them and how I felt I sang "Last day on Earth" By Kate Miller-heidke and I told myself that even though I loved it, I would never sing again, because I knew it would bring back to many memories for me to deal with. I was so thankful for my friends for being there with me and when I buried my parents and Noah, I promised myself that even if it was hard and I felt like I was dying inside, that I was going to keep on living the way they would want me to and that I wouldn't become a broken shell of my former self. Four days after that, I was put on a plane (Against my best wishes) and on my way to Cleveland to go live with an Uncle I knew shit about. I had said goodbye to all my friends (I had cried) and said goodbye to my childhood home and to my parents, who I were still grieving, not to mention Noah. I had had some of my belonging sent ahead of me since I was being forced into this, and I was having Noah's Nissan Skyline sent to my new address as well. My parents' house was now in my name and no one was going to touch it until I decided what I wanted to do with it, and I was nowhere near ready to make that decision or pack up anything that belonged to them. I had to admit that I was dealing with my parents death, even if it was hard, but I think it was because my mom always told me that no one gets to choose when it's their time, so we have to live our lives to the fullest and accept that death is just another part of life. I knew mom never expected for her life to be ended so suddenly, but I knew that both her and dad, and even Noah wouldn't want me to waste my life crying about their deaths. Actually knowing Noah, if he saw me like that he would have told me that I needed to deal with it, because nothing was going to change what had happened. Anyway, so as you can guess the plane trip was absolutely boring, mostly because they decided it would be fun to watch an old recorded cricket match, so in the end I had pulled out the first installment to the hunger games I had packed in my bag and started reading it, all the while trying to ignore the cheers from the other passengers when someone they liked got a whatever you call it. "Back to earth sweetheart" I heard my uncle say. I snapped out of my memories and turned to smile at him. So far I liked Uncle John, but I had a feeling that there was a part of him that I just wasn't seeing "Sorry, I was daydreaming" I said. "I figured as much. You know you look so much like you're mother" Uncle John said. "Thanks'" I smiled, then I realized I hadn't asked him something. "Hey Uncle John, why haven't I seen you for so long" I asked. "It was my fault. I've been pretty busy and in the end it was too difficult to come to Florida to see you guys, so I decided to stay here and focus on my job" He said, his eyes focused on the road. Just a thing my Uncle owns a Ute. "So what do you do, are you like a builder or something" I asked, curious to know more about the man I was being forced to live with, because hey, if it was my choice, I'd be living on my own back in Florida, so I could have stayed with my friends. "I'm a builder. I know it's nothing like your dad's profession, but it pays the bills" He said, then I stopped talking so I could look at my new home as we pulled up the drive. It was a two story house, not the same as my old home; actually, it was nothing like my old home. The house was painted an off cream color, with a pale red roof. I had to admit the only appealing feature was the very green grass, and that was it. We were in a very populated street, which meant we weren't near the forest, but forest equaled hiking, so that gave me one thing to like about this stupid town. "Welcome home" He said as he stopped the engine. For some reason when he said that, I just felt sick. Looking at this house and being with Uncle John, I just didn't feel like this could be my home ever. I climbed out of the car and shut the door, then I grabbed my back pack out of the tray while Uncle John grabbed my suit case. "I can carry my bag you know" I said as we walked toward the front door. "I know, but you're my niece" He said and with that he pulled a key from his pocket and pushed it into the door lock. He turned the key, then he turned the handle and pushed the front door open. As I walked in I could tell it was definitely a man's house. I swear it stunk of beer and there was no sense of fashion or design anywhere, it was just all thrown together. "Your room is this way" He said and he headed up the stairs, me right on his tail. When we got upstairs there were three doors, two of them being the bedrooms and one of them being a bathroom? Uncle John opened the left door and I walked in to see all my stuff piled up on a king sized single bed, which were covered with blue floral bedding. There was a cupboard, a desk and a bookshelf as well, along with two bedside tables. "All your stuff is here and your car will be arriving tomorrow" John said from behind me. I turned to smile at him and I took the suitcase from his hand. "Thanks" I said and after he smiled at me he left me to unpack. I started to un-pack my clothes, but when I got too tired I put all my boxes on my floor and collapsed on my bed and fell into a dreamless sleep, which was a blessing. The next five days after I had arrived had gone by pretty fast. I finished un-packing all of my belongings, which trust me, was a lot of crap. I hadn't brought everything from Florida, because I knew I wasn't going to be able to fit half the crap I owned in here. Anyway so un-packing took way longer than I thought it would have so I ended up spending the entire Tuesday doing it. On the Wednesday I went to the shops and stocked up on food, because my Uncle had barely anything, not to mention I had to go and pick up some school books and a sport uniform just in case I ended up having sport as a subject. On Thursday I tidied up the house while my Uncle was at work and cooked lasagna for dinner (Store bought of course, since I wasn't the best cook). One Friday I just read all day and Saturday I went to the mall to do some shopping. Today it