Night: I re-wrote this, finally. I think I fleshed out the last few major details of the overall story so it should be going smoothly. Enjoy. Darkened Moonlight "Prologue: Forgetting the Past" In the far European continent of the Western Country of England, there is a small tucked away village in the backwaters of the country side. Not much was built in the small town, a handful of houses and a church down the street. The settlement was seemingly normal, not an abnormality in sight. It was a cold night, the end of October. Children that lived there had been taken out by family members to bigger towns to trick-or-treat, the once vibrant community becoming a ghost town just for tonight. Leaves bristled in the wind of the cold air, an invisible wall in a shape of a dome shielding a house from the outside world and all dangers that one may face. The house was relativity small, two stories tall and painted white with a picket fence. The front yard was decent, green and luscious though there wasn't much there on the grounds. In the windows a few lights were turned on, helping the inhabitants find their way in the house. Beyond the walls, there are sounds of giggling children bouncing off the corridors and rooms, showing an enthusiasm that hadn't been outside. In the living room, there were three children who played on the carpeted floor, stuff animals and toys around them. The older one, a girl with fiery red hair and green eyes, had a slight smile pulling at her lips as she brought the animals to life for her little siblings. The play that she had created consisted of a dog, a stag, and a wolf. The final member, a rat, laid forgotten on the other side of the room as the younger children laughed their hearts out. The pair of twins, born not even a year ago today, stared in awe as their elder sister made the animals jump about in an attempt to entertain them. To them, no one could hold a candle to the older sibling, her happiness and liveness simply bringing out so much life in everyone it was hard not to smile in her presence. The twins, ever adored by their sister, were always smiling because of this. They couldn't not smile when that face was set upon them. It was easier than the twins liked to admit to forget about the shadows in their sister's eyes, the way her hands shook and how often she took naps. Even now, as they made games to play, their sister was silently panting at trying to keep up. When they did remember, though, when they took the time to actually look at their older sibling, they would cling and try to do whatever they could for her. More often than not though it only made it worse. The parents, more noticeable about their oldest condition, tried to ease the play time and brought her food whenever she needed it. They had gone to see a doctor about her illness many times, but there wasn't anything obvious to warrant such behavior. The medic said to keep her hydrated and give her light foods and plenty of rest, and the parents did try to follow it. But with two little ones taking up most of their time it was hard to keep track of such a schedule. When they played with magic, however, even though it tired her out, it made her happy and so the parents tried to find a nice balance between the two. They tried to have her do other things without depleting herself, but their little girl was determined to use her magic to make her little sibling laugh. It would only get worse before it got better. Outside of those hollowed walls a war raged in secrecy, screams pierced through the air million miles away and people losing their lives every second. It was a well-known fact for the couple that their friends could be dying as they stayed in their safe house, something they always kept in mind even as they watched their children play with each other. They were grateful that they were not one of those couples who would come home to see their children's dead eyes staring at them, but it didn't erase the fear either. While this house might be a haven away from the war, it was more like a cage to the inhabitants who lived there. It was hard, nearly impossible, to forget that people you knew were risking their lives and may never be back to their homes that night. It grated on the couple's morals to stay behind when they could be on the front lines, fighting alongside their friends and family. They would never know what happened to them before it was too late to do anything. The thoughts of lifeless eyes and cold skin was enough to make them wake up in the middle of the night, their eyes bloodshot and darkening bags underneath. Skin seemed to pale and shallow themselves in times of war, smiles becoming too strained to even bother. If the floo was ever to ring, all they could do was hold their children tight and pray it wasn't for a dear family member or friend, hollow words that would be spoken about bravery and how their death had helped move the war forwards to ending. It was a lie. Those deaths did nothing, the couple had seen it with their own eyes when they were the ones fighting on the front lines. They didn't do anything, becoming another name and lost face for the side that tried to keep fighting even as everything pushed against them. Maybe it was that line of reasoning that Fate decided to reel its head in the face of this family and how it would come about in this world. In a different world, all hope was lost. In another, a sole child became an orphan. This world, however, would share neither path. Instead, they would lose a child in one year if they didn't clean up their act, and never see her again. October 31st, 1980 – All Hallows Eve – would be the day of a countdown for this family of five. Across the street of the protected house, a shrouded figure in a black cloak walked towards what appeared to be an empty lot. Their pace was steady and confident, gait calm and precise even when once upon a time their hand might have shaken. The once empty plot of land faded into view for this person, becoming a sweet cottage instead of tumbleweeds. Wards, once the only thing keeping him from reaching his goal, fell down to show the enemy of its inhabitants the way through. His hand was firm when he reached out for the door, wand in palm, blasting it down with a flash of orange. The wedded couple could do nothing to stop him from entering the house, a flash of sheer terror gripping their lungs for less than an eighth of a second before they were set into action. Realization settling in, they could only think of one thought as they raced about to gather the kids in their arms and start to fight for their families' lives. We've been betrayed. The red headed mother gathered her youngest children in her arms before having the oldest go before her in racing up the stairs away from the oncoming fight that would soon happen. The messy brunette, which we can only presume to be the father of the three kids, raced towards the break in area – spells and curses flowing out of his mouth before he could even register them in his mind. None of the lighter colored spells were able to do harm to the cloaked figure, flying off of his shield as soon as it came into contact. The father threw everything he knew at the intruder, but it mattered not as it would deflect as they were unable to penetrate the barrier. He grew desperate, willing himself to break through the shield though his prayers were in vain. With a magical power like his, he had no hope of getting a hit on the man in black without him majorly screwing up. He had thirty years on him, knowledge of darker spells than the father could ever hope to. A mantra repeated in his mind to keep in will strong, even in the darkest of times. Keep them safe, we've been betrayed, keep them safe . The thought never wavered even as his hand did. That one wave of tiredness was all the hooded figure needed to gain the upper hand, attacking and sending the man into the wall behind him without any chance of waking up soon. The world would never know why, having become a mystery to the whole world, the parents were spared the night he planned the extinction of a Noble House. It was one of the many things in the world that would never be explained, and if it ever was, would not be for many years to come. People could sprout theory after theory until they were blue in the face and still not get the right answer because only one person in this world knew and he wasn't talking. His wife heard the attacks shot by her husband and his opponent, the loud crash signifying that the man she loves was shot down like an insect. She could only hope he survived, but knowing their enemy it wasn't likely. That monster had no reason to spare him, much less anyone else in this household. When she finally reached the nursery, she found the emergency portkey not working. She tried to apparate and found she was stuck in place. With no way to escape she set the twins down in the crib, left the oldest standing by it, and quickly crossed the room to lock the door. After a moment of thought, she decided to put a piece of furniture to block his path. The red-haired woman went back to her children in hopes that she could use herself as a shield if, and when, he broke through the barriers. Her oldest child stood looking at her, a detached gaze that broke the woman because even her daughter knew what was to come. The red headed woman wrapped her arms around her child, whispering false reassurances in her ear as well as her love for her. All the while she stifled her sobs in the child's bright hair, so similar to her own that it almost hurts to look at the doppelganger. There is a desperation in her tone, begging for some deity to take pity on them and save her children. There wasn't anything any god could do now, though, for Fate isn't something you can bend to your will. Safety was ripped away from them when the door blew apart, shattering what little illusion of surviving that they had. The off-white color of wood scattered throughout the air, hitting randomly in the room as the explosion shook the walls as the mother desperately tried to keep the debris from harming her children. Her mind spun rapidly, ideas and scenarios being discarded as soon as they came. There had to be a way to make sure her children survived through this night, a sob trying to tear through her throat when it crashed down onto that the three kids in front of her had become her world the moment they were born and she couldn't bear to live without any of them. She would do anything for them. When she turned to face the person who murdered her husband, who would murder her and most likely her children, she felt fear that wanted to collapse on top of her. Only her love, her determination to see her kids through this allowed her