Exiled and Proud Summary: Veela!Draco story where Harry is Draco's mate and Gryffindor is full of assholes. The Slytherins are awkward but supportive. Can Harry complete this obstacle course without burning to the ground? DRARRY. AU Creature This is just the beginning. Chapter One: I Dare You To Stop Me "I don't care anymore!" He screamed. "You can't possibly mean that Harry." Hermione said softly. Harry continued to shout, "Oh, but, I do. The Wizarding world can go fuck itself. I'm done playing saviour." "What's your problem mate?" Ron asked confused as usual. "I fell in love with a Slytherin…" he whispered. Ron's face turned bright red and Hermione's eyes were as wide as an owl's. Before either of them could say anything more, Harry stormed out of the Gryffindor tower. He ran blindly through out the halls and managed to find himself in the Owlery. Harry curled up in the corner on the floor. He didn't care about the mess he was too depressed to care. Sobs rattled his body as he rocked back and forth. There were footsteps approaching, but Harry didn't bother to get up instead he just buried his face into the wall with his arm as a barrier between him and the person coming towards him. Draco walked into the owlery. His face tainted with disdain. He hated having to come up here, but he needed to send a letter to his father urgently. However, he stopped in his tracks as he saw Harry and he put his letter back into his robe pocket. The letter could wait. Draco had never seen Harry so emotionally raw and exposed. It made his chest tighten. His damn veela wanted to be with Harry, but he refused to stoop so low as to mate with a Potter. But, all of his resistance thus far became nought. It was as if it were the first day of the semester all over again. Draco was a veela and Potter was his destined mate. Even though it was only the middle of the second month of the semester, it had been painful for Draco. For resisting one's mate took quite a toll on the body. "Potter?" Harry tensed instantly. It was him. It was the boy he had fallen for. It only made him tremble worse. He heard Draco walk closer and could sense when the blonde kneeled in front of him. Draco took a deep breath before he touched Harry's arm. Slowly moving Harry's arm away, he then, made Harry face him. Harry's eyes were bloodshot and there were deep bags beneath his eyes. Draco also noticed that Harry seemed thinner this year. He frowned softly. Harry was already too thin. He didn't need to lose anymore weight. The two stared at each other for a long time in a relaxing silence. That was until Harry spoke up. "What do you want Malfoy." Harry managed to whisper. "To make you happy." Draco said instantly without thinking. Harry blinked a few times before tilting his head, "Happy? Why would you want your enemy happy?" "You're not my enemy, Potter. I care about you more than I'd like to admit. Just let me help you, okay? I won't tell anyone." Harry looked away and his body began to shake worse. "You can't. No one can." "Fine, at least tell me what the bloody hell has you so upset?" "Promise you won't tell anyone?" Harry whispered in such a small voice he almost sounded like a child. "It can't be that bad… okay, I promise. I won't say a damn thing." "I fell in love with a Slytherin." Draco's eyes widened. This could be in his favour at least he hoped. "Who?" Harry clenched his eyes shut and looked away. He was quiet for almost fifteen minutes. "… You. I fell in love with you and it kills me because I'm not supposed to. The first time I've ever been in love and it has to be with a damn Malfoy. You're a Slytherin of questionable loyalty, you hate me, and even if it was somehow fucking possible that you liked me back I'd probably be murdered by the Light side for they would rather see me dead than associate with a dark wizard." Harry rambled with hints of anxiety. Draco was ecstatic to hear that his mate liked him back but he had to calm down otherwise he could possibly scare Potter. When Harry noticed that Draco was barely reacting to this information, he wasn't sure whether to be happy or sad about it. Eventually though Harry figured it was a good thing and when Draco moved to caress his cheek it was confirmed. Harry immediately leaned into Draco's touch. Draco's heart nearly broke when he saw how Harry reacted to his touch. He had never seen Harry so small and accepting. He began to move closer to Harry. In fact, because of their height difference he almost leaning above of Harry. "Harry…" Harry leaned forwards to meet Draco's lips. Their lips brushed gentle against each other almost like a dusting. Though the dusting quickly faded as the kiss became deeper and warmer. Harry's arms reach up and draped around Draco's neck as Draco slowly inched closer. Draco's hands captured Harry's waist as Harry pressed up against him. Just as slowly as it had escalated it slowly faded and the kiss broke apart. Both of their eyes began to glow. A sign that the mate had accepted his veela. Draco smiled brightly and lifted a hand to brush the remaining tears off Harry's cheek. "Did you feel that just then?" Harry nodded, "Yeah, it was like a rush of warmth settled over me." "You said you love me… well there may be a reason to that. I'm not as pure blooded as you think. Both my father and I are veela. I noticed at the beginning of the semester that just seeing your face gave my heart a sharp tug. I found out through many letters that I exchanged with my father that that is a sign that I have found my mate. Even though, veela mates are supposed to be forever I don't want to force you to hold to that. It may hurt like hell for me, but if you don't want to stay I won't make you." "Veela, huh? I guess that's why you're so sexy." Harry joked lightly to break the seriousness. Draco laughed, "Oh, I'm sexy now? I believe you said I was a pretentious prick just yesterday." Harry put his arms around Draco's neck once more as he said, "Well, we can't have all of Gryffindor dying of heart attacks." They both laughed before sharing a final soft kiss. Draco got up first and then he helped Harry stand up. Together they brushed each other's robes off of the owl dropping remains. Draco wrapped an arm around Harry's waist as they approached the door. Letting out small huffs, they pulled away from each other knowing that if they showed affection in the corridors that Dumbledore would find some way to give them detention. "See you at breakfast." Harry said before ducking out into the corridor. Harry avoided his friends for the rest of the evening. When he fell asleep, his dreams were much more interesting than his usual nightmares. The dreams featured his favourite blonde. Harry was lying naked on a bed and the pale flat chest of Draco lay just above him. Draco grinned down at his little Gryffindor. He leaned down and kissed Harry passionately. As Harry tugged him down closer, Draco began to grind his hips against Harry's. Their cocks sliding against each other. A moan left Harry's breathless lips. His body began to tense as his cock got rock hard. Draco kept a gentle grinding rhythm and teased Harry to the point of an early orgasm. The blonde felt proud that he could get Harry off so easy. Harry woke up with a mess in his boxers and a smile across his lips. As a veela bond, both the veela and its mate share a connection of sorts that allows the two beings to be on the same wavelength emotionally therefore creating a way for them to know each other's feelings. When Harry woke up, he was in high spirits. Draco woke a little later, but when he felt Harry's feelings he couldn't help but smirk to himself because he knew it could only be from a wet dream. As Harry began to get ready for the day, he realized that if he wasn't sly that he would be stopped by his friends on the way to breakfast. They would of course viciously demand where he was last night and he didn't have the time to deal with their shit. He was in a good mood right now and he intended to stay in it. So, as quickly as he possibly could, Harry showered and dressed before putting on his invisibility cloak and bag. At last second he also grabbed the Marauders' map for he had a feeling that if he didn't that Ron would go through his entire trunk just to find it in order to stalk him. While Harry was doing all of these things he began to realize just how shitty Ron and Hermione were towards him and briefly thought of possibly leaving the so called Golden Trio. Though if he did it would probably cause the school to riot and he really didn't want any more attention on him. As Harry mulled over his thoughts, he began to realize that he often didn't focus on his classwork because of subtle threats from his friends. If he did any work then Ron would be disappointed since the red head was often lazy, but then if he did all of his work then Hermione would be pissed because she would see it as him trying to one up her. He decided that starting today he would live by his statement yesterday- the wizarding world could go fuck itself. As he was walking down the corridor he noticed Professor Snape. When he originally started Hogwarts, he was most excited about Potions because it reminded him a bit of cooking which he often did when he wasn't in school. But because of everything going on he couldn't get the chance to really focus on Potions which held him back and made him look like an ass to Professor Snape. He decided that now was the time to finally get back on track. He tore the cloak off of him and shoved it in his bag before running to catch up to the Potion Master. Harry needed to make amends and he knew it especially if he was to convince Snape to give him a second chance. "Professor! Professor Snape, can I talk to you for a moment before breakfast?" Harry said as he caught up to him. "What is it Potter? I have a busy schedule you know." Professor Snape asked. "I was wondering if you could recommend me library books that I can use to improve my potions. As you like to say I'm atrocious at the art. I want to fix that. That is if the damage isn't unrepairable." Severus Snape was an excellent Potions Master and a great teacher if you ignored his comments, but he never would have thought the day would come that Harry Potter would ask him for advice. For a few seconds he was stuck in shock before he realized that the boy wasn't joking. "Well, mister Potter, I will make a list of books for you to check out and give it to you at the end of Potions. I do believe I see you and your entourage during second period." Professor Snape said in almost a polite way before dismissing Potter. Harry nodded and left the professor to be alone with his thoughts. He proceeded the few yards left to the Great Hall.