Disclaimer: I do not own Twilight, all rights go to Stephanie Meyers. Chapter One "We are the silver lining in any and every dark cloud we could ever find. There is no need to go looking for the light when you bring it with you." Tyler Knott Gregson The green flashed by the window as the car went around the corner. My headphones supplying background music of our long journey, seeing as silence would be all I had if I took them out. My brother Zach and I are moving, from Ohio to Forks, Washington. I suppressed the urge to sigh, how on earth did I end up here? A population of nearly 4,000 people, practically ever present rain, and states away from where we used to call home. I felt my body heat as I thought about why we were moving, why just Zach and I were moving. I didn't want to be angry today, I didn't want to be angry at all. My self-control kicked in, knowing the damage I could do when I was upset. Suddenly, rain fell and beat against the window. I leaned back from the window and closed my eyes. I don't know how much time passed, but I woke to Zach gently nudging my shoulder. I pulled my headphones out of my ears. He was standing out the open passenger door. It was a little darker out than the last time I had looked out the window. I turned around to see the backseat; he had already moved all of our things, not that we had much. The moving van was gone too. I smiled at my brother lazily, I was still half asleep. Zach is tall and built, with light brown hair that is short and messy. His hazel eyes met my blue ones. He gave me a lazy smile back and reached out his hand. "Come on sis, we are home." His smile faded slightly, but he kept it on his face. I placed my hand in his and he pulled me up. I looked around, the apartment complex wasn't too big, but it wasn't shady either. He nodded towards the door directly in front of us, about 10 feet away. 107 was our number. We walked side by side, slowly. The lights were on in the little kitchen/living room area. We had the dark wood kitchen table from home, the old blue sofa from the basement, and Zach's TV. Zach sighed and ran a hand through his slightly greasy hair. His dimples showing as he made a face. He looked at me and nodded his head down the hallway. "You can have first pick." I walked down the hallway, the cream walls dull. Three doors. Two bedrooms and a bathroom. The only difference between the bedrooms was the view of the windows. One looked out to the front parking lot. The other looked out to the tiny back patio. I chose the one with the view of the back. Zach began to move my stuff to my room, and soon my bed was made with my multi colored paisley sheets and pillow cases with my yellow fat comforter. I had my stuffed wolf that my brother had gotten me for my eighth birthday. I had a phase were I was obsessed by wolves, but it dimmed as I hit my early teens. They were such beautiful creatures, what wasn't to love? Mr. Wolf sat on my pillow. It was nearly midnight by the time I finished unpacking. I had my small bookcase, my bed side table, and a dresser all crammed in the room. Zach said he was going to get me a bigger bookcase. My books were overflowing onto my dresser. He was stressed, constantly running his hands through his hair, his eyes darting all over the room as he was thinking about all the things he needed to do. The responsibility weighing heavily on him, more than any nineteen year old should have. Zach is only a year older than me, and here he was taking care of me. He shouldn't be the only one trying. I pulled my laptop out of my bag, but then remembered we didn't have any Wi-Fi. I looked at the unfamiliar black phone lying on my bed. That didn't have the capability to search anything either. I sighed as I laid back on my bed. No searching jobs here. We were living off of Zach's savings. He had taken the last year to save for college, and now it was all being put towards us living and our moving states away. I was going to bring something into this; I wasn't a helpless child anymore. I put my laptop away and my new phone on the charger. We had to leave our phones behind, and Zach had bought us cheap and simple pre-pay phones a couple hours after we had left. I was grateful for it, even though it was going to be a learning curve not having an IPhone anymore. I rolled my eyes at myself. I sounded like a brat. I flipped off the light switch. Tomorrow was a new day, and I had a lot to do. Zach must have woken up early to have bought cereal and milk. We had dishes from home, and they seemed to out of place here. He had texted me at 6:30 this morning saying he was getting a head start on job hunting and checking out the area. I looked around the apartment, this was home now. Not wanting to think about too much about it, I got ready for the day and grabbed my bike. I was going to go job hunting too. Luckily we seemed to live close to just about everything. More luck, it wasn't raining. The sky looked clear, and I knew that was practically a miracle. I rode around for about twenty minutes, there was a restaurant, a little diner, a grocery store, and a gas station close by. There wasn't a whole lot of people or traffic around here, and it was a little past 9 in the morning. I had to admit it was beautiful here, but I was sure my mind would change when I got to experience their rain more. I was getting ready to turn around when I saw a bookstore. A spark of hope shot through me, and my legs a renewed energy. It was a cute little shop, it looked to be very old. There wasn't anything to chain my bike to. I'll just leave it up front, I should be able to see it out the front store window, right? I shrugged, I guess I'll find out how nice the town is. I sniffed under my arms to make sure I wasn't smelly from my bike ride, and let my hair loose of its pony tail to pull it back up again so it was neater. I grabbed my water bottle from my pack and took a long slip. I could do this, all I had to do was get a job. How hard could that be? I looked at the sign on the door, they had opened ten minutes ago. Ignoring the growing anxiety, I pulled open the door. A chime on the door jingled as I stepped in. A friendly old man smiled at me from behind the counter. The bookstore was small, but well stocked. There were a few aisles and nearly all the walls were covered in bookcases. I smiled back at the old man as I walked over to him. "Can I help you find something?" He asked me, his voice deep and rich. He had a nice toothy smile, and dark brown eyes. His grey hair taken care of. He wore a blue collared shirt and dress pants. I noticed his wedding ring. He seemed like a good person. For a moment time seemed to stop, I closed my eyes for a second. I could sense his heart beating, could practically see the inner workings of his body. His muscles were relaxed, he seemed in good health. I took a fraction of a second to make my mind aware of his body. Being a magical being had its perks. We are aren't witches, we don't have to do rituals or incantations. Those witches exist but are much quieter about their existence these days. No, we are called Intras, which means "within". Because our magic comes from within us, it's something we are born with. A long time ago our people used their magic openly, like all other creatures. But we were hunted like the rest of them as well. My people have been long forgotten about, although we never forgot about our supernatural peers. We are a secret society, and that's the way my people like it. I never knew what to call my ability, but my magic seems to come from beings. I can sense humans and animals. I can feel every heartbeat, every movement of muscle. And I can tamper with the body. I can heal, and I can destroy. I was aware of every single person within a mile of me. I had already convinced myself that I was going to get a job on my own, no magic to help people warm up to me. Something about sending my magic towards someone made them more trusting of me. But I wanted to be aware of his body language, so I opened myself up completely to my power. It had taken me a long time to learn to focus on just one person, and it was still tricky. It was easier since there was no one in the store but him and someone that I couldn't see, probably in a back room or office area of the store. I looked the old man in the eye, "Actually I was wondering if you had any job openings." My voice wasn't as confident as I had hoped, but I couldn't change that now. The old man looked surprised, and I could sense his laughter coming before I heard it. He chuckled softly at me, "Now that's not something I hear every day." He crossed his arms across his chest and took a deep breath. He looked at me, as if he was trying to figure me out. "It's just me, my son, and granddaughter running the store." He said, and my hope started to diminish. Family ran places tend to not take in outsiders. He quirked a smile at me, "I guess it would be good to have some extra hands. I don't exactly move around like I used to." I nearly gasped, and smiled brightly at him. Is he seriously giving me a job? "You like to read?" He asked me, and I nodded my head. "Yes sir, ever since I learned how." He smiled at my answer, "How old are you?" "Eighteen." He nodded his head, "Graduated high school?" "Yes, a couple months ago." He put up a finger to tell me to wait a moment and he turned around and stuck his head through a door behind him. "Hey Jack, come here a moment." The old man walked back towards me, and extended his hand. "I'm Charles Harold." I shook his hand, "Reid Montgomery." A tall man, who looked like he was in his late forties appeared through the door. "Jack," Charles said, "this young lady is Reid Montgomery and she was wondering if we had any job openings." Jack, had black hair and the same dark brown eyes as his father. His eye brows raised as he looked at me. Before Jack had the chance to respond, Charles spoke again. "Get all the necessary things you need from the young lady, run a background check if you like, or whatever it is you think you need." He waved his hands as he spoke. Jack seemed confused, "You want me to interview her?" Charles shook his head, "No, she's