Disclaimer: All recognizable characters/places are owned by J.K. Rowling and her publishers, and I do not claim ownership over them or their world. No copyright infringement is intended; this piece leads to no financial gain and it is written for the purpose of personal enjoyment and skill development. OC's and plot do belong to me. "All courses of action are risky, so prudence is not in avoiding danger (it's impossible), but calculating risk and acting decisively. Make mistakes of ambition and not mistakes of sloth. Develop the strength to do bold things, not the strength to suffer." -Niccolo Machiavelli Chapter 1 – Judged I'm a little older now, and I guess I would like to say, a little more learned in the ways of the world; a little wiser and perhaps a tad more mature. But if I were, would I really be reading a gossip column while waiting for my father to stand trial for murder and miscellaneous? Don't think so. April's glaring eye caught mine. She yanked the magazine from my hands and crumpled it before throwing it on my lap. Instead, it landed next to me shoe. "Enough," she said, her lips barely breaking open. I rolled my eyes and picked the crumbled parchment down. The words "Oliver Wood's sizzling scandalous divorce " stood out like the Harry Potter kid next to the new Minister of Magic. I sighed, and tucked the magazine beneath my arse and waited. England had apparently changed since I'd left. I won't lie; it stung to know that the world I once called home had gone on with me gone. I always thought of myself as rather important. Next to me, Adrian yawned and stretched his legs. I snickered the moment he hit his toe against the metal bar of the seat in front of him. A witch with a lopsided purple hat turned around and glared at him, but he seemed too concerned coddling his foot to care. A noise on the far end of the room caught my attention. I hadn't realised how bubbly and chatty the room was until it grew silent enough you could hear a pin drop. I held my breath and watched as the two large marble doors opened up, creaking as if they were lacking oil. Half the room seemed to brace itself, waiting for the fateful moment in which the dementor's cold would freeze their lungs; and as soon as they realised that dementors were no longer allowed they all exhaled like an orchestra. I didn't. My eyes were focused on the haggard and old looking man who was walking with difficulty. Two wizards walked beside him, one holding the prisoner's arm. His long coal black hair, once smooth as silk, hung unclean and matted obstructing his face. Inside me, my heart was beating loud enough to make me deaf. I watched drenched in agony as my father took a seat in the lone chair in the middle of the rounded room. My eyes closed with the finality of the chains that had wrapped around his wrists. Beside me, Adrian grabbed my hand and pulled it on his lap. I felt, rather than saw, April stiffen. For a moment, no one spoke. "This court now calls upon Antonious Acacius Montieth," the speaker's voice, a scrubby old man whose name was XXX, spoke; his voice, augmented magically, jumped off of the walls, starling me into opening my eyes. "For trial under the new restored order, under charges of allying with the group called the Death Eaters; of wishing ill to parts of the wizarding and muggle society, and of premeditated murder and torture." My eyes were fixed on my father whose head was bowed down; vile rose up my throat. I dug my nails into Adrian's calloused hand and he squealed. "Antonious Acacius Montieth, do you consent to tell the truth and nothing but the truth," whispers aroused in the rows nearby me. I had heard them before; I had been sitting at this same place for an entire day, waiting for the moment my father would be judged for his crimes. Everyone around me did not hold the slightest suspicion of innocence: all the people brought forward were found guilty, and condemned. And all had agreed to one last, if not first, act of honesty: they confessed, praying, for mercy. "I will tell the truth," my father said after a moment's silence, his eyes darting wildly over the stands. The audience reeled in distrust, but kept quiet. The prosecution gave him no time to prepare. "Antonious Acacius Montieth," the wizard proceeded, his voice booming in the tight room, suffocating. "Do you declare yourself guilty or innocent of being in alliance with Lord Voldemort-" the audience shivered, -"and his band of misfits, the Death Eaters?" "Guilty." "Did you engage in murder, torture and other illegal activities which resulted in the death, traumatization or otherwise damaged the livelihood of wizards, witches, muggles and other magical and non-magical living beings and creatures?" "Yes." "Do you agree with the extremist belief that only pureblood wizards and witches are fit to live; that muggles, squibs and muggle-borns are inferior and therefore must be killed or slaved?" "I did." Well, I could've choked in my spit and by the shouts of 'liar', so did most of the people. "Did you or did you not commit murder against these people whom you thought worthless, and those who sought to defend them?" "I did but I-" "Did you or did you not torture those same people whom you thought worthless, and those who sought to defend them?" "I did, but I-" "Did you or did you not support a regime that would have enslaved and massacred part of the wizarding and magical world?" "But I repent!" my father's shout cut through the air like a dry slap. The prosecutor looked stupefied and at a loss for how to proceed. "I do repent my past actions and beliefs." An elderly witch leaned forward, her light blue bonnet almost falling off of her head. "You repent, Mr. Montieth?" she asked, her voice as sweet as cotton candy. I sneered her way, knowing full well she couldn't see me. The room had quieted down. "I do, I do repent," and then the shouting started. "Liar!" "Murderer!" "Death Eater!" "Silence!" the prosecutor stood up and was looking around at all of us in the audience. I couldn't see him this far off, but the extent of his annoyance could be felt. "Let the man speak," with a final huff, he took his seat again and resumed staring at my father. "I regret what it has done to my family," my father said, speaking like an old man. When had he aged so much? The last time I had laid eyes on him had been on that cursed ball shortly before I run away. He hadn't looked as emaciated as he did now, a mere shell of a man. "My wife… my children… it has been my entire fault." The prosecutor leaned in, narrowing his eyes. "And what about other people's wives and children? Do you regret the pain and suffering your actions have caused them?" My father looked up and held the wizard's gaze. "No, I cannot. I can only find enough humanity in me to regret what has befallen my own family." The entire audience gasped. Witches and wizards around me shook their heads in either disapproval or disgust. Beside me, Adrian grabbed a hold of my forearm and squeezed. "That he found some humanity in him is quite the achievement," I whispered, leaning closer to him so April wouldn't hear me. "I do not ask to be spared," my father continued, oblivious to the turmoil of repugnance that his last well-chosen words had created. "I only ask that my remaining children be granted peace." "We have no reason to suspect any of your remaining children to have participated or allied themselves with the Death Eaters. We have thoroughly investigated the manner," the prosecutor continued, avoiding my father's eyes and shuffling a large pile of parchment. "You are aware that your son Nicholas perished during the Hogwarts Battle?" My father bowed his head. "I saw his body amongst the dead." "And that your sister, Adelaine Oakley and her husband Lawrence Oakley were found murdered by Death Eaters last December?" "Yes." "Then pray tell, why would you think what is left of your family would have no peace?" my father kept his head bowed, but did not speak. "Your best hope is that they may find their own peace, knowing what horrors two members of their own blood committed." "You don't understand," my father said. I saw his wrist shake and make the chains rattle. "My daughter, my beautiful daughter... All I wanted was for them to be happy." The prosecutor snorted. "And a jolly good job you did with that. Be glad three of your kids didn't turn out like you." I sent another glare in the prosecutor's direction. A tear fell from an eyelash and into my eye. I brushed it off with the back of my hand, and avoided Adrian's gaze. "With no further ado," the prosecutor continued in an almost bored tone. "Considering the accused's own admission of guilt to all of his charges, this jury has no choice but to sentence Antonious Montieth to life in Azkaban, with no chance of parole. Any last words?" I fixed my eyes on my father; my heart was beating fast enough to break my ribs. "May I see them?" "Who?" "My daughter, my sons, my grandchild…" "Visitations are allowed in Azkaban only. Take him away." I watched as my father's eyes bulged out of his drained skull; they roamed over the audience desperately as two buff wizards walked towards him. "No, they won't! Please! Elizabeth! Armand! William!" I closed my eyes, willing myself not cry over a man who never had the consciousness to know how much he had hurt his family when it mattered. I opened them only when I heard the main door close, and was sure I wouldn't see him again. "Hurry up, let's go," April's voice nagged not a second later. She grabbed a hold of my right elbow and pulled upwards. I groaned, refusing to move but she only yanked that much harder. "Elizabeth don't be a child, we need to leave before the next trial begins." With a sigh, I yanked my elbow out of her grip, grabbed my handbag and copy of Witch Weekly, and straightened up. The suffocating mood that had gripped the room had been replaced by a much livelier one as people turned to their neighbors to chat and cheer the imprisonment of one more Death Eater. I followed my sister in law, who seemed to be all but supporting William, as we snaked through the rows and rows of wizards and witches who had showed up for the day's entertainment. After the Battle of Hogwarts, all of the Death Eaters and other suspected people had been rounded up as evidence upon evidence of their evil doings was collected through various sources. Trials began within three weeks of the battle, and had been relentless ever since. It had been a while. No one spoke as we made our way up the elevators and towards the atrium; we had spent enough time talking earlier, speculating, and no one was surprised. April kept whispering things in William's ear to which he responded with a sob. I caught Armand rolling his eyes at our eldest brother's sensitivity, but I couldn't agree with him. After all, it wasn't every day your father was convicted of murder; it also wasn't a normal day when he told an audience full of strangers that he regretted all the pain he caused his family. I think that was the closest he ever got to saying he loved us. "I suppose you are headed towards your old flat?" April said, catching me off