A/N: This is my first Percy Jackson story, so please tell me how good or bad I am doing. I would really appreciate it! Don't be afraid to point out any grammar or spelling errors. Oh, and also, I would like the readers to tell me who they want Ebony to be paired with later on, like Will Solace, Nico di Angelo, Leo Valdez, etc. (Not specifically any of these, just putting names out there.) Percy Vaporizes Our Pre-Algebra Teacher Being a half-blood may sound cool, but it isn't. Put this book down now if you think you may be one. Part of being a half-blood is fighting tons of monsters. And these monsters can get you killed in ways you wouldn't think possible. My name is Ebony Jackson, twin sister of Percy Jackson. We are twelve years old, and, until a few months ago, we were students at Yancy Academy, private school for troubled kids in upstate New York. Are we troubled kids? Yeah. You could say that. I could go to any point of our short life to prove it, but things got really bad last May, when our sixth-grade class took a trip to Manhattan—twenty-nine mental-case kids and two teachers on a yellow school bus, heading to the Metropolitan Museum of Art to look at ancient Greek and Roman stuff. It sounds like torture, as most Yancy field trips were. But Mr. Brunner, our Latin teacher, was leading the trip so I had hopes. Mr. Brunner was this middle-aged guy in a motorized wheelchair. He had thinning hair and a scruffy beard and a frayed tweed jacket, which always smelled like coffee. It doesn't seem like he'd be cool, but he told stories and let us play games in class. He also had a collection of Roman armor and weapons, so he was the only teacher that didn't bore me and put Percy to sleep. Percy and I had hoped the trip would be okay. Well, at least we hoped that for once we wouldn't get in trouble. Boy, were we wrong. See, bad things happen to us on field trips. Like at our fifth-grade school, when we went to the Saratoga battlefield, Percy had this incident with a Revolutionary War cannon. He said he wasn't aiming for the school bus, but of course he got expelled and I with him even though I had not done a thing wrong. And before that, at our fourth-grade school, when we took a behind-the-scenes tour of Marine World shark pool, I hit a lever at the same time Percy did and our class took an unplanned swim. And the time before that… Well, you get the idea. This trip, we were determined to be good. All the way into the city, we put up with Nancy Bobofit, the freckly, redheaded kleptomaniac girl, hitting my friend Grover in the back of the head with chunks of her peanut butter-and-ketchup sandwich. Luckily I was not getting hit as I was in the seat across from them. What kind of person actually likes peanut butter and ketchup together?! Grover was an easy target. He was scrawny. He cried when he got frustrated. He must've been held back several grades, because he was the only sixth grader with acne and the start of a wispy beard on his chin. On top of all that, he was crippled. He had a note excusing him from PE for the rest of his life because he had some kind of muscular disease in his legs. (Lucky Grover.) He walked funny, like every step hurt him, but don't let that fool you. You should've seen him run when it was enchilada day in the cafeteria. Anyway, Nancy Bobofit was throwing wads of sandwich that stuck in his curly brown hair, and she knew Percy and I couldn't do anything because the headmaster had threatened us both with death by in-school suspension if anything bad, embarrassing, or even mildly entertaining happened on this trip. "I'm going to kill her," I heard Percy say under his breath. "It's okay. I like peanut butter." "With ketchup?" I asked. He dodged another piece of Nancy's lunch. "That's it," Percy said. He started to get out of his seat but Grover pulled him into his seat. I sent him a grateful smile. "You and Ebony are already on probation," he reminded Percy. "You know who'll get blamed if anything happens." Of course we did. Him and me, even if I did nothing to get suspended. Looking back on it, I really wished that Percy would have decked Nancy Bobofit right then and there. I gladly would have taken in-school suspension compared to the mess Percy and I were about to get ourselves into. Mr. Brunner led the museum tour. He rode up front in his motorized wheelchair, guiding us through the big echoey galleries, past marble statues and glass cases full of really old black-and-orange pottery. It was amazing how this stuff had survived for two thousand, three thousand years. But yet, the stuff in the galleries seemed to be a lot older than they are said to. He gathered us around a thirteen-foot-tall stone column with a big sphinx on the top, and started telling us how it was a grave marker, a stele, for a girl about our age. He told us about the carvings on the sides. It was very interesting, and I heard some people talking behind me and occasionally I heard Percy telling them to shut up. Mrs. Dodds had been glaring at Percy every time he talked. She was this little math teacher from Georgia and always wore this leather jacket, even though she was fifty years old. She came to Yancy halfway through the year, when our last math teacher had a nervous breakdown. From her first day, Mrs. Dodds loved Nancy Bobofit and figured we were devil spawn. She would point her crooked finger at Percy or me and say, "Now, honey," real sweet, and then we knew that one of us was going to get after-school detention for a month. One time, after she had Percy and I erase answers out of old math workbooks until midnight, Percy told Grove he didn't think Mrs. Dodds was human. He looked at Percy, real serious, and said, "You're absolutely right." Mr. Brunner kept talking about Greek funeral art. Can we please get to something more interesting, like the food they ate? Behind me, I heard Nancy snickering. Then, "Will you shut up?" Percy said that, I realize. Well, I guess this field trip is already going in a bad direction. The whole group laughed. Mr. Brunner stopped his story. "Mr. Jackson," he said, "did you have a comment?" Percy's face was so red, that had it been any other time, I would have laughed. "No, sir," he said. Mr. Brunner pointed to one of the pictures on the stele. "Perhaps you'll tell us what this picture represents?" I had recognized it immediately as Kronos eating his kids. He can do this, I know he knows it. Percy looked at the carving. "That's Kronos eating his kids, right?" "Yes," Mr. Brunner said, obviously not satisfied. "And he did this because…" "Well…" Percy said. I mentally face palmed and wanted to scream at him. "Kronos was the king god, and—" I sucked in a breath, irritated. "Titan," I said, nudging him. "Titan," he corrected. "And… he didn't trust his kids, who were the gods. So, um, Kronos ate them right? But his wife hid baby Zeus, and gave Kronos a rock to eat instead. And later, when Zeus grew up, he tricked his dad, Kronos, into barfing up his brothers and sisters—" "Eeew!" said one of the girls next to me. I rolled my eyes. "—and so there was this big fight between the gods and the Titans. And the gods won," Percy said. I was impressed that he could fit in such a long complicated war into a sentence. There were snickers from the group. I was getting irritated. Like they knew what all these things were. Behind Percy, Nancy Bobofit mumbled to a friend, "Like we're going to use this in real life. Like it's going to say on our job applications, 'Please explain why Kronos ate his kids.'" "And why, Mr. Jackson," Brunner said, "to paraphrase Miss Bobofit's excellent question, does this matter in real life?" "Busted," I heard Grover mutter. "Shut up," Nancy hissed, her face even brighter red than her hair. I was so glad she got into trouble. She never gets into trouble, so I'm thankful for this. Mr. Brunner was the only one who ever caught her saying anything wrong. I swear, this guy has the ears of a horse. I saw Percy shrug. "I don't know, sir." "And you, Miss Jackson?" I was totally unprepared to get asked a question. "U-uh…" I stuttered. I think really hard, trying not to go brain dead and disappoint Brunner. "It matters because some of the things we study are parts of our life today, so we need to pay attention to them," I say. "If we don't pay attention to what's going on now and not write it in history books, history may repeat itself," I say, giving him the best answer I could give. Percy seemed impressed, and Grover was smiling a little. "I see," said Mr. Brunner. "Well done Miss Jackson. And Mr. Jackson, half credit. Zeus did indeed feed Kronos a mixture of mustard and wine, which made him disgorge his other children, who, of course, being immortal gods, had been living and growing up completely undigested in the Titan's stomach. The gods defeated their father, sliced him to pieces with his own scythe, and scattered his remains in Tartarus, the darkest part of the Underworld. On that happy note, it's time for lunch. Mrs. Dodds, would you lead us back outside?" The class drifted off, the girls (except me, of course) holding their stomachs, the guys pushing each other around and acting like the doofuses they are. One of them was pushed straight into me, a sort of attractive guy with beach blond hair and blue eyes. He smiled and I rolled my eyes, pushing him away. "Mr. Jackson," Mr. Brunner said. Percy told Grover and me to meet him outside. We walked out, talking about some of the things we thought were interesting so far on the museum trip. When we got outside, a huge storm was brewing. I couldn't help but be nervous at the sight. The weather had been strange since Christmas, but I felt like it was something more than strange weather patterns. My mind started drifting to how school would be over soon, and I was excited to see mom again. Percy finally came outside. Grover and I had sat on the edge of the fountain, to get away from the freaks we call our classmates. "Detention?" Grover asked. "Nah," Percy said. "Not from Brunner. I just wish he would lay off me sometimes. I mean—I'm not a genius." I laughed. "You could say that again, Percy," I said. "Like you're any smarter than me," he said. I huffed, knowing he was right. I opened my lunch bag that contained some candy that I had snuck into my dorm, and a sandwich. "Can I have your apple?" I heard Grover ask Percy. I ate my candy happily, until I looked at Percy. He was watching the cabs drive by, no doubt thinking about going and see mom, like I had earlier. "Don't," I say as I put my hand on his shoulder. "I know," he said. "I just wish that we could see her more often." I nodded in agreement, silently ending our conversation. I looked over and saw that Mr. Brunner had parked his wheelchair at the base of the handicapped ramp. He ate celery while he ate a paperback novel. A red umbrella stuck up from the back of his chair,