A/N warnings: This story will contain a self insert OC. He will be a selfish person and will think nothing of doing immoral and manipulative acts to get what he wants. This is also your warning up front that it will be a Snape!Harem and Snape will be a little dark/evil. Only women will be in the harem. There will be adult situations and lemons in this story. This is also my first attempt at writing so I thank you for giving this a chance and for any positive feed back. Warning: This story will contain adult situations and language. Disclaimer: I actually think it's hilarious that I have to say I don't own anything from the Harry Potter franchise. I would think it was obvious that I don't. In fact I wish it would change so that it is just assumed that a person doesn't own something unless they specifically say otherwise. Half-Blood Emperor Chapter 1 Oh I died. Or at least I assume I just did. I was on my way to the kitchen to get a glass of water in the middle of the night when I felt a sharp, extreme pain just behind my eyes. Even worse than the worse headache I'd ever experienced, like an ice pick in its intensity. My vision blurred and the last thing I could make out was the floor getting awfully close. But I didn't feel the impact. In fact I didn't feel anything except a tingling sensation like when a foot falls asleep, only all over, and then nothing. And I was acutely aware, almost disturbingly so, that I had just died. Not to be confused with losing consciousness however, I'm not certain how I know the difference but I just do. And I can't help but mentally curse up a storm as the realization sets in that not only did I just shuffle off my mortal coil right when my life was at the it's hedonistic peak, thanks in no small part to my hard work and effort to get to where I wanted to be; but I just died to what I'm certain is a brain aneurism. The reason this is important, at least to me, is that I'd just died from one of my biggest fears. I was pissed because I knew that despite the low odds it was one of those things that could happen to anyone, at any time, for no reason. 'Oh well' I can't help but mentally sigh. At least it wasn't death by alligator. In hindsight this was much less traumatic. Although now I was starting to worry. I wasn't a religious person in life and though I had no idea what, if any, afterlife awaited me. I certainly didn't think it would be an endless nothingness. Nothing to see, hear, touch, taste, or to feel. Nothing but me all alone with my thoughts. I'm not sure how long I was like this either, with no obvious way to keep track of time other than counting the seconds. This sensory deprivation. I knew I wouldn't last long, I have no illusions about how tough I can be and how I'll crack eventually. At this point I was honestly wishing for oblivion and to just cease existing if this is all there is. 'Of course I'd rather still be alive' my internal thoughts oh so helpfully pointed out. And no sooner had I thought that, I felt something. I didn't have time to revel in the feeling however, because whatever it was felt like a hook behind where my 'naval' would be and I was moving. Suddenly the white nothingness that I had known was put into perspective as I was pulled away from its center and into a vast sea of black flecked with countless spheres of light similar to the one I'd just involuntarily, though not unwantedly, vacated. There was no time for me to take it all in and try to contemplate what was happening. Because after the next thought of where I'd heard of a similar feeling being described before, I was suddenly jerked and moving faster than I could comprehend from my current perspective. It would be quite some time before I thought of this place again. Busy as I was being reborn into someone else's body and taking over their life was a somewhat more immediate concern that took up much of my time and effort to ensure I came out on top. An inhale, then a slow, drawn out exhale. Again and again this happened and I drank in the feeling of air filling my lungs. Further listening to my breathing revealed a steady thumping. I could feel my heartbeat. And to someone who knew he died, it was a wonderful feeling. And the more he focused on his heartbeat, and breathing, and being alive, he felt something else. Something separate that he knew wasn't there before inside him. Shocked and startled from this mystery he opened his eyes and found a room that was entirely unfamiliar to him. What was shocking was that he knew that he had not been inside this place before, but the more he looked about the more familiar it was becoming. He started having phantom memories of this room, the bed he was lying in was where he slept, the small desk in the corner was where he studied and did his homework and on and on the feelings came. And while this was happening almost subconsciously, the man came upon another revelation that was immediately more important. He was not in his old body. He knew the because the last time he checked he was a full grown, healthy adult male. Yet before even looking down at himself he could feel that his proportions were all wrong. He was smaller! No… His body was that of a child right now. 'Thankfully still male' he thought while breathing a heavy sigh of relief. Not that he had a problem with the female form. In fact he had an overly healthy appreciation for it. But he self-identified as a male for as long as he could remember and had no desire to change that. Or have it changed for him for that matter. It was times like this he was glad for being a laid back and unflappable individual. "Make it look easy." Was the best advice he ever received in his early life. And it was because of this aspect of his character that he wasn't freaking out and screaming as some people are want to do. Instead he was more than capable, and even comfortable, in going slow and figuring things out in a logical fashion. Getting up from the bed and giving a cursory glance about the room looking for any clues that could help him figure out where he was, and more importantly, who he is now. However no sooner had the thought passed his mind, he was suddenly assaulted with more phantom feelings, with a few sporadic memories thrown into the mix this time. A stern looking man and a dour women with a scowl, multiple times, through multiple places that are strangely familiar, most likely other rooms in this very house; kept referring to him as Severus Snape. With the sudden vertigo that accompanied the foreign memories fading his brain hiccupped. 'Severus Snape? Severus Snape as in the Harry Potter book series Severus Snape?' What are the odds of it being a different person after all. Severus is already an uncommon name and having died once, the thought of being reborn as a fictional character isn't out of the realm of possibility. Though it is somewhat outside of my wheelhouse. What I need to do is confirm that this is the case before I make any plans or do anything else. I realize that this different set of memories have been trickling in since I awoke and I'm starting to think that they must be imprinted in this bodies brain. Which makes sense when I think about it. But then that begs the question about my own memories? Will they eventually fade away or will they stay with me? Genuinely concerned for the first time since I woke up in a new body, I focus inwardly. All I can do is feel what makes me, me. And what makes Severus a separate identity. And as I concentrate on this I can feel an internal shifting. Like something perfectly slotting into place, partitioning a portion of this mind to permanently hold my memories and never letting them go, marking them as important. It was a distinctly odd feeling. Something I've never done or felt before so I had no frame of reference other than a feeling of inherent rightness. Like this is how it's supposed to work and it worked perfectly the first time. And I just know I'm no longer in danger of losing either set of memories. If I had to describe it, it was like trying a skill out for the first time like a sport or painting, and finding out that you're a master at it straight out of the gate. A natural talent. Because of this I was able to calm down again. A small reprieve that allowed me to know that I can keep in control of the situation and I'll be alright. 'I wonder if that was Occlumency?' is the best guess he could come up with at the moment. Breathing a deep sigh of relief I set about my original task of verifying my predicament and gathering information. Moving over to the desk where the memories of Snape are telling me that I'll find all the proof I need, I sit in the chair and pull the top right hand drawer open and pulling out a long, thin box and place it carefully in front of me. Without any further ceremony, and wanting to finally see it I open the box and see a long, thin wand. Running his fingers along it he whispers, "Walnut and phoenix feather, thirteen inches, ridged." He quotes what Ollivander told him when he finally found and bonded to it. Feeling the warmth from the wand connect to him and the magic inside of him he felt an exceptional thrill of power well up from within. He kept an iron will of control on it however to keep it from lighting up the room and filling it with sparks of light like he inherently knew it wanted to as it bonded to him even stronger than when Severus had originally fist picked it up. "This particular wood combined with such a core will be uncommonly versatile and adaptable. Most wand woods will have a particular nature and will resist using spells that go against it. Walnut however, once bonded, will perform any task it's user desires, provided the user is of sufficient brilliance of course." Ollivander had told him in the shop. That settles it. Magic was certainly a thing for him now and he could feel it singing in his veins. He didn't even need to cast any of the spells he was now more than eager to try out to know that this was real. And wasn't that a happy thought. Everything he had experienced so far was to real and vivid to be a hallucination or an elaborate dream of a coma. Especially considering how Severus Snape likely wouldn't have been his first choice if he had to pick being reincarnated as someone. Though upon further examination of his options, assuming he had to be reborn here in this particular fictional world, it's not the worst person he could be. Of course knowing what I know of the future events, Severus didn't have a great life. From my own point of view he had an unhealthy interest in his childhood friend who didn't return his feelings and he never got over it. To him, he also made a few