A/N: To everyone who was expecting an update on my other story, Half-Blood Emperor, I apologize. I'm still working on the next chapter for it. This whole thing started out as an errant thought that percolated in my brain. About how there is a startling lack of female Voldemort stories. I was only going to write down some ideas I swear! But then this happened… Oh well I hope you all enjoy it! Warning: This story will contain adult situations and language. Disclaimer: I don't own Harry Potter or any related characters. Aggressive Love Chapter 1 Godric's Hollow, October 31 st 1981 "Lily, it's him! Take Harry and run!" James Potter shouted up the stairs to his wife with a desperate hope that she could find a way out. He knew she was smart like that. Common sense and a familiarity with the tactics used in this war they so foolishly got swept up in guaranteed there would be anti-apparition and anti-portkey wards already in place cutting off that avenue of escape. But the messy haired man had faith in his wife, the smartest witch he knew, could find a way to save herself and her son. Tragically he would never know that only one of the two would live on past the night. Or that it was his wife's plan from the moment she knew a most dangerous dark lord was after their family, to ensure a bright future for her son. The most important thing in her life. "Such a good husband." The woman of blood red hair murmured in appreciation of her husband's sacrifice, giving her a few more precious moments with her beloved son to finish her preparations. Putting the finishing touches on her original creation, a ritual of her own design. She paints a small rune on her son's forehead, made of a mixture from her own blood and other powerful reagents. Sowilo. To symbolize the sun, life, fertility, power, success . There was certainly more to this than that of course. She had been working on this ritual since she first learned she was pregnant with her darling Harry. This was just the second to last step in the process. The final one would be the sacrifice of her own life. A way to keep him safe no matter what. A guarantee that he would be well cared for by the people he meets in life. Oh how she cursed James for weeks for dragging them into this war, and berated herself in private for allowing him to talk her into it in the privacy of her own mind, after she learned of the life she was bringing into the world. The life of her son for whom she'd do anything for. Case and point, the hours upon hours of work, the sleepless nights spent researching, all for this. To protect her son, her Harry , from the man who so foolishly came after them. 'Well too bad' she thought. His mistake and her sacrifice will ensure her son's future. What she was doing had the same properties as a curse, by the technical definition. A persistent and lasting magical affect after its activation that will irrevocably change him. Its first purpose is simple enough. To stop anyone with the intent to kill her Harry from being able to; no matter the method they try to use, it will fail. The second, and more complicated from an arithmancy standpoint, is to permanently change his physiology. This alteration would make a permanent change in his body that will constantly exude pheromones and a subtle frequency of his magical aura that would compel people to want to help him. To care for him. To forever want to do anything for him after being exposed to him only once. But because of it tying into his natural biology, this blessing she's giving him will only affect those of the opposite gender. This was alright with Lily though. Her son deserves nothing but the best the world has to offer, and this will ensure he will have plenty of love. Especially since she won't be able to do anything else for him after tonight. The third part is the greatest accomplishment however. She couldn't leave this to chance. Couldn't risk that someone would undo all her hard work and take her gift away from her baby. So she gave this gift a semi-sentience. A true embodiment of her love that will stay with Harry forever to protect him. It will ensure his survival and allow him to thrive. "Oh Harry mommy loves you." She gushes while her hands cup her face and devotion shines in her deep emerald pools. She doesn't look away from him, wanting this moment where she can gaze upon her perfect son to last as long as possible, until the door behind her is finally blown open by the fool-who-was-doomed. Turning around to face him with an eerie smile on her face gives Voldemort pause for a moment. He was understandably confused, he did just kill her husband and is about to kill her child as well. Hopefully he wouldn't have to kill her though, he remembers his promise to the loyal servant that alerted him to this potential danger that needed to be dealt with. And it's always good for moral to reward his followers for exemplary work. Positive reinforcement and all that. Putting aside his unease with the red haired mudblood he speaks, "Step aside girl. I'm only here for the boy, you can live." His sibilant voice promises. Voldemort wasn't sure if it was his imagination but the temperature of the room seemed to plummet like a swarm of Dementors had just descended on them; as the woman's green eyes hardened and her smile froze. With a certainty in her voice that honestly surprised him she spoke, "You can kill me. But you will not hurt my son." "Get out of the way foolish girl!" Voldemort snarled at her. She was beginning to wear out his patience. He had things to do after this little errand was over and she was taking up his valuable time by being obstinate. "No. You can kill me, but you will not kill my son ." She stated with a force of presence, and something else in the air, that Voldemort found more than a little unsettling. "Very well then, if that's your choice. Avada Kedavra. " He summoned the dreaded killing curse to strike her down. And down she fell, with a softer smile on her face now in death as in the last moment of life she felt her ritual activate successfully. Meanwhile, the now orphaned boy is crying, not understanding what's going on, but on some level knowing he'd just lost a parent. At the same time, the rune that resembles a lightning bolt, drawn on his forehead in his mother's blood sinks into the skin and becomes a permanent part of Harry forever. Brushing off the unnerving encounter with the troublesome women, the dark lord stalks up to the crib containing the so called 'child of prophecy'. With only a passing glance at the mother of this little boy he can't help but feel slightly disappointed for his loyal subordinate. Lily Potter may have been of inferior breeding and standing, but she was quite the looker. He could see why Severus would settle for that, but he'd just have to get over it. Casting his blood red eyes onto his nemesis, he can't help but scoff. A baby was supposed to be his downfall? Well perhaps if Voldemort was inclined to let him grow up there would be a chance, but that would be the height of foolishness. Better to end this now and put him out of both their misery. Pointing his wand directly at the child, and thinking nothing of the blemish that would soon be his undoing, he cast the killing curse for the third and final time that night. And the clashing of two magical certainties began and ended. Avada Kedavra, the killing curse. Lily's blood protection from death. These two forces of nature battled for dominance in a striking similarity of the unstoppable force and unmovable object. But the blood protection had an advantage. It was made, by design, to adapt specifically to situations like this. Why bother trying to fight brute force with brute force, when it could simply turn the momentum around. The green killing curse is powerful, yet simple. It was this fact that made all the difference when the dedicated protection of his mother's love for Harry redirected the curse that could not be blocked, and returned it to its source. All of this took place in the span of a split second, allowing Voldemort no time to dodge, nor any time to comprehend what happened. All he knew was pain as his body was torn apart. The dark lord's horcruxes anchoring his soul to this plane of existence did all they could to keep his soul in his body as they were designed to. But the killing curse cannot be stopped. So, piece by piece, Voldemort's corporeal form broke apart as his own failsafe against death stopped him from being able to flee his body, effectively trapping him in the torment, until there was nothing left to hold him in place. Such a traumatic crises of his very being had disastrous consequences, as by the time he was finally free of his excruciating suffering, he could think of nothing but getting away from this place. But in his pain he didn't realize he left some of his own torn, and tattered soul behind. This piece of soul simply wasn't enough to do much of anything. It couldn't think for itself and could only move on an inborn instinct of survival and fear of death. It had known this wasn't the first time the main body had split before though and all of Voldemort's soul knew what was supposed to happen after the separation. And there just happened to be a fresh, magical nexus of a sort. Because of this it attempted to save itself by merging with the most heavily magical thing it can feel. Attempted being the key word. The embodiment of his mother's love did its job in protecting young Harry. But it was still newly formed. And magically exhausted. Any other time it would have been able to fend off the piece of foreign soul. In its current state of exhaustion however, it could only contain it for now. But it would study it, and learn from it. The manifestation of love incarnate would make sure that this person who tried to end its host would be neutralized in the future. Having a shard of this person's soul to manipulate would ensure that they won't be a threat again. It would only be a day before the protection was tested again. By a wizard who meant well, but tampered with something he didn't fully understand. This meddling would have far reaching consequences that would change the world far more than it should have. And all because one old fool thought he knew best. Privet Drive, November 1 st 1981 "No, surely not Albus! You can't mean to leave him here? I've been watching the house all day and they are the worst sort of muggles." Minerva McGonagall implored the wise looking old man who had just, somewhat embarrassingly, caught her out in her Animagus form of a cat. "You couldn't find people more unlike our kind than them ." She said with particular emphasis on that last word, as though she was speaking of something repulsive. "Ah but that is precisely why he must remain here." Albus Dumbledore says. "He should be raised by family and away from all the fame that our world will no doubt hang on his shoulders for his part in ending the war." He finishes his case with wide smile, and twinkling eyes.