things we lost in the fire Annabeth lost her mother when she was seven. Not that she allows it to define her. If she's honest she hardly remembers her mother, just one mental image of her remains. Blonde hair, grey eyes and a face obscured by the sunlight. Her father didn't handle her death well. There are no pictures of her, or anything really to prove that she existed. Again, not the she allows it to define her. Her fingers click-clack during the dead of night and she loves it. To have knowledge, is to have the world at your fingertips. It's something she just knows, though she doesn't remember how. Click clack, click clack, she pushes the hair out of her face with a defiant blow to it. She is focused and poised, even here in the safe darkness of her bedroom. Annabeth has no mirrors in her room. "You look too much like your mother" her father would say. And so her own reflection would haunt her like her mother's ghost. She wonders though if she does. She doesn't know what her mother looked like, and as much as she'd like to, how could she? Besides, her father remarried, to an Asian woman named Susan. The opposite of her blonde all American mother. She likes to think he did that on purpose, seeing as no other blonde has ever stepped foot into her mother's domain. Click clack, click clack. The Red Queen's theory is the topic at hand. Which Annabeth finds incredibly interesting. As she writes about the rabbit running for his life, and the fox running for his dinner, she thinks of herself when she was younger, helpless, and torn. She ran. She ran from the sadness, from the reality of who she was coming home to, or rather who she wasn't, she ran for her life from the fox who wished to take her innocence before she was ready to give it away. Annabeth lost her mother when she seven, not that she allows it to define her. Percy, on the other hand, his father chose to leave. His mother, quite possibly the best person he's ever met, didn't deserve that. His mother was kind, smart, funny, and she had a smile that you made you stop what you are doing, and appreciate her. His father didn't deserve her. Not that it really affects his life. Percy's mother has always been there for him. For every dance, for every life lesson, for every turn of the road where his father's advice may have been imperative to his learning experience. But it's not like he'll ever know. Percy looks at himself in the mirror a lot. His sea green eyes and raven locks were far in contrast from his mother's warm brown hair and eyes. And he may not have paid attention in his biology class but he knows enough to know that if he didn't get them from his mother her got them from him. And that's okay, if you enjoy being the living breathing reminder of the one thing that your mother actually hates. She says though that she doesn't. He asked her once when he was young, if it hurt her to have Percy around. She was flabbergasted by the question, and immediately tried to set the record straight. And as much as he wishes that it did, it didn't make him feel better. And so Percy worked extra hard to make his mother proud. His grades were subpar but he tried. He never acted out, or made his mother worry. He respected his curfew, if she asked him to be home by eight for any reason, he was there quarter to. And Percy thinks highly of this. He's well aware that maybe if his father were around he'd be a trouble maker. Because he is always tempted. The allure of drugs and alcohol are ever present. He wants to know what it's like to be walking home at three A.M, drunk past the point of walking straight, after a night under the stars with his friends. But he won't. He spends his Saturday nights with his mother, and her keyboard. He tells her his hopes and dreams for his future and she tells him stories from her past. He wonders, ever so often, if one day his life will be more eventful. If there would ever be a girl who take a place in his heart. Or if he would ever have the love that his mother felt that for his father. He dreams of a blond girl, she's smart and feisty and he loves her even though she isn't real. He knows that his time is yet to come, but he's okay with that. Percy's father walked out on him, but he doesn't allow it to affect his life. And so when it's 1:23 in the morning, and he's stumbling home slightly buzzed, he runs home to his mother. Piper never really knew her mother. Or her father for that matter. She grew up in the limelight. Cameras and flashing lights and body guards and worst of all, nannies. Her mother was, is gorgeous. Her father is a phenomenal actor and well sought after. Her mother and father have been around the world and back. They've seen it all and lived for it all. But not with their little girl. Piper has been left behind and set aside so aside so many times that her mother's brief kiss on her forehead and airy ta-ta doesn't even faze her anymore. She used to cry when her mother said goodbye. She didn't want her mother's rose like smell to ever go away. Her manicured fingers would run through Pipers long hair, and for a few blissful moments she would feel complete. Lately she pretends to be okay. She doesn't know that she is pretending, but the small intake of breaths to reset and start over, and practicing how to laugh and smile say differently. She doesn't know that she's just a little bit broken, because she's always been this way. Piper stands on a cliff. She dares to stand at the very precipice. She looks down at the scene below and how sudden and quickly she could fall. It seems to Piper that the only way she can feel alive is if she's close to dying. The wind whips through her mother's hair and she breathes in through her father's nose, puckering a mixture between both of their lips and she decides. She wants to feel alive. She turns around and spread her arms like a bird. It doesn't take any effort for her to fall. She doesn't regret falling, she feels so alive in those last moments that it makes up for a lifetime before it's over. It's a boy named Jason who finds her. He's got blond super hero hair, and large framed glasses. Jason lives alone he tells her when she wakes, and that's she's safe and she can leave whenever she sees fit. She's groggy and disheveled and good gods she feels as if she's broken every single bone in her body. To be fair, she might have. But her broken bones are nothing compared to spirit she sees in front of her. Jason doesn't talk much for the first few days that she is with him, and neither does she. He mostly just brings her soup, and she doesn't have the heart to tell him how bad it tastes. She doesn't have the heart to tell him anything really, so they mostly communicate with glances, and shrugs, and one word sentences. He sits with her and read a book. He almost never glances up from it. On the fifth day he asks if her if she wants to go back to her family. He tells her that her wounds should be healed enough to go back into the public and get help from an actual doctor. In that moment she doesn't care whether or not she's a bother to him or if he's running low on supplies. For now Piper wants to believe that she died, and this geeky blonde boy and his little cabin is her afterlife. She scowls at him at and turns her head. Jason wishes that he could blame her. He knew why she didn't want to leave. He had seen what the fame could do to a person. His mother fell victim to it, and turned into a druggie for the scene. He was taken away from her too young to know who she was outside the vigourous google searches that he's done. She looks back curiously at him to gage his reaction. He just nods at her and leaves the room. In his bedroom Jason only has a number of books, his small bed and a chester drawer to hold his clothes. He's had too many homes to try and acquire a lot of personal knick-knacks. He finds them time consuming to pack and unpack only to pack again. So his little home is simple. So far the most interesting thing there is Piper, and she hardly ever says anything. He does have one treasured item though; a picture of his mother and his sister cradling him as baby. For the past seventeen years that's all he's had to remind him of his family. Thalia, his sister has been one blank slate to him for all of his life. Every dark haired girl he's ever come across to him strikes an uncanny resemblance. From foster home to foster home or couch to couch, Jason adopts a new persona to fit those around him. He doesn't really know who he is, and that's why he's in this cabin. He figured that maybe solitude would answer all of questions if he gave it time. But he's still as lost as he started. He reads his books, and picks and documents wild flowers. He brews his soups and occasionally goes into town to get a burger when his cravings take over. Other than that he likes his simple life. He has always been skeptical of other people and this way his contact with them is limited. Occasionally a friend will visit. More often than not, it's a buddy from one of his foster homes, Leo. Leo had seen his fair share of the darker side of the world. On the eighth day that Piper is in his home, Leo walks right in, exclaiming that he is home. And then he sees a strange girl in bandages asleep on Jason's couch. A very beautiful girl, but sadly unapproachable-ly so. Leo was never a handsome guy. He was skinny and elfish, and his luck with the ladies was, less than subpar to say the least. He sat in front of the girl, and examined her carefully. There was something oddly familiar about her. "Stop staring at me Jason. It's weird." Leo scratched the back of his head sheepishly and without correcting her left to find who he came for. Leo couldn't live the life that Jason did; here in solitude and quietness. He enjoys the city life and bustling movement of a city that never sleeps. He parties and creates. He likes to think of himself as an alternative artist. Even more so when he's stoned. He believes that the weed- if that's his drug of the day- brings out a certain creativity in him. His hands work themselves when his mind is elevated. He has to create. He doesn't paint though, he builds. Something he took from his mother and father. When he builds, or feels the satisfaction of finishing one of his projects, he feels a tug, a moment of closeness to his parents that he cherishes. So yeah, Leo gets high off of his ass. He parties all night, and has a different scene every night. Change is good, change is a blessing. Change keeps life from catching up with him. Jason was one of