"Black Lion of Middle Earth." Chapter 1 "Your name will be Raion." The day was beautiful in the land of Mirkwood, once called Greenwood due to its magnificent trees that were its pride and joy. Despite the growing darkness that came from Mordor, some of the trees stayed in the light and allowed the sun to lighten up the forest around them. A dark-clad figure walked through the large forest, his horse in toe. Quiet curses could be heard erupting from the mouth of the figure every time a branch hit his face or a vine tramped his movement. " 'This will help you with your medicine knowledge.' He said. 'You need to get out more or else you'll grow vines into the ground.' He said. 'You're the only one who can find those pesky, little mushrooms in that dark forest, Taseko.' He said." The man's voice high-pitched in imitating that of another. "Well, orc crap! Meshiru can do that just as well as I can, Keshin- sensei ." Taseko yelled throwing his hands up, grass-green eyes blazing. He felt something soft nudge him in the shoulder. He looked back and saw his faithful horse, Bruus looking at him as if to say: 'You know, for a ninja and a master of stealth you sure are adamant to let everybody know you're here.' The man glared at the animal. "Shut up before I decide you're too old for further service and eat you for diner." He then took a deep breath and placed a hand over his masked face. God how he hated sneaking around the great Mirkwood forest in search for medical herbs that can only be found in this particular location, while also avoiding the elven guards that were patrolling the roads. He and his fellow clan members were not welcome in king Thranduil's realm, long before the man was born. That fact alone made it impossible for him to travel safely and comfortably, not having the luxury of riding his horse on a traveled forest road. Instead he has to go through bushes and long tree branches that have a terrible habit of scratching every bit of what was left of his uncovered face, with the intention of avoiding the elven king's patrol. Growling at both his current situation and Bruus, Taseko kneeled down in front of a tree and began tracing his hands against the trunk. He was looking for a small fungus that helps cure rheumatism, which is slowly taking over the graceful movement of his clan leader, Keshin. The problem with that task was that the mushrooms he needed were the same color as the tree it was growing on, meaning that if he wanted to find one he'll have to feel all over the tree until he feels something softer under his fingers. It usually took hours to no end before he finally found one in the size, he needed and that irritated the man just as much as his sensei's so called reason to choose him for the task. Apparently he spent too much time meditating in his room and his fellow teammates were worried about him. Taseko snorted and made his way to the next tree. Yeah, right . He thought bitterly. Those ninja-wannabe's simply needed somebody to do the boring task for them, that's all. The second tree he examined had a little bit of the mushroom he needed, but the fungus itself was way too small to qualify for any healing experiments. Which meant he was back at square number one. Or at least he would be if a giant horse didn't appear out of nowhere and threaten to stomp him to death. "Woah! Woah! Easy there big fella." The ninja jumped back a bit when the panicked horse stood up on its hind legs and began wavering his front ones up and down, wanting noting more than to hit the black-clad man in the head with them. "Easy, easy now, big guy." Taseko cooed, his tone comforting and calm. He didn't want to scare the horse beyond what it already was. Not taking his eyes of the frightened animal, he mentioned for his own stallion to back away to a safer distance. "I'm not going to hurt you, I promise." But the large, cream colored horse was beyond listening. As the man's hand came closer to its muzzle to catch the rains, it tugged its head out of reach and stood up again. Heeding whoever that was on its back from the black-clad man. It wasn't going to let the human hurt its rider, no matter what. Taseko was getting irritated by the horse's behavior, but couldn't really blame the stallion for it. After all the years he spent baby-siting Bruus, he learned that horses usually act that way when they're trying to protect their young or something they consider as their little ones. This cream colored, larger-than-most horse was franticly trying to protect whoever that was curled on its back, from the world around it. Even if parts of that world didn't want to hurt his charge, such as Taseko. The man could see that the animal was hurt. Having long, thin scratches decorating its chest and legs that looked to straight and precise to be made by a tree branch. Taseko felt his chest tighten upon that revelation. There was an orc attack in the elven king's realm. And that fool probably didn't even know about it. Without even thinking, the shinobi snatched the rains and pulled the horse's head down his other hand placed between the shocked animal's eyes, rubbing the horse's muzzle and whispering words of comfort. Slowly but surely the animal began to calm down at the sound of the masked man's voice and reassuring touch. Once it relaxed enough to not bottle the moment Taseko released his grip on the restrains, the man slowly made his way to the animal's side petting it comfortingly. "That's right, big fella. Nice and calm." He repeated the words until his glowed hands touched something that wasn't the saddle or the blanket beneath it. It was a leg. A tiny one, that of a young child. Taseko looked up and saw a small figure pressed against the horse's large neck, shaking slightly and quiet sobs escaping its lips. The boy's head was hidden beneath the stallion's great yellow mane, effectively hiding the child's face from view. "And what do we have here?" He spoke quietly, gently. Just like he did with the horse. Reaching out a hand he moved away part of the yellowish mane. The ninja paled at the sight before him. He saw a young boy that was about five-years-old, long blond hair, big blue eyes looking at him with fear and…pointy ears. A part of him was scared by the child's age. Surely he must have come along with his mother or father, right? Taseko thought, looking deeply into the large blue orbs and smiling reassuringly. But there is nobody with him and that means…oh, dear Valar. To witness the death of his parents at such a young age… The shinobi shook his head. What did this poor Little One do, to deserve such a faith? The second part of him was more concerned about the youngling's ears. This boy was an elf or, if he wanted to be posh about it, an elfling. One that had a surprising resemblance to king of the Woodland realm himself, but that might have been due to the fact that they both had blonde hair and blue eyes. Is this how you protect your people, Elven King Thranduil? Taseko though angrily though his face showed no indication that he's angry. Allowing little elflings to watch their parents die, because none of your ever-present patrols were there, when they were needed most? Despite the anger rising in his heart them man continued to smile gently at the young soul before him. "Hello, Little One." He spoke softly, his eyes cringing in a fake smile. "Can you tell me what your name is?" The boy didn't answer, only stared at him with horror-struck eyes. "Y-Your f-face." A small voice squeaked. That's when the man realized the child had probably never seen a mask such as the one he wore, and was probably terrified that the human before him didn't have half of his face. "Oh, this?" He pointed at the black, mask. "It's just a mask, Young One." With one swift movement he junked the material down, revealing the long scar that went from his left eye all the way through his face and chin. "See? Nothing to be afraid of." He smiled. The boy smiled back though it was hesitant and didn't last long. Soon the big blue eyes widened again and began looking around fanatically. "W-Where a-am, I-I? Where is Nana? S-She was r-right b-behind me…where is Nana?" Not receiving any answer from the ninja, they boy continued looking around calling for his 'Nana', before turning to the horse he was riding. "Esthrebien." He sobered pulling on the yellow mane. "We have to go back for her, Esthrebien!" But the cream colored horse didn't respond to the boy's pulls. "She could be hurt by those mean creatures! Turn back, Esthrebien! Turn back!" The child was screaming now, his little heart breaking right in front of Taseko. Soon the elfling stopped crying and simply buried his head into the horse's mane, crying loudly. Not being able to stand and do nothing no longer, the ninja pulled the boy into a tight embrace which the child returned with equal strength. "Shhh…Shhh…Little One. It's alright…Shhh…"Taseko knew he was lieing, but the boy needed reassurance. Even if it was fake. "T-This is all my fault." The boy wept, his voice muffled by the ninja's leather armor. "I-If only I waited… If only I l-listened to Ada…" "No, no, no Little One. Don't think that." The shinobi rubbed circles around the child's back comfortingly, the last thing the child needed was to blame himself for something he didn't do. "Nothing that happened was your fault, Young One." He then gently pulled the child so that he can look him in the eyes but the elfling didn't look back at him, only wiped his glassy, blue eyes with his sleeve. "Never believe anybody who tells you otherwise, do you understand me Little One?" The boy nodded but didn't meet his gaze, probably to ashamed. Taseko's heart melted at the sight of tears falling down the chubby cheeks. No one that young should be carrying the weight of such guilt. Nobody that young should live knowing that their beloved mother died, because of a stupid mistake. Where were you when this little boy needed you, Thranduil? The ninja thought, concentrating all his anger not at the orcs that did the deed, but at the incapable king that had all the power he needed to prevent and yet did nothing . Absolutely nothing . Where were you?! He knew that, even if the infamous elven king was able to hear his angry questions, he wouldn't answer. I have to go check on the battle scene . He thought, hugging the boy. There might be a slight chance that the mother survived . Again he pulled away from the boy and this time he pulled the child's chin up so that he can look into those blue eyes, filled with grief. And even if she didn't…I'll avenge her for you, Little One. I promise you, those filthy creatures won't see the next sunrise. "Listen to me now, Little One." He said, his voice gentle but commanding. "I'm going to back, to see if there's any orcs left. I want you to stay here with Esthrebien and my horse, Bruus." To prove his point, he whistled for his auburn horse to return. "Can you do this for me, Young One?" The child looked up at the man he barely knew and, for a split second, Taseko