Disclaimer: I do not own The Hunger Games or anything recognizable. I am making no money from the writing of this fan fiction. I am 18 years old and now I will never be Reaped. This year's ceremony is over and everyone I feel close to survived. Prim is safe for one more year, as are Rory and Vick and Madge. I survived, too, and now I don't know what to do. When the ceremony ends, I am standing in shock. I think I am still in shock. Despite all my tesserae, I somehow managed to escape the Hunger Games and I will never be eligible again. As Effie Trinket and the Peacekeepers herd the newly selected tributes from the square and people around me turn away towards their families and homes, I notice Prim tugging on my hand. "We made it, Katniss. We can go home now." Her smile is tentative but bright. I know she is relieved despite the guilt and horror we all feel each year knowing that the two chosen will likely be dead in a fortnight. As we start walking towards home, Prim looks at me again and her smile falters. It occurs to me that she is guiding me on the path. My sister has grown so much without my noticing. "Is something wrong, Katniss? You haven't said anything." Only then do I remember my voice. I should be speaking. Lots of things are wrong, but the current circumstances are really no different than any other year after the Reaping ceremony and Prim should not have to worry over my silence. "I'm fine, Prim," I tell her. "I am so glad you are safe." Focusing on Prim's safety for another year finally brings a smile to my face and Prim relaxes. "Mother will be so relieved, Katniss. I am safe again this year and you are safe forever now!" I see the happiness bubble up in her and am overwhelmed with love for my sister. This is my Prim, always accepting and making the most of the joys we have. Prim is skipping ahead, eager to get home and tell mother the news, and I am beginning to feel light with relief myself. It will be good to tell mother. She has been better in the last year, out of bed regularly, running her home apothecary, and working with Prim, but she didn't make it to the square today. The good news should have her out of bed again. I always resented my mother for dropping out when father died and leaving me to care for Prim alone, but I think she is trying now. In any case, for some reason the past hardly seems to matter today. As we head home, I see Gale ahead with his mother, brothers, and sister. Hazelle is holding Posy's hand. Prim is waving to them now and Gale is all smiles. "Meet you in an hour, Katniss!" he calls to me as he returns Prim's wave and follows his family home. I feel strangely wooden once more and Prim has to tug me along again. Everyone I feel close to is fine and I will never be Reaped. When I arrive at our rock, Gale is waiting and jumps up to greet me. "It's over, Catnip. You're free from it now." He sounds so happy. He is beaming at me but I am not sure what my face looks like. He has just confirmed all I could think about since the ceremony ended and I do not know what to say. In fact, I think I might be terrified by the question I read in his eyes when I do not respond. "Aren't you happy?" he finally asks. I imagine I look like my sister's goat as I try to come up with a response. "I'm glad Prim is safe. And your family and Madge. I'm glad you're here." I think I am rambling. Gale looks as confused as I feel but he lets it go and smiles at me anyway. "So guess what I did while I was waiting for you to show up?" That jerks me out of my thoughts. "I was right on time. We agreed on an hour." He is laughing at me now and I am unreasonably upset. "You didn't start without me, did you?" He has never started hunting without me. "Of course not." He turns away from me to go back to his game bag and kneels down to retrieve something. "Come here. I got us something to celebrate the odds being in your favor." He sits down and as I move towards him I see a loaf of bread in his hands. I am curious and when I sit beside him I feel the comfort of familiarity. Sitting on this rock together is normal. I begin to relax for the first time since the Reaping ceremony ended. Gale hands me half the loaf and I notice that it is real baker's bread. The finely-milled kind that few of us can afford except for special occasions. This loaf is studded with nuts. I am shocked at the extravagance and look at him in surprise. His eyes are sparkling and he is watching me closely . I don't understand and the edgy feeling of the past two hours comes back in full force. "Well, don't you have anything to say, Catnip?" he teases. I look at the bread in my lap. "You went to the bakery?" I finally come up with. My response falls flat even to my ears. When I look up he is no longer looking at me and I know he is disappointed. His voice is gruff when he responds. "I did. So go on now, eat up." I think I have missed something important but I do not know what. I pick at the bread, eating the nuts separately, and all I can think about is how much this loaf of bread must have cost him. "How much did you spend on this?" As I say it, it occurs to me that he won't appreciate the question. "It doesn't matter," he replies and the words are stilted. "It is a gift. Just eat it." Gale is upset now, his body gone rigid beside me, but I cannot stop myself from continuing. "But Posy needs new clothes and we haven't bought salt this month yet and -" "Katniss" he snaps, cutting me off. "Today is special. You're safe forever now and I wanted to celebrate. Why can't you accept that?" "Don't shout at me! What about our families? Winter is coming. We can't afford this." I am angry and embarrassed and I don't know how this afternoon has spiraled out of control. Suddenly I feel tears pricking behind my eyes. I abruptly stand up, the traitorous bread falling from my lap. Before I can leave the rock, though, Gale has risen and grabbed my wrist. "Katniss. What is the matter?" I hear the frustration in his voice and can see the concern in his eyes. "Nothing is the matter, Gale. I need to go home." I feel tears on my face and try to pull away but I can't break free of his hand. "You are crying and something has been off since you showed up. Tell me." I tear my arm from his grasp. "I don't know, Gale. Everything feels wrong. I don't know." I feel like a caged animal and there is utter silence in the forest. I realize I was shouting and I cannot stop crying. Gale is looking at me like he has never seen me before but I am too upset to comment. I just want to sit down so I lower myself back down to the rock. I am sobbing with my knees pulled to my chest and then everything I am afraid of comes out in a rush. "I can't protect Prim anymore, Gale. I can't volunteer for her if she gets called." I am crying so hard I can barely speak. "And I need to find something to do. Now that I'm out of school and the Reaping is over I will have to be useful. The Peacekeepers will catch me if I hunt full time and someone notices I don't have an acceptable occupation. But what can I do?" I think this is what being hysterical must feel like and as the words keep coming I am horrified by my weakness. "I'll be expected to marry and have children now and I am terrified. If I marry, my husband might die in the mines and I'll be alone and helpless just like I was when father died. Even if he doesn't, my children will be subject to the Games and there will be nothing I can do about it." I feel dehydrated and completely out of control. I do not remember the last time I cried. "I never thought this far ahead, Gale. Now I've survived and everything seems out of my control. I don't know what to do." And then Gale is sitting beside me, pulling me onto his lap and wrapping his arms around me. This has never happened before and at first I am alarmed but when he tucks my head under his chin it is a relief to hide my face as I try to take control of myself. He is warm and the small circles he is rubbing on my back are soothing. In a few minutes I start to hiccup and my tears begin to dry. I realize I am exhausted. "Hey, Catnip, how are you feeling?" he asks quietly after my hiccuping relents. My mind is reeling. I feel spent and hollow and know that I have never acknowledged anything I just said to anyone, including myself . Yet it is true. I imagine I am in shock but I cannot help feeling ashamed. I am so tired. "Embarrassed," I say into his worn shirt. He laughs and I can feel it vibrating through his chest. "Did I ever tell you how I felt when I realized the Hunger Games couldn't touch me directly anymore?" he asks. "No," I reply. We never talk about feelings. "It was like the Capitol had played a dirty trick, Katniss," he says. "Me with all my tesserae escaping the Hunger Games only to see a probable future of dying young in the mines while making barely enough money to keep my family from starving." For all the time we spend together, Gale has never told me this before. I realize I want to hear every word very badly. "The worst part was that I felt totally powerless," he continues quietly. "I was furious." I remember him being tired, less talkative, even abrupt once he started at the mines but I did not see the latent anger I hear now. I had thought he was glad to be out of the Games and able to work. I wonder what else I have missed the last few years. "You didn't tell me," I say, almost to myself. Gale is my best friend. I should have known without him saying so. He hesitates before responding. "I was ashamed. At least here in the woods with you I wanted to be strong and I didn't feel that way. I didn't want you to think of me differently for being angry and afraid." As he says it, I wonder if he is right and I would have looked at him differently. At just the thought I feel like the worst kind of hypocrite. I do not want to think about this. "You don't seem afraid now," I tell him. "I'm almost always afraid, Catnip," he replies. "But there is only so much I can control." I am startled by the statement and uncurl myself from his lap so I can look at him. "What do you mean?" His shoulders seem to slump at the question and he looks toward the trees.