Hello there beautiful people! This is my first fanfic so I really hope you like it! I'm gonna write this just THIS time I do NOT own anytthing of Twilight besides the plot, some OOCs and my OC. OK? Good Enjoy. Yoshida Hotaru. I finally arrived. Volterra. Gorgeous as I imagined, and it seemed that the city was very popular. Loads of people walked back and forth everywhere. An ancient-like place caught my attention. It was really big and there was a crowd outside the entrance. Next to the door, hiding in the shadow, was a beautiful pale woman in a red dress greeting everyone who walked through the door. Just like Alistair described everything. Her reddish brown hair matched her skin tone and complexion. Mahogany , I heard my mother's voice saying in my head, that's the color of my hair, darling, just like the wood . I made my way through the crowd and before I could enter the place, I stopped myself, just a meter away from the door. I looked inside, thinking. "Dear" I heard her smooth voice with a peculiar accent, and I felt how she placed her hand over my shoulder. I turned my gaze to her pale face and crimson eyes. "Where are your parents?" she asked, hiding not to well her smirk. "I-I'm lost" I lied. I suddenly felt attracted by this woman, like if I was a bee and she was the honey. I felt attracted to the place, to whatever was inside it; I felt the necessity to enter there. "Oh, maybe they are inside" she suggested, pointing with her index the entrance "let's do something" she said a little gleeful, like if she was talking to a toddler "why don't you take the tour to look if they are inside and if they are not there, you can maybe wait inside until they come for you" she smirked, very widely. I gave her a thoughtful look for a moment, and then I turned around to see to the opposite direction of the entrance. I saw the people walking back and forth everywhere. Why this happened to me? I wish I could be human again and not a…monster…a killer…a beast…a vampire. The sunlight touched the tip of my pale nose a few seconds before I covered my face more with the hood. I didn't want that people find out the real me, the monster I was. But I missed the sense of warm and heat hitting in my face in those sunny days. Now, the only thing I feel like heat is the horrible constant burning in my throat. I entered the big place to take the trip that would guide me to them . I followed some tourists, trying to act like I was one of them. HA! Like if I could. I started to perceive the aroma of them, the aroma of their delicious blood. They smelt so good, but I had to resist. Self-control, Raen, you are not a killer , I said to myself. Waiting I saw all the humans that surrounded me. I saw some of them were so excited to be there, others were just taking pictures of everything around them, but a couple attracted my attention from the entire crowd. Two lovers, they looked like my parents, so fell for each other. I got upset for them; they didn't even know where they were: IN HELL. She suddenly smothered him with kisses. I smiled to myself for a moment. They were so fell in love that I felt envy. The trip began and I tried to stay at the bottom of the group, right behind the couple of lovers, getting more and more upset, with the thoughts of my parents filling my mind. I missed them, I missed the so much. If I could cry, I would do it at that moment. I closed my eyes for a moment; the thought of that awful day covered my mind, that day when they died, that day when they were murdered. I opened my eyes, scared. Then I look straight at the couple, and I saw how he took her hand gently but also with soft passion, then she rested her head on his shoulder, making the space between them disappear. The sadness started to fill my entire soulless body. I started to think that I would never fall in love, that I would never get someone that would love me the same way I would love him, that I would always be alone, that I would always be a monster. What a pessimistic, negative girl , I sighed as I mentally yelled to myself. Now I wonder why I didn't tell them to run, to scape, and the only thing now is that I didn't. Finally, we reached the entrance of somewhere – to hell, I would say. Everyone was so excited at the moment. The woman in the red dress opened the great door and ordered everyone to enter, her red eyes lit up and her lips turned into a wicked, mischievous grin. Before she could catch me staring at her, I turned my gaze to see that great room. It was amazingly big and old, with sepia tone walls and pillars. It was very old-fashioned and really gorgeous. At the moment I thought I had traveled through time, I thought that I was in some beautiful ruin. It made you feel like nothing bad was going to happen, it made your worries that something bad would happen disappear, but something really bad was going to happen, and no one could stop that. The sound of the doors closing interrupted behind me my thoughts. It didn't pass half a second when the screams of pain and scare began to fill the entire room. I barely notice when the woman in the red dress passed next to me. Then I noticed three men standing up in front of three fancy chairs, just 2 of them looked young, 19 years old, maybe 20; the blond one looked older, 40 years old maybe. The three men moved to the middle of the room and started to kill. There were like ten or eleven more of them, all with red eyes. Red like the blood that they were sucking. There was no mercy reflected in their faces, just pure ambition and desire. That made me sick. It was just sick. I saw with sadness and compassion a toddler crying for his mom, who was being killed by one of the red-eyed. I searched with my eyes the couple. I wanted to see them one last time. They were hiding in a corner of the great room, holding hands. I ignored every noise, every scream, and every cry, just to hear what he was saying to her. "I love you" he said "and I always will" he gave her a softly kiss on the forehead "Now run to the exit and don't look back. Don't stop for me". More tears rolled down her cheeks "Don't do this to me" she begged. He kissed her on her pink lips "I love you" he repeated. "I love you, too" she whispered, wiping the tears that moistened her cheeks. I stared at him when he began to scream. I knew he was doing that to distract the red-eyed to give her chance to escape. I closed my eyes, I knew what would happen. My dad did the same thing that day just to save us, but it didn't work, they are too fast. A cry of pain broke everything. I knew the scream came from the other side of the room. I knew it was him. At the second, I heard someone gasped and formed a tiny no while panting next to me. I knew it was her. I heard how she tried to open the door, but apparently it was closed. She tried again and again, but it was too late. They were faster. And I heard a gasp again next to me that in a couple of seconds it turned in a painful scream. The blood scent started to reach my spot very fast. It entered through my nostrils. It was so good, so delicious… so tempting. At the moment I got the desire to attack, to kill. I took three steps backwards and laid my back in the door. Stop! I told myself you can't kill, you're not a killer… you have to have self-control… you can control yourself… you can… I didn't move for a moment. I dug my nails to the door – and tried not to break it apart in half – and clenched my teeth hard, only to "control" the horrible desire. I waited motionless to everything to stop. The screams finished two minutes after, and a male voice said "That was refreshing" I started to open my eyes slowly. The traumatic scene was in front of me. All the bled bodies were lying face down on the floor, and fourteen red-eyed were standing between them. One of them was missing… Unconsciously, I saw to my right. There he was, standing a few inches from me. "Someone is here" he said "I can feel… her" his voice full of suspicious. CRAP! I thought, worried. He obviously was talking about me. But why he… they can't see me? I asked to myself. He took a very deep breath, maybe feeling my scent. The tracker! I thought immediately, the one that Alistair told me! His voice snapped me from my thoughts "She's…" in a blink he appeared in front of me "HERE" he grabbed me by my neck; his soft, warm hand against the skin of my neck. In less than a second I was lying back down on the floor in front of the three men of the fancy chairs. "Demetri, she is just a child" the middle one said but not in a worried tone. A smirk curved his lips. The grip of Demetri's hand tightened, like if he wanted to strangle me. Please do it and stop my suffering I wanted to beg him. "A newborn one" the blond one commented, emotionless. Newborn? "Indeed, and with self-control" the third one said, his voice full of curiosity "Interesting" he added. After a moment of " thinking" ,the middle one spoke. "Release her, Demetri" he gestured Demetri to let me go. He did as well, pulling his soft and warm hand off my neck. I stood up fast and turned to face the three red-eyed dudes. "Tell me, dear, who did this to you and with what purposes?" he asked; his voice was monotone. "I-I-I really don't know…" I answered. I tried to remember some details of that day, but at the same time I tried to forget it. Then I made a really weir face when I remembered something "Uhmmm… I think someone called her Maria " I said nervously. "Maria?" the third one repeated. "How long have you been like this, dear?" the middle one asked. "Like… six months" I said. "Who told you about us?" the middle one made a question again. God, is he one of the FBI or what? This was getting odd. What do they want to hear? I thought. "A-Alistair, sir" I said I remembered the night he found me walking alone in a street of England. He looked as old as the middle one and he tried to kill me, but when he found out that I was… how did they called me... oh yes, a newborn, he didn't, sadly. He told me that I had to hunt away from him. I told him I didn't need to hunt. He asked me why and I told him I wanted to die of hunger. He told me that I wouldn't die of that, he told me that I would just get a hideous burning in my throat and an uncontrollably desire of blood. He said to me that