Hello and welcome to The Memento! The idea for this story began bouncing around in my head several years ago when the illustrated edition of the first Harry Potter book came out. I've been working on it slowly ever since, and have finally decided to start posting it. The first few chapters have gone through their final-final round of editing and will be spaced out over the next few weeks to give me time to catch up on writing new material (which is more likely to happen now that I won't be going back and re-editing the first few chapters over and over and over...). This story will diverge from canon to a point. While many of the main events from the books will take place, I'm doing my best to put a unique, plot-relevant, spin on each of them. I know this is a dangerous claim to make when there's well over 700k stories in the fandom on this site alone, but during my years of lurking I've never come across one that alters the events in quite this way. If you've come across a similar story in your own travels I'd very much like to read it, because goodness knows I've seen enough bathroom troll encounters to last me a lifetime. :) Despite being rated M, this story isn't overly dark or violent. There will be instances of abuse, neglect, bullying, and graphic violence, however I've tried to keep them realistic given the situation the characters find themselves in. There will be no gore for the sake of gore, and characters will not be maimed for no better reason than that they needed something to angst over. But that's enough rambling from me, so without further ado... Key: "Speech" "Parseltongue" Thoughts Disclaimer: I don't own Harry Potter. If I did, Voldemort would have won. This story is cross-posted on AO3. ~Chapter One: Harry Hunting~ Peaceful mornings at Number Four Privet Drive were a rare commodity for Harry Potter. At six o'clock sharp his aunt would undo the latch on his cupboard and rap her bony knuckles against the door hard enough to rattle the frame. If he slept through her initial barrage she would shriek at him as well, which was unpleasant on the best of days and often an omen of worse to come. From there he navigated an obstacle course of snide remarks and dodged the occasional rolling pin in a race to prepare enough food to sate his uncle and whale of a cousin. As the clock ticked relentlessly overhead he scrambled eggs, fried bacon, roasted hash browns, and buttered a mountain of toast. At the end of the hour he would set the kitchen table with a feast fit for six, then stand aside and wait. His uncle and cousin would roll down the stairs shortly after and inhale the food he'd spent an hour preparing in less than fifteen minutes. In Harry's opinion his uncle and cousin would do well with a little less bacon and eggs — they were both round as they were tall, with flabby stomachs and rolling double chins — but no one wanted Harry's opinion. No one wanted Harry at all. Harry was sure the Dursleys would give him away to the first person who came knocking — blood relatives or not. Unfortunately for them, scraggly orphans with untameable black hair, bad eyes, and an inexplicable tendency to make lightbulbs explode with his mere presence weren't in high demand. So they were stuck with him, and he with them. The Dursleys made the best of the situation by setting Harry chores that kept him out of the way. Harry made the best of the situation by keeping his head down and mouth shut. He had learned long ago that to do otherwise would only result in punishment. That's why, when his aunt had ushered him outside one bright June morning and pointed vaguely in the direction of the garden shed, he'd set to work without complaint. In the past three hours he'd mown the lawn, swept the walk, and watered his aunt's prized hydrangea. The sun was making its final ascent as he moved to his last task — weeding. He picked his way from the flowerbeds flanking the front door to the garden tucked against the whitewashed fence out back, decimating every unidentified shoot and sprout he could lay his hands on. Currently, Harry was sitting at the edge of the lawn, his hands stained green and a pail full of weeds at his side. He tossed a stubborn dandelion into the pail, then wiped his brow, leaving a streak of dirt running from temple to temple beneath his fringe. His morning had been blissfully incident free thus far. His aunt hadn't yelled at him, the neighbours were keeping their suspicious glares to themselves, and all the plants were alive and exactly the same size they'd been when he was first tossed out the back door. It was the best he could expect while living with his relatives — and that was why he knew it wouldn't last. The hissing swish of the patio door sliding open to release his cousin's gang from afternoon tea and cakes sounded the death knell for his moment of peace. He paused in the act of pulling up another dandelion and peeked over his shoulder. Dudley was the first to waddle out into the stuffy summer air. His fingers were sticky with icing and crumbs cascaded down the jersey stretched taut around his bulging stomach. He popped each pudgy digit into his mouth one by one and licked them clean as he looked around the yard with a bored expression. Dudley didn't like the outdoors — as he often reminded his parents with loud and tear-filled protests. He much preferred to sit inside and blow up aliens on his computer. Harry preferred when Dudley remained inside as well. For as long as he could remember, his cousin had been his constant tormentor, and every hour Dudley spent sitting in front of his desktop was one less spent on his other favourite pastime: Harry Hunting. Harry eased onto the balls of his feet as a trio of human bulldogs shuffled from the house at Dudley's heels. Dennis, Gordon, and Malcolm were all thickset, with dull eyes and heavy jowls better adapted to barking than polite conversation. They'd been Dudley's cronies since second grade, much to Harry's dismay. It was harder to run from a pack, and it hurt more when they caught him. Behind the quartet of heavies was a fifth boy, Piers, who was wiry and quick as a greyhound. He was Dudley's right hand man, and had more brains than the rest put together. It was his job to catch Dudley's targets and hold them until the others caught up. A role he excelled at. Harry hated the lot of them. "Run along and play," Harry's aunt Petunia called through the open kitchen window. "And don't forget to come back for lemonade if you get thirsty." She would offer them lemonade, Harry thought, bitterness lodging in his throat. If he complained of thirst she'd tell him to get a drink from the garden hose. Malcolm nudged Dudley with his elbow and tipped his chin in Harry's direction. The silent question was met with toothy smirks that made Harry's blood run cold. He rounded his shoulders and gave the dandelion another tug. He doubted they'd leave him to his chores. He was a 'safe' target. No one ever reprimanded Dudley and his gang for roughing him up. Harry wasn't their child, after all, and therefore wasn't their problem. As the years went by, the silence became permission — and that permission twisted into encouragement. "Get him!" Dudley bellowed, sounding the hunt. The five boys lunged, Piers in the lead, their arms outstretched and lips pulled back in savage glee. Harry sprang away from the grasping hands, leaving the dandelion clinging to the soil by the tips of its milky white roots. There was a dull thud and the slosh of water behind him as Piers skidded into a decorative birdbath at the edge of the garden. Harry didn't look back as the hunt reoriented itself and raced in pursuit. He sprinted down the walkway beside the house, his callused feet striking a drumroll against the interlocking bricks. Stopping wasn't an option. When his legs screamed in protest he pushed them to go faster, throwing himself around the corner of the house and into the front yard — arms wheeling to shift his momentum. A misstep. His right foot slid off the walkway and his knee twisted inward, then folded. A startled yelp leapt from his throat as he tumbled to the lawn, scraping his knees and elbows. Dudley's gang was close behind him, their heavy footfalls shaking the ground beneath his palms. Or perhaps the shaking was his own as he scrambled onto the balls of his feet and dove headlong into the flowerbed below the sitting room window. His shoulder grazed the stuccoed wall, which tore his already threadbare shirt and rubbed the skin beneath it raw. Harry bit his lips, not making a sound even as a trickle of hot blood ran down his arm. The pain was only a fraction of what he'd feel if caught, and thus easy to ignore. The soil was damp from watering and stank of manure, but he didn't hesitate going to ground behind his aunt's hydrangea. He tucked himself away behind its thick screen of leaves and periwinkle blue blossoms, and hoped it would be enough. The leaves were still rustling when Dudley's gang rounded the corner. Harry watched through the narrow gap beneath the branches as five pairs of trainers fanned out across the front lawn, circling. "Where'd he go?" whined Piers. "We was right behind him!" Dudley was already bent over panting. "Can't. Have. Gotten. Far," he said between puffs. Harry didn't need to see his cousin's eyes to know they were scanning the block with its perfect, identical houses and their perfect, identical lawns. A pair of black trainers advanced towards his hiding place and stopped on the other side of the hydrangea. Harry's breath caught in his throat and he pressed himself deeper into the soil. No, don't look over here, he pleaded silently as a knee the size of a softball sunk into view. Turn around! Go away! In a few seconds the boy would peer beneath the shrub and find him. Harry looked around, frantic for an escape route, but the house and thick foliage hemmed him in. His only option was to back out the way he'd come and hope that Dudley didn't pounce on him before he could extract himself from the garden and run. He scrambled to his hands and knees, doing his best not to disturb the leaves close overhead, and his left hand landed on the sprinkler hose. This brief moment of contact would have been unremarkable if the hose hadn't shifted against his palm. Startled, he snatched his hand away and looked down at the sentient appliance, only to discover that it was something much worse. Coiled next to the wall was a snake. He locked up, unable to tear his eyes away. To Harry, who had always been scrawny for his age, the snake seemed monstrously huge. Its dusty olive body was as thick as his arm, and broken only by a yellow collar around the base of its triangular head. Harry knew it was one thing to get beat up by his cousin, but quite another to be bitten by a snake. What if it was venomous? His breathing grew shallow as his imagination careened out of control. Would uncle Vernon bother taking him to the hospital? Or would he recline in his armchair and watch Harry expire at his feet on the living room floor? As Harry sat petrified, the boy on the other side of the