The Past Doesn't Stay In the Past Ok so there are some things you'll need to know before you read this. I do not own Twilight. I added some of my own characters and I changed some of the existing characters a bit. So here are the new characters: Marcus -alpha - Leo- second Andy- goof ball Connor- the hot head, protective Trey- athletic, fast James- the flirt/ baby Bella POV: I left for college and didn't look back. My heart had been broken for the second time. What hurt the most was that swore he wouldn't hurt me like the one before. Now I have to go home. I miss the pack but I didn't want to see him. I haven't heard a word, not from any of them. They were like my family and they didn't even fight to get me back. I lay in bed staring at the ceiling willing myself to get up and go to my last day of class before break. Everyone on campus was beyond excited for break except me. I would give anything for another week of finals. I thought back to that night when my life changed. *FlashBack* The ache is nearly gone. The ache that has been with me since the Cullen's left. After they left me I broke. I couldn't move, couldn't breathe without aching all over. I didn't know how to move on. I was in a million pieces and Jake put me back together again. We didn't start dating until a couple of months later because I still loved Edward. I still love the family I gained when I met him. Now that Jake and I are together, I still love Edward but not in the way I did before. I loved him because of all he did for me. Saving my life. Making me feel special. However, I also hated him. He left me. He left me alone and hurt. But in a way I owe him. If he hadn't left me I would never have gotten together with Jake. Jake and I are getting ready to go to a camp fire with the pack and some elders at First Beach. "Bells! You ready yet?" Shouted Jake from the bottom of the stairs. "Coming!" I yelled as I pulled on my white converse. I hurried down the stairs, only stumbling once, and whipped past Jake to my truck. "Took ya long enough" huffed Jake as he walked to my truck. The drive was short and quiet. When we got there the fire was lighting the whole beach. Jake sat down on a log and pulled me on to his lap sideways . I kissed him lightly. Embry and Seth we were on either side of us. I was facing Seth. We began having a conversation about how outrageous it was that there is no carrot emoji. Quill, who was on the other side of Seth, joined the conversation and soon we were all talking about it. "I'm going to go get a beer" whispered Jake in my ear. I had moved off his lap a few minutes earlier to get closer to the conversation. "Alright, but don't miss me too much" I said with a wink. "Oh I do my best" laughed Jake. I turned my attention back to the guys. I faintly heard Sam call Jake over to introduce him to someone. I didn't see who it was I was busy listening to Quill "Carrots are one of the biggest vegetables there is how do they not give it the credit it deserves. It is absolutely..." His faded out when he looked up. I followed Quill's gaze as soon I reach the cause to Quill's abrupt stop, I wished I hadn't. Jake, my Jake, was kissing some girl. I knew the moment I saw them that he had imprinted. I was speechless. I rose from my seat. Feeling a hand on my shoulder I turned away from the PDA going on and saw Billy, Jake's father. He had such a sympathetic look on his face. Seeing this I knew I had to get out of here. By this time, Jake and the girl had broken apart and he began to realize just what had happened and he turned to find me moving towards my truck. "Bells" he gasped as he realized what he had just done to me. I kept moving I heard Jake try and follow but when I got I my truck I saw that Seth, Quill, and Billy had stopped him knowing I wanted nothing to do with Jake. Jake was furious with them. I thought he was going to phase, but I didn't wait around long enough to find out. I drove like a bat out of hell. *End of FlashBack* I was brought back to reality by one of my roommates opening my door. "You alright there, El?" Asked Marcus. "Yeah, I just don't want to go home." I confess. "I know, El. But if you don't come home this time your dad is going to have my head on a stick." He says coming over and wrapping an arm around me. "Yeah, probably." I laugh. Marcus gets up from the bed and I move towards my closet. "Get dressed and the guys and I will meet you in the kitchen." Says Marcus as he walks to the door. "So I can make you all breakfast?" I inquire. "Only if you don't want us to starve." Winks Marcus. He leaves the room. Ever since I met him and the guys they have always known what to say to make me feel better. They saved me from myself. I wanted to die. I had gone to the roof of the building one night. Intending to end my life. Instead I found a reason to live. 6 guys. 6 werewolves. Yes, that's right. There is another pack. They haven't left my side since that night almost a year ago. I pull on a green v-neck top, a tan sweater, my favorite pair of leggings, and my tall brown heeled boots. I head towards the kitchen and begin making the boys breakfast. When I finish I place it on the table and then get out of there. These boys eat more then the boys back home. I grab a piece of toast and bid farewell to most of the boys. Andy, the goof ball, is in my class. and had out to my first class of the day. Advanced Chemistry. After handing out the exam, Professor Andrews stand in front of the class, "Alright class. You have 3.5 hours to complete the exam. Go" I immediately begin going from question to question knocking them out. It was rather easy in my opinion, but from the looks on the faces of my fellow student as I turned in my answer sheet after less then 2 hours they didn't agree with me. "You are free to leave, Ms. Swan" says Professor Andrews as I hand him my sheet. I grab my bag and head out the door. Chen. usually goes till 11:30 but since I had finished my test early I didn't know what to do. I usually go straight to lunch with Marcus and the guys but it was only 10am. I decided to head back to our apartment. Leo, Marcus's second in command, was the only one there. The rest of them had class. "Sup Leo?" I say as I put my keys on the table. "Nothing. How'd chemistry go?" "Really well, I was easy." I say throwing my bag on the floor. I sit down next to Leo on the couch and watch TV. About an 1 1/2 later Andy comes in, having just finished his exam. "How'd it go? Bell said it was easy." Says Leo. "Are you kidding me? That was like the hardest thing I have ever done!" Andy freaks out. "Well, Leo I offered to help you study but you said no so..." I say. Andy huffs as he stomps by me. Leaving Leo and I in fits of laughter. After we recovered, Leo turned to me. "Are you sure you don't want one of us to come with you?" "I'm sure,Leo. I need to do this on my own." I sigh. "Okay, but if there is anything you call us. Anything at all." He says. "Of course" "Pinky Promise?" He asks easing his picky so it's right infringement of my face. "Yes," I giggle hooking pinkies," pinky promise." We go back to watching TV until it's time for lunch. We head to the dining hall. Andy joins us. We meet up with the rest of the guys and have random small talk as we ate. When it came time for my next class I said goodbye to the guys and left the hall. I have to admit I should have taken a harder math class, but what's wrong with liking an easy A. This exam went even faster than the last. It was also my last one. I walked slowly back to the apartment out of dread and I enjoyed the warmth of the sun. I didn't want to leave. I love it here. I feel safe and protected here. No one is in the apartment when I get there which makes me feel worse. I begin to pack up the clothes I'll need when I'm home. When I left home, I left almost everything behind. All I wanted was to leave. To get as far away as possible as fast as possible. I got an entirely new wardrobe. I took this as an opportunity to reinvent myself. I wore clothes that show my body off more and honestly started looking like a "basic white girl". I got everything I would need in my suitcase, except the clothes I would wear for the drive tomorrow. As I zipped it shut I heard a few of the guys come in the door. "El? You back yet?" Hollered Marcus. "In here!" I shout back. "All packed?" he asked when he saw my suitcase. "Yup, ready to go" I say back trying to sound perky. "Well since its the last night of all of us together I think we need to have a movie night." Chimes in Trey, the most athletic of the pack. "Call sitting next to Bella" shouts James, the flirt and baby of the pack, as he grabs my arm and pulls me to the couch. Marcus plops down on the other side of me and puts an arm around me. He leans over and whispers in my ear, "I want to talk to you later." "Alright." I say back. "guys don't you think we should wait for the rest of the pack to get home before we start the movie?" "Fine. Let's all sit here in silence until they get here because we are not allowed to have fun without them." Says Trey sarcastically. "Shut up T! They'll be here any minute," Just as I finish speaking the rest of the pack walks through the door, "See." Trey sticks his tongue out at me as he sits down in the chair next to the couch. We wait till the rest of the guys have settled in to start the movie. We watched the 3rd Harry Potter movie. Connor, the hot head, kept going on about the inaccuracies of the werewolves. After a while they guys began falling asleep. Marcus and I were the only ones still awake at the end of the movie. He turned off the movie and lead me to my room. "Is everything ok, M?" I asked slightly worried. "Yeah, everything is fine. I just need to tell you something." He replies quietly. "Ok what is it?" I inquire. "Ok, I wasn't going to say anything, but I can't let you go home without knowing." He pauses a moment, making me more nervous. "I like you. Like really like you, but I don't