Okay, so the first chapter of my first story ever. I tried to take one of the common stories on here and adjust it a bit. If someone else did something like this already, then hooray, great minds think alike. Just so you know, this takes place after BoO. DISCLAIMER: I do not own Percy Jackson or any of the Percy Jackson characters. Chapter 1: The Rude Awakening The end of Percy's life as he knew it began with a boom. The entire camp was woken up by an explosion originating from just outside the barriers being provided by Thalia's tree. Percy was the first one out of his cabin and up the hill. Once he reached the crest of the hill, he examined the battle that laid before him. A large group of monsters was spread at the foot of the hill and fighting them, about halfway up the hill, were the Hunters of Artemis. Their mistress appeared to be absent, so the girls were at a huge disadvantage against their massive enemy. Percy wasted no time in sprinting down the hill to aid the hunters and he soon met with his cousin, Thalia. "Good to see you Kelp-Head!" shouted Thalia over the roar of a hellhound that had just been picked off by one of the hunter's arrows. There was an unusual smile on her face for someone who was in the middle of a battle. "Hey Pinecone Face. What's going on? Why are you guys outside of camp and where is Artemis?" Percy responded. "Artemis is at a meeting on Olympus. As for why we're here… well we didn't actually intend to be here. We were tracking a group of hellhounds and they led us into a trap. Eventually they pushed us back to this position." Thalia explained as she reached for an arrow. Percy was trying to figure out a plan when Annabeth ran down to meet him. It looked like she was struggling to contain her laughter, but Percy brushed it off and quickly informed her of the situation. She nodded and began thinking. "Okay, Percy, I'm going to need a distraction. Can you attack the large group of hellhounds to the left and lead them away from the rest of the monsters? Thalia, when he does that, you and the hunters need to pick them off. After that, most of camp should be here so we can reorganize our forces and push the monsters back." Annabeth commanded after she had analyzed her foes. "Got it. Stay safe Wise Girl." Percy said before kissing Annabeth on the cheek and running off. Percy approached the hellhounds with absolutely no caution and began screaming at the top of his lungs as he lunged at the nearest and sliced its head clean off. The hellhounds responded by pouncing, which Percy rolled under before dashing away from the rest of the monsters. Once he was a reasonable distance away, the hunters began shooting the hellhounds one by one. After about a minute of frantic running, there was only one hellhound left. Just as it was about to catch Percy, a bolt of lightning shot down and turned the monster to dust. Percy turned and saw Jason Grace, along with the rest of the seven (aside from Percy and Annabeth, who was still organizing the hunters). "Nice to see you Grace, but please try to be quicker next time." Percy said sarcastically. "Hey, it takes some time to put a shirt on. You should try it some time." Jason responded, as the others tried to hold in their laughter. Percy was confused until he looked down and realized he was dressed in only his Finding Nemo boxers. "Aw shit! And we're fighting with the hunters! One of them is probably going to 'accidently' shoot me when no one's looking." Percy shouted exasperatedly, "Oh well. Can't do anything about it now. Come on guys. Annabeth's over here with Thalia." The group joined Annabeth and Thalia again behind most of the hunter's forces. They had managed to pick off some monsters, but there was still a formidable group pushing up the hill. "So, what's the plan? Dive in and blast them? Sneak around from behind?" Leo began rapidly listing off suggestions for how they should assault the monsters. Annabeth shut him up with a glare then began giving orders, "First, Hazel, I need you to get Arion. Ride around the enemies and distract them. Try to either pick off any stragglers from the main group or at least corral them back to the others. Percy, Jason, I want you two to create chaos. Hurricanes, lightning, earthquakes, whatever. Just cause panic and show them how powerful we can be. Leo, Piper, I need you two to lead a few campers around and flank the monsters. Leo, you flank them from the right, Piper from the left. I'll lead the main force straight on. Frank, I need you to be ready to evacuate anyone that gets hurt. If you see someone go down, transform into an eagle and carry them to the top of the hill. Thalia, you and the hunters have done enough. Set up a temporary infirmary at the top of the hill and rest for now." Everyone nodded in confirmation and got ready to begin their task. Percy and Jason began creating a huge storm. Rain poured and lightning struck all around the monsters. The winds knocked a few of the smaller ones around. Soon the ground began shaking and the rest of the monsters were thrown off balance. Leo, Piper, and Annabeth took this as their cue and they began their assault. In a matter of minutes, the monster force was decimated. A few tried to escape, but they were shot down by the few hunters who refused to sit around and do nothing. Finally, there was just one dracaenae left. Percy was just about to impale it over the face when Annabeth screamed "Wait! We can interrogate it for information!" Percy nodded and Piper walked forward. "Who sent you?" she asked, with charmspeak laced into her words. The monster hesitated for a moment before relenting and giving up its information. "We do not know. He goes by the name of Tenebris Unum ." "The Dark One," Frank translated. Percy groaned, "Oh my gods that is so cliché! He couldn't have called himself something cool like Crimson Shrapnel or Deceitful Inferno . He might as well just name himself The Evil Villain Guy . "Great… another enemy. Can't we just have a few years of peace?" Annabeth shouted to the sky. The gods who she was yelling at responded with a flash, which resulted in Percy being teleported away from his friends. He found himself in the throne room of Olympus. The imposing figure of twelve gods, that sat over 20 feet tall, stared down at him. Percy stood awkwardly. He looked down in embarrassment at being stared at and realized he was still in only his boxers. This just made him even more embarrassed, as a red hue spread across his cheeks. He didn't know what to say so he just nervously said, "Um… hi guys?" Hermes and Apollo immediately broke into a fit of hysterical laughter. Aphrodite was drooling at the sight of the shirtless Percy and even Artemis couldn't stop the blush that adorned their face from seeing it. Eventually Hestia, who had been sitting quietly at her hearth the entire time, took pity on Percy and flashed a shirt and pants onto him. Percy smiled at her in thanks and turned his attention back to Zeus. Percy bowed and asked "Why did you bring me here, Lord Zeus." "We brought you here to inquire about the battle that took place outside of Camp Half-Blood a few minutes ago. Do you have any information about the threat?" Zeus answered. "Um, we interrogated a dracaenae about who sent it. It said that they don't know his name but he calls himself Tenebris Unum , which I think is a horribly clichéd name." Percy said. "And what about the monsters. What types of monsters did you fight?" Athena questioned. "Well, there were a lot of hellhounds, some dracaenae, a few laestrygonians, and maybe four or five empousai. Altogether, there was maybe 100 monsters. We fought them off with about 30 campers and 15 hunters." "My hunters were there? I left them at camp nearly three miles from Camp Half-Blood," Artemis said, shocked and frightened. "From what I understand, Lady Artemis, they were tracking a small group of hellhounds which led them to a trap. The monsters then pushed them back towards camp." "Rather smart for monsters. This Dark One seems fairly clever. We should take this threat seriously." Athena mused. "You're right. We should brace ourselves for yet another war. We shall inform both camps of the threat. Artemis, I want you and your hunters to go around the country and pick off any groups of monsters. If you find a suspiciously large group, try to save a monster and bring it to Olympus for questioning." Zeus ordered. Zeus then began to think about something. He turned to Artemis again and stated, "Your hunters are an important asset to our goals. We need to ensure they are better protected if a situation like this were to occur again." "What are you insinuating father?" Artemis demanded. Percy sat there with a confused expression as Artemis and Zeus stared at each other for a while. Dozens of emotions were shown on Artemis's face, most of them seemed like a form of anger, before she finally gave a huff and turned away from her father, crossing her arms and pouting. Zeus turned to Percy and gave him a stern look. "Perseus, I need you to aid the hunters in their mission. You will act as a guardian of sorts and will be charged with the duty of protecting the hunters while Artemis is away as well as any time they are in battle. Do you accept?" Percy was completely surprised by this request. "Wait, wait, wait… you want me to travel with the hunters and protect them. With all due respect Lord Zeus, that seems like a terrible idea. One, they hate males and unless my sixth grade science teacher was lying, I am male. Two, the hunters are already incredibly strong. The campers haven't been able to beat them in capture the flag for… well for a long time. Three, I have a girlfriend at camp who I was already forcibly taken away from once. What makes you think I would ever want to accept this mission? Why not choose a girl, like Clarisse or even Reyna?" Zeus did not seem surprised by Percy's outburst. He was a little put off by the rebellious tone Percy gave, but he knew that Percy was a powerful and loyal soldier. He had come to respect him and actually took some pride in the fact that he was his uncle. "Perseus, we need you to protect them for a number of reasons. The first, and foremost, is the fact that you are, as much as I'd hate to say it, the most powerful demigod alive at the current time. Maybe even ever. Second, the hunters and Artemis herself already know of your accomplishments and respect you somewhat. You would do better than any other male and your ability to perform your duty would be unquestionable. As for your girlfriend, you will be able to remain in contact with her and the rest of your friends. You will even visit Camp Half-Blood from time to time. This isn't a permanent job, it is only until we know more about the enemy we are facing or we are safe from any major threat." Percy debated this in his head for a while. He didn't want to leave Annabeth ever, but it seemed like Zeus wasn't going to take no for an answer. "Fine," Percy relented, "I'll