Hello! Wow I was aiming for 10 favorites and have almost doubled that! Massive thank you to everyone who has reviewed, favorited and followed me! "Yes I know you can't keep making up our meetings." I say bluntly down the phone to Dr Aurelius. He continues to lecture me on how I am meant to be ringing him at least twice a week, to check in, if nothing else. "Did you get the parcel I sent you?" He sounds optimistic but I just stare at pile of unopened parcels and letters. The fact is I haven't really moved from the front room. All my meals are cooked for me by Greasy Sae. I haven't even been outside to hunt. I haven't seen Haymitch since I have arrived back in District 12. I could lie, however if he asks about the contents I won't be able to answer. "I may have but I haven't opened it." "Well you should. It's a blank paged book. I thought you could use it as a diary, record each day as it comes." "Why?" There is no emotion in my voice and by this point; I would like the conversation to end. I want to get back to the fire and do nothing else. "You currently have tendencies to zone in and out. Writing will keep you on track and make you pay more attention to your day." I can hear the phone's plastic crunching in my hand. "I hope to hear from you again next week Miss Everdeen" I put the receiver down without saying goodbye. I walk over to the pile of unopened post. I'm sure a few of the letters are wishing me well but I still don't want to face them. A couple of letters are from District 4. One I can tell is my mother's hand writing and the other I don't recognise. I push some of the envelopes around until I find the parcel I'm sure is from Dr Aurelius. I drag myself back to my chair in front of the fire and start to pull at the sides. Buttercup lets out a mew. Seems he cares more about the contents than I. As Dr Aurelius described, it's a plain book with blank paper. Not quite a diary. I guess you would call it a scrap book. I run the pages through my fingers a few times and set it down on the tea table next to me. There is a knock at the door but I don't turn to face who it is. I know it must be Sae. She lets herself and granddaughter in. No one locks the doors around here. If I did, it would mean more effort anyway. "Good morning!" Her little granddaughter cries over to me. I look over and give a nod. Sae starts laying out the table and puts down the squirrel stew. Nothing like you would get in the capitol but it does taste of home. I notice there is no bread with the food like normal and stare at the empty plate. I don't know if my face is showing concern or confusion but Sae answers my expression anyway. "I told him I wasn't going to take your bread anymore and if he wishes to give it to you, he should come over here himself." I look up at her surprised and a little on edge. Peeta's hijacking was known to a select few but I'm sure she is aware. "How is he doing? I have only seen him once since he has got back." I look out the window seeing the pale yellow primrose flowers. "Better, I believe." My stomach tenses a little bit. "Every morning he makes the bread, I collect it for the people around town and myself. Sometimes he puts himself back to bed so I simply leave his food out for him. Other times I can hear him in his room; screaming." No doubt something to do with me. I push my squirrel stew around the bowl. How can she think it's a good idea him coming here? "However this last week he has been up and dressed and making all sorts of breads and pastries." Well that's... promising? I give her a nod and she goes to leave. I can see in her shoulder bag bread being carried. I wonder if that means I'm going to get bread today or nothing for a while. I really don't want him here. I only let Sae in because she brings the food and then she spends a long time coaxing me to eat it. I look down at my bowl and realise I haven't actually touched anything yet. Before I know it, I tuck myself under the table and hold my knees to my chin. There is a knock at the door and I close my eyes. It's not going to be Haymitch after all these months and I'm sure I could smell him from here. As the door opens, the smell of fresh bread wafts in but with the hint of something else. Cheese? "Katniss?" It's still his voice; it's still the boy with the bread. I just have no urge to move from my hiding spot. I can hear him walking towards the kitchen. He's still no quieter on his feet. Maybe I should be happy about that. He can't sneak up on me. "Katniss?" I hold my breath hoping I won't be discovered. I stare as he walks over. He still has a very slight limp. I hear the bread get placed on the plate. He sighs as he walks towards the door. Sigh? Sigh, in relief I'm not there or sigh because he wanted to see me? I can't face it. Not today. I wait until I hear the door firmly shut before I emerge. I look down at the bread. It's still warm as I pick it up and it has cheese on the top. My favourite. I start to question if this means he remembers or if he was just doing cheese bread today. All the other days the bread has been plain. I break myself off a slice, savouring the smell before dipping it in the stew. This is the first time I have felt hungry for a while rather than just eating because I have to. Sae normally comes back later in the day to clear up after me but I feel like I have a new found energy and decide to clear up after myself. I saved a scrap of squirrel for Buttercup and let him eat it out of my hand. We seem to get on better now. Our mutual loss done that I guess. I go upstairs and realised I haven't bathed in a while. I seem to avoid the mirror after everything. My hair still damaged in a few places. I almost have it long enough for a plat now. Without removing any clothing I can see the scars which seem to almost flicker on my neck and hands. I can't help but let out a small laugh. The girl who was on fire, literally. I strip off and skin seems to peel off with it. It makes me feel sick. I still don't have the stomach for this, even when it comes to me. Once in the bath I start to attack my hair. It's clumped in places and feels knotty beyond repair. Half an hour later I seem to have untangled most of it. The water still tingles on my new pink skin. I wash very gently to insure no tears or bleeding but it seems to of healed nice and strong. I get out of the bath and see myself in the mirror. Patch work. I wrap the towel around quickly and go to my room to get some fresh clothes. I sit, and then lay on my bed looking out of the window. Maybe I have overreacted. Peeta must be safe to be around or he wouldn't have been sent home. Tomorrow I tell myself. If he comes over tomorrow I will try and say hi, or at least not hide under the table. I stare out of the window for rest of the day. My thoughts still scattered. I wonder about going out to the woods but dismiss the thought quickly. Jabbajays still haunt me. I also know my thoughts will trail off to Gale. I know he didn't send her there but I do know it was his bomb plan. I know how I sleep. I have no doubt that Peeta sleeps no better. I wonder how he sleeps though. He always thought that all is fair in love and war. He played it at the capitol's level; often stating what they did to Peeta was awful so why should we show restraint. Children though? I try not to think too much about it. The anger swells and makes my attempts at doing anything that day slimmer. Before long the sun sets and the moon gives the only light to my room. I roll over; not bothering to undress and go into what must have been a fitful sleep. When I wake up the blanket is on the floor and sheets have been pulled from under the bed. Not long have I aroused when I hear a knock at the door. I stretch and make my way down stairs. The door is pushed open before I get to it. I stop moving immediately when I see him. He looks older. Bags under his glazed eyes, he clearly isn't sleeping much. I can't help but notice those scars again, where the flames licked the side of his face. He still stands up straight though. Peeta looks as hesitant of me as I am of him. This only makes me more nervous. I notice he is clutching a small basket with bread poking out of it. His knuckles are bruised. "Morning." Its half-hearted but accompanied with a half-smile. "How are you feeling today?" After seeing him I don't know why I asked. Clearly he still isn't right. He shrugs. "Better I guess. I have been keeping busy baking again." He seems to scowl at the bread he is carrying. "Cheese bread is your favourite." Amazing, he is starting to rememb- "Real or not real?" Somewhat. "Real." I say with a small smile on my face. He seems to return this with a much more genuine smile. The basket is quiet big for just a loaf of bread. I wonder if there is more in there than just that. "Have you had breakfast?" He shakes his head. It doesn't look like he has eaten much for a while. "Would you like to join me for some?" I really don't know why I'm asking. The whole conversation seems so... wooden. We walk into the kitchen and he puts the basket down. He pulls out the bread and a jar of something. Jam! "Where did you get that?" It was half used but I haven't seen anything sweet since I can remember. 13 certainly didn't have anything of the sort other than... the wedding. I push away the thought. "Greasy Sae brought it to me the other day. As a treat I guess. She said that they have found a patch of strawberries out in the woods, not too far away and managed to make a few jars of jam" "I know the patch; I used to pick them for the mayor. He had a quiet thing for them. I guess not being picked for a while means there must be a lot." Peeta seems to have frozen and thinking hard on what I last said. "With Gale? You use to pick them with him?" Really? That's what he takes from that. "Sometimes." Somehow, I seem to be getting annoyed quickly with the conversation and my excitement for the jam has gone down. Peeta simply nods, looking like he is still processing it.