PROLOGUE It was a day that would forever go down in history. A time for joy, family and of course celebrating the lives of James and Lily Potter. The parents that had so bravely stood in front of Voldemort to save their son had not died in vain. The baby miraculously survived the powerful wizards attack, deflecting the evil man's own curse back at him and had by extension saved the fate of the entire Wizarding World. The streets were filled with cheers and fireworks danced across the sky well into the late evening. Not even the steady downpour of rain in the black night sky could deter the elation of the Witches and Wizards crowding the streets: each with the name Harry Potter falling from their upturned lips Andromeda Tonks could honestly say that she had never felt so content in her life. The knowledge that her husband and child could now live safe and happy once more amongst the Wizarding society of Britain was an exhilarating feeling. It was, however also for this exact reason that she found herself unable to sleep. Her thoughts were filled with such excitement for the future and what it may bring her small family that she found herself uselessly tossing and turning for the majority of the night. Not even the soft sound of her husband, Teddy's snoring- which usually managed to lull her to sleep-was able to do the trick. Giving up, she quietly exited her bedroom tip toeing across the creaky old floor as carefully as she could so as not to wake up Teddy or the sleeping eight-year-old across the hall and softly padded down the stairs and into the kitchen. She'd only just finished putting the kettle on when there was a frantic rattling on the front door. The knocks echoed eerily throughout the quiet house lingering for a few moments before drifting away into the still air, the silence left behind, stifling. Andromeda hesitated. If the war had taught her one thing, it was that knocks on the door late at night were usually accompanied by dark marks above the house the next morning. If it was a death eater on the other side of that door, then Andromeda knew they were in grave trouble. Letting out a shaky breath she crept silently down the hall until she stood in front of the closed door. She could vaguely make out the figure of a woman through the fogged glass and before she could stop to think about what she was doing, she'd already taken her wand out and was pointing it in front of her before softly but firmly asking "Who's there?" There was an agonizing moment of silence during which Andromeda mentally prepared herself for the fight that was sure to come, when a voice she recognized all too well responded from the other side. "It's me, Narcissa! Andy please open the door before someone catches me out here" came the uncharacteristically frightened voice of her sister from the figure standing behind the glass. Andromeda was torn. As much as she loved her younger sister she knew very well that her husband Lucius Malfoy was involved with the Dark Arts and was a known supporter of Voldemort. If she did let her sister in, she could be inviting a Death Eater into her home. She couldn't do that. Not with her family upstairs finally safe from the horrors of war. "I'm sorry Narcissa but you and I both know I can't do that" She replied grimly turning from the door to walk back to the kitchen where the hot water for her tea was slowly growing cold. "Please! Please, I'm begging you Andromeda open the door. This is a matter of urgency" Narcissa's desperate plea had Andromeda turning back to the door immediately. Narcissa never begged. NEVER . She was a Black now Malfoy and if there was one thing that Blacks and Malfoys absolutely lived by, it was their pride. Begging was simply beneath them. Andromeda herself—though she despised her family and everything they stood for—had never begged for anything her entire life. It was the one personality trait she had actually inherited from her parents. Hearing Narcissa beg so desperately, Andromeda felt compelled into opening the door and after taking a fleeting look around to make sure that Narcissa hadn't been followed Andromeda promptly ushered her sister down the dimly lit hallway and into the living room. It wasn't until she had closed the door and turned to fully look at her sister that she noticed the small dark haired child cradled to Narcissa's chest. Andromeda could only stare at her incapable of hiding the shock and confusion etched across her face. She hadn't seen her younger sister since she'd run away with Teddy and their mother had blasted her face off the family tree. Narcissa had always been the perfect daughter: never a hair out of place and always impeccably dressed. She had been a protégé of sorts and had mastered the pureblood art of deception long before her first year of Hogwarts. Naturally, as every member of the most noble and Ancient house of Black before her she had been placed in Slytherin where ambition and cunning lead the way. Not long after graduating from Hogwarts, she had gone on to marry the very respectable pureblooded Lucius Malfoy and had recently provided the Malfoy line with a male heir, successfully completing her goal of becoming a perfect member of pureblooded society. Now though, Andromeda could hardly believe she was staring at the same person. She had never seen her sister in such an unraveled state. Not even when they were children! Narcissa had always prided herself on maintaining her image but was now standing before her sister in a black over coat the buttons askew as she had missed the first few in her haste leave. Her hair, usually slicked back to perfection, was falling around her shoulders in messy waves haphazardly framing her pale face and drawing attention to the panic-stricken look in her icy gray eyes. Altogether, Andromeda rather thought she resembled a scared animal during hunting season. A look she was sure even her fellow disowned cousin Sirius, could admit was rather unbecoming of a Black. "What in the name of Merlin is going on?" Andromeda questioned loudly completely forgetting, in her befuddled state that her family was asleep upstairs, "And-And who is that!?" she questioned now pointing to the toddler sleeping soundly in Narcissa's arms. "I thought The Daily Prophet said you had a son!" Narcissa was shaking now, unable to keep her growing anxiety at bay any longer. She slowly sank into the soft cushions of the sofa in the living room and began talking in a hushed whisper. "Andy I know you want answers but I really don't have much time. I've left Draco with the house elf for now but I'll need to get back as soon as possible." She paused with a pained look on her face before continuing. "As you know the Dark Lord has fallen. The Ministry of Magic has been restored and the aurors have been rounding up Death Eaters all day, they were just at Malfoy Manner." Narcissa's voice had begun to shake, "Lucius. . .Lucius has been arrested." The statement fell from her lips at such a rapid pace it took Andromeda a few moments for the words to fully sink in. Lucius Malfoy. Lucius Malfoy, her little sister's husband had been arrested. As a Death Eater . Andromeda couldn't breathe. It wasn't that she was stunned, she'd had her suspicions for months now that the man her little sister had become entangled with was fighting for the dark side of the war. Still, having suspicions were one thing. Andromeda could deal with her suspicions but knowing, really knowing that her sister had married someone who literally wished the Order and the life she believed in dead and having suspicions were two very different things. "What-" she wheezed out stopping to take a deep breath when she realized just how small and weak her voice sounded, "What about Bella?" she choked out the question somewhat reluctantly, already knowing the answer before it had left her lips but needing the confirmation none the less. At the mention of their older sister Narcissa's face took on a cold façade before answering sharply, "Both Bellatrix and her husband Rodolphus were seized from their homes right before the aurors came for Lucius" she looked at Andromeda reproachfully before cautiously continuing, "They were arrested for . . . torturing the Longbottom couple with prolonged use of the cruciatus curse . . . apparently they drove them to insanity". Narcissa looked guiltily away from Andromeda instead choosing to look down at the sleeping toddler. Oh sweet Merlin, she thought, suddenly growing nauseous she could feel the acidic burn of bile rising in the back of her throat. Her older sister had been involved in the torture of Alice and Frank Longbottom. Her family were the ones responsible for doing this despicable thing to two very dear friends and irreplaceable Order members. Andromeda had forgiven her family for a lot of things; disowning her and Sirius, burning them off the family tapestry even calling her a blood-traitor and her daughter an abomination –they were after all very small minded and firmly set in their prejudiced beliefs—but this, this was unforgiveable. Unforgiveable . "Is that all, Narcissa?" Andromeda really didn't think she could take much more of this tonight. She wasn't supposed to be this upset. Voldemort was gone, defeated, the bad news was supposed to be over and done with. "Actually" Narcissa began, her features growing pale and anxious once more, "There is one other matter that needs to be resolved. You see as both Bellatrix and Rodolphus have been arrested, and as the ministry has informed me that they won't be coming out of Azkaban—their daughter is in need of a stable home." Narcissa swiftly shifted the sleeping child in her arms, careful not to wake her so Andromeda could see her features clearly. She was small for her age and Andromeda shockingly realized clearly malnourished. She had all the obvious signs of a Black heiress. Sharp cheekbones, silky pale skin and of course a head full of thick, wild, dark curls. Andromeda was positive that if her dark eyelashes were to flutter open she would have eyes a steely gray color, the exact same color that all members of the Black family were famous for. Yes, there was absolutely no denying that this was the child of Bellatrix Lestrange nee Black. Andromeda was entranced. This was her niece, her 3-year-old niece that up until a few minutes ago she didn't even know existed. There was also no denying the fact that Narcissa was subtly asking Andromeda to take the child in and raise her alongside Nymphadora, she just couldn't figure out why. She highly doubted that Bella wanted her daughter to be raised by her blood traitor sister and her mudblood husband. "Narcissa what is this really about? You and I both know that the last thing Bella would want is for her daughter to be raised by filth like me. So why don't we just cut to the chase?" She asked, raising a dark eyebrow as though to further emphasize her point. Andromeda was getting agitated with all the surprises her sister was throwing her way, she'd been under the impression that she wouldn't see her sisters ever again after her mother had so lovingly disowned her and now here she was being asked to take in her insane, estranged, older sisters recently orphaned daughter. It was almost comical really that Bella, the sister who hated Andromeda the most for her decision to elope with a mudblood would end up leaving her daughter no choice but to be raised by the very people Bella despised. Andromeda could almost hear the shrieks of infuriated