Mud stuck like plaster to her feet and the aroma of moss entangled with lavender thrilled her senses whilst the lash of bitterly cold rain stung her skin. It was far too wet and cold for any coherent person or even animal to be outside but Katniss was long past being lucid, in her distracted state this was freedom. After the rebellion there wasn't great need for Katniss to hunt. Enough food was delivered to district twelve that mouths no longer needed to be fed through her hunting and she couldn't fathom killing merely for her own pleasure so she had to find another means for calming herself when the nightmares, or the flashbacks or just the monotony of life became to unendurable. It was an afternoon when she had been out hunting to grace her own table that she came to a realization there was in fact a hobby that could give her the same adrenalin rush, the same feeling of peace that hunting did. She had court a wild turkey and began to saunter home but because of a heavy rain fall the night before Katniss's boots where heavy from a buildup of mud on the souls. She decided to take them off and walk barefoot. The feeling of soft mud between her toes on this particular afternoon was calming and gave Katniss a feeling of at oneness with her surroundings a sentiment that had long been forgotten for Katniss. She hadn't felt this kind of connection to the world around her since before the uprising, maybe even before her first games. She spent most of her time trying to block the world out for all the affliction it coursed her and as a consequence had blocked out its beauty. She felt the trees as she walked and took in the smells of nature an aroma of moss, leaves and dampness. She gave way to her senses and let them envelop her in nature's bliss and before she knew it the turkey strapped to her belt had been put down and she could feel the wind in the wisps of hair that had come undone from her braid and hear the whistles of birds as they egged her on. She was running. Bear foot, out in the forest away from people with the feeling of the earth between her toes and the sounds and smells of nature surrounding her and enveloping her senses. So it ended up being that it didn't matter whether it was 3am or 3pm, if the suns raise stung or rain did the same. Whenever she became overwhelmed with life she would run. And so she ran now, refusing to let her anguish catch her on a particularly dismal and cold day. She didn't want to confront the feelings that would no doubt raise inside of her if she stopped and so she was refusing too. Her lunges ached as did the souls of her feet that had started to blister from the cold but she kept going. Maybe she would die running? Was that possible? To refuse to stop for so long that you die going forward? A minor beam lifted Katniss's lips at the thought that perhaps she could outrun her own thoughts and feelings until she no longer had to feel them anymore. She could feel herself slowing though, as hard as she tried to keep moving at a fast pace, her body wasn't letting her and the slower her body became the further up it her thoughts would rise. She tried to concentrate on the smells and sounds of her surroundings but this was no match for the venom that was rising. She tried concentrating on the pain in her feet from the cold and the stinging of her skin from the rain instead but it was purposeless. Her true thoughts and feelings simply ate away at her planted ones. Katniss's knees buckled as the thoughts finally started to seep into her mind and she fell to ground in a hump, her minds assault effecting her physically. Her left rib hit the sharp of a rock on her way down to the mud but the pain didn't falter her, she was already adrift inside thoughts of fear, abandonment, torture and betrayal. It could have been hours or merely minutes that Katniss laid mentally untethered in the earth meandering inside her subconscious able to feel and smell and touch but unable to comprehend or understand, so when warm fingers embraced her shivering side her reaction was fierce. "Don't touch me!" her voice was threatening as she squatted away a hand incoherent to the nature of its owner. He had no intention of hurting her but she was in too deep to know and simply withered away from him in emotional agony, curling herself into a ball so tightly that she could touch her sides with her fingers after they had wrapped around her legs. Her feet where positioned one in front of the other with her toes squeezed in so tightly it was probably going to cause a spasm in her feet. He sat himself down next to her in the damp mire resting his back against the bark of a tree. Attempting to shake or scream her out of disillusionment was futile, he knew because he had tried it innumerable times before. So he would wait. At least until she stopped screaming before attempting like numerous time before to get her back home where she's safer. He looked up and pondered over the sky, he didn't like the colour it held at present. It had been raining for days and while he didn't think much about colour pallets generally the colour grey did not tickle his fancy. It was a mopey, dreary, dull colour and he had enough mopey, dreary and dullness in his life without the colour of the sky adding to it. With a sigh he crossed his legs at the ankles, pull the flask out of his jacket pocket and pondered over how much he wished Thom hadn't come knocking on his door at 5am and instead saved him the intolerable trip he already had to make at least twice weekly. He was feed up. But unfortunately the good in him he wished he didn't have and the love he couldn't help but feel for the girl overpowered his laziness as well as his want to be warm and comfortable at this ungodly hour, which meant that when the knock came at the door he was ready, dressed and alert and not at all surprised to hear that she could be heard screaming from Thom's little cottage just outside the woods. And so he sat out in the rain, covered in soot, sitting in mud waiting for her to come round enough or pass out so that he could then carry her home, where her screams where slightly more muffled from the public's ears and where she was safer with him closer by. He only sat for around five minutes before the screaming subsided meaning that whatever visions she was having where less intense and quickly after that the shaking of terror in her body eased to shivering, her eyes where no longer squeezed shut and her toes no longer squeezed together. Her eyes opened and stared passed him and into the woods fixed on nothing and he knew she had gone numb. Aware of her surroundings but unable to feel, think, speak or move. He made a sigh of relief both from being glad he didn't have to sit out here for hours like other times and because he no longer had to injure watching her torture. He got up and brushed his soiled hands on his trousers before lifting her slim body with ease. He noticed blood on the left side of her shirt and cursed under his breath. One day this girl was going to end up killing herself out here in the woods and he nor anyone else would be here to stop it from happening. He was going to have to call Dr. Aurelius and see if he could make part of her restrictions to be that she was not allowed out into the forest without supervision. She would hate him for it and it would probably drive her even madder then she already was but a least she would be safer. It was a fare trek back to the victors' village but Katniss weighed less than a child because of her new found compulsion for running and her ill desire to eat, so it wouldn't be a difficult one. It was nearly six thirty by the time he made it back to the victors' village with a shivering Katniss in his arms. He was exhausted, not just from the walk but because this was around the time he either went to bed or otherwise had already passed out. He could see the sun coming up behind the victors' village mansions and decided that his job for the day was done. He needed to dispose of the girl and go and hibernate before the sun could burn though his eye sockets fry his brain. He laid Katniss down on a couch in the living room directly in front of the fire place. He poked at the red ash until there was a flame and threw some extra wood on before turning to walk out the door. "Haymitch you don't have too." She didn't look at him when she talked, her eyes lost in the flames. Her voice was quiet and held a slight bit of resentment towards him. This agitated Haymitch. His whole life since she returned to district twelve was consumed by Katniss. He had a responsibility to safeguard her and that responsibly ran deeper than 'because the government told him so.' It was as if she was his flesh and blood and he cared for her in that way. She thought he trekked through the woods at an unreasonable hour, sat in the rain and then carried her all the way back to the victors' village simply because he was told he had to? Whilst part of the reason may have been because he didn't want the whole district to be woken by her screaming he was still unnerved by the fact that she thought he did it simply as a duty. "You're right sweetheart I don't." he strolled out of the lounge room and towards the door taking a swing from his flask on the way out into the bitterly cold air. He made his way across the victors' village and knocked on the door directly opposite from the one he had just emerged. He knew he could not leave Katniss on the couch in her wet clothes because in her state she would do very little to help herself but he was fed up, tried and it was someone else's turn. Haymitch hadn't even got the chance to knock twice before the door opened and a burnt out Peeta stood on the other side, his eyes shallow and annoyed. "She can look after herself" Peeta's tone was tiresome as if this was a situation he was all too familiar with. "And a dapper good morning to you too." Haymitch's voice was rich with sarcasm and insincerity. "I understand that attractive men such as yourself need to take time to brood but when you're finished I'd appreciate it you could go and bath and dress the kitten so that she doesn't die of phenomena." Haymitch talked in a bored tone of voice ready for retaliation. "She doesn't want me in her presence and frankly I feel the same." Peeta crossed his arms over his chest and looked un begrudging but Haymitch knew that he was weak willed when it came to Katniss and would go to check on her as soon as he left, so with the thought in mind he replied with "whatever you reckon lover boy I'm