Halloooo. A proposal fic. Lots of fluff. Set after everything, but no spoilers. And really it doesn't matter if you read HOO or not. (c)Rick Riordan Enjoy! xxxx Today was the day. Percy had everything planned out. He wanted everything to be perfect. He and Annabeth would spend a day at Coney Island; winning prizes, riding rides, all that jazz. They would be mortals for once. And no dumb god—ahem, no excellent-well-meaning-god— or monster was going to mess it up. Well actually, who was he kidding? Some god or monster always messed it up. But that didn't mean that Percy couldn't try and make it perfect. He took a deep breath as he looked into his mirror. He gooped some hair gel into his hands and spread it through his hair. He pulled his hands back and examined his work. He sighed and stuck his head under the faucet and hit the water. He willed only his hair to get wet, and washed out the gel. He toweled it off and relooked at his reflection, rolling his eyes as he ran a hand through his hair. "Whatever." He mumbled to himself, shaking his hair out. "Annabeth likes it messy anyway." He assured himself. He brushed his teeth quickly and downed some orange juice before running out of his apartment. He opened the door again and grabbed the small velvet box on the coffee table, pocketing it next to his pen. "Don't forget this, moron." Percy chided himself. He checked his watch, if he hurried, he'd be able to pick up some flowers before he picked up his girlfriend. Percy stopped at the flower shop on the corner of his block, before powerwalking to Annabeth's apartment, which was only a few blocks away. When the two finally decided they wanted to move on from Camp Half-Blood, they decided to put off moving in together. It was safer, by any rate; less demigod smell for passing monsters to pick up on. Of course they still spent summers at Camp, being counselors, but being around middle-schoolers and high schoolers all year long when you and your friends were in your twenties, you needed space. As he climbed the stairs to Annabeth's apartment, he periodically checked his pocket for the box. That was the most important part, he couldn't lose it now. His mom and Paul had helped him pick it out, and Piper had helped get Annabeth's ring size. It was simple and elegant, and Percy had been saving up drachmas and cash for the past several months to get it. As he was about to knock, the door opened to reveal a smiling Annabeth. He resisted the urge to kneel right then and there, but it was hard. Man, was it hard. She was seriously so beautiful. All he wanted to do was spend the rest of his short-to-medium lifespan with her. Percy was pulled out of his thoughts when Annabeth spoke. "You look nice, babe." She said with a smile. "Though your collar's messed up." She said, reaching up to adjust it. Percy's ears still got red when she was close to him. He couldn't help it. After she had adjusted his collar, she kissed him quickly. "Happy anniversary." "It was today?" He asked, surprised tone in his voice. Annabeth punched his arm. "Ouch! Okay, sorry." He grinned, pulling out the flowers behind his back and handing them to her. "For you." She took them, but gave him a face. "What?" he asked. "We agreed to not get presents this year." She said pointedly, but smiled. Percy shrugged, sticking his hands in his pockets, his right one gripping the box tightly. "I don't really think flowers qualify as a present. More like a…spontaneous purchase." "Spontaneous purchase, huh?" Annabeth grinned. "Whatever, Seaweed Brain." She said, kissing his cheek. "Thank you." "Of course." He said, flushed with delight. "You ready?" Annabeth nodded, "Yep." She said, setting the flowers inside before looping her arm through his. As they walked down the streets of New York to the subway, Annabeth glanced up and touched the end of his hair, pulling out a piece of dried gel. "Is this gel?" she asked with a laugh. Percy flushed, shrugging. "It might be." He said. "You never wear hair gel, ever," She said. "This is weird Percy." She said, pursing her lips. "You've gelled your hair-or at least tried to-, you have a dress shirt on as opposed to a T-Shirt, and you got me flowers." She said. "What's going on here, Seaweed Brain?" Percy wanted to smack himself. Of course she would figure out something's up. She's Annabeth. He laughed uncomfortably, rubbing the back of his head. "I mean, nothing's up, per say, that is." He stumbled. "I mean, something is up, but I can't tell you just yet. So we should have our monster free date and then I'll show you. Or tell you, or, whatever. It's going to happen eventually." Annabeth sighed, blowing a blonde curl out of her face. "Fine." She said, hitting his arm softly as they boarded the subway. "What made you choose Coney Island, anyway?" she asked. "Well," Percy said as they rumbled along. "I used to go there a lot with my mom when I was a kid, and I've always really enjoyed it." He explained. "So I thought I'd share it with you." Annabeth nodded, "You dweeb." She said, though she smiled and squeezed his hand. "You'd better buy me cotton candy," Percy nodded. "Of course." As she read the advertisements on the subway, Percy sighed in contentment, and leaned down to kiss her beautiful princess curls. She smiled and wrapped and arm around his waist, while he draped an arm over her shoulders, his freehand holding onto a hand loop. His foot tapped along to the beat of the train, as he looked over the passengers. He saw a lot of business people with briefcases, a mom who looked way too stressed out for her own good, a man with bright orange pants, and a man who was trying-and failing-to discreetly pick his nose. What he also saw, was a pair of glaring green eyes and bared teeth. Percy felt like it was staring into his soul, practically. "Uh…babe." He said softly. "Yes?" Annabeth asked. "I think there's a Gorgon on this train." He replied. "That'd better be a joke." She muttered, glancing up at him. "Well, it's staring at me." He said, nodding his head. "So." "Well," Annabeth said, getting out her sword. "I see." "So…plan?" Percy asked, pulling out his pen, but not before making sure the velvet box was still in his pockets. It was. "Well I would assume, don't attack until it attacks us." She said thoughtfully. As if on cue, the Gorgon pushed its way through the crowded subway, eyes intent and on them. "Hey," Percy called. "If you could not, that would be super cool." The Gorgon did not care for manners, and it stalked its way up to the demigods, before roaring and then pouncing. "Now." Percy said. Then he and Annabeth each dove to the side. Annabeth tucked and dived behind the Gorgon, and as Percy stabbed it in the head, Annabeth stabbed it in the back. It let out a shriek before bursting into dust. The other passengers on the train chattered excitedly to one another. Percy heard someone mention something about panhandlers, and how asking kids for money was immoral, or something. "Quick and efficient." Annabeth said, straightening up, collapsing her sword into mist form and dusted herself off. "I have to say Seaweed Brain, we've gotten pretty good at this." "At not dying?" Percy asked with a wide smile. "Yeah, I like to think I'm pretty good at that." Annabeth laughed and punched his arm. "C'mon," she said. "This is our stop." Percy was true to his word, and as soon as they got there, he bought Annabeth some cotton candy. She smiled and popped some in her mouth before offering some to Percy, who nodded and took a piece. Even though it was summer, because Luna Park was on the coast, it sent a cool breeze over the park, making the heat bearable. The park was crowded, even for a week day. Children were screaming and crying and laughing. Percy noticed a child who was having a meltdown was being carted away by his mother. The two rode most of the rides, played most of the games (most of which Annabeth demolished Percy at), and were chowing down on some hotdogs. "Ferris Wheel?" Annabeth suggested as she finished off her meal. "It's the only one we haven't been on yet." Percy nodded, squinting up at the Ferris Wheel. "Yeah, sure." He nodded, as they got in line. "Why not? Then we can head to Camp." Annabeth frowned. "Why do you want to go to Camp? It's our day off." She said pointedly. "Well yeah," Percy conceded. "But you know that thing I was going to tell you earlier? It's has to be at Camp." He explained as they were gated into their cart on the Ferris Wheel. "It has to be at Camp?" She repeated. "Yes. Chiron has it." Percy nodded. She playfully slapped his face and kissed him quickly. "Chiron has something you need to tell me?" Percy winced. "You're a bad liar. But alright, fine." She said. The ride groaned into motion, and before they knew it, they were at the top, staring out over Coney Island. Annabeth sighed contently and leaned on Percy's shoulder, to which he wrapped his arm around her shoulders, and with the other hand made sure the box was still there. "I love you," She said with a smile. "I love you too." Percy replied immediately, kissing the top of her head. He sighed in happiness and looked out at the pier, content to watch all the people go about their day. He glanced down at saw a maintenance man climbing up the sides of the ride. Except this maintenance man had blood red eyes, and was coming straight for them, staring down into Percy's soul as it climbed. He cursed. He knew it was too good to be true. "Heads up." He said quickly. Annabeth glanced down and nodded in understanding and ducked underneath his arm and took out her drakon bone sword, while Percy uncapped Riptide, being very careful to not let his girlfriend see the box. "You know sometimes," Annabeth said as she and Percy stood together, weapons ready. "I really wish we could have one real date in peace." Percy barked in laughter. "Same here, Wise Girl." He said. "We just smell too dang good." "DEMIGODS." The maintenance man shrieked, shedding his disguise, which read Earl on its jumpsuit. Underneath its mortal skin, Earl was white as ghost, eyes red as blood. "Haven't seen an emposai in a while." Annabeth muttered. "Well it's about to be a party." Percy said. "Look." Annabeth looked to where he pointed, and saw another emposai climbing up the other side. The two demigods stood back to back, weapons ready and waiting. "They must've been following us all day. Waiting for when we couldn't move." "And who says we can't move?" Annabeth said, and started rocking from side to side, which in turn, rocked the cart from side to side. "Annabeth!" Percy yelped in alarm, widening his stance in order to keep standing. " Why? " "More arch, Seaweed Brain." She replied, swinging her sword down and swiping at the emposai on her side. It hissed and dodged, hanging off by one arm, before regaining its hold and continuing climbing. "Can you just leave us alone?" Percy asked down to his emposai, slicing at it as it got closer. "At least until we get on the ground? Maybe?" "You will die, demigod." Earl screeched, teeth bared. "Comforting." Percy said dryly, kicking it as it tried to climb into their cart. His kick thrusted Earl backwards, but not before it grabbed