Nid Hawdd Fy Nala (I am hard to be caught) The clouds are hanging low over Black Mountain. A cool wet mist begins to blanket the land with a thousand droplets, which hang momentarily from the rough grass before plunging down into the bog beneath. The touch of the mist is gentle, but many a wandering stranger has been carefully enfolded in its embrace, only to be cast as mercilessly as the droplets over the precipice into the dark lake below. Almost all from the village of Blaensawdde are reluctant to venture here and the windswept slopes and murky water is not all they are in fear of. For in the depths of Llyn y Fan Fach is Annwn, the realm of the faeries. No one living has seen them, but their haunting songs can be heard echoing across the valley when the sky is clear and the moon is full. Yet, despite the warnings of the villagers, there is one who is not afraid. The villagers call him Peeta, the boy with the kind heart and he alone allows his father's cattle to graze wherever they wish. The grass on the side of the lake is always the sweetest and every day he patiently follows their every tread. His pale bare feet test the harsh ground for the safest path. His bright blue eyes keenly search the clouds that rest on the mountain peak for the first sign of the hailstorms that frequently threaten to terrify his charges and send them scattering away from his tender care. Only when no hint of danger is in sight and the cattle are happily chewing on the lushest blades does he stop to admire the beauty of his surroundings. Sometimes he even stares right into the blackness of the mere and tries to remember the night time stories his father would tell him of the faery folk. His quiet voice was nearly always overpowered by the howl of the cruel north wind. A cold warning sent from the faeries themselves, for their history will always belong only to them. On this day he has more to daydream about than how many shades of green are cast upon the mountainside by the shadows of passing clouds or how he longs to find out if the sunrise looks just as radiant from the valley beyond his own. He is squatting by the side of the water, his fair hair falling over his eyes as he stirs with a stick to break up the clarity of his own reflection. He wants to deny that his shoulders have grown strong and his legs are sturdy from years of clambering over the rocks and jumping the many streams that feed the lake. He knows he is handsome and that tradition dictates it is time he takes a wife from amongst the rosy cheeked village girls that giggle and whisper each time that he passes. They are not what he wants. He does not know what he wants, but his dreams are haunted by the beautiful voice of a girl lamenting the love she watches yet does not have. Every time he starts to become certain the song is about him, the dream melts away and the silence of his reality reminds him it is fruitless to search for someone that only exists in his mind. That is why on this day he allows himself to be distracted just long enough for the cattle to have wandered further than they have ever ventured before. That is why he doesn't notice the mist creeping up on him until he must throw his brychan over his head to keep the chill from penetrating his bones. He sighs and whistles softly to his cattle, although he soon accepts he has no choice other than to follow them out into the call of the unknown. The wall of swirling moisture is smothering and he tries to hurry ahead so that the beasts may be protected from the perils along the way. It is very wild here and the thistles cut at his feet and the nettles sting at the skin of his ankles. He is just about to despair that the cattle must surely be lost, when he hears the voice of she who belongs only in his dreams calling from the direction of the water. "Dewch in ol i mi! Dewch in ol! Come back to me! Come back!" As if summoned by the haunting words, the mist retreats silently from whence it came. At first it seems to Peeta that nothing more is left behind, but a clear spring morning in which to peacefully wend his way back to his father's farmhouse. However, when he looks out across the lake he realises that he is mistaken and the surface of the water is covered with a myriad of ever increasing ripples. A dread so great spreads through him until he sees what must be the source of his rescue from the elements. For there, perched on a jagged rock far out in the water is the most beautiful girl he has ever seen. She appears too tiny to be human and she is clothed in the most delicate of dresses, the colour of which imitates the reflected green in the blue of the lake. A wreath of flowers with white petals trails across her petite frame. Her skin is the colour of rich golden honey and her eyes the shade of the granite that can be found on the Peak of Black Mountain. However it is her hair which he cannot tear his eyes away from. The thickest of black tresses bound up in a plait so long that the tip floats out into the water beyond. Slowly she shakes it all loose and begins to comb out the tangles whilst using the unusually clear water as a mirror below. Her expression is so sad and it hurts his heart to see anyone look so mournful, let alone on one who should be so dazzling. Tentatively he steps forward and holds out the only thing he has to offer. That is his last scrap of crusted barley bread, lovingly baked by his father to feed his only surviving son and the hungry mouths of the children in Blaensawdde. He is gladdened when she stands up in the water and his heart heals when he sees the smile of acceptance that starts to adorn her face. But the never ending ripples start to surge around her and the smile turns bitter. "Cras dy fara. Nid Hawdd fy nala! Hard baked is thy bread, I am hard to be caught!" With that, she turns and dives into the water and is lost from his sight. Dark clouds return to mar the perfect skies and a storm threatens to spook the herd and further invade the surface of the water with cold dancing raindrops. Peeta must hurry the cattle back to the warmth of their stalls, but he knows that he will never forget the elusive faery girl whom he is certain has ripped out his heart and carried it with her far down into the depths of Annwn. Worse still, he is sure that no mortal can ever make him feel this way and he promises to himself that as long as he lives, he will never love another. That night Peeta confides the whole story to his trusted father by the light of the crackling fire. The aging farmer is troubled to see his precious son so restless. Peeta is the youngest baby son he managed to miraculously save from under the murderous blade of a vengeful English knight; the same sword that also viciously took away the life of his mother and older brothers. He does not deserve to be troubled by suffering and pain. He encourages Peeta to remember the hope that his survival has always instilled amongst everyone in the village and to believe that he will see his faery maiden again. His words seem to reassure his son and he finally agrees to try and settle down to sleep. If Peeta could only know the true feelings of his new love, he would be overjoyed. Since his appearance on the slopes of Black Mountain, Katniss has been secretly fascinated by the generous human boy who seems so different from what she has been told about his fellows. She is touched by the way he wanders without disdain into the wild lands that other men seem to think are only good enough for her people. As he grows older, stronger and more handsome so her curiosity grows and every night she makes herself invisible and follows him back to his home to watch him sleep. The time has come when she begins to think that maybe one day she could grow to love him. These feelings are all very well, but Katniss knows they are constricted by the history of a terrible curse. The faery elders had long watched the way that the footprints of mankind had become more numerous across the wilderness. They saw how many faeries were tempted away from their kingdom by the love of some lowly villager and they feared that their power would become diminished. Therefore they decreed no faery could ever join hands with a mortal again. They cast a spell that made the villagers quake with fright at the sight of the faeries unique beauty. Their plot was successful for a while, until a bold and pure hearted young girl from Blaensawdde discovered the healing powers of the herbs and water flowers that still flourished by the banks of Llyn y Fan Fach. She was very fair and much beloved by all the people. One day, as she leaned into the water she was startled by appearance of a face gazing back at her that was not her own. However, she was not long afraid and when the faery prince swam to bring her bouquets of beautiful floating white flowers and began to serenade her with the love songs of Annwn; she reached into the depths and pulled him out onto the treacherous rocks above. They never let go of each other's hands until they found refuge in the abandoned farmhouse some miles away at Esgair Llaethdy. They saw nobody and felt forgotten by the world. They were contented with only each other and in time they were blessed with the birth of two beautiful daughters; Katniss after the white flowers in Llyn y Fan Fach and Primrose from the pretty hedgerows at Esgair Llaethdy. In fact they were so happy that they became careless and the faery prince longed to swim in the waters of the great lake just one last time. Now there was none so scornful, so envious and so violently opposed to the world of the humans than the king of the faeries himself. He was not of a noble nature and tormented all who dared to get in his way. When he saw how the faery prince was daring to flaunt his disobedience in front of the whole kingdom, the powerful monarch flew into a rage and sent a terrible snowstorm to chase his son up onto the mountainside. His body was buried so deep in the snowdrift that no amount of magic could save him. The poor village girl went mad with fear at the fate of her beloved and she attempted to flee, leaving her daughters by stranded by themselves in the water. The faery king cast a spell which made her mute and her mysterious reappearance into Blaensawdde, followed by her lonely death did more for the faeries cause than any other punishment might have achieved. Finally, the faery king's wrath was over and he took pity on the weeping beauties left behind in the mere. Vines came upon them and bound every limb, dragging them down, deep into the darkest part of the lake where they were deemed lost to the faery