Sometimes I think that I am stupid to believe that I don't need anyone in this world. But that is the way that I am. "Headstrong, tough talking, and hard hitting Leah." My mother used to tell me that I wasn't a girl. To this day she still jokes that she doesn't have a daughter. Instead she says that she has two sons, because no daughter behaves like I do. I don't wear dresses or skirts. And I play and fight just as hard as all the tough guys here on the Rez. But being tough doesn't mean that I am stone. My dad was the only one that still called me "his girl". But he always treated me like a son. He taught me how to fish, hunt, fight, and talk tough. He taught me so much that I don't know if I'll remember it all now that he is gone. I think about these things as I watch people come inside of my family's small home. My baby brother Seth, my mom, and I are all standing near a small table. Mom set up the table up with all of the best pictures we have of Dad. And people come to look at the photos and they say things like, "I'm sorry for your loss". They also give Mom plates of food wrapped in foil. I think that people think that giving us food will help ease our pain. But it won't. "Leah," My mother hisses in my ear after another person has just left us with plates of food. "Take these down to the freezer in the basement. I know that there isn't anymore room in the fridge," She whispers and shoves the plates into my hands. There are about six or seven of them. "If we get anymore our home'll look like a soup kitchen," I mumble. My mother glares at me, but my little brother, Seth, laughs for the first time today. I feel good for being the one to make him laugh, because he hasn't smiled once since Dad died. I know that it is okay to be sad, but for some reason I keep feeling like Dad would want his memorial to go a little differently than all of this food giving and whispering in our cramped house. He would want everyone out fishing instead of sitting around moping. But I won't tell Mom that. I've been biting my tongue all day. This gathering of people in our home is part of her way of remembering Dad. I leave my brother and mother to take the plates of food down to the freezer. And I stare straight ahead as I go. I know everyone is watching me. But I ignore them. I don't need their pity. However, there are those that don't take the social cues and just feel the need to try to reach out. This comes in the form two of my father's very good friends, Billy Black and Charlie Swan. As I am walking through the living room, Billy Black sees me coming and maneuvers his wheel chair so that there is no way that I can go past him without speaking. Charlie Swan is standing behind him along with Billy's gawky teenage son, Jacob. And in between Jacob and Charlie is this really pale white chick with long brown hair. She is holding onto Charlie's arm tightly. I don't really know who she is, but I put two and two together to make sense that she is the famed Bella Swan...Charlie's long lost daughter that everyone was raving about ever since she decided to live with her father again. For a long time all I heard out of the Black's mouths was about Charlie's amazing daughter, Bella. I can see that she isn't what I expected. She looks like Charlie with the brown hair and all, but I thought she'd resemble Brittany Spears since she came from a sunny place like Phoenix. This girl looks like she's never seen the sun and has lived in Forks, Washington all her life. That's how pale she is. I know that Billy is going to force me to make conversation. So, I stop in the middle of the living room instead of walking around him and his posse. "Hello, Leah," He says to me. I don't force a smile or even try to fake pleasantries. "Hi, Billy," Is all that I say. Charlie, Jacob, and Billy aren't phased by my tone of voice. They are either used to me or have heard about how I can be from my father. Who, unlike Bella Swan's dad, didn't pretend that I was some majestic angel. "How are you holding up?" Billy asks. I shrug my shoulders while still trying to keep hold of the plates in my hands. "I'm fine," I say in a tight tone. Billy nods his head and gives me this small smile. It makes me sick. Because I know that he doesn't expect me to throw my arms around him and sob about how I miss my dad. He knows that isn't me. Charlie, who has always been gruff, awkward, and reserved for as long as I can remember just nods his head at me. "I'm sorry about your loss, Leah. Your father was-" He says but he doesn't finish because his voice cracks. He clears his throat and stares at the ground. He's trying not to cry. But I know what he means. "Yeah, I'm sorry about your dad, Leah," Jacob pipes up. I just look at him. I don't really like the kid personally. I used to beat him up all the time when we were younger. But for some reason I think that he is genuine about his statement. Because I realize that Jacob somewhat knows what it is like to not have one of his parents. The next person, naturally as these things go, to offer their sympathy is Charlie's daughter Bella. She looks down in embarrassment. Like her father, social cues and awkwardness seem to make up her personality. Finally, after a minute too late than normal, her brown eyes meet mine and she says, "I'm sorry about your Dad,". I roll my eyes in my head because she's said the exact same thing that everyone else says. But then she adds, "I didn't know him, but he was Char- Dad's best friend. And I know that he must have been a really great guy if he could put up with the Chief ". For some reason, Bella's comment gets Jacob, Billy, and Charlie to laugh. I watch as she looks up at her father, who smiles at her with a sad smile and puts his arm around her. This image of father and daughter makes me want to scream. "Yeah, he was," I reply shortly, "Thanks for your sympathies," I pray that this is enough to excuse myself from the conversation, but Billy speaks up. "You taking all of that down to the freezer?" He asks me and nods toward the plates I am holding in my hands. "Yeah," I say. "Why don't you get Bella to help you with some of that?" He suggests. Immediately I am about to say, "No". But before I can, Jacob snorts. "And what? Have Bella drop it all on the floor?" Jacob asks incredulously. I look at Bella and see her cheeks are flushed pink. "I can help her," She says and before I can stop her she's let go of her father's arm and is wobbling towards me. The black dress that she is wearing looks very expensive, but also very constricting to her body. The heels that she has on are not helping her move either. It takes her at least five long seconds just to take two steps forward. And the whole time, Charlie has his arms out like his daughter is a one year old that's just learning to take her first steps. Meanwhile, Jacob is laughing under his breath as all of us watch Bella struggle to walk. She reaches my side finally. And she looks so determined to help me that I don't know what to do other than to hand her some of plates of food reluctantly. Soon we are walking with me leading the way by a few steps. I don't really wait for Bella to keep up with me. I walk into the small hallway that leads away from the living room and I go past my bedroom door as well as Seth's. Finally, I reach the door to the basement. I put my plates down to open the door. And by the time that I am finished, Bella Swan has finally caught up with me in her expensive dress and heels. She looks like she is out of breath and like she might fall over at any time. But I don't give her another glance as I pick my plates, switch on the light, and tentatively walk down the steps. "Watch your step," I call out gruffly without looking behind me. I realize that I don't hear the sound of a second pair of feet following. So I look over my shoulder. I can see her still standing at the the top of the steps. She's holding her plates awkwardly and staring at me with a embarrassed look on her face. "Are you coming?" I ask, but the way that I say it makes it sound like a command instead. "I think Jacob was right," The Bella girl says. "What?" I ask. "Jacob is right. I don't know if I'll be much help to you," The Bella girl says with her cheeks turning red, "These steps are kind of steep. I might trip and drop all of the plates...especially in these shoes". I let out a deep, aggravated sigh and roll my eyes. I can't believe this girl is acting like such a...a...girl. "I'm sorry," I hear Bella say, "My friend Alice loaned me this outfit. I don't really know how to walk in these shoes...and I can't really move in this dress,". I look up at her again with a annoyed expression on my face. But something in the back of my head is telling me to give this girl a break. She genuinely wanted to help me carry these plates down to the freezer. But the annoyed part of me wants to berate her for even offering to help. I knew I could have done this by myself. But why? Why am I so willing to push people away when all they want to do is help? People like my mom, Billy, and Charlie. All they are trying to do is help me get over my dad dying by offering their help and support. But I keep pushing them away, because I am tough. I don't need anyone else. I sigh and walk back up the steps so that I am near Bella. "Here, I'll take the rest," I tell her, "Thanks for carrying them this far". I force myself to mutter the last part. I have to make her feel good about something. She blushes once again and gives over her plates to place on top of the ones already in my hands. I make my way back down the steps. Soon, I am at the bottom of the basement. I walk over to the freezer and place the plates down on the floor so I can open it. As I do, I see the frozen fish from my dad's last fishing trip. I force myself to put the plates on top of Dad's last big catch. And once I close the freezer, I can't help but look around the basement. Dad's fishing gear is there like always. "I can't believe you're gone," I whisper. And for a moment I do believe that he's standing right there and can hear me. And that's when I start to cry. "Leah?" I hear someone call from