Dandelion My eyes find a meaningless single point on the ceiling; the white, flat, large piece of concrete in parallel to my body, and I start watching this same spot for a long time without almost even blinking. There's nothing interesting or relevant to observe, but still I can't divert my eyes from this single point. I am lying down on the kitchen floor, hearing the crackling fire of the hearth by my left. The dark furry rug which I took so slovenly for mattress it's not even familiar with the house itself. I've no idea how I could possibly have acquired it, although I do smell the scent of a certain baker in the case. I'm awake since dawn. I haven't passed out or anything of the kind so it's hard for me to explain why I remember so little of this morning. I woke up. Came downstairs lazily tripping over my own feet, probably trying to reach the living room, and somehow I ended up falling before the fireplace. But I don't remember very well and I don't even know why I don't remember. Truth is that I am not completely healed. Of course I am not . I think, before shaking my head against the rug. And I wouldn't expect me to be for at least a couple of years. Both psychologically and physically. As far as I am concerned, it's winter already. I don't look outside but by the abnormal clarity invading the place, I know the daylight is reflecting the bright, almost dazzling, colour of the wide, thick blankets of snow right onto the walls and floor of the kitchen. I think I have closed the curtains last night before I headed to bed but I am guessing Peeta pulled them open by the morning. Speaking of him... I can't stop thinking about him. He's the one who's preoccupying my mind the most. He has changed so much. Sometimes I can't seem to recognize him. His face is not the same, his eyes are not the same, his touch is not the same. There are very little familiar things now. Not even the way he addresses to me is familiar. Everything has changed. We have changed. Johanna Mason was right. The Hunger Games has changed us. And I'm afraid this is irreversible. Peeta's transition from the warm, sweet boy with the bread to the serious but still tender man wasn't easy or even subtle. I have watched it through the years we've been together here in 12, since the end of the rebellion. I can see the heaviness of what he'd been through still burdening his handsome face. Indeed, it has been fading as time goes by but slowly... His shiny blue eyes are now deeply lost, even though I still can clearly notice the sweetness and care within it. When he smiles... Everything becomes brighter, just as before. But now I am not given the pleasure of seeing his smile too often like I used to. His grins have become more precious than ever; heart-warming, gentle, but rare. It's not the same. Nothing is the same anymore. I stop thinking about it because I can no longer handle the guilty crushing my guts. The guilt and the yearning. I'm longing old Peeta like a child longs for its protective blanket in a cold winter day. They took his light from him and I wasn't able to bring it back or simply avoid it of being stolen. I should have been the one tortured and hijacked. Peeta didn't deserve this, even less the horrible memories and scars he carries with him since then. Snow knew the immensity of the damaged he caused him. And consequently how deeply it would affect me. Because I can't handle the fact he literally destroyed all the love Peeta had for me. It's almost unbearable. I can feel my cheeks, eyes and nose burning hot, stinging; my waterlines aching from the upcoming tears that I strongly fought back to not let them roll over my face, nailing to the point of pain the furry rug, twisting my lips and gritting my teeth. Normally I wouldn't have to make so much effort to hold back my weeping but I was unprepared. And to be fair... It's quite apparent my uneasiness when the subject is Peeta Mellark. When I hear the front door opening and then being closed again with a quiet, calm slam, I haven't even moved from my initial position. The invisible point on the ceiling hasn't become interesting out of nothing but I still have my eyes locked on it. A delightful smell of fresh bread invades my nostrils and although my stomach has shown interest on the matter, I don't feel like moving. By my peripheral vision I catch a glimpse of the male figure entering the kitchen, probably searching for me, with a relatively big white package on his hands. Peeta stands still at the portal. I feel he's looking at me, perhaps waiting for me to return the glance but I don't. He stays there for a while and then calmly gives a few steps towards the table, depositing his package on top of it, locked eyes on me. He approaches a few more steps, struggling a little to sit down thanks to the artificial leg and then lies next to me, same position, spotting at the blank point on the ceiling as if following my sight; then I feel again his deep blue eyes burning my skin with its invisible sweet touch as he slowly slips his hand to touch mine, holding it firmly. — Enjoying the new rug, I suppose? — He jokes, making my insides turn into water. I tighten the grip of my fingers between his and I tilt my head slightly so I can finally find his glare. He has a soft expression and a half smile, as if he had just awoken from a good dream, even though the ever-present tension of the muscles of his face was noticeable. I just shrug and try to relax my own muscles. — It's soft. — My answer seems to amuse him and he allows himself to enlarge his silly smile, looking at the small hand he's holding onto his own big one as he pulls it towards his face to kiss the bare skin of it. I can't help but grin at the touch. It somehow reminds me of something the old Peeta would do. And at this very thought my face darkens again. He seems to notice my discomfort because I can see his smile being extinguished of his face as he assumes his usual serious, neutral expression. No, come back... I think, almost saying it aloud. — Is everything alright? — He says, still strongly grabbing my hand. — Yes. — I lie. Of course he noticed my lying but as usual, he wouldn't insist on something I don't want to speak about. Instead, he just spent a quite long time staring at me, those blue orbs trying to figure out my blank expression, before asking: — Mm... Why are you lying down here? — What was I thinking? It's Peeta Mellark. He would get the truth from me anyway, whatever is my answer. He's the one who can make nations like him because of his spontaneity and silly jokes. He's really good with words and I'm sure he manages to cause the effects he wants while doing his magic. I just sigh and lower my eyes until the level of my feet. — Wouldn't say. I think I had a breakdown this morning. I can't remember quite well how I ended up here. — At least, this is true. I don't. — Where were you? — I ask, trying to avoid the upcoming conversation and yet satisfying my curiosity. — I thought you would want to eat something better than soup this morning. I brought you cheese buns. — I force a smile but not because I wasn't happy. To be honest, the fact that Peeta still remembers the things I like and even bother to bring me my favorite food, it's rather wonderful. My forcing was due to my failure of keeping his mind off me. Peeta keeps his staring at me and only divert his eyes from my face to put a few stubborn strands of hair behind my ear, preventing them of falling again over my cheek. He's not smiling but the soft, blank countenance is still visible. — Still not telling me what's wrong? — He asks gently, eyes locked up on mine once again, making me feel ashamed for not trusting him. After a second thought, I realize it's not about trust. I guess I'm just afraid what my thinking will trigger inside him. I try hard to be very careful to not awake the hijacking effects, even when Peeta seemed to be in total control of it. I roll my body over the rug to come closer to him and eventually I lay my head onto his chest. It's a lot easier to tell him things when his not burning my face with his terribly sweet eyes. With the tip of my finger I carefully draw imaginary circles on his covered chest, feeling the warmth of his skin through the black shirt. He moves towards me a little more and embraces my shoulders with his strong arm; by the beating of his heart I can tell he liked the approaching more than he probably should. — I've never said I'm sorry for what they'd done to you. — Bam. There it is. Now I shall wait for his shoving me aside while I get upset because of it and we fight. Instead, I feel his muscles getting tenser and tenser under me and the unquiet movement of his arms and shoulders. I am not shoved aside or neither does he seems to be willing to do that. Peeta sighs heavily and tightens his grip around me, apparently annoyed but not enough to make him want to tear apart our hug. — I thought we had talked about it already, Katniss. — He sounds dead serious but he's not wrong. We did. I'm the one who can't stop thinking about this and I keep bringing it up, knowing how much it hurts him. But I didn't want to talk about it, he insisted. It's his fault. The latter thought makes me feel like killing myself because this was so selfish of me. — Sorry. — I say. I was referring to always be the one who worries too much about things that don't even exist anymore. I always do that. Like I keep reviving Prim's and the other tribute's deaths in my head. The desperate abandonment feeling I experienced when Peeta tried to strangle me back in 13. The single thought of him being tortured... And the ultimate one which makes me feel more miserable than ever: the fact that Peeta actually forgot he had loved me. I keep living it inside me even knowing how much it hurts. When I try to put things in its places again, I suddenly stop my train of thoughts. Something is stirring deep inside my heart. I won't let it go. Then, I decide my apologies were not referring to how I always revive dead, hurtful things. I let a single, repressed tear fall over my face and I lift my head from Peeta's body, slowly dragging it until the support of his shoulder, in a way I was able to take a glance at his manlike face. Apparently, he was going to say something before I turned to him again but I guess the sight of my already rosy face and the wet trace the tear left on my cheek was enough to make him stop with his lips half-opened, still deciding what to do. I was already decided. I decided I was apologizing because of