A/n: Hey guys! I just want to say a few things about this story before I get started. The first thing I have to say is that this story is my first venture into a sort of co-authorship. I am writing this story with my close friend Beka. We are working in a partnership that mostly consists of her and I coming up with ideas together, and me putting them in proper literary form. Therein lies the problem. We think we're funny. You may not. Please don't flame us for that! Again, I cannot take full credit for all the content of this story. Second, this story is a high story set in modern times. Therefore, Beka and I are basing alot of it on our own experiences in high school, which sadly just recently ended for us. There will be some weird things happening in this story. The sad truth is some of it is real because some of it is too stupid to make up. Warnings: This story is rated because it includes swearing. It's not like it has "OH MY GOD! HOW COULD THEY SAY THAT?!" swearing, but there still is swearing all the same. I just want to be safe with my ratings. If swearing offends you at all, this is not a good story to read. Also, there are references to things that happen in high school, such as hard partying and the things that come along with it such as alcohol and references to drugs (and not even anything major. only smoking). Again, I just want to be safe. If you object to any of that, don't read. PLEASE NO FLAMES! P.S. There will be phrases such as "gotta" and "kinda" used frequently and on purpose. Don't say that I have bad grammar. Disclaimer: I don't own anything of Lord of the rings. I only own Hana and Andune. I don't own "Phantom of the opera" "Rent" or anything of the real world such as Ipod or Broadway. -- Frodo Baggins sighed with relief as he stepped on the section of sidewalk that divided the local shopping center and the Middle Earth District High school. He had been preparing for this walk for days and the entire time, he pondered to himself "Why the hell didn't they give me a bus?!" He'd taken a bus for his whole school career. But then, he got to high school. Middle earth high was notorious for basing bus assignments just on geography in relation to the school. So naturally, did they give him a bus? NOOOO! He had to walk! The whole year. He had to walk. However, he thanked god that he wasn't alone. Joining him in his misery were fellow freshmen Samwise Gamgee (aka Sam), Meriadoc Brandybuck (aka Merry), and Perigrin Took (aka Pippin). The four boys had been friends since kindergarten, as they all lived in the same general area (to be more specific, Frodo lived next door to Sam, who lived across the street from Merry, who lived next door to Pippin, who he just happened to be cousins with.). For all those years, they always did everything together. So now, they had to suffer together. Four years of walking. As they reached the front steps of the school, Merry and Pippin collapsed onto the steps, gasping for breath and attracting the attention of other students. They could tell that the seemingly endless parade of elves, humans, and other hobbits were laughing at them as they passed by. Frodo could hear them say things like "freshmen" or "pathetic", and he even heard one rather intimidating looking man who looked like he wrestled say "New blood." before going inside, closely followed by a tall blond elf with a cocked eyebrow and wearing what looked like a football jersey. Frodo hesitantly brushed it off his shoulder. "Oh…my…god! That was a long walk!" gasped merry, in between breathes. "I know!" Pippin exclaimed "I can't believe we have to do that every day for the next four years." "Guys, it was only fifteen minutes. It wasn't that bad." said Sam, leaning on the railing. "Frodo, your uncle drives a Cadillac. Why can't he drive us?" asked Merry. He was referring to the fact that Frodo's uncle Bilbo Baggins, who was Frodo's guardian after the tragic loss of his parents when he was only two, had a rather 'well paying' job and drove a rather large and expensive Cadillac SUV (only made funnier by the fact that he was a hobbit). "Uncle Bilbo says that when we're faced with certain situations, we have to stand up and face them." Frodo explained. "But what if it's the middle of winter and the snow comes up to here? asked Sam, bring his hand up to his eyebrows. "That's the only exception. Blizzards, monsoons, hail, stuff like that." At that moment, Pippin jumped where he sat, before fishing around in his back pocket. "What?" asked Frodo. " I'm vibrating." Pippin answered, making two passing elf girls laugh. "Huh?" Sam inquired. Pippin pulled out his cell phone. "Oh." said Sam. Pippin picked up. "Hello?...Hey! What's up?...now?...ok…which one?...right. ok." He hung up. "Faramir wants us to go to the cafeteria." He said. "Right now?" asked Merry. "Yes." Pippin said as he got up and gestured the other three hobbits to follow him. They walked through the front doors. -- Middle Earth High was not known for being a large school. It only had about nine hundred students to its name. It wasn't the wealthiest district in the county, because there were other districts that some M-E students would rather be going to just for the sake of having more perks available to them. And to most students, no matter what grade, the worst part about M-E was that they had a reputation for having one of the worst football teams in the county, the Middle Earth Oaks. Their name wasn't intimidating what so ever, which probably explained why they usually won only four games a season and hadn't gone to the district play-offs in probably a decade. But most students walked away from that school calling it some of the best years of their lives. It was a place where teens from a range of races and backgrounds could come together and have the time of their lives (not during class obviously, much to the dismay of some). It was four years of sports, clubs, friends, parties, and…..well…things that went along with parties. Of course, the latter didn't apply to everyone. It was really only a problem with the trouble makers, who were already subject to the punishments that administration dished out. Most people had good things to say about the education system at M-E. It had a low dropout rate, high test score averages, and more importantly, a high graduation rate. Overall, most people liked the fact that M-E was just your average high school with average high school students. Sure, they weren't exactly a resort town, and their football team kind of sucked. But it still left an impact on most of their students and alumni, right down to the parents who graduated many years before and whose children now attended M-E. -- The four hobbits ventured through the hallway. In addition to the slight grouping together of particular races, they could already see the forming of cliques taking place. The Jocks, the plastics, the nerds, the artists, the Goths, the cheerleaders, the party animals, the emos, the criminals (I'll leave that definition to you), and the cliqueless. Frodo did have to admit to himself that it was a little bit intimidating going through this sea of identities, especially since he had always maintained the fact that he was cliqueless and intended to stay that way. As they walked into the cafeteria, they heard the sound the sound that all four of them had been dreading. "Well, here they are. The lowly freshmen." "Oh no!" Frodo thought as he looked to see their friend and fellow freshman Faramir, who was seated at a table with his older brother Boromir. Since the fourth grade, when they met Faramir, Boromir had always been a source of headaches and great annoyance to the five of them with his constant talk of him being the star quarterback of the football team, and the instant popularity that came along with it. The only thing that it made it worse was that it was Boromir's senior year. As Faramir put it, this made his ego expand to the point of needing its own zip code. They were going to hear way more then they already did, which was already way past the point of driving them all insane. "Quick, all of you. Schedules." said Faramir. The five of them took a moment to compare schedules and classes. As predicted, Faramir had no real classes. They were all Advanced Placement, or AP, classes (for Faramir was some kind of freak, he was so smart), although he did share a shop class with Pippin. Frodo, Sam, and Merry all shared a gym class. Frodo and Sam were in the same English class. Merry and Pippin had the same math and science. All the hobbits wound up in the same elvish language class, and all five freshmen had fifth period lunch. Boromir looked over Faramir's shoulder. "Ooh. You got Gimli for shop? He's a kinda crazy." He commented, calling on his time in the class. But before Faramir could say anything, there was a loud commotion out in the hallway. "GET BACK HERE!" they heard a security guard yell. "GET HIM!" another one shouted. "oooOOOH SHIT!" someone screamed before running. "What the hell was that?" asked Merry. "Ahhhh, Aragorn" Boromir said with a smile. "Wait just a minute! You know him?!" said Sam. "Yeah I do." Said Boromir "That happens pretty regularly. Aragorn's like the biggest pothead in the whole school. He always gets in trouble for it. I can't believe he was dumb enough to bring weed on the first day." "He…smokes pot? And you hang out with him?" asked Frodo. "He's actually pretty cool when you hang out with him. He makes your day pretty interesting and…..speak of the devil! He got away!" They turned to see Aragorn walking into the cafeteria. He looked like your typical rocker. Ripped jeans, tight tee shirt, Doc Martins, scruffy beard, and rather unkempt hair. In his hand was a piece of paper, which they guessed was probably his schedule. Before he said anything, he quickly dove under the table. "If anyone asks, I'm not here." "They find the stash?" asked Boromir. "No. But their still looking for me." Aragorn answered. "Right" Boromir stood up when some of his football teammates wandered over and did their usual handshake, sat down again, and began to drink out of the small milk carton that had been sitting in front of him. But as he did so, Faramir saw a heavy set (like muscular) human girl along with a bunch of other girls walk in. She was dressed in a pink polo shirt, plaid pink knee length shorts (or as the authoress calls them, grandpa shorts), and had short, curly, dark hair pinned back with a flower pin. She noticed the boys from across the room. Quietly, she crept up behind Boromir, and out of nowhere, slapped him upside the back of the head. This caused Boromir's head to snap forward, which in turn, caused his milk to splash onto his football jersey. Faramir prepared himself for death con one. "Fuck! I just had this thing washed!" Faramir let out a sigh of relief. "Sorry buddy. I didn't mean to do that to you." The girl said. "That's ok. I'm not gonna kill you yet." said Boromir, trying to clean off his precious jersey. "So, this is your younger brother?" asked the girl, looking at Faramir. "Yep. This is my freak of a brother." "I've heard a lot about you Faramir." "Thanks?" said Faramir. "I'm