A/N: This fic was written for thelionwithoutaname for the Grindeldore Holiday Exchange 2016 on Tumblr. Happy Holidays & Happy New Year, thelionwithoutaname! :) I hope you enjoy this! This fic is also based on JKR's tweet about Grindelwald being a lying seer. That being said, I excluded any reference to FBAWTFT from here, because I wrote this in a hurry. Thank you for reading. :) . i. His mother was the true Seer, not him. She spoke without fuss about the Inner Eye, the Eye of Clarity that began its opening in her fourteenth year of life, and only grew wider and wider, and her gaze went further and deeper. Until the Eye consumed her and her whole bloodshot existence became the Eye. She looked at him and saw all the shadows of his future strung behind him, dogging his heels. All the possibilities and pathways that he would ever tread parcelled up and strapped to his shoulders. He hated the thought. To think that he could be made transparent to any one person, even if she was his own mother! And have his entire life, still unlived and yet already reduced to nothing more than symmetry! "So you can tell me who or what I will become?" he demanded. His mother trailed her fingers down his cheek, stopping at the point of his chin. "Some things are better left unseen." But Gellert was not completely spared from the Eye. He woke one wintry night, when he was ten. He wasn't even certain if he was indeed awake, or still half-snagged in the mesh of a dream. The darkness felt membranous, lulling. He saw himself as though through a broken mirror: fragments of himself in steel grey robes, a badge sewn to the lapels, looking out from the top of a fortress to a leaden sky. There were countless others around him, clad in the same uniform, some of them his age, some older. They all wore expressions of wariness and deferred to him. He stood in a vast library pulling out books he had never seen before. He held a wand, which spewed spells that made everyone applaud and beg for more. The next morning, he received an owl with a letter from Durmstrang Institute of Magic, informing him of his place in the school. Durmstrang was prestigious and faraway; not every magical child was admitted. "I already knew," he said as he gave his mother the letter. "Perhaps I am like you." She folded the letter into half and set it gently down before him. "There are some things that you will never have, some things that you will never be." "Things that you have, but I don't?" he said with disbelief. "You are too self-sufficient, my dear Gellert. And too attached to yourself." He left for Durmstrang that year, after he turned eleven. His mother paid for his fare but halfway across Alföld, on the way to Budapest, he jumped off the train. A restless, black weight seemed to be chasing him across the plains and it could not be outrun. Everywhere he looked he saw bales of dried grass and the wide pale hand of the sky, cupped over the world, sealing him in. Six days after the school term had officially begun, he passed through the towering gates and stepped into Durmstrang. He found his way to the rooftop of the highest turret, climbed over loose slates and felt the ice-sharpened wind carve at his body. The Baltic was a far wrinkle beyond miles of boreal forests and scattered lakes. He did not dream this. "Be careful that you do not mistake clarity for the fulfilment of desire. That may very well be your undoing." That was his mother's farewell to him before he'd left for Durmstrang. His mother was the true Seer, not him. . ii. The second time the Sight toyed with him, he was wandering the corridors of Durmstrang, engraving the sign of the Deathly Hallows in the walls. The sign of the Hallows was his new Eye: triple-lidded and slit-pupiled, he planted it in stone so others could feel as watched and as restless as he felt. Instead, he was constantly punished for vandalism of school property. This time, though, he had been whittling its shape into the wall of the school library. Once complete, it glowed, its grooves filling with amber. The warmth spread beyond the lines of the shape and engulfed him. The Sight stuttered through him, and in pieces he saw a churchyard, summer-dusted fields and someone standing in a grove of birch trees, their back to him. He held on to the vision with all the concentration he could muster. The place was unrecognisable, but perhaps if he could see this person's face, if he could just see— Grey crept in at the edges of his vision, corrupting it like a film over his eyes, until he was back in Durmstrang, blind as ever and rooted to the present moment. All he had glimpsed were thin shoulders, and too much light streaking across an auburn head. . iii. Durmstrang passed away for him-good riddance to it. He had had enough of roving through its lightless, stone-cold bowels, enough of engaging in petty quarrels with the teachers, which he'd used to delight in, enough of the untalented, uniformed hordes of his schoolmates. Instead, he chose the isolation and insignificance of his great-aunt's village of Godric's Hollow. He walked its dirt lanes with a sense of bemusement. He found a churchyard dotted with ancient yew trees and his heart seized. He breathed in anticipation. Not long now. When he saw Albus Dumbledore (he lived next door all this while) for the first time, Albus was standing in his garden, locked in an argument with his younger brother. From where Gellert watched at the second floor window of his great aunt's house, he could only see Albus's back, but he recognised the shoulders, the sun on auburn hair, the familiarity of the scene. It was a pleasant feeling—maybe something his mother enjoyed about being a Seer: the smugness and the familiarity of moments foreseen. . iv. "Tell me that you think this is all a child's fairytale." He held a pebble in his hand, a smooth white stone, polished by the river. He had gone wading in the stream to retrieve it; his shoes lay kicked askew on the bank, and Albus lounged on the yellowing grass beside them, an arm behind his head. The earth smelt dry, and the stream ran thin and silty. Summer in Godric's Hollow was windless, petrified in heat; Albus's presence was so strained with longing that everywhere he went, Gellert felt the air turn brittle around him. Albus could break into two any moment. He lay down beside Albus and dropped his head carelessly against Albus's shoulder. Into Albus's hand, he pressed the pebble. "The true Stone, they say, is blacker than Death and though it gleams, it will yield no reflection. The key to unlock the gates to Death's realm." He closed Albus's fingers around the smooth hard surface. "Something to add to your collection." " Your collection," Albus corrected, with a smile. "You started this. Along with all the fanciful stories and dreams you brought with you." "I also brought you methods. Plans. And most importantly, a cause. I have given you purpose." Gellert paused. He plucked a yellow thistle flower growing beside them and tickled Albus's eyelids and nose. "I suppose you will now denounce me as an arrogant sod." Albus snorted and flicked the thistle away with indignation. "You know me far too well. Perhaps I shall settle for juvenile miscreant with an ambitious political agenda. Or reckless idealist." "Visionary, maybe." Gellert drew from the depths of his pockets a handkerchief, knotted at the corners into a small package. He unwrapped it and lay it flat on the grass between them. There was a twig in the centre, broken off an elder tree. There was also a lace doily, which was a bit of a joke. Gellert had filched it from his great aunt's tea tray a week ago, and they had infused a Charm into it, so different parts of it disappeared at different times. Currently, it resembled a half-chewed snowflake. Albus placed the stone in between the two objects. "Imagine, two Masters of Death! We will complement each other, set our own fates and change the order of the world." "For the greater good of all." Albus folded his other arm behind his head and turned away from Gellert. He stared straight up into the sky, but his gaze retracted, his eyes unfocused. "I always believed in a different variety of fate. One that is a little harder to grasp, and therefore had nothing to do with me." "Who is the dreamer now?" Gellert mocked. But it wasn't Albus. He never sought anything from the Eye until now. Now, he ransacked his thoughts, pillaged through his own sleep, brewed draughts to force himself to dream. The dreams came, a steady rhythm of them, broken sequences that echoed each other like mirrors and showed nothing else. The Sight would not be used. His mother's words became live ants, eating the corners of his thoughts. Every time he looked at Albus, he was unnerved by the glint of spectacles and his unexpected gentleness. Albus understood his passions, his rationales, his longing for liberation. Albus held him in ways that he could barely comprehend, and without fear. He flaked away that summer, crumb by crumb; he felt sick and flushed; he felt caverns open up in his body, black and desperate, until he saw Albus, spent every waking moment with Albus. He was undone by each kiss he took from Albus, undone by the illness of Albus's skin, the press and the wrangle of their bodies together, the hoard of promises they plundered from each other. Albus was unknowable. . v. Who cast the fatal curse? Who held the guilty wand? Who would have checked? If it was Gellert, it didn't matter. He had a new wand now, a third of the pact he had once sealed with Albus. The Elder Wand slipped into his possession—easy, far too easy and almost anticlimactic. But it resisted him at first. He wrestled with it, his resolve against its opposition. It only submitted, very grudgingly, to his will, after he returned to his hometown at the edge of the plains, and cast spells to blacken the wheat and the maize, to turn all the fruit into lumps of clay, and then pelt hailstones down on the roofs of the townsfolk. His mother was long gone by then, and he never knew where she went, only that she must have foreseen this, and severed any association with him. Only after such destruction did the Elder Wand obey, and even then, it sat at the margins of his thought, restive and sentient, awaiting weakness. In a way, it was him submitting to it : eliminating his roots as an offering, courting its allegiance by casting himself adrift in the gulf of its power. At nights, he slept with the Wand in his grip. Sleep was a blind, mangled crush of dreams, and soon he began to eschew it. Gellert abandoned the search for the other two Hallows—the Elder Wand did not care to be united with its other parts. Let Albus have them! He sent the handkerchief with their childish imitation of the Hallows—the elder twig, river pebble and grubby half-Charmed doily—to Albus, and received no response. This was beyond grief or resentment, no longer the question of what happened between them during that summer in Godric's Hollow. Rather, it was indifference from Albus. Albus no longer believed in their cause. Cities smouldered with Gellert's bitterness and the Elder Wand's triumph. . vi. When Albus finally descended into the fray, the Elder Wand began to fail Gellert. Perhaps it sensed that this master was all but