Hello my lovely fanfiction readers. Welcome to the SEQUEL of Roman. So if you have not read Roman, none of this will make sense. Cheers. (I just saw Thor: The Dark World, it was amazing BTW, so I'm currently British for the next few days) Disclaimer: I do not own the Percy Jackson series. Jolly good, lads. (Or is that Irish? Chaps? Mates?... No. No. That's Australian... I'll get it eventually...) One thing was definite. He was no longer Roman. On the second day in the forest, a stray rabbit wondered into their camp, and Jason drove a sword through it. If it had been four months prior, Piper would've taken the sword from the rabbit and stabbed Jason, but as the poor creature squealed out in pain, Piper's mouth started watering as she could smell it's flesh roasting over a warming fire. She was starving; it had been nearly three days since she'd last eaten. The Romans refused to feed her in prison, but she was still lasting better than Jason. He was in a near panic. After never having to scramble for food or water his entire royal life, he wasn't quite sure what to do. It was true he had been bred for times of war and hardship, but he never actually had to face them. He was terrified of freezing in the night or dying of hunger; Piper was too, she was just better at hiding it than he was. She had never heard him complain of it, but from the look plastering his face, she knew he was moments from cracking. It wouldn't be long before he decided to eat her. So, yes, she was thankful for the rabbit. Forget about being a vegetarian. And she most certainly did forget after tearing into the wood-smoked flesh of the animal. Just as she was about to take another piece, she remembered her miserable walk to Rome and the pain of hunger she had experienced on her journey; all because she had been too foolish not to save a bit of the squirrel she had miraculously managed to kill. She had tried to stop him from eating anymore, but neither could resist for more than a few minutes; Jason, for more than a few seconds. He promptly told her he didn't give a damn, and then tore off the rabbit's left leg, sinking his teeth into it's meat. Piper gave in too a few minutes later, promising herself they'd find more, but even then she knew that was a lie. It had been another two days since then, and food had evaded them. Piper promised herself she'd wait until he woke up to rub it in that she'd told him so. He awoke to find her not paying the slightest bit of attention. She was whittling with a small torn off tree limb, about six inches long and an inch wide. There were a few other carved twigs, each shaven of it's bark and crafted to a point. With Katropis in her hand, she appeared to be hallowing it out, very attentive to each detail of it. With he cleared his throat to let her know he was awake, she became flustered and shoved her work behind her back. "What's that?" Piper cleared her throat. "It's nothing. Just an old hobby; it relieves a bit of tension for me." And he didn't question her further, waving it off as another one of her silly little habits. He rolled onto his back, covering his eyes with the back of his hands to block the morning sun. After a few moments, he stood and walked over to their pile of firewood—if there was anything they had an abundance of in this hell of a forest, it was firewood. He picked up a few logs and threw them into the dead fire pit. He reached to grasp the two stones they'd been using to ignite the flames, and began scratching them against each other to create sparks. He could feel Piper's eyes on him as he did this, and when the logs caught fire, she voiced his accusation. "What are you doing?" "Making a fire." He answered, plain and simple. "Why?" "I'm going to find food, and we need a fire to cook it." Piper looked at him, doubtingly, "you actually think you can not only find, but kill an animal?" He put his hands on his hips, half-cockily, half-defensively. "I've done it before; you watched me do it a few days ago." "I watched you stab an unsuspecting rabbit, that had luckily stumbled into our camp. That, Jason, was luck." "That, Piper, was skill." "Please." She said, walking past him to stomp out the small flame. "What skill?" Jason looked at her in a mix of shock and anger. "You—you just put out my fire." She raised an eyebrow at him. "You called that a fire?" "Well, then, if you're so intelligent, how are we going to cook the food without a fire?" He asked, crossing him arms, much to sassily for a grown man. Piper pulled her cloak from the forest floor, and tugged it over her head. "We aren't. We are going to go into town and eat like civilized people." "How? We're fugitives." "Honestly, Jason. Do you really think your father would let people know that his only son and heir has not only betrayed him, but evaded the mighty soldiers of Rome, taking Public Enemy Number One with him?" Jason blinked. "No. No he wouldn't." "Exactly." "Even so, we don't have any money." "Money?" Piper rolled her eyes. "I can get you money." With a sway in her walk, and her hood lowered, Piper strutted her way through the town square. She drew the eyes of both men and women, for a number of reasons, both hormone-driven, and jealousy-driven. When she spotted a man who was reasonably well groomed with a pouch a denarii jiggling from his belt, she made a beeline towards him. With Jason's head lowered and shadowed by the darkness of an alley about twenty feet away to avoid attention from anyone, this one was all Piper. She batted her eyes, and tapped the man on his shoulder with a seductive smile on her lips. He turned to her, and Piper nearly cringed. Of all the men she had to choose, she had selected one who was cross-eyed as a bat, thin-lipped, cursed with an extremely large nose with the beard from hell. He looked non-proportionate in every way possible; Piper could hear Jason stifling his laughs despite their distance and the noise of a busy town square. "Hello." Piper swallowed the vomit that she hadn't realized ventured into her mouth, and forced a smile. "Hi." He ran a rough hand down her arm, causing the vomit Piper had successfully forced back down to come right back up. "How can I help you?" She light a fire in her eyes to make the effect endearing, "I was hoping that a kind handsome man like yourself would have some money for a lost girl to use to get back to her family." "Well." He chuckled, his hand going towards his pouch. "I might." Piper smiled, but it left as soon as it had come. "But, everything comes at a price." He slithered an arm around her waist, drawing her in closer; Piper placed her palms against her chest, pushing away from him. His grin was suddenly gone, and wordlessly, Piper walked away; the man huffed, slightly disappointed, and left in the opposite direction. As Piper walked past Jason down the alley, she held up a hand against him, silencing his mockery. "Not one word." He chuckled. "Oh, I had more than one." Piper gritted her teeth. "Don't test me." He let out another chuckle, raising his hands in defense. "Whatever. Do you mind loaning me your cloak, so we don't get mobbed?" "Why?" "Because I have a plan of my own." Piper drew in a heavy breath, removing the cloak, and handing it to him. He winced as he drew it around his shoulders; Piper had nearly forgotten about his wound. His tunic was still drench with blood, despite Piper finding a river that they'd washed they'd both bathed and washed their clothing in. "Are you all right?" She asked, reaching out a hand, but not daring to touch him. "I'm fine." He grunted, pulling the hood around his face. "Follow my lead." Piper stifled a laugh as she trailed him. The cloak was way to small for him; barely ending around his knees. It was tight around his shoulders, and the green fabric didn't exactly compliment the rugged image he constantly tried to portray. She noticed his eyes catch on a red coin pouch secured to a man's waistline by nothing more than a knotted string. Jason tapped against his leg, nodding towards him; Piper cleared her throat to show she understood. Making a loop around the square, Jason casually bumped the man's shoulder, muttering an apology, though all the man did was scold him loudly. As Jason continued to walk, he snatched the pouch from the man and palmed in to Piper, who tied it around her own waistband, claiming it as her own. Both continued walking as if it had never happened. They ate in silence. Piper stared at him as he picked at his cheese, and aimlessly stuck his thumbnail into his apple, carving a drawing of lines into it. In the almost week they had unwillingly spent together, Piper still knew near to nothing about him. She cursed herself for not analyzing him sooner; she knew Jason, the backstabbing prince who dueled her in the arena, but she didn't know Jason, the man who saved her life. She watched his body movements, committing his habits to her memory. He sat on the edge of his old wooden chair, ready to bolt the moment anything went wrong. He may have been eating his cheese, but his grip on his apple was tight, yet loose, as if he was ready to chunk it at someone if he couldn't get to his sword in time. "What should we do?" He looked up at her. "What?" "We can't keep this up?" "Why not?" "We just can't keep living like this, especially with people still getting killed in the Colosseum. I have friends in there Jason, I can't just leave them there to die." "Well then, what do you suggest we do?" Piper said the only thing that came to mind. "We end it." "What?" "We end the Colosseum. We free everybody, and we put a stop to Jupiter's tyranny over them." "You're right." "Look, Jason, I know Jupiter's your father and stopping the Colosseum might shake his rule, and possibly threaten his life, but—wait." Piper paused, realizing what he had said. "What?" "You're right." It was late that night as Piper and Jason snuck near the bushes where Piper had hidden what felt like so long ago. She swore colorfully beneath her breath; she hadn't been expecting ground patrol. She could only assume it was Jupiter being paranoid that there could be someone else like her, who could escape in the middle of the night. If she had been in the neutral zone with Jason, she would've socked him square in the nose; it was his fault the Romans even knew she'd gotten out. "How are we getting in?" He whispered to her. Piper shrugged. "I dunno." She ran to another set of bushes closer to the Colosseum. He perked up, almost voicing a questioning 'what?', but he followed her, nonetheless. "What do you mean you don't know?" He said, slightly agitated that she would drag him out there, risking both their lives, without a plan. "I don't" Piper ran to the next shrub. He trailed her. "What does that mean?" "I don't know how I can make it any clearer." She ran towards the open layout of the Colosseum, hiding behind