Author's Note: There will be long, long breaks between chapters on this, as I don't have this one mostly completed like I do Runaway Bride, but I just felt like posting it tonight. In fact, I've barely begun. It's different and it's full of angst, and as much as it pains me to admit…it's a big part of me and why I haven't been able to post much for the past two years. I'm going to turn my struggle and pain into something else, though. I'm going to give myself a story that will make me smile, and maybe someday I'll have it for real. This hasn't been betaed, mostly because I didn't give my beta a chance to work on it. For some strange reason I feel compelled to post it tonight…and so I shall. Hope you enjoy and please be gentle…this is more than just a random character and needless to say, I'm still pretty raw. Prologue I keep going back to your profile and reading it over and over. It's hard to describe what I feel when I read your words. It's like my soul warms up and radiates throughout my body and I just know I'll regret it forever if I don't contact you. If you'd like to get to know me better, please reply to the address below, as this account is my friend's which I borrowed. I really hope to hear from you soon. Edward Ten years ago, those words were the first contact I'd ever had with Edward Cullen when he replied to my profile on match dot com . At the time, I was seeing someone, so I responded. I said that he seemed really nice, but I was already involved with someone. I went on to say I would be happy to be his friend. The relationship was already falling apart and he was my go-to guy for male advice in regard to said boyfriend. He was really great. I broke up with the guy the day before Valentine's Day and had confided in Edward that I was sad to, once again, be alone on Valentine's Day just like I always was. I never dreamed that when I got home from work that night there would be three dozen carnations and box filled with adorable, thoughtful gifts waiting for me. It was obvious he'd already planned on sending them before I'd even broken up with the guy, knowing that it was just pity that had kept me holding on in the end. I didn't feel guilty at all when that night he asked me to meet up with him for the first time and I agreed. We didn't meet for three more days, but from that point on I always considered Valentine's Day our anniversary, as it was the day I finally realized that I truly did have feelings for Edward Cullen. Our first date went from meeting for lunch to a 14 hour marathon date with lunch, movie, dinner, bowling, pool, and talking in our cars until the wee hours of the morning. I drove home that night, looked myself in the mirror, and said, "OH my God, Bella! You just met the man you're going to marry!" Valentine's Day that following year, Edward proposed and the following July I was walking down the aisle to become his wife. I didn't have the slightest worry or twinge of fear. I just KNEW it was right. I'd known from the moment I first set eyes on him that he was the one. It makes for such a wonderful, romantic story, and I thought on that day that we would be together forever. I had no idea of what pain was ahead for me. It didn't take long before he started ignoring me. We were married less than a year before I found myself going to bed alone every night while he stayed up till the wee hours of the morning playing video games. I kept thinking that if I gave him space, things would improve, but they didn't. I tried nagging. I tried seducing. I tried ignoring. I tried everything and nothing seemed to make a difference. He would engage for short periods of time before he was back in game land. Then one day something amazing happened. My period was late and when it did finally come a few days later, we were both disappointed. I'd wanted a baby all of my life. I adored children and knew my life wouldn't be complete without them. Edward also wanted kids. Originally, we had a plan to wait a few years before we started having children, but that little event sparked a conversation and we decided we wanted to try. For quite a few very long months, we had a common goal. He was my partner again. I kept track of my temperature and my cycles and he'd take time to look after me and take advantage of our peak times. Afterward he'd help me prop my feet up, or when that didn't seem to work, help me reposition myself over the side of the bed so I could more or less stand on my head and let gravity assist our hopeful swimmers. Every month we were both so hopeful…and every month the cramps predicted the impending disappointment. We'd finally decided to give up on all of the tracking and attempts to manipulate nature's course in time for our anniversary. We had already made plans months ago to go to Seattle to see family. Three weeks later, I realized something felt different. I couldn't wait. I took a test and screamed bloody murder when two telltale little lines showed up instead of the standard single line that had taunted me for months. I called him at work and screamed into the phone, "TWO PINK LINES! Oh my God, Edward, it's TWO pink lines! We're having a baby!" He laughed and cried with me over the phone. My pregnancy with EJ was relatively easy. The delivery, however, was a living nightmare. He was breech and something deep within told me that trying to rotate him and induce was asking for trouble. Instead, we scheduled a C-section. It went downhill fast. One thing led to another, and at one point, I thought neither of us was going to make it. Thankfully, God is good and we survived together. Edward was so great in the hospital and for those first months with EJ. My mom took several weeks off of work to come stay and help out. Edward was very hands on in those first few weeks too. He helped take care of EJ while I recovered and helped me maneuver and get in and out of the restroom for the first few days as the 30 some odd staples holding my T shaped incision together made moving quite difficult. I was in a lot of pain, yet I was so happy that EJ was safe. On the second day after we were home, we were laying in bed for an afternoon nap and started talking about all of the things that had happened, and I started talking about what I hoped would go differently with the next one. I'll never forget how he looked at me with awe in his eyes. "You really want another one after all of this?" I shrugged. "Of course. I always thought we would have at least 2 kids, if not more." He just shook his head, his eyes wide with some kind of wonderment. "You amaze me. I was afraid after all of that you'd say never again. It hasn't even been a week and you're already talking about doing it all over again?" I just smiled. "He's worth it and the next one will be, too." The problem was that the longer time passed, the more Edward seemed to drift away. It wasn't long before he was up gaming all night again and sleeping in every morning with me harassing him awake to go to work. When EJ was only about 18 months old, we decided to start trying for another baby, believing that two to three years apart would be ideal. The only problem was that Edward's heart just didn't seem to be in it. It took almost a year and a half to finally get pregnant, during which time I was diagnosed as having Polycystic Ovarian Syndrome and Hypothyroidism. When I did get pregnant, he seemed so excited at first, talking to my stomach, and being so sweet. Unfortunately, I made some comment about how great it was and the sweetness abruptly stopped. My pregnancy was a particularly difficult one…far more difficult than my pregnancy with EJ had been. The more I struggled, the more I saw Edward pulling further and further away, as if he were disgusted with my weakness. I also struggled with horrible sleep issues. I believed it was severe sleep apnea combined with insomnia. I slept in a recliner in the livingroom when I could sleep and sobbed all night the times I couldn't. I was exhausted, physically and mentally, and added to the stress of taking care of a three year old, I felt so defeated. By the time Ellie was born, Edward had grown quite cold. I started having blood pressure issues and combined with my exhaustion, the doctors decided to take her a week earlier than we had scheduled. My mom had a new job by then and couldn't reorganize her schedule, which meant it was just me and Edward for that first week of my recovery. It was like night and day from the experience when EJ was born. Where he had been attentive and sweet after EJ, he ignored me and played video games most of the time. He took care of EJ's basic needs, food, toileting, etc, and helped some with Ellie, but basically left me to fend for myself and Ellie most of the time. I never felt more alone. His mom came over and helped as much as he could, but all I really wanted was for Edward to wake the hell up and do something! No matter what I did, nothing snapped my husband out of his state of apathy. My fairytale happily ever after had turned quite miserable and I didn't know what to do. Eventually, I fell into my own state of passive aggressiveness. I stopped doing some things hoping he'd get off his butt and do them because it might drive him crazy enough to do something…anything. I started pushing all of my free time and energy into a new hobby I had found of writing. It was my therapy and when the kids went down at night, I either read or wrote to the point it was a massive part of my life…a part I preferred over the reality. I guess in some ways, I ultimately gave him a taste of his own medicine and I think he hated that more than anything else. Unfortunately, it didn't change anything. It only made things even worse. Eventually we really had become little more than roommates. That didn't stop the conviction deep inside of me though. I was raised to believe that marriage is for good and you don't give up. I had two conditions that I made clear from the beginning…if a guy ever beat me or if he ever cheated on me, I would be gone. No negotiation, no capitulation. Although, life isn't always as clear cut while in the moment as it seems from the outside looking in. He was thirty-four. She was nineteen. They met at church camp of all places. He'd gone his whole life and when he got old enough, he started going as a counselor and then a director. I'd helped out the first few years we were together before our children came along. She was an eleven-year-old camper my first year assisting. Our daughter wasn't even two, our son was five when