Disclaimer: I do not own Harry Potter. Author's Note: Hey guys! This is a new story of mine that has popped into my head. I've been wanting do a Sirius raising Harry story like this for a while, and decided to add Draco into the mix, because I just love him so much. I hope you enjoy! Just a quick note: I know that Tonks was supposed to graduate with Charlie but for the purpose of the story, I made her a year older than him. Warnings: Child Abuse, mentions of murder and blood. Prologue "Ooh, look. Siva Rinaldi is out after hours. Isn't he a Hufflepuff?" "Yeah. Sixth year. Looks like he's meeting Clementine Antonio." Snickers filled the Gryffindor first year room, though four out of six of the first years were slumbering peacefully in the late hours of the night, nearly midnight. Two children, identical twin boys with striking red hair, mischievous brown eyes, and a smattering of freckles covering pale skin. One of them had climbed into the other's bed, and they were currently leaning over a piece of old parchment and whispering to each other about their findings. "Hey, where's Charlie?" one of them whispered to the other and two identical pairs of brown eyes quickly found the sixth year Gryffindor dorms. The other pointed to a small dot on the parchment that read Charlie Weasley and he groaned, "Sleeping like a good prefect. We need some more interesting siblings." Fred and George Weasley had, in fact, five siblings, not including themselves. Bill was the eldest but he had graduated Hogwarts the year before and was now a Curse Breaker, something that the twins found rather fascinating. Then there was Charlie, a seventh year and Quidditch Captain, who always seemed to know when the two were about to get into trouble, making it difficult for them to have fun around the castle. Percy was next and was probably their most annoying brother. He was a third year and the two of them had no idea how the boy made it into Gryffindor. He obviously should have been a Ravenclaw. There was also Ron and Ginny, but they were not old enough for Hogwarts yet. Still, they were perfect targets for pranks and teasing. They had found the parchment a few weeks prior, around Halloween, after snooping around in Filch's office following a prank that had distracted him. Curious about it, it had taken them quite a while to figure out the password, and even then, it hadn't been them who had figured it out. In fact, the Marauders, the creators of the map who could somehow communicate through it, it seemed, told them the password once determining that the two first years were fellow pranksters. Now, the piece of parchment was very useful in pulling pranks, but also in spying on the rest of the castle. "Ooh, McGonagall is out after hours," Fred elbowed the other to get his attention away from a couple who were currently in each other's bed in the Slytherin seventh year dormitories, "What do you reckon she's doing out so late?" "Patrolling," George responded simply, and Fred grimaced at the boring answer. A mischievous smirk appeared on George's face, "Or, she's visiting Dumbledore." Fred snickered at that. The two were fostering the rumor that McGonagall and Dumbledore were dating, and jumped at every opportunity to prove it. He continued scanning the parchment before his eyes fell on the third year Gryffindor dorms. A frown fell over his face and his eyebrows scrunched up in confusion, "Why is someone in bed with Percy?" "What?" George snatched the parchment away from Fred and found his older brother. Sure enough, there was a dot right next to him, almost overlapping, that read Peter Pettigrew . "Peter Pettigrew," George spoke up in confusion. He glanced up at his brother, "I don't recognize that name." Fred huffed lightly, "We don't know everyone in Percy's year," he pointed out, "But I'm going to find out who Percy's little friend is." The two exchanged identical smirks and put away the parchment. George slipped out of Fred's bed and walked quickly to his own. Within minutes, the two boys were asleep, matching grins on their faces. 4 Privet Drive was quiet. It was, after all, nearly one in the morning, and the family had turned in for the night. The lights were all turned off and the only sound that was heard was Vernon Dursley's loud snoring. The home was completely average. It was clean to perfection and several photographs of a small family of three, a walrus of a man, a large boy, and a horse-like woman, hung on the walls. The only sign that something in the house was off was the cupboard under the stairs which, oddly, had a lock on it. A small click reverberated through the normal house. There was a moment of silence before the door to the cupboard under the stairs slowly swung open. A small child nervously poked his head out and glanced around before climbing out of the cupboard and slowly making his way to the kitchen. The child was small, wearing clothes that practically engulfed his thin frame, and had messy black hair that seemed to stick up every which way and wary, emerald green eyes. His face was thin and tanned from excessive work outside, and a yellowing bruise covered his entire right cheek. A thin, lightning-bolt shaped scar was just barely hidden under his hair on his forehead. He was nine years old, but looked no older than seven. He moved quickly and quietly towards the kitchen, careful not to make any noise less he awake his relatives. He opened up one of the cabinets and, careful not to move many things, grabbed two slices of bread from one of the loaves. He put everything back to the way it was and began to nibble on the bread. As he did this, he moved to another cabinet and pulled out a small cup. He turned the tap on just slightly so the running water couldn't be heard by anyone, and waited for the cup to fill up. He quickly drank the water and finished the bread, before quietly washing the cup and placing it back in with the rest. Satisfied, he made his way back to the cupboard. He shut the door as softly as possible and closed his eyes, willing the door to lock back. It did and he grinned slightly. That was a trick that he had learned only a few months ago, but it was helpful, especially on days, such as this one, where the Dursley's did not feed him. He'd gotten in trouble that morning for burning the bacon and, as such, had been denied food. Harry Potter would never let anyone know about his little trick for unlocking and locking doors. Uncle Vernon would surely beat him for being such a freak if he knew. For now, it would be his secret and his secret only. He fell asleep fairly quickly to dreams of a smiling red-haired woman, a playful stag that chased a big black dog around a room, and a laughing man with several scars littering his body. He awoke to Aunt Petunia banging on his cupboard door, demanding he get up and make breakfast. He was smiling when he entered the kitchen, trying to remember his dream. That seemed to make Uncle Vernon mad, so Harry spent the rest of the day doing chores and trying not to think about the new pain in his ribs. It was nearly three in the morning. Azkaban was dark and frigid and filled with the screams of prisoners. Dementors floated around its stone walls, patrolling the halls and bringing misery to its inhabitants. The sky was pitch black, clouds blocking out even the moon, and waves crashed against the stone shore. In one of the cells lay a large, but skinny, black dog. He was curled up in the corner of the cell and twitching slightly. Large, dark eyes stared at the wall and every now and then, whimpers would escape the form. The dog was none other than Sirius Black, convicted Death Eater and murderer. For him, it was just another day in Azkaban, where he'd been residing for the past eight years. He'd lost hope of escaping the prison seven years ago. He was innocent, but he was the only person who knew that. Except Pettigrew. A growl escaped the dog at the thought of the rat. He got up and began pacing his cell, overgrown claws clicking against the stone floor. Screams from surrounding prisoners entered the cell but he ignored them, blocking them out. The temperature in the cell suddenly dropped nearly ten degrees. It had already been cold, as winter was on its way, and the dog quickly went back to his corner, curling up in a ball and shivering, whimpers escaping its lips. A few dementors passed by the cell and floated down the hall. The dog waited for the temperature to return back to normal before he suddenly transformed back to human. Where the dog had previously stood, not stood a pale, emaciated man with long, dirty black hair, and sunken grey eyes. His clothes hung off of his body due to his skeletal form and he sat in the corner, drawing skinny knees to his chest, and stared at the wall. "I'm innocent," he whispered under his breath, voice only audible to himself. He licked his dry lips and a humorless laugh escaped his lips, "Innocent. Innocent. Innocent." He kept this up, a quiet mantra, until the cold came back. He transformed back into a dog and curled up. He kept seeing that night over and over again, when he arrived at the Potter's home, to find James and Lily dead and little Harry, bleeding from his forehead, crying for his parents. He whimpered and cried and mentally screamed for James to wake up. Innocent. Innocent. Innocent. The dementors passed by again, and Sirius Black fell into a fitful sleep. Draco Malfoy was not one to be up at such times (it was only five in the morning) but a nightmare had awakened him. He lay in his bed, staring at his ceiling, silent tears traveling down his pale cheeks, and did his best to forget the dream. He could not go to his parents with his nightmare. His father had made it abundantly clear that if he awoke them in the middle of the night with such childish nonsense, he would curse him until Draco couldn't feel his body. Draco did not doubt that his father would follow through with the threat. Malfoy's were meant to be strong. They were not meant to go crying to their parents because of a stupid dream. In fact, he shouldn't even be crying right now. Father would be furious if he saw him. A Malfoy, crying over a stupid dream about monsters… pathetic. For a moment, he considered calling Dobby. Dobby would surely offer some comfort, and he could order the House Elf not to tell his parents. He would not do that, though. He didn't want anyone, not even a House Elf, seeing him so vulnerable. So, he nodded, forced himself to stop crying, and slowly got out of bed. He would read. That would distract him. He grabbed the nearest book that he could get, one about magical creatures, and settled down on the windowsill to read in the moonlight. It was a full moon. Around seven o'clock, Remus Lupin came to in his cellar. A small groan escaped his lips and he slowly pushed himself into a sitting position. He was completely naked, and was rather bloody. Dozens of wounds littered his body and he grimaced as he pushed himself to his feet and stumbled towards his door. The full moon had been a difficult one. Every full moon since it happened had