Hey Guys! Anyway, here's the new story that I mentioned in my A/N in 'The Jackson Legacies'. This fic, as you can see, will NOT be about an OC, but Perseus Jackson himself... Honestly, I do not have any idea on what to write for the first A/N's. But anyway... To those who actually like my story 'The Jackson Legacies', don't worry, I won't be discontinuing it. I have an unfixed schedule of updates, however, I do know how I want to update. Now that the first chapter of this story is now up and running, I will be working on chapter 7 of my other story, when I finish that, I'll work on this one's second chapter. Anyway, I don't own PJO, HoO, or any characters in the story; Rick Riordan does. The only thing I own is the plot and maybe some OC's (if I do put any). And besides, if I did own PJO and HoO, Percy definitely wouldn't have ended up with Annabeth... Annabeth: Sorry, what did you say Jonathan? Jason also wouldn't have ended up with Piper (She's too cool for him)... Jason: Wait, what do you mean... Piper would've ended up being a badass hunter... Piper, that's your cue... No? Okay... Leo would've ended up with Reyna... Reyna and Leo: WTF?! But still, Solangelo and Frazel remains untouched, just because they're both cool. Percy sat down on his couch, a cup of hot cocoa in his hands. He felt cold, which is unlikely, seeing as he was the Titan of the winds, all of them; North, South, East, West. He looked up from his cup and stared out of the window. His abode was small; just enough for his needs. It was a one-bedroom house with a small living room and kitchen ( A/N: There were no bathrooms back then ). He was in his living room, his couch, which is where he sat, was pushed against a wall, low and small table placed in front of him. A window placed to the right side of the room, the one he was staring out of. A tapestry hung in front of the couch; when lifted up, the tapestry reveals a secret passage only Percy can open. He sat close to the window, the smoke from his drink floating out of the window, into the dry and freezing winter air of Othrys. Someone knocked on the door and Percy stood up, folding his majestic, black wings behind him. He put his cup down on the table and went out of the living room. He walked down the hallway, passing the door to his bedroom, then kitchen. When he was in front of the door into his house, he opened it to see four of his uncles: Atlas, Pallas, Perses and Lelantos, all standing on his lawn, all donned in full celestial bronze battle armour. Atlas, Pallas and Perses all had menacing looking spears out, spearheads of Celestial Bronze and Imperial Gold sharpened to perfection, all promising death. Lelantos had his bow in hand, a quiver of grey, bronze tipped arrows hanging from his waist. Atlas stepped forward. "Perseus, my dear nephew," he said, "We have been sent by our King, Lord Kronos. He says to bring you to the council room immediately. He also added to use force, if necessary." Perses stepped froward. "Please, nephew," he said, spreading his arms, "Don't make this hard for yourself. Surrender peacefully." Percy just looked at them curiously, remaining oblivious. Well, on the outside at least. Inside, he was panicking. He knew what he did and why they would come up to him and ask him to surrender. Someone must have seen him and reported to Kronos. That damn Hesperide , Percy thought angrily. Line Break Flashback: Othris was celebrating; for no apparent reason, really. Most of the Titans were spoiled brats that aren't wise in spending time, so that pretty much explains the almost day-to-day non-stop partying. Kronos even hired a new cupbearer; his name was Zeus. Percy, the son of Eos and Astraeus, Titan of Night, Day, Daily Cycles, and the Four Winds, walked into the throne room, where the party was being held. He wore a simple light, royal blue tunic. Nothing extravagant. His tunic had slit at the back, letting his mighty wings free. His wings were as black as night, soft but impenetrable and were able to fly at incomprehensible speeds. The wings were at least six feet long each, creating a wingspan of twelve feet. His hair, like his wings, were as black as night, his eyes, sea green, with little specs of sunset orange around the edges. He had a bow in the form of a bracelet he was wearing, and a sword hung from his side in a scabbard. He strode in confidently, as if with a purpose; and he did have one. Her Highness Queen Rhea, has given him a mission, "Protect Zeus, and whomever comes out with him, at all costs; but remain vigilant." were here exact words to him. Apparently, her last child, was actually Zeus, and Kronos was tricked to swallow a rock instead of the baby. Now this Zeus guy, who was currently serving drinks, should know that Percy is there to help him. Percy looked around the room, his green eyes scanning the area for Zeus. He saw him walking up to Kronos with a cup on a tray. The cup contained ale ( A/N: Dionysus isn't here yet, that means no wine. ) mixed with mustard and other spices, designed to make Kronos barf out his five other children. Zeus had to make sure that there were no sketchy smells in the ale, so he had too put something to change up the smell, making it more ale-ish. Zeus gave Percy a small nod as he watched him from afar. He was informed of him by his mother, Rhea, before she sent him here to rescue his siblings. Percy watched as Zeus went up to Kronos and gave him the ale. Kronos took the cup from him and waved him off. Zeus went away but stayed after a couple paces. He was far enough to not seem suspicious but near enough to help his siblings if need be. Percy watched as Kronos just kept smiling and laughing with other titans. Percy couldn't help but smirk, "Oh, dear King," Percy muttered under his breath. The mixture should take effect anytime now , he thought, then started counting mentally. Ten. Nine. Eight. Seven. Kronos moved over to Krios and started to share jokes with him. Six. Five. Four. Three. Kronos face scrunched up in pain, his stomach started to grumble. Two. Krios looked at him with concern and stepped towards him. One. Kronos' face, if possible, looked even more in pain. He hugged his stomach, as if he was going to vomit. Zero. His eyes went wide, and as did his mouth; he started gagging. All noise and music stopped as everyone looked at their King. Kronos fell to the floor, holding his stomach in pain. His mouth opened wider, until was wide enough to swallow a spear, when a rock the size of a baby was spat out. Everyone gave it weird looks until a man with black hair and sea-green eyes came out. He seemed to have a natural tan and a neatly trimmed beard. He was wearing an ocean-blue tunic. After him came out a man with pale olive skin, dark, black hair which was slick to perfection, and a cleanly trimmed goatee. He head black, obsidian eyes and wore a black tunic. And then a woman was spat out, she had long curly brown hair and soft onyx ox-like eyes ( A/N: According to Percy in one of the sideline books, that's a compliment in Ancient Greece. ). She was wearing a pure white chiton that resembled a wedding dress. Then came another woman with long wheat colored hair, brown eyes and a green dress. And lastly, came out a woman with soft, curly brown hair, warm hazel eyes, and fair skin. She had on a fiery red dress, a complexion of red and orange hues. . All of their clothes were wet with saliva, seeing as they just came through Kronos' mouth moments ago. Everyone stared at them in shock, while they stared back at everyone else with the same reaction. The silence and staring contest lasted for a minute until the man wearing blue broke it. "'Sup," he said awkwardly, "Uhh, I'm Poseidon, these are my siblings: Hera, Demeter, Hades and Hestia," he said, pointing them out separately. The woman in the white chiton was Hera, the woman in the green dress was Demeter, the man in black was Hades and the woman in red was Hestia. Everyone stood there awkwardly, not going what to do, when Atlas suddenly screeched, "They're the ones destined to end our rule! Get them!" People sprang into action at once. Titans took out their weapons and symbols of power, summoning battle armour. Poseidon, Hera, Demeter, Hades and Hestia immediately started running for the exit, but not before Hades grabbed the rock. They burst through the doors and ran down the hallway. They kept on running, going down different hallways trying to lose their pursuers. Left. Right. Straight. Right. Right. Left. Straight. The dark hallways of Othris doing no effect on them. It was their first time outside their father's stomach, the wouldn't know when something was made with the impression of intimidation. Suddenly on their last turn, someone pushed all of them into a dark room. They were pushed through the door, and when they were all inside, a figure locked the door; the same figure that pushed them in there the first place. When they got their bearings, they were immediately on alert-mode. They looked around the room for any weapons. They couldn't find any, so Hades raised the rock threateningly at the person. They got a good look at their oppressor, he was the same height as all of them, around 6.2". He had semi tan skin, electric blue eyes, black hair and a beard that clearly hasn't been touched for at least three days. He had on a grey tunic, and had a sword hanging from his waist. He looked all of them over once, eyes filled with concern, when he opened the door, peeked around and closed it gain. "Good, you guys are fine, no scratches or injuries. It'll be best if we leave now, while there are no titans in sight. We're supposed to meet Perseus by the lounge, he'll help us escape through there." He said. "Wait," Hades said, "Who are you, and why are you helping us?" The man looked at them and said something that shocked them, "I'm helping you because mother asked me to. Well, our mother." he replied, "And as for your first question, my name is Zeus." Hades looked at Zeus curiously and then at the rock in his hands, "So, there's seven of us?" he asked. Zeus looked at him confused while Demeter face palmed. "How many times do we have to remind you Hades? That wretched rock is not our sibling!" "No! SSSHHHH, your hurting his feelings!" Hades replied, covering the rock's 'ears.' Zeus looked at them with an amused smile. "As much as I wan to know why Hades has taken a liking to a rock as his friend, we really have to go now if we want to get out of Othrys." They all went out silently and slipped into the the dark halls. They crept down without the slightest sounds. They went down hallways, turning occasionally. After a couple of minutes, they turned down another hallway, opening up to a large cavern with braziers ablaze and chairs and tables were laid out neatly everywhere. A bar filled with drinks sat at the corner. Sitting on one of the chairs was a winged man with black-as-night hair, green eyes