Green Goo & Twitching Members - A birthday collab for Born by Jayme TyZane and Shell Taylor " Bella Marie Cullen !" Bella cringed and ducked her head, then rolled her eyes for being so melodramatic. "Something wrong, honey?" she called, returning her attention to the two outfits she was trying to choose between. Edward appeared in the doorway of their en suite bathroom with his hands on his hips. Even after thirty years of marriage, he still made her heart flutter whenever he walked into the same room. Bella plastered a smile on her face as she tried not to laugh. Edward's outfit might be ridiculous, but he could sure as hell still pull off a tight tee. He pointed to the gray cotton shirt, clinging to every bulge and divot in his toned chest. Bella had to bite her lip to keep from laughing as she read the words again. Twink: Cream-filled dessert generally eaten first. Calorie-free. was splashed across the front in bold, colorful letters."You really expect me to wear this to Emmett's tonight?" "Well, why not? They loved the one you wore last time." Edward's eyes widened, and he pointed to the outfits on their bed. "Last time we matched and your shirt proclaimed how you love to give me blowjobs. This one … not so much! Why do you get to look respectable this time?" "Honestly, Edward. No one there wants to see me. They'll want to see you." Bella stepped forward and ran a finger down his chest. "You look hot as hell in that shirt by the way. It hugs you in all the right places." But Edward slapped her hand away. "Is that your explanation for these?" In one swift movement, he stepped back, grabbed the front of his pants, and jerked his hands forward. With a loud crrrchhhh , the velcro running up and down the sides of his pants tore free and Edward stood in front of her wearing nothing but a tight pair of bright green Andrew Christian briefs. And his Twink shirt of course. Couldn't forget that gem. Bella raked her eyes up and down her delicious-looking husband. "Yes. That's it exactly." Edward pointed at her face. "You so owe me for this." Quick as a fox, Bella stepped forward and grabbed his bulge. With a light squeeze of his balls and a messy kiss to his neck, she whispered, "And don't I always deliver?" Edward growled but he could tell by the look on Bella's face that his wife wasn't buying it. He'd go to her damn gay porn star's party in nothing but skimpy briefs if that's what she wanted and she damn well knew it too. Hell, it wasn't as if he ever got embarrassed-not even the time he'd bumped his chair into the glass wall during a Fourth of July party at their friend's house, immediately shattering the entire thing. Wasn't his fault the glass had been so fragile, and he'd really done everyone there a favor. The room had been sweltering in the July heat, but thanks to him, everyone enjoyed a nice breeze during dinner. Compared to breaking an entire wall in front of Fork's most prominent citizens, allowing Bella to show him off in front of her friends was nothing. Especially since he knew exactly how well his wife delivered on his promises. Besides, they never stayed long at these events. They'd get there early, have a few drinks, and then bail before the wild stuff started. No skin off his back and he'd have a revved up wife when they got home. Bella continued to stare at him-trying to look innocent even though they both knew she was anything but-and Edward finally cracked. A grin spread across his face and he batted her back toward the bed as he fussed with the velcro on his pants. "Hurry up and get dressed, woman, or we're going to be late." Bella sauntered to the bed and picked the outfit that showed off her tits. Score ! "I don't know about that, dear. In my experience, you're always right on time." Edward shook his head. "You're going to be the death of me." "You should be so lucky." Three hours later, at 9:17 on the dot, Edward pulled into the long driveway of their evening's hosts. "Exactly how wild did Emmett say it would get after the family part ended?" Bella winced and glanced at her husband, who looked significantly more nervous than he had when they'd left the house. She'd met Emmett online through a friend, and he'd graciously agreed to be the cover model in her latest BDSM book series. They got together every so often, but she never passed an opportunity to attend one of his parties. As far as Saturday night plans went, it was pretty damn hard to pass up the chance to ogle burly, half-(or mostly-)naked men grinding all over one another. "I'm sure it'll be fine. Emmett wouldn't have invited us to still come if he didn't want us here, and he said Jasper was really looking forward to seeing you tonight." Edward glared at her, and she felt a fresh wave of guilt. She knew spending the evening with a bunch of drunk, gay men wasn't her husband's idea of a perfect night out. "I'm sorry, okay! It's not my fault a tractor trailer full of bull semen crashed into another tractor trailer full of frozen mackerel and covered the entire road in fish drowning in bull jizz. At least you got to hang out with the hot cheerleaders while they cleaned up the road!" Edward perked up at the memory. Once the gridlocked drivers realized they'd be waiting for hours for the road to clear up, cars emptied and everyone began mingling. To Edward's complete delight, half of the Sonics cheerleaders had been several cars back, apparently on their way to some sort of retreat. Bella hadn't been surprised in the least by the way her husband managed to charm each and every one of them. There was something special about a man who could flirt with that many women half his age without making his wife feel the slightest bit ignored or jealous and then attend a party with nothing but gay men in attendance. After navigating the bull jizz fiasco, Edward turned off the highway where Bella directed him. It seemed he could never remember exactly where the turn-off was. Probably because deep down inside he didn't want to remember. "We're here!" "Don't roll your eyes at me, Edward." "There was no eye roll." "Pffffffft." The sounds of a party in full swing could be heard as soon as Edward turned the engine off. It was a good thing Emmett and Jasper had no neighbors living close by; hell that driveway seemed like it was a mile long for good reason. He helped Bella out of the car and led her up to the front door of the house. After no one answered their knocks, he turned to Bella and smirked. "I guess we got the wrong night." "Just open the door, Edward, They can't hear us with all the noise." Bella gasped when they walked into the beautiful home. The parties she and Edward attended previously had been NOTHING like this. As her head did a pretty good imitation of Linda Blair, she feasted her eyes on the buffet of brawn before her. Emmett and Jasper were banging out Liza's "Cabaret" at the piano, clad only in matching leopard thongs, while other hot nearly nude men lounged near the piano enjoying the performance. There was more leather and chains in the room than at any Harley dealership Bella had ever been to. And it was the stuff that BDSM writers' dreams are made of. She stopped drooling when Edward poked her in the side and hissed, "What the hell, Bella?" She rolled her eyes at him and followed his gaze. Staring back at them was one of the most handsome men Bella had ever seen. He was extremely tall, with dark eyes and brown wavy hair that seemed to be waiting to be messed by someone's fingers. His temples were streaked with gray that looked more like chrome, and he was wearing low-slung jeans with blue briefs peeking out of strategically placed holes. Edward groaned at her. "Why do they always pick you out of a crowd?" Before Bella could mutter that it wasn't her the man was looking at, their hosts were upon them. "Bella! Edward! We're so glad you finally got here!" Emmett greeted them warmly. His partner, Jasper, was much more enthusiastic. He kissed Bella's cheek then grabbed Edward in a bear hug and lifted him up off the ground, swinging him around, much to Edward's surprise and Bella and Emmett's delight. "Jeez," Edward groaned. He hadn't ever been picked up by a man before, especially not a near naked one. "Calm down, Jasper! I'll end up in traction and Bella will spend a fortune on new sex toys by the time I'm back in action." "Oh come on, Edward. You love it and you know it," Jasper crooned as he looked Edward up and down. "Bella, my dear, you've outdone yourself tonight - Edward looks good enough to eat." Bella was astonished. What happened to the mild-mannered Jasper she met all those months ago? He was the quiet one; the more ebullient Emmett was normally the center of attention but it seemed like they'd switched brains tonight. Emmett was quick to offer an reply to Bella's unasked question. "Stay away from the green punch," he whispered in her ear. "Jasper had two glasses and I've had to follow him around apologizing all night." Bella cackled at the thought. She knew how much Emmett and Jasper loved each other and she thoroughly enjoyed their company; imagining Emmett following Jasper around like he was a puppy on a leash made her laugh heartily. It also gave her a plot bunny for her latest novel, but she filed that information away for tomorrow. Leaning even closer to Emmett, Bella nodded her head toward the man she'd spotted as soon as they walked in, who was still eye-fucking her hubby. "Who's he?" she whispered, while Jasper fondled Edward's shoulders. Emmett grinned down at her. "You do have a good eye, don't you?" He put his arm around her shoulder. "That, my dear Bella, is Garrett. Jasper and I had a night with him a couple weeks ago and it… was… magical. The man has a mouth like a Dyson and knows how to wield a paddle like nobody's business." Bella hip-checked Emmett. "It's not nice to tease!" Before Emmett could respond, Edward made a desperate grab for Bella's arm. "Bella, hon. Don't you think we should get a drink and mingle some? I'm sure our hosts want to get back to their other guests." The look on Edward's face made Bella want to burst out laughing, but she managed to hold it in. Jasper had both arms wrapped around Edward's neck and his leg hitched on Edward's waist. Edward's hair stood out in odd places, presumably from where Jasper had mussed it with his fingers. Her normally calm, cool, and collected husband looked decidedly ruffled. "Down boy," Emmett said as he gently disentangled his husband. "Why don't we go find Seth and Embry and see if they want to dance?" "Ooh!" Jasper exclaimed. "I like dancing! I'll catch you later, tiger. Rawwrrrr!" With a wink and a swipe of his hand toward Edward, Jasper pranced off in search of the next guy to maul. Edward's horrified face was too much at this point and Bella finally lost it. Threading her arm through his, she tugged him toward the kitchen so they could get a drink. "Sorry about Jasper. Apparently, the green punch is potent." Edward huffed. "I feel violated." "Aww." Bella pulled Edward around and tucked their bodies close together. "I