Summary: Legolas, Aragorn and Gimli are on the hunt for some Uruk-hai's who took off with Merry and Pippin while Frodo and Sam continue their journey to Mordor. New adventures await the scattered Fellowship. AU. Extended summary inside. Extended Summary: Sauron's plan to take over Middle-Earth has begun and the dark Lord continues to torment Legolas' mind. Dark magic is at work across the plains of Rohan and it seems the Stars are slowly failing. Will sacrifices be made to save Arda from her destruction? Things you might want to know: 1) If you have not yet read Hannon le, mellon-nin , please read it first. This is part 2 and will make no sense if you don't :) 2) This contains movie verses with a few of my own twists. 3) DISCLAMER! : I don't own it :( 4) The idea about the stars is mine. Please do not use without my permission. Nin-dethro hîn, Mellon-nin. Chapter 1 - They may yet be alive. The Lady of Lothlórien was wondering the woods of her immortal realm, hand entwined with her husbands, the Lord Celeborn. Both walked silently through the thick forest and smiled at the peace that was within their realm. The birds were singing their early morning song while the wind gently caressed their ageless faces. Celeborn looked to the bright morning sky and smiled. Today was beautiful for the sun was slowly rising and no clouds could be seen. He thought it was a bit strange for such a fine day to happen near the end of Nénimë * February *. The weather within this month were usually cold and wet. Galadriel and Celeborn turned their attention to a group of guards scuffling in the distance. Both looked at each other and agreed silently to see what all the commotion was about. As they entered the clearing where the guards were, the March warden, Haldir, quickly ran towards them. "My Lord, my Lady." He bowed and quickly looked at his two royals with disgust "Saruman the white, wishes to speak with you." Galadriel faced her husband, who also face her and nodded before moving towards the Wizard that had betrayed them and the free people of Middle-earth. "Why are you here Saruman?" She asked as she narrowed her eyes. "Can an Old man not have council with the Lord and Lady?" The white wizard looked at the guards and smiled. Celeborn waved his hands and the guards were gone within a flash along with their Captain. "We will not be disturbed. They have gone many metres from this spot." He let go of Galadriel's hand and held it out. Galadriel then placed her own on top. "What is it you wish to speak about, traitor." The Lord growled at Saruman. " Mela min ." *My love* Galadriel sighed gently. Celeborn instantly relax but his gaze did not soften. Instead it became hard as he glared at the white Wizard before him. "Do my old friends not recognise me?" Saruman laughed at the Lord of Lothlórien as he furrowed his brow, trying to understand what the Istari meant. Galadriel's eye's widened as she heard a slight change within the Wizards voice. " It can't be?" She thought. Suddenly, a bright white light came from the Istari and blinded the Lord and Lady of Lothlórien. As the light slowly dimmed, the Wizards appearance started to change. Galadriel and Celeborn could not help but stare at the old man in front of them. " It cannot be true." The Lord whispered as he shook his head, shocked at the being that was now in front of him. A tear fell from Galadriel's starry blue eye's "Incánus?" She asked. The being that now stood in front of them, nodded as the smile apon his old face grew. Incánus watched as the Lady of Light ran towards him, letting go of her beloved's hand and embraced him as she cried happily. "You were gone. I could not see you within my mirror. Darkness had swallowed you long ago." She sniffed as more of her light tears rolled down her fair cheeks and onto the white robes he wore. Celeborn walked over to Incánus and placed a gently hand on his white robes. He watched as his love pulled away from their old friend and while she did, he said " Le abdollen, Tiri ér." *You're late, Bright one* The Lord smiled. " Sut nir' reil anoné wanwie sulhet animi dekirmaure? " *How many day's have passed since my departure?* Incánus asked as he looked at both of them, worry within his grey, blue eyes. " Kankea reil ." *Fourteen day's* The Lord took his beloved's hand within his and squeezed it tightly as their old friend cursed. "Incánus..." Galadriel drew the old man's attention "... Ta is quel a' anoné lle n'alaquel " *It is good to have you back* She smiled warmly and wiped away her own tears. The Lord and Lady's old friend smiled " Ta is quel a' lû n'alaquel. " *It is good to be back.* "Gandalf!" Frodo woke with a start. It had been three days since he and Sam had left the safe company of Aragorn, Legolas and Gimli as they both were now on their way towards the land were the dark Lord Sauron dwelled. "What is it, Mr. Frodo?" Sam asked as Frodo's shout awoke him. He knew that this was the first of many to come. "Nothing." Frodo said as he breathed in deeply, trying his best to forget about the dream that he had. "It didn't sound like nothing." Sam mumbled, hoping his friend didn't hear. Unfortunatly Frodo did hear "It was just a dream." The young Hobbit then went and slowly placed his head back down on his makeshift pillow. "What was it about?" Sam had remembered what his old Gaffer used to say: " If you ever have a nightmare, my dear Sam, speak about it. It's always best to share your dreams then to keep them bottled up ." Frodo turned from where he layed and faced his friend, his eye's looking down at his hairy feet. "I do not wish to tell you." "Oh, come now Mr. Frodo." Sam gently nudged Frodo's shoulder and smiled as he did " It's always best to share your dreams then to keep them bottled up." The brown haired Hobbit smiled "I see you have been asking you Gaffer some things?" Frodo laughed as Sam blushed "My dream was about Gandalf." His laughter died as he shuddered. "I dreamt that we were back in the mines. We were all watching as our dear friend fought that demon and then as they both plummeted into the darkness, Gandalf fought the beast while they were within the air." Frodo explained. "Suddenly, they both were descending in a cave that had a huge underground lake." Sam waitied for the next part but then realised from his friend's face that this was the point were he woke up. "Right then." Sam stood up and stretched his muscles that had tightened as he had been sleeping on hard stones all night. "I think we should start climbing down that wall, Mr. Frodo." The blonde Hobbit picked up his pack and tossed it over his shoulder swinging it slightly till it was safely secure on his back. Frodo gulped as he stood. "Are you sure there isn't another way round? Maybe we missed something?" The Halfling walked to the edge of the cliff and took a step back when he couldn't see the bottom. A thick layer of fog covered the bottom so the eye couldn't see it. "We searched the whole of yesterday finding one and we ended up going in circles." Sam pulled out the Elven rope, that he got as a gift from the Lady Galadriel, from his bag and un-did it. He then walked over to a rock that was in the right spot and tied the rope on it, creating one of his great knots he always bragged about. "There..." He said as he clapped his hands together. "Do you want to go first or me?" Frodo stared at Sam for a couple of seconds and wondered if the Hobbit was scared or not. He was truly frightened but this couldn't be as frightening as the land of Mordor. "I will." He finally spoke and rapped the rope round his hand, to make sure he had a tight, safe grip. The brown haired Hobbit then felt a hand apon his shoulder and faced his dear friend. "Be careful" Sam's eye's were full with worry for his young friend. When he saw Frodo smile, he smiled back and watched his friend slowly start to make his way down the cliff. Once he had waitied and watched for Frodo to get about a few metres away, Sam then gripped the rope tightly and made his way down also. "Can you see the bottom?" He shouted, his voice echoed throughout the other cliffs that were in the area. "No!" Frodo replied, looking up at his dear friend "Don't look down, Sam!" He then looked down himself and then looked back up noticing that Sam had stopped "Come on Sam, just keep going!" Sam nodded and then resumed going down. He didn't notice the wet rock he was about to step on and then he slipped causing him to hit the cliff face hard. Frodo's eye's widened as he saw Sam slip on the rock he had noticed as he made his way down before. Suddenly a small box fell from his friends bag. He heard Sam shouting "Catch it! Grab it, Mr. Frodo!" As the box bounced down on some of the rocks, Frodo caught it and smiled but it quickly faded as he realised he now didn't have enough grip on the rope and plummeted towards the ground. "Frodo!" Sam cried as he saw Frodo fall towards the ground. Frodo cried as he quickly fell. He had no clue how far down the bottom was. " I'm going to die!" His mind screamed but then all thoughts escaped him when his feet felt solid ground beneath him. The young Hobbit looked confused for a moment but then looked up towards Sam who was making his way quickly to him. "Urm, Sam...I think I found the bottom." Sam smiled as he made his way down "Thank the god's above for giving us such luck." His hairy feet felt the ground and he let go of the rope, jumping slightly as he felt his backpack fall slightly. "Valor." Frodo turned and smiled at his friend who now looked at him with confusion on his face. "Did you learn nothing from the Elves and Bilbo's tales?" "I tend not to listen Mr. Frodo." Sam blushed as he spoke the truth. He didn't really like listening to tales about history. "The Valor are the god's of this World Sam." Frodo explained. "They are the one's who created it, along with the Stars." He smiled at the thought of the three Stars he had met already; one that he was now great friends with, the lover of the future King of Gondor and the Lady of a realm and keeper of one of the great Elven Ring's of power. Sam made an 'o' shape with hs mouth and then laughed along with his friend. He turned back towards the rope and gave Frodo a look that couldn't be explained. Frodo continued his laughter as Sam gently tugged the rope and watched it fall to the ground towards him. The blonde Hobbit then laughed once more and picked up the now 'useless' Elven rope as they, again, began their walk towards the land of fire. " Merry!" Pippin whispered to his cousin that was bound, like him, on the back of one of the Uruk-hai. The youngest Hobbit was fearful for his beloved cousin for Merry had not woken for the