Summary: What If Legolas, Gimli, Boromir and Gandalf were with Aragorn at Bree to meet up with the hobbits? New adventures await the Fellowship. Extended Summary: The stars of the Valor are said to be the most blessed creatures on Arda but they are also cursed. If one star dies, they all die. Will sacrifices be made to save Arda from her destruction? Things you might want to know: 1) No Slash! Just Friendship ^.^ 2) This might contain some movie verses :) This is an A/U. 3) DISCLAMER! : I don't own it *Sniff* 4) The idea about the stars is my idea. Please do not use without my permission. 5) This is my first fanfic! So please be nice. Please don't point out the obvious like spelling mistakes, grammar and other useless things (: ENJOY! Hannon le, Mellon nin Chapter 1 - Into the wild "Excuse me?" Frodo asked A man; big built, old and hairy, appered over the counter with a mug in his hand. "Good evening, little masters. What can I do for you?" Pippin frowned not liking the tone of Butterburs voice and nudged Merry, whispering as quietly as he could. " I don't like him, He's very intimadating " " I know Pip... but don't worry, as soon as we find out where Gandalf is, we can go " " Oi! Both of you, shut up, Mister Frodo is talking " Sam wasn't happy. He hated that Butterbur was intimadating just as much as Pippin did. They all turned there attention back to Frodo and Butterbur. "If your seeking accomodation, we got some cozy 'Hobbit-sized' rooms avaliable. All proud to cater to the little Folk, Mister...?" "U...Underhill" Merry and Pippin looked at eachother. Sam stepped towards frodo and whispered " What are doing? Why aren't you telling him you actual name?" Frodo turned and looked back at Sam. He could tell that he wasn't too impressed and niether were Pippin and Merry. Frodo turned and started to walk towards them. " I cannot tell him my real name. There could be a spy amongst us and I do not wish to see the end of middle-earth so soon. We have only just started this adventure. We do this for Gandalf" He turned back around to ol' Butterbur who was had his head tilted and a look of confusion on his face. "I'm sorry about that" Frodo said. "Well that's alright Mister...Underhill." "We are friends of Gandalf the Grey. Can you tell him that we've arrived." Butterbur once again tilted his head "Gandalf?" Silence. "Ohhh, yes...I remember. Elderly chap. Big grey beard, pointy hat." A smile crept upon Frodos face. The other hobbits smiled aswell. "Not seen him for 6 months" Butterbur answered shaking his head. The smile from the Hobbits' faces' disappeard instantly "although there was creepy old man, just like Gandalf, who came in with 4 other men." Before turning around and walking back to his friends he gave his thanks to Butterbur. "What do we do now? Shall we go and ask what room this 'Creepy old man' is in?" Sam asked. "No. I do not think it is a good idea. We wait for Gandalf." Frodo replied. As much as he wanted to go and see if the 'old man' was infact Gandalf, he couldn't help but feel like he was being watched. Like someone was waiting for him to walk into thier trap. Laughter. That's all that hit his ears. Frodo was nervouse. He couldn't believe that Gandalf hadn't come. " He promised" Frodo thought " He promised me. Why isn't he hear?" Just as Frodo saw Pippin get up and walk towards the bar, he turned towards sam and asked where Pippin was going. Sam just sat there sipping his Ale. " I don't think he heard me. I'll try again and see if that..." but just then Sam looked at Frodo with a look of Distgust. "That fellow's done nothing but stare at you since we arrived." Frodo slowly looked towards the man. He tryed to make out his features but because of the lighting where the man was sat, he only saw the man wearing a hood and he was smoking. Just as he was examining the man, another tall, cloaked figure walked towards the corner and bent down to tell him something. Frodo could tell that this figure was another man because of how brawd he looked even with the deep green cloak on although he could of mistaken him for a women because of his thin waist. " A friend? A companion?" The tall figure bent down and wispered into the mans ear. " Is that him? Is that Frodo?" "Yes, that's him." The tall figure started to figit "I do not like this." "Why? what's wrong?" desperation was in his voice. "Something approaches from afar. It is getting closer. We cannot stay here." The tall figure then turned and looked at Frodo. Frodo watched as the tall, cloaked figure approach the man, only to whisper something in his ear. How he had wished that he could be blessed with the hearing of the elves. The tall figure turn his head towards Frodo. Frodos eyes grew wide as he saw the faintest strand of gold come out of the figures hood. All of a sudden the figure smiled and put a finger on his lips, as if he was telling him to be quiet. The tall figure placed his hand on the other mysteriouse mans shoulder and walked towards the stairs. Frodo was shocked. " Am I supposed to follow him?" Frodo got up but then suddenly Butterbur walked into him. "You should watch were your going, Mister Underhill. Don't want you being taken away now, would we." A playful smile crept across his face. He was joking but Frodo, on the other hand, thought he was telling the truth. "What do you mean?" Frodos eyes widend. Then he turned his head slightly towards the man, that was now alone again, sitting in the corner. "It looks like you already know what I mean" Butterburs said as he raised an eyebrow at Frodo. Frodo wanted to know more about this mysteriouse hooded man and his companion so he turned his head back to butterbur and asked politely "Who is he? And who was that other man that travels with him?" "He's one of them Rangers. They're dangerous folk, wondering the wilds" Frodo looked back towards the man. He was more nervous than he was before. He noticed that Butterburs voice was slow. Getting deeper and quieter the more he talked "What his right name is, I've never heard. But round here he's known as Strider." There was a pause. Frodo looked back at Butterbur and asked "and his companions?" "I'm afraid I know nothing about his other companions, Mister Underhill. They're always wearing those damned hoods. All I can guess is that they are also rangers." Butterbur sighed and started walking away. "We need to go." Frodo stood up and turned around and started to pace walk to the door. He wanted to leave. He couldn't wait any longer for Gandalf. He knew it was a mistake leaving the Shire. He wanted to go home. "What do you mean we need to go? I thought we were waiting for Gandalf?" Sam got up as well and started running after Frodo. Merry also followed after them. Then he remembered. Pippin! "We have to get Pippin!" Merry and Sam turned back around leaving Frodo by the door and ran towards Pippin, trying to avoid the drunken men walking past, making their path even more difficult. "Pippin! We have to go" Sam shouted trying to get his attention. "Why are we going? We've just arrived." Pippin was confused. Merry grabbed Pippin by his elbow and pulled him from his seat and dragged him over to Frodo. As Frodo watch as his cousins and gardener walked towards him, he turned his attention to where Strider was sitting. He wasn't there. "Where is..." Frodo was pulled back from his thoughts only to hear Sam yelling his name. Frodo turned his head back to look at Sam but his line of vision was blocked. Someone was standing in front of him! He looked up to see who ever it was blocking his path, He couldn't believe what he was saw. Strider! Frodo took a step back only to trip over a leg of a table and fall onto the floor with a thud. Everyone turned around to see what the noise was. They all saw 'Underhill' lying on the floor but then a gold; shiny ring flung into the air and caught the attention of many men. Only to fall back down and slip onto Frodos finger. Many men gasped at what the saw. Frodo vanished. Frodo saw nothing. Pure darkness. He tried calling out but he found no sound coming from his lips. Suddenly he started to see a red light. Frodo narrowed his eyes trying to figure out what this mysterious light was until it grew. It was in shape of an eye, red, hot flames surrounding it. All of a sudden he could hear a menacing voice in his head. "The stars are veiled..." It was moving, slowly, towards Frodo. "...A sleepless Malice..." He tried to scream but he still couldn't find the sound. "There is no life…In the void." Frodo stumbled. The once so dazzling, Sapphire blue eyes were darkened by fear. He was afraid. He wanted to get away. He needed to get away. "Only…" Frodo brought his hand up and reached for the ring on his finger. He was panicking. He had never felt so scared before in his life! "…Death" Frodo then pulled the ring off his finger. He gave a large gasp and looked around. He tried looking for Sam, Merry and Pippin but he couldn't see them. Until he saw the same tall, thin figure drag his two cousins up the stairs and a new short and stumpy figure dragging Sam. Frodo was just about to get up and run to his cousins and gardener when suddenly he was grabbed by his shoulder and shoved rooughly against a hard, wooden wall. "You draw far too much attention to yourself, 'Mr. Underhill'." The voice was deep. He instantly recognized the figure as Strider. Strider then took a hold of Frodo's shoulder and shoved him forwards and up the stairs. He then opened a large wooden door and Frodo was thrown inside and landed by the fire place. Frodo quickly got up and looked around only to find Sam, Merry and Pippin knelt on the floor, gagged and their hands tied behind their backs. He looked up and saw the two figures that dragged them up the stairs standing behind them, one with a foot on Merry's back, the other with an axe in his hand. Frodo then turned his attention to another figure sitting in the corner shaking his head. He watched as his cousins looked up towards their captives, fear was painted across their faces. He turned his attention back to Strider "What do you want?" Strider turned around and shut the door. "A little more caution from you. That is no trinket you carry." "I carry nothing" He hesitated. He remembered what Gandalf told him. He cannot let the ring fall into the wrong hands especially in the hands of rangers. The figure in the corner of the large room got up and said "Indeed" then licking his index finger and thumb; he extinguished the light from the candles. He moved towards Strider and stood next him. Strider then turned back around and replied "I can avoid being seen if I wish… But to disappear entirely…" He then lifted his hand up towards his hood and took it off. "That is a rare gift." Frodo could finally see Strider face. He had Dark brown hair, almost black as the night. Silver