Chapter 1 – The lost, the broken, the dead When the cold of winter comes Starless night will cover day In the veiling of the sun We will walk in bitter rain But in dreams I can hear your name And in dreams We will meet again -O- " My Lord! It's the Queen. She's been attacked!" Thranduil shot out of his chair, ignoring the cries and shouts from his advisor's. "Where is she?" He urged, running towards the guard as the Elf held the door open for him. " She is in the healing wing." A pause. "They were attacked by Orcs." Thranduil halted. "By Orcs?" The guard nodded. "What of Legolas? What of the Prince?" The Elf looked to the ground, eyes turning dark with deep sadness. The King grabbed the guard by the collar "Where is my son?!" He growled, the guard flinched but said nothing more. Thranduil let the Elf's collar go and ran for the healing halls, his heart seizing at each step he took as he could feel the pain and suffering his wife was feeling through their strong bond. As he neared the halls, his people surrounded the entrance and Thranduil yelled at them to move out his way, those he had spent many long years with sending him saddened and pitiful looks that made him want to throw up the bile that threatened to spill past his lips. As he entered, he stopped short. Beds were full of the dying or the gravely injured, each with love one's at their sides, holding and crying, praying to the Valar to let them pass peacefully and or give them as much needed strength as possible for a swift recovery. He felt his soul ache as he looked at each crying elleth, ellon and hên . *she-elf, he-elf, child* He felt useless. He could not make their pain go away and a King should be able to lesson that by some amount... but right this instance, he felt like he couldn't move. The entire patrol that had taken the Queen and Prince out for a gentle stroll along his lands borders were lying within beds, even some of the border guards were here as well. " My King!" Sadron, the head-healer of his realm, cried and Thranduil felt himself immediately snap back to reality and ran towards the Elf. As he got closer, he saw who the healer was tending too and felt his immortal heart stop. "Calina ." He breathed, eyes tearing as he took a look at his dear wife and best friend's weakened and pale face. He knelt besides her bed, seeing her forest-green eyes turn towards his icy blue, tears running down her soft cheeks as she whimpered in hurt and sorrow. " It's going to be alright, my love ." He whispered as he kissed her brow, ignoring the gauze that covered up a deep cut and the dried blood on the side of her forehead. Thranduil looked up at Sadron, his eyes now darkening more so than before as he knew the answer to the question he was about to ask. "Where is Legolas, Sadron?" His wife let out a sob that caused the whole healing halls to go silent, all eyes upon them. Some of his people gasped when they realised that the Prince was no where in sight. Sadron turned his eyes away from his King. Thranduil choked when he immediately remembered the guard doing the same "Please, Sadron, where is my son?" he pleaded, something he had not done in a long time. " Thranduil." He turned to look down at his wife, those forest-green eyes now glassy and dull. He knew that look, had seen it in far too many times in his passed three thousand years. He had seen it far too many times in his sleepless nights as he recalled that day over a thousand years ago. That memory of friends dying by the cruel hands of Orcs on the vast plains of Dagorlad, the memory of his Adar ... He had thought that he would never loose a loved one again after that day but the world can be a cruel and terrible place sometimes. *Father* " Please, rest guren ." *my heart*. Thranduil said, holding onto his wife's hand, never letting his eyes leave her own. "No ." She whispered back. "I already feel myself being pulled away, Mela . I think I may not be able to celebrate our sons first birthday, to see his loving smile and the twinkle of stars in his gentle eyes." Her broken smile shattered his heart, the tears he had been holding all this time now falling uncontrollably. *love* " Please, please don't say that. Please, I beg you." He whimpered, kissing the back of her hand, feeling the coldness of her skin against his lips. " Our son..." Calina breathed "They took him. The-they took our precious Greenleaf." He didn't want to believe it. He sat their, still as if frozen by the great cold winds of the Caradhras. Orcs had taken his son. Taken him to a foul place where he may never see the light ever again. But why, why have they taken his son? " They left you a message my Lord." Sadron said as he finally looked up from the ground, hands searching in his robe for the ratted parchment that carried a dark message. He handed the parchment over to his King when he found it. "We know not of what it says." Thranduil took it with slight hesitation. Silver-red blood of his people and the black vile blood of the enemy mixed together, both pure and tainted soaked in the material. Through the blood was indeed written a message, black speech that he did not know what it meant. Only a handful of people outside of Sauron's forces knew and understood the black speech of Mordor. " Thranduil." Thranduil looked back to his wife, his grip on the piece of parchment tightening when he saw the shortness of breath leaving her. " Do not stop looking for him. " She whispered, all her strength finally fading. "Even if it takes a thousand years, do not stop looking for our child." The parchment fell from his hands, landing all-too-softly on the stone floor. " Mela. " A sob tore from his throat as he saw her eyes beginning to drop. " Do not let my passing bring never-ending sadness to you." She just had enough strength to form a small smile, the last of her tears now falling. "Just always re-remember that our Greenleaf is out the-there, alone and frightened. He nee-needs to be found." Thranduil nodded, tears falling quickly down his face as he kissed his wife's hand again and again. " If our leaf is ever found ,t-tell him I love him, that I love him more than anything?" He nodded, not hearing the sobs of his people as they witnessed the last passing moments of their fair and kind Queen. "And that I am s-sorry for not being able t-too protect him. I, I love you Thranduil, always and forever will you be in my heart." " And always and forever will you be in mine, dear sweet Calina." The Woodland King sobbed "The days from the moment I first met you were always a joy and I shall never forget your love. Rest now meleth and remember that I and our people will forever keep you close to our hearts for as long as our own hearts beat. May the Valar look after you." *love* Calina smiled her brightest one last time before she whispered her final words... "Hannon le, Melanín. Novaer ." -O- "Thranduil. Do not stop looking for him. Even if it takes a thousand years, do not stop looking for our child." Those sweet yet saddening words ran through Thranduil's mind as he sat at his desk, face in his arms as he leaned heavily upon the wood. " Aye my love..." He whispered "...But I did stop. I stopped so many years ago." It had been a little over two thousand years since his child had gone missing and he had lost the dear life of his wife. The lives of nine guards that went on patrol with them that day and also five border guards that were desperately trying to aid them, were gone forever as well. " My Lord." A small voice said at his door and he groaned when his thoughts were disturbed. " Have you ever heard of knocking, Tauriel?" He said, watching the red-haired Elleth walk into his study and stand in front of his desk. " I did knock about seven times, my Lord." She said with a sad smile, seeing her King in such a state as he was, was very common this day and age. His eyes having deep purple rings around them from the constant nightmares that plague his sleep and his eyes themselves were no longer that ice blue she was told so many times about, they were a dark sea blue, an endless pit of sadness and pain. Tauriel was born only seventeen years after the Queen had died and the whole of Mirkwood still wept for the Queen and for the Prince that was lost to the darkness, no-one ever knowing if the King's son was alive or not. She had been told many different versions on what had happened that terrible day but she would only believe one and that would be that of her King's. She had sworn to her King the moment she held the title of captain of the guard, that she would find his son and bring him back safely. "Tell me Tauriel, why do you sacrifice yourself for someone you have never met?" Thranduil's words echoed through her mind as she watched her King stand, remembering the day when she had ran into an Orc pack and nearly gotten herself killed. She remembered smiling as she lay upon one of the bed's in the healing halls, Sadron at her right while her King held her hand on her left. "Because, you had saved me from fading when my parents had died, saved me from the never-ending despair. I wish to return the favour by trying my best and bringing your son back to you...Even if I end up giving my life up in the process." She had passed out before she saw Thranduil's reaction. " Tauriel?" She snapped back to the present as she asked her King for forgiveness as she wasn't listening. Thranduil sighed "I asked what you are doing here." " Oh, yes." She stuttered. "We found a company of thirteen dwarves lost in the forest three morning's past, my Lord." " Dwarves? They know better not to enter my lands without my permission." Thranduil frowned. This was very strange for dwarves kept their distance from his forest, knowing that he would not tolerate any from entering unless said so. "Where are they?" He asked, brushing down his robe and twisting his frosted gem ring so it was straight on his finger. " They are in the dungeons, we had them put there as soon as we brought them here." She said, now walking out of the King's study, following her King to his throne. " They did not give you any trouble I hope?" He glanced behind, seeing four guards now following. " Nay, my Lord." She reported, walking in silence now as nothing more was passed between them. After a few minutes had passed and Thranduil had climbed the steps to his throne, turning his eyes down to watch as the four guards that followed got into position before him, Tauriel standing within the centre and giving him a bow when his eyes landed on her own. "There is one thing that bothers me." He muttered, sitting upon the wood and crossing a leg over the other. Tauriel