(an: This is my first THG fanfiction and I'm very excited. It's a long story that starts after the 72nd Hunger Games and will continue through the 74th Hunger Games. At its core, it is about a love triangle, but it has plot other than just that. There's also a touch of Hayffie.) (an2: Thank you so much for clicking on this story and I hope you enjoy.) -::- With My Last Breath -::- (Prologue: The 72nd Annual Hunger Games) -::- On a train speeding towards the Capitol, Madge Undersee accidentally pricked her finger on her mockingjay pin as she removed it from her powder blue blouse. She hissed through her teeth as she fumbled to close it. "They might consider that a weapon," quipped her district partner, the Seam's one and only Gale Hawthorne. He seemed far too calm about being sent off to certain death, in her opinion. "They'll allow it," Madge crisply said as she set it on her lap. Gale cocked his head to the side but did not ask her to explain her reasoning. That was for the best. Madge was not yet over the way her already-ill mother shattered into a thousand pieces in front of her only minutes ago during their goodbyes. Madge had no desire to discuss the past with a boy she hardly knew. "So, uh, this sucks," said Gale. Madge frowned. "It sucks worse for the people we left behind. Our parents, Katniss—" Gale irately snapped, "Katniss?" "We sit together at lunch every day," said Madge, flashing an innocent smile. It calmed Gale slightly. "I bet she visited you." "Yeah," he grunted. "She promised to take care of Posy and Vick and Rory." "That was kind of her," Madge commented, looking oddly uncomfortable. Gale shrugged. "I'd take care of Prim if she was in my shoes. That's what family does." Her sapphire eyes suddenly lit up. Gale never knew what to make of Madge Undersee. "So…" Madge bit her lower lip, uncertain if she should talk or not. "So she's family to you?" Gale huffed and stated coldly, "Obviously. Isn't she your best friend or something?" "I just always assumed you were in love with her," said Madge. Gale stood up and strode away. Madge turned her gaze to the blurry, emerald forest she could see outside of the window. -::- A few hours before mandatory viewing began, Katniss was perched atop a tree in the woods. She abandoned hunting after realizing it reminded her too much of Gale and what she had to witness later today. Instead, she climbed a tree to think. She ended up just listening to the birds. That was what she was doing now; she absorbed herself in the mockingjay song. Uneasily, she hummed a few notes. Her father was bolder about it, but it worked. All the birds eagerly jumped at the chance to mimic her small song. She wanted to stay in this tree forever, humming soft notes and listening to the trill of birds repeating it back to her. But the sun persisted in setting, and so she made herself descend. It was time to watch the Tribute Parade. Thirty minutes later, Katniss stood by herself, hanging behind most of the crowd. She looked up at the huge screen as the Hunger Games flickered on and illuminated the mostly dark Town Square. District 1 rolled into sight first. They received loud cheers from the Capitolian crowds. The tributes' names appear, as they always do. Ruby and Sheen. They were dripping with red gemstones and Ruby's brunette hair was adorned with crimson feathers. District 2 came next. Caius and Cassia. They wore plain, speckled grey outfits, but their muscles and severe expressions made them stand out as if they were wearing blinking lights. District 3 sped by. The scrawny kids looked half-broken in their metallic outfits. District 4 was clearly career this year. Siren and Seamus ate up the crowd in their billowy seafoam hued garments. District 5's boy looked petrified. Katniss only noticed the girl by the name of River because she was incredibly beautiful, more so than the girl from 1, but she was not as beautiful as Madge. District 6 received a lukewarm reception. District 7 had tributes who looked like they could kill. The boy, Aspen, was burly as could be. The girl, Conifer, looked like she could easily snap Madge in half and give Gale a run for his money in hand-to-hand combat. "You okay?" asked Prim's soft voice. Katniss looked down. "How did you find me?" Prim smiled coyly and shrugged. "I'm just special that way." She grinned and Katniss's heart briefly warmed. By the time Katniss looked back up, District 10 was featured. Cody and Marley. District 11 had two young kids who couldn't be more than fourteen. They looked starving, a bitter irony since they came from the district that produced food. Katniss held her breath as she waited for Gale and Madge. She finally could breathe again when they rolled into sight. Prim covered her mouth with both of her hands. They were both stark naked save for coal dust. Upon closer inspection, Madge had a black bandeau and small scarf wrapped around her like a skirt and Gale had a pitch black loincloth for his modesty. His expression made Katniss laugh. She felt like a terrible person for it, and it hurt to think about how he would be awkwardly laughing right beside her if it were anyone else up there. Katniss silenced herself and tried to pay attention. -::- The next day, Katniss sat alone at lunch for the first time since she was little. She did notice how much she ached without Gale, but she never really knew how much of a friend Madge was. To tell the truth, Katniss never understood why the wealthiest and most important girl in town would sit with a Seam rat during lunch but she never minded the company. She just was not foolish enough to think Madge was a real friend. But she was. She was , and Katniss only realized it now. Suddenly, someone sat down across from Katniss. He was breathing heavily, clearly worked up for some reason. She lifted her eyes from her lunch and saw Peeta Mellark. Her heart started to uncomfortably pound, the fear she felt when she encountered wild dogs sending a surge of acid through her blood. She. Did. Not. Want. To. Talk. To. Him. Ever since he threw her that bread, she watched him from afar. Emphasis on afar . "I saw you were alone and I just thought maybe it was hard without Gale and Madge," Peeta blurted out, stumbling over his words as he rushed to spill them. "They're your friends and I just thought maybe you needed someone and—" He suddenly stood up. "I bet you don't want me around. I—I shouldn't have done this. I'll see you around." Katniss considered telling him to stay, but he had sped off to the other side of the cafeteria before she could. It was for the best. She knew he was probably over there explaining to all the townie kids that he pitied her. She did not need pity. -::- The next viewing was for Interview Night. Katniss walked Prim to the Town Square. They stood in the cold night air and Katniss stared at the sparkling stars above for a few moments before she looked at the screen. It would be like any night. The training scores were displayed. Gale got a ten, and Madge a six. Those were not bad scores, especially for District 12. Katniss hated herself for beginning to have hope. "Madge Undersee!" Caesar announced, finally reaching Madge and Gale. She walked out, gliding easily and gracefully. Katniss was fairly impressed by how she could walk in those ridiculous shoes. Madge sat down and shook hands with Caesar. He grinned at the gesture he had not received all night. Katniss did not understand her feelings about Madge being dressed up like a doll in a barely-there light pink dress. It was wrong . "Such a polite girl!" Caesar remarked and the crowd cheered. "So, Madge, what's your favorite thing about the Capitol so far?" "The fashion and perfume," said Madge, a huskiness in her voice that Katniss had never heard. It struck the Seam girl as the weirdest thing on the planet. Madge was like a mouse; she was not sexy . "I just adore the dresses." She also was never that vapid . Katniss felt sick. "Don't we all?" Caesar flashed that confident smile again. "Alright, let's get to the question I've been waiting for all night. I believe your aunt participated in the Quarter Quell, the year your very own mentor took home the crown." "Yes," said Madge. She seemed very anxious and uncomfortable now and Katniss clenched her fists from anger. How dare they do that to a sweet, innocent girl? "She was a very clever tribute. We were all impressed," Caesar commented. Now Madge's cheeks flushed, either from embarrassment or anger. "I'm sure you'll impress us too! An Undersee victor would be such a fun time!" Katniss's heart lit on fire. She was nauseous now. "Now, Madge, the storied history of your dignified family aside," said Caesar eagerly, "you are by far the most beautiful girl this year." If that comment did not put a target on her back, she did not know what else would. "Thank you," Madge said graciously in the true styling of a politician's daughter. She recovered quite well from the mentions of her aunt, whoever she was. "You must have a fellow waiting for you at home. Or twenty." He and the crowd laughed and Madge joined in as politely as she could. Madge waved her hand and giggled. Katniss never heard her ever giggle either. Not once. "I don't, actually, Caesar." "Don't play coy," he ribbed in a surprisingly good-natured manner. "Anybody back home in 12 have your eye?" After a long silence, Katniss knew Madge was about to say something risky, or at least go off whatever script she was supposed to follow. "There… there is this one girl," said Madge, fixing her eyes on the floor of the stage. Her cheeks burned bright pink. "But I never had the guts to ask her out and I don't think she ever saw me as more than a friend, if that. We really just sit together at lunch." She grimaced, pained by the memories alone. Katniss watched from the Town Square, brow knit, picnic blanket bunched up in her dirty hands. There was no way in Panem Madge meant her . Caesar grinned, pearly teeth glittering in the spotlight. He turned to Madge and said, "Well, she can't refuse you if you come home a victor." Madge uneasily smiled, not exuding confidence for the first time so far. She did not seem to believe him. Thankfully for the mayor's daughter, the clock ran out that very instant and Gale strode onto the stage. When he sat down across from Caesar, every muscle in Katniss's body tensed. "Now, Gale Hawthorne, that ten was impressive!" He nodded and curtly said, "I expected it." Katniss narrowed her eyes. That did not sound like her best friend. He must have been given a two-dimensional character to play so that the Capitol could digest him. Caesar laughed. Gale remained stoic. "So tell me," Caesar said, "What's your favorite part about the Capitol so far?" "The food," grunted Gale. Now that Katniss could believe. The night dragged on. When Katniss left the Town Square and returned home, her stomach churning from the thought of her only two friends headed into the Arena tomorrow, Prim tugged on her hand. "Yeah?" Katniss asked her baby sister. "You're the girl she talked about," said Prim. Katniss shot her baby sister a bewildered look, even if she knew the comment about lunchtime was a dead giveaway. "What?" "Who else would it