I went to see Mockingjay and after this idea popped into my head. Let me know what you guys think. I really wanna know! Disclaimer: I DO NOT OWN THE HUNGER GAMES. Never ever will I ever own it. I only own this OC's and that is it. Everything else belongs to Suzanne Collin's brain, lucky thing. I moved a pile of papers to the side of my desk before letting out a small sigh. Looking down at the now organized desk, I felt a rush of calm. I had been here for hours, since before the sun had risen, and had been organizing ever since. I did this almost every year on this specific day, Reaping Day. No matter what I tried, I would feel the nerves just before I would lay down for bed and would never be able to find sleep. Instead, I would settle with organizing anything that I could get my hands on. It was something to keep my mind off the chance that my name would be drawn. This year, my last year of being in the pool, my desk just so happened to be calling my name and it wasn't long before I found myself sitting in my classroom. I was a teacher to the young children of District 4. It wasn't a job that someone my age would typically have in the districts, but my lack of talent in anything that had to do with the fishing industry was a call for an exception. I was allowed to teach, something that I found myself decent at, as long as I proved to be efficient. For the last school year, I had. I wasn't the best, but I was fulfilling my purpose and that's all that mattered to the ones in charge. It was summer now, and some of the children were enjoying the summer while others were working. I hadn't been to the school in for almost 2 months, leaving my desk to be a cluttered mess. I could feel it calling my name as I laid down in bed the night before, and that's how I found myself here in this empty classroom. I let another sigh escape my lips as I glanced up from my desk and into the room. Twenty smaller desks all lined in neat rows stared back at me and I felt the sadness creep into my heart. This may be the last time I see this room and that thought made me sad. I closed my eyes as I felt my hands start to shake. The nerves were making their return. I forced myself to take a few deep, calming breaths before I opened my eyes again. I looked out into the room and felt a small half smile tug on my lips. I would see this room again. I just needed to calm down. One more day and I could spend the rest of my life walking to and from this classroom without the fear of being tossed into the games. I gathered my things, which wasn't much, just a small cardigan that I threw on before leaving home to combat the cold ocean air. I tossed over my forearm and quickly left the room before I could think any more about what the day had in store. I locked the door behind me and pushed the keys back into my pocket while briskly walking down the hallway. My eyes caught a clock on the wall and I felt my stomach drop slightly when I realized that I had been at the school much longer than I intended. My brisk walk quickly turned into a full blown sprint. I made it home in record time and I wasn't sure if that was because of my speed or the sheer lack of people in the streets. I pushed open the door, throwing my cardigan on the table, and made a beeline for my room. My best dress and shoes were already laying on my bed and I praised myself for thinking ahead. I undressed and threw on the light blue cotton dress while simultaneously slipping on the white slippers that I only wore on special occasions. I was genuinely surprised that I didn't get stuck in the dress or fall over due to the speed I was going. I straightened out the dress, mindful of the delicate white lace around the middle, and glanced at myself in the mirror. I groaned. My hair was a mess, but I had no time to try and tame the blonde curls that had become a ball do frizz on the top my head. Instead, I quickly wretched it from the bun I had pulled it into this morning and tried my hardest to pat it down. I looked once again in the mirror and winced. If anything, it was worse. I sighed and started to quickly twist it into a sloppy braid that would hopefully keep it tame for the hour or more that I would be standing in town square. I didn't bother looking into the mirror this time, knowing that I would only have to urge to fix my hair even more. Instead, I walked out of the room, checking to make sure everything was right before walking out the door and nearly running right into the flash of red that met my eyes. I let out a little gasp and my right hand reached for my heart, as if it stifle its pounding. My dark brown eyes met the bright green one of my best friends and I let out the breath I was holding. "Annie!" I scolded despite the small smile that made an appearance on my face. "What are you doing here? You should already be in town square. The Reaping starts in 6 minutes! It won't do for us to both be late!" I grabbed her hand into mine and started pulling her down the street as fast as my feet would allow me in slippers. I heard Annie's carefree laugh behind me, "I couldn't very well break tradition, could I?" she yelled as she was dragged along. I smiled at that. Annie and I had been friends since we were very young. We went through school together and we went through training together when we were being taught about the fishing industry. When we both turned 12, and it was time for us to enter the pool to be reaped, Annie had shown up on my doorstep on Reaping Day. I can still remember the small forced smile on her face as she reached for my hand. I remember feeling infinity better with her hand in mine, infinity braver and I wiped the tears from my cheeks. Ever since that day, Annie has showed up at my doorstep and we have gone to the Reaping together, hand in hand. Annie and I rounded the corner that led to the town square with just a few meager minutes to spare. We spent no time trying to catch our breath and immediately went to get checked in. When we were both set, my hand quickly found Annie's again and I led us both to the 18 year old female section. We found comfortable spots on the outside of the group, beside the walk way that separated the males and females. We had just settled, hand in hand, when Velvet Rainmaker walked out on to stage decked out in what I presumed were the Capitol's latest fashion statements. I felt Annie's hand squeeze mine, just as it did every year, as Velvet's high pitched voice echoed across the District. It was the same stuff every year, the Capitol trying to justify its actions through words and video. I blanked out completely, not caring to listen to the same spiel that they had been telling us since before I was born. I could practically recite the whole thing. I was off in my own little word. My blank stare pointed towards the stage as I imagined what life would be like after my last reaping. I would be a full time teacher, surrounding myself with children and smiling faces. Maybe I would find a husband and settle down. The likelihood of children was low. Of course, I had always wanted children, but I couldn't imagine bringing another innocent soul into a society that actively participated in killing games and thought of them as entertainment. It was sick. I was softly nudged out of my inner thoughts by Annie and I noticed that the beginning ceremony had ended. I felt my stomach twist as Velvet pranced across the stage and stopped in front of the microphone. "It's time to announce our tributes!" Velvet's high pitched voice echoed throughout the square. "Ladies first!" She sang as she shuffled over to glass bowl on her left. She carefully reached into the bowl and plucked out the first slip of paper that her hand touched. She clutched it in her hand before walking back over to the microphone. She positioned herself in front of it before unfolding the piece of paper and announcing the name of the poor soul that would be entering the death arena. I felt Annie's hand clutch mine tighter and the twist in my stomach become more violent. I squeezed her hand back to keep myself from shaking too violent as I could feel myself start to shake a bit. With a racing heart and an Annie clutched in my hand, I waited. "Annie Cresta!" I felt the breath that I hadn't even known I was holding release from my chest. It wasn't me. Not me. I was free. I was safe. The feeling in my stomach dissipated and I went to let go of Annie's hand, knowing that we were safe for the rest of our lives. But as I loosened my grip, I felt Annie's grip become deathly. I tried once more to pull my hand from hers, but she only gripped tighter if it was possible. I felt myself grow confused. We were safe, so why was she reacting this way? My confused gaze shifted to her and I was nothing short of shocked at what I saw. Annie wasn't looking at me. Instead she was looking straight ahead, but that wasn't what caused my heart to drop to the very tips of my toes and my stomach start to twist again. The color in her usually pink cheeks was gone, leaving a sickly grey color in its place. The eye that I could see was rimmed red and I could see the tears pooling in them. I watched as the first one escaped her beautiful green eye and travel down her face and halfway down her neck. "Annie Cresta, where are you dear?" Velvet's voice echoed across the square again and that's when I realized. How could I be so stupid? So selfish? I instantly clutched her hand in mine own again, unwilling to let go. I felt throat close up and I desperately wanted to let out a strangled sob. But, I held it. I had no right to cry. It was not my name that was called. It was Annie's. Beautiful, blissful, fragile Annie. Annie – who sobbed for hours the first time we were taught how to spear fish in school and who had a panic attack and nearly fainted the first time we had to gut and clean them. Caring Annie who held me for almost 24 hours when my parents died. Sweet, sweet, fragile and caring Annie who was the last person that deserved this. I knew immediately, deep down, that she would not make it out of the arena. She would just be another nameless face that suffered the same fate as hundreds of other district children. I knew that if she by some miracle did make it out, that she would not be the Annie that I know now. She would change. She would be