A/N: This was written for the Quills and Parchment FB groups one-shot challenge Not Quite Human. Prompt: The theme this round is "Creature Fic." For this competition, creature is defined as a semi-human magical being who is either born as a creature (veela, metamorphagus, giant, etc) or made a creature through a traumatic event (werewolf, vampire, etc). Alpha read by the fabulous brownlark42! She's like the first night you can sleep with your windows open in the spring. Gabrielle Delacour, recent graduate of Beauxbatons Academy of Magic, was being summoned home. She hated being summoned home. She had just set up her apartment in Paris' La Ruelle Magique, she had only been here a week! And here was her maman's owl holding a missive out for her to return home. Gabrielle could only hope that this didn't have anything to do with the silly society debut her mémé had suggested the last time she was home over the winter holidays. Gabrielle let out a heavy sigh as she fed the owl and shooed him on his way. She had her own owl she would reply with later. Gabrielle finished her tea and breakfast and headed to her job in the Ministère de la Magie. Today was her first day, and she was both excited and nervous. She was going to be starting as an under secretary's assistant in the Department of International Magical Cooperation. It was her stepping stone to a career in politics. Her father had no sons, nobody to take over the Delacour seat in the Magiciens Judiciaires. It was Gabrielle's ambition that she would assume the Delacour seat, perhaps even ascend further to the Confédération Internationale des Sorciers. She didn't have time for a society debut, let alone the husband she would be expected to take. It wasn't her fault that her older sister had married so far beneath the Delacour family. Gabrielle put the letter from her maman out of her mind for the day, she needed to be focused for her first day at the Ministère. The day flew by and her job was everything she hoped it would be, she had even sat in a conference with members from the British Ministry. On her first day! Gabrielle was happy as she walked back to her apartment that evening. She had forgotten all about the letter from her maman. Upon entering her apartment, Gabrielle was startled to see that not only her maman, her papa, and her mémé were sitting at her kitchen table. She hadn't even told them where she lived yet! How did they get in? "Maman! This is a surprise," Gabrielle said as she came forward to kiss both of her maman's cheeks. She went around the table, greeting each of her elders. "Gabrielle, we had to take matters into our own hands after you didn't answer my letter this morning," Maman scolded her with a sniff. Gabrielle rolled her eyes as she turned to her stove to began preparing tea for the four of them. "Today was my first day at the Ministère, I couldn't hardly miss that to return home! It would compromise my whole future," Gabrielle explained as she turned back to the table with the tea tray. "Sit down, Gabby," Papa said softly. Gabrielle looked at him with concern, he hadn't called her Gabby in years, it was her childhood nickname. Something must be very wrong if all four of them were here and her father was calling her Gabby. She sat and poured tea for the rest of the group, waiting for one of them to say something. "Well, are you going to explain?" Gabrielle finally asked when nobody else had spoken for several moments. "Gabrielle, what do you know of your Veela heritage?" Mémé asked sipping at her tea. Gabrielle scrunched her brows in thought, "I know you are a full Veela, Mémé. And that Maman is half-Veela, which makes Fleur and I quarter-Veela. Hardly enough power there to even turn heads." Mémé chuckled at her response, "You are almost correct. You know there are no male Veela, correct?" Gabrielle nodded. She didn't care that much about being a Veela, it was somewhat convenient in the looks department, but Gabrielle had never wanted to be known for her looks. She was much less shallow than Fleur, she wanted people to know her because she was smart, and ambitious. "The Veela heritage is passed down through the woman, and it's a lottery in each generation what will be passed along. We do know that any woman less than a quarter-Veela won't be able to give birth to a full-blooded Veela. You are correct, your maman is half-Veela and Fleur is quarter-Veela. But you aren't," Mémé explained. "What do you mean, I'm not quarter-Veela? What am I? Half? None?" Gabrielle rapid fire questioned her mémé. Had she been lied to her whole life? Or had she only assumed she was quarter-Veela because Fleur was and that's how genetics worked? At least, it seemed that's how genetics worked on normal species. "You are a full Veela," Maman told her in a grave voice. "How do you know? I haven't done anything a full Veela can do. When I get angry I don't turn into a harpy! I don't grow wings! You must be wrong," Gabrielle insisted. She couldn't be full Veela. She didn't know that much about her Veela background, but she did know that being a full Veela meant she would never be able to sit on the Magiciens Judiciaires let alone the Confédération Internationale des Sorciers. "We've known since you were born, Gabby. We wanted you to have a normal life, to not be burdened…" Mémé hissed interrupting her papa. Papa glared at Mémé, "To not be burdened with this knowledge as a child." "Och," Mémé grunted. "It's not so bad as all that being a full Veela. But your papa is right, we did want you to have as normal a childhood as possible." "All right, check for a normal childhood. Now what is so important that it couldn't wait until the weekend?" Gabrielle asked refilling her teacup. "Your birthday is in a month," Maman said. "I'm aware of when my birthday is, Maman," Gabrielle replied with an eye roll. "When you turn 18, your full Veela powers will come into effect. You will need to take the time to learn them. You'll need to spend the time with Mémé so she can teach you. And you are required to mate," Maman told her brusquely. Maman hated when Gabrielle sassed, it's why Gabrielle was so good at it, she'd had lots of practice. "If I'm a full Veela will I be able to take your seat on the Magiciens Judiciaires, Papa?" Gabrielle asked, even though she already knew the answer. "You know the answer to that, Gabby. Even if you obtain excellent control over your abilities, you will not be able to sit on any government seat that has the potential to sway the public," Papa replied. "Putain!" Gabrielle shouted slamming her teacup onto the table, breaking it into three pieces. "Gabrielle!" All three shouted in shock and disapproval. "Well, it's not your future that is completely ruined, is it? Why didn't you tell me? You knew what my aspirations were. I've had the same dream since I was eight!" Gabrielle stood from the table, knocking her chair over in her agitation. She waved her wand to clean up the spilled tea and broken teacup, then began pacing her small kitchen. In her anger, Gabrielle didn't notice the small wings that had sprouted at her back and through her robes, they flapped in annoyance. Her hands sprouted long talons at the end of each nail, as she clenched her fists while she paced, the new talons bit into her skin, causing her hands to bleed. "Gabby," Papa said, gesturing to her hands. Gabrielle looked down at her hands in shock. What happened to her? What were these talons doing here? She looked up at Mémé with horror written over her face. "This - it's - oh dieux," Gabrielle muttered staring at her hands. The blood continued to drip to the floor before her maman leapt into action. She cast a healing spell at Gabrielle's palms and a cleaning spell at the floor once the blood had stopped. "You will have to come home with us Gabrielle," Mémé told her. "I'm sorry about your job, but as you can see, you need to learn to control your power. Once you can, you'll need to mate. We have a list of…" "What do you mean, mate?" Gabrielle snapped at her mémé with narrowed eyes as she retook her seat at the table. Gabrielle had no plans to get married and become some housewife. "Veela mate for life, we'll be hosting your societal debut in hopes that we'll find you a mate as soon as possible. We aren't like werewolves, anyone you are compatible with will be an adequate mate, there is no one true mate out there for you," Mémé explained. "What kind of timeline am I on?" Gabrielle asked in a quiet tone. She was thinking very quick, she had a month to learn to control her powers and then what? Find a mate. Could she at least return to the Ministère? "Once your powers are under control, you'll have another month, possibly two in order to find a mate and complete the mating bond," Mémé explained. "You expect me to find someone to spend the rest of my life with in three months?! Are you all insane?" Gabby exclaimed, throwing up her hands in frustration. "Not someone, a man. Full Veela have to mate with a man or wizard. No werewolves, vampires, metamorphmagi, women, or witches; man or wizard only. It's required to pass on the Veela genes and cement your power," Maman explained. Gabrielle stood again and paced away from her family, deep in thought. She turned and glared at her parents and Mémé, how could they have done this to her? How could they have hidden such an important piece of her life from her? And then let her start a new job all before yanking it away from her? She didn't understand, there seemed to be something else going on here. "I'm not leaving until you tell me why," Gabrielle said, a mulish look on her face. She crossed her arms over her chest as she leaned against the counter. She did manage to keep from stomping a foot. "Gabby - " Papa began. "Don't you Gabby, me, Papa! I went 18 years without you telling me such a vital part of my life. You let me go all through school, graduate, get an apartment, start my very first job and on the very first day of my very first job, you barge in here and tell me I have to go home! And that I'm a full Veela! And that you have been LYING to me for my entire life! So, I want to know why. Why did you lie? Why let me get an apartment? And start a new job?" Gabby huffed out in one breath, giving a death glare to her family. Mémé stood up and came forward, handing Gabrielle a piece of parchment. It was a letter from Conseil International de Veela, it was three pages long and it scolded her grandmother for not bringing Gabrielle forward and presenting her for the Conseil. "What is this Conseil? Why were you supposed to present me to them?" Gabrielle asked her mémé. She had never heard of such a thing, although she could see why the Veela's would want to have some sort of governing body. Veela's could wield immense power over others and there would need to be some kind of check to ensure they didn't corrupt a government or muggles or something. "It's a Conseil all Veela and half-Veela are members of. We knew you were Veela from birth,