A/N: Written for Quills & Parchment One Shot Competition #3: Lemonade. Prompt: The theme this round is Smut Fest. Winner Best Drama and Best Time Travel! Thanks to brownlark42 for looking this over! Hermione Granger fell hard onto a stone floor. She was lying on her side, her left hip having hit the floor rather hard. What happened? She thought back to the last thing she remembered. She had been walking by the Head dorms on the way back to Gryffindor tower, she had just found the most fascinating book in the library. She had checked it out and was planning to curl up in her four-poster and read for the rest of the evening. But halfway to the tower she became dizzy, she stopped for a moment in front of the Head dorms, she was rather friendly with the Ravenclaw Head Girl and had thought to knock on the portrait. She didn't get that far, instead the book in her hands dropped on the ground and flipped open, it's pages flinging wildly in a wind she couldn't feel. It felt as if something from inside the book was pulling her toward it, she could almost feel a hand on her ankle and then she had fallen. She looked up to see a dark haired boy looking at her curiously. It was strange, she seemed to be in his dorm room because the boy was lounging on his bed, in what looked like his pajamas. "Where did you come from?" he asked politely. "I - I'm not sure," she replied, rubbing her forehead. She was feeling less dizzy, but as she looked around, she noticed she had nothing with her except the book and her wand. "You aren't sure? You appeared in my room," he told her, standing from the bed and reaching a hand down to help her off of the floor. She let him pull her up, but he pulled too hard and she lost her footing, stumbling into him. He caught her upper arms and steadied her. He's very fit, she thought as her hands rested on his chest. She looked up at him and noticed how dark his eyes were, and how good looking he was. She could feel a blush rising as she quickly stepped back from him. I should not be in a room alone with a strange boy in his pyjamas! She turned to grab the book that had fallen, but the boy had picked it up already. When he turned it over and looked at the cover. He started to laugh. His laughter was rich and deep, Hermione couldn't help but to smile at hearing it. There was something about this boy that drew her to him. "What's so funny?" she asked. "Do you know the book or something?" The grin he turned toward her was predatory. "I do 'know' this book, Miss - I don't think I caught your name?" he inquired. "Hermione Granger, and you are?" she stuck her hand out, he smirked at her and instead of shaking it he brought it to his lips and laid a kiss on the back. Then he turned it over and kissed the palm as well. She shivered at the feel of his lips on her palm. He was very intriguing, Hermione was sure she had never met anyone like him. "You can call me Tom, Miss Granger," he murmured. Hermione had never had anyone kiss her hand, let alone the palm of her hand before. She was getting nervous, she yanked her hand back from him. She no longer felt dizzy, but her head did feel funny, like she couldn't quite concentrate or think clearly. "Well, Tom. Er, I think I should be going. I should figure out what happened to land me here, and -" she turned to leave. Before she could grab the door handle, Tom reached past her and laid his hand flat on the door. She could feel his torso at her back, he felt warm. "I don't think you will be going anywhere, Miss Granger," he whispered in her ear. He had flung the book onto his desk and he moved her hair off her shoulder as he lowered his lips to her neck. "I- what are you doing?" she asked, she thought she should be worried. Instead his lips on her skin felt delicious and sinful. She shook her head to clear those thoughts then turned around and had her wand at his neck. But he just chuckled at her and grabbed her wand from her. Her grip was sweaty from nerves and her wand was easily pulled from her, he tossed that on his desk as well. He backed her into the door behind her, grinning down at her. "I created that book, so I am very familiar with it," he told her as he ran his hands down her arms. She looked up at him, she vacillated between being concerned and enjoying his touch. She placed her palms on his chest in order to push him away. "You created the book? What does it do?" She started applying pressure to his chest, trying to ignore how hard his chest felt under her hands. But he was quite a bit taller than her, and didn't move when she pushed at him. In fact, his smirk turned into a grin. He grabbed her wrists and lifted them above her head, pinning them there with one hand, while the other hand explored her torso. She stopped being concerned for the moment and enjoyed how much larger he was than her and the feelings his hand running along her abdomen was causing. "It was designed to bring interesting people to me," he told her as he nuzzled at her neck. She tried to buck her body to get away from him, but he pushed his body into hers, trapping her between him and the door at her back. She could feel her heartbeat pick up as he nibbled at her throat and ear. When he hit the spot where her shoulder met her neck, she couldn't hold back her moan. The fight went out of her as she enjoyed his ministrations. "Mmm, like that, do you Miss Granger?" he whispered in her ear, his breath hot and wet making her shiver. Despite her efforts to ignore it, his ministrations were turning her on. She could feel the heat pooling low in her belly, and her knickers were becoming damp. "Listen, Tom, whoever you are. I should get back, my friends will be looking for me," she tried wrenching away from him again. He pulled her wrists forward and then slammed them back into the door above her head, grinding them together. She winced at the pain and when he twitched his head back, she could have sworn she saw his eyes flash red for a moment. "You aren't going anywhere, Miss Granger," he emphasized this with a grind of his hips into her belly, she could feel his arousal and her eyes went wide. "Why?" she asked, trying to hide the tremor in her voice. She couldn't decide if the tremor was from fear or arousal. That was disconcerting. "Because the book brought you here. What year is it where you're from?" he asked her, his other hand had found it's way inside her blouse and was making gooseflesh prick up along her sides where he was tracing patterns. "1996," she whispered, her brow furrowing in confusion. Why would he ask me what year it was? His answering grin was rapacious, "It's 1945." "What?! How is that possible?" she started but cut herself off at the sound of his low laugh again. "What is your last name, Tom?" She was trying to keep her voice level. She really hoped this was not who she thought it was. "Riddle, my name is Tom Riddle," he told her and began kissing her neck again. "Oh, gods," she groaned. "This cannot be happening, I cannot be stuck in a room with Voldemort." She was muttering quietly, but since he still had her pinned to the door, he could hear every word. "How do you know that name?" He released her hands and took a step back from her. His voice had lost its warmth and was absolutely chilly. "I come from fifty-one years in the future, Tom. You are a menace where I come from. Evil, insane, and disgusting. A monster," she hissed, her lip curled as she glared and rubbed her aching wrists. Tom looked appraisingly at the girl who had appeared in his room. She had just told him she not only came from fifty years in the future, but that she knew of him. And that he had apparently turned into a monster? Tom did not want to be a monster. Yes, he wanted power and prestige, he wanted everyone in Wizarding Britain to know his name and fear it, but that didn't mean he wanted to be a monster. "How does it happen? How do I become a monster?" he inquired, taking a seat on his bed and gesturing for her to take a seat at his desk. "You expect me to tell you how you become a monster?" she asked incredulously. "Unless you know of a way to jump yourself fifty years in the future, you are stuck here Miss Granger. You seem to know who I am. I'm sure we can come to an arrangement that will be mutually beneficial to both of us," he told her with a leer. He looked her up and down again, she was dressed in school robes, they hadn't changed much in fifty years, standard skirt, blouse and tie, with the black over robe. He looked closer and saw that she was a Gryffindor. Even better, he was sure he could manipulate a Gryffindor into doing what he wanted. And with the charms he had placed on the book, she'd soon be eating out of his hands. "What do you mean, I'm not going back? How did you pull me back in time to begin with?" She was shouting at him now, her arms akimbo on her hips, her hair was sparking in her fury. It was a glorious sight. She would be very beneficial to him. "Have you ever heard of a time turner going forward in time?" His face a mask of calm, he gestured to his chair again, and this time she pulled it out and sat, crossing her arms and her legs. As she crossed her legs he caught a glimpse of her green knickers and grinned. "Of course not, but it wasn't a time turner that sent me back here. It was a bloody book," she grumbled at him. "I modified the time turner to fit in the spine of the book, with some complicated charms to only send back worthy persons," he smirked again at how well this was working out. He had never had the book bring him back anyone, when he set it up. But it looks as if it followed all his instructions: woman, beautiful, smart, she seemed to be trying to buck the modified Imperius , but Tom wasn't worried. He could always reapply that if necessary. "You did what? I have never heard of such a thing! When did you find time to figure that all out?" she asked him, she appeared genuinely curious now. Ah, I've got you , he thought to himself. "Sixth year was rather dull, and to be honest, you are the first person the book ever brought back. It was a bit of an experiment. I'm glad it worked." He was more than glad it worked, this couldn't be working out better if he planned it. She was from far enough in the future that she could guide him through the next fifty years! "You experimented on me?!" Her curiosity was gone and replaced with outrage. "It wasn't specific to you, Miss