Written for 2014 B2MEM Prompt: In many parts of the world, autumn brings the start of the school year. Write about a character's education. Summary: A disastrous autumn night sets in motion a series of teachable moments for both Thranduil and a young Legolas, though from a rather unexpected source. This is set in the same universe as A Dream is a Wish Your Heart Makes and follows on in the time line a few weeks after The Guardian. Warnings: Some adult conversation and innuendo Teacher's Pet No one felt the chill breath of the autumn night as the patrol rode wearily into the stable yard, dismounting to hand over steaming steeds to silent grooms. They knew better than to cluster around the king, who trailed the funereal procession at the rear, leading a riderless horse. Thranduil leaned to caress Mabon's shoulder, murmuring quiet thanks before swinging a leg over to affect a sliding dismount. The stallion nosed his shoulder and snuffled into his hair, then jostled the riderless gelding to a standstill as Thranduil reached to shift the body draped over the horse's back into his arms. For a long moment he stood silent and still, the spilling gold of his own hair tangling with the waterfall of gold cascading over his arm, for he cradled the slender body like a child against his breast. He had to suppress a keening moan, the reverberating sound inside his head whistling like a slicing blade. So young … so very young. Ithil peeked from between massing clouds, momentarily limning the colorless tableau with the glow of mithril. It will snow before morning , Thranduil thought inconsequentially. And again, as though a refrain his mind could not help repeating, so young … so very young. He turned resolutely – and stopped. The mire of his grief clung like detritus from the Dead Marshes, clogging his senses and clouding his mind. He had neither heard nor sensed the silent footsteps. Maethion had come up behind him. The patrol leader held out his arms in wordless appeal. Thranduil merely shook his head, stepping around the young elf. This was not Maethion's burden to shoulder, though the pair had been mates from the womb, their mothers' being best friends. Thranduil shifted Iarchon's head to his shoulder, thought better of it, and reallocated the body again, with the lifeless head crooked in his elbow. He did wish to convey even the semblance of hope for the family to whom he must deliver the body. An honor guard formed around Thranduil and Maethion, who strode beside the king, head up, nostrils flared, Thranduil knew from experience, in an effort to dam the tears rising like the Forest River after a hard spring rain. They did not hurry, though neither did they tarry, on their mournful errand. A son was given into the keeping of his mother, arrangements made with his father, the grief of a sister somewhat assuaged with words of comfort and compassion. And then Thranduil was striding through the corridors of the palace, the smell of the night and the hard fought battle clinging to him like memories he could not shake. His route took him past Legolas' chamber and though it was late into the night, he paused to push open the door on its silent hinges. In the swan rocker, rocking slowly to and fro by the fire, Rhenneth sat with Legolas wrapped in a blanket, snugged against her bosom, her chin resting on the bright blond head. Only her eyes moved upward to meet his, as Thranduil's urgent step took him into the room. He would have moved to her side to take this small cherished body into his arms in an attempt to alleviate some of his own grief, but Rhenneth's eyes said 'no'. And at the same time asked – 'who?' "Iarchion," Thranduil replied, the merest breath of sound floating the name across the fire-lit chamber. The somber eyes filled instantly with tears that slid down to dampen his son's hair. Legolas, as if smothered by the heavy despair blanketing the room, stirred inside his little cocoon, but Rhenneth soothed a hand over the small back, and through her tears, whispered a broken lullaby as she continued to rock. Nights like this, when the devouring Cold came creeping back again, happened far less often these days. Legolas' Mettarë visit with his mother, seven moon cycles past, had restored much of the child's equanimity, but he was attuned already with the forest and had likely sensed this night's new affliction, though Thranduil doubted the child fully understood the implication of the mourning woods. So young … As was his son, who faced yet another loss, for Iarchion had been a favored playmate, still young enough to remember his own youth, and a deft hand with the few elflings that dwelt in the vicinity of the mountain palace. Cursed woods , the king railed silently, as he tucked his gloves into his belt and moved noiselessly across the room to drop a feather light kiss upon his son's golden head, then did the same for Rhenneth. In the fireplace, a burnt-through log huffed out a sigh as it broke, showering sparks across the hearth like summer fireflies. Legolas sighed but did not stir again, and Thranduil took himself off to his own chamber to crawl into a bottle. He knew immediately he was not alone, and that it was not Galion puttering somewhere out of sight. The king closed the door and leaned back against it, crossing his arms over his chest. "This was not part of the bargain," he growled, memories of the errand he had undertaken at the autumnal equinox momentarily banishing this night's sorrowful end. The mound of furs heaped upon the sleeping couch stretched sinuously. "And I am not in the habit of repeating myself. At the moment, the pleasurable contemplation of adding a wolf pelt to that pile is the only thing holding back my legendary temper." He had encamped at the gates of the stronghold of the Changers on the one night when acknowledgement was required and blood could not be spilled. And bargained one of the stones from his dwindling hoard of magickal gems for the Changer's services as guardian to his small son. "You might attempt it, Elf," a shapely feminine leg slid into view, "but it would be your last act this side of Námo's dwellings." Followed by a distinctly feminine torso, and finally, a sleek head. "Yours are the most comfortable sleeping quarters in the palace, my lord." She yawned – for it was mostly certainly a she at this point, not the wolf pup form the Changer had taken as guardian - and propped an elbow beneath her head, stroking the furs that still covered most of the lithe body. Certain parts of Thranduil's anatomy responded as if the intimate feminine purr accompanying the caresses was right next to his sensitive ear, rather than the long length of the chamber distant. "Clothe yourself," he said quietly. "It is time, you know," she said, not quite shrouding herself in a misty wrapper as she rose. "But perhaps you would prefer me thus?" A young male clad in close-fitting garments strewn with multi-hued gem stones, long dark hair flowing down his back in come-hither disarray, lounged in one of the deep armchairs before the fire, long legs stretched out before him. He turned a sated, sleepy-lidded gaze upon the elf lord, a world of fulsome gratitude in the long, slightly slanted, grey eyes. "You do not even tempt me, Witch." With a gesture, ceiling globes brightened, dispelling the seductive shadowy warmth. "You only try my patience." "A half-truth, at best, my lord, for your body betrays you." It was the female again. "Surely you do not adhere to that ancient manuscript the Noldor purport to follow?" She extended a graceful arm, offering a gift she knew he would not turn away from. "Your chambers do not reflect a man who denies himself." Sighing, Thranduil abandoned his incongruous pose of righteous indignation and crossed the room to accept the goblet she held out. One long swallow and the glass was empty. He crossed to an ornately carved side table to refill it before returning to sink into the second of a pair of deep, comfortable armchairs placed before the hearth. "She has hardly been gone a cycle of Seasons. I would not tarnish her memory to pursue pleasure alone." He spoke as if there had been prior conversation between them about his wife, though there had not. In the short time the witch had been in the fortress, she had managed to pry her way into his most vulnerable organ. He had grown to like her, and that did not sit well with the bit of conscience he still laid claim to. She was a Changer; someone to be trusted no more than he would admonish anyone to trust himself on a good day. And yet, he had entrusted this thing with his son's safety. It was a conundrum he did not like to study too closely, for it gave him quivers of anxiety when he did. "Another half-truth," Aiollda murmured. She let the reality of the words hang between them until Thranduil squirmed uncomfortably - if only in his mind - the shell of his physical body remained still and pliant. He half snorted, a rather undignified sound for a king, she thought, but she had peeled back the layers until she had discovered the man inside the king, and more than that, the father. This latter incarnation she had fallen headlong in love with, for though Mirkwood's king rarely showed that side of himself in public, she had observed them, at length, in private and knew the depths of his love for his child could not be plumbed. Hers was an ancient heart; it had found little to cause it to flutter in the last millennia or two. Aiollda, though that was not her true name, nor was the feminine shape her true form, had known herself from the moment she had been sung into being and reckoned well that she was already sliding down a slippery slope. Perhaps it was abstinence that had created the circumstances where only a little carelessness on her part could so easily tip the scales, but the desire to halt the slide was inextricably bound up with an equally fierce desire to know this elf lord in carnal intimacy. So she would remain in this form and tease oh-so-gently until he could resist no longer, for he was man of formidable will; only the oblivion of the grape had escaped his control thus far. And it was certainly true that he did not pursue oblivion for pleasure; that she would allow him. She rolled the mauve-hued Dorwinion around in a goblet that had likely been fashioned in the First Age, recognizing it was yet another thing she appreciated about the man - he treasured fine things as much as she did, and not with an avaricious kind of greed. "I am more than capable of providing oblivion as well, my lord, and I can promise you, your head will fit much better inside its skull than it does after imbibing." "Have done, Ai," Thranduil said wearily, borrowing his son's diminutive for the wolf pup form she normally kept to, as he drained his own glass. "You are welcome to use my couch, but do not attempt seduction again. I have no desire to blur the lines between protector of my child and protector of your virtue." The words were carefully chosen, though he knew them to be a lie as well. There was amusement in her soft gurgle of laughter, but she did not call him on it this time. "Well then, perhaps you should provide me with a chamber of my own, where I may retreat when Rhenneth demands proprietary time with our joint charge.