The Guardian Prologue It was the old wizard's idea, which usually meant trouble from the get go; however, Thranduil admitted, there was not only logic in the idea, but sound reasoning as well. And so he had made this journey, alone, deep into the forest on behalf of his elfling. Mithrandir had advised caution, but so far the only foe he had faced had been the night mists curling up around Mabon's hooves like the souls of the dead seeking warmth and life. Usually gift horses were suspect; tonight he would refrain from looking too closely. Thranduil reined his horse into the sinuously curving turn. Not much further now. Past the deep forest spring where wood nymphs bathed beneath silver waterfalls in shallow bowls of moonlight. On through the foggy bottomed hollow where pixies broke off their wrestling to swarm up for a ride, tangling Mabon's silky mane with their frisky fingers. Around the glimmering Cerin Mîr, beneath which, legend whispered, lay a king's ransom in rare jewels, over the gentle rise threaded through gnarled old trees, down to the guardian gate - a forest of standing stones thrice the height of any elf in the realm. And still he remained unchallenged. Wise counsel to hold off this errand until the autumnal equinox. His forest was old, sown by the hand of the Giver of Fruits in the days before the Star Kindler had dispelled the darkness of Cuiviénen. Some said this locale, nearly two day's ride north of the stronghold of Mirkwood, and difficult for most to find, had been the ancient realm of Elu Thingol and his Maia mate, Melian. The waves of wrath that had swallowed the unrighteous of the island realm in the 2nd Age though, had changed the shape of world so dramatically one could not say with impunity. Reining in, Thranduil sat a moment, listening. Beyond this spell-guarded threshold, even he did not dare enter without permission. Mabon shifted, though not restlessly. The elf lord's steed was the steadiest in three kingdoms, but even the steadiest of companions would perceive the trailing finger of fear Thranduil acknowledged, if only to himself and his horse. He was not welcome here, but the greater burden compelled transgression and on this night of nights, though few knew it, his safety was assured. Blood could not be spilled during this sacred celebration. He had been here only once previously, long ago. Guarded, he well knew, and guided by his wife whose kinship with the Changers had guaranteed safe passage. It had been a night such as this, though laden with less burdensome sorrow. Thranduil swung down, allowing the memory free rein as he began to unbuckle, untie, and unlace the various bundles and baskets bedecking his patient charger. Though untroubled that his trespass angered the guardians, he knew better than to come empty-handed. Carefully, as his wife had done before, he began to lay out the autumnal gifts he had come to bargain with. He was not without power, even here deep in the domain of unfettered magick. Earth energy pulsed like a heartbeat as he carefully placed the first gift in the north quadrant of the hexagon; green grapes mounded like cushions inside a Haradrim lord's tent. For air in the east quadrant, a row of fat, yellow squash appearing a bit like Thranduil imagined the rotund little creatures Mithrandir was so fond of nattering on about. And his own personal bit of mischief, in the south quadrant, for fire, Thranduil placed several decanters of Dorwinion, along with the more traditional pile of deep red apples. Finally, in the west quadrant he laid out a circle of baskets woven in blues and lavenders, their handles festooned with ribbons of pale yellow, mint green and sunrise pink, releasing the spells that kept the bounteous offerings of seeds and nuts and berries from overflowing. In the center of these gifts of harvest, he lit a raft of tall, slender star anise-scented candles, as both offering and appeal. And sat back on his heels to wait. Thranduil settled on the side of the large bed, running his hand over the soft coverlet of pieced leaves as he ruminated on the many kinds of magick he had encountered in his life. He was not accounted among the old of his realm, for a third of his father's army had survived the War of the Last Alliance, and formed a large part of his counsel, but he was old enough to have at least tangential knowledge of even the old elemental magicks. He would not know how to live without the deep rumblings and grumblings of the ancient forest guardians undergirding the deepest levels of his attunement with the natural world. Nor would it cross his mind to consider dismissing the chitter chatter of the lively young saplings any more than he would think of telling the merry makers of his court to hush, though he filtered it through a thicker layer of intuition. He was one with the forest and its inhabitants in an inexplicable way. Every tree and bush, every flower, rock and stone, each individual leaf and blade of grass, the birds, the bees, all the critters and creatures that crawled and flew and even spun – they were all linked to the King of Mirkwood. Though he had refused to attend the White Council, he knew their work and the great magicks that had held first Morgoth's, and now Sauron's devastating power, if not completely in check, at least from devouring Middle-earth. And then there were Mithrandir's magickal fireworks. It was an incomplete list, for in his long life he had experienced many more kinds of magicks than he could name. But here, in this fire-lit chamber, protected by enchantments and magicks deep as the carven rock ceiling and warm as the hearth flames, resided the heart of all magick. Leaning to plant an elbow on the other side of the still, small form, Thranduil tucked a thumb inside the pliant curl of fingers resting next to the blond head, and felt the heartbeat of magick pulse through his veins. This was the oldest of magicks; the kind that knew neither bonds nor boundaries. It existed in every society, crossed all populations, and welcomed practitioners of every age. Love. Skin to skin, connected on the most elemental of levels as those fingers curled trustingly around his own, he stepped gently into his son's reverie. He did not often have time to wake Legolas in this manner, but they both relished the moments when it was possible. "Au r bain, ada," Legolas greeted sleepily, turning to nestle his cheek into his father's large palm. In the youthful, anything-is-possible mind, Thranduil took his elfling by the hand. Together they climbed the hill to wakefulness and sat to watch the memory of a sunrise, for there were no outside entrances to this well-fortified chamber. This morning, Thranduil shared the dawn he had woken to, with his wife, the morning after Legolas' conception. It had been a morning of incomparable joy and he channeled all of that into his son as they watched a golden sun peep over the horizon, painting the dawn with sharp brush strokes of sunshine-hued purple, and lavender, and pink. "I still miss naneth a lot, ada . I wish I could see her again." "A ur bain , my little leaf," Thranduil returned as he centered his wide awake elfling in the here and now. "I miss her, too." They shared a moment of silent gratitude for the memories that kept Nethil alive in their hearts. Thranduil would be forever grateful for the granted Mettarë wish that had allowed Legolas to see his mother once more. The nights in the old swan rocker staring into the fireplace flames were growing further apart. Legolas was beginning to live again, to find joy in adventure and exploring. Occasionally he even got into mischief these days, though that was still a very rare occurrence. The resurgence of the dormant little fëa was beginning to cause Thranduil to tremble deep in his own soul. Not because of the reawakening, it brought him deep pleasure and satisfaction to watch his little one emerging from the cocoon he had bound himself in, but the elf lord was a single parent and a full-time king. And an individual who never been easy asking for help. Healing his small son's grief, however, was more important than even his stubborn pride. A twinkle lit in the elfling's eyes. "Is it today?" Thranduil prepared for an explosion. "Aye, today is the day." He expected flying covers and princelings. To his surprise, Legolas wriggled from beneath the quilt and crawled into his lap rather than erupting from the bedclothes. "You've been very busy, ada . I have not seen you for days and days." Thranduil smiled at the strand of manipulative guilt his son managed to thread into those two bare utterances. "Days and days? I thought you could count better than that, for I was certain you sat beside me at dinner just yestereve." The elfling tucked under his chin rolled his eyes; Thranduil did not need to see it to know it. "That is not what I meant," Legolas chided, burrowing into that place where his fëa would link him to his father's heartbeat. "Did the Cold return again, my leafling?" Thranduil felt the jerky nod as he ran a gentle hand over the long night braid, dexterously removing the leather fetter. Teasing the end free, he ran his long fingers through the fine silk, unraveling the braid and began to massage the little head. "Why did you not send Rhenneth for me, or come to my bed?" The answer, when it came - and it was slow in coming - was uttered in a voice that sounded suspiciously akin to that of the king's chief seneschal. "I am no longer a child in need of protection from the denizens of the night." For the space of three heartbeats, Thranduil considered the benefits of beheading the Keeper of his Comforts. "Galion," he growled, catching his son beneath the elfling's arms and tossing him into the air, "knows next to nothing about almost everything." He was rewarded by a giggle and tossed the child again. "Hear me, my heart, and learn this lesson well." The elf lord tucked up his child again inside a warm embrace and whispered the next words directly in the tiny tapering ear. "Nothing and no one will ever keep me from you side should you have need of me." The day would come, he knew, when this one would test the limits of his patience, if not his love. He had not needed the signs and portents accompanying his son's birth to know that rebellion and revolution would follow in the wake of this child's footsteps. And so, daily, he worked at rooting his leafling's deep, intrinsic trust, so the tether that might rend the soul of the father would hold strong for the son in the time of testing. He had learned this from his own father and would someday gift his son with the wisdom as well. It was enough, this morn, to enfold his child in a deep embrace and kindle a small imperishable flame to keep the Cold at bay, something his wife would have done instinctively and he should have thought of long ago. And he would have a word or three with Galion, though their sharpness would be tempered by the blade of his own accountability. If he had not been deep in his cups last night, he would have heard Legolas' distress himself. He encouraged the warmth to encompass them both and kissed the bright head pressed against his heart. "I will do better about listening, too, I promise." "It's better now, but I have missed you a lot, ada ." "And I have missed you too, Legolas. Now come!" The king tossed his heir