Translations: Adar – Father Ataryina – my father Le hannon – Thank you Mae govannen - Welcome Heir Apparent "I hope you are returning with dry clothing and not just an apology, Eärishel, else you may turn right around and go home again. Adar will be furious if I appear before this newest horse-breaker he has schemed to tame me with, in wet clothing." The elf sitting cross-legged on the grassy knoll overlooking the river bank wore nothing but a skein of long, dripping hair, his fingers flashing as he expertly wove the side braids elven archers habitually wore. The blond head dipped as the hands moved fluidly to join the two braids into one, incorporating more of the wet hair into a thick, golden tail that would hang to the middle of his back. Legolas pushed off the grass as he finished the task, turning as he rose. If he was surprised to find a human behind him, it did not show, nor did modesty assert itself with any alacrity. "You do not appear to be my graceless cousin with dry clothing," the elf prince stated, crossing his arms over a powerful, if slender, chest. He eyed the human with an air of disdain. "And I suppose that appearing in wet clothing before you is likely better than no clothing in your estimation." With a sigh, he bent to collect his leggings. "No need to get dressed on my account, Your Highness." The human began pushing at the elk horn buttons of his own tunic as he purposefully put his feet in motion. "I am here for the same purpose apparently. I do not wish to present myself before you adar in my travel filth. However, let us be straight on this one thing: I am come to Mirkwood out of curiosity; I was not summoned by your father to be yet another torturer. Why does he believe you need taming?" As he spoke, the man shed his own clothing, trailing tunic, shirt and finally breeches behind him as he made for the bluff in the buff. "It is deep enough to dive?" "Aye," Legolas responded belatedly. The man was already over the ledge; momentarily, a splash sounded below. Bemused, the prince wandered to the edge and glanced down just as the dark head resurfaced. The human looked up at the same time, flashing a bright grin. "If it will not ruin all the work you just put into your hair, come back in and we will scheme together how to thwart whatever it is your adar has planned for you. I know the ways of fathers all too well," he called up, playfully splashing at the water. " Le hannon , but I think not, though you are a more pleasant deceiver than the last." The dark visage gave a mock grimace. "Why do you name me deceiver when you do not even know me?" "I know your kind; my father has introduced me to several of your sort. But it will not work, no matter what he has told you." Curious, especially as he sensed no guile in this individual - and he was particularly sensitive to deceit given his father's recent treachery, this last time saddling him with a new tutor who had kept him pouring over ancient books and scrolls all hours of the day and night - Legolas tossed aside his leggings and sat down with his feet dangling over the shelf of land. "He has told me nothing," the human argued good-naturedly. "I have not even met him, though I have heard much of the fabled halls of Thranduil's rock-carved palace. I hear it rivals Doriath in magnificence. Is it true?" "I am no braggart, but I have not seen the like in any other place. Though," the elf prince admitted candidly, "I am not much traveled." "No? Why not?" Legolas sighed. It was a closely held wish, for he knew well any request would be summarily dismissed with a negative response. He had far too many duties here at home to be gallivanting around the world. Or at least that had been the reply the one time he had ventured to broach the subject. He recognized, though, that his father had at least heard his plea, for he had since been included in a number of trips to Rhûn, from whence his father filled his wine cellars, and once to Harad where the Mirkwood elves traded for exotic spices. "Duties here," he said now, recalling himself from the small cerebral side trip. "Who are you if you are not one of my father's torturers?" "I am called Thorongil, lately come from Rohan where I served His Majesty, King Thengel. I am traveling awhile before taking up a new post in Gondor. You should come with me; that would certainly frustrate your father's plans, if it is frustration you are after." Legolas laughed, though there was a tinge of both regret and confusion in the merry peal, for he did not know what to make of this strange, half-taunting, half cajoling stranger. "Alas, I am Legolas of the Woodland Realm, in service presently to His Majesty, King Thranduil," he returned, matching the human's rather mocking tone. "Yes, so I assumed. But surely, as a prince you are entitled to a measure of freedom." Legolas was not sure which part of his response had prompted the bit about assuming. The stranger had addressed him with proper formality without the slightest hesitation, had he only assumed Legolas was a prince? Or had he assumed from Legolas' statements, that he was in service to the house whose name he bore? Whatever the man had assumed , there was no such thing as freedom in his life – at least not as he defined it – and Legolas sighed again. "Nay. I have tasted freedom, but it is not likely to have any part in my future." The position of heir apparent to an immortal king was something lacking in terms of exciting possibilities. Not that he wished his father ill by any means. Just, sometimes he wished he had been born something other than an immortal prince – odd feelings for an elf, he had been told. "Legolas? Who are you talking too? Whose clothes are these?" Eärishel, soft-footed for once, spoke from behind Legolas' shoulder as he gathered up the discarded clothing, both wet and dry. Legolas, who neither needed nor desired a servant, snatched up his own wet clothes. "Leave be," he ordered irritably. "Did you bring me dry things?" "Aye." Eärishel handed over a neatly folded tunic and leggings. "But who were you talking to?" "Thorongil he says his name is, lately come from Rohan, traveling a bit before going to his next post in Gondor. Are you a sell sword then?" Legolas called over the side, as he rose and stepped back from the edge in order to dress. "One can make a decent living at it," Thorongil called back, neither confirming nor denying the appellation. "Where do you get out of here?" "You certainly pick up the strangest sycophants," Eärishel muttered, fastidiously holding the quiver and bow he had retrieved from the edge of the wood out at arm's length while his cousin dressed. Legolas ignored him. "Downstream, look for the cutout in the bank." He slung the quiver over his shoulder and palmed the bow. "You may go, Eärishel, I am relatively certain I can find my own way back to the palace from here." "As you wish, Your Highness, and my apologies again for the accident that caused you to fall into the river." Legolas narrowed his eyes. "We will discuss that accident at some later point, be assured. For now, you may report to my father that you have accomplished your mission." Fisting a hand to his heart, Eärishel bowed, the small self-satisfied smile he allowed himself, not quite hidden. "You know how your suspicions wound me, my Prince. I am only your humble servant; I would never intrigue with your father against you." "Be gone!" Legolas waved off the elder elf's wholly unconvincing subservience. Eärishel backed away, still bowing over his knees. "As you wish," he repeated, finally turning to rise and trot away. "Who was that?" the mortal asked, having clambered up the step path from the river in record time. He collected his shirt from the tidied pile of clothing left on the ground and dried himself with it, dressing quickly. "My father's sneaking spy." "No – truly? I have heard stories, but surely your father is not so despotic as to set spies on his own son?" "I assure you, he is. You are truly not in his employ?" "My sword is for sale for a short time, but beyond that, I do not believe I should like to work for your father. I could have no confidence in a man who does not trust his own son." "Ahh," Legolas put up a hand, "I did not say he does not trust me, though I admit we do have something of a different perspective on trustworthiness. Do you come to the palace then?" "If I would be welcome." "I must be honest; if you are not summoned by my father, he may not be receptive to your presence. Much of his reputation is well-earned and he does not suffer the presence of mortals often." The stranger shrugged amiably. "Well, then we shall see. But you avoided my question, why does he think you require breaking?" Legolas settled his bow over his shoulder and led the way across the knoll and through a stretch of high meadow grass. "I did not say breaking precisely; there is a difference between taming and breaking. At least, I do not believe he wishes to break my spirit, merely turn into me a more compliant son. It worries him that perhaps I am a changeling." "Changeling? How so? Did your mother cuckold him?" "What?" The Man raised his eyebrows with a suggestive grin. "Perhaps you are not the king's son." Legolas laughed again. "Nay, I am not that kind of cuckoo. It is just that I am not content to remain at home as little more than a tailor's dummy." He glanced back over his shoulder with a mercurial scowl. "And I do not know why I am telling you this; I do not even know you." Thorongil met the perceptive gaze with raised eyebrows. "Do you not? Yet I feel as if I know you well." "Perhaps," the elf mused, bright eyes twinkling, "the familiarity is fostered by the lack of formality in our first meeting. I do not often grant audiences dressed only in my skin." He whistled as they reached the edge of the woods and a large, white wolf came bounding to gambol about their knees like a puppy, flinging water all over them as it shook off the evidence of its recent swim. Thorongil tensed, ever so slightly, and Legolas called the creature to heel. It sat, pink tongue lolling as it yawned hugely, then licked its chops. "He is not intimidated by you, Aiollda, he is merely appreciating that fine set of fangs you are showing off. Stop preening." The ruff settled at once and the wolf became a large white companion, rising to shake his huge head again before leaning against the elf's thigh. "Where did that come from? That is no domestic animal." "It is not our practice to domesticate animals, they are free to come and go as they please." Thorongil looked skeptical. "You do not believe me?" "In Rohan, the horses are part of the families, they serve by their own choice, but there is a difference between a horse and a wild wolf, mellon nîn." "You will see," Legolas promised, unperturbed, and changed the subject. "Few who are merely curious are willing to venture the forests to reach my father's abode. Fewer still make it this far. You