Until We Meet Again The elf knew, long before the trees of Ithilien began gossiping among themselves, of the king's coming. He knew, too, of the great boughs sweeping low in reverence as the man strode up the avenue of taniquetils . Not just because the brush of the twittering leaves touched both his mind and his ears, but because he'd woken them with his song and taught them the homage long ago. He had come this evening for solace; to be soothed among the aldeon he'd raised from seedlings. A hundred years had passed; a hundred years since he'd first ushered the King of Gondor down the crushed white sea shells marking the path. More than a hundred years since he'd hung up his bow and quiver to learn the gentler arts of grafting, espaliering and pleaching from Samwise the Brave. The river of memory had been flowing through his mind for days now, sometimes meandering as slowly as the waters of the Enchanted River, sometimes, around the most vivid reminiscences, as swiftly as the River Running. Settling with a sigh in the topmost crook of the tree, Legolas waited, letting his mind drift in reverie. As far back as his memories took him, a brief period only in the elven measurement of time, his goal had been single-minded and purposeful; to become a warrior in defense of Middle-earth, to defeat the enemy, Sauron, and return to his people the lives of prosperity and peace they had once lived. For centuries, destiny had withheld its hand, until by fate, or the wizard's maneuverings, the Heir of Isildur had appeared in his home wood, unleashing a succession of events few in Middle-earth could have imagined, much less engineered. And Legolas had found himself unexpectedly in the middle of it all, bound to a mortal in a way he would never have believed. The Greenwood flourished once again, as did Ithilien, and there was renewal in Lothlórien and Rivendell as well, though the life even of those green places would be counted in centuries now, rather than the ages of Middle-earth. In achieving his goal, he had helped to usher in the Age of Men. He did not regret any choice he had made, but the reward seemed fleeting in comparison with the endeavor. A hundred years has passed seemingly in less time than it took a flower to open from bud to full bloom. A hundred years gone by like the swift waters of the Forest River sliding beneath the bridge to his home. A hundred years spent between one broken heartbeat and the next. He had refused to listen to the gentle pleading his friend had been inundating him with for months. Instead he had compensated for the man's fading song by amplifying it so Aragorn felt again its radiance and fire, had been warmed by the glow of its incandescence. Fiercely he'd fought the swift march of mortal time, shoving it back and back with all the elven strength at his command, joined in this, at least, by the Undómiel . She who had named him once, in jest, Amrûn 'edhe ; Aragorn's sunrise to her evening star. In truth, the barb of the jest had been fletched in green, the color of covetousness for the whole of her husband's heart, for though she held by far the majority of that venerable organ, she had been aware of the fractured and torn remnants given wholly into the keeping of the Mirkwood Prince. That relationship, tempered in the furnace of shared hardship, privation and grief, had kept the elf's restless fëa tethered to his home here in Middle-earth far longer than he would have been able to manage otherwise. Though Gimli's solidarity and camaraderie, too, had contributed greatly to his ability to deny the sea-longing that found its way like irritating damp sand into every nook and cranny of his soul. Sighing again, Legolas pushed out his senses, brushing lightly against the determination he felt striding up the path with as firm a footstep as ever had come before. The sweeping boughs of the shimmering taniquetil brushed the ground before and after him as the king reached the crown of the low hill where the first great tree had been sown and nurtured to maturity. The elf's first, and still most revered experiment, had been named by Sam after the great white mountain of Aman . The hobbit had remarked that the avenue of immense trees reminded him of the old stories of the halls of Ilmarin from whence Manwë and Varda could view all the world, even to the Gates of Morning. The trees had been known as taniquetils since. Legolas called them merely – his trees. The elf, with centuries of nuanced court protocol ingrained in his very being, had taught them to bow at the coming of the king. A tribute , he'd offered slyly, all those long years ago, well aware of the ranger's impatience with the officious courtiers sprouting like mushrooms in the palace of the White City. A smile curved the stern mouth at the memory now as Aragorn strode up the path. He had not meant to neutralize the elf's impudent gesture so effectively, but at the sight, the king had thrown back his head and laughed until tears had streamed down his face, saying only that of all his court, he could trust the trees to offer honest fealty. "Legolas?" The king stopped at the outskirts of the great mountain of a tree to wait. There was no need to raise his voice, it carried easily on the still night air. "Your steward told me I might find you here." He waited with a patience having less to do with the changes wrought by the mantle of kingship than his days as a child in Rivendell. "May I come up, or will you come down?" he inquired at length - when the waves of resentment and sorrow finally ceased to beat upon him like the blunt edge of a blade. Turning his gaze to the stars that shone as though Galadriel's phial has spilt across the sky and Eärendil's light splintered at the spilling, he waited again. Until at length the elf responded. "I am yours to command, as ever, my liege. As you desire." But no movement portended any disposal to descend on the part of the prince. A moonlit leaf brushed the man's face as a bough bent before him. It had been long since he'd shod his feet in the elven boots he wore this night; longer still since his soul had found solace in the leafy bowers of any tree. Age was upon him now, and like frost painted autumn leaves, it had fingered strands of silver among the dark locks; yet strength remained. Elessar flexed age-stiffened fingers lightly around the limb and swung, perhaps with less legerdemain than a hundred years ago, to the next and the next and the next until his still keen eyes spotted the glint of moonlight on the gold of spilling hair, the silvery-green tunic making the elf nearly impossible to distinguish from the massive tree trunk. "You've not been to the city this month and more." The king curved a hand over a branch above his head, his voice steady despite the elf's despair flowing over him like the falls of Imladris. Legolas lifted his dark gaze slowly. "I would have come, had you called." The bough the mortal stood upon bent no more than if the man already weighed less than a memory. This, however, was not Elessar, nor even Elfstone, balanced lightly upon the slender branch. This man bore more than a passing resemblance to a Dúnadan of the North, though the sheath upon his belt bore no ranger's humble weapon. This was the black-clad shadow that had shifted so easily between realms of men and elves and dwarves for more than two hundred years. Legolas was first to look away. "I have whiled away the days accomplishing nothing since first the murmurings smote my heart." "The hour approaches, though you refuse to pay heed." The man sighed. "Would you have me do otherwise?" "Yes!" The cry was wrung from the elf with such vehemence the tree shook with his passion. "Do not ask this of me, my lord." "I come not as Elessar," the king spoke softly, "you know this, Legolas." The reiteration was intentional. He came not as the king to a prince of the realm, but as friend to friend. "There is time yet, you do not have to make this choice now!" In the imperative there was both pleading and pain such as Legolas had never experienced. He dealt daily in the world of Men, had known, from the beginning, where this path led. But he had thought to ready himself, to withdraw slowly from the bond, so neither felt it so keenly; this knife twisting now in his breast until breath refused to draw. "The river of time runs swiftly, my friend; the end of this journey is near." Aragorn paced the curve of the branch into the heart of the tree, graceful as always, though the knees protested volubly as he turned his back to the trunk and slid down gratefully beside the elf. The tree made room for him so elf and king sat shoulder to shoulder, surveying the moonlit landscape toward the east, whence their blessing and their bane had been won. None but an elf, or one raised by elves, could have sat in such harmonious silence, one with the trees and the night and the earth born fruits of this sylvan bower. In the years since the return of the king, the land had thrown off the shadows of gloom, waking from its long dormant sleep to rejoice with the heirs of the Children of Ilúvatar in the passing of the Third Age and the dawning of the Fourth. Like a great garden it had become. Where fire and ash had laid waste, plants whose origins had been lost in the mists of the song's creation, sprang forth, and had become known by the names of the Valar : Elentári for the tiny white stars that sprang up in the footsteps of Arwen Undómiel ; a new kind of flax from which the finest cloth in Middle-earth was woven, named for Vairë ; hemp that came to be known simply as Aulë for its strength, outmatched by even elven rope; purple flowering trees that grew up by the seas and the rivers were christened Ulmo ; and the bards and singers had immortalized the taniquetil in which sat Legolas and his companion. This tree, and its nearby kin, were young yet, had known only the joy of the sun and the wind and the rain, the morning mists that jeweled the great gardens of Ithilien, the evening sunsets that painted their leaves crimson and soft pink, burnt orange and umber, the stars that danced and sang overhead with voices as beautiful as their creator. Grief had brushed them only lightly, for never before had the heart of their maker known such sorrow. Anxious this night, to alleviate some of the crushing weight borne by the architect of their awakening, at the direction of the firstborn among them their twittering gossip had drifted into song as they had offered their veneration before the king. Aragorn tilted his head, wondering creasing dimples beneath the trim beard, more silver now than sable. "I have heard their song before, but never quite like this." His quiet words broke the not-quite-strained, though uncomfortable silence. "The veil is thinning, despite our efforts." Legolas wrapped his arms around his drawn up ankles. "It is one of the lullabies you used to sing when the Fellowship halted in the evenings; especially when the hobbits were restless." Aragorn understood the words clearly, his humor alighting with the sound of the syllables elongated with a hint of Entish