A/N: If you have not read anything of mine before, let me take this opportunity to share a few facts with you. I do not always remain within the bounds of canon. In this fandom, I've come to understand that makes a story AU. In my humbly offered view – AU means the characters have been taken out of Middle-earth and put into a setting in Chicago, or Steam Punk, or … Star Wars. When the story is set in Middle-earth, using the characters from the books and movies – to my way of thinking - that is not AU, unless Middle-earth has been totally transformed and the characters are unrecognizable except by name – OR – the story facts have been completely changed – as in …. the Ring is not destroyed. Likely this story will be considered by many as AU, since the reforging of the Flame of the West does not strictly follow either book or movie canon. That being said, if you go forward, it should be with the recognition that some canon facts have been altered to suit the purposes of this story. Also, many thanks to Ziggy, whose Sons of Thunder story introduced me to the concept of Song as a living thing. If you've read her stories, you will recognize some of Legolas song description as belonging to her; she has graciously permitted me to borrow it again in this follow up to Breath of an Elf. And finally, a great big thank you to Anne, who beta'd this for me. All remaining errors are my own. - tanis The Song of the Sword Prologue He was not the maker, but he was determined to be the remaker and determination overrode all other considerations. He set to with an undaunted will. He could hear already the original voiceless music; it soared above the clamor of fire and forge, hammer and tong. It was a song of power, a song of passion, a song that rang of brotherhood in blood and carnage, but also of the peace and prosperity the edge of the sword would bring. It was a song that called to kinship, to arms, to war against all evil. But most of all, it called the heart to come home to face this last challenge. Come home … come home … come home … the battle is not yet won. And then the remaker, heeding a whispered voice only he could hear, began layering in the music of a summer forest: the soft susurration of gossiping tree tops, the wind playing hide and seek among the trailing branches of withe willows, water lapping stones lining deep forest pools, the silence of a starry night glimpsed through a leafy canopy. It wrapped like silk around the tang, riding the fuller and sinking deep into the heat-softened pieces of the reforged blade. Turning … turning … ever turning … scorching heat of the forge fire making porous the blade's surface, it absorbed the song in every part, until it overflowed and began to sing the new song, too; a duet where before it had been a solo. Encouraged by that same voiceless whispering, the remaker began to layer in more than just music: memories of the omniscience of an ancient wood and the wild things that made it their home, of sentient flora and fauna, evening meals over campfires, along with shared privation and laughter. The sword shone brighter, laughing with the joy of its renewed life. Its song grew deeper and broader, an aria instead of just a melody. Lifting it with tongs from its last bath in the trough of diverted water from the Bruinen, the remaker inspected the long grip and crossguard minutely. His keen gaze moved down the fuller, fingertips tracing the heraldic device of seven stars set between a crescent moon and rayed sun, inlaid among runes engraved within the groove. When it was cool to the touch again, he hefted the grip and very carefully clasped the tip inside a sturdy piece of leather. The flex was not visible to the eye, but he felt it, felt the infinitesimal give that would allow the sword to vanquish enemies without shattering. It balanced perfectly in his hand as he released the end, dropping to guard position as naturally as if it had been his companion in the long course of study he had embarked upon from the time he could hold a wooden sword. It was an extension of his arm, an extension of his body, an extension of himself … for into it he had poured all his renewed hope, his vision of the future it would aid in forging, his dreams and desires … his heart and soul. Andúril ran with fire down its edge, bright and keen and anxious. Quivering with eagerness, it plunged into the sheath, humming its new song. Like the inexorable diminishment of Ithil's waning, the tide was slowly receding; Legolas' life no longer hung in the balance. Aragorn knew this with undeniable certainty. And so he had sent them all away: the few healers who had been in residence, for most had gone home to families during the absence of the lord of the valley; Halbarad who had claimed the right to stay, for he was friend to both of them; even Durhíth who had earned the right to stay. Aragorn drew the high-backed chair closer to the bed and reached again for the pliant hand lying atop the coverlet. The unnatural coolness of the fingers crossing his palm felt like an offense against nature. The elf's hands had always been warm, no matter if it was cold as the Helcaraxë. No amount of chafing, now, would bring back even the memory of warmth. The chill penetrated Aragorn as well, dulling his already sluggish thoughts. Exhaustion blanketed him like imperiling darkness, but he hung on doggedly, fighting as much by instinct now, as will. He knew the danger, knew his own life might be forfeit, but he could no more withdraw from the bond and leave this creature of light to struggle alone with the darkness than he could walk away from any friend in need. Much less Legolas. He had instructed Durhíth to pull back the filmy draperies blocking the view to the terrace, wishing, hopelessly he knew, for some beneficence from the effulgent light of the full moon hanging like a blue Fëanorian lamp in the ink dark sky. He had spent the last two days praying alternately for his father's return, or the Valar's intervention, while he had mixed herbs and potions to spoon down the elf's throat. He had tried yet again, here where he had learned the art, to draw on the earth energy in an effort to keep them both alive long enough for help to reach them; but here, too, he had been rebuffed. Neither rock nor stone, tree nor root had heeded his call. What a twist of fate, Aragorn thought wearily, that now, when his need was so desperate, his foster father was gone from the valley. Not once on their anxiety fraught journey home had that thought crossed his mind. After all, Elrond had left the valley only once in the ranger's lifetime. It had taken six days to make the difficult ride, when normally it should have been no more than three. Legolas' injuries, and the lung congestion brought on by broken ribs, had made it impossible to travel with any speed. And this inexorable waning had begun just a day into their return, when the elf had woken again, only to fall rapidly back into an unconsciousness from which Aragorn had been unable to rouse him. The ranger had begun to wonder if the lack of healing – since elven physiology preordained self-healing – had something to do with Legolas' song. Knowing his own song had been stolen and used to lure the Mirkwood prince into a trap, gave added weight to the thought that perhaps the prince's song had been tampered with as well. It had been discordant and off key from the moment he had found the prince chained hand and foot inside that vile hut in the foothills of Carn Dûm. But surely, here in the valley, even without Elrond's aid, Legolas should have begun to recuperate. Winkling any details from the prince about the capture and the reasons for it, had necessitated perpetrating a bit of coercion on Aragorn's part, the nature of which had revealed far more than Legolas would ever have voluntarily offered. Details such as the fact the prince had ridden directly into an ambush, alone, because he had heard a deviously stolen version of Aragorn's song and thought the ranger hurt or ill. And subsequently been hauled off to Angmar, with frequent stops along the way to be tortured for information as to the Dúnadan's identity. Legolas' reason for resisting had been solely centered upon staying alive long enough to be rescued – or so he had claimed. The truth of the matter had been laid bare in the first moments of joining, when Aragorn had reconciled all the bits and pieces of knowledge he had already possessed, with the new understanding he had obtained being privy to Legolas' most deeply buried thoughts. That someone not of Aragorn's immediate family would willingly lay down their life rather than give up his identity – an identity that, if he was to pursue his birthright as Isildur's heir, must sooner or later be announced to the world - had shaken him to the core. Despite his long held reservations as to the imprudence of his blood, that act of loyalty had at last inspired Aragorn to reexamine his willingness to pursue the patrimony bequeathed to him by virtue of his ancestry. He had told no one, and would not now, unless he could offer the tidings first to Legolas. Though it appeared it was too late. The end was near and he had no expectation that any of his fervent prayers would be answered. Death did not so much stalk as wait, and it was patient. He bowed his head over the hand cupped between his own, and kissed each finger. "You made a promise; I call upon you now to fulfill it." The low cry was wrenched from his heart as tears pooled irrepressibly, spilling over to splash heedlessly on the translucent skin. He wanted to shake the elf until those green eyes opened wide in disbelief, the pale lips shaped words of remonstrance, the cold fingers curled around his wrists to end the agitation. "I forbid you to die, Legolas Thranduilion." The sheet he had drawn over the elf for modesty's sake drifted down from the hard-muscled chest, clinging to the narrow hips as Aragorn abandoned the chair to perch on the edge of the bed. Sliding an arm beneath the archer's shoulders, he drew the yielding body into an encompassing embrace, pressing Legolas' ear to his chest. He knew no other remedy, but he refused to relinquish hope before the body cradled against his chest ceased to breath. "Let the beat of my heart sustain you; let the breath of my body fill you; let the blood of my veins cleanse you. You will hold nothing back!" Had he held a mortal, flesh and bone would have been gasping for air, but such was the marvel of elven anatomy, even when only one heartbeat echoed in response to twenty of his own, Legolas lay peaceful and serene in his arms. Time became measured in those heartbeats. On the distant horizon, Tilion, peering down on the tender scene from his steerage port, anchored the last flower of Telperion and cast down its rays upon the pair, bathing the chamber in a subtle iridescent glow. As though wriggling fingers plunged into the warp and weft of time, its length and breadth spread, eternity obligingly stretching to accommodate the meddling. Aragorn, his attention focused