A dream is more powerful than a thousand realities. – J.R.R. Tolkien In My Father's House They had ridden through the night as though pursued by unseen enemies – hard and fast, heedless of the twin perils of moonless night and driving rain. Perhaps purposely, Aragorn had thought, as a subtle measure of his mettle. The grudgingly offered compliment from his grandsire - that he had done well - had been as amusing as it had been irritating. It was not as if he was unaccustomed to long, hard rides; after all, he had begun at the age of two with just such a ride, and been riding afar with his brothers on their knight errantry from the time he had been esteemed enough in battle skills to hold his own. True, he had dismounted stiffly before Fornost's Hall of Council, but so had the entirety of the escort that had ridden to meet him at the House of Elrond. A courtesy, he was certain, that had been extended only at the insistence of his foster father. They had gone directly in to the hall, apparently without thought of changing into dry clothing. At home, no guest would have been treated so discourteously, but this was not home and it had not mattered anyway, as everything Aragorn had with him had been thoroughly soaked. He could not have said what he had expected, but the Dunedain's Hall of Council had been the antithesis in every way of the home he knew. From the outside, a squat, ugly, rectangular building crouched at the end of a long greensward; the benches and settles inside, crudely carved, the drafty fireplace barely drawing, leaving him shivering in his wet clothing. The hall had been respectfully quiet during the short welcome speeches many of the older men - contemporaries of his father - had given. And appropriately noisy when toasts had been made to his safe return to the fold. But overall the atmosphere had felt oppressively subdued to Aragorn, who was finding himself still far more comfortable in the skin of Estel. Released at last from the forlorn displays of the heraldry of his suddenly restored house, and the inquisition convened under the guise of a home-coming celebration, Aragorn walked through the settlement toward the apex of the converging rivers, thankful the rain had finally stopped. Had he been presented with a view of the tattered and worn shields and banners, ostensibly decorating the hall, within a day or two after he had first received the relics of his ancestry and learned the truth of his birth, he might have appreciated their somewhat tarnished splendor. He had, admittedly, been rather full of himself in the immediate aftermath of the disclosure of his name and birthright. Those heady moments of undiluted joy had lasted just long enough to fall hopelessly in love, but it had not taken long for the reality of the revelations to sink in. Still, he had not understood the weight of the heritage the son of Arathorn bore, until this afternoon. He was no untried stripling, but neither was he prepared to shoulder the responsibilities born by the bearer of the ring upon his finger. It was one thing to know that in order to mount the throne he had inherited, he must wrest it from the line of Stewards who had ruled by default for twenty-four generations. Quite another to realize that by virtue of his true name, the title of The Dúnadan , and the obligations that title carried, had devolved to him upon his majority. He was chieftain of the scattered remnant of Númenor, leader of a people whose fate it was to protect and serve the inhabitants of Middle-earth. He had been raised to serve and protect, though it had never occurred to him that he would be accounted a leader of Men merely because of an antique trinket. That ring, an ugly piece of jewelry he did not care for, was twice cursed. The device of twining serpents – one devouring, the other uplifting a crown of golden flowers – gave him the shivers ever his eye chanced to fall upon it. And now it represented the doom that would shadow the rest of his life did he choose to take up the mantle his father had worn. The ring's device was the badge of the house of Finarfin. In reality, no trinket but a priceless heirloom given as a gift from elf to man for a life saved, and passed down through Ages from father to son in an unbroken line. One could not just throw it in the river – as Aragorn longed to do. To him, the repulsive ring represented not the sign of eternal friendship between Finrod and the House of Barahir, but the devouring of the only life he had ever known. It relegated him to an existence devoid of the only kin he had any memory of, thrust him into a role he knew little about, and offered as reward a kingship he must take by force from a people who were of the same race as the relatives he had just left behind. The sense of anticipation in the hall, and the nearly palpable disappointment when it appeared he had failed to live up to those expectations, had been a bit … overwhelming. And those relatives had not even waited for the door to close behind him before raised voices had been shouting one another down. Aragorn rubbed the back of his neck wearily. It ached; probably from the stiff position in which he had held himself throughout the seemingly endless formalities. Though if the sun rose and set in Fornost as it did in Rivendell, it appeared less than two hours had passed. They had arrived late in the afternoon, and now the last of the late appearing sun's rays were just splashing the head waters of the Mitheithel and the Bruinen with streaks of gold. But no – in the tongue of Men, the rivers were called Hoarwell and Loudwater, he reminded himself as he stared out unseeing over the roaring water, his internal vision eclipsing his usually acute auditory and visual senses. Arien's eastward journey was unheeded as thoughts of home, and the family he considered himself too old to miss so dreadfully, swamped Estel. Ahhh … no again. No longer Estel of the house of Elrond; here he was Aragorn, son of Arathorn. An imposter in both worlds and the ache of it smote like a bruising broadside from Glorfindel during sword lessons. At any other time the gilt-edged luminosity of the lengthening shadows and the incandescence of the boiling convergence of the headwaters would have caught and held his eye for the beauty of it. Tonight he saw only the reflection of the bright memory of the Last Homely House, its illusory light making him long to trot over the bridge into the welcoming warmth of family and home. He bent and picked up a stick, breaking it into small pieces to pitch into the deceiving reflection of memory upon the water. As intended, the rippling disturbance broke the hold of his recall, sending it off in another direction. In one thing only had the king's education, he now understood he had received, been deficient. His formative years had been barren of contact with any other than the elves of Imladris. Now he understood, too, all those mornings when he had been whisked off by his tutor to some sylvan bower, leaving behind books and parchments to study horticulture, or animal husbandry, further out among the buildings of the sprawling stable block. And his brothers, when they had been home, taking him adventuring on great quests of youthful daring. As an adult, he had been introduced simply as Estel, with no explanation as to why one of the Edain lived in the house of Elrond. And even those encounters had been relatively few. As a result, though he had never been particularly shy, neither was he of effusive character and he had found it particularly daunting to be the focus of so many strangers all at once here in Fornost. He missed the twins acerbic wit. He could have used their didactic asides coaching him back there in the hall. They had offered to ride escort as well, but Aragorn, sensing the mute disapproval of his mother's father, had declined. Whether he had absorbed it from living amongst the inhabitants of Imladris, or his instinctual capacity for empathic resonance as a healer had merely been nurtured in the environment, he had an almost elven intuition for the sensing of emotions in others. And that had been the other disconcerting issue of the seemingly long afternoon. Having been raised among a race to which eternal life had been granted, over thousands of years strong emotions among the elders had diminished, especially in this time of peace and prosperity. To encounter such a wide range of sharply clarified perceptions all aimed at him had been exhausting to deflect. Turning from the river, Aragorn walked back into the growing dusk, his soft elven boots whispering over the uneven ground as his steps directed him toward the cabin his grandsire had pointed out on their arrival. It belonged to him now, he had been told. Yet another bit of patrimony that had long been his, all unknowing. He glanced back warily, one foot planted on the bottom tread of the steps leading up to his parents home, wondering if he might slip away for an hour unnoticed. If he went in to the cabin he was sure to have company before long and he needed to regain some control over his own wildly rioting emotions. Needed to find a place where he could forge new connections with the earth in this place, introduce himself, and seek solace in the act of replenishing his severely depleted energy as Master Elrond had taught him to do. He turned on the ball of his other foot as if to leave. And heard the voices of the past calling to him with quiet urgency. Resigned, the new Dúnadan pivoted to face the house again. Primitive, was his first assessment as he stood eyeing the structure. His gaze wandered over the rough hewn logs chinked with mud, the iron-bound planks and cast-iron hinges of the door. The house bore the same builder's stamp as the Hall of Council, though it lay east to west, perpendicular to the hall across the greensward. Vastly different from the home that called so strongly to him still, images of its grace and beauty continuing to flood his soul with both longing and dread. But he was here in a place he had dreamed of and imagined for years: on the steps of a home he did not remember, where a man of whom he had no memory had lived a foreshortened life, planting a seed in his mother that had come full circle, to stand now where his father's feet had stood before. The house called to him in a way the cacophony of his relatives voices had not; cajolingly, coaxing back the curiosity that had fled before the onslaught in the hall. Up three, close-set steps, across a wide-planked porch roofed over with boards that had been weather-proofed with pitch and tar. The door latch gave easily beneath his fingers and the door swung open on well-oiled hinges. It was the scent of his mother that filled his senses - lavender and mint - as he stepped over the threshold. Eighteen years the house had sat empty, but the distillation of her fragrance still permeated the space. The tightness in his chest that had been steadily increasing from the moment he had left behind the border of Imladris, eased, though it did not completely dissipate. The lingering disquiet hovered at the edge of his mind, an unknown shadow that had been lurking in his soul, released