This is an edit/repost of this story. I usually allow these to sit long enough that this kind of edit is not required, but while podcasting the story, there was an addition that required a bit of rewriting to add the new scene. A Concerto in Minor Chords … the third movement Minas Tirith at sunset The wind gusting down Mount Mindolluin keened around the edges of Ecthelion's tower, whistling an appropriately eerie melody on this afternoon of the first day of March, in the year one hundred and twenty of the Fourth Age. At the uttermost top of the White Tower's gleaming façade, the same wind caught in the folds of a grey cloak, clasped by a green and silver wrought leaf at the throat of a tall figure leaning upon his hands on the parapet. Its machinations largely unnoticed, the wind tangled flurrying fingers in the long strands of bright hair, alternately whipping it across unseeing eyes or teasing it back over broad shoulders to flare like a signal fire. He had closed his ears to the sound, but he could still feel the reverberations of the bells beneath his feet, tolling continuously since the moment the king had closed his eyes in the long sleep of men. It was done; this thing he had dreaded for far too long, yet far too short a time. Earlier in the day… The prod at the small of his back caught him so unexpectedly, Legolas whirled, centuries of instinct streaking his hand up to snatch at the bow he had not carried for two generations of men. "Get a hold of yourself," the dwarf hissed, the sound barely a breath between his clenched teeth so the trio ahead did not hear. Legolas swung back around, ignoring the Norgoth as if he had not spoken, likely infuriating the dwarf, but he did not care. Gimli was doing his best to treat this like just another morning walk around the city, much as they had been wont to do when Aragon had first been crowned. This morning it was anything but one of their meandering getting-to-know-the-city tours. Their steps were purposeful, each echo of the cobblestones to booted footstep striking the elf's heart like a hammer blow. Soon those footsteps would cease. Soon the silver-streaked, dark head would rest upon a cushion of stone. Soon the mithril-colored eyes would close in a last, long sleep. Soon this mortal would be gone beyond the Circles of this World. Legolas was not minded to stifle his grief. If his face betrayed the turmoil in his breast, so be it. He would not try to compose his mourning visage. His experience of time had been forever altered by close companionship with mortals, but this morning its properties baffled him. A single glance stretched for an eternity, while the sands in the hour glass poured so swiftly the measure must surely have been substantially underweighted. Time pushed against his chest so he moved as though against a strong tide, the burden of it pressed so heavily upon his spirit that no amount of internal or external chastisement could square his shoulders or lift his head. He did catch up though, so they walked together, the last remnant of the Fellowship flanking the king's lady and their tall, grey-eyed son. Gimli beside Eldarion, Legolas, as always, at Aragorn's side, the royal family, hands tightly clasped, between the pair. Gondor knew its history. The dwarven carving of a new tomb at the end of Rath Dinen had not gone unnoticed. Rumor and speculation had been rife for weeks and Aragorn, for the first and last time in his reign, had refused to bow to the will of his people and had chosen instead, the back ways, leading them through alleys and lanes even Legolas, who knew the city like the palm of his hand, had rarely seen. Whether by design or chance, Aragorn was guiding them the long way around to the sixth circle gate, the Steward's Door that could be opened only by the Lord of the City or those who attended in the Houses of the Dead. A league off, over on the broad thoroughfare marking the center of the city, the folk of Minas Tirith lined the streets as the king's ceremonial guard, their horses hooves muffled by sacking, paced a silent funereal procession through the thunderously quiet streets. The passing of a king could not be done in secret. The farewells had all been made; public, private and personal. Aragorn's decision stated and restated many times over his long reign, his philosophy such a part of the Telcontar family that no one thought to gainsay this choice. No one, that is, but the elf. Aragorn had remained gently, but firmly true to his course. Legolas, surely the most patient human to have walked Arda Marred in centuries - at least by his own estimation - was torn by conflicting desires . One part of him was cheering – Aye! Take the long way; inspect every building, turn over every rock and stone, stop and make long lists of things to be done. Perhaps , he thought, somewhere along the way you will find the will to live on . While the other side of his mind was screaming at their convoluted path, knowing the man would not change his mind, wanting it over and done with so the dreaded finality of this day would at last be behind him. The sundering of his heart was making him ill. Through the gate of Fen Hollen … down the long, winding, walled pathway to Rath Dínen … mounting the shallow steps of the House of Kings … negotiating the maze of marble tombs of kings long gone … And then, suddenly, or so it had seemed to Legolas, they were standing at the foot of Peregrin Took's effigy. Aragorn reached to tweak Pippin's hairy stone toe. "Fool of Took." Aragorn smiled fondly upon the Halfling as he repeated Gandalf's oft used epithet. Bowing his head, he fisted a hand to his heart in a last salute and turned to lead them to the chamber newly carved into the mountainside. Outwardly, age had touched the man but lightly; mithril now threaded the dark locks, the legs that had borne the human through the Dwimorberg were slower it was true, and the hand that had carried the Sword of the West into the battle that had ended Sauron's reign of terror over Middle-earth had difficulty closing around the hilt of a sword. Legolas had watched Faramir fight this fight, too, but the steward, who shared Númenórean ancestry with the king, had hung on until old age had defeated him. Intellectually, Legolas understood Aragorn's timing; his heart, however, refused to accommodate these truths. Aragorn had chosen as the faithful forefathers of old, passing the mantle of leadership to his heir in the vast quiet of the empty throne room, with only family in attendance. There would be a coronation ceremony, but the real power, the power of the sword and the office, had already been bestowed. Aragorn would sleep with a blade, but not Andúril; it would pass down through generations to come, and rode already in a sheath at Eldarion's side. Thirty steps. Thirty steps between Pippin's bier and Aragorn's. Legolas wanted thirty steps more. Ached for thirty minutes more. Desired above all else, thirty years more. The arching vaults were large and airy, the multiple supporting columns - set well out from the bier - intricately carved with the tale of the reign of Elessar Telcontar and Arwen Evening Star, his elven queen. Aragorn smiled again, at this last subversive act of the remaining members of the Fellowship. He had desired no monument, for he felt that he had done no more or less than any other individual called to serve a people. History would remember him or not, without laud or laurels. In this, however, neither Gimli nor Legolas would be swayed, and since Gimli had had the foremanship of the work, they had conspired together. Legolas had written the account and Gimli had had it set into the marble and stone columns, carving the final one - behind the catafalque - himself, with the perfect likenesses of the king and queen walking hand-in-hand down the broad avenue of Minas Tirith on their wedding day. Aragorn ran his fingers over the granite face of his wife lingeringly. "Your finest work, Gimli," he said with quiet gratitude. "Aye, it is," the dwarf agreed. "It grieves me that I did not go first; though the satisfaction of besting you one last time almost makes it worth it." Gimli stuck his hands in his belt, his gaze conveying all the words his tongue would not shape. "It would have been far wiser to make me Regent, you know. The elf will not do the job half so well as I would have done." "Likely you speak the truth," Aragorn assented with a slight twitch of his lips. "But Legolas would not accept the title of Regent, and I expect that you will be there to support him in his role as advisor, Master Gimli." "Well, that, of course I am quite capable of, even in my dotage." Gimli advanced upon the king, wrapping his arms around the man's waist. "Now then, I understand your choice, Aragorn." He tightened his grip, receiving an equal measure of warmth in return. "But it has worn us all thin as sliced salmon, let us be done with it so that we may be about our mourning," he said, letting go and stepping back abruptly. "You are wise, my friend, as always." Aragorn turned and held out his arms to his tall, dark-haired son, so alike to him in spirit and mien. "Hold to your purpose and you will not go wrong. You have wisdom, if not great age, and I leave you in the best hands possible. Though these bones be mortal, my is love is eternal, it cannot die so long as you keep it in your heart." "Your legacy will be honored in my kingdom, Sire." Eldarion 's voice broke as he added in a ragged whisper, "Atarinya, I love you." "And I you, my son." Aragorn's hand lingered on the dark head as he withdrew gently from his son's fierce embrace, his other hand reaching for Arwen. Their private farewells had been said over and over during a last long night of adoration. "I wish you will reconsider, my love." The words were a mere whisper of sound though they echoed through the vault as he touched his lips to hers. "That is not your choice," Arwen said equitably and just as quietly, her eyes soft and her hands tender as she stroked the beloved bearded cheeks one last time. "And no argument will sway me. You will be mine for eternity." Aragorn kissed her forehead before she turned within the circle of his broad hands and stepped away. Without looking back, she grasped the hand of her son, then swayed gracefully to scoop up the hand of the dwarf as well, the drape of her black velvet train shushing across the marble floor as she led them away. Aragorn stepped back, hitching a hip upon the stone bier as though it were his desk, or the arm of that piece of state furniture he so seldom sat directly upon. He had thoroughly disliked the formality of the throne and used it far more often as a footstool or a convenient prop for his sword than as a chair from which jurisprudence was practiced. As often as not, petitioners had found him sitting on the bottom step to hear their appeals. In Annúminas, he had refused to allow a throne to be built at all, preferring, to the consternation of aides and supplicants alike, to conduct the business of the reunited realms from his office. The court would likely retreat