Hello again, my dear readers! I couldn't stay away from Everlark for too long so here is the start of a new story for you. It takes place mostly during Mockingjay, but there are some twists in the original plots of Catching Fire (as you will see) and Mockingjay both. I know I'm not the first to go this route, but I hope you like my take on it. As always, please feel free to leave reviews and let me know what you think. Your thoughts are greatly appreciated. Until next time...happy reading! Disclaimer: Some dialogue taken from Suzanne Collins and Francis Lawrence's movie, The Hunger Games: Catching Fire Warning: Mature content ahead! Prologue ~Katniss~ THE NIGHT BEFORE THE QUELL Peeta and I lay in bed, trying to push the thoughts of the Quarter Quell from our minds and get some sleep. But after lying there for what felt like hours, I began to give up trying to sleep. I lay on my side, with my head on Peeta's chest, listening to his steady heartbeat. Normally, the sound lulled me to sleep, but not tonight. Peeta's arm was around my shoulder and I felt him squeeze me gently. "Peeta?" I whispered. "Hmm?" he responded. "Can you sleep?" "No," he said, shifting slightly. "I gave up a while ago." "Me too," I said sighing. We were silent for a moment before I sat up to look at him. "I don't want to be with anyone else in the arena. Just you." "If that's what you want." "That's what I want." He nodded, the grief so evident in the lines of his face that my heart constricted at the sight. I don't know what exactly led me to do it, if it was the sadness I felt over seeing him so depressed or the fact that I was planning to die for him in the arena, but I leaned forward and kissed him gently on the lips. He seemed shocked for a moment and didn't kiss me back, but I lingered, willing his lips to mold to mine and they did. My lips parted slightly, and I slowly slid the tip of my tongue over his lips. He pulled back from me. "Katniss," he began to protest, but I leaned forward and kissed him again. His hand came up and gently pushed my shoulder back. "Katniss, what are you doing?" he asked, the confusion on his face contradicting the longing in his eyes. "Kissing you," I replied simply, leaning forward to kiss him again, but he held me back and shifted so he was sitting up straighter. "Katniss, stop. What's going on?" "I…I just want to kiss you," I whispered, beginning to feel embarrassed. "I thought you would like that…" His brow furrowed. "Well, I…I do like it, but…I don't want you to kiss me just because you think that's what I want." It suddenly hit me how selfish I was being. All of our kissing had been in front of the cameras, and while I'm sure Peeta wanted to believe that I was kissing him because I wanted to, I had already broken his heart once before. While he still remained selfless and kind, he was more guarded now. I hadn't even considered his feelings when I kissed him just now. And why did I kiss him? Was it because I wanted to? I wasn't sure if that was it, but I knew that I liked the feeling it brought me. It had a way of making me forget what lay ahead of us. His eyes were locked on my face, as if he could read all of my thoughts. I met his stare and said, "I want to." His eyes widened slightly, but immediately narrowed as if he were suspicious. I leaned in close to him so that our lips were almost touching and whispered, "I want this, Peeta." And then I put my lips back on his. I was mildly surprised at my forwardness. But as his lips began to melt into mine, I remembered why I wanted this. His desire began to overcome his restraint as his hands came up to hold my face. His tongue began to probe the seam of my lips and I parted them for him, our tongues dancing and exploring each other's mouths. I realized I had never kissed Peeta this way before. And I had definitely never kissed him this way without cameras around. I realized I liked kissing him like this. It was making me dizzy and breathless, and made me feel light as a feather. He was leaning against the headboard, mostly sitting up, and I sat with my body facing his. I tilted my head so that he could deepen the kiss and found myself drawing closer to him. I was now partially leaning on him, my hands on his chest. His hands moved to my sides, pulling me even closer until our chests were flush against each other. We searched for new angles, our gasps mingling, and the heat mounting. All thoughts of the Quarter Quell left my mind as I became lost in this kiss. I began to wonder how I had never allowed myself to feel this before. Is this what Peeta had dreamed of all along? All of my senses were becoming heightened and I noticed things I had never noticed before. Like how sculpted Peeta's chest muscles felt under my fingertips, how strong but gentle his hands were, how soft and sweet his lips tasted. Suddenly, as if they had a mind of their own, my hands were slipping down his chest to the hem of his shirt. I slowly slid my hands underneath, feeling his stomach muscles flinch at my touch and goosebumps rise on his skin. I ran my hands over his bare skin, feeling the light dusting of hair around his navel and across his chest. When I stretched my arms to reach around his back and dug my nails in, this seemed to trigger something in him. He groaned as his lips left mine and began to kiss across my cheek and down my neck. I moaned slightly as his actions sent shivers down my spine. His hands began to knead the flesh of my hips, as if they were itching to touch more of me. I leaned my head back farther for him to have better access to my neck. I didn't want him to stop what he was doing, but he did when my hands ran down the tops of his thighs. He was panting, his breath ragged. I opened my eyes to see why he had stopped. Even though I could tell he was trying to calm down, I could see his eyes smoldering in the moonlight. And I noticed other things too. Like how his hair was now mussed and his lips were swollen. "Katniss," he breathed out. "I…We…We should stop." "Why?" I asked, sounding a little too innocent. He swallowed audibly. "I don't want you to do anything you'll regret," he whispered, dropping his eyes from my stare and running his hands over his face. I knew what he was referring to. I had never really given much thought to it in the past, resolute in my decision to never get married or have children. But the way Peeta was making me feel right now was quickly making that decision seem less and less significant. And getting lost like this made all of my grief seem so distant. I didn't want Peeta to stop. I wanted to get lost in him. I gently pried his hands away from his face and forced him to look up at me. The longing was still etched in his face, but his eyes were full of regret. I wanted him to be able to forget his grief too – if only for a little while. I leaned forward and kissed him again, hoping this kiss would convey what I wanted him to understand. It must have worked because it seemed the rest of his restraint dissolved. He suddenly grabbed me and guided me to lie down next to him on the bed. As our kissing became more and more heated, I drew closer to him again until our bodies were flush against each other. I felt something hard poking my lower abdomen and flushed as I realized what it was. Normally, I think this would be something that Peeta would be embarrassed about, but he was so far gone he probably didn't even think about it. And normally, this would be something that I would panic about, but instead it had the opposite effect. I felt oddly proud that I was responsible for his excitement. So I wrapped my leg around him to pull him closer to me until he was pressed against my core. He let out a deep moan as I pushed against him and kissed me with more fervor. My hands trailed down to the edge of his shirt again until I was tugging it back up. We stopped kissing for a moment to remove his shirt and then immediately reconnected once it was flung to the side. My hands explored his naked chest, running my fingers down his stomach and feeling the muscles twitch in my wake. His hands squeezed my hips, and his fingers burned against my bare skin where my shirt had slightly ridden up. I tried to subtly maneuver in a way that made my shirt rise farther. I wanted to feel his hands on me. But Peeta, ever the gentlemen, would need a more obvious hint than that before he did something so bold with me. "Peeta…" I breathed as he began to trail kisses down my neck and to my collar bone. I felt his tongue flick against my skin and I shivered with pleasure. A heat that I didn't understand was beginning to pool between my legs and I moaned as I pushed myself against him. He seemed even harder than before. I had the sudden urge to feel him, but was completely unsure of how to do it properly so I continued running my hands over his naked chest and back, feeling his sculpted muscles. To my surprise, his hands began to move further up my sides until they were just under my breasts. Not close enough to touch them, but enough to make me want him to touch them. Realizing that he wasn't going to do it himself, I grabbed the edge of my nightshirt and pulled it over my head, breaking our kiss. His eyes widened. I noticed that he was doing all he could to keep his eyes on my face, but I gently took his hands and placed them back where they had been before, just under my breasts. I wasn't wearing a bra and the burning sensation where his hands were intensified. His will finally broke and he glanced down at my bared breasts. His eyes smoldered and his mouth fell slightly open. Once he looked though, it was as if he couldn't look away. I pushed against him again to pull him out of his trance, and we moaned in unison at the delicious friction. Then his hands were suddenly caressing the sides of my breasts with feathery light touches. I gasped at the sensation and arched towards him, desperately seeking for him to touch me. He seemed to catch the hint and kissed me tenderly as his hands fully cupped my small breasts. His thumbs began to rub around my nipples, which had hardened and puckered significantly, and I moaned more loudly. Peeta's mouth covered my own to drown out the moan as he continued to massage my breasts and tease my nipples. When he kissed down my neck and began peppering kisses on my breasts I thought that there couldn't be a greater feeling, but then his mouth closed around a peak and I gasped loudly, arching into him. He