Ron's eyes flew open and his entire body jolted. He gasped and sputtered as he sat up and tried to figure out where he was. Light filtered in through a single small window in the roof of his attic bedroom, little dust specs flew around gently in the beam of light. His posters, books, and other miscellaneous belongings scattered around the room, all placed exactly as he left it. Ron took deep breathes as he waited for his heart to stop pounding, then flopped onto his back once more. The pillow was damp with sweat underneath his neck, so he turned it over and thought of the images that had been plaguing his dreams. A blue room smeared with lines of light spinning past his vision. Silvers masks with slitted eyes, a room with scaled planets floating in darkness, and those fucking brains . He lifted his right arm up to examine it. A wide and noticeable white scar wrapped around his whole arm like a ribbon, reaching all the way to his chest. On his left arm was a mark that matched. He was pale, so he had hoped that when the scars turned white, they wouldn't stand out so much. But the freckle-less scar tissue practically glowed next to his normal skin. Deciding he was not going to get anymore sleep, Ron thought he should get up out of bed and make himself presentable, like a real productive person. That quickly made plan just as quickly flew out the window. There was a line at the bathroom which included both his sister and soon to be sister in law. Fluer smiled at him and wished him a good morning in her thick sweet accent, but had a look in eyes that said she would fight him if he dared tried to get between her and her shower. Not ready to interact with anyone yet, he went back up to his bedroom and laid down again, not bothering to change from his tank top and pajama pants. The end of fifth year had been beyond overwhelming. The O.W.L.s should have been enough. But then the stuff with Dumbledore's Army happened, and the battle at the department of mysteries...he hadn't yet admitted to anyone but himself how badly scared he was of the inevitable danger. Even with all Harry's teachings, he felt terribly unprepared, and his performance at the battle at the Ministry proved as much. He thought of how useless he had been, tripping over himself and giggling. His face heated up with shame. It was a miracle that none of his school friends had died. Since coming home, it was all he could think about, how easily things could have been worse had the Order not shown up when they did. His mind drifted were it often did when he was feeling bored and self-piteous. To his ideal girlfriend, existing only in his mind, who would be comforting him now if she existed with cuddles and supporting words. Not in the overly bearing way his mother would, or the fed up unsympathetic way his friends often did, but a perfect balance that only a human in a fantasy could. An image of Hermonie briefly entered his mind. Never happening . He deflated a little more. On top of it all, he felt guilty. Because no matter how awful he felt, how strained and anxious and lonely, Harry was probably having a much harder time. Sirius was dead, and Harry was off to live with those awful muggles again. Ron remembered earlier that year when he thought his dad might die, and his stomach clenched. Thank Merlin for that at least...But how long would they continue getting lucky? Would somebody else in his family die next? He remembered Hermione's comment about him having the emotional range of a teaspoon. Maybe he could sympathize with Cho more these days. But at least he wasn't crying all the damn time. But Harry had not spoken to him since then. After the first few unanswered letters, Ron had stopped trying to reach him. Maybe his friend just preferred to mourn alone. But Ron couldn't help but stress at the absence of communication. Maybe he was angry with him, since Ron had been a useless idiot during the battle at the Department of Mysteries. Getting hit in the head by that unknown spell, then falling over himself and giggling at the plant Uranus. Injuring himself by summoning the brain. The memories made him burn with shame. He was interrupted from self loathing by the shrill scream of his mother. "RONALD! L-LETTER!" Well, she sounded strangely startled about something simple like post. He sprang out of bed and rushed down the attic latter. He realized why when he got to the kitchen. There was a massive bloody bald eagle perched on a chair at the table. A letter it had just dropped laid in from of it, with his name on it. Bald eagles were not native to England, or the eastern hemisphere for that matter. Ron had never seen one that wasn't in a picture. Merlin he never realized exactly how big they were. He stared at it in frozen shock and the eagle stared back, mildly annoyed. It cawed at him, and the noise made both Ron and his mother jump in surprise. The noise was almost as shocking and impressive as the sight of it. The large bird continued to stare at him. "I think it wants you to open the letter." His mother said. "Oh! right..." He cautiously reached for the letter. He didn't think the bird would attack him, but if it did it could probably take a finger. Ginny wondered in to see what the commotion was, fresh-faced and clean from from her shower. The front of the letter spelled out his full name and address, 'Ronald Bilius Weasley, The Burrow, England' and the back had a fancy blue wax seal with a crest he didn't recognize. He slowly began to remember something from almost a year ago, that had been forgotten in the chaos of his last school year. "What is it?" Mrs. Weasley asked. Ron cracked the seal and pulled out a letter. " ' We are happy to inform you that your request for the student exchange program at [school name] has been accepted' " He read out load, " I applied at the beginning last August, and completely forgot." "Oh my, Ron! Congratulations!" She beamed and hugged him, kissing his forehead. But she couldn't completely hide her underlying expression of concern. She's thinking we can't afford this . Thought Ron. Bill had already had to pass up a similar opportunity to go to Castelobruxo because of the family's financial situation. Ron continued to read the rest of the letter out loud. " Guadalupe school of magic is an alternative education facility originally founded for students afflicted with lycanthropy. It has since then expanded to include many kinds of students to whom do not fit in the traditional system for magical education, or otherwise chose not to attend a traditional school. There is still a large population of students with lycanthropy, so if you wish to accept this exchange opportunity you will be required to vow not reveal the identity of any student or their lycanthropic status to any other person or body of government without their consent. Guadalupe takes the safety and security of its students very seriously and there are consequences should you decide to betray that sense of safety. With that in mind, If you accept this opportunity, please send a response with Aetius, the eagle who delivered your letter within three days. Meanwhile he will likely find the nearest body of water to go hunting in- " Aetius had already taken off out through the window. " All expenses will be covered by the program-" He saw his mother visibly relax . " Including uniform, books, supplies, travel, etc. Please let us know of any specific needs for your lodging and an international portkey will be delivered to you shortly. " Ron finished and laid the letter down on the table. "Whoa," Ginny said. "Are you gonna go?" "Dunno," Ron responded simply. "Well, I understand if you don't want to leave your friends. But now would be the time to make some foreign allies, which is what programs like this are partially about." His mother said. "It would be a good opportunity" She added. He sat down at the table with the letter in front of him. His friends. Shit. He thought of battle at the ministry, of Harry's unhesitating bravery and Hermione's unrivaled mind. His own uselessness. No doubt, they could survive just one year without him. But would they be angry about it? Think he was abandoning them? Voldemort had just returned... But this was a once in a lifetime opportunity, And none of his brothers had ever gotten the chance to study abroad, maybe he'd finally have something that was just his, and maybe he learn something that would make him more useful in the approaching war. He envisioned himself coming back at the end of the year, transformed into a teammate of equal skill to his two best friends. Someone with an air of coolness and confidence that drew people in. It was silly, but one can dream. "Yeah, Alright, I think I'll do it." Later that night Ron sat down to write his response letter. Not completely sure how formal he was suppose to be, or who he was actually writing to, he ended up writing an awkward: Yes, I'd love to attend your school this year. I accept the vow and promise not to tell anybody about who is and isn't a werewolf. -Ronald Weasley He sent it off before he could stress too much and rewrite it again. If he did that he might never respond in time. Aetius had appeared in the kitchen almost immediately when he finished the letter, and took off with it without so much as a second glance at Ron. The Response appeared just a few days later. The large eagle, now a familiar sight, perched on the back of a chair at the kitchen table. Two envelopes placed in front of it this time. One looked exactly as the previous one did, with his name in neat fancy writing and a blue seal. The other just said "Ron" scrawled in round, bubbly handwritten letters. He read the formal one first. Ronald Bilius Weasley We're happy to hear you will be joining us for our next school year. In one week, Aetius will drop off an approved international portkey that will activate at exactly 7:00 am your time on the 10th of June. You will arrive at a tourist destination called Colter Bay Village. There will be No-Maj, or muggles as you call them nearby so we ask that you do not perform any magic, and dress inconspicuously. Two of our most esteemed students will meet you there and lead you to the school's entrance. Have a good rest of the summer. A small jolt of panic shot through his chest. A week? The school year wasn't suppose to begin for months. Why did they want him to travel over so soon? He was hoping he'd have some time to figure out how to tell Hermione and Harry that he'd be leaving them for a whole year. He took a deep breath, and opened the second letter. Hi Ron My name is Tony, I'm one of the "esteemed" students that will be meeting you in Colter Bay. I'm in our school Young Leaders program along with Joshua, who you'll also be meeting soon. Thought I'd send this letter so that you could get to know me a little bit before you pop on over. What did you think of the bird? I think it's hilariously overdone, like, we might as well have enchanted the envelope so that little fireworks