A Foreign Affair A Theo Nott Romance Chapter 1: Acknolwedgements: This is a fanfic for J.K. Rowling's characters and conceptions in "Harry Potter". I do not claim rights to characters other than Alessandra Aragòn-Morales and similar original characters. All other familiar names, places, and titles belong to J.K. Rowling. Rating: T for some coarse language, alcohol, violence and dark themes, and some sexual content. "¡Alessandra! Venga abajo! Lessie!" "¡Un minuto, Mamá!" Lessie sat at the bay window of her room; the afternoon breeze blew through the curtains, and lifted the strands of her dark hair that had fallen from her long braid. Her dark eyebrows were knitted together in concentration as she wrote in her thick journal. Finishing her thought, Lessie put her quill down and snapped her journal shut before she jumped out of her seat and bounded down the marble steps of her large San Diego home. "Mamá," Lessie called once downstairs. "There's a letter for you!" Her mom's answer floated from the kitchen. Lessie broke out into the grin and dashed into the kitchen. Sure enough, she found her mother stirring a pot at the stove in their large kitchen. Though they had house-elves, Valeria Aragón-Morales wanted to be the one to cook for her family. On the center island was a crème-colored envelope. Lessie picked up the envelope. In elegant calligraphy- Alessandra Julieta Aragón-Morales —her name was spiraled on the front. On the back, Ilvermorny's crest sealed the envelope. Lessie slid her finger under the flap of the envelope and extracted a letter. "It's probably the letter from the results of the Exchange Program," she said. Her heart hammered wildly. This was it! Valeria put the wooden spoon down and she turned to face her daughter. "Well," she asked, "what does it say?" Lessie extracted the letter and scanned the contents. "Dear Miss Alessandra J. Aragón-Morales, earlier this year you applied to Ilvermorny's trial exchange program. Based on your merits, recommendations from peers and professors, and your application, we are pleased to inform you that you have been selected to pilot Ilvermorny's global studies program—I got in! I was accepted!" "Congratulations, mijita !" Valeria went to her daughter and kissed her forehead. Lessie smiled as she put the letter back in her envelope—she would glue it in her journal later. "Now, help me with dinner," asked Valeria, already walking away. "Your brothers and father will be home very soon. As will your sister and her husband. Remember, Maria and Miguel are visiting today." X Dinner was a loud and boisterous affair as all of Lessie's immediately family gathered outside to eat. Because all of the family was there, and to celebrate Lessie's accomplishment, Spanish wine from the Aragón vineyards—Valeria's home country—was served. "I believe a congratulations is in order," Carlos Morales, Lessie's father said over the chatter of his family. Everyone quieted to give him his or her attention. "Lessie has been chosen to pilot the Exchange Program with her school. We are so proud of her." Everyone turned to look at Lessie who tried not to shrink under the sudden attention. There was a long pause of silence. "Which school will you choose," asked Maria, Lessie's older sister, breaking the silence. Her back was straight her posture stiff. "Hogwarts," Lessie answered without hesitation. "It's the best school outside of Ilvermorny." "That's very far away," Michael, her eldest brother, said, his brown eyes narrowing. "It is," Lessie agreed, guarded. "She will go," her father decided, his eyes locked on his youngest child, and Lessie felt the tension leave her shoulders. "Everyone is good at something, and Lessie's talent, like her mothers, is magic." " Bruja ," Jonathan, the brother that was six years older than her murmured quietly enough for only her to hear. Lessie bit her bottom lip to keep from flinching. o Lessie sat in her room later that night, quietly listening to the crickets outside of her window when her father came into her room. Lessie smiled gently when Carlos took a seat next to her at the bay window. "If you keep frowning like that, the wind will turn and your face will change," said Carlos with a gentle smile. Lessie crossed her eyes and made a face, but she found her father's beliefs in old wives' tales endearing. "Is it really okay for me to go, Papá?" "Go," her father said, nodding solemnly. "Home will always be here when you need us." "Will it?" Lessie drew her knees to her chest and frowned again. "They don't like me. They've always thought of me as strange." "Your brothers and sister are jealous," said Carlos. "Think about it, they love your mother, and you are from your mother and me, how could they hate you?" It was true, her siblings were all her half-siblings, Valeria was Carlos's second wife after his first wife passed away. Carlos had met Valeria—a beautiful pure-blooded Spanish witch when he was on a business trip to Spain many years ago. "See," Carlos said, seeing Lessie scowl as she let the information sink. "They don't know how to show it, but they love you very much. If you need them, they will protect you." "I suppose." Lessie giggled when her father pulled her into a hug. Of all his children, Carlos Morales had the softest of spots for his youngest child—her adventurous and ambitious heart was just like his. "Your mother has told me about Hogwarts," said Carlos. "So, when you go, I want you to only use your mother's name." Lessie pulled back to look at her father. Her hard-working, intelligent, No-maj father had a knowing look in his dark eyes. Lessie bit her bottom lip. She knew over in Europe the stigma against half-blood and no-maj born witches and wizards was strict. She was determined to change it. Therefore she nodded after a moment's hesitation. The next day when she sent her confirmation letter to Hogwarts, she applied as Alessandra Julieta Aragón. X "Be safe, Alessandra," Valeria murmured as she kissed her daughter's forehead. Worry creased the proud Spanish woman's brow as she searched her daughter's brown eyes. "I will, Mamá," Alessandra promised. "Maybe she shouldn't go. Carlos." Valeria turned to her husband as they waited by Platform Nine-and-three-quarters to see Lessie off. "The rumors that Hogwarts isn't safe. Even though Ilvermorny is in session, Lessie can go back-" Carlos touched his black mustache, as he often did when deep in thought. "No, I'm going to Hogwarts." Alessandra looked at her parents. Shortly after sending in her confirmation letter, Ilvermorny and Hogwarts informed Lessie's family of the recent events of the last school year: the return of Voldemort. Lessie's family grew worried, and Lessie knew in her heart that more than ever, she needed to go. The whistle from Hogwarts Express startled Lessie and she took both of her parents' hands and squeezed them once before she started to walk away. "I'm going," she repeated and offered her parents a smile before she turned to board the train. There was no going back now. o The door to her private compartment slid open, pulling her from her thoughts. Lessie looked up into the face of a tall boy with a book in his hand standing at the opening. He was thin with brown hair and eyes that reminded Lessie of her beloved Pacific Ocean. He also reminded Lessie of a rabbit by the way his teeth seemed just slightly too big for his mouth. His face was impassive when he regarded her. "You look new," the boy said. "I kind of am," Lessie offered a smile. "To Hogwarts at least." "You're not from around here," the boy raised an eyebrow at her. "No," said Lessie, "but you're accent tells me you're from here." " I'm not the one with an accent," the boy raised a dark eyebrow at her, cocking his head head at the sound of her American accent. Something about his blank facial expression reminded Lessie of her mother—the guarded expression of those born into nobility. "I suppose you're right. My name is Lessie." "Lessie?" The boy quirked his eyebrow even higher. The boy regarded Lessie carefully, as if making a decision. Finally he entered the compartment and shut the door, sitting across from her. Lessie smiled with slight satisfaction. "It's short for Alessandra." "You can't be a first year," the boy commented, and Lessie felt him glance quickly at her face and body. Lessie was average height and already had a well-developed figure, but she was sure that the boy that sat across from her would make her feel small if she stood in front of him. Lessie smiled slightly and held up a hand and the boy scoffed, as though unused to being told what to do—just like her older brothers. "So many questions," Lessie laughed. "How about you? Don't I get to know your name?" "Nott," the boy said at last. "Theo Nott." "Theo," Lessie said, "short for Theodore." " Theo ," Theo insisted and Lessie laughed, figuring she was right in guessing his full name. "Well it's nice to meet you, Theo. And I'm not a First Year; I'm a Fifth year. I'm actually an exchange student from Ilvermorny." "That Muggle-loving North American school?" Theo laughed insolently, and Lessie felt anger flare at the sound. "Muggle?" "You don't know what a Muggle is? You know, non-magical people?" "Oh! You mean No-maj! I forgot you had a different word for them. Yes…we're friendly with the non-maj community, specifically if there is a witch or wizard with no-maj lineage—" "You mean Mudbloods," said Theo. He shook his head, unbelieving of Lessie's ease in talking about them . Lessie flinched at the word. She knew that one, and throughout her magical schooling, she was taught to never use that word because it was the same as discriminating against someone's skin color. Theo's clear blue eyes noticed Lessie's involuntary movement. "You're not one of them are you? A Mudblood?" Theo scoffed. "I would manage to find the last remotely private compartment occupied by a Mud—" "No," said Lessie, raising her head high. "I'm not. And you don't have to sit here. Don't you have friends of your own?" "Acquaintances," said Theo. "Friends is a strong word." "Fine, don't you have other acquaintances you can talk to?" "Touched something sensitive, didn't I," asked Theo, completely unapologetic. Lessie frowned as she was torn between irritation with the boy across from her and finding his British accent charming. "I was told Hogwarts was less tolerant than Ilvermorny, and you are a fine example of that, Theodore." "I wouldn't expect you to know anything, Alessandra ," Theo shot back. "Especially if you come from a pitiable school like Ilvermorny." "Ilvermonry is just as good a school as Hogwarts," Lessie fired back. "I'll have you know, Theodore, I am the top of my year and that's why I was selected for the Exchange Program, and I chose to go to Hogwarts because—" Lessie stopped herself. Theo sat back, smug satisfaction and curiosity on his face. "Because," he prompted. Lessie took a shaking breath and ran her fingers through her long black hair, unaware of Theo's watchful eyes catching her every movement. "Because, I'm interested in foreign affairs and I wanted the opportunity to learn from the best school in Europe," Lessie answered, telling most of the truth. o Theo regarded Lessie. Minutes before he entered her compartment, he had left the compartment that held Blaise Zabini, Greg Goyle, and Vincent Crabbe—he had no interest in such trivial conversation such as Draco's new position as a prefect or what girl let Vincent feel her up over the summer. Then there was Lessie, the American girl that sat across from him. Hours passed in their compartment and she refused to talk to him again, which was fine by him; he wasn't much of a talker to begin with. Every so often, Theo would look up from his book to see Lessie with