Chapter 1: Makeup Saves My Life Twelve year old girls aren't supposed to raise swords in battle. But I did. How did that happen in a "civilized" place like New York? Well, you'd better sit down. It's a long story. You wouldn't think I'd be a warrior. I'm a tiny slip of a thing, with long black hair that my dad Saul brushes like a doll's. My sea green eyes, though, give away that I am kind of a troublemaker. So does the fact that I go to Yancy Academy, a school BUILT for troublemakers. My name is Percea Jackson (Call me Perci) and trouble seems to follow me everywhere. I hoped it wouldn't follow me on this particular field trip, though. My class at Yancy was going to the museum to check out some Greek and Roman stuff. Normally I don't have the best luck with field trips but Mrs. Brunner, my Latin teacher, was on this one. Mrs. Brunner's a middle aged woman in a motorized wheelchair with graying hair always in a pert bun with dimples and a brightly patterned sweater, which always smelled like coffee. You wouldn't think she'd be cool, but she's a sweet old woman with a witty sense of humor and lets us play games in class, and even brings us all baklava every Christmas. She also has an awesome collection of chic Roman clothes and accessories – which she even let me try on! -, so she's the only teacher who doesn't put me to sleep. Anyway, I was determined not to give the poor woman any trouble on this trip. But this total jerk from my class, a ginger-headed clown called Nate Bobofit, wouldn't stop shouting in his annoying Jersey accent to my best friend, Grove. "Hey Underwood!" he called. That's Grove's last name. "Take off ya hat!" Grove has an oversize Bob Marley –type hat, which she wears all the time (even when she's sleeping – I know because we're roommates). I think it's like a security blanket for her, or something. Grove's a pretty shy girl – she's petite and pretty easy to make cry. I also think she was held back a few grades, because she's the only sixth grader with acne and DD's. "C'mon, Cow Boobs Underwood, do it!" Nate yelled. I hate when people make fun of Grove because of her chest. It's not her fault her body's more developed than the rest of us. In fact, I'm kind of jealous of her. I'm still totally flat. "Shut up, Nate," I growled. I'd worn a leather jacket today to look tough, which had taken weeks of babysitting to afford, even at the used clothing store down the street from school (most girls at Yancy wear designer brands and a lot of them make fun of me for my secondhand threads). I also had on a denim skirt, which was covered in patches because I couldn't afford a new one. "Perci, don't," Grove warned. "I don't want you to get in trouble, and I know Nate has no problem hitting girls." Looking back, Nate would've been easier to fight than the person who I actually did, once we got to the museum. Things started out ok – Mrs. Brunner was showing us a stele , an ancient gravemarker. I tried to listen to what she was saying but nobody would stop talking. When I told them to ssshhh, Mr. Dodds gave me the evil eye. He's my pre-algebra teacher. He wears a leather jacket like he thinks he's a Hell Angel, but the dude's like 50. Come on! Anyway, he's from Georgia and showed up in the middle of last semester when the previous teacher had a nervous breakdown. The real problem though is he thinks Nate's the best and I'm devil spawn. Whenever he comes up to me and smiles, "Now, darlin'…..", I know I'm going to have detention for a month. Once, after he'd made me write lines for like two hours, I told Grove I didn't think the guy was human. She looked at me real serious and replied, "You're absolutely right." Mrs. Brunner, anyway, was still discussing Greek funeral art. "Look at that statue of that mermaid," Nate sniggered, pointing to a different section of the Greek exhibit. "You can see her boobs ." OK, first he talks about Grove's boobs and now this? The boy is freakin' booby obsessed. And I think it was upsetting Grove. Nobody upsets my friend. "Can you please just shut up?! ," I told him. It came out louder than I meant it to. Everybody started laughing and Mrs. Brunner stopped her story. "Miss Jackson," she asked, "did you have something to add?" "No, ma'am," I muttered, blushing and staring down at my holy shoes. Mrs. Brunner pointed at a picture on the stele she'd been discussing. "Can you tell me what this is, Perci?" I looked up. Luckily, I knew this one. "That's Kronos eating his kids, right?" "That's right," Mrs. Brunner smiled. "And why did he do that?" "Umm…" I wracked my brain to remember. "Kronos was the king god.." "God?" "Umm, I mean Titan, sorry!" I said, shaking my head. "And….he didn't trust his kids, the actual gods. So, he ate them, right? But his wife hid baby Zeus, and gave Kronos a rock to eat instead. Later, Zeus grew up and tricked Kronos into barfing up his brother and sisters…" "Eewww," said a girl behind me. I've never been a girl who gets grossed out easily. If I were, the smell around my house would make me puke. So, ignoring the prissier girl behind me (she was one of the little snots who showed up in a fur coat), I continued, "So the Titans and gods fought, and the gods won." "Mrs. Brunner, why we gotta know this?" Nate grumbled. "I mean, it ain't gonna say on our job applications, 'explain why Kronos ate his kids', is it?" "Good question, Mr. Bobofit!" Mrs. Brunner replied. "Miss Jackson, why does this matter in real life?" I thought about it, but I didn't have an answer. "I don't know, ma'am," I admitted with an embarrassed shrug. "I see," Mrs. Brunner looked disappointed. "Well, I'll give you half credit, Miss Jackson! Zeus did indeed feed Kronos a mixture of mustard and wine, causing Kronos to disgorge his other five kids, which, being gods, had been growing up perfectly fine inside the Titan! The gods defeated Kronos, sliced Kronos to pieces with Kronos' own scythe, and scattered the remains in Tartarus, the darkest part of the Underworld." I noticed Mrs. Brunner never called Kronos "him" or "he". Weird. "On that happy note, class, it's time for lunch! Mr. Dodds, would you be a dear and lead us outside?" The class began to exit the building (the guys, of course, being total doofuses.) Grove and I were about to follow when Mrs. Brunner called, "Oh, Miss Jackson!" I knew it! I told Grove to go ahead without me, then addressed Mrs. Brunner, "Ma'am?" Mrs. Brunner had this intense look in her brown eyes, of oldness. Not tired-old-lady-oldness. Seen-everything-and-is-haunted-by-it oldness. No idea where that came from. I figured Mrs. Brunner had led a pretty unexciting schoolmarm life. "You must learn the answer to my question," Mrs. Brunner told me. "About the Titans, ma'am?" "About real life," Mrs. Brunner replied. "And why your studies are going to be very important in it." "Oh." "What I have to teach you," Mrs. Brunner continued, "is very important, dear. I expect you to treat it as such. I expect the very best from you, Perci Jackson." I wanted to get angry at this old woman, she expected me to be such a shining star. I mean, sure, it was kind of cool when she dressed up in a Greek chiton dress and shouted "Hark!" and challenged us, with free baklava as the prize, to run to the board and name every Greek and Roman person that ever lived, and their mother, and what god they worshipped. But Mrs. Brunner expected me to do as good as everybody else, even though I have dyslexia and ADHD and have never made above a C- in my life and the other girls called me a total ditz. No, she didn't expect me to be as good – she expected me to be better. And I just didn't get it. I mumbled something about doing better, and Mrs. Brunner just kept looking at the stele real sadly, like he'd been at that girl's funeral. I left her alone and went to eat lunch. Grove and I sat by ourselves, far away from Nate and the others, who I knew might pick on her. It looked like it was going to rain. (Man, the weather's been freaky lately. What is it, global warming or something?) I hoped it wouldn't. I had an umbrella, but it was old and ugly. The other girls had cute umbrellas, like, pink, or with Hello Kitty on them and stuff. I didn't want them to say something to me. "Did you get detention?" Grove asked, eating her vegetarian meal. She loves animals – she's such a sweetheart. I hate that people are unkind to her. "Nah," I said. "Not from Brunner. I wish she'd give me a break sometimes – I mean, I'm not a genius." Grove was quiet for a long time, and I thought she was going to say something really deep, or try to make me feel better. Instead, she asked, "Can I borrow your apple lip gloss?" I knew she loved apple, so I let her take it. I watched the cabs going down Fifth Avenue, and thought of my dad, who didn't live too far from here. I hadn't seen him since Christmas. If I ran away and went to see him now, he'd ruffle my hair and smile at me and be glad to see me, but he'd be disappointed, too. I've gotten kicked out of six schools and six years. I know I can't disappoint him by ditching another. I was about to unwrap my sandwich when Nate and a bunch of his goon friends approached us. He picked up a marshmallow out of his lunchbox, squeezing it between his fingers. "10 bucks says if I throw this," he smirked, "it'll land between Underwood's giant cow boobs." Oh that is IT. I tried to stay calm, count to ten like my counselor told me, but I was seeing some serious red. My mind went blank and a wave roared in my ears. I don't remember touching Nate - I didn't think I'd still be standing if I had- but next thing I knew, he was sitting on his butt in a fountain, screaming, "Perci pushed me!" Mr. Dodds materialized next to us. Some of the kids were whispering. "Did you see-" "The water-" "Like it grabbed him-" As soon as Mr. Dodds was sure Nate was alright – the tough guy was already shaking it off- he turned on me. There was a triumphant smirk on his face, like I'd just done something he'd been waiting for all semester. "Now, darlin'…." "I know," I grumbled. "A month of writing lines." That wasn't the right thing to say. "Come with me," Mr. Dodds demanded. "Wait!" Grove called. "It was me! I pushed him!" I stared at her, stunned. I couldn't believe she was trying to cover for me! Grove was terrified of Mr. Dodds. Mr. Dodds looked Grove up and down. It was hopeless. Grove was a tiny girl – we all knew there was no way she was strong enough to push Nate. "I don't think so, Miss Underwood," Mr. Dodds glared. "But-" "Stay here and play with your Barbies, or whatever it is you silly little girls do." Grove looked at me like she was about to cry. "It'll be ok, girl," I told her. "Thanks for trying." "Darlin'," Mr. Dodds snapped. "NOW." Nate Bobofit