Disclaimer: I do not claim ownership over the universe of Harry Potter or the characters within it. This is a work of fanfiction and I am making no profit from it. About this story: This is part of the 'Saving Sirius' series, a collection of otherwise unrelated one-shots in which each of the stories explores a different 'what if?' in the life of Sirius Black. They each begin established in canon, but diverge into an alternate universe that is kinder to Sirius's fate. These stories are intentionally left somewhat open-ended, as the purpose of each piece is to serve as a jumping-off point for either future stories, or simply for the imagination of the reader. xXx 18 June 1996 One minute, Sirius Black is dueling with Death Eaters at his godson's side in the Department of Mysteries, and the next, he is standing alone in what appears to be the lobby of a posh Muggle corporate office building. Sunlight streams through huge plate-glass windows, illuminating amorphous modern art sculptures and reflecting off of ripples in a koi pond that is set in the center of the tiled floor. What. The fuck . He doesn't bother with attempting Apparition, or even with something as simple as searching for a door; somehow he instinctively knows that these efforts would be pointless in this place. Instead, he glances around in hopes of finding a hint as to what he is supposed do next. The only other person in sight is a woman who is seated behind a sprawling desk along the far wall - the equivalent of a welcome witch, he assumes - and he makes his way toward her. She has long blonde hair and a pretty face, and is speaking rapidly into what he recognizes as a telephone. "Oh my god, shut up! You didn't! Well, he had it coming anyway- I can't believe he even tried passing that suit off as designer. I mean, hel-lo? It wasn't even tailored properly! It looked like it was fitted by someone who was blind. And poor ," she cackles into the receiver with malicious glee. Sirius has been waiting quietly for the woman to acknowledge him, but she seems to be pointedly ignoring his presence. He clears his throat and tries, "Excuse me-" She cuts him off by holding up a single manicured finger and shooting him a withering glare. "Ugh, sorry Aura, can we finish this later? There's this guy standing here all, like, impatient or whatever… Sure, I'll call you back when I've gotten rid of him." Laughing again, she says, "Yeah, okay, talk to you later." The blonde carefully sets the phone back into its cradle and then takes a long, deliberate sip from the straw that pokes out of her plastic, rhinestone-encrusted travel cup. Adjusting in her seat and smoothing down the lapels of her baby pink blazer, she finally looks him in the face. "Well. Can I help you?" she asks, her voice dripping with irritation and disdain. He flashes a jaw-cracking smile at her; it's the one that he knows makes him look both winningly handsome and impossibly arrogant. It's never failed him before, and he's hoping it will come through for him now. "I sure hope so," his eyes slide to the nameplate that's displayed on the desk, " Ms. Kendall ." He says her name like he's tasting some kind of decadent dessert, letting it roll over his tongue and caress across his lips. Her demeanor instantly shifts. Suddenly, she's wearing a pouty little grin and leaning forward just enough to let her cleavage peek out of the top of her lacy camisole. "Of course, let's just see if I can find your appointment in the book, Mister…?" she prompts, tapping the end of her ballpoint pen against her lips. "Black. Sirius Black," he responds. "But I doubt you'll find me in your book. I don't exactly have an appointment, you see." "No appointment?" the woman says in confusion, flipping through the pages of her scheduling book. "That can't be right. You must have an appointment. Why else would you be here?" "Well," he scratches his chin, "it wasn't really planned. There was this stone archway, it sat on a platform, and hanging from it was a curtain… A sort of veil, I guess you could call it. I got hit with a- well, I got knocked through the aforementioned curtain, and then I found myself here. So no appointment, but poof , here I am anyway." He shrugs. "Oh," she blinks at him. "You came through the Veil? And it was an accident ? Huh. Didn't know that could happen." She looks around at her desk for a moment, apparently caught off-guard by the circumstances of his arrival. "I guess you'll be needing to talk to the boss-man, but it can be hard to get in without an appointment." Turning up the charm a little, he says with a wink, "I'd be grateful for whatever help you can give me." He's not sure why it's important for him to talk to this 'boss-man', but it sounds like a better plan than shuffling around in the lobby for who knows how long, waiting for something to happen. Returning his smile, Ms. Kendall says, "I'll see what I can do." She picks up the telephone receiver again and hits a button. "Hey bossy," she says a few seconds later. "There's a man in here to see you, but he doesn't have an appointment." She listens for a moment. "Sirius Black, he said?" Another pause. "Yeah, he came through the Veil on accident, I guess." Pause, and then a giggle. "I know, weird, right? Okay, I'll send him on through. Thanks!" "That sounded promising," says Sirius. "It is!" she exclaims, handing him a clipboard along with a little plastic 'Visitor' badge for him to attach to his shirt. "So just go ahead and sign in," she watches as he scrawls his name on the form, "And then your payment, of course. You can just drop it in here." She points at a small golden box with a slot in the top. "Payment?" "Yeah, payment," she says with an eye roll. "Duh, that's how business works. If you don't pay, then I don't get paid, and I don't work for free." "Right, of course." Sirius gropes around in his pockets for a moment, and manages to extract a Galleon and seven Knuts. He pushes the coins into the slot on the golden box, and though he expects to hear a 'clink' when they hit the bottom, they make no sound. Ms. Kendall perks back up. "Great! Now right this way please, if you would follow me?" She steps out from behind her desk, making sure he gets a good view of her swaying derriere - it's firmly encased in a knee-length pencil skirt that matches her pink blazer - as she leads him to the elevator. He chuckles lightly to himself, thinking that twenty years ago, he probably would have taken the opportunity to bend her over her desk and take what she was so obviously offering, though now, while he is flattered to have the attentions of an attractive young woman, he is simply uninterested. It's more important to him that he sort out this whole mess, and the sooner the better, so he can get back to Harry. "Well, here we are!" she announces cheerfully, pressing a little glowing button on the wall. "It's been a pleasure , Mr. Black." "No, darling, the pleasure is all mine." And really, it is. While shagging the woman is the last thing on his mind, he honestly has enjoyed the flirting. It's been entirely too long since he's interacted with a female who isn't too old, too young, married, or related to him, and it's nice to know that he can still turn on the charm if he sets his mind to it. The elevator dings its arrival, and Sirius says, "And I'm really grateful that your boss agreed to see me right away. I'm sure he's a busy man." At this, a tiny crease appears in the woman's brow. "Yeah, about that… I should probably warn you that time moves differently in the elevator." "What does that mean?" he asks suspiciously. She frowns, apparently trying to decide how to explain. "Well, it's moving you through time and space, right? Except it's, like, not at the same time. So even though you're going directly to the boss's office, you're not really just going straight there. Does that make sense?" The elevator doors whoosh open and she ushers him aboard. "What? No, that doesn't make sense at all!" he protests, starting to feel apprehensive about this whole thing. Maybe he should have put more thought into this plan, instead of just jumping in blindly. Wasn't rushing headlong into ill-constructed plans what got him into this situation in the first place? "Oh. Well, you'll figure it out soon enough, I guess. Bye, Mr. Black!" She waggles her fingers at him in farewell, punctuating her wave with a coquettish giggle as the elevator doors slide shut on her. Ms. Kendall's warning is inadequate… To say the least. Sirius isn't sure how long he is on the elevator. It might be minutes, or it might be years. In that, it reminds him of Azkaban, though the elevator is infinitely less miserable. The upside is that he is not cold, or hungry, or marinating in his own filth. He's not really anything at all, actually. In its own way, the elevator is soothing. It's not dark, or even light, for that matter. The elevator's not really anything at all either. He begins to understand what the blonde meant about moving through time and space, and not at the same time, though he has no idea how to articulate such a thing. Not that there's anyone around to whom he might articulate it. He isn't all that surprised when memories of his life begin replaying themselves before his eyes; it's much like viewing his past through a Pensieve, though there's almost a cinematic quality to it that reminds him of the films he used to occasionally watch with Lily on her television in Godric's Hollow. It starts with his childhood. An impeccably dressed little boy sits rigidly on a couch in the drawing room of the townhouse at Grimmauld Place, while a young and somewhat attractive Walburga Black waxes poetic about the virtues of a pure-blooded pedigree in wizarding society. The boy nods at all the appropriate intervals, but even if it weren't a younger version of himself, Sirius would be still able to tell that the child is only feigning interest as he listens to his mother discuss acceptable traits in a potential match - after all, as the heir to the most Noble and Ancient House of Black, the responsibility falls to him to make wise decisions regarding the continuation of the bloodline. Now that he is confronted with the memory, Sirius recalls that this is the first time that he actively questioned his upbringing. He'd always had the sense that something about his family just didn't quite sit right with him, but this was the first moment that he'd fully understood that he didn't belong. That he was other . The little boy on the couch was thinking that he didn't want to marry some awful girl that he didn't even like, just to fulfill some lousy familial expectations. He had found a book in the library that told the tale of a young wizard who had set out into the world in search of his destiny. The many adventures that the hero encountered had thrilled the boy, but nothing transfixed him as did the part where the wizard met a beautiful young witch who, though disguised as a simple barmaid, was in fact a princess from a far away land. Naturally, the hero and his new heroine disliked one another immensely