Disclaimer: This is a fanwork, created only for the love of the fandom. I do not own the world of Harry Potter, and no profit is being made. Author's note: This story was inspired in part by a scene in Rowena Hill's story Leather and Lace , in which Sirius and Hermione visit a record shop and purchase a Fleetwood Mac album. Further inspiration comes from listening to Stevie Nicks, Queen, and Iggy Pop. I've always had this headcanon that Hermione's father raised her to love classic rock, and I just couldn't resist writing a one-shot about Hermione and Sirius enjoying music together. I do already have plans for at least one follow-up to this story, and for simplicity's sake, any additional works in this little universe will be posted as subsequent chapters, though I make no promises as to when they might be added, and each one should be able to stand alone. Lastly, if you want the full story on how and why Sirius is alive here, please refer to my one-shot entitled The Way Out Is Through . It explains not only his return from the Veil, but also some of his character development, and while not necessary to enjoy this story, I believe that it adds depth which enhances it. xXx Bella Donna August 1996 Remus stepped out of the Floo and into the kitchen of Number Twelve Grimmauld Place, taking in the sight of a rather disgruntled-looking Harry and Ron, who were slumped over the table, half-heartedly engaged in a game of Exploding Snap. "Good afternoon Harry, Ron," Remus said in greeting. "Hey," was the lackluster response. Chuckling, Remus asked, "So what's got your wands in a knot today?" "It's that bloody box of records you brought over last week!" burst Ron. "Oh? I rather thought you all enjoyed that? And anyway, what's that got to do with it?" queried Remus in confusion. Harry sighed. "It was great at first. But it's gotten out of hand. We've barely had a moment of peace in days." He strained to hear what the boys were complaining about, but couldn't figure out what the problem was. "It's quiet right now," Remus pointed out. "It'll start up again in a minute," assured Harry. "They're probably just switching out the record." "They?" Remus frowned. "Yeah, that's the worst part!" spat Ron. "Ever since you gave Sirius those records, he and Hermione are suddenly best bum chums now! It's like they're the only two members of some Muggle music fan club. There's no use trying to talk to them about anything else. They just spend all day, every day, blasting music at top vol-" his words were cut off by what sounded like carnival music, followed by the wail of an electric guitar and the brutal pounding of a drumset. "See, there it is again," he groaned, waving vaguely in the direction of the kitchen door. Remus tried to hide his grin as lyrics sung in a falsetto voice joined the mix. "Ahh… You can't honestly tell me that you don't like Queen? That's blasphemy." Rolling his eyes, Harry said, "They were all right the first ten times, but now it's getting old." "And it's not like we can put up a Silencing charm without getting in trouble for using magic outside of school," Ron griped. "That is quite the conundrum you boys have," Remus agreed, chuckling quietly to himself. "But I think I'll try to brave the music and go say hello." "They're in the parlor. Can't say we didn't warn you," said Harry soberly, as Remus headed up the steps to the main hallway. The volume doubled when he opened the kitchen door, and he closed it quickly behind him for the sakes of the weary young men at the table. Stepping into the foyer, Remus mentally patted himself on the back. As annoying as Harry and Ron may have found the music, it had apparently done its job in cheering Sirius's spirits. Circe's sweet left tit, the poor guy more than had it coming to him, after over a decade of wrongful incarceration, being forced to hide out in the ancestral home that he hated, and most recently, a month-long stint in the abyss that the Department of Mysteries so inadequately referred to as simply a 'Veil.' All things considered, Remus thought that the mild irritation of his housemates was a small price to pay for some long overdue joy in Sirius's life. And besides, it wasn't as if everyone was miserable, he reasoned with himself. After all, hadn't the boys said that Hermione was enjoying it too? He rounded the corner to the doorway, and what he saw inside the room gave him pause. He halted his advance and leaned against the doorframe, watching Sirius lead Hermione around the room in a jaunty ballroom dance as 'Killer Queen' blared through the speakers attached to the record player. They both looked so deliriously happy, prancing around to the rhythm of the song, that Remus was loath to interrupt. Instead, he edged himself backward a bit farther so that he could observe unnoticed for a little longer. As Freddie Mercury belted out " ...guaranteed to blow your mind! " Sirius spun the young witch out with a full extension of his arm, before spinning her back in and ending the move with a low dip that had her giggling breathlessly. Remus's eyebrows hit the ceiling. There was nothing inappropriate to what they were doing; it all appeared to be innocent, harmless fun, and even if it hadn't, Hermione's seventeenth birthday was mere weeks away. She was close enough to being legally considered an adult that Remus had little concern for any moral component of their actions, though he did concede to himself that that might not be the prevailing opinion of other members of the Order. No, what he found shocking was the lighthearted way in which they were interacting with one another. They weren't bickering about the deplorable way that Sirius treated Kreacher or about Hermione's swotty tendencies; rather they seemed to genuinely delight in each other's company. He caught a rare glimpse of the spark that had been a trademark of Sirius Black's in another lifetime - that glitter to his eyes that only occasionally made a brief appearance for his godson these days. And that little furrow that had a permanent home in Hermione's brow was notably absent as she laughed up at her dance partner, who whirled her around with his gentlemanly hold on her waist. It was entirely unexpected. And if Remus wasn't mistaken, they actually had chemistry. He suddenly felt as if he was intruding on something special and private, so he quietly shuffled his way out of view of the parlor door before turning and retreating back to the kitchen. Harry and Ron looked completely unsurprised to see Remus return so quickly. "I just wanted to check in on Sirius, and it seems he's doing well. I'll just fix some tea, if you don't mind the company," said Remus by way of explanation. The two teenagers smirked at each other and Harry kicked out a chair for their former professor. "Not at all. Now, I don't want to say we told you so, but…" "We told you so," finished Ron. Remus ran a hand through his hair and, shaking his head slightly, began pulling the supplies he needed to make a pot of tea. xXx Queen's Sheer Heart Attack came to an end, filling the room with that soft crackling sound that only a record player could make. "Okay, little miss," said Sirius in between breaths, collapsing onto the couch next to Hermione, "You get the next pick." The endearment had evolved from the more formal title of 'Miss Granger', which he had taken to calling her in response to her teasing use of 'Mister Black' whenever he taught her a new dance step. If there was one good thing that came from his pretentious upbringing, it was that he could cut a rug like it was nobody's goddamned business. She grinned at him as she pushed herself back up off the couch. "Something a little more sedated this time, you think?" Shrugging, he answered, "It's your choice. Surprise me." Nodding thoughtfully, she wandered back over to the record player and sat cross-legged on the floor to shuffle through the assortment of albums. Sirius reclined back against the couch as he waited, making himself more comfortable. To say that he had been thrilled when Remus showed up with those records would be the very definition of an understatement. His oldest friend had spent weeks painstakingly attempting to recreate the music collection that Sirius had prized prior to his incarceration, and he was immeasurably touched by the effort of the project. If Sirius had returned from Azkaban a bit reckless, immature, and desperate to reclaim his stolen youth, his return from the Veil was a complete one-eighty from that. The month that he had apparently spent stumbling through a world that couldn't be defined in terms of time and space had given him ample opportunity to consider his life choices and the repercussions thereof. Acting with haste and passion was what had landed him in prison in the first place, and if Sirius was honest with himself, also how he ended up falling into that strange purgatory during the fight in the Department of Mysteries. When his number was finally called, so to speak, for the Powers That Be to determine his fate, he was ejected right back through the Veil in the same jarring manner in which he had entered. He wasn't sure if it was dumb luck, or if it was somehow fated that Alastor Moody just happened to be checking something nearby when Sirius ungracefully smacked down onto the floor outside the Veil. Perhaps it was a bit of both, but as Sirius Black was still wanted for his escape from Azkaban, the Ministry wasn't exactly the safest place for him to be wandering about. But Moody found him and was able to successfully smuggle him out of the Ministry and back to Order headquarters unnoticed. Grimmauld Place was most decidedly not Sirius's first choice for sanctuary, but then again, it beat the hell out of being dead. Or being in prison, for that matter. And Sirius was resolved to make good on his promise to himself to be a better man this time around. He couldn't change the past, and living in the moment had already gotten him into enough trouble for two lifetimes, but he could look toward the future, and try his damnedest to make it something worth living for. He owed it to Harry - and to the memory of James and Lily - to finally get his shit together and act like a grown-up. His godson didn't have much in the way of role models, and he was at a critical time in his life, developmentally speaking. The young man deserved to have someone there for him consistently, to be a mentor and to help guide him not only through the fight against Voldemort and his followers, but also through the everyday perils of adolescence. Who could Harry turn to for advice about interacting with girls or taming that unruly shock of hair, if not his godfather? Sirius didn't want Harry's only source of information to be the Weasley twins - or, god forbid, Hagrid, who was friendly enough, but suave with the ladies he most certainly was not. That meant that Sirius had to suck it up and make some sacrifices, for the benefit of those that he loved. If holing up in his hated childhood home until Dumbledore could obtain an official pardon for Sirius's conviction was what he had to do to ensure Harry's safety - not to mention his own - then it was worth it. He could be responsible, if the end result was that he was alive and able