Disclaimer: I do not own the world of Harry Potter. This is a work of fanfiction, and the only benefit I receive from writing this is my own smug sense of self-satisfaction at dropping JKR's characters into a scenario of my choosing. This particular scenario is not appropriate for children. Author's note: While this is hardly an original premise (there are a number of stories out there in which Hermione and Sirius stumble upon one another in the middle of the night at Grimmauld Place), I did attempt to present their union in a light that seems to be less common, at least in the realm of smutty one-shots. My intention was to portray them both as somewhat innocent but not naïve, confident but not without doubts, and a little bit cynical but not beyond optimism. It is my hope that I've kept them, for the most part, in character, and have managed to add depth to an encounter that mostly revolves around sex. I also wanted to give Hermione the first time that I think every young woman deserves, but so rarely gets. Whether I've accomplished these things or not is ultimately up to you. I hope you enjoy it. xXx Jasmine Tea Finally giving up on the possibility of sleep, Hermione Granger slid out of bed to head down to the kitchen of Number Twelve Grimmauld Place to make herself a cup of tea. She had hoped for at least a few hours of rest before she, Harry, and Ron set out in search for the next horcrux, but unfortunately that didn't seem to be in the cards for her tonight. She was much too anxious to do anything but lay awake and stare at the ceiling while she contemplated her fragile mortality. So instead of sleeping, she found herself silently padding down the stairs in her night clothes: an old soft t-shirt featuring the logo of her father's favorite rock 'n' roll band, and a pair of cotton shorts. Glamorous it was not, but it was comfortable in more ways than one, and besides, who did she need to impress? Nobody else was awake to see her at this ungodly hour anyway. As she pushed the kitchen door open, she realized with a start that that wasn't true. She froze like a deer in the headlights, her gaze meeting with the form of Sirius Black. He was seated at the far end of the table, illuminated by the fireplace and sipping on what was presumably his own cup of tea, with a satin robe hanging open over his tattooed chest. "Oh!" she exclaimed. "I didn't realize anyone was still up. I was just going to make some tea, but if you wanted to be alone, I can…" she trailed off as she realized he was watching her with an amused look on his face, and suddenly she became aware of how little she was in fact wearing. Spots of red blossomed on her cheeks and she stared down at her bare feet in embarrassment, watching her toes curl in under themselves. "Don't be ridiculous, Hermione. The kettle's still warm; it won't take but a minute to heat back up. I'd be delighted to have your company." His voice was velvet as it glided over her. She was certain that he knew the effect that he had on her, and did nothing in an attempt to dampen it. After twelve years in Azkaban, and another three years locked away in his ancestral home, she supposed it was only natural for him to take advantage of any opportunity he could find to entertain himself, and so she couldn't bring herself to fault him for it, even if it was occasionally at her own expense. It was, after all, harmless. The first time that she had noticed him, in the way that one notices a member of their preferred sex, was when she had stayed in his house during the summer before her fifth year of school. She had arrived with the Weasleys, and as she stepped into the main parlor to set down her trunk and receive her room assignment, she glanced up and saw him sitting draped over a couch, sporting a look that was slightly disheveled in that accidently-on-purpose way. Cleaned up and properly nourished, he was a sight to behold, exuding a casual elegance that alluded to his aristocratic upbringing. Something in her had tightened at the realization that her best friend's godfather was an attractive man, and she quickly tucked away the feeling into the recesses of her psyche, only allowing herself the indulgence of thinking about him in that regard when she was completely alone and had the luxury of exploring her developing body with her own hands. And though wholly inappropriate for countless reasons, Hermione thought that Sirius must have noticed her at some point too, because aside from the lighthearted flirting that seemed to just be his normal mode of communication with the opposite sex, she had caught him watching her, once or twice, with the strangest look in his eye. If she wasn't mistaken, it was admiration tinged with a bit of guilt, as if he knew that it was wrong to be looking at her with such interest, but just couldn't help himself. Of course, nothing had happened between them beyond the noticing. Neither of them spoke of it, let alone acted on it, because nothing could happen between them. She was Harry's teenaged friend, and he was Harry's father figure. It was just not allowed. But tonight… Hermione wasn't sure if those things even mattered anymore. She was an adult now, and she might die tomorrow. Her world was out of control, and there were too many bad things going on and not enough good to balance them out. She was hopeful, and determined, and had the conviction of her beliefs on her side, but was it enough? Putting an end to Voldemort's reign of terror was a cause worth dying for, but what was she living for? The friendship and love she shared with Harry and Ron, certainly. The hope of someday reuniting with her poor parents, so blissfully unaware of their only daughter's existence, absolutely. The dream of attending Oxford, when all of this madness was finally nothing but a bad memory, definitely. But those were all thoughts and ideas- intangible concepts that she clung onto with her mind. She needed something visceral, something that she could hold in her hands and feel against her skin. Hermione made a decision. She looked up, her eyes locking with his, and the air was suddenly heavy in the kitchen. She knew that he knew that something had just shifted between them in that moment, because the teasing expression fell from his face as he cleared his throat and abruptly rose from his seat. "Right," he muttered, turning to the stove. "I'll just put that kettle back on for you." "Sirius." She took a step toward him. Something in her voice made him pause in his actions, with one hand on the kettle and the other on the knob to the stove. "I'm drinking a really lovely jasmine tea, but there's some chamomile here too if you'd prefer something more… traditional…" His voice faltered as he set the kettle on the burner and glanced over his shoulder to watch her take another step toward him. She took a deep breath and summoned all of her Gryffindor bravery. "I changed my mind. It isn't tea that I want." He squeezed his eyes shut and seemed to struggle to find his own Gryffindor bravery. After a long moment, he opened his eyes and said her name softly, like an apology. "Hermione…" Closing the remaining distance between them, she stood within arm's reach of him and grasped the bottom hem of her shirt. Trembling with anticipation of what she was about to do, she then pulled it up and over her head in one fluid motion, letting it fall to the floor. His eyes locked on her bare breasts: two small handfuls each of soft, creamy flesh, peaked with rosy pink nipples that were hardened by the cool air. Seconds passed in silence, and then the tea kettle began to shriek. He finally tore his gaze away from her chest to turn off the stove and remove the kettle from the burner. "How about the jasmine then?" he asked, still fumbling with the kettle as he tried to regain his composure. She shook her head slowly. "I don't need tea tonight, Sirius. I need to feel alive. I need you ." Setting the kettle on a trivet, he held his hands out in front of him, palms flat and facing outward as if to say stop . "We can't… I mean, you're beautiful, Hermione, but… I can't… You're still so young ," he stammered. Gently taking his hands and setting them lightly on either side of her ribcage, she said, "I'm of age. It's not illegal for you to touch me." He swallowed visibly, pressing his eyes shut again for a moment. "It may not be illegal, but that doesn't make it moral. I'm Harry's godfather …" "But you're not mine. Tell me you don't want this." His fingers flexed infinitesimally, the tips pushing against her skin with the barest amount of pressure. "It doesn't matter what I want," he insisted weakly. "What about what I want?" she asked. "I can't sleep, thinking about all the things that might happen to me tomorrow when we go to the Ministry to try to get that stupid locket. We might get caught. I could get captured and turned over to the Death Eaters. I could die, or worse. I don't know what's going to happen, and I want to know what it feels like to be with a man, before I have to face all of that. I want you to touch me before I risk my life to save others. Is that really so wrong?" Her thumbs brushed across the backs of his hands as she held them in place against her sides, willing him to understand. "You've never…?" His eyes searched hers, and his expression melted into something so tender, it looked like his heart was breaking. "Not all the way, no." She leaned in closer to him, so that the fronts of their bodies were almost touching. "Sirius, please," she breathed, closing her eyes. And then she felt his lips make contact with hers, softer than a whisper. He kissed her with such an unexpected gentle precision that she gasped against his mouth in surprise, and he took the opportunity to caress his tongue across her bottom lip. She sighed into the kiss and released his hands so that she could trail hers up his arms and over his shoulders to rest on either side of his neck. Apparently dismissing whatever inhibitions had remained, he wrapped one arm around her waist and cupped his other hand under her bottom, hoisting her up and sitting her down on the nearby tabletop. He settled himself between her knees and leaned back just far enough to look into her face properly. "You're sure that you want to do this, Hermione?" She nodded. Though she hadn't planned it before stepping into the kitchen, she knew with both her head and her heart that this was it; this was the right moment, and he was the right person to give her what she needed. "I'm sure. I'm ready, and I want this. I trust you." He grinned suddenly, teeth glinting in the firelight. "Then I'm going to show you that your trust isn't misplaced," he said, tracing the line of her jaw with a finger. "I'm going to worship you the way that a brilliant-" he dropped a kiss on one cheek "-gorgeous-" he moved to the other cheek "-ferociously brave and intensely sexy-" a third kiss landed on the tip of her nose "-young woman such