Hello all! Nel Muinthil has ended, but I am far from finished with the amazing world of Tolkien. After considering making a sequel/prequel of Nel Muinthil, I ended up deciding to start something entirely different for now. I did some research and I found a name deep in Tolkien lore that I decided to bring out and write a little story for. Obviously I'll be modernizing the wordings just a little bit to make things a little more lively and to suit my writing style. Well, here we go again! Chapter 1 of Melda Aranel (Beloved Princess)! I hope you all like this little preview into this new story, Disclaimer: I, sadly, do not own the epic awesome that is the Lord of the Rings. "Do not go astray, Loteriel." The deep, authoritative voice practically boomed. It belonged to a tall, mighty man with long hair the color of earth, a strong jaw, emerald green eyes ringed with gold, and an intimidating, austere aura. He sat upon a great, white steed, as brilliant as new snow in the light of day… and he glowed. His skin, his entire body simply glowed a pure, powerful light; even the steed upon which he was mounted glowed with power. "Yes, father." Loteriel said compliantly, a small smile curling the ends of her full lips. "Be wary as well. Fangorn Forest is brimming with many a lively creature." Orome, Loteriel's father, said. His tone sounding much more commanding than guiding. Loteriel's brow rose ever so slightly, but she knew better than to challenge her father… most of the time. "Yes, father." Loteriel repeated calmly. "Keep close to Roccotari and your horn." Loteriel finally huffed out a quick, aggrieved sigh. "Father, I am your daughter. You've taught me all I know. If you cannot trust me, you must at least trust the instruction you've given me." Loteriel said, a hint of gumption and annoyance in her tone as she gave her father a shrewd smile. Orome's brow rose ever so slightly, mirroring the action his daughter had done only moments ago. "You've your mother's boldness." He said placidly, but Loteriel could have sworn she saw a hint of a smile on her father's face. "Yes, father." Loteriel said cheekily, pride in her smile. She was indeed a lot like her mother, and she prided herself in that fact. Just as much as she prided herself in the fact that she was plenty like her father. Orome gazed at his daughter closely for a moment, saying nothing as he looked her over. Then, he finally looked away, guiding Nahar, his brilliant white steed, to where his company of Vanyar hunters waited for him in patient silence. Dressed in sturdy hunting garb and armour, a long deep green cloak, and armed with his trusty bow, blades, and his great horn, Valaroma, Orome was ready to begin the hunt. "Stay safe." The Lord of Forests uttered to his daughter quietly, before leading his company into gallop, guiding them deep into Fangorn Forest. Loteriel smiled as she watched her father fade into the shadows and green. She then heaved a heavy sigh and turned to Roccotari. "He worries too much doesn't he, Rccotari." She said to the beautiful stallion beside her. The mighty mare had been a gift to her from her father, and she loved the dappled grey horse dearly. The very sight of her reminded Loteriel of the falling of snow in the twilight. "We're a stone throw away from Aiwendil's home and we're surrounded by trees." Loteriel murmured as she went to her mare's side and stroked her fingers through her mane. It was a fact, at least in Loteriel's eyes, that she was very safe in the company of the trees and creatures. She was the daughter of the Queen of Flowers and the Lord of Forests, and she was kin to the Queen of Earth; she was very, very comfortable in the presence of forests and it's inhabitants. Loteriel loved spending time with the animals and she was always happy to listen to the Ent's tell the stories of their long lifetimes. So yes, in her mind, she was perfectly safe. Besides, she had her trusty horn strapped to her side, one blow and the fury of the Huntsman of the Valar would descend upon her in no time. Stepping back, Loteriel patted Roccotari's long neck once more before smiling and bending down at her waist, reaching down and lifting her feet one at a time to remove her slippers. Once they were off she quickly stuffed them into the satchel strapped onto Roccotari's side and wriggled her toes in the smooth blades of grass beneath her feet. It felt wonderful. With a content sigh, Loteriel began to dance gently as she walked through the forest, twirling elegantly about the trees and humming a happy song as she lead Roccotari through the trees at her own pace. She made for an enchanting picture. It was said that Vana held the beauty of both heaven and earth upon her face, and her daughter had been gifted with a beauty the rivaled her own. Unlike her father, who had deep brown locks, Loteriel's hair flowed down to her waist in a waterfall of molten gold curls adorned with a diadem of exquisite flowers. Her eyes gleamed an almost golden amber and her pretty face, along with her entire being, gleamed with the glow of the Vala's immortal power. She was a beauty, and it was a good thing that there was no one to lay eyes on her in that moment as she danced for they would have been captivated by her in an instant. Fortunately, there rarely ever was a being to worry about in Fangorn Forest, the people of Middle Earth seemed to have a large amount of caution in regards of the forest. Loteriel assumed it was probably Fangorn and all of his kin who drove those worries into the hearts of men, dwarf, and elf alike. But she was not worried, nor had she ever been thanks to the guidance her father gave her. During the years of the Trees, after most of the Valar had withdrawn entirely from Middle-Earth and hidden themselves in the West, Oromë had still hunted in the forests of Middle-Earth on occasion. There had not been a time that Loteriel didn't join her father on his travels. Sadly, however, those occasions became less and less, until ultimately the Lord of Forests returned only once every few centennials. The rolling plains of emerald green, the armies of towering timber, and the bands of splendid creatures called to the Huntsman still, but over time his fondness for the forests of Middle Earth slowly began to wane. Were it not for his daughter, the Huntsman would have completely ceased to visit Middle Earth long ago. It seemed that his enjoyment of the land had passed on to her, and she quickly made it a habit to ask her father to take her to the beautiful land as often as he possibly could. They were now well into the Third Age of Arda, and still Loteriel, or Nielqui as she was known more commonly as in the Undying land, loved to visit Middle Earth. Even more so than her father. But Loteriel wasn't allowed on Middle Earth, much to her chagrin. Not on her own at least. Her father was a watchful Vala, a mighty lord, a master, resolute, dreadful in anger, and, like all Vala, he was also wise, powerful, benevolent, and vigilant in all things. He, and his wife, were notably vigilant in things concerning their daughter. Loteriel dared not thwart their, or the Valar's, bidding, nor did she even wish to. So she waited as patiently as she possibly could for the Vala to agree on the moment that she, her father, and his hunters could journey to Middle Earth for the hunt. The sound of rustling leaves roused Loteriel from her thoughts and prompted Roccotari to become restless and wary, while the woman simply stopped her dance and searched her surrounding calmly with a smile. She was not yet in Aiwendil's domain so it couldn't be him, unless he was out and about with his animal friends; but Loteriel could not sense his presence. She couldn't sense a presence at all, and yet the leaves continued to rustle as if someone was walking steadily through them to her. "Hello?" Loteriel called out. "Aiwendil is that you?" The wizard could cloak his aura if he wished after all. The rustling resonated once more, then suddenly, out from a nearby briar, emerged a lovely black fox. He was utterly magnificent, with a smooth, lustrous black coat, perked long ears, and captivating eyes like deep obsidian. He stepped toward Loteriel hesitantly, then hastened back a moment later when Roccotari suddenly neighed in objection and stamped uneasily. "Roccotari," Loteriel quickly rebuked softly, reaching up to comfort the mare, unsure of what exactly had gotten into her pretty horse, "-you'll frighten him. Be still. He is just a little fox." The golden woman said soothingly, before turning back to look at the black fox. He had not scurried away thankfully, but he was now half hidden behind the briar. "Hello little friend." Loteriel said softly, smiling amiably as she took a careful step forward. "What's your name?" She asked, hoping to quickly earn the pretty creature's trust. There was an eerie, appealing charisma to his air, it was quite magnetic and Loteriel was curious about it for she had never felt such an aura from a fox. The charming creatures normally emanated an astuteness, but this one felt somehow… hypnotic. I am Arun, m'lady. The fox's voice quietly resonated in her mind. As she was kin of the Lady of Earth, she had learned from her how to open her mind to the voices of animals. However, she was still surprised when she heard the fox's voice. He spoke in such clear, full sentences. Most creatures spoke with few words, and more gestures and actions "Well met, Arun. I am Loteriel." Happy that Arun had deemed her trustworthy enough to approach, Loteriel stepped closer until she was close enough to bend down to better look in his eyes. They truly were as deep and dark as obsidian. "What are you doing in Fangorn?" She asked, suddenly feeling a faint twinge of restlessness as she continued to gaze into Arun's eyes. I come here to see the bearded iris. Their plentiful in Fangorn and I'm really quite partial to them. Loteriel's smile brightened beautifully, her eyes gleaming with joy at the mention of the beautiful flower. She was an avid lover of all flowers, the mere thought of a pretty rosa, bright starflower, moonflower or any other kind of blossom brought a joyous smile to her face. "Bearded iris? How lovely!" Eager to see the flowers as well, Loteriel rose to her feet and smiled at the fox. "Could I accompany you?" You are fond of flowers, m'lady? "I adore flowers, Arun." She confessed. The fox's body shook slightly as Loteriel heard a low chuckle come from him. Well then, follow me m'lady. Arun said and turned to lead the way into the forest. Loteriel smiled and followed the black fox, keeping pace with him easily while Roccotari stayed close behind them both. The mare's eyes shifted uneasily toward the fox constantly, and she stood closer to Loteriel the further they traveled into the forest. Unsafe. The mare echoed in Loteriel's open mind, but the golden woman remained unaware of her mare's unease, for something- or rather, someone made sure that the only voice Loteriel could hear was Arun's. And so, she continued to follow the black fox, the feeling of unease in her own heart being muffled by the magnetism Arun exuded. They did not trek far, no more than five minutes passed before they arrived at a hedgerow, it was tall