My Paper Heart Chapter 1 So bottle up old love, throw it out to sea Watch it away as you cry A year has passed The seasons go ~All American Rejects "I'm going to miss you so much Bella." My mom hugged me at the check in counter of the airport. "I'm going to miss you and Phil more, this past year has been healing." I took a deep breath. "You've been through more than any 16 year old should ever have to have been through this past year." She squeezed my hands. "Tell me about it. The only good thing is I'll be going back as a senior, that'll surprise a lot of people and piss off a few too." I shrugged. "You just go back there with your head held high baby. Don't worry about Edward and Jessica. Hopefully your brother has gotten his head out of his ass as well, although it doesn't sound promising from what your dad said the other day. He's mad because you're getting a car when you get home." She shook her head. "He doesn't realize I worked for half that car?" I asked. "I guess your dad didn't think it was any of his business, especially since he was being such a jerk about it." My mom smiled. "Ugh, maybe I should just stay here and take care of the house, then you don't have to sell." I hinted. "Aw baby. It'll be OK. You're strong. You can do this. Alice is waiting with your dad at the airport and you KNOW she is excited to see you. Besides dad and me, she's the only one who knows what happened, right? So at least you've got someone to talk to if you need to." She hugged me one more time. "Thanks mom, I love you. You too Phil." He gave me a big hug. "Bella, I've opened an account with the money you earned and a little extra, don't argue or be proud, got it. Use it. Get a good safe car and have a great senior year and know that we're proud of you and we'll help with any college needs as well, no jobs while in school this year." He looked at me sternly. "Yes sir." I smiled and hugged them both one more time before heading for my gate. A few hours later I was landing at Sea Tac airport and looking for my dad, not seeing him, but I saw a huge sign saying "Welcome Home Bella" which was being held by no other than my best friend Alice. I walked up and pulled the sign away and she screamed. "BELLA!" she screeched, anyone in close proximity probably has bleeding ears. "Alice!" I squeezed her tight and we stood there crying until a throat cleared. I looked up and glared, Jasper Whitlock. One of my brothers best friends and Alice's cousin. "What do you want Whitlock." I snapped. "Nice to see you too Bella." He said rather nicely. "Bella, no need to be rude." Alice slapped my arm. "Sorry, I'm very… Nervous about being back." I sighed. "I should have text you and told you of the change, but it was very last minute. You dad got called into work and asked if I had someone else who could bring me." She sighed. "Because my own brother wouldn't come get me." My traitor tears started. "I sorry." She hugged me tight. "He'll change his mind now that you're back, just talk to him." Jasper offered. "Thanks for the advice. But he hasn't talked to me once in the year I've been gone, except to tell me what a selfish bitch I was to leave his friend and embarrass him over something so trivial. If only he knew what his friend said and did to me. But he didn't want to hear that, he told me I was overreacting and needed to grow up. He doesn't know how much I had to grow up this past year because of everything that Edward did to me and all the pain and hurt he caused me. And Edward never once called to try and apologize for cheating, so I know he never really cared, it was all about sleeping with me." I wiped away my tears and started walking to baggage claim. "Bella!" Jasper called out. I stopped and took a deep breath. "Look, I don't know what all happened, but whatever it was Edward was obviously the asshole in the situation and Emmett is not much better. I know Alice has been miserable this past year, the only time she was happy was when she went to visit you, but she came back twice as sad. I don't know what happened, but she walked up the following Monday on school and slapped Edward across the face, leaving him stunned and her and Jessica getting into a knock down drag out in the cafeteria that day because Alice left a nice handprint on Edward's face." Jasper smiled. "She never told me that." I smiled. "Yeah, it was pretty epic." Jasper hugged his cousin. "Hey, I was standing up for my best friend." Alice smiled. "Thanks Pixie." I smiled. We got my bags, my boxes were due to arrive tomorrow, we didn't want them to arrive without me there, and no telling what Emmett would do to them. "Are you girl's hungry?" Jasper asked. "Famished. I couldn't eat before I left." I shrugged. "Alright I know the perfect place." He smiled. We made small talk as we drove. "So, why are you talking to me Jasper? You're one of Emmett's and Edward's friends." I wondered. "I know when my cousin is hurting and I believe her. They maybe my friends on the field, but out of school, we don't really hang that much anymore. It's usually Alice and I." he shrugged. "You're not friends with Rose? On the cheer squad?" I asked. "Nope." She popped the "p". "Rose and Jessica are BFF's now. I don't know. And it's going to suck, you're all senior's next year, I'll still be a junior." She sighed. "I'm sorry. I had to do something with my time." I smiled sadly and had to stop myself from my old habit. "I know. No worries, I almost feel worse for you. You'll have classes with all of them." She shivered. "None with Emmett or Jessica, thank goodness. Maybe Rose and I know ALL with Edward, he's in all AP classes." I sighed. "I am too Bella. I'll look out for you." He smiled and Alice beamed and bounced. "T-Thanks." I looked down at my food like it was the best stuff in the world. "Can I say something without sounding crazy?" Jasper asked. "I guess." I shrugged. "Well, I don't know what you did in Florida. But it worked for you. You look great, healthier. You're not the skinny, stick girl who left. You look more… I don't know, womanly." He laughed. "I don't know how to put it, but better, just… maybe it's your mom's cooking?" he asked, and I laughed. "Jasper, my mom couldn't cook if her life depended on it. I still cooked." I smiled. "I started working out though, so maybe because I have muscle now?" I asked. "That's it." He smiled. I had to I thought to myself, I couldn't come back here looking the way I did, that's for sure. "And your hair… it's great too. I love that you let it get so long." He blushed and looked down. Shit! He's flirting with me. I looked up to Alice with huge eyes and she's all smiles. And I'm making a cutting motion across my neck and she's shaking her head. She laughs and the tension is broken. "Sorry about that, I tend to just come out and say what I mean. Um, if you need a work out partner, I go to a great gym and it's not overly crowded…" he left it hanging. "That'd actually be great. I hadn't thought about where I was going to go once I got back home." I smiled. "Good. Let's exchange numbers?" he asked. "I'll be right back." Alice smiled. We both nodded as Alice went to the bathroom. A few seconds later I hear the voice I'd been dreading for over a year. "Whoa! Whitlock's finally got himself a date? Someone caught your attention after Maria dumped your ass." Edward asked. "Looks like you kept the trash after I dumped you." I stood up and faced him, I knew it was now or never and the rage on his face proved I'd been successful. "What the fuck Whitlock. Taking my sloppy seconds?" Edward snapped. Jasper stood up to defend me, but I stopped him. "Really Edward? You're dating Jessica who's been with EVERYONE and you're calling ME a sloppy second? Better than dipping it in the ALL YOU CAN EAT BUFFETT." I smirked and walked into Jasper's side, he wrapped his arm around my waist and wow it felt amazing we locked eyes and smiled. "Emmett will not be happy with you Whitlock." He spat. "And I'm not asking his permission." He stared him down. "All that matters is that Bella is happy and safe." He smiled. "I think I will be." I wrapped my arm around him and raised an eyebrow at Edward who stormed out of the restaurant. "What the hell did I miss?" Alice asked. "Hello?" She snapped her fingers to get our attention, we were still staring at each other. We told her and she was laughing. "So are you two like a couple now?" She's smiling and bouncing as we eat, I'm now sitting beside Jasper. "I don't know?" I look at Jasper. "It's kind of fast. I don't even know you, really." I shrugged. "Well, we'll get to know one another." He grabbed my hand placing a kiss on it. "I feel the need to protect you. Please say yes." He smiled. "Yes." I kissed his cheek and Alice shrieked again. "I need to call my dad, I'll be right back." Jasper squeezed my hand and I walked right outside the door. " Forks PD Chief Swan how can I help you?" my dad. " Hey daddy!" I smiled. " Bells! How was your flight? I'm so sorry I couldn't get there. Did Alice get there?" he asked worried. " Yes, Jasper brought her." I smiled. " Is he being nice to you?" he demanded. " Yes, he's not on the Edward boat. We actually just had a run in with him." I told my dad everything. " Are you sure you're ready? After everything?" he asked. " I do. I've been alone for over a year. And I know he was recently hurt too. I don't think Alice would be excited of she thought he was going to hurt me. He's also going to take me to his gym." I smiled at that. " Good. I know you've enjoyed that. It's helped you more than therapy." I smiled into the phone. " Yeah it really did." My voice cracking. " Do you think you'd tell him?" he was serious. " I do. But not right away. It'd have to be serious. You know?" I wiped away a tear. " Of course, because it'll affect your future. In big ways." He sighed. " Yes." I agreed. " OK. Get back to your friends. Did Phil give your bank information?" he asked. " Yes. And the house keys you sent. I've also got cash to buy stuff for my room, thanks for painting it and putting a lock on my room, it's sad I can't trust my brother. I'm going to go get a few things before we head home and we're going car shopping this weekend, right?" I asked. " Yes baby girl, Jake is coming with us. He missed you." My dad smiled and I groaned. " Dad." I whined. " As the mechanic." He