Love Me Chapter 1 BPOV "SHIT!" I yelled at myself as I stood in front of my car. I looked and there were my keys, sitting in the passengers seat, they must have fallen out of my purse again. Damn it! As if that wasn't bad enough, my boyfriend would be pissed because I was home late, he wouldn't care that I locked my keys in my car, he wouldn't even offer to drive the 15 minutes over here to unlock my car for me, by grabbing my spare key, he'd bad mouth me and call me names like he always did. I pulled out my phone to call and let him know that I'd be late getting to his house tonight. "Mike, hey. Um. I have to work over a little, so I'll be about half hour late to your place, one of the girls called in late on short notice and they just asked me to stay." I lied. "What? You know you were suppose to be here to have dinner ready! My boss will be here at 7:30, what the fuck am I suppose to do now!" he yelled at me. "Mike, I'm sorry. I can't just bail on my job either!" I yelled back. "You know what, don't even come over tonight, I'll call Jess, she'll fix something and give my boss something to look at to lock in my fucking promotion!" he hung up on me. I stood on the sidewalk with my hands on my car, my head resting on top of my hands lightly crying. "Excuse me miss, did you need some help?" I turned around and expected to look into someone's eyes and all I got was chest, I blushed and got a deep chuckle, I looked up, he was about 6'2, muscular, dark hair and blue eyes, a wonderful, warm smile and cute dimples. "Um, yeah, I uh, locked my keys in my car." I shrugged and blushed. "Oh, no problem, give me a minute, I'll call my sister in law, she works for a car dealership, she should have a key for this." he smiled. He walked to the back of my car and started talking "Rose listen, I need a favor, yes, just listen damn it! I need you to look for a key to an (he looked at me and asked if my car was an 08 or 09, I held up 9 fingers and he smiled and winked at me.) 09 Nissan Altima Coupe 3.5 SR" he smiled again. "Rose what does it matter the color damn it! It's Maroon, are you happy. Yes, with a sunroof." he was getting frustrated. "Fine call me back. Sorry, it will take her a minute to look and she'll call me back, want to grab a coffee?" He asked and motioned across the street. "Yeah, that sounds good." I smiled. "Hi. I'm Emmett McCarthy, I'm still kind of new to this town, I've only been here 2 weeks and I still keep getting lost. My sister in law and brother keep telling me they're going to show me around, but they're always busy with work and kids." he sighed. "I'm Bella Swan. I grew up in a town about 4 hours from here, my dad is Sherriff there and has been forever, I've lived here for 6 years, 4 going to college and the last two a working slave." I joked. "So, what do you do Bella?" he asked with the kindest eyes I've ever seen. "Well, I work across the street there in the little book store just for something to do. I worked there in college and they were always good to me, so I stay on now just to have something to do, but mostly I'm a writer." I shrugged. "A writer. Huh? What have you written? Anything I would have read?" he smiled. "Um, probably not. Your sister, maybe, if she likes romance novels, but maybe not." I shrugged again. "Have you sold a lot?" he asked. "Yeah." I smiled. "Elaborate a little?" he smiled and damn those dimples. "Um, I'm on the Fiction Top 20 Sellers List." I put my head down, I knew I was 10 shades of read, I hated talking about my success. "WOW! That is something! You know you do look familiar to me." he smiled. "Have you done a lot of T.V. promos?" he asked. I nodded my head yes, blushing to much to speak. "Shit! You were in my station in Chicago!" he smiled. I looked at him confused, I was in several stations in every city. "You did a show called 'Good Day Chi Town.' I didn't get to officially meet you that day, I'm ashamed to say I lost a bet and my buddy got to work the floor and I got the control panel, you heard my voice, but didn't see me." he smiled. "Yeah, that was the worst city for me." I sighed. "I'm sorry. Why?" he asked. "Well, when I was there, my dad called and told me his best friend was in a car accident and was now paralyzed, my best friend had to take a leave from the NFL to come help his dad, which he's not upset over, I just know how hard he worked to get there and he's to stubborn to hire the help for his dad. And I come back to find my boyfriend kissing another woman." I sighed. "Wow! Yeah I guess I'd hate Chicago too." he gave a small smile, right as his phone rang. "Did you find it? Can you bring it?" he asked. "Fine, we're at Starbucks at 5th and Port. See you in a few, thanks." he smiled. It'll be about 20 minutes, is that O.K.?" he asked. "Yeah, good." I smiled and sighed. "So, you said boyfriend, he's still in the picture, I take it?" he frowned. I didn't like that look on him. "Yeah, he is, but not for long, trust me, after what he said and did tonight, he's to the curb." I gave another weak smile. "Really? What did he say? If you don't mind me asking?" he asked. I sighed. "Well, I called to ask him to go by my place and get my spare key to come help me out, he screamed at me and yelled only about his dinner with his boss and how I should be there and have dinner ready and other choice words, he then proceeded to say that he was going to get Jessica to come over and cook and not only would she cook, but she'd give the boss something to look at as well and that would seal his promotion! I should have let my brother beat his ass a long time ago." I was red again and tears were prickling my eyes, he handed me a tissue. "I'm so sorry. That's a terrible thing to say and do, why would you want your boss looking at your girlfriend, that's just gross!" he shook his head. My phone rang and I jumped, I looked at the called ID and rolled my eyes, flipped open my phone "Hey Alec, what's up?" I asked. "No, I'm not at Mike's, it's a lomg story, I locked my keys in my car and I'm waiting for a spare to brought from the dealership. I'm in Starbucks, I'm safe, yes. If you want to. Fine, see you in 5." I sighed and hung up. "My brother will be here in 5 minutes and he's a cop, you might not want to be around, he and his partner can be assholes." I shook my head. "I'm not scared, I think I'll stay, besides, I think I might have something in common with your brother." I looked at him in question. "We both seem to have a dislike for this Mike guy." he smiled. "Bella!" 2 voices shouted in the very quite coffee shop. I dropped my head and heard Emmett laugh "Alec? Jasper? This is your brother and his partner? The assholes?" he whispered to me. I shook my head and looked at him "you know them?" I frowned. "Jasper is my brother in law and I met Alec last week at a BBQ at their house, he was complaining because you weren't there.." They made their way to the table and once they saw Emmett they looked between the two of us. "Emmett. What are you doing here with my sister?" Alec pulled out a chair and put an arm around me. "I saw a damsel in distress and helped. Rose is bringing the spare key." he smiled. "Bells, why didn't you just call me? I have a damn spare key." he frowned. "I didn't want to bother you why you were working." I sighed. "Why didn't your precious Mike go by the house and gt the other one then?" Alec snapped. "Alec, really, not now!" I glared at him. "Why? Jasper knows what an ass he is and Emmett heard about him last weekend, keeping you from the fucking BBQ, that's fucked up. What did he have 'planned' for you 2 any way?" Alec snapped again. I rubbed my temples, knowing where this was headed, "Nothing, after the BBQ was half way over, right before we were due to leave for our 'reservations' he wasn't feeling well, so he went to bed and I left and went back to my place, of course the next morning, he called screaming at me for leaving his place without cleaning it." I shook my head and rubbed my eyes. "Look, Alec, just unlock my car and let me get home, please. I want to be alone." I looked at my brother with tears in my eyes. "Do you want Jane to come over?" he asked. "Are you out of your fucking mind?!?! Your wife hates me! NO! I don't want her at my place. I've got a date with Chinese take out, Jim Beam and Ben and Jerry, my favorites." I gave a small smile. "Damn a woman after my own heart." Emmett smiled and grabbed at his chest. "Would you like to join me?" I asked. What? Where in the hell did that come from? I never say things like that. Shit! I can't renig now. Damn it! "Yeah, If you'd like to have the company, that'd be great. I can pick up the Chinese and meet you there, but I need your address." he smiled. "The hell you do!" Alec barked. "Calm down, man." Jasper placed a hand on Alec's chest. "She'll be fine on her own Emmett." Alec growled. "Damn it Alec! If you want to be pissed at someone, go fucking break Mike's nose or wait outside his place and arrest him for some stupid shit, he'll screw up soon enough! I'm an adult and if I want someone at my place then I can fucking invite them." I stood up and reached for Emmett's hand, he placed it in mine and I said "We'll wait outside for your sister in law." I flipped my hair and pulled Emmett behind me without another look towards my brother. Once we arrived back to my car, I apologized to Emmett "I am so sorry for Alec. He gets all big brother on me and it pisses me off." I gritted my teeth together. "Hey, I was way worse when Japser and Alice started dating. He was my best friend. We got into a big fight one night and I ended up beating the shit out of him, Alice didn't speak to me for 3 weeks, I was miserable!" Emmett sighed. "I met Alice once, when Alec made me go to a get together last year, she is way to energetic for me. I'm much more of a wall flower." I smiled. Right then I saw a beautiful blond walking down the sidewalk towards us in a seriously small black leather miniskirt and a red halter