This is an edited piece, with minor character change & MAJOR plot change. ATTENTION: YOU CAN NOW FIND ME ON FACEBOOK UNDER: "Miss Nae Malfoy". I update statuses regarding stories, banners, and any problems/hold-ups I'm having with chapter updates. There will also be contests & polls held weekly. I will be posting the FIRST PAGE of every new chapter on Facebook ONE DAY before I post the chapter on . James Brown's voice boomed through the whole Banquet Hall, men gallantly holding their women to them. And from across the room, I saw Edward Cullen in his full height, far above six feet- altogether with his intimidating smile. Did he even see me? Sometimes it felt as though, on the rare occurrence that we were in the same city, he was able to just see right past through me. The body-clinging gown I wore was picked out by my mother and a friend of hers while on a lunch date and it did everything to accentuate every forming endowment I owned. He finally won the staring contest as I looked down and ran a shaky hand down the thigh of my black, silk dress. My feet (thankfully) gracefully walked past a crowd of fumbling girls and to the open bar. I had been offered a few glasses of wine and a flute of champagne earlier on in the night, so sitting at the bar at only sixteen wasn't so much of a problem here. With my hair pulled up and my strings of brunette locks out of my face (which now had a pile of make-up on, thanks to Alice), I looked a lot older than I actually was. My father had a fleeting feeling of doubt right before we walked out of the door; he had said I looked too old, my heels were too high, my dress was too revealing, my make-up was too much. I agreed with all of those things and with my eyes I begged him to tell me to march up the stairs and tone it down. But my mother being my mother bossed us right out the door and into the chilly air of autumn Redding. That brought us here to my father's work banquet; the Police taskforce held an annual ball for their hard-working officers, and more importantly, their infamous Chief of Police. Every year it was the same- my father never knew what to do with the attention he had during these types of social functions, but shook hands and smiled in pictures when he was meant to. He wasn't a bumbling fool like me, at least! Where had I gained my social awkwardness from? Obviously not from my mom, as she worked the speech podium and banner of justice in her media spreads, that she would surely fawn over in the newspaper the next morning, as though she were professionally trained for the spotlight. I never paid much attention to the cameramen and flashing bulbs; who would want to take pictures of the Chief's plain, boring daughter? The one, who wasn't the top of her class, wasn't the star athlete at her high school, wasn't even a fashionable icon on a daily basis. But that kept me out of the papers, and it kept me below the media radar. "Bella!" Alice's sweet voice sounded tired and groggy even to my own ears, which were nearly blown as the hoard of trumpets and Scottish bagpipes played at the arrival of more important people. "See you on Monday? Mom's not feeling too well," Alice shrugged, making her short hair bounce in every which way direction, "I told her that Prozac was not going to mix well with the martinis, but does she listen?" And she giggled, to which I only smiled. Jane Masen was a scary woman; she always had long nails and fried hair, she resembled a cougar constantly on the prowl, with her caring husband on the sidelines. "Goodnight, Alice." I said sarcastically with a definitive roll of my brown eyes. "I'll call you tomorrow if my mom will let me go over. You know how she gets in church moods every once in a while." I shrugged, not really knowing how long we'd have to go without seeing one another again. Alice didn't believe in God and therefore hadn't attended a church service since she was just a kid, but I never was intrusive enough to ask why. We hugged goodnight, but in the embrace I felt her slip something in my hand. "What's this?" I inquired, bringing the paper to my face for a closer inspection. She slapped the hand down dramatically and harshly whispered, "No, Bella. It's Jared's number. Call him." She was almost the normal height of a short person with her four inch heels. I bit my lip in contemplation but plainly Jared was a creep! "Alice, he's a total weirdie! And way too handsy. No, sorry- I can't do it." I forced it back into her hands. "He's not that bad. Just a little odd, but who isn't? He personally asked me to give it to you. That takes some guts, Bella, and you know it.' Alice gave me a look. "Just give it a try. You never know." She winked and walked away when her parents beckoned for the third time. Jane and Samuel Masen were impatient, and super strict with Alice. I always wondered how Alice came out... so normal with parental figures like that. The music coordinator seemed to be a fan of old tracks as the next song that came on was an Oldie that even my parents loved. Before Otis Redding's words could be shot out of the bass system, my parents got wrapped up in each other and gave one another that "we-are-definitely-doing- it -tonight" look that moms and dads share every other blue moon. The bartender asked my want, and I only requested a Coke. My uncles down in Phoenix allowed me a sip or two of alcohol when I visited every summer, and every year I anticipated that it would taste better when I got older , and every summer I would show up one year older- it still tasted like piss. Seattle missed me, I knew it. "Would you like to dance?" I swiftly turned around, the swivel power of the attached barstool aiding in my action. As soon as he came into vision, a bright red enveloped my face and my mind had a lapse of nothingness. "Umm, yeah. Of course." I added lamely and gave him my hand to take. When he touched me, I suppressed jumping right out of my skin. Esme and Carlisle Cullen had loads of family pictures and Edward's trophies adorning many of the rooms of their big house. I was aware of Edward's existence long before I had actually ever seen face-to-face. Our first interaction had been at a block party thrown by the Cullen's community neighborhood two years prior. He was with this tall, beautiful girl when I met him, hence unapproachable. Well, we did bump into each other ( literarily - I spilled my slushy all over my black cardigan) once by the Garlic Shish Kabob stand...when he said hi and smiled, I only blushed and muttered a "sorry". He offered to help clean me off, and even addressed me by my first name. That made me so nervous, just knowing that he knew me and recognized me...put that together with the fact that he was the hottest man on the planet! I had just turned fourteen, and he was senior in high school, with a super cool car and football jock status; it made him a beheld God in my book. Barely a four year age difference, really. I shook my head, that wouldn't matter, because there would be no potentially inappropriate relationship going on. Edward was, unfortunately to say, way out of my league. Or at least that was what I initially thought but like most of the time, I thought wrong. In this case, way wrong. His dazzling smile made me dizzy with the nervousness; how could one man have such a massive effect on me? I spotted my parents moving around the dance floor, too close to each other for words. It was not pretty, how could their aged hormones still roar like teenage urgencies? Was a libido capable of preserving itself through thirty years of being with one person? I shook my head, not wanting to think about my parent's sex life for another minute longer than I already had. But then my thoughts turned back to the knight in shining armor in front of me, whom held me close and was saying something, but I just couldn't hear. This was all too much. "You're such a beautiful girl, Isabella." He smirked when a blush homed itself on my face. "You haven't set your sights on any boy, have you?" And he said it with such certainty that I could only supply a mute shake of my head. "Oh, blume , you are too innocent." Edward chuckled and set a loose curl aside, spreading a forest fire red color in his trail. "I have watched you the entire night. So mesmerizing." He mumbled in a deep voice. Suddenly his lips fell onto my shoulder, and there he placed such a light kiss that I was sure I had been kissed by the wing of a butterfly. "Thank you." I whispered back, a shaky tone to my voice. I wasn't sure if this was what falling in love felt like, or if this was what raging hormones were. But it felt good- no, it felt great . I shivered as he pulled me closer, one large hand splayed against my back and the other dangerously close to my bum. My arms settled longingly around his broad shoulders; had this been Mike Newton or some other slimy boy I would have loathed that sort of close proximity and amply attempted to detach myself from such a situation. But this was Edward... Edward freakin' Cullen. He was heaven and allure put into breathing flesh, and served on a platter all for me. I shuddered at my brave mental imagery. " You're the mesmerizing one." I blurted; this was why I chose not to speak much to people- I made such a fool of myself more than not! But he only chuckled, his warm breath tickling the hairs along my neck. The night seemed to fly by in a minute as we danced the time away; we never dismembered from each other, even if we didn't like the song. We just kept on dancing, and I was so sure that night would last forever. I eyed my dad by the door, telling a bellboy something. That was the sign it was time to go, and I wanted to be away from my dancing partner before my dad started looking around the room for me. It was a known fact that Charlie was not a fan of the Cullens, for whatever unknown reason, but I hadn't the nerve to ever ask. I was positive it would be one horrible situation if he saw that I was up close and personal with the Cullen son. "Edward." I murmured his name, catching his attention. "My name sounds utterly wonderful coming from those lips." His almond-shaped eyes intoxicated me and I almost forgot why I said anything to break the hazy spell we were under. If only I were two years older and already going to college... I would have been able to stay the rest of the night. I blushed and shook my head. Focus, Bella . "I have to go. My parents are ready to leave." I was breathless as I said those two sentences in one unclear, blurry ramble of words. "You can't stay just a little while longer? I'll drive you home." His twinkle-like green opals made my knees go weak because I liked this