Hello everyone, my name is Jordan the Hutt and I'm here with my first ever solo story! It is, as you can tell, a Hunger Games story; I suppose I should tell you a bit about it, primarily my character: I'm basing this quite a bit off of the movies, because I have never read the books (unfortunately)—thought I should clear that up right away. Next, I want to tell you that I am inserting quite a bit—primarily about the main character Hadrian's lineage. I'll post a sort-of prologue telling about it later (probably. I'm pretty unpredictable), but for now, I'll tell you this: before Panem, after America, seven (well, eight, but we don't talk about the eighth) families settled in the mountains near the place that would become Panem. They brought riches out of the mountains and accumulated great wealth, and were quite friendly with the Districts before the Rebellion; after the Rebellion, they were attacked one-by-one by the Capitol and defeated, although they nearly decimated the Capitol's armies. Most of them settled throughout the Districts (those that escaped, of course), with Hadrian's settling in District 12. They are warriors, all of them, and train their children—so Hadrian's gonna be pretty badass. Like I said, this is my first ever solo story, so there might be a few errors, characters may be OOC, but just bear with me, please. ALSO, I think that you can figure out—but I suppose I should say it anyway—this story has MANY references to The Hobbit in it… well, actually there's constant references. The gentle dancing of the leaves as they flutter in the breeze is music to my ears. I sit in silence and listen to the symphony of the outdoors, closing my eyes and smiling slightly at the still peace of the wilderness. The crickets and birds sing and I begin to loosen my grip on the worn wooden bow in my hands, letting the arrow slide from the bowstring, causing it to fall and hit the grass with a small crunch that sounds much louder than it should… Half a moment, arrows are not that loud… ah, yes! My dinner has arrived. A small deer, a doe, to be exact, with brown fur and a white tail and underside, with several white spots dotted across the top of her body, has stepped into a clearing nearby. "Foolish animal," I whisper, a slight smirk stretching across my face (try saying that three times fast!). I slide the arrow back into the bow quietly, and in one fluid movement, I draw the bowstring taut and the arrow sings through the air like a streak of light, spiraling into the doe's side like a screw. Blood seeps from its side, though it's not dead. It rears up on its hind legs like a tiny horse and dashes off to the right; it continues for several feet before being felled by an arrow from an unseen archer. "Dammit Catnip!" I cry out, my voice breaking the silence that has once more settled over the forest after the commotion with the deer. The constant noises are continued when my best friend, Katniss Everdeen, steps out from behind a tree. With her long, silky black hair and grey eyes, we could almost be related. But we're not. "Come now, is that any way to talk to your best friend?" she asks with her trademark smirk, walking toward me. She's wearing a simple red shirt and a pair of black pants and her hair is not tied down as it usually is, helping to accent her grey eyes. I look at her with a glare of mock anger, then she laughs a little and says, "Really, Thorin, you should see the look on your face right now." I wink at her; "You know, the way you're staring so intently at my face, I'd almost guess that you wanted to kiss me." I say with a smirk, striking a pose. …Oh! Where are my manners, how could I forget? My name is Hadrian Marlowe—affectionately known as Thorin, due to my apparent family characteristic of (as time goes on, of course) looking like the character from the beloved story The Hobbit —a quite well-kept edition of which also happens to be a closely-guarded family treasure, even through the probably hundreds of years we've had it. "Who'd want to kiss something like that?" Katniss mocks, making a retching noise. Then she laughs, a soft laugh that sounds like chiming bells; one of the many things that has drawn me to her… oh, did I say that out loud? …Erm, mentally? Forget about that… seriously. If you value your lives, you will forget that I mentioned anything of the sort… not kidding. "Jeez, Thorin," my other best friend, a tall guy who shares a similar look with Katniss and I named Gale, says as he steps out from behind a bush that is a couple meters away from me; "I thought you said that you'd never lose a kill to a girl." "And what exactly is that supposed to mean?" Katniss asks, mock glaring at me and putting her hands on her hips. Gods, she's so… no, I'm not gonna give you anymore blackmail material! Anyway, in reply to her question I say, "It means that I can outkill you any day." "Is that so?" Katniss replies with a wry smirk—my God, that is so… stop it! If I tell you how we met, will you not blackmail me? ( Begin Flashback ) The leaves fell gracefully around Gale and I as we stepped through the forest, quietly and carefully. We had lost our fathers earlier that month in a mine explosion, and now we were the primary caretakers of our family (although my older brothers were a great help, because they were adventurers and treasure hunters, often bringing home many artifacts and items worth quite a bit, albeit not often between returns). Gale was fourteen and I was twelve, almost thirteen, and he and I had mere snares to catch our prey—not the bows that came with Katniss's addition to our group, though we did have a few shoddy wooden javelins that my father taught me to make before his death. "C'mon, Gale, let's go check the snares," I said as I lugged a nicely-sized boar that I took down with a well-placed javelin to the neck. "Alright, Thorin, alright," Gale said tiredly as we moved toward one of his snares, which was placed between two trees. Sure enough, three rabbits hang by it. And also… "Hey, is that… someone?" Gale asked me, pointing to a form huddled by the rabbits. "Yeah… I think so. Do you think they're stealing the rabbits?" I asked quietly. "Hey!" he yelled, startling the form. "Stealing's illegal, you know." "I wasn't stealing," the form replied after getting over the shock. "Just admiring the work put into the snares." It was a female's voice. Gale and I walked toward the person, and came to find that it was, as previously stated, a girl. Her appearance was very similar to Gale and I's; she had long, black hair and olive skin, with steely grey eyes. However, she eyed the boar hungrily as I sat it down, and she had the typical look of a starving person: sunken face, very skinny, and an emptiness in her eyes. I recognized her at once: Katniss Everdeen. Her father had been killed in the same explosion that took our fathers, and I had seen her at the memorial ceremony (I think that's what it was called) at the Justice Building, where the mayor had handed us medals. But they were worth nothing. She stood proudly in the sun, not crying whatsoever. As the oldest, she was given a medal in honour of her father; same to Gale, and, though I wasn't the oldest, I was the oldest of my siblings that was present, so I, by default, was given it. But now, she crouched in the leaves, a bow in hand, and a quiver of arrows on her back, looking like a walking corpse. "Could I see that?" I asked, pointing to her bow. She studied me carefully, but after a minute, she relented. "Sure," she said with a sigh; "just remember that stealing is illegal." Gale grinned a little at me. "Seems like she has a similar sense of humour." He said. "What, dry?" I said softly, examining the wooden composite bow. I admired the curve of the elastic limbs and the tenseness of the bowstring; I brought it up and drew back the string, remembering the sorts of combat training that was reinforced in my family since we settled in our Homeland, which we had named The Lonely Mountain—yes, like the one from The Hobbit . I'll explain it all later. "This is some fine craftsmanship. Who made it?" "My dad did," she said dryly, swiping the bow back. "I let you see my bow. Can I see your spear?" "It's a javelin , thank you very much," I responded, narrowing my eyes. "But… I guess." I handed her my javelin, and she took it gingerly; she balanced the shaft in her hands, and said, "This is so smooth… and light. Almost like an arrow." "That's the point of a javelin. It's best used for throwing—gains momentum as it flies," I explained, "and pierces the prey about as much as a sword." ( End flashback ) From that day we had joined forces as hunters, and later friends. She taught us how to use bows (well, more of Gale , seeing as my family's combat training covered bows)—Gale and I taught her about snares, and I instructed her in the javelin. And none of our families ever went hungry. And now, we are returning to our homes, to prepare for the annual Reaping. The story behind the Reaping is a long one—long ago, after the end of a country named America, and after my family settled the Lonely Mountain, the country of Panem, where we live, came into existence. It had a shining Capitol that reigned over thirteen outlying Districts. The Districts were, with the exceptions of 1, 2, and 4, starving and poor, while the Capitol had plenty of food and no shortness of riches. One day, the Districts finally had enough and rose up against the Capitol in a rebellion that shaped the course of history even now, seventy-four years since; my family and the six other major families that settled in the mountains supported the Districts openly, even sending our own troops—though they used swords, axes, and other weapons—not guns. However… the Capitol crushed the rebellion and declared war on us—which seemed madness, seeing as we had hundreds of thousands in our ranks, not even combined (VERY large families, all related in some form or other, and no, no inbreeding whatsoever), but they still defeated us. They started with our relatives in their mountain kingdom of Moria, who made a brilliant final stand and almost won, with the help of our cousins in the aptly named Blue Mountains, who swept in and attacked the Capitol's forces from behind. But the Capitol had hovercrafts, and even about a million well-trained Mountain warriors were unable to bring them down; all were slain. Then they systematically took out the rest, finishing with Erebor. They charged in like a dragon, fast and powerful, leaving pure destruction in their wake. They broke through our gates with a practiced ease that could only be gained by doing that to others, but were met with walls upon walls of sharpened, forged steel; many were slaughtered upon mere entry. Out of all the mountain kingdoms, we put up the best fight—nearly decimating their army. But eventually, my great-grandfather Dain, the chief of Erebor, led a final charge in the night… and the Capitol had been waiting for that. As soon as they heard the battle cry, they opened fire and tore through the ranks