I was inspired to write this story while I was listening to Time of Dying by Three Days Grace. Isn't it ironic that Legolas is immortal? :) ENJOY! PICTURES UP ON MY PAGE! On the ground I lay Motionless in pain I can see my life flashing before my eyes Did I fall asleep Is this all a dream Wake me up, I'm living a nightmare I will not die (I will not die) I will survive I will not die, I'll wait here for you I feel alive, when you're beside me I will not die, I'll wait here for you In my time of dying On this bed I lay Losing everything I can see my life passing me by Was it all too much Or just not enough Wake me up, I'm living a nightmare I will not die (I will not die) I will survive I will not die, I'll wait here for you I feel alive, when you're beside me I will not die, I'll wait here for you In my time of dying I will not die, I'll wait here for you I will survive, I'll cry here for you I will not die, I'll wait here for you In my time of dying I will not die, I'll wait here for you I will survive, I'll cry here for you I will not die, I'll wait here for you In my time of dying When I opened my eyes, it was dark, and I could see the stars through the large circle of trees. After a moment, I realized it was cold. Wrapping my arms around me, I sat up. Where was I? I looked around. First thing I noticed was I was sitting on the forest floor. It was dark and dense, quiet to. Dirt and dead leaves covered my skin as I saw the only thing I had on was a large wool shirt. What happened? Why was I here? Still clinging to myself from the cold, I stood up, a bit wobbly at first, but managed to regain my balance. How long had I been out here? The cold wind blew from behind me, making the trees sound like they were screaming. Not knowing anything better to do, I ran. The trees were a blur as I ran by them and I was ignoring the sharp pain in my feet from not wearing shoes. What else was there to do? I didn't have any clue of how I got there or where I was. I continued to run, and I ran until I felt like my legs and lungs were going to give out. Slowing down and catching my breath, I leaned against a tree trunk. My back to the trunk, I slid down, my butt plopping against the hard ground. As I sat there panting, I felt a tear slid down my cheek. No, I didn't want to cry, not here, not until I knew it was safe to. Avoiding the dirt on my body, I wiped my eyes with my arms. Then, I heard the sound of horse hooves approaching. I got on my knees and crawled over to the side of the tree to peak out. What I saw made my heart skip a beat. Four riders on white horses approached, arrows at the ready in their hands. I stood up quickly and started to run again. I didn't get very far when they circled around me, there arrows pointed directly at my heart. "State your business." One said in a demanding tone. I didn't know what to do, I didn't speak. Instead I just grabbed the hem collar of my shirt tightly with my one hand and looked at all of them; terrified. The one who spoke lowered his bow, followed by the others. "You're human" He put his bow back on his back and the others did the same. "What are you doing here young one?" Again, I didn't speak. Finally, I looked up at the man's face. It was amazing any creature could be so perfect. He had long black hair that was pulled back into a tight ponytail, pale skin, green eyes, and pointed features. However, one thing stood out to me. His ears were at a point. The man hopped down from his horse. "You don't speak much do you?" As he stepped forward, I took a small step back. He stopped. "It's alright, we won't harm you." He said in a calm voice. I slowly looked up at him. "What are you doing here all by yourself? The forest is a dangerous place for such a young being." I had no idea what to tell, mostly because I didn't even know the answer. I lowered my head again. The man walked closer, this time I didn't back away. He walked right in front of me and looked me up and down. "Look at how dirty you are, and what happened to your clothes? A woman should never be in this state." He walked back to his horse. "Come, we will take you back to Rivendell." I didn't move, I couldn't. I was so confused. "It's alright, we're taking you to a safe place." I took in a deep breath and slowly walked over to him. He lifted me up onto his horse and sat down behind me. His arms at both of my sides, he took the horses reins and spoke in a language I had never heard before, making the horse go. With the other three men behind us, we rode through the forest. It was funny, it had an almost fairy tale feeling to it; riding on a white horse through the forest. The only thing that brought me back to reality was that I was freezing cold. The man behind me was warm, and I soon found myself leaning into him for warmth. As we rode on, I could see light in the distance and heard the sound of roaring water. When we got out of the dense trees, I could see what he called Rivendell. It was beautiful, even in the dark. The horses slowed, but still kept a fast pace through the city. When we got to what looked like a stable, the man got off and took me with him, leaving the horse with the other three men. As he walked, I walked close to him, not letting more than 3 feet separate us. We went inside a tall, beautifully crafted structure. The inside was warm and almost had a cozy feeling. We walked through a long, open walled pathway until we reached a large wooden door. He leaned close to the door and spoke in a gentle voice. "My Lord, I have something to show you." After he spoke, the man stepped back and allowed space for the door to open. I still hid behind him. "What is it?" A man said, walking out of the room. I couldn't see him because I was hiding. "Lord Elrond, my men and I went out to investigate a disturbance in the southern forest region and we found this young one. She is but without clothes. The only thing that conceals her is the forest floor and torn robes." "Let me see this young one" The man I assumed to be Elrond said. "My Lord, she seems to be scared." "It's alright little one, no one will hurt you. I'm merely trying to help you." Elrond said in a calm tone. I took in a large breath and closed my eyes as I slowly walked out from behind the man. As I stood there, I didn't hear anything. I slowly opened my eyes and lifted my head. Elrond was staring at me. His face seemed expressionless and blank. I felt my nerves catching up to me again so I just looked down quickly. "Oh, my dear child, what happened to you?" Elrond asked I opened my eyes as he walked over to me and put his hand gently on my shoulder. "Look at you. Come now, we will get you something to wear." Elrond said as he began to walk. I didn't move though. He turned to look at me as I just stared at him. "It's alright, there is nothing to fear." It took me awhile before I could get my legs moving again. He took my shoulder in his hand and led me down the open walkway once more. He led me into a small room with open windows lit with the dim lighting of candles. A beautiful woman walked into the room with clothes in her arms. Elrond left us for me to get bathed and dressed. After she was done, she pointed me to a mirror and left the room. Slowly, I walked over to it. When I looked inside, I gasped. This was the first time I had seen myself in a mirror. My hair and skin had been cleaned so it was shimmering in the candle light. My long, apple-red hair was pulled into a loose side braid that fell over my shoulder. My skin was pale, almost white, and my light blue eyes shimmered. I was wearing a long sleeved white dress that fell to my knees. The dress had a wide V neck with gold embroidery over the sleeves and collar. I had no shoes on my feet. I realized that my womanly features were just starting to develop. As I stared at myself in the mirror, a thought had come to me. Something that I had never thought of before. This was the first time I had looked at myself in a mirror. I didn't have any clue as to what I had looked like. What was my name? I didn't even know my own name. What had happened to me out in the forest? As I continued to question myself, Elrond walked in. "You look lovely" He said, smiling. "Come, we had prepared something for you to eat. I also have some questions for you." I followed him down walkways and into a large dining hall. Down the long table was a placement for 2. Once I saw the food on the table, I had to control the urge to run to the food and swallow it whole. Elrond pulled a chair out for me. "Please sit, you must be hungry." I sat down, Elrond sitting down on at the head of the table next to me. He searched through the assorted food and used a fork to peel off a small piece of meat. Trying to maintain my manners, I used the spoon to scoop up a small helping of what seemed to be potatoes and dabbed it onto my plate. I then gently picked up my fork and took a small, gentle bite from it. All the while I could feel Elrond's eyes on me. "Don't be afraid to eat. I know that you are hungry." When I heard him speak, I put down my fork and watched him. He continued to look into my eyes. Finally making up my mind, I furiously grabbed food with both of my hands and put them on my plate. Then I took a huge bite of a piece of meat and washed it down with the glass of water that was given to me and preceded onto the various assortments of fruits and bread. While I was giving in to my stomach, I heard Elrond laugh. "I knew you were hungry. You don't have to be nervous around me." After everything on the table was nearly eaten, by me of course, ladies came in to take away the plates and clear off the table. After everyone was gone, Elrond began to ask me questions. "So, where are you from?" After this question, I grew quiet again. I knew what his questions were going to be. I simply shook my head in response. "Why were you in the forest?"