A/N: Hello, yes this is a new story and those of you who have read or are reading my other stories will be wondering about them... All I can say is that I am currently writing the last chapter for Escaping Reality, but I've really got no inspiration for that last chapter. Rest assured, it shoàuld be done sooner rather than later. As for All Because of you, I can make no promises. I have come to believe that I have no talent what so ever for Dramione stories, or I choose bad plots. Either way that story is on pause and I'm thinking of stopping it all together. Anyway, this is a Hermione and Sirius story. It won't start right away but it'll come gradually. That is if anyone I interested in me writing this story. Tell me what you think so I know what to do! I'd be very grateful! Lots of love! Disclaimer: I own nothing sadly. Merlin stood on the smooth surface of the ground, near the edge of the cliff. He remained unmoving, staring out at the distance, the only proof that he was not a statue was the wind blowing through his hair causing it to twist and turn away from his face. His robes were thick and made of a dark blue material, his wizard hat pointy and tall. "Are you sure, Merlin?" A slightly younger witch with blood red hair inquired, leaning to the side hesitantly as she eyed the older man. He blinked a few times, his eyes turning back to their usual light blue colour instead of the black orbs they had been moments ago. He scratched his long white beard and grinned at the young lady before him. "Indeed, I've never been more certain of anything in my life, Hecate," he responded softly. "But here?" She repeated a question she had asked him on every visit they had undertook to this very location. "There's nothing here." "Not yet," he agreed. "But one day there shall be an impressive and powerful building in this very place." "It's quite a dangerous decision to make, is it not? You yourself state that the future is of a most unstable nature. How can you be sure nothing will change?" "I cannot," Merlin sighed. "However it is a risk I must take. The magic I place here could ensure the safety of the Wizarding World." "Or its destruction," the red head shot back, a deep frown on her face. He nodded, lost in thought. "It is a strong possibility, but I must do what I believe is best." "It could kill you!" Hecate argued back feebly. "Oh, I am quite certain it will, dear Hecate. I do not fear death; in fact I see it as the next greatest adventure." "As do many others, that does not mean that your actions are not foolish!" She stated, frustrated. "I am ready, Hecate," Merlin said, calmly. "But I am not." "Have no worries my dear girl, I shall always remain here. Place a landmark on this very spot and ensure it never disappears," he ordered. "You can do that yourself, Merlin." "I will not have the strength as you very well know," he murmured. "I will be weak and soon, I will die." "Not immediately." "Soon," he repeated. "My time has come." She sighed, shaking her head tiredly. "Very well," she said, waving her wand at him. Merlin smiled kindly and pressed the tip of his wand on his chest, a noise escaping him as if he were humming. Hecate raised her wand and closed her eyes as she started reciting the words Merlin had been sure to make her learn by heart. "Divide, hauriunt et abscondere hoc magicis cor. Tueri intra donec reici." She watched wide eyed as the powerful wizard winced, holding himself up straight with all his strength, being sure to keep his wand against his heart. Hecate continued her wand movements, her hands motioning from herself to the tall and impressive wizard standing in front of her. Slowly a sort of wisp of golden, red and silver smoke seemed to be escaping from the wizard. It became gradually bigger, seeming to be being forced out of Merlin's very soul and body, until the witch stopped. Hecate moved her hand around the smoke, making it become a beautiful glowing ball of thick smoke. Carefully, so as to not disturb the ball she had created, she levitated a large rock into the air, stopping it just short of touching the globe of light. Merlin was watching her closely, despite the long and drawn out time of practice; nothing could have prepared them for the actual act of removing part of your magical core from your soul. Taking a deep breath to steady her hands, Hecate slowly raised the stone higher until it grazed the large orb. Then, just like that, it was no longer in her control, she held her wand steady, doing all she could to restrain the magic to the small stone. The pair of magical beings, watched, entranced as the rock twirled viciously in the air as it absorbed the magic offered to it. "We've given too much!" Hecate called out to her mentor as the wind roared in her ears and made his hair fly every which way. He shook his head. "No, we've given just enough!" He hollered back, his eyes sparkling at what he was seeing. Suddenly there was a loud crack that seemed to come from everywhere and nowhere and echoed all around the pair. The rock released an explosion of blinding bright light as it's spinning came slowly to a halt. When Hecate opened her eyes again, she noticed Merlin's eyes had turned back to their dark black as he smiled somewhat serenely. He picked up the rock and with his wand threw it violently into the air. Hecate lost sight of it as it disappeared into the clouds. Finally it started coming back down and crashed into the ground, this time disappearing into the earth. Merlin kept his wand aimed at the hole, placing protective spells and wards around his very essence of power, buried deep within the ground. "For you, Hermione Granger…" He breathed, in obvious satisfaction. "This is where he wishes to do it?" Helga Hufflepuff inquired, peering at the nondescript piece of land. "He is right Helga, there appears to be a strong magical aura in this very place," Salazar Slytherin muttered, glaring at the spot of dirt, where grass had failed to grow. "You can sense it then?" Rowena Ravenclaw checked, not having that particular ability. The tall dark haired man nodded. "It would seem someone has placed a part of their magical core here as well. It is incredibly strong," he informed the two witches. The two women stared at the ground curiously until a broad shouldered man walked up to them purposefully. "Are we in agreement that this is where we shall do it, then?" He wondered, eyeing his close friends. After sharing a brief glance the other three nodded. Just when Godric Gryffindor pulled out his wand and aimed it at the floor, Salazar stepped forward."May I verify something first?" Godric took a step backwards, motioning his hands at the ground with a warm smile in a 'go-right-ahead' manner. Breathing deeply through his nose, Salazar Slytherin started muttering under his breath, the earth glowing a bright blue as something appeared to attempt to dig its way out. The four warlocks stared at the bright rock that flew up into the air, coming to float in midair, eye level to them. "Merlin…" Helga breathed, mesmerized by the unbelievably powerful plain stone. Rowena raised a hand as if to touch it, her hand hovering close but not quite touching it. "Is that… I can feel it!" She claimed, eyes wide as her gaze met Salazar's. "This must mean that the Magical Heart it contains comes from a very strong warlock." The dark haired, pale man examined it closely, absorbing its magical signature. "This Magical Core comes from Merlin himself," he informed them. The light haired man with tan skin grinned broadly at his friends. "I told you this was the place to store our Core's," his tone slightly smug. "Can this stone stock even more power or is it saturated?" Helga questioned. "Merlin's Core will have made it stronger," Rowena spoke. "It will be able to withstand any addition of magic from us," Godric told her. They stood silently for a while, simply watching the stone floating calmly in the air. Marveling over the fact that something so small could contain such strength, considering why Merlin himself had chosen this place, this rock to do something as dangerous and unpredictable as dividing and stocking his Magical Core. "We never could have chosen a better place to do this or build our school," Rowena breathed, the others nodding along to her words. "Who will go first?" Salazar inquired. Helga moved towards him. "Salazar if you would be willing to do me?" Salazar smirked at her and set to work. Soon all four of them had divided their Magical Core and placed it into the stone with Merlin's. They levitated it back into the ground, warding it and grinned when they heard a sort of crack of thunder, the large wooden doors behind them opening. They could hear the stairs start moving and they shook their heads, satisfied at their jobs well done. They had given life to their school, just like they had planned. Suddenly Rowena glanced at her companions. "Merlin had the gift of sight… Do you believe he placed his Core here because he knew we would build our school?" She asked. Salazar turned to the school before speaking. "Perhaps, or maybe he saw something else entirely?" He pondered aloud. "We can only hope that it completes its original purpose…" Helga added. "Well, after all this serious work, shall we go get a few drinks?" Godric interrupted their thinking with his loud, jolly voice. "Where do you suppose we go?" "There's a little hut a small way down from here. I'm sure the owners would be happy to serve us. Hogsmead I believe it was named." "We should recommend they create a village down there, what with the school opening soon. I'm sure our future students would be grateful for a few stores and bars," Rowena proposed. "You know, I believe to think that I've started rubbing off on you, Ro'," Godric joked, wrapping an arm around her shoulders as the four walked slowly down to the house they had previously crossed. "Hopefully they have a bit of Firewiskey, it could help me get a bit of strength back. Dividing and removing a part of your Magical Core is horribly tiring. I shan't do it again." "Helga, if you ever tried doing it again, you'd die," Salazar told her, his voice cold but his eyes gentle. "Good to know," she nodded at him. " Reducto !" Hermione exclaimed. A fierce glare was etched onto her face as she dueled Death Eaters left and right. "Hermione! Behind you!" Ron yelled, she spun on her heel, sending a Bombarda curse at the man in front of her. The spell should have landed on the man spot on, making him explode like an overheated chili con carne, except it seemed to flow right through him, hitting the wall of Hogwarts. As blocks of the school went flying in every direction the Death Eater smirked and raised his wand. " Sectumsempra !" He shouted. Hermione only had a brief second to curse Snape for teaching the Death Eaters his invention before it hit her. Or well, the shield that appeared around her. " Impedimenta !" A male voice yelled, making the Death Eater fly backwards off of the Hogwarts cliff. She turned to thank her savior, surprised when she noticed the white blond hair. He was fighting, defending her and himself with everything