THE MARAUDERS- The sun was glistening high in the sky. It highlighted my honey and hazelnut colored hair nicely. The Hogwarts train shimmered before my eyes. "Never seen a train like it before", a male voice scoffed snapping me out of my daydream. "Yes, it's quite dazzling!" I smiled innocently at the boy who spoke. The boy stuck out his hand, "Sirius Black, and you are?" he inquired. I shook his hand politely, "Getting on the train!" I took off towards the train as it was beginning to depart. I wandered aimlessly, mouth gaping in awe at the sheer beauty around me. "Would you like to sit with me?", a redheaded girl around my age asked. I went into the compartment and sat across from her, next to the window. "Lily Evans, may I ask your name?" she pondered quietly. "Faerydae Rowell… are you a muggle too?" I inquired. "Yes, I assume you are too!" she giggled. "How on earth did you know?" I laughed. Tension falling, we both fell into a fit of giggles. "I'm telling you Prongs, she really does exist. She took off before I could get her name!" a voice that sounded eerily familiar insisted. Lily and I both sat up. "Let's just sit in here Padfoot.", another voice sighed. The door to the compartment slid opened revealing four boys. "Well well. Look who I found!" Sirius chuckled cheerfully. "Don't be such a git Sirius, introduce us!" another boy squeaked. "I'd love to Wormtail, but I never got her name." Sirius pouted. I stood and stretched my hand to the boys behind Sirius. "Faerydae Rowell, nice to meet you. And this is my new friend Lily Evans! Don't mind Sirius, we've known each other for years." I gave an award winning smile. Once everyone was introduced we relaxed. The boys made jokes at their friend Wormtail's expense. Lily rolled her I eyes and turned back to me. "So, where are your sisters?", she squealed. I groaned sliding down the seat, "I don't know…" Sirius bolted up, "sisters, you have siblings!" I rolled my eyes, "Yes, I have sisters. You may not have noticed because we look alike." I turned back to Lily. I felt a tap on my shoulder. "How many of you are there?", Remus asked. I sighed, "Four, You know, being quadruplets and all.". "FOUR!", the boys repeated. Lily and I bust out laughing. I gasped as Hogwarts came into view, "It's so beautiful!". I looked for my siblings as we left the train. "FAE!", I heard them scream. The boys stared mouths open at the four similar girls. All of a sudden a boy with blonde hair and a blonde girl in tow pushed through our group rudely. "This school is not for mudbloods!" he sneered. Lily turned red with rage. It took all eight of us to hole her back from pummeling him. "He's not worth it." James sighed reluctantly, almost wanting to release her so she could beat him. "No use getting into fights when there are other ways of getting revenge!", he smiled mischievously. The boys all seemed to wear the same grin. I looked warily to the other girls wondering what they could possibly be planning. All seemed to be well until the sorting. I was so nervous I didn't even hear my name. "Faerydae Rowell!" I scampered up the steps. The hat barely touched my head before yelling, "Gryffindor!". I danced over to my new family. I barely even sat down before I heard, "Madalyn Rowell! Hufflepuff!". All color flooded from my face, "Xyla Rowell, Ravenclaw!" "Zahara… Slytherin!" I felt as if I was drowning. Never in all my life so far had we ever been separated. "Are you ok?", Lily asked, sympathy coloring her voice. I looked around at my siblings who all seemed at a loss for words. "I don't know yet…" I whimpered. Then the Hogwarts song began: Hogwarts, Hogwarts, Hoggy Warty Hogwarts Teach us something, please, Whether we be old and bald Or young with scabby knees, Our heads could do with filling With some interesting stuff, For now they're bare and full of air, Dead flies and bits of fluff, So teach us things worth knowing, Bring back what we've forgot, Just do your best, we'll do the rest, And learn until our brains all rot. I cheered up slightly as the feast began, but even then I wasn't completely ecstatic as I was before. "So, what are we planning for the Malfoy prick?" Peter asked. I shot my head up. There still planning this, they must really be dedicated. They were wearing the same grin as before. Every now and then they would glare at Lucius. As we left the Great Hall I heard Madalyn behind me. "I still love you sis!", she whispered. And then she was gone. I looked up to see Sirius looking at me with a strange look on his face. Without even realizing it, tears sprung in my eyes. My vision blurred. I felt Sirius lead me up to the Gryffindor common room. My new friends stared at me with a look of concern plastered on their faces. I had to reassure them several times that I was alright. After we'd all gone to bed I stayed awake wondering what my sisters were doing and if they missed me as much as I missed them. I eventually fell asleep and didn't wake up until I felt Lily nudging me awake. "Wake up Fae!", Lily squealed, "it's the first day of classes!" I slowly got up and dressed for the day. As I entered the Great Hall I was nudged by Sirius and Lily to where the others already sat. I piled some donuts on my plate with some fruit. "Aaah, the perfect breakfast for a new student!" Remus gasped sounding like an old man. I laughed quietly throwing a bit of donut at his face. We all went back to our breakfast. I groaned when a professor dropped off our schedules. Lily peered over my shoulder to look at my schedule. She twirled her red hair around her finger obviously waiting for something. "Hey Lily, can I see your schedule?", I asked. "Oh, I thought you'd never ask!" she tittered innocently. I peeked at her schedule. "JEEZ, we have the same schedule!", I gasped. The boys glanced over as the girls continued their light chat. "Time to go Fae.", Lily gasped when she saw the time. We gathered our bags and headed to potions. Slughorn seemed like a pretty over enthusiastic teacher. Lily and I sat in the front with Remus and Peter. Sirius and James sat with Madalyn, Xyla, and Zahara in the back of the classroom. Classes for the rest of the day were pretty relaxed. In complete honesty, I couldn't wait to find out what the boys were planning. By lunch it had seemed they had finished their planning. Lily and I entered the Great Hall and sat by the boys, who were in a huddle around a bowl of chips. Remus was the only one to acknowledge our presence. "Having a nice day so far?", he chuckled eyeing Lily who was slumped over a bowl of tomato soup tiredly. I nudged him over so I could get some mozzarella sticks. I stuck my tongue out at him. Everyone in the hall seemed as tired as Lily. Once lunch was over the boys pulled Lily and I to the side. "Meet us at this exact spot after dinner, ok?", James whispered. Lily automatically responded with a yes. I crossed my arms and leaned back against the wall. "What're you four planning?", I asked. They groaned simultaneously. "Can't you just say yes!", Sirius whined. I turned on my heel and headed to charms. The others followed me. "If I get a detention I want at least an explanation.", I murmured so only my friends could hear. Sirius chuckled darkly. "Never had anyone question you before?", I asked. We entered the classroom and sat in the same row in the back. "Why can't you just agree?", he muttered. I glared at him, but he just looked away. I stuck my tongue out at the back of his head. Lily just laughed as I turned to face the front. I crossed my arms across my chest and pouted. I was extremely thankful I didn't have all my classes with the boys. Lily held back to talk to them as I headed to DADA muttering dark thoughts to myself. The rest of the day I continued to keep my distance from my new friends. I was far too stubborn to actually say why I was pissed. And to make matters worse my sisters sided with them. After DADA I went to the lake. By the time dinner rolled around I was in full pout mode. "Awww, little Fae! Don't pout, its not fair!", Remus whined. I glared at him, and he shrunk back. I whipped around to talk to Mary, my other roommate. I didn't even turn around to apologize to Remus when my hair hit him in the face. It went on like this for two weeks. "Ugh, I can't take this anymore!", Sirius screamed. Thankfully we were by the lake. I went back to skipping rocks. "Fae, please listen!", Lily begged. I flipped them the bird. Growling with frustration Remus picked me up and carried me back to the castle. No matter how much I protested he didn't let me down. When he did we were in front of a tapestry across from a Barnabas the Barmy. I gaped when a door suddenly appeared. He dragged me inside, which didn't take as much effort as dragging me inside the castle, while the others slipped in behind us closing the door. Sirius and James guarded the door. "Let me out this instant!", I growled. "NO! this behavior of yours must stop.", Madalyn yawned. I sat down and crossed my arms over chest and glared at the marble floor. The floor was mirror-like. I didn't have to look up to see everyone else's saddened expressions. "I just thought that since we were friends you'd trust me enough tell me." I muttered after five tense minutes of silence. They all looked down at the floor in embarrassment. Peter began to giggle nervously, and soon we were all laughing. "Two whole weeks of moping because of a misunderstanding!", Xyla gasped through tears of laughter. "Fae, we only meant that we didn't want you to know so that at least one of us was innocent.", James sighed after he'd calmed down. Well that made so much sense. 'Why didn't they just say that in the first place?' , I wondered. After the truce of sorts was made we all continued to laugh at how tense things had been the past two weeks. Unknowingly we fell asleep in the room. Things remained friendly until one day Lily didn't show up in the room. James for some reason was extremely pissed. "We are trying to plan a new prank, and she doesn't even show!", James shouted. I glanced at the others a smirk on my lips. We all knew where Lily was. Unbeknownst to James, she was with her hometown friend Severus Snape. Lily didn't show up for hours. When she finally showed up James refused to acknowledge her presence. I went back to my Bertie Botts every flavor beans. "What's wrong with James?", Lily asked. Remus and I shared a knowing look then burst out laughing. The night wore on and we planned pranks making sure that one of us left so we wouldn't all be guilty. They were epic pranks and everyone in the school seemed to generally enjoy them. My friends had to be the best part of going to Hogwarts, and the food. The months wore on and we neared Christmas within what seemed like a few weeks. I decided not to go home. Hogwarts at Christmas time left