Short One-Shot whilst I think of developing a sequel for Distance. Thank you for reading, reviewing and the unintentional inspiration. Bold= Chalkboard Messages. Alice's Point of View~ You seemed off yesterday, I hope that you're ok. I wash away the thick chalk lines littering my blackboard, this is the third time in a fortnight. The first two contained similar messages. The first; Hey, how are you? Please write back. The second; You didn't end up writing back, that's ok you don't need to. You were just meant to read these words. I don't know why I'm not as freaked out as I probably should be or why I haven't called security, students don't have access to this classroom and I doubt that it's a colleague, I've been the last to leave the building every day for the past week. Well, I suppose it's not like they're swearing or threatening me. It's just, odd. I cough at the wisps of dust floating through the air, why this high school hasn't upgraded, I don't know. Though, I can't really complain, after all, I'm just the substitute for the next two months whilst the real teacher is away on sick leave. I sit down at my desk, yes, I have claimed it as mine, my Buffy mug that I've had since I was a teen has stained the wood with its heat, ergo, the desk is now mine. Its funny how attached we get to the things we affect isn't it? My phone vibrates in my pocket again , and I don't need to look at the screen to know that it's Jasper, my on again and off again boyfriend of four years. I take out the phone and sigh, he knows he shouldn't be calling or texting me at work. Look, we need to talk, call me when you finish. The four words that everyone dreads, well, not me, I've heard them so much these past year that I've become immune to its connotations. Now, I know what you're thinking, Alice, if you don't love the boy, why are you still with him? And, if you were a stranger, I'd politely tell you that's it's none of your business. Jasper loves me, he'd do anything for me and I love Jasper, he's my best friend, he knows me but, he doesn't know me and that's probably my fault. We're safe and secure so, I owe it to him and myself to try but, if I were to be truly honest, it's not what I want, desire or crave in my heart of hearts. Don't get me wrong now; I know that love isn't a grand demonstration akin to a Nicolas Sparks adaptation but, it'd be nice to feel desired, wanted, to be craved as much as I do them. Perhaps that isn't meant for some. I send a quick reply telling him Ok and instantly feel guilty for seeming distant. Why does love have to be so complicated? I hear the bell call out and know that in five minutes the doors will open, bringing with it, the multitude of teenagers and hormones. I sigh and rub the remnants of chalk between my fingertips. It's going to be a long day. After School~ I exit the building, but first, I need to sign out, seeing as I'm only a casual staff member. The usual security guard is there sitting behind the plexiglass, dressed in her puffy blue jacket, with the words SECURITY embroidered on the side. I always imagined that she'd have such a lovely figure underneath that uniform. I reach to the book to sign my name, silently wondering if it's plexi or bulletproof glass which separates us, teenager's ey? "Ms Cullen," she greets. I loop the final letter of my name and look up at her, "Bella, we've been through, call me Alice." It took me forever to learn her name so, I use it as much as I can, as if making up for lost time. I had thought that would have done the same though. She leans back against her chair and I'm half tempted to scold her for doing such a thing. "And extinguish this wonderful routine that you and I have established? Perish the thought," she smirks at me. Challenging me. I smirk back, "Working hard?" "Hardly working," Bella replies without missing a beat. I catch some familiar voices coming from the small television screen in front of her and angle myself to get a better view, when I see the display I give her a pointed look. "Clearly. Really Bella? The Pinky and the Brain?" I ask, amused at the viewing pleasures of this mysterious, cool, calm and collected woman. In reply she rests her hands behind her head, "They're evil geniuses, as a security guard, it may help for when I thwart criminals that try to bypass me," she half shrugs. I arch an eyebrow at her, "Only if they're less than a ft., what if they're taller?" She stops leaning back on her chair and I thank God that she didn't crack her head open in the process. "Then it looks like I'd actually have to do some work," she replies and then offers a childish grin that could turn the hardest criminals into jelly. I chuckle and concede to her logic, enjoying the casual and easy banter that always seem to flow between us. With my students, they understand sarcasm but, it usually ends with a touché. I nod my head, "Well, as a teacher, I'll be damned before I ruin one's education, please continue your stories," I turn about to leave, when, above just a whisper I hear her again. "No wonder why the kids love you," she states. I pause and think back on my last lesson, "They weren't so loving when I gave them their homework this afternoon," I reply, not really knowing if I was meant to hear her remark in the first place. She gives a comforting smile, "Don't let the kids grind you down; you hear a lot being in the background." Then, without waiting for a response, she turns her attention back to the television screen as if she hadn't spoken at all. "Goodnight Ms Cullen," she finishes, without looking at me, dismissing me. I smile at her, "Goodnight Bella." As I walk towards my car, I suddenly feel ready for what the night may bring. One Week Later~ You are appreciated more than what you could ever imagine. Ok, I gotta admit, those words are kind of sweet, the moment I catch myself thinking that, I give a frustrated sigh. Of course, I'd be interested in my Chalkboard Stalker. Well, perhaps interested insinuates too much there, but, the mystery is admittedly intriguing. Things the other night with Jasper went better than expected. We're taking a break and neither of us felt hurt by it. I think that this may be it, the last hurrah for us, and, whereas I can't help but feel relieved, I also feel terrified. We've grown too much together but too far apart, I don't want to resent him for staying and I don't want him to resent me for not giving him what he wants and needs. Am I a terrible person for having such feelings and thoughts? Yeah, I am. But, haven't you ever wanted to just be honest with yourself? I look out the window and allow myself a few selfish moments to imagine all the possibilities that the world has to offer. The bell rings, it's going to be a good day. After School~ I walk down towards the sign out security desk again like a ritual to go home. "Good day Miss Cullen?" Bella asks, upon seeing me. I notice that her television is gone and there's a cassette radio in its place. She switches from time to time but, I suppose that's her way of mixing things up at work. I smile at her and sign my name, "Yeah it was, Miss. I don't know your last name," I look at her and she's just smiling openly at me. "That's good to hear," she replies and I almost want to scoff at her nonchalance. "You know, that was a subtle hint to gain your last name," I state. "Why? So you can Facebook stalk me?" she asks, leaning her body towards the edge of her desk, I put my hands up on my side of the ledge and can't help but feel as if I'm a visitor at a prison. "It might be nice to get to know the person that has seen me walk through this door every night. The only things I know about you, are that you watch the Pinky and the Brain and you like Chris Isaak and even the latter is a guess," I rely giving her cassette player a pointed look. At the moment it's playing Wicked Games and, although Mr. Isaak is my go to man for depression sessions, I half want to ask her who owns cassettes anymore? Instead, Bella just shrugs her shoulders, "My taste in music is dependent upon my mood." "So, what's your mood now?" I ask her. She gives me a half smile but doesn't move her body, which is strange, as she's usually fidgeting, "You tell me Miss. Teacher Woman. What do you think this song is about?" "Unrequited love," I answer automatically, who doesn't know that? I think she gives me a sad smile and a slow nod but, I can't really tell because of my reflection. A few falsettos pass us by and she still hasn't moved, "Are your hands ok? They're usually so animated, but they seem still tonight," I finally ask her. "What an odd observation, yeah, they're fine thanks," she assures me and then, it only occurs for a second but, she frowns, as if perplexed by my scrutiny of her. She lifts up her left hand, twinkles her fingers like what they do in movies and then rests her head in her palm as if making a show of it. I roll my eyes at her theatrics but can't help but smile, "I'm a teacher so, I'm constantly on guard as to what kids are doing underneath tables with their hands…that sounded way more sexual than intended," I say grimacing. Bella chuckles at my word vomit, "I understood what you meant, but I can't help but look at you differently now." I sigh dramatically and pout, "You make one accidental dirty comment and the world turns on you." Bella looks at the radio and then back at me, "In tune with the current song, this world is only going to break your heart." I listen to the last chorus of the song and wonder if it's stuck on repeat or if it really has been four minutes since Bella and I have engaged in conversation. I suppose time's a non-existent construct sometimes. "My surname swoops in and out depending on the season," Bella cryptically replies and then I remember our earlier conversation. She sits back and begins to hum along with the song and I can't help but shiver at how haunting everything has suddenly become. "Goodnight Bella," I say. She stops humming, "Goodnight Miss Cullen." The Next Day… I am dying to be seen as a Swan but, I know that I'll always be a duckling to you. A Few Weeks Later~ "I'm beginning to think that you sleep here," I comment, realizing that I have been seeing her more often now that the morning guard has left. Bella smiles tiredly at me and I wonder if she does this with anyone else, she doesn't seem the type to be so responsive. "I don't want to brag but, I have a pretty sweet George Costanza set up underneath this desk," she replies, I understand the Seinfeld reference and chuckle. I sign in my name, "How do you keep yourself entertained for hours at a