Author's Notes: Here it is. The Marriage Decree. For those of you who don't know, I have taken my old fanfiction, FORCED TOGETHER, and rewritten. It had been so long since I'd even looked at it that I've forgotten what I had been planning so I decided to just start again following along the same plot lines. Hopefully, you'll all love it. Follow me on Tumblr ( bigdswisdom . tumblr . com) for updates, sneaky-peaks of upcoming chapters, polls and answering your questions. I dedicate this fanfiction to anyone who ever read Forced Together and to everyone who reads The Marriage Decree. Love, Dumbledore's Wisdom. P.S. Enjoy Xx The Marriage Decree Chapter 1 During her first few months of Hogwarts, Hermione would constantly dream of home. Taking long Sunday walks around the park with her parents and Bobby, their next door neighbour's dog. Or lounging in the armchair watching Disney films on VHS. Or being at one of their family's barbeques playing with her cousins. It helped her get through the loneliness that encapsulated her at school before she became friend with Harry and Ron. Although even then she would find herself dreaming about what her life would have been like had she not been a witch. If she had attended the local secondary school with her best friend, Derek, from primary school. It wasn't until her third year when she finally began to feel as though she was fitting in with the wizarding world that the dreams stopped. Instead, whenever she was home for the holidays, her dreams would take her back to Hogwarts. Sitting in Hagrid's shack with Harry and Ron. Or reading books upon books in the library, eagerly trying to expand her knowledge of the wizarding world. Or eating dinner in the Great Hall with all her friends. It helped her through the blandness of being home in the muggle world. There are only a few days left before the Hogwarts Express is due to transport everyone back home and as per usual, the Gryffindor common room is an absolute mess with people throwing things around trying to find lost socks or school books so they can finish packing their trunks. Hermione's thankful that she is a tidy, organised person and finished packing days ago. She decides to take this opportunity to get some quiet reading done outside under an old oak tree. The skies are a clear blue, the grass are a luscious green and the sun is beating down strongly. Hermione finds her favourite spot overlooking the Great Lake, sits herself down and begins to read feeling content in herself. She is so engrossed in her book that she doesn't hear it at first. But then something in her subconscious tells her that there's a noise that doesn't belong nearby. She pauses in her reading, listening out for whatever it is when it happens again. The sound of tapping. Of course being outside, sat under a tree, you might expect to hear some tapping from maybe a bird, high in the branches of said tree. But this tapping is different. It's as if the bird is tapping on a glass surface. Confused, Hermione stands up, glancing around her surroundings, not exactly sure what she's expecting to find. There's no evidence to suggest that there's a pane of glass being tapped on nearby. Especially since she's sitting too far away from the school building to hear anything. Then the tapping noise happens again. This time, it comes from behind her, followed by a hoot. 'An owl.' Hermione thinks, rolling over in her bed. 'I should probably get that.' She adds in her head but shuffles further under her quilt. She decides to head back up to her common room to see if the boys are any closer finished to being packed when she hears a new sound. The sound of knocking that one would expect to hear on a door. It's at that moment that Hermione blinks sending herself into darkness. At first, she thinks she hasn't reopened her eyes from the blink so she blinks again and realises that the darkness is surrounding her. "Hermione?" Her Dad's voice questions from somewhere near. "Umm." She hums realising she's in bed, at home. Her dreams have always been very convincing. "Hermione?" Her Dad repeats louder. "Yeah, Dad," She said dryly with a cough to clear her throat. She needs a drink of water. "Will you open the window for that bloody bird?" He calls back slightly annoyed. "Your mum and I are trying to have a lie in," He adds as an explanation. As if on cue the tapping noise from her dream comes from her window. Hermione jumps, or rather crawls, out of bed then shuffles her way over to her window. Opening it let not only the owl in but also a large gust of icy, winter wind sending a shiver down her spine. The barn own flies gracefully around her room before swooping down and landing on her lamp. The owl lifts its left leg for Hermione to unclip her letter, which she does, before flying straight back out her window. She can't help thinking that it hadn't been a very friendly owl. She shuts her window before actually jumping back into her warm, cosy bed to read her letter. A heavy sigh escapes her lips when her eyes catch sight of the Ministry of Magic seal on the back. Hermione's been receiving letters from them, at least once a week, since the end of the war asking her to give a speech about her bravery in the war. As far as she's concerned, she wasn't brave. She'd been terrified the entire time, she just knew how to hide her fear better than others. The brave ones were the ones who gave up their lives for the war. Before she thinks too far into it and upsets herself, she rips open the envelope to get it over and done with. Kingsley Shacklebolt Ministry of Magic London England Saturday 2nd January 1999 Dear Mr/Miss, As you may well know, it has been eight months since the end of the war where we lost so many loved ones at the hand of Lord Voldemort and his Death Eaters. We are saddened to inform you that we have a total body count. 231. Unfortunately, this number of deaths in such a small period of time has drastically decreased our population and therefore, the Ministry of Magic has created a new decree in the hope that it will help boost not only our population but also our morale. The Marriage Decree 1. All those who graduate from Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry in May 1999 to those aged 23 on 1st June 1999 will be required to marry in The Partner Ceremony. 2. In order to effectively match you with somebody compatible, the attached questionnaire must be honestly filled in and returned to the Ministry of Magic by 1st March 1999. 3. Once married, you and your partner will be given access to your new home in our Ministry Starter House Estate where you will reside for two years or until the conception of your first child. a. If at two years you have not conceived a child, both you and your partner will be tested for fertility. If one is found to be infertile, you may divorce and the fertile partner must remarry within one year. b. With proof of conception from St Mungo's Hospital for Magical Maldives and Injuries, you may move into your own residence if you wish. 4. The Law a. All marriages within this age range will be made illegal up until The Partner Ceremony on 1st June 1999 b. Any person who does not return their questionnaire will be sentenced to a minimum of two months imprisonment in Azkaban. c. Any person who refuses to marry their chosen partner will be sentenced to a minimum of four months imprisonment in Azkaban. d. Any person found guilty of using an infertility potion or charm will be sentenced to a minimum of six months imprisonment in Azkaban. Thank you for your time. Approved and Signed by Kingsley Shacklebolt Minister of Magic. Hermione has to re-read the letter multiple times before it even begins to sink in and even then she isn't one hundred percent sure she has read it correctly. Kingsley wants to force us to marry someone we probably won't know and then force us to have children with these people within two years. 'What about those of us already in a relationship?' She thinks, her mind flashing to images of Ron. They'd kind of been an item since the end of the war when, in the heat of the moment, they had kissed in the Chamber of Secrets. Hermione was in a constant argument with herself as to whether they were together or not. Since that one time, they hadn't kissed again or been out on a date together. The closest they had come to being romantic in any way was Christmas Eve when he had pecked her cheek under some mistletoe. It was mistletoe. So he had the option to kiss her passionately on the lips but he hadn't. That's when she started doubting their relationship. She saw how Harry and Ginny were together and she was envious. Not of them but of what they have and the love they share. 'Hopefully, the ministry will take current relationships into consideration.' Hermione thinks climbing out of bed. She quickly gets changed into a pair of jeans, a shirt and a cardigan before quietly making her way downstairs. Her aim is to sneak out of her house and disapparate to The Burrow to get their opinion on the matter. Maybe Arthur will have some insider information. She manages to pull on one boot before she hears footsteps upstairs. With no time to spare, she grabs her coat, bag and other boot then makes a run for it out of the front door, down their path, away from the protection spell, and onto the street where she concentrates on the burrow, turns around and disapparates away. The skies are grey and gloomy over The Burrow today, forecasting the emotions that are to come once they read their letters. Hermione doesn't expect any of the Weasley children to be up this early but through the kitchen window, she sees Percy looking down at their kitchen worktop. She glances down at her hands wondering whether or not to put her other boot on seeing as she'd just have to take it off again once she enters the burrow. She decides against it, deeming it a waste of time, before hobbling down The Burrow's garden path to their kitchen door. She doesn't bother knocking and just walks straight in causing Percy to glance up from a letter he's reading but upon seeing it's just Hermione he goes back to it. "The Marriage Decree." She wonders aloud. "Mmhmm." He hums not looking up from his letter. "What do you think about it?" She asks. Percy stays quiet for a few seconds as he finishes the letter for what she's sure is not the first time. He shakes his head angrily before looking up at her. "This is just another way for the Ministry to force us to do what they want. Is nothing sacred anymore? I want to fall in love, Hermione. I don't want to be given a wife at some fucking Partner Ceremony then expected to make a future with them. It's disgusting." Percy shouts waving his letter around. This is the new Percy we had come to know since he quit his job at the Ministry at the end of the war. Full of hatred towards the government that did nothing to protect his family thereby causing one of his brothers to die. "They shall expect a strongly worded howler from me," He adds throwing his letter onto the kitchen table and taking