A/N Hi Just a short tale taking a different path. The fateful birthday changes so Edward never left. No pregnancy to trigger a change. AU and OC, starts BxE but his controlling ways become too much... (I have done my best but I know even after re-reading I have left many grammatical errors that I don't even see. Sorry. Any offers of assistance gratefully received!) Life moves on. Life with Edward was not all I hoped for. I grew up, he didn't. His controlling ways became less acceptable. Life moves on. They say hindsight is 20 20. I look back now and see things so differently than I did at the time. I had so much to learn. Making mistakes and learning from them is the only way to grow. I just wish I had learned a bit sooner or a bit faster but I don't know where I would be today if I had. I like the me of today! They always say the place to start a story is the beginning but most of you know the basics and who really wants yet another long winded rehash of events. I'll compromise and go for reminding you of the turning points. To put it bluntly I was a oops baby. They married and tried to make it work as a family but it was not to be. They went with convention and I was taken by my Mother. Mother figure, she was not; flake, airhead, butterfly are more descriptive. She flitted from place to place, man to man, interest to interest, job to job without a care for the child she towed in her wake. I took responsibility, she let me, even encouraged me calling me her middle-aged child. She repeated it so much I believed her, more fool me. She got a man that stuck and I became a drag. I cut myself free and headed to my Father. He was a good solid man but he never learnt to be a Dad. I never had a parental figure so I went in doing what came naturally to me. I cooked and cleaned without asking, having utilities paid without my input was just a bonus. I never considered I didn't need to do those things for him until it was far too late. I never had someone look after me so when I blundered into Edward's life it turned me upside down. The extremes of emotion that came with his entry to my life had me grasping at sand. As fast as I thought we had something the sand tickled away, the tighter I held on the fast it left me. Just think of a cat trying to catch the light from a laser pointer, you'd give the cat better odds of succeeding than you would me. The wallflower became a star, the heroine in an action movie. Yes, I was one of those pathetic heroines from the old films that faints at the whiff of blood. Running and being injured by nomads threw me in the deep-end. It felt like I was never enough, the more I tried to fit in the more I lost the things that make me who I am. My 18th birthday was a milestone made more by events. Charlie hadn't had the chance to celebrate a birthday with me for many years. The miles between us and commitments of school and work took precedence. He wanted to make up for the lost years. Alice wanted to throw a party at their house but Charlie put his foot down. We went to the Lodge instead, the Cullen's joined us, but not all of them. Emmett gloated that he, Rosalie and Jasper didn't have to force nasty human food down. The meal went well enough, me feeling guilty about the vampires pushing food around their plates and Charlie looking like he was in a dentist chair as Carlisle and Esme made small talk. With the gifts came the problem. I cut my finger on the wrapping paper. Edward reacted strongly, pouncing to his feet. Carlisle caught his arm and Alice caught the table minimising the intensity of his response. Alice had a first aid kit in her handbag, she left it in Carlisle's expert hands. Edward went with Esme and Alice for a walk outside while Carlisle patched me up. His reaction they put down to panic for my welfare and a poor reaction to blood stemming from the loss of his parents. 'He didn't like to talk about it' ended the line questions pretty quickly, if only for courtesies sake. Charlie never quite forgave, he watched closely from then on. The rest of the school was spent trying to reassure Edward and tolerating his ridiculous controlling mood swings. As the months became ever colder I spent more time at Edward's house. When the weather became warm again our outings were to his meadow and back. The only time we went out in public were Alice's tortuous shopping trips. Edward didn't like going to the cinema as other patrons were too noisy and distracted him from the film. The one visit to a restaurant on the night he rescued me was the first and last. Since he doesn't eat it he decided it made more sense to eat in private. Then I thought it was romantic that he want to spend all his time with me and keep me to himself. After growing up living with the aftermath of my parents marriage and listening to the vitriol my mother spouted about 'marriage being an expensive piece of paper', that cost even more to get out of. My dreams of marriage, kids and the picket fence were only those made of nightmares. Before graduation he had given me the ultimatum, if I wanted to have sex with him before he changed me I had to marry him. I hated getting day by day older than him but I agreed to his conditions. He talked about university but I thought that would be after I was one of them. I went though the 'she must have a bun in the oven' attitude from everyone that learnt I was marrying so young. Charlie wasn't happy but I was 18, if he kick off I would just leave and do it anyway. Renee was still in honeymoon mode so she didn't react as I expected, she was pleased for me. Alice went all out organising an event of the decade which I had no input in. I was just the pose-able dummy that never rocked the boat. Picture perfect might be one description of the production that was my wedding but it was all a veneer, looked pretty on the outside but it was all fake if you scratched the surface. As with everything Edward did, the honeymoon was a big secret. The fact I hate surprises was totally ignored, along with any other opinion I may have held. The journey was long and tiring. He consummated the marriage but against his wishes and he made it known. Mister Belt and Braces double bagged, he got his. I got plenty of bruises and a return of 'I'm a monster' for the rest of the time away. He never touched me again, 'too dangerous' a line I heard until I was sick of it. I tried the response, 'so change me' but that got a strong 'no' and even more days of scowling. So yes Isle Esme was beautiful, I saw all of it rather than a more traditional honeymoon. Sightsee until I drop was the distraction he employed to avoid intimacy with me. The seed of dissent were sown in those early days. It took me years to full acknowledge the problems but by then they had grown to unmanageable proportions. We went back. We lived with the Cullen's. I got chaste kisses as I endured hearing the exuberant bedroom activities of especially Emmett and Rosalie. Keeping a theme with everything a surprise, we moved. I expected a remote location so he could change me but no, Harvard instead. I worked hard getting in a full load, thinking it was short term. I wanted to go to study groups but Edward said he could teach me everything. Parties were acceptable as long as they were Edward and Alice approved. Alice dressed us all. Edward never let go of my arm unless Alice escorted me to the bathroom. As the months passed I started to recognise how much I missed Charlie's influence. With him, I got to go shopping alone for food, cook meals and spend time with Charlie. Now it was Edward 24/7. I felt like I was suffocating. I like a wide range of music but it's nice to choose what to listen to from time to time. You know put something on you are in the mood to listen to. Not a chance. All I heard was, 'It isn't suitable studying music, this would be better', 'Please don't touch my stereo, it's very delicate', 'I've put some new songs on your ipod', yeah, and all my favourites have gone, 'I'll play your song for you'. I love having a song written for me but listening to a lullaby all day, every day, gets really old after a while. Reading, my favourite escape became another bone of contention. You have read that before, this is on you reading list for next term. You should expand your horizons, try this. You haven't read the book I suggested yet, why not? During the summer, Emmett, Rosalie, Jasper and Alice all went away for a couple of weeks. Edward became a neurotic limpet for the duration. I suffered from what I can only describe as cabin fever. He wouldn't let me leave the house apart from a few visits to a different meadow. The second year of university I played the good little mannequin but inside was a different story. The resentment and anger built daily. I loved the sunny days having the freedom just to be me. It was during the spring months that the puppet started rebelling, just little things to start with but I gleaned so much pleasure from petty things. I accidentally sat on the volume control and it came on full. I put the CD back in the wrong case. I looked at some cd's and put them back in the wrong order. I played chopsticks on the piano. Touching his beloved piano was an offence in it's own right but with bacon grease on my fingers, oh! the horror. The coffee spilt on the silk top. The skirt that accidentally got caught in the door, ripping it beyond repair. A leaky pen accidentally left in a pocket. The grass stains on the designer suit she forced me to wear, the bonus of breaking the heel on the stupid shoes when I fell was just a bonus. Even stubbing my toe so my tears messed up the make-up. Leaving a book in a classroom, making Edward late as he retrieved it for me. The list goes on each as petty as the next. Edward never allowed me time to spend with the rest of his family without throwing a tantrum. Alice was the only exception. Emmett wormed his way in by acting like a clown and ignoring all the rules and regulations that Edward and Alice deemed necessary for me living in the same house as them. Emmett became the big brother I idolised. His 'pranks' on me became the hair, make-up and clothes defacing variety much to my amusement and their horror. The pranks on Edward involved his music, his school books or his car, giving me anything from a few minutes to a few hours of Edward free time. Emmett got so much grief from them over his actions but that just caused him to ramp up his game. Alice had entire wardrobes of coats and jackets for me but there was one