Blood Brother Unbeknownst to Laurent, Victoria followed him to the meadow. Bella was caught up in the fight between wolf and vampire. Blood spilt on all sides. The consequences far reaching. BellaxJasper eventually. OOC, AU. A/N I had this idea stuck in my head. I had to write it down to stop it distracting me. I got a couple of chapters in and the stubborn idea wanted a different path. I started again going down a different route. The idea wouldn't relent for either route so I flipped between the two paths until now I have two stories; one team wolf and the other team vamp. Since they started from one idea their names are virtually the same... look for the 's' to check the version you are reading! Chapter 1 A brown wolf howled as it ran, skidding to a halt at the tree line. Its form vibrated as he shrank back into human form. Jared did a hopping run as he pulled on a pair of cutoff jeans. The door of the nearest house ripped open. An old man looked out. His eyes scouring the tree line for movement. When the young man, he stepped back holding the door open for him. As soon as the door slammed shut Jared started to speak. "Call a meeting. We need to meet out of town. A wolf was hurt, but we also have a human down. It's Chief Swan's daughter. We took out one vamp, but the other evaded us." Old Quil already had his phone in hand, making two rapid calls. The young man waited until he got hold of the others and then he turned. "I'll phase back to let the others know. Then I'll patrol close to home until I get new orders." The old man called, "Thanks, Jared", as the young man bolted back outside. The rusty red truck pulled up outside an isolated house hidden by the trees from other inhabitants in the area and any stray passersby. A faded blue car sat in front of the house. Old Quil, Billy, and Sue and Harry Clearwater waited expectantly as the truck rattled to a stop. Sam jumped out of the driver's seat as three wolves emerged from the trees in their human forms. Jacob struggled to remain human. Sam quickly took in Jacob's vibrating shape, ordering Embry and Jake to phase wolf and run a sweep to ensure no more vampires were in the area. Jake tried to complain, but Sam beat him to it. "Sue will look at her. One of us will phase as soon as we know anything. Run. Let off some steam." A tightening of Jacob's jaw and a steely glint in his eye were the last sign of his dissension before he turned back to the forest. Jared walked from the edge of the forest. With a flick of his eyes, Sam indicated to Jared that he should bring Bella inside. Jared opened the door of the truck, gently scooped Bella out, and carried her slumped body into the house. Sue checked Paul over as he mumbled continuously, "I'm fine. I just need some food". His wounds looked raw, but they had closed smoothly. Sue sighed, but stepped away and went into the house to check her other patient. Paul slid out of the truck and stumbled. Sam was by him in an instant. He unwillingly accepted Sam's shoulder to aid his entry into the house. The table inside groaned under the weight of food. Paul sat down at the table and dug in. Ignoring the glasses, he grabbed one of the jugs containing a strange colored drink. Shuddering slightly at the initial taste, he drained the entire contents. Only then did he methodically start devouring the food. After only a few minutes, the difference in him was profound. Sue appeared from the other room. "I have cleaned her up and checked her over. She has a strong pulse. The injuries have knitted neatly, but it still might be a while until she comes round." She stayed standing in the doorway. Keeping one eye on the unconscious girl and the other on Paul. Sam ran out of the room, only to return just minutes later. "I passed the message on to Jake. He is coping better now." Old Quil, Harry, and Billy all sat waiting. Jared's very brief explanation had been enough to get Sue and the rest of them here, but they were used to being in the know; their impatience was starting to show. Sam slumped down into a chair. "We were patrolling. Jake saw Bella's truck and wanted to check on her. We followed her scent to a meadow. Jake wanted to phase human to speak with her, which I vetoed. He was still arguing his point when we caught the stench of vampire. We were too far away initially to catch every word. She knew him. We stayed down wind, getting as close as we could without making ourselves known. He closed in on her. "We were about to pounce when a second vampire appeared. She was furious. She had sent the male vampire to find Bella and report back. She overheard him tell Bella he was going drain her then lie about finding her. The female vamp went off like a deranged cat spitting and clawing at the male. Bella was too close, so we intervened. "The plan was for Jared, Embry, and I to go after the male, Paul and Jacob the female. When the male saw us, he took off. It was a few miles before we chased the male to ground. We were aware what happened back in the clearing through our link. I'll let Paul fill you in on that." Sam nodded for Paul to tell their side. Paul swallowed his current mouth full so he could speak. "The red head grabbed at Bella. Jake was screaming in his mind not to attack in case Bella got hurt, but the red head was preparing to run with her. I had a clean shot at the vamp so I took it. "I ripped off the arm holding Bella. The vamp was fast though. She swiped at me with her other arm. The impact knocked me sideways. The leech used her nails to cut open my shoulder and chest. I didn't realize Bella had fallen behind me until my back foot landed on something soft. It distracted me. The red head hit me again and I went down. I was out cold. "From Jacob's memories I landed on Bella. The vamp ran. Jacob froze, panicked over Bella. He briefly thought about chasing the red head, but quickly decided to stay with Bella and me. He tried to phase back human to help us, but his anger at what had happened was too much. He used his head to roll me off Bella. She couldn't breathe; my weight was crushing her. As soon as she was free of my weight, she took a rasping breath. "The vamp's twitching forearm and hand had somehow landed on Bella. I trapped it when I landed on her. As soon as Jake saw the arm, his wolf instincts took over. He was like a dog worrying a bone. He shook the arm with fury. The clear liquid that passes for blood in leeches was spraying out. He heard a gasp from Bella. It bought him out of the rage, but the wolf instincts were still in control. He slithered over to her on his belly whimpering. She blacked out again. She was covered in venom and blood, hers and mine. He started licking her to try and get her to come round. First her face and then down on her stomach where I had clawed her. The gashes from my claws start half way between her belly button and her left side going all the way to her waist. I was just coming round at this point. Still out of it from the blow and blood loss I think, but I noticed where he licked was healing at wolf speed. I reached over with my good arm to hold the gashes together and help speed the process. I talked to Jacob, I'm not sure how much got through to him, but she looked so frail lying there in a pool of blood. I know I never had a good word to say about her in the past but..." he took a shuddering breath and his eyes were glistening with unshed tears, as guilt ate at him. "No-one deserves that. I harmed her, unintentional as it was. I will do anything I can to help her get back on her feet". Sam took over, "Embry stayed on fire duty to get rid of the male. Jared and I split off to chase down the female. I made the call to end the chase when we crossed the furthest point we patrol. It was more important to get back to our fallen brother than chase her any further. Jake was fully wolf in his thoughts, but we still had a visual of events from him. "I was as shocked as the others that her wounds were closing. They had both lost a lot of blood, so I wanted to get them home. The hospital was out of the question for her based on the way those gashes closed. I'm not sure what we should tell Chief Swan". "She's coming round," Sue spoke softly, but everyone heard her clearly. They all made their way into the other room. They watched her eyes open, blink a few times, and then those brown eyes scanned the room. She looked at each of them before doing a double take at Paul. Her eyes went wide and then a gasp, followed by a small shake of her head. She closed her eyes again. They waited. Not a word was spoken. At last she opened her eyes again. She moved her hands gently across her left side. The t-shirt she was wearing was huge on her, but it was clean. The smell of blood had gone. "Can I sit up?" She ask quietly. Sue nodded. Sam and she went to help her sit up. Sue plumped the pillows to keep her supported and comfortable. Sue held out a glass of water for her. Bella took a sip before passing it back with a nod of thanks. "So the legends are true, all of them. Wolves and Cold Ones," she stated. Old Quil scowled, but Billy rolled forward to the bed, close enough to hold her hand. He looked her in the eyes trying to read her before answering. "Yes, they are true. Are you feeling strong enough to tell us what happened?" Bella looked down, away from his kind, darker brown eyes. Her arms wrapped around her chest as she held herself and held back the tears. She nodded. "I need to start much earlier than today. I heard most of the conversation as I was coming round." She told them of the Cullens and the baseball game, her run to Phoenix, and what really happened there as opposed to the cover story they had been told. She went on and told of her conversation with Laurent in the meadow, explaining how Laurent was going to make a meal of her and then return to Victoria telling her his recon was fruitless; the pet was dead. Billy clarified. "So the red headed female, Victoria, she'll come back for you?" "It sounds likely from what Laurent said. The way Victoria reacted to him, I don't think she will forget about me any time soon," Bella said with a sigh. "As for Charlie, Billy, will you give him a call later and tell him I made up with Jake. I fell to sleep watching a movie with him. I'll call Charlie tomorrow when we see how I'm feeling. If we can hide this, I think it would be