This story began as a Prompts in Panem submission for their "Everlark at War" day, but it took on a life of its own and I decided to turn it into a multi-chapter fic. This first chapter should be enough to establish Peeta and Katniss and where they both are at the start of the story. I have a definite arc and a definite ending for this story but now that I'm not trying to limit it to one-shot length I'll probably add more meat the the middle, and more HG characters. In case anyone was wondering: I don't own The Hunger Games. ... August 25, 1862 Her plan was perfect. There were already rumors of other women secretly joining up to fight. She knew she was tough enough to serve in the army. She knew that with her hair cut short she could pass for one of the teenage boys signing up. She knew that her army pay would be enough to support Prim and their mother, something she couldn't do now that all trade in town had dried up amidst war worries. Trade had been growing scarce ever since the disaster at Bull Run a year earlier, but Lincoln's draft order earlier in the month had been the death knell for her ability to trade in town. The really brilliant part, the part she had taken time to pat herself on the back about, was leaving her small hometown of Panem, Pennsylvania and traveling to the state capitol to join a volunteer regiment. Everyone from Panem was serving in the 47th Pennsylvania, and if she tried to join that regiment they'd recognize her in an instant. Gale in particular would expose her just to make sure she got sent home; he always had been overprotective. But by volunteering and going to the capitol, she wound up filling a spot in the First Volunteers. She shouldn't encounter anyone who might recognize her form home. The idea was so perfect that someone else had already done the same thing. "Mellark!" Captain Abernathy bellowed as he entered the tent. "Meet your new bunkmate. Peeta Mellark, Kat Everdeen. The two of you'll be bunking till we string up Jeff Davis. Or till one of you dies, I guess. But don't do that. Stay alive." Captain Abernathy sure had a way of inspiring his troops. ….. "Well, never expected to see you here." Katniss gave him a hostile look. "What are you talking about?" Peeta raised his hands, as if in surrender. "Come on, you don't need to pretend with me. I know we're not exactly friends back home, but you don't need to treat me like the enemy. 'Kat.'" A tine flame of hope sprang to life in her soul. "You mean you won't turn me in?" He looked shocked at the idea. "Of course not! Why on earth would I do that?" "I'm not allowed to be here," she said vaguely. She didn't dare state the truth; they were only in a tent, who knew who might be listening from outside. "It's life and death out here, Kat," he said, trying to get himself used to using the name. "You'll find that not many folks care about what's allowed. For instance, Haymitch is a drunk." "Haymitch?" "Captain Abernathy." She was horrified. "Our captain is a drunk?" Peeta smiled at her reaction. "Yep. Don't let that affect your opinion of him, he's handy on the battlefield. Just don't expect him to be coherent later that night." Katniss shook her head. "Sounds like I have a lot to learn about being in the army." "Here's hoping you'll get the chance to learn it," Peeta said. It wasn't until he saw her horrified expression that he realized what he'd just said. "Sorry," he said timidly. "Gallows humor. You'll be more comfortable with it after a few battles." He decided to change the subject. "Will you tell me what happened at home that you're here now? I can't imagine you left Prim willingly." Katniss debated whether or not to answer. She decided that keeping Peeta as an ally would probably help her survive this mess. "What happened was that everyone left. There weren't enough people left in town to keep supporting Mom and Prim by trading game, and certainly no one willing to give a job to a woman." "But they could live on a soldier's pay," Peeta finished for her. "Wow. You literally went to war for your family." Katniss scowled. "Don't mock me." Peeta's eyes went wide in surprise. "Who's mocking you? I'm in awe." "You're just saying that to poke fun at me," Katniss said sullenly. "I'm saying it because it's true," Peeta protested. "You've dedicated your entire life to taking care of your family, when by all rights at your age your family should still be taking care of you, and now you've literally put yourself into a war just to make sure they have enough. Do you honestly not see how remarkable you are?" Katniss was uncomfortable with where the conversation was heading, as she always was when she received compliments. So she changed the subject. "What about you? When you vanished last year there was some talk that you'd joined the army, but nobody's heard anything about you since then. It's like you fell off the face of the earth." "I'm hiding from my mother," he said sheepishly. "She would never allow one of her sons to do anything so common as serve in the army, so I snuck away to the capitol to enlist. If she knew where I was, she'd get her cousin the senator to get me out, or get me transferred to a unit guarding the Canadian border or something. What about you, who are you hiding from?" "Everyone," she said. "Most everyone from Panem is in the 47th, I wouldn't last two seconds in there before someone recognized me." She paused to consider him. She hated owing people, and she already owed this Peeta Mellark so much. Now she owed him even more for not turning her in. "Peeta, I don't know how I can ever repay you for not turning me in." "You don't owe me anything." "Of course I do! This was the only way I could earn enough money to support Prim and my mother. With your discretion, you're literally saving their lives." After a moment, she added in a soft voice, "Again." "Again?" he questioned. "You probably don't remember this, but a few years ago, you gave me some bread-" "Of course I remember," Peeta cut her off. "It was right after your father died, and you looked like you were going to drop at any moment. How could I forget that?" "You never mentioned it," Katniss said. "Didn't think it was my place to," Peeta said. "Figured if you wanted to talk about it you'd bring it up, and if not I wasn't going to force you." Katniss was floored for a moment. He had saved her life, and then he was careful not to make her uncomfortable about it? People that nice didn't really exist, did they? "Katniss, you don't owe me anything for the bread." "That bread was the first food we'd had in days. Me, my mother, Prim, none of us would be alive right now if it wasn't for that bread. I'll never stop owing you for that." "If you really think you owe me, then here's what you can do for me: Stop acting like you owe me. I gave you that bread because I wanted to help you. You just said that it helped you. Good; that's my reward." "But-" "Tell you what, can we at least table this discussion until after you've been in your first battle? After that, we'll each owe each other our lives so many times over that you'll lose count." ….. October 5, 1862 He was right. Less than a month after "Kat" Everdeen joined the First Pennsylvania Volunteers, she got her first real taste of battle, at Antietam Creek in Maryland. There had been a few small skirmishes before that, and each one had filled her with a terror she hadn't felt since that day in the rain, when she had been ready to die, until an angel appeared with two loaves of burned bread. This is what it feels like when you're about to die , she realized, and she knew she was going to have to get used to the feeling if she was going to last long in this war. But then, she still had that same angel with her. Peeta had been right about Antietam, after the chaos of battle she owed her life to all of her fellow soldiers, and they all owed their lives to her, and there was no way to account for all the owing. And somehow that only made her feel more indebted to Peeta Mellark, because in the middle of the chaos he was an anchor she could cling to. Something from home to remind her that this wasn't all some surreal nightmare. But she didn't talk about it anymore. For all that he was helping her, from keeping her secret to keeping her sane to being a soothing presence when she woke up from terrifying nightmares about the battle, she could at least do him the favor of not bringing up the one subject he had said he didn't want to discuss. So she didn't talk to him about it anymore. But she didn't stop feeling like she owed him. It had been several weeks since Antietam, and they hadn't seen any major action since then. She and Peeta were sitting around the fire with several other members of the First Volunteers. They were an odd bunch, but Katniss decided she liked most of them. In his mid-30s, Caesar was the old man of the group, with hair so black that it almost looked blue in the firelight. She didn't even know his first name, he never used it and neither did anyone else. He was a gregarious guy, always helping the younger guys feel at ease. And when he and Peeta started going back and forth with each other, the entire company sat back to watch the show. Doc Aurelius was another good guy. He was quiet and kept to himself, and Katniss could respect that. He was a doctor back home, but had wound up with the First instead of the medical corps. Peeta had suggested that she tell Doc Aurelius about her situation; getting injured and sent to the medics was the most likely way of her being found out, and having a doctor who could treat her in confidence might help prevent that. Katniss wasn't sure she was ready to trust him that much, though. Andrew Cato and Jonathan Marvel were the careers: newly-minted Lieutenants fresh from West Point, not enlistees like the rest of the company. They couldn't stand the disorganized, slovenly, drunken Captain they'd been assigned to serve under, and Haymitch wasn't too fond of them either. They mostly kept to themselves, rather than take out their frustrations on the enlistees they were technically in charge of. Katniss couldn't help but think of some of the people missing from their gathering. Jackson, Mitchell, Homes, and Messalla had all been lost at Antietam. She had barely been here a month and was already losing friends and comrades. Right now the focus was on Finnick Odair, the veteran. He had been a career officer like Cato and Marvel, he had graduated from West Point in '54, but quit the army four years later to settle down when his wife, Annie, became pregnant with their first child. He had re-enlisted when the war began, but for reasons he wouldn't go into he hadn't been restored to his previous rank. Haymitch treated Finnick more like a legitimate junior officer than he did Cato and Marvel. Caesar liked to get Finnick talking about Annie and