Oh, hello there. How are you enjoying the celebration? Good thing the snow held off so everyone was able to make it today. I love the Harvest Festival. I've always thought that this is the most wonderful time of the year. It's the most wonderful time of the year When we all come together And brave the cold weather For free food and beer! It's the most wonderful time of the year! It's the hap- happiest season of all When we celebrate our lib- -eration, freedom, and Acceptance for all! It's the hap- happiest season of all! What's that? You want to hear a story. Oh, that's why you've sought me out, isn't it? You want to hear the story. You want me to tell you the story of the 74th annual Harvest Festival. You want to hear the story of the Misfit Lovers from District 12. Well, have a seat, it's a long one. The 74th Harvest Festival was the biggest and best that District 12 had ever seen, all thanks to the Misfit Lovers, Katniss and Peeta. Everybody knows that. But do you know the real story of how that came to be, or just the rumors and myths that everyone thinks is the real story? Ah, I've caught your attention now, haven't I? Before I can tell you about the 74th Harvest Festival, I have to explain everything that came before. We begin the summer before the Festival. ….. "But I don't want to be a coal miner! I want to be a hunter!" Katniss Everdeen was having a singularly unproductive conversation with her mother. "Katniss, you know that's folly," the older woman said. Her voice was unyielding, but not unkind. She understood the younger woman's desire to follow her heart, but she also knew that she had to make her daughter face reality. "We live in District 12, and in District 12, we mine coal. It's been that way since the Dark Days. If we don't mine coal, the Abominable Snow-Man will destroy us." The Abominable Snow-Man had arrived 74 years earlier. Nobody knew where it had come from, only what it did. During the Dark Days, the Snow-Man had inflicted terrible devastation on the districts. None could stand up to the monster's fearsome power. Now every district had assigned duties - District 1 mining gems and precious metals, District 2 stonework and warfare, District 4 fishing, District 12 coal. The Snow-Man ruled through fear; if any district wasn't fulfilling its obligations, the Abominable Snow-Man would show up and wreak havoc in the district. Everybody knew what happened to District 13, wiped out when it refused to fulfill it's graphite-mining duties. District 12 was surrounded by an electric fence, supposedly to protect the district from the Snow-Man, but also to keep the people trapped in the district. The fence was a joke, though - it was hardly ever electrified. The Snow-Man wouldn't bother them as long as they met their coal quotas, and it was fear of the Snow-Man that kept the people inside the fence. It didn't work on everyone, though. Katniss regularly ventured to the woods outside the fence on her hunting trips. So far she had not had a direct confrontation with the Abominable Snow-Man, only occasionally hearing its terrible roar from far in the distance. Katniss had just turned 17 a few months earlier. The day was approaching when she would be considered an adult, and unless they were from the handful of merchant families who ran the shops in town, adults in District 12 mined coal. But Katniss detested the idea. Her father had died in the coal mine, and she couldn't imagine forcing herself into the same mine that had taken him away from her. What she wanted to do was hunt, to bring food into the district and feed people. Her father had taught her to hunt on his rare days off from the mine, and it was Katniss's one true passion. After her mother left the room, Katniss was left to ponder her dilemma yet again. She sighed, and quietly hummed an old tune her father had taught her. Why am I such a misfit? I am not just a nit-wit Just because I hunt with a bow Why can't I fit in? The whole thing seemed so unfair to Katniss. As she sat in her kitchen chair and stewed, she watched her little sister Prim in the next room. Her mother was right, if she didn't go into the mines she would be putting the entire district in danger, including Prim. But Katniss was right about herself as well, there was no way she could go down into that mine every day, not after seeing her father torn apart in her nightmares every night. That left her with only one option. She had to go someplace where she wouldn't be a threat to those around her. She had to run away into the woods. ... On the other side of the district, the baker's youngest son was having a similarly unproductive discussion with his mother. "But Mom, it's so uncomfortable to wear this thing all day! I don't see why I can't take it off for a while when I'm sitting at the counter." His mother slapped him across the face. It was hardly the first time it had happened, but unbeknownst to both of them, it would be the last. "You stupid, worthless boy," the older woman snarled. "You'd better keep that prosthetic on - and well hidden! - every second you're in this bakery. No one decent will buy bread from a one-legged freak!" It had been the refrain of his whole life. Peeta Mellark had been born with only one leg, and had used one prosthetic after another his whole life. But his family were the only ones who knew; his mother insisted that keeping the secret was of paramount importance. He wasn't sent to school with the other children. He wasn't allowed to join in any of their childhood games. His mother warned him that if the other children knew about his deformity, they would laugh at him and call him names. Peeta had gone along with the deception throughout his childhood, accepting without question the shame and humiliation his mother taught him. Even his best friend Delly didn't know about his leg. He mutely accepted the pain of wearing the prosthetic for far too many hours at a time while doing strenuous work in the bakery. But now as he approached adulthood, he was starting to question things. Would his friends really think less of him if they knew the truth? His mother always said his disability made him weak, but how many one-legged boys could handle a hundred-pound bag of flour as easily as he could? Why must he continue to hide himself? As if in answer to his silent question, his mother spoke again. "You listen to me, you stupid creature. You keep that pathetic deformity of yours hidden, keep that prosthetic on, and get off your lazy ass and get to work on those cakes for the mayor's party next week!" With that she quickly exited to the apartment upstairs. Peeta was left alone with his thoughts as he began absent-mindedly icing a cake. Cake design was his favorite task at the bakery, because it was the only outlet he was allowed for his artistic inclinations. He loved baking, he loved feeding people, but he also wanted to draw and paint and create beautiful things. But his mother thought art was a waste of time. "Are we going to eat a pretty picture?" Peeta sighed. He let his mind wander, and found himself absent-mindedly humming an old tune he had overheard one of miners singing when he was younger. Why am I such a misfit? I am not just a nit-wit Just because my leg won't grow Why don't I fit in? "Quiet down there!" his mother's voice called from upstairs. Peeta flinched at the sound, then angrily threw down his piping bag. His life would never change so long as he remained here, under his mother's thumb. He had to get away somehow. And if he did, he couldn't stay in the district. His only refuge would be the woods. ….. Katniss kept an eye out for Peacekeepers as she approached the district fence. Peacekeepers weren't a bad lot, overall, but their job was to keep everyone in line to avoid the wrath of the Abominable Snow-Man, and when they caught someone who they thought was risking the entire district's safety, they sometimes got a bit carried away with their punishments. If they caught her trying to escape into the woods, they would at the least stop her, possibly flog her. There were no Peacekeepers in sight, but as she approached the hole in the fence where she usually entered the woods Katniss spied a lone figure standing near the entrance, a stocky boy about her age, with tufts of soft blond hair sticking out from under his knit hat. As she approached with the silent tread she'd learned through years of hunting, the boy's attention remained focused on the entrance to the woods. Finally Katniss cleared her throat, attracting the boy's attention. When he turned to her, she saw that his eyes were a striking blue, open wide with surprise. Peeta looked up from the fence and got his first look at the person who had found him out. She was shorter than him, but the way she carried herself made her seem more imposing. Her dark olive skin contrasted with the gleaming silver of her eyes, and her long black hair was tied up in a practical braid. "Oh, is this your hole?" he asked nervously. Somehow, his discomfort set her at ease. Katniss shrugged. "Not really, it's just the one I use the most." The boy nodded. "I'm Peeta," he said. "Katniss," she replied. And because she wanted to assert her new identity, she added, "I'm a hunter." "Wow, really?" Peeta asked. "Yes," Katniss said, bristling under what she thought was his incredulity. "Wow," he said. "I'm just a baker." They stood silent for a moment. "So what are you doing at the fence?" Katniss asked. Peeta puffed up his chest, trying to sound more confident than he was. "I'm leaving the district." "Oh yeah?" Katniss tried to sound as confident as Peeta had as she answered. "Me too. Nobody will let me be a hunter here, so I'm leaving." "That's great," he said. "I'm sick of hiding from everyone, so I'm gonna go where there's no one to hide from." "What are you hiding?" Katniss asked, realizing too late how invasive the question was. Peeta faltered for a moment, but rallied his bravado. The reason he was doing this was so he wouldn't have to hide anymore. With a burst of courage he was faking more than actually feeling, he lifted his pant leg to expose his prosthetic. "I have a fake leg. I was born with only one leg." Katniss studied the prosthetic. She had never seen anything like it. "You can walk around on that thing?" "Oh, yes," Peeta said. "After all these years, I barely notice it anymore." Katniss couldn't imagine that. She changed the subject. "So where are you headed?" Peeta shrugged. "I don't know. Just away from here. How about you?" "I don't really know either," she admitted. "I've never been more than a few hours away from the fence before." "Wanna travel together?" he asked impulsively. "We could watch each other's backs, I bet it's dangerous to go alone." Katniss considered his offer. It would probably be safer than traveling alone, especially overnights. "You don't mind that I'm a hunter?" Peeta shook his head. "Out there? A hunter is probably the best traveling companion I could hope for. As long as you don't mind that I've only got one leg." "As long as you can keep up, what