This story is based on a prompt from the Bread and Circuses Ficathon on Livejournal – "Prim & Posy Hawthorne: AU; Prim guides Posy through her first Reaping, just like Katniss did for her." ... When I wake up, I find the other side of the bed cold. At first I think Posy must have climbed into bed with her mother, but a quick glance finds Hazelle alone in bed. Posy must have gotten up early. She's been having bad dreams lately. It's only natural. Today is her first reaping. I slip out to the kitchen, careful not to wake Hazelle. When I get there, I find Vick, already making a pot of tea, and Posy, seated at the table. We all exchange nods as I join Posy at the table, none of us willing to hasten the day's true arrival with conversation. I'm not surprised to find Vick up as well; I imagine he's not sleeping any better than Posy. Today is her first reaping, but it's his last. After today, he will be free of the reaping. I almost roll my eyes at that. Free. Free to watch his sister suffer through it for another six years. Free to go to work in the mines that already claimed the lives of his father and his brother. Life doesn't suddenly get better just because you're too old for the reaping. I know that as well as anyone. "You look like you've got a lot on your mind, Sis," Vick says as he sits down with us. "Who doesn't, today?" I ask. Vick just nods. He checks the pot again, then leaves back to his bedroom. Vick started calling me Sis when Rory and I were married and I moved back to the Seam. I appreciated the attempt to make me feel like part of the family, but it was hard to hear for a while. It still stings sometimes, because it makes me think of Katniss. "How're you holding up?" I ask Posy, reaching out to stroke her hair. "Not good," Posy says simply. "I'm scared." I pull her over into my lap, and she doesn't resist. She's getting to an age where she wants to be treated more like an adult, but she'll let me baby her a bit today. 364 days out of the year, most 12-year-olds wish they were a few years older. Today they all wish they were a year younger. I contemplate Posy's answer for a moment. So plainly stated, so matter of fact. So far from the girl she was before the reaping, back when she had three older brothers and not a care in the world. "You'll be okay, Pose," I try to reassure her. "You'll be fine. Your name is only in there once." "Your name was only in once," she says. She's right, I only had one slip. "That's right. And something as unlikely as drawing a name with only one slip in the bowl, that can only happen once in a lifetime," I say with much more confidence than I feel. "So you should be fine." She doesn't respond, for which I'm grateful. When Vick returns, he's already dressed in his reaping clothes. It catches me off-guard, though it really shouldn't. Most families only have one nice set of clothes. Vick is wearing the same shirt and slacks that Rory wore to his last reaping, and to our wedding the following week. Vick finishes up the tea, and by the time he turns toward me I've composed myself. He offers me a mug of tea before filling his own, but I decline. "Isn't it a bit early to be getting all gussied up?" I ask, trying to lighten the heavy mood. Vick gestures over to the couch in the next room. "Mom laid everything out last night," he says. I look over and see what Hazelle has laid out for Posy: a plain blue skirt and a ruffled blouse. I'm astonished that, out of everything that was lost when my mother left, among the items the Hawthornes saved was that outfit. They're the same clothes I wore to my first reaping. The clothes I was wearing the last time I saw Katniss. I stand abruptly, almost spilling Posy into the floor before I catch her and set her on her feet. I need to get out of this house, away from its constant reminders of death. I quickly take a flask and fill it with the remaining tea before refilling the pot and putting it on to boil again. "I'm going out for a while." I say. Vick just nods at me. Nobody needs to ask where I go when I go out. Just as I'm about to breeze out the door, I see Posy's sad face. All of a sudden I can't leave her to face her first reaping day alone. "Wanna come with me, Pose?" I've never taken her with me before, but today seems as good a time as any. Her face lights up with a genuine smile, a real accomplishment today. "Really?" she squeaks, sounding like the young girl she barely had the chance to be. "Not if you wake your mom up!" I chide good-naturedly. "Go get dressed. Quietly!" She quickly nods and scampers back to the bedroom. "You know Mom won't like that," Vick says without really looking up. "Hazelle's never really liked any of us going into the woods," I say. "Not even Rory." "Not even Gale," Vick adds. I wonder how she felt when her husband was the one sneaking into the woods, but Mr. Hawthorne died when Vick was only five. Hazelle is the only one who really remembers him now. After a few minutes Posy returns, now dressed in a light shirt and trousers. I let her carry the flask of tea, but I keep the forage bag. If we're stopped by a Peacekeeper, I want the punishment to fall on me. Under old Cray the Peacekeepers could care less about people going out into the woods, but Cray retired about six months ago, and was replaced by a stern looking man named Boggs. Boggs hasn't been any stricter than old Cray so far, but it's too early in his tenure to take that tolerance for granted, so I've been extra careful as of late. The Seam is silent as we make our way towards the Meadow. Few are awake this early on Reaping Day, and those who are are spending their time worrying. As we cross the Meadow, I quickly scan the area for Peacekeepers. With none in sight, we quickly scurry under the fence and make our way out into the woods. I like the woods, because it makes me feel closer to Katniss, and also to Rory. After the Games – everyone in Twelve knows which one you're referring to when you call it the Games, or the reaping for that matter – Rory and I would come out here together. It was the closest either of us could come to our lost parental figures. Now I come by myself. I'm not sure why I've brought Posy with me this time, except for the reason I refuse to let myself acknowledge: it might be her last chance. The first thing I do out here is check the snares. Along the way I point out various plants to Posy, explaining which ones are good and which will kill you. She even recognizes some herself; she's read my plant book, started by my mother's family and expanded by my father and later Katniss. I show Posy how to find our snares, how to extract the animals, how to reset some of them. Some of these are the same snares Rory and I found when we first came out here, original Katniss and Gale snares. Some of them might even be snares Gale took over from his father, though we have no way of knowing now. Rory and I spent months studying the snares we found before we were able to reset them properly and replicate them elsewhere, but we eventually became proficient enough. Vick has a real knack for them, he's repaired and expanded our snare lines in recent years, almost to the extent that Katniss and Gale had them before the reaping. Posy seems intrigued by the snares, especially the ones I identify as being old enough that Katniss and Gale were the first ones to set a snare there, almost like these snares are an old relic from the past. I guess they are for her, in a way; Posy barely remembers Gale at all, and treats any memento linked to him with a kind of reverence. It reminds me of the way Katniss used to treat Dad's things. I still have a hunting jacket Dad used to own, but I don't have any clear memory of him wearing it. For me the jacket is a relic of Katniss. Somewhere out here, Katniss and Gale had bows and arrows hidden. The bows, at least, were made by my father, priceless family heirlooms as well as invaluable tools of survival. But no matter how hard we search, none of us has ever been able to find them. The secret of their hiding place died with Katniss and Gale. We get a decent haul from the snares, we'll have plenty to eat and trade for the next few days. I show Posy a resting spot Rory and I found, a thicket of berry bushes growing next to a rock ledge that overlooks the valley below. We sit and take in the view of the valley in the early morning, making a breakfast of some berries and the tea. Rory and I used to sit here, both to rest and to enjoy the view. Though we had no way of knowing, we liked to think that maybe Katniss and Gale could have sometimes rested at the same spot. It's a nice thought, anyway. Our hunger and thirst sated, we take the opportunity to rest for the time being. I lean back and close my eyes, letting the sounds of the forest lull me into a calmer mood. Given what day today is, I can't help but reflect on all that lead me here. ….. To this day my memories of that reaping don't seem quite real. I remember hearing my name called, and making my way towards the stage, tightly clenching my fists in an effort to maintain my composure. It honestly never occurred to me that Katniss would volunteer to take my place, though in retrospect I don't know how I could have expected anything else. I remember screaming and crying as Gale dragged me away from Katniss and brought me over to my mother, before he himself volunteered to replace the merchant boy who was reaped. Gale and Katniss would go to the Capitol together. I was optimistic about their chances. True, no Twelve tribute had made it as far as the final eight in my memory, but this was Katniss and Gale. Gale was tall and strong. Katniss was smart. And they were both skilled hunters. My optimism only increased when they received higher training scores then any Twelve tribute had ever gotten. I really thought they had a good chance. What a complete fool I was. They both died fairly early in the Games, like the Twelve tributes always do. Their high training scores only served to make them a target for the Career pack. It was only their fourth day in the Arena when the Career pack caught sight of them and chased them up a tree. Gale had been injured that morning in a forest fire, and it impaired his climbing. The eventual winner, Clove from Two, sunk three throwing knives into him before he fell to his doom. Katniss grieved for her friend, but she still fought. She stayed up in that tree all night, and the next morning, she dropped a