This is the beginning of a CF/MJ AU that I've been working on for the past year. I was waiting to post it until it was complete, because I don't want to be one of those people with ten different unfinished stories posted, but I submitted this opening chapter for Prompts in Panem's Visual Prompts week for the Canon Location prompt The Train. If you want to know what motivated me to write this AU, then read the rest of this Author's Note. If you don't care, then skip straight to the story. I started devouring THG fic right after I finished reading MJ, mostly because I found MJ to be such an unsatisfying ending. I started with post-MJ fics, then moved on to in-Panem AUs, before really finding my jam with out-of-Panem AUs. I read a hundred different Everlark fics that featured Katniss finally admitting her feelings for Peeta, anywhere from pre-HG to post-MJ, but they all seemed to end there. Katniss and Peeta getting together seemed to be the end of the story, in every story I read, while the question in my mind, the question that had lead me to seek out HG fic in the first place, was What happens next? How would the rest of the story have happened, after they were together? How would them being together have changed the story? So I began writing. (Note: I'm not saying other such stories don't exist, nor even that they didn't at the time. I just hadn't found them yet.) So that's what this story is. This isn't a story about Katniss falling in love with Peeta; for the purposes of this story, that already happened in the novel The Hunger Games. This isn't a story about Katniss and Peeta stumbling and fumbling their way towards a relationship; that happens by the end of this prologue. In this story, Katniss and Peeta will not be trying their hardest to sabotage their relationship. Katniss will not hide from her feelings. Peeta will not ignore her for six months. Neither one of them will use Gale as an excuse to avoid each other. This is a story about Katniss and Peeta, in a relationship. Katniss loves Peeta. Peeta loves Katniss. They are together. And together they face the Capitol, President Snow, President Coin, the Victory Tour, the Quarter Quell, the rebellion, the war, and all the other adversaries and obstacles of Catching Fire and Mockingjay. Fair warning: Catching Fire skips half a year between the 74 th Games and the Victory Tour, but I don't, because that's when the lovebirds have to figure out what it means to have a relationship back home and deal with the repercussions and fallout of their sudden bonding. So there's six months of Katniss and Peeta adjusting to life back in District 12 and adjusting to life as a couple before the plot of Catching Fire finally comes into this story. Oh, and if you were wondering: I don't own The Hunger Games. I don't own the characters in this story, the situations they find themselves in, or the small quotes from the original books that I incorporated into this story. This story is meant purely for entertainment and amusement. So now, let us join our pair of Star-Crossed Lovers, in the fair fuel depot where we lay our scene… (I also don't own Romeo and Juliet. Just in case there was any confusion.) ….. "It was all for the Games," Peeta says. "How you acted." "Not all of it," I say, tightly holding onto my flowers. "Then how much? No, forget that. I guess the real question is, what's going to be left when we get home?" he says. "I don't know. The closer we get to District Twelve, the more confused I get," I say. He waits, for further explanation. I don't feel ready to give one, so to deflect him I change the subject back to him. "So what about you, you're saying you never played anything up for the audience? You were being sincere the entire time?" "Yes," he says, and the pain in his voice is palpable. "I thought we both were." I'm usually reticent to explain myself, more comfortable letting a conversation wither and die rather than risk saying anything too revealing about myself. But somehow, after everything we've been through, everything I've shared with Peeta Mellark over the last month, in this moment something in me forces words out. "Peeta, I didn't know what to think. I didn't know what to make of you. You were trying to be friendly, then you tried to push me away. We trained together, then you shut me out. You announced you loved me on television, but then in the arena you helped the Careers hunt me down. You saved my life, but I couldn't even tell if that really happened or if it was a tracker jacker hallucination. And the entire time I knew that it didn't really matter if we did care about each other, because for one of us to go home we'd have to kill the other." "Katniss," he says, "I would never have killed you. I love you. For real, not because of any strategy or scheme or Game. From the moment my name was called, my only goal was to keep you alive." The sincerity in Peeta's voice takes me aback. When I reply, my voice is small. "I know that now. But even if you had tried to tell me that before the Games, I doubt I would have believed you. I would have thought it was all part of your strategy to win." "Is that what you were doing?" he asks sadly. "Were you trying to set me up so I'd be easier to kill?" "No," I answer, "I was trying to set me up so you'd be easier to kill." I start to blush from the embarrassment of this admission, but I see only confusion in Peeta's eyes so I push on. "You never knew what you meant to me. The boy with the bread. That day in the rain behind the bakery, that was everything to me. When my father was gone, and my mother failed me, and the whole world seemed to turn its back on me, you were the only one who helped me. You were my one ray of hope in a world of darkness. You were my dandelion in the spring, my one sign that things could be good again. You saved my life, you saved my whole family's lives. And as soon as you were reaped I knew that the only way I could ever see them again was to kill you." My breath catches in my throat, and I feel like I may cry. I blink away tears as the words start to tumble out of my mouth seemingly on their own. "It only got worse when we were on the train and I started to get to know you as a real person and not just a spectre out of my past. But the whole time all I could think was that in a week one of us was going to have to kill the other! I didn't know what to do or what to think, I didn't know if you were being sincere or you were trying to manipulate me, I was so confused I didn't know what was real and what wasn't." Peeta seems to consider this for a long moment. "And what about now?" he says. "Now, I don't know," I say. "So much has happened so quickly, and I haven't let myself stop to think about any of it, because the only thought I allowed myself was how to keep us alive. Now that we're safely out of the Capitol I'm trying to process everything, trying to make some sense of it." I don't know exactly what response I expect from Peeta, but I know I don't get it. Instead he merely stares at me for a moment, then says, "Well, let me know when you work it out," and turns to leave. For a moment, I watch him go. My new ear listening to every footfall of his new leg. Somehow I know that if I let him walk away now I'll lose him forever, and I surprise myself again by admitting that I don't want that to happen. "Peeta!" I call after him. "Peeta, wait!" But he doesn't slow. I run after him trying to catch him before he makes it back on the train and he's able to put a locked door between us. "Peeta, stop!" I call out, and now I can feel the tears I tried to hold back starting to flow. When I catch up to Peeta, I grab him over the shoulder and yank him around, shoving him up against the side of the train. His eyes are wide with shock, I can tell his mind is still in survival mode from the Games, but then his whole face softens as he sees the tears on my face. I speak quickly before he gets a chance because I'm afraid of what he might say right now. "Don't walk away from me, Peeta! You can't spend ten years pining away for me and then walk away in a huff because I need more than a few hours without the threat of imminent death to figure out how I feel! Not after everything we've been through together. Don't you dare do that to me!" "What do you want me to do, Katniss?" he yells back, and now he's starting to cry too. "You've told me so many different things I don't know which way is up anymore! And when I ask you about it you tell me that you don't know either. So what would you have me do?" "Help me!" I exclaim. "Help me figure out what was real and what wasn't. Help me figure out what's up and what's down. Help me figure out what we are to each other." "Here's a start: Everything I said was one hundred percent real," he says, starting to sound angry. I roll my eyes. "Oh, really? How about when you helped the Careers hunt me down, when you told them to strand me up a tree until I starved and kill me when I tried to come down for food? That was real? One hundred percent real?" He seems genuinely angry now. "I was trying to protect you!" "So now it's okay when you lie to protect me but it's not okay when I lie to protect you?" Peeta looks confused at this, and I can't believe he still doesn't get it. Didn't he see the sponsor gifts we got? Where did he think those came from? Did he think everyone was as kindhearted and honest as he was? Hadn't he ever met his mother? "Do you think we would have gotten any food if I hadn't pretended to love you? Do you think a heartfelt and genuine 'I don't know how I feel, this is all happening so fast,' would have gotten us the medicine for your leg? Do you think there's any chance in hell they would have let us both live if I hadn't acted the way I did?" I can tell from the look on Peeta's face that no, in fact, he hadn't thought about any of that before. "I kept us alive with my kisses just as much as I did with my bow, so don't stand here with your full belly and your healthy blood and your beating heart and try to tell me I did anything wrong!" Peeta just looks at me for a moment. I spent the whole Games marveling at his skill with words, and now I've rendered him speechless. Finally he looks away and mumbles something so quietly that I have to ask him to repeat it. "Eleven years," he says, sighing loudly, "not