Prompts in Panem AU week day 7: What if Katniss was reaped instead of Prim? - "I volunteer! I volunteer as tribute!" As I hear this, my heart sinks. My sister has taken my place, and there's nothing I can do to stop her. Prim will be going into the Hunger Games. "Katniss Everdeen!" I can't breathe. All those years of tesserae have finally cost me. Effie Trinket just called my name. I've been reaped into the Hunger Games. But before I can even take a step, I hear Prim. "No! No, not you, Katniss! It can't be you!" My heart sinks, because I know what she's going to say next. "I volunteer! I volunteer as tribute!" ... I don't remember much of what happened after that. I know I tried to run to Prim, but she was already surrounded by Peacekeepers, and Gale grabbed me to stop me from interfering with them. He must have brought me to the edge of the crowd, because I don't remember being in the way when I lost the will to stand and fell to the ground. I guess Gale also brought me inside the Justice Building after the ceremony, because the next thing I remember is entering the little visiting room, Prim and I collapsing into each other's arms. It isn't until the Peacekeeper at the door tells us we only have one minute left that I get some of my wits together. "Prim, you have to try your hardest. Okay? You got that?" "But Katniss-" "But nothing!" I have to put the best face on this. Prim has to try. "You know plants, you'll be able to find food. Half the tributes won't be able to feed themselves; you'll outlive all of them. You're small, and you're quick. You'll be able to run and hide. You can heal yourself if you get injured or sick. Just stay safe and let the rest of them kill each other." "But I'll have to kill someone eventually." "Not until late in the Games. When they've been starving for weeks and you've been gorging yourself on all the plants you know. Then all you have to do is sneak up on them; someone as small and quick as you can sneak up on someone." "Katniss, I don't think I can kill." "Prim, you have to." Her doubts and fears are starting to make me frantic now. "You have to come home to me. Promise you will? Promise you'll do whatever it takes to come home to me, Little Duck? Promise me!" I didn't hear the door open, but just then a Peacekeeper picks me up and starts dragging me out of the room. "Promise me!" I scream one more time, but the door closes between us before she can answer. That might have been the last time I'll ever see Prim. No, I can't think like that. I look around for Gale, but he's nowhere to be found. Probably in with Prim, I think. I find my friend Madge Undersee waiting in line to visit Prim. "Madge, who was the boy who was reaped?" Madge gives me an incredulous look. "You missed it?" I look down at the floor. "I don't remember much from after Prim volunteered. Please just tell me, who is the boy tribute?" Madge looks at me with sad eyes. "Peeta Mellark." For the second time today, I forget how to stand. ... "Three minutes," the Peacekeeper says before slamming the door. The sound of the door startles Peeta out of whatever trance he was in, and he looks up at me, astonishment quickly covering his face. Suddenly I have no idea what I came in here to say. Thanks for the bread, hope you die? "Katniss?" he asks, as if he thinks I might not be real. "Um, hi," I say stupidly. Neither of us speaks for a while. He is the first to break the silence. "Don't worry. I'll make sure she comes home." Now I'm the one to be astonished. "You- you will?" "I'll do everything I can to keep her safe," he says, and I believe him. His eyes, his face, everything about him is so sincere, I believe him. "Thank you for the bread," I blurt out. "The bread?" he asks, as if he's trying to dredge up a lost memory. "What, from when we were kids?" I nod at him, not trusting my voice. He just says, "You're welcome," as if it were some small thing. He doesn't understand what he did for me. "That bread, it saved my life. It saved our lives. But it was more than that to me, it gave me hope. I was done, I had given up, But when you gave me that bread, when you took that beating for me-" his eyes widen at the realization that I know about the beating "-it gave me the will I needed to keep trying. It meant that someone thought I was worth fighting for, and if that were the case, then I needed to keep fighting for myself." "It was just two loaves of bread," Peeta says. "And they were burnt, at that." "Two loaves of bread are a lot when you haven't eaten in three days," I counter. "Me, and Prim, and my mother, none of us would have survived the night if we didn't have that bread to eat. And we never would have survived the last four years if I didn't have that push to keep fighting. I could never repay you for everything you did for me." "You don't owe me anything, Katniss." "But I do!" Why doesn't he understand? "I owe you my life! And so does Prim! And now you're sitting here offering to die for her as if it's nothing!" "Nothing?" he says, a note of bitterness entering his voice for the first time. "I'm going to die, Katniss. It's sure as hell not nothing." "Then why?" I ask, my voice growing frantic once again. "Why won't you fight for your own life? Why would you place my sister's life ahead of your own?" "Because I could never live with myself if I let Prim die," Peeta says. "And neither could you." The sincerity in his voice takes me aback once again. "But why?" I ask in a small voice. "Because I-" Just then the Peacekeepers burst in. "Time's up!" Peeta jumps up and tries to run to me, but he's being held by a Peacekeeper even as I'm being removed from the room. "Katniss!" he yells. "You need to know that I-" The door slams between us. ... Peeta and Prim look spectacular in the tribute parade the next night, as if they were dressed in flames. The way the keep smiling at each other and hold hands throughout the ceremony signals to all of Panem that they'll be a team in the arena. At the interviews, I don't even pay attention to the other tributes. The girl from One is pretty, the boy from Two is monstrous, the girl from Eleven is cute. But nothing really impacts me until Prim comes on. She looks beautiful, in a knee-length yellow dress that looks like soft candlelight. When asked about her strategy in the arena, she says, "I'm small and quick. I can sneak up on some of these big, lumbering brutes, and be gone before they even know what hit them." "That sounds pretty similar to what little Rue just told us," Caesar says. "You two aren't conspiring together, are you?" "Maaaaaayyyyyybe!" Prim answers coyly, maintaining her adorable little girl image and earning roaring approval from the audience. "You only scored a 6 in training," Caesar says. "Do you think that bodes ill for you in the arena?" "No," Prim answers sweetly. "They were just judging me on my weapons skills. As if I was going to impress them with how well I use a sword!" The audience laughs at her joke, and she mocks flexing her arm muscles for more laughs. "I think it's obvious that I'm not going to win these Games because of my fearsome strength, Caesar. We didn't need three days of evaluations to figure that out. No, when I win, it'll be because of my smarts." Finally, Caesar asks about me. "Tell us about your sister. You volunteered to take her place. Why?" "Katniss is the best sister anyone could ever hope to have," Prim says, and her adorable little girl act is gone. This is the real Prim. "She works so hard to help support our family, ever since our father died, we never would have made it if it wasn't for Katniss. She always puts me first, she spends her whole life helping me and supporting me and protecting me, and I thought this was one time when I could protect her." Finally Prim is finished and Peeta takes the stage with Caesar. Their interview starts off light, joking about the Capitol showers, but then Caesar asks Peeta about his relationship with Prim. "I think of Prim like the little sister I never had," Peeta says. My heart catches in my throat to hear him say that; he already told me he's try to protect her, but he makes it sound like he loves her like family. I miss the next little bit of the interview because I'm so taken with his care for Prim, and when I zone back in Caesar is asking Peeta about a girlfriend back home. Peeta shyly shakes his head, a move which seems designed to get Caesar to ask again, which he dutifully does. "Well," Peeta finally admits, "there is this one girl. I've had a crush on her ever since I can remember. But I'm pretty sure she didn't know I was alive until the reaping." "Did she come visit you before you left?" Caesar asks. "Yeah." "And did you tell her how you felt?" Peeta blushes. "I tried to, but we ran out of time. The Peacekeepers dragged her out of the room before I could say it." Oh, no. He's not saying what I think he's saying, is he? "So, here's what you do," Caesar says, leaning in as if he's giving confidential advice. "You win, you go home a Victor, she can't turn you down then, eh?" Peeta shakes his head sadly. "I don't think it's going to work out. Winning… winning won't help in my case." "Why ever not?" asks a mystified Caesar. Peeta sucks in a deep breath before spitting out his answer. "Because she'd much rather see her baby sister win the Games than me." Yep, he is. ... Gale stops coming over to watch the Games with me after that. And it's just as well, I don't need his angry glares or his nasty comments about Peeta. Peeta and Prim do ally with the little girl Rue from Eleven right off the bat, and the three do remarkably well for themselves. Prim and Rue know plants, and Peeta brings strength to the team. Rue shows Prim how to use a slingshot, and they get a sponsor gift of some explosive pellets to fire with it, making any shot to the face or neck a kill shot. It's a gruesome and bloody death, but seeing gruesome death handed out by two adorable little girls will probably get them lots of Capitol sponsors. Peeta proves very handy with a knife. His wrestling skills have translated well to hand-to-hand combat in the arena. Their run-in with the Careers and the incident with the tracker jackers is harrowing, but they manage to emerge relatively unscathed. Their plan to destroy the Career's supplies scares me, not the least because Prim insists on attempting it because of what I told her in the Justice Building. But it goes relatively well, meaning none of them die. They find a cave near an isolated part of a stream, and the three of them hole up in there to regain some