PiP Day 7 was a prompt based on a randomly-generated image and quote. When I first opened the image and quote generators the day the prompts were released, the very first image and quote that I got was the image above (larger version: farm9 dot staticflickr dot com slash 8391 slash 8570766183_2af8260298_b dot jpg ) and the following quote: "I like work: it fascinates me. I can sit and look at it for hours." Jerome K. Jerome (1859 - 1927) This is what my mind turned them into. ….. "You're doing it again." Katniss flinches, startled out of her reverie, and looks up at me from where she sits next to me on the bed. She hates when I catch her staring at it. She blushes, like she always does, and sheepishly mutters, "Sorry," like she always does. I put down my sketchbook and turn to her, dropping my leg to make sure to give her a good view. "It's not like it's any different than it was the last time you studied it. It doesn't change." "I know," she says. "It's just… It fascinates me. I can sit and look at it for hours." I smirk slightly. "You do." "Shut up!" she exclaims, slapping me hard in the arm. "It's not like you mind. You certainly didn't mind last night!" I do my best to grin at her, but I think she can tell it's half-hearted. "I'm just glad that I finally have an effect on you, even if this is what it took to catch your interest." She shifts closer to me so she can wrap one arm around my neck and rest her chin on my shoulder. "You know that's not the only thing that caught my interest, right?" I give her a small smile. I lean in and press our lips together. Above all, I try to believe her. ….. I'll always remember that night. The last night of the Games. My last night as a whole man, I think in my darker moments. Katniss and I were fleeing toward the Cornucopia, being chased by a pack of wolf-mutts. Cato from Two had already preceded us up there, we'd still have to deal with him once we escaped the mutts. We were right at the base of the Cornucopia when I could feel that the mutts were too close. I turned to find one mere yards away. I knew there was no time to climb before it would be upon us. I herded Katniss behind me and spread my arms and legs out wide to protect her as much as possible. I guess I just made too tempting a target in that stance. The mutt pounced right in front of me and savagely chomped down on my crotch. The pain was incredible. It made my earlier encounter with Cato's sword and a swarm of tracker jackers seem like a pleasant diversion. I'm pretty sure I passed out for a minute, or was just incoherent in agony. When I came to, the mutts were gone and Cato was lying dead in front of the Cornucopia, an arrow sticking out of his eye. Katniss was yelling at the sky, fearsome and beautiful as she berated the Gamemakers. "You promised! You said we could both win! You can't take it back now! " It didn't take a genius to figure out what must have happened. Katniss saved us from the rest of the mutts by killing Cato and ending the Games, but then they changed the rule back, to try to get us to kill each other. We should have seen it coming, really, and maybe we would have if we weren't half starved and were anywhere near in our right minds. As much as I wanted to tell Katniss of my love and beg her to go home and live a good life, in the moment all I could do was desperately beg for an end to the agony, to die by some other method than slowly bleeding to death from the ragged remnants of my privates. "Nightlock," I croaked, knowing that Katniss had kept some of the berries after the death of the girl from Five. At her questioning look, I struggled to steady my voice. "Nightlock," I repeated. Understanding bloomed on Katniss's face. "Yes, Peeta…" She retrieved the berries, but only dispensed half into my outstretched palm, taking the other half in her own. "Together," she told me gravely, staring intently into my eyes. I nodded, or as close as I could manage at the time, and raised the berries to my lips with my shaking hand. Katniss reached out and clasped our free hands together. "On the count of three," she said. I tried to nod again, knowing I couldn't respond verbally but fully prepared to die alongside my love. But by the time she got to three, we were interrupted by Claudius Templesmith announcing us both as winners. After a moment's elation, Katniss took her first good look at my wound, and nearly fainted. I never saw the hovercraft that retrieved us. I passed out from the agony of Katniss trying to staunch the flow of blood from my wound, spent my entire hospital stay unconscious, and by the time I woke up I was already being prepped for the Games recap with Caesar Flickerman. It was left to Portia to explain what had happened to me. What had been repaired, and what had had to be replaced. Bacchus and Delilah assured me that it looked quite nice as they applied finishing touches to my makeup and hair, but I didn't exactly trust their aesthetic judgment. I didn't take a look at my new equipment until that night in my room, after the interview. I avoided it for as long as I could, but eventually it was either face up to my new reality or wet the bed. I went into the uncomfortably well-lit bathroom, dropped my pants, and there it was. ….. Prosthedick. That's what Katniss calls it. The silvery-gray, sort of plasticky, sort of metally appendage that replaced the penis I lost to the mutt. It took some getting used to, though not as much as you'd think. The strangest thing about it is that, as out of place as it looks hanging between my legs, it works almost completely normally. I don't like thinking about how intricately it must be tied into my bodily systems in order to work the way it does. To me it looks like a section of industrial hose or tubing grafted onto my skin. Seeing my urine flowing out of this thing, or my cum spurting from its tip, is still weird for me sometimes. Does my blood actually fill it to make it hard, or does it harden on its own somehow, monitoring my state of arousal via some kind of link to my brain? These are the kinds of thoughts that bother me sometimes. It surprised me, the first time it got hard. I didn't know it did that, though it makes sense in retrospect. It stiffens and softens just like a normal dick, but doesn't grow or shrink. This leaves me with a prominent bulge in my pants all the time, even when I'm completely relaxed. There are worse problems to have, I suppose. Once, when I was 14 and my brother Rye decided it was up to him to educate me about sex, he had informed me that Mellark men were "growers, not showers." Well, not anymore. Not for me, anyway. What you see is what you get with the prosthedick. Don't ask me how this thing can feel , how stroking this piece of equipment can give me sexual pleasure. I'm not sure I want to know how it happens, but it does. It still feels strange to me when I stoke myself and feel this assemblage in my hand instead of the dick I'm used to, but from the other side, the feeling of my hand running up and down my shaft is almost the same as it ever was. And Katniss certainly doesn't mind the way my new dick feels, not in her hand or in her mouth or in her cunt. Unfortunately I don't have a before-and-after comparison for those activities, so I don't know if they feel different now. That's another thought that plagues me sometimes: I'll never regret that Katniss is the first and only woman I've had sex with, and I would never trade the relationship we now share. But sometimes I wish I could have fucked her with my real dick, just once. She hates when I call it that. My real dick. As opposed to my fake dick. She says that every part of me is real, that every part of me is me. I try to believe her. In return, I hate when she blames herself for my needing a new dick. I would have given my life to protect her form those mutts; my dick was a small price to pay by comparison. Not that it was small. No, I was speaking metaphorically. I wasn't small. Not at all. I mean, I'm not bragging or anything. It wasn't as big as this thing the Capitol put on me, but it was a good size. It was fine. Why am I getting defensive over the size of the dick that I lost? It's not like anyone other than me ever saw the thing, let alone did anything with it. What, am I going to take pride in how large a meal it made for the mutt who ate it? Very filling, I'm sure. Enough so that it didn't eat any more of my body parts, at least. ….. Katniss tried to come to my room with me that night after the Games recap and the victory ball, but Haymitch kept us apart and sent her to her own room, giving me at least the one night on my own to come to terms with my new situation. The next day when we sat down for our final interview with Caesar Flickernam, I could tell Katniss was distracted by the huge bulge in my pants. Seriously, it looks like I have a shirt balled up in there, but somehow in all the excitement it had escaped her notice the night before during the recap. I don't know what she thought at first – maybe it could have been a bandage? – but in the middle of the interview when Caesar asked how my "new equipment" was working out, it didn't take Katniss long to put two and two together. "New equipment?" she had asked, her eyes scanning me and quickly settling on the bulge. "Oh, no…" "No one told you?" Caesar asked, as if the entire exchange hadn't been orchestrated to get that reaction out of her. "I haven't had the chance," I explained with a slight shrug, just to get him to shut up. "It's my fault," she said. "You were protecting me." "That's what I was always planning, was to protect you," I said. "But shooting Cato to end the Games before that mutt could finish me off, that was quick thinking. You saved my life." "We saved each other," she insisted, tightening her grip on my hand. I chose not to argue. "Well," Caesar said, interrupting our moment, "the doctors tell me that you should have nothing to worry about, Katniss. After all of Panem fell in love with you two, they didn't dare leave the Star-Crossed Lovers of District 12 anything less than fully functional ." My face reddened in embarrassment at his insinuation. It took Katniss a moment to catch up, but she soon matched my blush with her own, and spent the next several minutes with her face buried in my shirt. ….. The Victory Tour is coming up fast, only a month away now. We had another meeting with Haymitch about it today. For a few