It all started with a flu that wouldn't go away. For almost a full week, Katniss found herself riddled with nausea and fatigue. She liked to think of herself as strong, and tough, but this flu had completely knocked her out. She still went to school, because she didn't dare attract extra attention from Peacekeepers. And she still hunted, because if she didn't then her family would starve. But that was all she did. These two activities were enough to sap every bit of energy she had. She couldn't even clean her kills; as soon as she began to skin the animals the smell made her throw up. Every moment at home, in between vomiting fits, was spent in bed trying to recover some energy. To add insult to injury, spending so much time lying down was giving her a backache. "Flu shouldn't last this long," her mother said, in the detached manner she adopted when dealing with a patient. "Have you been eating anything strange lately?" "Nothing that you and Prim haven't been eating," Katniss replied. Her mother pursed her lips in thought, then shook her head as if to clear it a bit. "Will you be okay on your own for a while? Prim and I need to go out." "I'll be fine, I don't plan on getting out of bed," Katniss said. Her mother and her sister weren't often both needed at once. "Where are you and Prim going?" "Mrs. Herrin has gone into labor," her mother explained as she gathered her medical bag and left the room. She didn't turn to see the look of horror dawn on her daughter's face. ….. It couldn't be. It just couldn't. There was no way. Well, that was a lie. Of course there was a way . But they had only been together a handful of times. And they had always been careful. She felt so stupid. They should have known better than to trust the condoms they were able to get here in District 12. What had possessed her to disregard every conviction she had ever had about never letting something like this happen to her? She sighed to herself. She knew damn well what had possessed her. It was the way her stomach flipped every time he looked at her. The way time seemed to stop whenever she looked into his bottomless blue eyes. The way his soft hair felt between her fingers. The way his ass looked in that wrestling unitard. The way his shoulders and biceps bulged almost out of his shirt after his afternoon shifts at the bakery. The fire that ignited within her every time their lips touched. This is exactly why she never wanted any of this, never wanted to be attracted to a man, never wanted to care for anyone this way. Because she never wanted to bring a new life into this world when she wouldn't be able to provide for it. When she was barely providing for herself and the people who already depended on her. She wouldn't bring a child into this world just so it could suffer. But she had seen enough women visiting her mother over the years to recognize the signs. She had missed her cycle. She was nauseous all the time. She had no energy. Her back ached. Her breasts felt different. It just couldn't be. ….. "Hey, mom, is it okay if I take one of these?" The Everdeen house had a variety of homemade tests in stock, made out of everything from vinegar to cleaning solvents to, of all things, dandelion leaves. But the tests from the Capitol, while expensive and difficult to replace, were far more reliable, and Katniss didn't want to bother with anything that wouldn't give her a definitive answer. At her mother's questioning look, Katniss served up the lie she had come up with the day before. "Madge needs one, but she doesn't want her father to know about it yet. I told her I could help her out." The elder Everdeen voiced her concern about a girl Madge's age hiding something like this from her parents, but in the end she accepted the excuse. Katniss breathed a sigh of relief. ….. She took the test in the woods. Ever since Gale had started work in the mines and only hunted on Sundays, the woods were where Katniss could be assured of absolute privacy. She tried not to think about it too much as she checked the snare lines, but when she tried to hunt she found her aim was off because she couldn't hold her hands steady. Finally she gave up and took the damn test. When she saw the results, she emptied her stomach once again. ….. Peeta knew something was wrong as soon as he saw her at school. "What's the matter? Are you okay?" Katniss would have rolled her eyes if she hadn't been feeling so miserable. Of course he noticed. She'd never been able to hide anything from him. "We really can't talk about it here," she said. "Can you meet me in the meadow after school?" "I have the afternoon shift today. I could get out of it…?" Katniss cringed at herself. She knew Peeta's schedule, she should have known he was working today. Would have, if she'd been thinking clearly. But she wouldn't have allowed herself to get into this situation at all if she'd been thinking clearly. "No, don't do that," she said to his offer. His mother wouldn't be very forgiving if he bailed on his shift on such short notice. "I should do some hunting anyway." Cause she knew she wouldn't get anything done after they talked. "Meet me after?" "Of course." ….. She ran home quickly to drop off her day's haul, and only just resisted the lure of her bed. When she returned to the meadow Peeta was waiting for her. He immediately pulled her into a tight embrace, and she let him. She'd been keeping her distance for the past week, afraid of passing on her flu, but that was hardly a concern anymore. Being held by him again felt so impossibly good that she didn't want to let go, even when her breasts started to ache from being pressed against his hard chest. Instead she just snuggled her head further into his shoulder. The old, worn shirt he wore was soft against her skin, and he smelled like cinnamon and dill from the breads he must have baked that day. When she and Peeta had started seeing each other like this, she had been surprised how much she craved the feeling of his arms around her. No one else had held her like this in such a long time; ever since her father died and she stopped trusting her mother, no one else's arms had made her feel this safe. "What's going on, Katniss?" Peeta asked against her hair. "I'm worried about you. You look like this flu is getting worse, not better." "I'm pregnant," she blurted out before she lost her nerve. It was the first time she had used the word, even in her own mind. Peeta held her out at arms length so he could look her in the face. "What?" he asked in disbelief. "I'm pregnant," she repeated. She could see the play of emotions across his face, pure shock giving way to blinding happiness. She could see the moment when all the reasons why this was horrible news occurred to him, but he did his best to smile through it. "Really?" he asked. His gaze flicked down to her stomach, which was still weeks away from showing any sign of what it contained. "We're going to have a baby?" She dropped her second bomb. "Peeta, I can't have a baby. I can't ," she repeated in emphasis. She thought she had steeled herself for his reaction, but it still killed her to see the light go out of his eyes when he realized what she was saying. "Katniss, we could handle it," he began, and she didn't let him finish. "Your mother would kick you out," she said. "You'd have to go work in the mines after we finish school." "I'm strong, I could handle mine work," he said. "I couldn't handle it!" she said. "You think I want to see you go down into that death trap every day? You think I want my child to grow up without their father the way I had to?" "You don't know that'll happen," he said. "You don't know that it won't," she replied. They stared each other down for a long moment. Peeta never hid anything from her, and she could practically see the inner workings of his mind play across his features. She watched him begin to argue with her but then hold himself back. Watched him reconsider the situation. Watched the moment when he accepted her decision, and she hated herself for causing him this heartbreak. "Is this really what you want?" he asked softly as he brushed a wisp of hair behind her ear. "It's the only way," she insisted. Peeta looked at her for another moment. Then he blew out a breath and nodded. "Okay. So what do we do?" The question took Katniss by surprise. "What do you mean?" "I know there are… ways, to end a pregnancy. But I don't know how to go about doing it. I'm not the one whose mother is a healer," he said. "I can't go to my mother about this," she said quickly. Peeta quirked his eyebrow in confusion. "She doesn't know?" Katniss shook her head. "What about Prim?" "They can't know about this," she insisted. "No one can know about this." Peeta nodded again. "Well, then we can't go to the apothecary. He's the biggest gossip in town, especially about customers from the Seam." Somehow Katniss hadn't thought this far along yet, but now that she did, the solution was obvious. "There's a woman. In the Seam. An old woman named Marger. She, um, sometimes she helps out the girls who have been to Cray's. Or... others." It was hardly a secret that some in the merchant section of Twelve had paid mistresses among the starving girls of the Seam. Most were just more discreet about it than Cray. Katniss always felt uncomfortable when the subject came up, because Peeta, no matter how good a person he was, must be friends and neighbors with some of those people. And because if anyone ever found out they were together, they would assume that he was one of those people. "I trade herbs to her sometimes." "Is she trustworthy?" Peeta asked. Katniss shrugged. "As much as anyone, I guess. But she's my best option." "Okay," Peeta said. "So when do we go see her?" "We?" Katniss asked in surprise. "There's no reason you need to be there." "Katniss," he said in that overly patient way he used when she was being particularly thickheaded, "if you think I'm letting you go through any part of this on your own then you really don't know me at all." She sighed. Part of her did know that. The other part of her, the part of her that had been left alone by every person she dared let herself love besides Prim, was waiting for the day when he finally realized how much better he could do and left her behind. But apparently that day wasn't today. "We can't go together," she said. "People would see us. It'd be obvious to everyone what was going on." So they worked out a plan. ... Peeta arrived first, traveling alone. It was unusual for a man to show up alone inquiring after Marger's services, but not unheard of. Bundled up against the frigid wind, his blond hair tucked into a knit hat and the fair skin of his face obscured by the hood of his heavy coat, only his unfamiliarity with the area marked him