Hey guys this here , first of all I would like to thank you guys sooooo much for visiting my page and this is my first fanfic so I would really appreciate if you guys would review on how I can improve this. Anyway this story is about the percy and annabeth's family after the war with Gaea and how their everyday life goes. But there's a twist to it, what happens when the family goes to camp-halfblood and there are mentions of the next Great Prophecy with the seven's children in it? But before that a little summary on what happened right after the war. And i only mention percy and annabeth's children but the other have children are there ,too there in the next chapter I promise. Alright alright I'll stop talking and have percy talk about the disclaimer. ME- " Percy COME on you said you would do the disclaimer" PERCY- " But I don't want to the mic is all the way over there" ME- " Percy come on get off the couch already" PERCY- "NO you can't make me" ME- " OK then I guess I'll have to eat all blue pancakes all by mysel-" PERCY- * looks around frantically for the mic* "OK does not own any of the Pjo or BoO characters only the plot" PERCY- " NOW GIMME MY BLUE PANCAKES!" ME- " Nope" PERCY- "But-tt y-ou said I could have blue pancakes if I did the disclai-" ME- "NOPE" PERCY- Bu-tt-t ME- "NOPE NOW ONWARDS WITH THE STORY" Annabeth's I can't believe how great my life is going right now. I mean I don't want to brag or anything but it has been going pretty good. After going through Tartarus,defeating Gaea, and a hell lot more I mean who we kidding we deserve this. OH I'm sorry I forgot mention exactly happened after the war. Well after putting our great-great-great-grandmother to " sleep" we returned to fixing up Camp to it's original status. The Romans celebrated with us on defeating Gaea and left to New Rome the next day. Jason decided on staying with us a couple of weeks before he left to Camp jupiter which we really glad to hear about. Frank also decided to do the same much to hazel's happiness since she wanted to stay with Nico a little while longer. Speaking about Nico he came out of the closet and mentioned his crush to Percy. *BUT HE SAID I WASN'T HIS TYPE?* "Percy we been through this Nico said he was over you now give back the mic!" Sorry about that percy was being annoying as usual. Now where was I oh yeah nico came out of the closet but he said he didn't have a crush on anyone as if right now. But we all knew how he was "warming" up to Will Solce. Hmm, who else OH I almost forgot about Renya yeah she got over the fact of jason being with piper and me being with Percy. I even saw her looking at us with a look of joy the other day.( weird I know) But to tell the truth Reyna, piper,Hazel and I had become really close after the war we even had a sleepover just us girls and I learned how Renya is really easy to talk to. So yeah everything was going great until one day when we were all cleaning up the big 3 cabins( that was so rudely destroyed by Gaea) we saw something we thought we never see again in our lifetime. Walking in was the son of Hephaestus himself Leo Valdez. The others saw me staring and followed my gaze and as soon as we all we done rubbing our eyes making sure we weren't going blind. We all yelled LEO! And ran to him engulfing him in a bear hug( I am pretty sure we broke one of his ribs) " OK GUYS I MISSED YOU TOO NOW LET ME BREATHE?! Shouted Leo. We all laughed and released Leo of our death grip then all at once asking him a million questions. " how did you survive" " Why the hell did not come sooner" " And why in the name of Hades do you smell like burnt charcoal"( percy said that one). GUYS CALM THE HADES DOWN! Shouted Leo " Before I explain I'd like to introduce someone" And then did we realize that someone was standing behind Leo. She had soft caramel hair, amber eyes, and was wear a white sunflower dress. It was the daughter of Alas Calypso. I looked at her face excepting to see a gracious smile. But in return got a glare. We all looked at Leo expecting him to explain. And I could he see he was looking at her with concern. " Cal are you ok" said leo. " NO I AM NOT" Leo seemed taken back by this outburst as if Calypso was not capable of shouting at him. Calypso then stormed off inside an empty cabin. Before any of us could do or say anything Leo ran off after her screaming something like " wait what did I do this time?". And we were left standing their looking like idiots. So us being the curious and eavesdropping demigods we were, decided to go press our ears against their door to hear what they were talking about. " What's wrong Calypso you been moping around ever since we left you island and I said we were going to camp-halfblood" said leo in a hurt voice. " WELL WHAT DO YOU EXPECT, THAT I WOULD BE JUMPING UP AND DOWN ON COMING TO THIS PLACE?!" Yelled back Calypso. We all winced at the tone of her voice this was not how percy described her. " I thought you would be happy visiting my home and my friends they the only family I got left" Leo said in a hurt voice. Reyna, piper, hazel, percy, jason, frank and I very really touched at how he said we were his family. WELL THERE NOT MY FAMILY OR FRIENDS SO I DON'T WANT TO BE ANY WHERE NEAR THEM OR THIS STUPID PLACE! Through the little peep-hole I saw that leo was close to tears. "Why are you doing this to me Cal" leo begged. DON'T YOU GET YOU STUPID IDIOT I ONLY PRETENDED TO LIKE YOU TO GET OFF THE GODDAMN ISLAND! Fumed Calypso. Now I could clearly see that leo was crying. We all burst in their with death glares on Calypso. " OK OFFEND OUR CAMP I AM COOL WITH THAT , OFFEND US I AM COOL WITH IT, BUT YOU CROSSED THE LINE WHEN YOU HURT LEO SHOUTED PERCY. And we were all supporting him surrounding in on calypso ready to pounce on her if she dared take one more step. ( ok i know the in end leo and cal end up together but I am have someone else in mind for leo sorry! i am so sorry for this you caleo shippers!) We all had our weapons dawn out on her and she looked terrified.( as she should be) Out of the corner of my eye I saw Leo sobbing into Reyna's shoulder while she murmured soothing words to him. " YOU WILL GET AWAY FROM LEO AND NEVER RETURN TO THIS PLACE OR CAMP JUPITER OR ANYWHERE NEAR DEMIGODS DO YOU UNDERSTAND? PIPER THREATENED. Calypso could only nod her head in fear of getting hurt by piper. I would too, you do NOT want to mess with piper when she's angry *shutters*. And with that Calypso ran out of the cabin and as we watched her out of camp hopefully for good. Then we all turned around to Leo saying how sorry we were for him. And how we will always be there for him. And that he deserves better than that no good bitch that one came from Frank. Which we were all surprised to hear because not that because we thought that leo didn't deserve better ( he really did) but because Frank NEVER EVER swears. That made Leo give a small smile. After that day everything went very smoothly if I do say myself. The camp looked brand new now that leo was here. And as the months passed on Jason and Percy and frank all proposed me and piper and hazel on the beach which we all said yes to. And not so surprisingly Reyna and Leo started dating and eventually got married with us. It all one big wedding, I know what you're thinking you guys are too young to get married and if you guys do want to get married don't you want the attention to yourselves? why have a combined wedding? Well to answer your first question we waited till we were all 18 so we were legally ok to get married. And no we didn't want the attention all to ourselves on our " big day" after all we been through we wanted this to be together. After that Nic and will and grover and juniper got married to which we all celebrated with a big firework display. So life was going pretty good as far as I am concerned. All of us finished college to with the exception of nico he said he didn't want to pursue anything now he's the co-director of the camp with Grover. *BACK TO THE PRESENT* Percy's " Give me the mic Annabeth I want to tell this part of the story" " No Percy I get to tell this part this one's my fav." " Yeah but you got to tell the last part" "No perseus" *gives puppy dog eyes* " ugh fine here have the mic back seaweed brain" OK so yeah, as annabeth was saying our lives are pretty good right now in college I got a major in marine bioolgy" *It's biology seaweed brain* * I KNEW THAT* * SURE YOU DID SEAWEED BRAIN* Anyway back to the story yeah I got a major in biology. * happy wise girl?* yes, yes I am percy* And annabeth got one in architecture and we now live in a 2 story beach house in California. Annabeth owns an architecture company which is doing pretty good may I add. And I am the proud owner of sea creature's save&protect company. * Don't gloat Perseus* * I AM NOT* * WHATEVER PERSEUS* Frank is my business partner since he can also speak to animals I don't how that happened so don't ask me. Hazel has an jewelery shop that got very famous very quickly no joke. Jason goes in between New Rome and Camp Halfblood keeping up his promise to build each and every god and goddess a shrine and whenever he finishes one he gets rewarded big time… it kinda unfair. * AWW is someone jealous* * Shut up jason* * It's okay percy I would jealous of me too if I were you* PERCY-* eye rolls*. And piper is a very well known movie critic. She got many roles in movies and many big time people begged her to model for their brand but knowing piper she turned down each and every one. When we asked her about it she said that all that was too girly for her to which Jason replied "says the daughter of aphrodite the goddess of girliness". And Renya stayed at camp Jupiter being praetor and doing what she loved. *bossing people around* * I heard that percy* * come on Renya you put me in time out for petting one of you dogs* * Which bite you may I add* * Yeah Yeah Yeah*. Leo has a small fix up shop for demigods that's always crowded cus Hades knows that demigods break A LOT of things. We all live in California but not close enough to see each other all the time. Yes there in the occasional christmas and thanksgiving. And of