Hello again, I'm back with a new story. Anyone following my other story Scars From Tomorrow I'm not finished but I know I've been neglectful and I'm sorry. I truly am writers blocked with that piece and I am 100% going to finish it but I need to get this one out of my head first. Prologue I could feel him watching me the whole time I sang the valley song. He made me feel shy and I tried not to look his way, but eventually our eyes would find each other. My eyes would dart away from his, but he just kept looking at me with those warm ice coloured eyes. His gaze made me twist one of my long braids around my fingers nervously while I sang. I don't think things like that are supposed to make sense when you are four years old, but somehow I knew that Peeta Mellark was special and maybe he thought I was, too. We didn't talk to each other directly until later in the week, the day I had brought one of my father's freshly shot squirrels to school. I ate slowly unconsciously I glanced at the cookie with an icing flower decorating the top. As special as Peeta Mellark may be I couldn't help but envy that he got to bring that cookie to school. I couldn't help but dream about how that cookie must taste, how lucky Peeta Mellark was to be born a merchant who can bring cookies to school everyday. A thunk noise snaps me out of my day dreaming, and I realize Peeta Mellark moved from his seat with the rest of the merchant kids in our class. Even at the tender age of four years old the line between Seam and Merchant is drawn. "You Seam kids are so lucky when it comes to lunch. All I get are these cookies that are too old to sell at the bakery. I'll trade you my whole cookie for some of your meat." Peeta says with a kind smile. "I don't need your handouts." I say stonily, the way I've seen my daddy say to merchants like the old man at the Apothecary. Daddy hates it, but sometimes he has no choice but to trade with him in the middle of winter when it's impossible to find the herbs my mother needs for her remedies. So many people in the Seam depend on her when they are sick. "It's not a handout." Peeta's friendly gaze falters and he looks sad. I instantly regret my words as Peeta sadly begins to collect his lunch that he brought with him to my table. His cheeks are red and I realize I've embarrassed him. I look back to his table where I see a small group of merchants watching us and giggling. They probably warned him not to talk to me. Quickly, before Peeta has a chance to actually stand up and head back to the merchant table I say, "All I mean is that a cookie for some squirrel meat is not a fair trade. My daddy always says that you need to make sure that when you are trading both people need to feel like the deal is fair." I leave out the part where he told me that I should always make sure that I come away with more that what I gave up for trading. Peeta's eyes light up when he realizes that he has not been totally rejected. "Okay, what would be fair?" Peeta asks tentatively. I laugh, "You're a terrible trader. You're not supposed to ask what you can give me in exchange. You just offer something that you think is equal to squirrel meat." "But a cookie is worth squirrel meat. You see, I have two big brothers at home. As the littlest, when it comes to fighting for your food I never win. The meat that you have there is more than I've ever gotten to eat on my own by half. I get these stale cookies everyday. See, your squirrel lunch is worth more than my cookie." Peeta smiles brightly. "You're still doing it wrong." I explain with a giggle. I glance toward the merchant table and find the kids there are still paying too much attention to me and Peeta. So I lean a little closer to him and speak quietly so that I know they won't over hear me when I tell Peeta, "You're not supposed to make what you have seem like it's worth less than what I have." Peeta leans just as close to me, our faces so close that I can see exactly how long his eyelashes are. I look directly into those fire and ice eyes and it makes my heart thump a little harder causing my cheeks to turn red even though I know no one else can see the effect that this boy is starting to have on me. "Maybe you can teach me the right way to trade Katniss." Peeta suggests. "Ok," I say a little breathlessly. "Maybe lets pull out everything we have and we can see how we can trade our lunches." It turns out that between my meat and apple, and Peeta's stale rolls and cookies we manage to split our lunches completely in half. Once we do that we have a better lunch than any other kid in our class, maybe even the whole school. After that we sit next to each other for snack time and lunch time everyday, seeing what the other had to trade. After a month no one sits with either of us, we are the only kids mixing Seam with Merchant. It becomes so routine that one day I notice that both of our meals we just a mixture of sharing half of all of our food with the other, no trading or questions asked. This way I got dessert and Peeta got meat or berries or anything else that my father brought from beyond the fence and in the magical forest that kept us eating better than most of the district, even the lucky ones like the family of bakers that Peeta comes from. Eventually kids kept away from us. The Merchant kids don't want to risk having their parents find out they were playing with the kids from the Seam, Seam kids not wanting to play with those "stuck up" Merchant kids. Peeta and I would share lunches then play on the playground together or tag or hide and seek with each other, it was like at school we were allowed be in our own little world. At the end of the day Peeta would walk home with his brothers and go back to whatever Merchant friends he still had remaining, I would walk to the Seam usually with Momma and Hazelle Hawthorne and her son Gale who really didn't talk to me very much. This continued for months, until the winter came and it was so cold outside. Our little house would allow the snow to blow in under the doorway. One day our music teacher started to keep me in for recesses once a week so that I could practice the Valley Song. I was so grateful to have an opportunity to stay inside the nice warm classroom. We were practicing for the Victory Tour for the new Victor of the Hunger Games. Other kids were brought in who had special talents to show so they could practice, one of the older girls could dance and I loved to just watch her and I wished that I could move as gracefully as she does. "There she is, the girl who dances." I pointed her out to Peeta one day when we arrive at school before the entry bell rings. He glances up from my hands, he always insists his hands get too warm in these gloves that his mother the baker's mean wife insists he wears. Since he knows my hands are always cold he insists I wear them and helps me fit my fingers into the glove the correct way. I watch him as he looks at the dancer for a moment and push a few of his blond curls back from his eyes so he can see better. "That's Gemma Tailorson, the seamstress' daughter. She's one of the prettiest girls around. She always gets to wear the nice dresses that her mommy and daddy make for her." Peeta says as he watches her for a moment. I look back at Gemma and then back to Peeta whose gaze follows her and hasn't stopped since I pointed her out. It makes my chest burn and I don't know why. I look at here again but I can feel the scowl on my face that momma has told me many times will stay there if I don't smile more often. "She's not as pretty as you though." Peeta states firmly and my attention goes back to him quickly, he's looking at me softly with a small crooked grin on his face that just shows the gap in his teeth where he just lost his first tooth. The only time I didn't like going to practice was if a practice day happened to be on a day when Peeta would come to school sad and had a new bruise or some other injury from playing with his brothers, I didn't know why his momma and daddy don't make them play nicer. I mentioned that at home one day and momma looked so sad when she said, "I don't think it's his brothers causing those bruises." I asked what she meant but she didn't answer me, she does that sometimes, just not answer me and that's when I know that she's doing that because I won't like the answer she has to give so I just don't ask again. He's still holding my hand, the one he was putting the glove on even though there's not a reason to be holding my hand anymore. I've seen my daddy hold my momma's hand like this before, seen him look at my momma the way Peeta is looking at me. I remember my momma smiling at my daddy and kissing his cheek, so that's what I do. I step up to Peeta Mellark in the middle of the school yard, in front of all the other kids and any parents who are dropping their kids off for the day. I kiss his cold cheek and instantly his face turns red with blush, but I smile at him and he smiles back at me. The Victory Tour arrived the next day, on a morning that was clear and calm. Daddy was just getting home from working all night and I ran outside and leapt into his arms. He kissed my momma on the cheek, "I don't know if we should send Katniss to school today. It's awfully calm, and look at those clouds coming in the distance. We're going to be buried in snow my day's end." "You know the Peacekeepers will just come looking for her. Besides, it's Victory Tour day at the school. The train arrived this morning and Katniss has been practicing extra hard, she'll be so disappointed to stay home and not perform her song. Won't you, honey?" Momma asks me. "Yeah Daddy, I get to sing for the Victor of the Hunger Games, Enobaria from District Two." I say excitedly and run ahead of momma in the direction of where I know we meet the Hawthornes to walk to school together. Gale may be a bore, but the new baby Rory is cute. "Besides, I want to have a chance to talk to you alone. The mayor's wife mentioned seeing something happened yesterday morning before school between Katniss and her little friend, one of the baker's sons." Mother tries to whisper seriously, but I'm still close enough to hear and stop in my tracks immediately so that I can