Hey guys I'm back with another story that I thought would be interesting for you! I hope you enjoy the chapter and feel free to review! 13th Century, Europe Jennifer POV "So Jennifer, do you accept my offer?" Artemis questioned me while I went to answer but stopped and looked over at five year old Percy and saw him enjoying the company around him till he noticed me staring and waved happily while I waved half-heartedly back. I kept looking back and forth between Artemis and Percy till I made up my mind "Yes Lady Artemis, I accept thy offer." I said knowing that I'll feel guilt and shame for doing this to Percy, especially since I was all he had "Good, recite the oath after me and you will officially become a hunter." she said as I nodded "I state your full name, pledge myself to the goddess Artemis, I turn my back on the company of men and accept eternal maidenhood and join the hunt." she said while I recited the oath as a silver glow surrounded me while Artemis smiled. "Welcome to the hunt, sister." She said as she led me outside to the other hunters "Let's welcome our new sister to the hunt, Jennifer Jackson!" she said as the hunters came up to me and congratulated me, saying I made the right choice while the campers looked sadly at Percy while Percy looked confused. I headed to the tent they supplied me with and went to sleep knowing that tomorrow I'll feel even more terrible than I did last time. Percy POV "So there is a camp for people like us, where we learn how to train with weapons and learn new techniques." I said in awe while they nodded with smiles on their faces as I looked at the girls in silver parkas and bows "Who are they?" I said as they looked over and grimaced "Those are the Hunters of Artemis, a bunch of immortal girls who have Artemis as their patron. They get to roam the earth and hunt down monsters, but in return they pledge a oath to never fall in love and always remain a maiden." one of the campers said in disgust while shaking his head while I looked at him confused "Artemis? Like the goddess Artemis? I thought she was a myth?" I said confused "How dare you call our milady a myth, boy." a big girl with red hair spat as she had her bow pointed at me while I looked at her in fear. Before she shot one of the campers jumped in front of me "He's still a child, he doesn't know yet. Leave him alone." a female camper with brown eyes said as her hand was on the hilt of her sword while the big girl just scoffed and put her bow away and walked away. "Why did she do that? I didn't do anything to her?" I said in fear of the big girl "The Hunters of Artemis hate the male species with every fiber of their being, apparently saying that all males are bad, even the newborn ones and sadly little one, that includes you." a male camper with light blue eyes said while they nodded in agreement. As I went to speak someone else spoke first "Everyone set up camp, tomorrow I'll have Apollo come and take the campers to Camp Half-Blood." A twelve year old girl with auburn hair and silver eyes said while the girls in the silver parkas nodded. "Let's head to bed little man, big day ahead of us tomorrow." A camper with green eyes said while I nodded and went inside the tent they made for me, I got prepared to go to sleep till I realized my sister wasn't here "Wait! Where's my sister at?" I said worriedly while the campers looked at me with a sad gaze and went to bed. Jennifer POV "Here comes Apollo. Look away so you don't get blinded." Artemis said while Percy stood beside me looking tired but still smiling nonetheless while I felt more guilt way down on my heart as I grabbed his hand as the sun started to rise up "Look away." Artemis said while we all looked away to feel the sun get real hot till it stopped as a red convertible appeared while a middle-age man came out with a smile. "Hey lil sis, it's been too long, you never text, never answer my calls, how have you been?" "Apollo for the last time I'm older than you and I need you to take these four demigods to camp." she said with a sigh pointing at the campers and Percy who hid behind my leg as I pushed him forward. "Sure thing lil sis, hop on everyone." Apollo said as Artemis spoke "Are you sure that will fit all of them?" she said pointing at the red convertible "Oh right, how about this?" he said rubbing his neck sheepishly as he snapped his fingers as the red convertible changed into a school bus as Artemis nodded. "Alright everyone hop on." Apollo said with a smile "Come on sis, let's go check out this camp." Percy said pulling my forward but I didn't move I just shook my head "Come of sis, what are thou doing, this isn't funny?" he said pulling me a bit more harder while I still shook my head, trying to stop the tears from falling. He continued to pull on my arm nearly dislocating it, Artemis nodded at Apollo but he stood there with an emotionless mask on his face "Percy I can't come with you." I said while he looked at me confusion on his face "Why?" he said as I led him over to a spot and explained to him why I can't come. Once I finished his once bright sea green eyes were void of all life and filled shock, hurt, pain, anger, and betrayal. "Thou left me for immortality, thou were all I had!" He screamed at me with tears running down his face "Percy-" "Don't call me that only my friends and family call me Percy." he said while I felt my heart shatter "Thou promised we would never leave each other and that thou would always be there for me, but thou broke thy promise. Go enjoy thy new life with a bunch of murderers, people who think they are in the right when they're in the wrong. The judges of the Underworld show no mercy to those who rape and murder just for fun, that list will include thee." he spat as he ran off into the forests while the hunters and Artemis stood there shocked while Apollo and the campers were smirking. "Percy! Wait!" I shouted getting ready to chase after him till shadows wrapped around me and threw back roughly as I landed on my shoulder popping it out of place making me gasp in pain as the shadows started forming two figures. The hunters all pulled out their bows while the campers pulled out their weapons while Apollo stood there with a smirk on his face "Who are you?" Artemis demanded as the two figures finally formed as a massive aura of power overcame us. "Look at that honey, little Arty thinks she can defeat us." A female voice said while a male voice spoke "Oh how amusing, I wonder how powerful she thinks she is when she finds out who we are." the male voice said as we finally saw the two figures. The female had pale skin with a midnight black dress on with silky black hair that goes down to her waist and was seriously beautiful while the male also had pale skin with raven black hair and was really handsome. "Who are we? Well it's really simple, we are the personification of night and darkness." The female said with a smirk as everyone's eyes widened except for Apollo who's smirk only grew bigger "Nyx and Erebus." Artemis said in shock and horror as Erebus clapped "Oh how right you are, Artemis. The son of Poseidon tells the truth, you and your hunters are nothing but murderers. When they enter the Underworld, they receive no mercy and will immediately be sent to the Fields of Punishment. And you can't do anything except sit there and watch them suffer over your mistakes." Erebus spat while Nyx looked at me. "Leave the son of Poseidon alone, he doesn't want your apologies. You've hurt him enough." She spat as they went to disappear "How do thou know what he wants and what he doesn't want?" I said as Nyx disappeared and reappeared in front of me as shadows started to wrap around my throat holding me up in the air making it difficult to breath "Because we have been watching him, he will grow up to become a great hero, his skills with the sword will be unmatched by the Olympians themselves, he will become the most powerful demigod to have ever walked the planet, he will have fame and power that some gods would be willing to die for. He will be Olympus's most greatest hero surpassing Hercules by a long shot, one day he will make a choice, he will either save the Olympians or be the cause of their destruction." she spat as everyone's eyes widened at her statement while I was tossed back to the ground, gasping for breath. "Father will kill him once he finds out about Poseidon has a son." Artemis said in shock while they laughed "What makes you think Zeus will find out? And if you even try to tell him, we will know. It would be a shame if your hunters were to disappear in the middle of the night." Nyx said with a cold smile while Artemis looked at her in horror. "We, thou said "We have been watching him." what do thou mean?" A girl with coppery skin, obsidian eyes and a slightly upturned nose with a silver circlet on her head while Erebus spoke "Remember who you're talking to daughter of Atlas. I will not hesitate to kill you, despite the Ancient Laws." he spat as she flinched "What we mean is this soon to be hero has caught the attention of our brothers and sisters, the Primordials and our own father, Chaos, Creator of the Universe." she said as our eyes widened. "Chronos, Ananke!" Nyx shouted as a golden flash and a purple flash appeared as a man with pure golden eyes and a girl with entrancing purple eyes both appeared looking at us in distaste. "You call sister?" Chronos said while Nyx nodded "Alter their memories so they don't remember any of this conversation, only the encounter between Perseus and his sister, then erase everything else till the right time." she said as all four primordials looked at us. "Now if you'll excuse us, we have to go and greet a new member of the family." Nyx said confusing us till I realized she was talking about Percy as I went to speak but my whole world went black. Percy POV "Thou promised we would never leave each other and that thou would always be there for me, but thou broke thy promise. Go enjoy thy new life with a bunch of murderers, people who think they're in the right when they're in the wrong. The judges of the Underworld show no mercy to those who rape and murder just for fun, that list will include thou." I spat as I ran off into the forests, moving past the trees and branches till I appeared in a clearing and fell to my knees and started crying, hugging myself "What did I do wrong, where did I mess up at?" I muttered still letting the tears fall till a voice spoke "You didn't go wrong anywhere young hero." I heard as I jumped up and saw a woman