Hey guys I hope you enjoyed this new story that I decided to came up with. I hope you enjoy the first chapter, let me know what you think about it and feel free to review! Disclaimer: I do not own Percy Jackson and the Olympians. All rights and characters belong to Rick Riordan, I only own the oc's Third POV Thirteen beings of incredible power sat in a throne room that made Olympus look like trash, the room was pitch black with stars and planets rotating around it while the constellations moved around at the top of the throne room as it had pictures of men and woman hanging up, like memories or awards but one person's name was on the wall the most who goes by the name Archangel. The beings on their thrones looked to be in their own thoughts, the males were on the left side while the women were on the right. On the far left for the males sat a male around his forties with deep ocean blue eyes while his body shimmered, like he was made up of liquids while his throne was literally made of water but he looked comfortable in it, beside him was a good looking man with blonde hair and kaleidoscope eyes while he held a mirror in front of his face, muttering to himself about how good looking he is, much to the annoyance of the others in the room. Beside him was a man around his mid thirties with raven black hair, bronze skin and sea green eyes that looked like he held the whole sea in them while his throne was made up of coral while water flowed through it like a dance. To his left was a man with reddish golden color hair with startling golden eyes that glowed with power and knowledge while his throne was formed by clocks and glowed a golden color, beside him was a man who was like the light, with pure white wings that had a wingspan of 14ft that seemed to have a mind of their own and constantly bug the ones on his left and right as they kept slapping them away, making him frown. The male beside him was sitting on a throne that was seemingly made up of clouds as lightning streaks were on the side of it while the being himself looked like he was made up of clouds or was the sky itself as lightning would strike on the suit he was wearing every once in a while as his eyes were a electric blue with lightning and clouds actually moving through them while the man beside him was paler than Hades while it seemed the shadows were drawn to him but he seemed to be sitting on nothing but if you looked closer you'll see the shadows were forming a throne for him. On the other side for the females, on the far right sat a woman around her twenties with brown eyes while her throne seemed to be made up of mountains while she hummed a small tune with a small smile on her face but it instantly turned into a glare as her eyes turned a muddy brown as she glared at the male with kaleidoscope eyes who was winking at her. To her right was a woman like the male across from her, who had bronze skin with raven black hair and glowing sea green eyes. To her right was a woman with entrancing purple eyes that when you look into them, you see your whole Fate like she knows what's going to happen to you before it even happens, which startles many who look into her eyes except for one person but she seemed aggravated. To her right was a young girl around her mid-twenties with creamy white skin and platinum blonde hair while her eyes were a bright bluish yellowish color that blended together perfectly while she had a smile on her face that seemingly lighted up the whole throne room. Beside her was a female around her thirties wearing a black dress with pale skin while her eyes were pitch black but had little dots in them while her throne had the constellations moving around them but she was leaning away from the girl beside her, almost as if the light was bugging her. Then finally in the middle on the grandest throne sat a girl around the age of nineteen was the word beautiful. She had black, silky hair that flowed down to her waist like a waterfall, she wore a pitch black dress like the woman beside her that hugged her curves perfectly while she had pale skin, but she was relaxing in her throne, eyes closed, obviously lost in memories, everyone knows this since she's talking to someone who she hasn't talked to for nearly the past two hundred years who's also been on her mind for the last seven hundred years. "Where is he?" The woman with purple eyes said aggravated "We called him here ten minutes ago." she said as everyone's eyes snapped towards her, minus the woman whose eyes were closed "He'll be here Ananke." The platinum blonde hair girl said reassuringly while she rolled her eyes "He never listens Hemera, he makes up his own rules and listens to no one. How do we know he'll actually come?" she demanded as the platinum blonde hair girl now known as Hemera sighed and spoke "Seven hundred years of service to us and you still don't trust him? What does he need to do to earn your respect? He's even saved your son and daughter, despite him losing his forearm." she said and immediately after she said it, slapped her hand over her mouth as everyone's eyes snapped towards the beautiful nineteen year old girl to see her still as a stone but everyone could tell that Hemera brought up a bad memory as she clenched her arm rests tightly, leaving cracks in her throne. "Way to go daughter, now you may get us killed." The woman with the black dress whispered to Hemera "I forgot." she said as her mother rolled her eyes "How could anyone forget that? Archangel will probably have to die in order to earn Ananke's respect." she said as Ananke glared at her "Watch it Nyx." she warned as Nyx rolled her eyes "Or what niece? Going to attack me?" she said mockingly as Ananke glared at her in hate but didn't do anything "Exactly, everyone here knows that's exactly what will have to happen in order for him to earn your respect." she said as everyone nodded in agreement as Ananke looked at the golden eye male "Chronos, even you agree with all of them?" she said shocked as he nodded. "You may be my wife but she speaks the truth, I think that's why he gave up on you. He just ignores you now, but it's not like he cares which I'm pretty sure he doesn't since you remind him of Athena, whom he said you might as well be her sister since you both have the same problems." Chronos said as Ananke narrowed her eyes "What does he mean, same problems?" she said suspiciously but he shrugged his shoulders "I'm not telling you." he said as the male with the pure white wings spoke "What he said was you and Athena are both snobby, prideful, and both have a stick so far up your ass that you could probably screw a man-" he would've continued but the male with the electric blue eyes slapped his hand over his mouth while the males all burst out in laughter while the girls all rolled their eyes but Ananke's purple eyes flared with rage and hate as she stood up from her throne. "He said what, Aether?" She hissed as Aether removed the hand from his mouth and spoke "I thought you would understand but I'll say it again, he said and I quote "Ananke and Athena should be sisters because their both snobby, prideful, and both have a stick so far up their asses that they could probably screw a man and-" he got interrupted again as shadows wrapped around him and pulled him down to his throne "Son, please shut up and don't say anything again. I don't think Archangel will like it if he finds us fighting." Nyx said while Aether nodded as shadows released him as he kept his mouth shut but was still releasing a snicker every now and then from what Archangel told him about Athena and Ananke. "I thought he was busy on Planet Tarken?" The male with electric blue eyes said as they nodded "He is Ouranos, but we expected him to be done within a year or two, it's been three years since him and the Angels left and they haven't returned, which slightly worries everyone." Nyx said looking at the nineteen year old on the throne whose eyes were still closed. "He's been through worse right, probably just got caught up in something that took extra time, no biggie." Aether said shrugging his shoulders "You rely on the demigod too much." Ananke stated as he raised an eyebrow "So do you Ananke, weather you like it or not. Heck, we all rely on him a lot. He understood this when he accepted the job we offered him. I haven't seen anything the dude hasn't achieved yet. Dude's a legend!" he exclaimed while everyone rolled their eyes "How do you think the army is going to react to seeing another elite force?" Nyx said while they shrugged their shoulders. "Probably not good, but Archangel will keep his Angels under control but will the peacekeeper keep her army under control?" The male with the shadows questioned as they looked thoughtful "Good question Erebus, since Archangel and the peacekeeper know each other from their pasts, it should be good." Chronos said but they didn't seem convinced "I don't know Chronos, Archangel's changed a lot since his time on Earth. We all realized this but he keeps his duty separated from his life, which is a good thing for someone of his rank and power." The male with sea green eyes said "Pontus, you worry too much. Surely Archangel won't do anything rash, right?" he said while they shook their heads. "He's basically three people, the brave commander of the Angels, Archangel, the cold hearted assassin, Omega, then his past life on Earth which he doesn't like us to mention to anyone at all." Aether said while they nodded in agreement "How will he react to us telling him that he has to reveal the Angels plus his own identity, now that I think about it." Ouranos said while they all thought over this "Surely it shouldn't be to bad." Ananke said as they all looked at her in shock "Ananke, we've kept the Army of Chaos separated from the Angels of Chaos for a reason. How do you think the Army of Chaos will react to a group of higher skills and power than them while their commander has power that can rival Chaos." Ouranos said looking at Chaos as did everyone else "Archangel's what? The champion of me, Hemera, Nyx, Erebus, Chronos, Ouranos plus Chaos correct?" Aether said as they all nodded. "The dude didn't even need a blessing from Pontus, Thalassa, or Hydros, his powers were already mastered in water, dude can take us all down one on one. Now if we all attack him at once, we might be able to defeat him but it's very likely we'll lose, terribly." Erebus said while they nodded "But we know he won't go against us in anyway, that I can assure you." Hemera said while they nodded in agreement. "Do the Angels and the Army have the same amount of warriors?" Ouranos said as they shook their heads "Both have twenty four companies but the Army has twice