Annabeth is exhausted. It's finals week so she hasn't gotten much sleep and she's been working night and day on her final project for architecture (the only class that matters) on top of picking up extra shifts at the bakery so she can afford to buy her brothers a Christmas gift. It's been snowing all morning and frankly, Annabeth's lucky she made it to work. The shop isn't too far from her apartment but she's been so tired after her week of finals that she hadn't even wanted to get out of bed this morning. It is, after all, her first day of winter break and after the crazy week she's had churning out finals left and right, she had half a mind to shut off her alarm and go back to sleep. She can't afford not to go into work, though, so she'd dragged herself out into the snow and trekked through the cold to the shop. So here she is, frosting four dozen cupcakes at 6:30 in the morning while the snowpocalypse rages on outside. Jason's supposed to be here, but he'd texted Annabeth and said he'd be late because of the weather. So when he walks in 30 minutes after his shift is supposed to start Annabeth breathes a sigh of relief. "Thank god you're here," she says when he hurries in tying his apron around his waist. "Yeah, sorry I'm late," he says picking up a bag of bright pink frosting. They move seamlessly together, a well-oiled machine in the kitchen, and no wonder since they've both been working here for three years. "Annabeth, I've got some red velvet here ready to be frosted," Sally said poking her head around the corner. Annabeth nods and finishes the last of the chocolate mocha cupcakes she's working on before she moves onto the new red velvets. Jason is good at decorating the cupcakes but Annabeth is fantastic. She's always had a steady hand and an artistic eye and Sally always says she's lucky she found Annabeth because for someone who can bake so well, she can't frost a cupcake for shit. "Oh, and I'm thinking of making some of those cannoli cupcakes you two love so much." Annabeth glances at Jason and grins. They open at 8 and Annabeth is surprised by how many people have braved the snowpocalypse (because this has become the official name for the neverending snowstorm) for one of Sally's baked goods, although Sally is an exceptionally good baker so it's not entirely shocking. By about 9:30 the rush has pretty much died down and the only people left in the shop are a few regulars sitting at their normal tables, reading their morning papers. Annabeth heaves a sigh as a mom and her three small children leave the shop, their shouting voices still audible through the window. She turns to Jason, who is leaning against the counter, and shakes her head. "I will never understand why people risk their lives for cupcakes." "It's because my cupcakes are the best!" Sally says peeking out from the back. By midday, traffic has definitely slowed down. Now there is only one person in the shop, a college-age girl sitting in the corner, scribbling away in a notebook, and no one has entered the small shop in almost an hour. When the bell over the door rings, Jason is wiping down tables, circling closer and closer to the customer in the corner (Annabeth can tell he's infatuated, he does this every time the girl comes in) so she wipes her hands on her apron and leaves the display case alone. The man standing before the register looks to be about her age with untidy black hair and a blue woolen scarf wrapped around his neck. His eyes remind Annabeth of the view of the Sound off Long Island at the camp she attended as a child. Annabeth is about to ask what she can get him when the guy walks around the counter and grabs the last blue cupcake out of the case. She's so shocked that she's almost speechless. Almost. "What do you think you're doing?" The guy looks up, his fingers in his mouth as he licks the bright blue frosting from them. His eyebrows disappear into his (messy, messy) hair and he just blinks at her. "Uh," "This is a place of business, you can't just help yourself to whatever you want! It's stealing! And it's unsanitary!" All her rant seems to do is amuse him because his lips are quirked in the start of a smile. She about to tear into him (for real this time because who comes into a bakery and just helps themselves?) when Jason intervenes. "Annabeth, it's ok-" Jason says, hurrying over to the counter. "Yeah Annabeth, it's ok," the stranger says with an amused grin. "I'm just here to see my mom." It's Annabeth's turn to blink stupidly. "Your… mom?" He takes a bite of the cupcake and nods. "My mom." Annabeth purses her lips. "I thought you were in Miami or something." She's heard about him- Percy Jackson. Sally talks about him all the time. And so does Sarah, for that matter (she loves her big brother like no other). But this is the first time she's actually met him. "Tampa actually, with my dad." "Right." Percy stuffs the rest of his cupcake in his mouth and grins at Annabeth, the cake and frosting all stuck in his teeth. Annabeth narrows her eyes in disgust and shakes her head. "Jason," Percy says holding his arms out. Apparently they're friends because Jason smiles and claps Percy on the back. Percy reaches into the backpack slung over his shoulder and pulls out a snowglobe with palm trees and a flamingo in it. "For you," he says presenting it to Jason with a bow. Jason snorts and shakes the tiny, plastic thing. "Oh, and this is Annabeth Chase," Jason says gesturing to her. "I'm Percy," he says offering a hand to Annabeth. "Yeah, I gathered as much." "Sorry I don't have a snow globe for you." "Don't worry about it. I usually don't buy gifts for strangers either." He studies her, a curious smile on his face, for a moment. "You don't like me, huh?" "I don't know you. And you caught me off guard. It's kind of my job to keep people from stealing." He smirks. "Well you're certainly doing a fine job." "Percy? Is that you?" Sally rushes out of the back and throws her arms around her son. Percy smiles and hugs his mom tightly. Annabeth can admit to herself that she's a bit surprised- her brothers are 15 and they refuse to let their mom hug them. He follows Sally back to the kitchen with a fist bump for Jason and a wink for Annabeth. She rolls her eyes even as a smile quirks her lips upward and goes back to work. The days leading up to Christmas are nothing short of crazy. Annabeth is good under pressure, though, and she and Jason run the shop like nobody's business. Clarisse works a few days now that she's back from school on break and the new trainee, a high school senior named Nico who keeps to himself, is a godsend. Usually Annabeth and Jason can handle things on their own, but with Christmas approaching so quickly the shop is ridiculously busy and Annabeth is insanely grateful for the extra help. There's also the fact that most days, Percy comes in for his mom. He's actually a fairly good baker, having grown up under his mom's tutelage, and he's also really good with customers. He's got a natural charm that seems to make most people love him. He also looks pretty cute when he inevitably gets flour on his face when he bakes. He's pretty much always smiling and he likes to wink at Annabeth and watch her try not to blush as she scowls at him. He's annoying and goofy and clumsy (he's tripped over the welcome mat at the door twice already) and Annabeth keeps having to remind herself how infuriating he is (because otherwise she starts thinking she might actually kind of like him). Sally still stops in to check on them most days, her daughter Sarah often clutching her hand. Sarah is talkative as usual (Annabeth has a huge soft spot for the little girl), telling Annabeth all about her winter break and how much she loves having Percy home. She actually talks about Percy a lot. "He's been living with his dad for a couple of years now. He owns a marine life rescue and Percy's always loved the ocean and marine animals, so after graduation he moved down there," Jason says looking up from a box of napkins. "You went to school with him?" Annabeth asks as they take inventory one night after close. "Well, he was a year ahead of me. He's your age," he says glancing up slyly. Annabeth just nods and goes back to work, listening quietly as Jason tells her about Percy. The day before Christmas Eve, Jason, Nico, and Clarisse leave early, leaving only Annabeth and Sally to close. They're halfway through the routine when there's a knock on the door. Annabeth's eyebrows knit together in confusion but Sally just smiles and hurries to open it. It's Percy, of course, his dark hair is dusted with snow and his cheeks are red from the cold. "Sarah just called- she and Paul are home. I was just on my way and figured I'd stop in and we could go together." Annabeth smiles into the dishes she's washing because she's pretty sure her brothers would never even think to be so considerate. "I can finish out here, sweetheart. Why don't you go help Annabeth with those dishes, get us all out of here quicker?" Annabeth almost protests but Percy smiles at her and her stomach does this weird swooping thing and she doesn't trust herself to talk. They work in silence, except for the time when Annabeth accidentally drops a mixing bowl into the water and splashes the both of them. Percy laughs and Annabeth finds herself laughing along, despite the fact that she'll have to walk home in the snow with a sopping wet shirt. When they finally do get to go home, Annabeth wishes Sally and Percy both a 'Merry Christmas' and hurries home before they even have their jackets on. Her apartment is, thankfully, warm after the trek and she jumps immediately into a hot shower. As she lays in bed later, she wishes more than anything that she could just spend the next two days holed up in her apartment in her pajamas, watching White Christmas on repeat because that is the only scenario in which she enjoys Christmas. Christmas, all holidays really, wear her out. On the 24th she spends the day with her mother, which is always an affair. She spends half the day listening to her mother talking on her phone dealing with grad students whose research absolutely can't wait (and god knows what else) and the other half listening to her mother's new boyfriend (another of her grad students) prattle on about Athena's genius. Plus, they have duck for dinner and Annabeth hates duck. Christmas with her dad's family couldn't be more different. Matt and Bobby spend the whole day hopped up on sugar, yelling into the headsets of their brand new Xbox, despite their mother's remonstrations. Annabeth's father and stepmother take it in turns, the former peppering her with questions about school and work and the latter jumping in to brag about the twins. It's a long evening surrounded by her stepmother's family and Annabeth really can't wait to get home and change into her pajamas. The mashed potatoes are good, though. It's the day after Christmas and Annabeth is working again. She's always shocked by how many people are up and out so early the day after Christmas. They