I got inspired for this one shot, I want to make this one as long as possible so that you guys would get the idea of what really happened in this story. You wouldn't have questions that popped into your head. So, here it is. I will write in the end how many words that this story is in total, not including this small intro. So here it is. The one that i have been working on for so long. Please enjoy it and comment your thoughts. Your comments mean a lot to the writers if you didn't know. Just like you like getting compliments in what you're doing good on. Makes you so proud in that accomplishment. -PJORiptide … I sometimes wish I can forget. Forget everything. Hint hint, sometimes. Those others days that i never wish that is when i looked through old photographs of me and you. The one where you kissed my cheek, the one where we played in the sand at the beach on that very cold day. Stupid cold weather. But we still had fun. Or that one time where we both got each other sick and we stayed in playing video games when we should have been resting. I remember those days where I was yours and you were mine. Just me and you. And blue cookies. Those days where I was able to kiss your hand, cheek, and those lips of yours. Those memories that come back make me wish we could go back to those days. The ones where it was just us. It was perfect. The first time I looked at you, I thought in my head, "I want to marry that girl" and seeing how beautiful you looked when you walked into that mexican restaurant. That red dress. That moment where I swear I felt like crying. You were so beautiful that day. I wanted to wrap my arms around you and do every little thing with you. Kiss you. Hold you. Travel the world with you. And before I knew it I knew i was in love. I finally understood what the heck my mom was talking about when she told me about meeting the right girl. I finally felt it. What we had was amazing. You are amazing. When I looked through old photographs of you. Only you. I remember what I let go. I let go of someone who isn't replaceable. It's funny.. I expected that I would move on in a couple of months after you left. But here I am three years later still thinking about you. But sometimes I wonder if what we had… was real. I remember recording a video on our brand new camera. You wore a big t shirt you bought for pajamas. And you had the biggest brightest and most beautiful smile. It was morning and the curtains were open, the sun shown through the window. You tried hitting me with the pillow. Every time I looked at you I felt so complete. I felt like crying those tears of joy knowing that I was yours. That i was that lucky man who could kiss you. Do things that were romantic. The guy you called your boyfriend. I was him. You don't know how much more in love i was with you when you called me your boyfriend. Everything was perfect. Everything. You were perfect. But just when I thought things were perfect and right where they needed to be.. Things went downhill. I still remember those days where it didn't seem so real. Where to this day I would question, "Did she really love me?" and I would cry being angry that I ever let you go. That I let you go into that car with your father. Where we said goodbye. I remember my own tears forming when yours did. I hope things are going well with you. I really do hope so. I miss you wisegirl. Not a day goes by where I forget when your foot set foot into that care. I should have gone to you and stopped you from going. Give you reasons to not leave. Really really good reasons. I walk around the house we used to own together but now I just walk around these empty halls and rooms. I heard you're doing fine. That you felt happy that you took that offer in working in the biggest company with your mom. I heard that you moved on. Your fiance looks like the one for you. Like everything was perfect for you. I am glad. Thalia was telling the truth, seeing you on the news as they interviewed you and him that you were working with your mother. Your life is perfect. You have the perfect man, the job, the life you always deserved. I hope you think of me in those days. I wish. I think of you a lot. I took your suggestion and decided to follow my passion for music. I am taking it slow.. We should see each other again. Though that probably wouldn't be a good idea. Years later and I'm still here waiting for you. I'm still here. I'll send you my first song i wrote. I hope you like it wisegirl. I love you. Love, Percy aka, Seaweed Brain Percy looked at his computer screen and highlighted those three words and pressed backspace. He inserted the link to his song. It was a video. Of him playing the guitar in the room they used sleep together. He looked at the send button and moved the mouse over to the blue button where he would finally speak. He looked at the red x at the top of the screen and hit send. He read those word "View message" he sighed closing his laptop gently and hoping she would at least read those words he wrote with deep meaning. He walked out of his room not once looking back. Days passed by with no response. He waited nervously for her to reply or text him or call him letting him know that she was really okay. Closure for him. But nothing came. He walked into the small dinner, ordering black coffee while looking out the window. He could see the park where he and annabeth used to run around madly in love. He could see himself and her really there and falling into that green grass. Soft grass, as she pulled the collar of his shirt making him cover her body. Looking into each other's eyes as they leaned in slowly. Their lips locking. Percy turned away when he felt someone tap his shoulder setting his coffee in front of him. He thanked him as the waiter walked away. Like everyday he spends his days hanging out with his best friends from high school. Jason and him stood carefully on the rocks near the lake. Leo grabbed a handful of rocks trying to break the record of most rocks skipped. Percy shook his head chuckling at his many attempts, while Jason told stories of when he used to come here as a kid. And the nights where the gang got together and walked in the city under the stars. Cars driving by as they walked on the sidewalk with their arms around each other. Those were the time where Percy wanted to forget and focus on his own future. The jokes they shared, and the laughters they shared with one another. The times where they were rebellious. At the end of the day, he always ended up in the same place. Thinking of the same things. He would open his laptop to check his emails or news about how she's doing. And checking his phone to see if he received any calls or texts from her. Though luck wasn't on his side anymore. He threw his phone to the side and turned over in his bed, closing his eyes. "Do you love me?" Annabeth asked as they shared a hammock tied to two trees. They both looked up at the stars through the spaces between the branches. Annabeth turned to Percy looking at him in the eyes, Percy looked at her in the eyes with loved filled in them. Love for her. He twirled her golden curls with his finger gently. "Wisegirl, you know that I do" He smiled, leaving her golden curls and placing his hand on her waist. He didn't know what to call it but, it was more than in love. More like he would die for her. She smiled and shook her head when he replied to her question. "I know, I just want to hear you say it again. Perseus Jackson, do you love me?" She asked again keeping the smile on her face. Percy looked right into her eyes and pulled her closed to his body. He nodded his head. "I do. I am very much in love with you, Annabeth Chase" He said with meaning, "I, Percy Jackson, am in love" He said, Annabeth chuckled and cupped his cheeks pulled her to him placing her lips on his. He felt happier than ever and as well as the hammock tilting when he moved more to the side. He heard Annabeth make a surprised sound as his body went over hers. He fell on his back chuckling when Annabeth fell on top of him. They chuckled for a few seconds before finding each other's lips and continuing their moment that they both wanted to hold on forever. Under the stars they kissed each other, he could feel the universe screaming out of joy that they were together. "Still thinking about her?" Luke asked, he sat down on the stairs of Percy's front porch. Percy didn't take his eyes off Luke's car that was parked right in front of his house. Luke took out a cigarette and lit it with his lighter he pulled out, "yeah. I do too man. She was like a sister to me. I miss her too" Percy still didn't say anything. He distanced himself sometimes from people and his friends. Wanting to be alone. "I understand you miss her man but, it's been three years.. Shouldn't you be moving on too? This is the longest I have seen someone still in love with a girl" Luke tried again hoping Percy would open up before he would get up to leave. Again. "I should move on. But I choose not to.. Ridiculous? I know right. I just can't help but feel she's coming back when I know she won't. It's just a feeling" He responded to look, he turned to look seriously. He shrugged and shook his head. Luke nodded, "You do you man. You know what you're doing" He smiled getting up from the stairs he sat down on next to Percy. He walked over to his car and got in again. He waved to Percy goodbye and pulled out of the driveway carefully. Percy nodded his head responding to the wave. "That's just it. I don't know what I'm doing. I don't know what I am waiting for" He said to himself as Luke drove off. Percy got up walking up the stairs and into the house that held the best memories. He walked into through the kitchen and saw himself and her again. He snuck up behind her as she made breakfast. Wrapping his arms around her waist and spun her around "Percy the eggs are going to burn!" She laughed as she was spun around in the kitchen. Percy laughed and put her back down. She turned giving him a quick peck on the lips and turned back to the eggs. Percy leaned on the counter as he looked at her cook, he imagined that his eyes formed like hearts. Annabeth grabbed the plates and set them down on the counter, not much in a hurry. He pulled out the forks and ketchup, he saw as Annabeth put an equal amount of eggs