Come back to me This story is my second one, I erased the other one because it wasn't my best work I've done. I just need to remind you that this story is rated T for swearing words. I hope you enjoy this story beginning to the end. It is my pleasure to present to you "Come back to me". -Clap Clap Clap- Chapter 1: I run through the garden and look behind me Percy comes and tackles me into the field of grass, "Hey that's cheating! Percy you were suppose to count and I hide!" I said frowning. He shrugged and grinned. "Guess I changed my mind" he said in his 11 year old voice. "What do you want to play now?" I said, Percy helped me up from the ground "Well my 12th birthday is coming up we should see what my dad has planned" he said as we walked back to the castle. Percy has been my best friend since 5 years old and we've done everything together. He helped me on everything, when my mom, Athena died from a illness. My dad Fredrick married someone else, Susan. She's alright just not my mom. In one week after Percy's birthday I'm also turning twelve. My dad has these big balls planned and this year I don't feel like having a ball for my birthday just a good relaxing day maybe with a cake and presents, but no ball. "Hey did you hear what I said?" Percy said snapping his fingers in my face. I shook my head out of my thoughts, "Yeah, cool" "You think me leaving is cool?" Percy said hurt. My eyes widened. "Leaving?!" I said. He then started to laugh really hard. "Oh, man! You should've seen the look on your face!" He said still laughing. I punched his shoulder and he stopped. "Ow! Hey it was funny!" He said with one last laugh. "No, wait you're really leaving?" I said. He shook his head. "Nah, my dad and I enjoy helping around the castle" he said and started walking on front steps of the castle I looked at him, "and I enjoy playing with you everyday" he said, that made me smile. "We should get going" He said and fixed his suit and walked in and I followed. Poseidon stood there with his suit and smiled when seeing his son and me walk in. "Why Percy, Nice to see you" he smiled and patted Percy's head. Poseidon turned to me, "Princess" he bowed. Poseidon looked just like Percy, sea green eyes and Raven hair. I always admired Poseidon for being there for Percy, he always was there for me as well. My dad never really got the time, but we have fun when he isn't doing work on Fridays and Saturdays. Percy smiled, "Hey, come on. Princess do you want to help me or do you have things to do?" Percy said holding out his hand. (A/N so guys that was just an intro of their childhood, now I'm going to skip a few years) 6 years later "Happy Birthday!" Percy yelled with his hands in the air. Everyone around me clapped. I smiled. My 18th birthday was going great. Percy hugged me and smiled. "18, How does it feel?" Percy grinned. I sighed. "Honestly it's amazing" I smiled. "Sweetie, I have something for you" My dad said with Susan's arms around my dad's waist smiling. My dad reached for his present and it the wrapper was the color Gray. I smiled and then I opened it. It was a picture framed with me as a baby and my mom holding me in her arms, tears came running down my face and my dad wrapped his arms around me while I cried not of sadness, but of joy seeing something to remember my mom by. 0o0o0o0o0 After the party everyone went back to their business, they still kept wishing me happy birthday when I passed by them I just nodded my head. I went to go look out for Percy. I soon spotted him he was talking to Chiron, The head trainer for our Knights. Percy kept nodding his head and then bowed leaving off. He turned to me signaling me to follow. We went into the forest and went to our secret place when we were little. The Old House. It was where we always met when we had something to tell the other or when we had a rough time and we needed to calm down. The house was all broken before we came, it had rotten dark wood and broken windows and inside it was filled with old furniture. We did a little cleaning up and it looked better than it was, the wood was a bit cleaner and the furniture was very clean, thanks to Percy. I walked up to the house and he stood there one leg crossed the other, he looked up and smiled. His sea green eyes looked beautiful and his hair was all messy. Wait? What am I saying? He's my best friend! "Took you long enough" he smirked coming over to me. My heart beat faster. He grabbed my arm. "How was your day?" He said as we walked in the house. "Good" I said. "Good?" He raised his eyebrow. "Yeah.." "No, Awsome?Great? Nothing?" He said while turning on the boiler. I shook my head. "Wow, lifeless much" he grinned. I smiled. He made two cups of coffee and brought it over to me. I thanked him and he shrugged. We sat there in silence for a moment while he kept sipping his coffee, which was getting annoying. "Will you stop that!" I snapped, he smirked and placed his coffee on the table. "Snappy are we" he grinned. "Y-You keep sipping that coffee like, you don't have teeth!" I said. He laughed. I punched him in the shoulder. "Ow! You keep doing that, geez" he said rubbing his shoulder. Then his face went serious. He sighed running his hands through his hair, "I have great news" he said. I turned to him. "What is it?" "So, you saw me talking to Chiron right? Well, he was asking me to become a knight, well I'm a beginner actually" he said. I stared at him, Knight? War? could die. "What? A k-knight?" I said, he smiled. I hugged him, "That's great, I'm happy for you" I said forcing a smile. He returned the hug. "I start training tomorrow and we'll see where it goes" "Think I can come watch?" I said bring my lip. "Of course" he smiled we grabbed my hand. I realized how close our faces were from each other. I got up quickly and laughed. "We should get going, our parents may be wondering where we are" I opening the door. "Yeah you're right" He said getting up putting the coffee cups in the sink. "Aren't I always" I smirked. Our faces were close. So close. We could've kissed. Am I in Love? Oh shit. What am I saying? Snap out of it Annabeth. We walked into the palace and looked at each other forgetting that moment never happened. Chiron came over to Percy, he bowed at me," Princess, I'm sorry but I need to borrow Percy for something" he said. I nodded. "It's okay, bye Perce" I said and walked all the way to my room where my book awaits. Percy POV: That moment. The moment where we were so close. What would've happened then if they were much closer? Would they Avoid each other if my feelings got in the way of our friendship? No, I couldn't let that happen I just have to ignore my feelings for her, just so they could continue to talk to each other. "You're not listening are you?" Chiron said looking at me while walking out of the castle. "I'm sorry sir" I said. "It's fine, I was just saying that tomorrow training will start early in the morning. Maybe after you eat breakfast, then come to training straight after that" He said, looking out into the fields. 'Okay sir, but where do I get my weapon?" I said looking up at him, squinting my eyes because of the sun. "Yes, that's why I needed you to chose out which sword or dagger best fits you" He said as we walked upon a small brown cabin. He opened the cabin door, it flew open in a second. "So, This is the blacksmith, his name is Nico. Sells almost anything you can think of" Chiron said as he entered the cabin. "Anything?" "Anything" said someone said from behind the counter. I turned as I closed the door. The guy, about his age, stood there. He had curly hair with a grin on his face. "Nico, nice to meet you. You are?" He said taking his hand out. "Percy, Nice to meet you as well" I said shaking his hand. "Hey Chiron, Nice to see you again, New Knight?" Nico asked putting away some scrolls. "Yes, we are looking for a good sword for him" he said tapping on the counter. "Ah yes! A sword. Hold on a moment" He said going into a room and bringing out a bag. He opened the bag and there was tons of swords and other weapons. "Choose young one" Nico said, I raised my eyebrow at him. "I'm 18" I said. He smiled. "So am I and Chiron here still calls me that" He says, "Now choose" I looked at them, some were bronze and some were new. I picked up one and it felt heavy. I took one swing, but not comfortable. I looked at one that glowed in my eye. "That's Riptide, we just got it last week" Nico said. I swung it and it felt, right. I did many swings and I couldn't stop. "Woah, looks like that was made just for you" Nico grinned stepping back a little. I swinged it one last time and smiled. "This is the one" I said. Chiron smiled. Nico handed me a sword holster. "How much will that be Young one?" Chiron said taking out a bag of drachmas. "7 drachmas" Nico said taking out a small box of drachmas. Chiron handed him the drachmas and we left. "Hey, your swings you almost broke my things" Nico grinned. I smiled and I left with Riptide. It was dark and I headed back to the palace after a few swings with Riptide. I ran to the stairs and saw my cousin Thaila at the front door of my room. Thaila was my cousin, she came to move in with me and my dad after her parents died. Their kingdom has been very sad, they've all been placed in different locations until Thaila finds someone to marry and become queen. Jason, her younger brother is next in the throne if Thaila dies and doesn't have kids, but I doubt he'll get a chance to be king because you wouldn't want to mess with Thaila. "Hey kelp head" She grinned leaning on a wall. "Pine cone face" I grinned back opening my door. "Where were you today? Annabeth told me you went with Chiron and that he offered you to become a knight" She said walking in my room and sat on my bed. "Yeah, went out to get-" "A new sword" She said pointing at my waist. "Yeah, it's called Riptide" I said putting it next to my bed. "So you named your sword, yeah the still same Percy I know" She sighed and grinned. "Shut up, no, that's what it's called, you know I've heard legends of this sword, fighting in many wars and it's pretty good" I sat down next to her taking off my suit. "Jason told me that he is also becoming a knight as well, maybe you can spar against each other someday" she grinned, "Maybe make a fool of him, make that ego of his go"