AN: Hey guys, I'm back with another fanfic. This time, Percico. This is my first Percy Jackson fanfic so please go easy on me. Disclaimer: I NO OWN ANYTHING! If I did, Percico would be canon. This ignores Blood of Olympus. This is dedicated to Takara Phoenix. I love her stories especially her Percico/Nicercy. Please read and review and I might write more. Enough said. ON WITH THE STORY! -Z out Nico laid on his back on Half-Blood Hill, his hands behind his head. It had been a few years since the war with Gaea and he had lost Hazel. He became more withdrawn. Percy did his best to help the son of Hades but it just made it worse. Nico was still in love with the son of Poseidon. He had tried to move on with Will but it wasn't working out so he broke it off. Nico sighed and sat up. Percy and Annabeth had broken up because their relationship was falling apart and during the time in Tartarus, hey had drifted apart. Yet, Nico knew that Percy would never like him back. He was straight and only thought of Nico as a little brother. "Hey, Nico!" said the voice of Jason Grace. Nico glared at him. "What do you want, Grace?" he asked bitterly. Jason just smiled. "Nothing, just wanting to talk to you." He said sitting down next to the son of Hades. No one said anything for a few moments until Jason broke the silence. "You know that I'll always be here for you, right?" he asked, his voice soft and steady. Nico nodded but stayed quiet. "You can always come to me if you want to talk." "I know, Jason!" Nico finally said, his voice was quiet. Jason could hear the sadness and pain in his voice. He sighed and just sat there, keeping him company. After about an hour, the bell signaled that it was time for dinner. Jason stood up and extended a hand to him. "Come on, let's go to dinner." He said. Nico nodded and grabbed his hand and let Jason pull him up. Nico stretched, his aviator jacket still on the ground beside him. Jason picked it up and handed it to him. "Thanks." Nico said pulling it on. The two demigods started walking towards the dining hall. As soon as they entered, a few campers started whispering. Nico and Jason headed to their separate tables. Nico got his food and scraped some of it into the flames for his father before taking a seat at the Hades table. Being the only living child of Hades left, Nico sat alone. He looked up and locked eyes with the son of Poseidon from across the hall. Percy gave him a smile and a small wave. Nico just nodded then looked away. He missed the look of longing Percy gave him. "What's up, Seaweed Brain?" Annabeth asked seeing the way Percy had looked at the son of Hades. Percy looked up at her and shrugged. "I'm fine, Annie." Percy said, not giving any hint that he wasn't. Annabeth raised her eyebrow disbelievingly. "Go talk to him." She said sternly. He shook his head. "No, he already hates my guts." He said, looking over at Nico. He and Annabeth had broken up a year ago, claiming it too painful to stay together. They had agreed that they weren't meant for each other. A few weeks after the breakup, Percy came out as gay. It shocked most of camp since they expected Percy and Annabeth to be perfect for each other. Soon, Percy had started to take an interest in the black-haired son of Hades. He had seen Nico train and Percy was amazed at how much Nico had grown. He had become very lean and well-built. His skin had regained its olive color and his hair had grown. He still wore his black skinny jeans and skull t-shirt. His skull ring was always on his index finger of his right hand. His aviator jacket was worn out. His Stygian iron sword always at his side. Percy sighed and just looked at Nico. He also realized how much he had changed. He no longer was the curious 10-year-old that was pestering him with questions. He had contributed to helping defeat Gaea. He had risked his life so many times for Percy. Percy looked at his best friend then stood up. He started walking towards the Hades table, but Nico was already walking out the door. Percy followed him and called "Nico, wait up!" Nico stopped but didn't turn around to look at him. Percy walked up and put a hand on his shoulder "Can I help you, Jackson?" Nico asked bitterly. Percy's heart sank at both the use of his last name and the bitterness in Nico's voice. "I was wondering if we could talk." Percy said. Nico finally turned around. "Alone." Percy said. "Ok, Let's go to my cabin." Nico said leading Percy to the Hades cabin. He unlocked the door and let Percy in then closed the door behind the two of them. He turned to Percy and waited for him to start speaking. Percy took a deep breath and opened his mouth. "Have you been interested in getting a boyfriend?" he asked. Nico quirked a brow at the son of Poseidon. "Yes I have." He said. Percy seemed to brighten. "Do you have someone in mind?" he asked. Nico nodded. "Is it someone I know?" Nico nodded again. Percy felt a pang of jealousy as he imagined Nico in someone else's arms. Percy then gathered up his courage and pulled Nico into a hug. Nico's body stiffened at the contact. Percy buried his face in the crook of Nico's neck. Nico relaxed a little and hesitantly hugged Percy back. Before Nico could register what was happening, Percy's lips were on his own. Percy's lips were soft and smooth. Nico's eyes widened at what was happening and Percy pulled away, blushing. "I-I'm sorry!" Percy said. "I have to go!" Before Nico could blink, Percy ran out of the cabin. Nico sat on his bed and put his head in his hands, his thoughts were going wild. Percy ran through the camp, determined to find Annabeth. He felt something small crash into him. He stopped and looked down. Leo was on the ground. "Sorry, Leo. I wasn't looking where I was going." He said extending a hand towards the son of Hephaestus. Leo grabbed it and Percy pulled him up. He saw the blush on Percy's cheeks and he chuckled. "You ok, Perce?" Leo asked. Percy shook his head. "Is it Nico?" Percy nodded again. "I kissed him." Percy muttered. Leo's eyes widened and he started giggling. Leo had always known that Percy and Nico had crushes on each other but he kept quiet since he wanted them to learn on their own. Leo then smirked. "How did it feel? How did Nico react?" Leo threw question after question at him. "Leo, calm down." Percy hissed. Leo took a breath and calmed. "I didn't see Nico's reaction. I ran out before he could react." Leo just grinned like an idiot and hugged Percy tightly. After he let go he waved then ran to his cabin. Percy sighed and headed for the lake. He put his feet in the water, the cool water calming him. "Now he'll hate me for sure." Percy muttered. Nico laid on his bed with his eyes closed. "Percy kissed me." He said. His thoughts were interrupted by a knock on the door. He opened the door and saw Jason standing there. "You ok?" he asked worriedly. Nico ushered him in and closed the door behind him. "Percy kissed me." He said simply. Jason's jaw dropped and he stared at Nico. "He what?" he asked. Not believing what he just heard. "Percy kissed me." Nico said again. Jason shook his head. "Are you kidding me?" Jason asked. Nico shook his head. "I'm just as surprised as you are." He said. "I thought Percy was straight." Jason said. Nico nodded in agreement. Jason shook his head in disbelief before standing up and leaving. He waved to Nico before leaving and closing the door behind him, muttering something about finding Percy. Nico just laid back down and fell asleep. Jason found Percy sitting near the lake. "Hey, Perce." He greeted. "Hey, Jason." Percy muttered back. He felt the son of Jupiter sit down next to him. "What's wrong?" Jason asked. "I made a big mistake. I kissed Nico. Now I know he hates me." "Well give him some space. I'm sure he's quite shocked about your action." Jason kept quiet about the fact that he talked to the son of Hades. Percy nodded. "I think we both need some space." Jason nodded. "Why don't you take a break from camp? Visit your mom. I'm sure she'd be thrilled to see you." He said. Percy mood brightened at the mention of his mother. Sally Jackson-Blofis, in his opinion, was the most wonderful person in the world. She was sweet, caring, brave, strong, and smart. Percy nodded happily and raced off to tell Chiron. Jason smiled and went to his cabin. The son had gone down when Annabeth went to check on Percy. She entered his cabin and found him packing. "Where are you going?" she asked as she quirked a brow at the giant duffle on the ground. Percy ran around, throwing things into the bag. "I'm leaving for a while." He said "I'm going to visit my mom." Annabeth nodded. "What happened with Nico? Weren't you going to talk to him?" Percy stopped packing. "That's why I'm leaving. I'm giving him some space." He said. Annabeth smacked her forehead with her palm. "Percy Jackson, you need to resolve this and tell Nico that you're in love with him." She said crossing her arms. Percy blushed. "Well, Wise Girl, I will tell him. Just not now. I'll tell him when I get back." "There is a good chance that he may not even be here when you get back." She said remembering how the son of Hades had a habit of running away. Percy stopped and turned to her. "Well I just hope he doesn't." he said "Because I'm leaving tomorrow morning." Annabeth nodded and stood up, heading to the door. "Please don't tell him." He said. Annabeth sighed but nodded and closed the door when she left. Percy finished his packing and went to sleep. Nico woke up to an Iris Message from his father. "Nico, come to the underworld immediately. I need some favors from you, son." Hades said before cutting off the connection. Nico rolled his eyes before starting to pack. After he had finished packing, he shouldered his bag and went to the big house to tell Chiron. \ "And you don't know when you'll be back?" Chiron asked. Nico shook his head. "Knowing my father, he might keep me there for more than a week." Chiron nodded before leaving to the mess hall. Nico sighed before going back to his cabin. He retreated into a corner and let the shadows wrap around him. Percy arrived at his mother's house and he knocked on the door. A woman opened the door. The woman had long brown hair and warm brown eyes. She smiled and hugged her son. "Percy, it's been so long. How are you?" She asked inviting him in and closing the door behind him. "I'm good. Where's Paul?" he asked noticing the absence of his stepfather. "He's at work." Sally said kissing her son's forehead. Percy wrapped his arms around his mother in a hug. "I'm so confused, mom." He said into her shoulder. "Why?" she asked stroking Percy's messy black hair. "You remember Nico Di Angelo, right?" he asked She nodded "He came for your birthday, right? Poor thing looked so skinny." Percy couldn't help but smile at his mother's instincts to take care of