SO. I now own Earth and Water. Remus knows. Money exchanged hands or something. I'm changing a fair bit, though. Summary: Poseidon had a daughter instead of a son. How does that change Fate? fem!Percy, femslash, Pertemia. One of a kind pairing. Warning: Mentions of nonconsensual intercourse with a child, violent and graphic deaths, eventual fem!Pertemia, femslash, maybe some slash, swearing. Fair warning: I may get gritty, but I still don't own PJatO. If I owned the gods, there would be some seriously fucked up shit running around on Earth. And far fewer people in general... Let me tell you a story. A story about Poseidon's first demigod daughter. A story about love of an odd sort. A tale of how a shattered, reborn goddess changed the world. How something as odd as compatibility made such a difference.. Turn your eyes towards these pages, and see the tale of Persephone Alexia Jackson, daughter of Poseidon, unravel before your eyes. What you read will not always be pretty. In fact, you may be sick a few times. But this is her life, as Ananke and the Moirai ordained. Let me tell you her tale... Persephone Alexia Jackson was a kind, sweet, and compassionate little girl. Despite being only eight, she knew what she wanted to do. Young Alexia wanted to save the world from itself. Ironically, she was fated to do just that. But life was not easy for her. Her mother, the kindest mortal woman on Earth, was married to the cruelest mortal man the world could offer. Alexia truly hated him. She despised all the things he represented, and swore she would make sure he would burn in whatever hell existed, and she would see his kind of person erased from the planet. She was only nine when the worst day of her life came to pass. Alexia had suffered more than any child should ever suffer that day. She had come home, only to find her stepfather heavily drunk, and blood smeared over the apartment they lived in. Her mother was laying on the floor, cut up in several places, with her neck and spine twisted at a sickening angle. His fat, greasy hands had grabbed her the second she stepped in the door, and threw her to the floor. The drunk, abusive, murdering asshole raped her that day. Alexia was scared, and hurting. And then, things began to happen. Hands of earth and blood rose into the apartment, and grasped Gabriel Ugliano. In that moment, Alexia tore into him with those hands. The wooden beams in the floor rose up and pierced his feet. His skull was held in place while a hand of blood reached into his body, and grasped his spine, before ripping it out. Another hand reached into his ribs and squeezed his heart, before spreading stone and magma to envelop and fill his lungs. Then, the small hands of Alexia dug into his eye sockets, and pulled them out, before magma replaced them. His legs and arms were torn off and replaced by sharp stone spikes. Another spike suddenly impaled him in the skull, and killed him. All of this happened in a span of fifteen seconds, with the man screaming in pain the entire time until his lungs were melted. Then Alexia ran, caked in unspeakable things and blood, bleeding, sore, and upset. The minute her feet touched the grass outside, dirt sprung up to cover her body, and led her to the nearby forest. There, she was found by a pair of wood nymphs, who, sensing something great within her, decided to take her in and raise her. Alexia spent the next six years living as royalty in a forest in Maine. While nobody bowed to her anymore(as she commanded all of nature, and used that power when she told them to stop), she was still showered with lavish gifts from all kinds of nature spirits. A bow made of the finest branch of an old pine tree was her favorite. The pine tree was made by Zeus to contain his only demigod daughter, and Alexia had allowed her to come out of the tree at night in return. But by day, she had to return, or the spell would end. She and the girl were good friends, but the girl had managed to vanish a few months ago, leaving Alexia alone with no friends around her age. The bow was enchanted to fire arrows of lightning that could either chain lightning bolts between arrows or split on command, and was Alexia's weapon of choice. She wielded a pair of bronze hunting knives as a secondary weapon. Alexia was regal in her appearance. She wore a hellhound pelt styled as a Huntress' uniform, but hers was black, and covered in bronze dragon scales from an Aethiopian Drakon. Her bow was always over her shoulder, and her knives were ever present on her thighs. Her shoulder-length hair was a very deep brown, almost black, and her eyes a deep forest green that seemed to churn like the sea, while her skin was a tanned olive color, as if she had spent her life as a surfer. A bright green nature spirit entered the earthen cave she called home, and Alexia smiled at her. It was Agathe, her oldest friend and handmaiden. "Milady, several demigods and Lady Artemis and her Hunters are approaching a nearby clearing. What do we do, my queen," the nymph said. Alexia's smile fell slightly, and her eyes hardened. "I will greet them. If any of them attack me, or if I do not return by daybreak on the morrow, assume I am gone," she said. Alexia stood, and looked about her cave before she took the spirit's hand. "You have served me well, Agathe," she said as she gently leaned in and kissed her handmaiden softly on the lips. She and Agathe had been friends since they were young, and were a rather odd pair. They weren't a couple, but they did things couple usually did. The spirit smiled and touched her queen's cheeks with a gentle hand. "Return soon, Milady," Agathe the nature spirit said, still smiling. Alexia and she were close, and did love one another. But the Greeks had many words for love. Alexia was not in love with Agathe, nor vice versa. They were closer than most friends, but both knew the extent of their feelings, and the kiss they had just shared was one of comfort. It was merely an 'I will return' kiss. As the earth reached up to envelop her queen, Agathe realized how envious she was of the woman who could steal her gentle queen's heart. Alexia arrived in time to see the Manticore begin firing his poisonous spikes at a male demigod. Two more were approaching fast, and two others were hiding a ways away. The earth rose at her command and stopped the spikes, but enveloped the boy in a dome. She just knew he'd be trouble. "There shall be no violence within my domain, Manticore. You are well aware of the rules I enforce in my woods," she said. Her tone brooked no argument, and was laced with her power as the Queen of Nature. The Manticore stammered as he saw her, his pallor paling rapidly, and he stepped back slightly. "I-I'm s-so-sorry! M-my mas-master g-gave me a j-job to d-do, an-and I had to do it! This demigod attacked me first," he said. Alexia smiled softly at him, before petting his cheek. The monster subconsciously nuzzled her hand, her powers lulling the heterochromatic monster into a state of calm. She could calm smarter monsters down, but not the more mindless ones, like the Minotaur. "As you are alive, Thorn, it seems like he is either a horrible demigod, or you are lying." Thorn was still stammering when a hunting horn resounded and the other two demigods arrived. They charged the Manticore, but Alexia sunk their feet into the Earth. The girls had brought a Satyr, who was looking in awe at Alexia. Alexia smiled at him and sighed gently. "Stop staring. I know good and well that you are aware of who I am, Satyr. What is your name," Alexis said. The Satyr tried to bow but Alexia commanded the earth to stop him from bowing. Girls in silver began to appear, with their bows drawn and arrows notched. "Grover, my queen," he said. The blonde girl was staring at her curiously, with her grey eyes glinting. The other girl was somebody she knew, Thalia Grace. As punishment for banishing without a word, Alexia ignored her friend. "Welcome to my domain, Grover. As this is a place of peace, Hunters of Artemis, I would ask you to lower your bows." There was some rustling of leaves before a girl with a silver tiara, black hair and eyes, as well as a girl with silver eyes and auburn hair stepped out, bows down. Alexia turned away from them, and looked at the Manticore. "Thorn! Report your failure to your master. That is my punishment to you for both lying to me and attacking somebody in my home," Alexia said, knowing full well he served Kronos, and that the Titan was very displeased with failure. The Manticore panicked and fired several spikes at the gathered group, but all were blocked by a wall of stone, and silver arrows made the monster become a porcupine before he exploded into a shower of golden dust, leaving only a pair of vials behind. Alexia gathered them and handed them to the nearest Huntress. Their kill, their loot. She had no use for Manticore Venom, anyways. Alexia frowned momentarily, and shifted the earth so that the dust was buried, before making a small stone cave in the earth open up, already furnished with stone furniture. She then turned to the others. "You may wish to tell your Hunters to set up camp. I expect you have a few questions, Lady Artemis. Thalia, get the young demigods and bring them here. Daughter of Athena, help her explain the world to them. Gods know how Thalia gets with people and incessant questions. Grover, Lady Artemis, and the last girl here, follow me. Oh, and Thalia? It is wonderful to know you have not died," Alexia said. Thalia was a daughter of Zeus, and had black hair and electric blue eyes. She was dressed in punk clothes, and wore her Death to Barbie shirt, which made Alexia smile. She still hadn't changed, Alexia decided, her smile softening at the slightly red girl. Thalia hugged her, and smiled at the other girl. "Well, me not being a tree kind of puts a dampener on how easy you can contact me. Hurry and finish your business, Alexia. We have to catch up," Thalia said. Alexia smiled more, an almost invisible dusting of pink crossing her cheeks. "Later, my friend. I promise," she said. Thalia and the blonde girl left, and Alexia looked at the dome of earth. The boy inside was yelling profanities, and she could hear them all, as the dome was made from her power. She grimaced as he hurled a particularly vicious insult at her. Blocking the voice out, she led the trio of a Satyr, a goddess, and a Hunter into her cave. "Make yourselves comfortable. Grover, there are tin cans next to the meats. Please refrain from being akin to the last Satyr to come through here and eating my wooden furniture. Lady Artemis? You may start asking questions now." The goddess' mouth opened, but it closed again quickly. "Who are you," she finally asked after a short while. Alexia smiled at her. "Alexia Jackson, Queen of Nature. I am fifteen, and my godly parent is unknown." Artemis frowned, sensing that she wasn't telling the entire truth. 'So she knows who her parent is, but she obviously has no love for them,' the maiden goddess thought, her eyes narrowing in speculation. "Queen