So some of you may remember an author named Thrymja Freki (Now under Remus Arcturus). Well, recently I got into contact with him, and adopted his story There's a Storm A'Comin! I'll be making it better. Going over every detail, making it more badass and longer. Thrymja/Remus also apologizes for not coming back to , saying he was moving on from writing, and he was giving everyone the right to rework his works. So, without further ado, TaSA'C! Summary: When I signed up to be a demigod, I wasn't expecting this. Hell. I wasn't expecting to be so fuckin important, either. But NOTHING could have prepared me for this shit. I mean, why the fuck do two insanely pretty girls like me, Percy 'Sawblade' Jackson, Manhattan's punk kid? I don't own the story or the universe, nor the bands mentioned. Silent Masquerade is owned by Remus Arcturus. Uh, hi. I dunno why I'm doing this. It's stupid. I'm Percy Sawblade Jackson. Sawblade isn't really my middle name. I don't have one. But I got the nickname Sawblade after my first idiot step-father decided to cut me up with one. I still have a scar over my right rib, collar bone, and eye from the fucker. I was ten. My mom, Sally Jackson, subsequently neutered him with a pair of old, dull, and rusty garden shears. Yeah. Mom can be scary at times. He went to prison, and we moved across the city. She married again. A jerk named Gabe. Always bugged me for cash, even when I had none. Currently, I went to Yancy Academy. I had no hair on the left and right side of my head, and kept my face clean and shaved. The top and back of my head were arranged in a two inch tall mohawk, all black with auburn tips. My eyebrows had auburn ends, as well. I was 16, now. I stood at an impressive 6'3" tall, and was thin, but muscular. My eyes were sea-green. I wore a black Cannibal Corpse shirt, a black leather jacket over it, black denim pants, and a black leather belt with silver studs. I also wore black combat boots. My bottom lip had snake bite piercings, and my ears had a gauge the size of the head of a sixteen penny nail. I had one best friend, Grover Underwood. Small guy. Curly black hair, a wiry goatee, and a muscle disease in his legs. Kept him out of Gym class till eternity, and would not be noticed if an enchilada existed within his sniffer range. Yeah. G-man was odd like that. Oh! That reminds me. Today, we're going to a Greek History museum. And Grover was nervous as a straight man in a gay bar. No idea why... We stood in front of a giant grave marker, and the Latin Teacher, Mr. Brunner, was going on about it. I read a lot, despite being dyslexic(I found out I could read Ancient Greek, and ordered my books in that language, and translated when I had to. I could speak it just as well as English, now.), and was good at reading people. Mr. Brunner was doing a decent job of hiding it, but he apparently knew the girl. Which seemed impossible, but I discarded impossible like trash. Impossible wasn't a cyclops stalking me when I was thirteen, or me petting a giant dog the size of a car. Nor was my apparent cryokinesis, and hydrokinesis. Yep. I can control water and ice. It became a joy of mine, and I later made money off it, pretending it was a parlor trick. I had been saving up since I was ten, and had around four grand in a bank account. It was hidden from Gabe, and I used it when Mom needed cash, or we went to Montauk for a weekend. "Mr. Jackson! Enlighten the class on the meaning of the images on the seele," Mr. Brunner called. I jerked, and looked at it. "That's Kronos, Titan King, eating his kids, Hades and Poseidon. He never ate Chiron, or his daughters, because Chiron wasn't a god, and Kronos's mother, Gaia, said one of his male god kids would overthrow him and rule Olympus. His wife, Rhea, replaced baby Zeus with a baby sized rock, and he was his away and trained with his domain: Lightning. "When Zeus got older, he fed his dad a mustard and wine combination, and Kronos orally excreted his older sons. Then they fought, and Zeus cut Kronos to shreds with his own scythe, and spread him over the world. Then Zeus and Poseidon shortchanged Hades, and banished him from Olympus. Then Zeus became overly paranoid, and imprisoned all of Titan-kind, for the reason of lineage." Thunder boomed as I talked. I blinked. There were no clouds outside when we came in. Under my breath, I muttered, "Ozone Breath." Thunder boomed louder, and my ears rang a bit. "Right... We best move along," the handicapped teacher said, looking pointedly at me, as Grover got even more nervous. Oh yeah, something was up. I followed the class, but was shocked when the chick next to me fell into a fountain, having slipped on the wet floor. "Percy, why'd you push me," she cried out. I froze and rose an eyebrow. "Honey, come with me." Shit.. I turned, and followed my math teacher. She was Mrs. Dodds, a mean old lady who hated my guts. She was from Georgia, and wore a leather jacket. I pitied the jacket. We stepped into an empty room, and my stomach flipped at the familiarity of the situation. I tensed, preparing to run. "Did you honestly think you would get away with it, demigod?" I blinked, not expecting that. Usually, I was attacked without dialogue. And they never called me Demigod. Only Halfbreed and Godling. "Can we start over? I'm not a demigod. Just a punk street performer." She merely glared, and began to shift into a fiery bat. "Where is it!? Where is the Lightning Bolt?!" She charged me, and I hit the deck. I swiped my hand left, and the air responded. A row of three water spikes formed, and became ice, before firing at the bat lady in front of me. A tingle in the back of my mind allowed me to duck before a fiery whip scorched the air where my head had been. "What ho, Percy!" I turned to see Mr. Brunner throw me a pen. I caught it, and the fight lulled to a temporary halt as I stared at the weapon. What now? Write her an essay and hope she dies from boredom? I uncapped it instinctively, and didn't bother reacting when it became a three foot long sword in my hand. It felt heavy, but balanced, albeit barely. I swung it down, and up, testing it. The bat lady charged me again, so I chilled the air around her, dimming her fires, before slashing down. She exploded into gold dust before my very eyes. I turned, only to see Mr. Brunner had vanished. I re-capped the pen, and pocketed it. I had a feeling it wasn't over yet. A few days later, I found out I was right. Turns out, Mrs. Dodds was a Fury, from the Fields of Punishment. And Greek Mythology was real. I was currently riding proof. I had a wrapped a chain around the Minotaur's mouth like a horse's bridle, and was holding on for dearest life. In a rainstorm, no less. So my strength wasn't exactly waning. I spotted a group of people gaping at me, and I sighed mentally. Useless dicks... An idea hit me. I was weaponless, having lost my sword in the recent car crash. But I was not defenceless. I gathered as much rain as I could without passing out, and made it into ice. And impaled the bull-man in the groin and eye. Tossing one end of the chain over the left horn, I tugged. The horn broke free, and I caught it as it flew into the air. I waited until it stopped moving, out of exhaustion, and stabbed the horn down, into the spot where it's spine met it's skull. I fell, as the Minotaur below me exploded into gold dust. I laid there to rest, and only just missed the experience of being killed. The sky began to glow, and I rolled to the side just as a lightning bolt slammed into the ground where I was. The force of the blast threw me into a pine tree. And THEN I was allowed to pass out. As that happened, I idly wondered if my duffel bag of clothes was fine. The next thing I knew, I was in a weird dream. I was on a cloud, or something similar. It was wet, and white, and cold as a corpse, yet harder than rock. Beside me was a girl with black, pixie cut hair, dressed similar to me, but in leather pants and a shirt that said 'Death to Barbie', and she had electric blue eyes. She looked to be about a year or two older than me. "Who the fuck're you? And where the fuck'm I," I eloquently stated. The girl raised an eyebrow. "Thalia Grace. You're in my tree. My dad decided to send you to Hades, but he missed. You got tossed and blacked out," she said. Oh. "Your tree?" "I got turned into a tree by my dad. He could have blasted the cyclops, but decided to make me into dryad, instead. My dad's Zeus, by the way." I blinked, and sat down. "Percy. Dunno who my dad is, and I just killed the Minotaur. As far as I'm aware, I could be the son of a water person. I can do this, though." I raised my hand, and a spout of water rose a foot into the air. I chilled it into ice, and made the ice melt into a rose. "Ice sculpting?" Her eyes were skeptical, and her tone was like 'And you ENJOY that?'. "Hydro and cryokinesis, actually. But that rose won't melt." "Oh." My vision began to blacken, and looked at the punk girl in front of me. "Looks like you're waking up. Come visit me some time, Snowball." Snowball? I am not a Snowball! "Will do. And it's Sawblade, you overcharged battery! Not Snowball." She flipped me the bird, and I smirked as the world went black, then colored. I woke up to being spoon fed pudding by a girl with blonde hair and grey eyes. "You can stop. How long was I out," I said, after I swallowed the pudding. My eyes opened all the way. "A day. Come on. We don't have all day to waste." Her tone was sharp and envious, bordering on hatred. I was a bit surprised at her immediate hatred of me, but followed her anyways, after picking up my duffel bag, that was right beside my bed, unharmed. I felt my clothes inside it, and a new addition, a bone white horn the length of my forearm. However, I felt the distinct lack of a physical weapon. "Where's my sword," I asked the girl. "Locked up." That set me off, like a match in a methane deposit. "And what the fuck gives you the right to lock up my shit," I growled, an icicle forming over my shoulder. The deadly spike began to spin. "Because it wasn't yours, and you probably stole it." I lost it, and fired the icicle into her hair. A few strands were cut, and she turned to me, drawing a knife on me as she did. "Listen, bitch. I ain't stole no fucking weapons. I could, but why the hell should I? I have the very fucking air you breathe as a weapon." To demonstrate my point, I held her knife up, and froze her hands. With more than a little satisfaction, I watched her eyes widen, as I felt