Rating: G Disclaimer: Frodo and all recognisable characters are the property of the Estate of J.R.R. Tolkien. No offence is intended, nor profit made. A/N: While this is as canon-consistent as I can make it, it is AU to my other stories. Summary: Hurt/Comfort. It is Coronation time in Minas Tirith and Frodo reluctantly accepts the help of his friends. (Written for Febobe, for the Spring 2006 Frodo Fic Exchange) OLD SORROWS It was during the celebratory feast, the evening of the Coronation, when it dawned on Frodo. He overheard Faramir answer Pippin's questions about Gondorian dates, and he suddenly realized what he had forgotten. For the first time in thirty-eight years, it had completely slipped his mind. It had not even occurred to him once, the whole of yesterday. The enormity of it hit him like a wave, and he felt the blood drain from his face, felt his stomach give a lurch. How could he forget? Merry and Sam noticed the change in his demeanor immediately. Simultaneously, Merry said "Frodo, what's wrong?" as Sam asked "Mr. Frodo! Are you all right?" Pippin turned in concern, from his conversation with Faramir. Frodo could feel Aragorn's eyes on him, saw Gandalf give him a shrewd look beneath his bushy brows, noticed the concern as Legolas and Gimli turned in his direction. The other feasters, however, noticed nothing. He tried to force a bit of normalcy in his voice. "Nothing is wrong," he said with dignity. "I just find the room a bit close; and there are a good many people-more than I am used to recently. I believe I shall go ahead and retire." He made to clamber down from the chair. Four had been prepared for the hobbits, with extra rungs across the two front legs, to assist in climbing up and down, and cushions, secured by ties to the back of the chair, to raise them up to table height. "I'll come with you Mr. Frodo." Sam started to get down from his own perch. "No, Sam, you stay here and enjoy the feast. I'll get a bit of fresh air, and then go to the chamber they've prepared for me." Frodo had been nervous about sleeping alone in a room in a strange place, but now he began to think that it might be a good idea. At least he wouldn't be keeping the other hobbits awake. He felt certain that he was in for a more than usually restless night. Merry and Sam followed him with their eyes, and then looked at one another. Sam gave a shrug, and Merry a brief nod, acknowledging that either of them trying to follow him now would only create an embarrassing scene for everyone. Pippin still made as if to get down, but Merry stayed him with a hand on his arm. "Leave it, Pip. We will check on him before we turn in for the night." Aragorn had also watched him leave. He had a feeling it was more than just weariness of the day. He was all too aware of how far Frodo had come in his recovery, and how much further he had yet to go. He looked up and met Gandalf's eyes, and saw there his own fear mirrored-that Frodo would never completely recover. He wished that he could go after Frodo, but that was impossible; this was his coronation feast, and if he left now, this early, it would cause a good deal of unpleasant speculation about the new High King. He allowed Éomer to distract him with a question, and did his best to put his small friend from his mind for the time being. He would check on him later. Frodo managed to walk carefully and slowly, upright and without obviously showing his distress. He knew he wasn't fooling his cousins or Sam, but they couldn't come after him right away without making a scene. He exited the feasthall onto a wide terrace, where he stopped to take some deep breaths. It still amazed him to be able to breathe air that was not foul with the poisons of the Dark Land. Hopefully the fresh air would still the turmoil in his belly, and allow the whirl of thoughts to calm. He needed to think. He had said he would retire. Yet where in this great maze of stone, were the chambers set aside for the hobbits? How would he find them? He needed to lie down soon. How could he have forgotten? He felt the tears threatening to overwhelm him once more, and his stomach began to rebel again. Hoping against hope that there were no stragglers from the feast to observe his distress, he lurched to the nearest potted plant, and began to retch, bringing up all he had consumed at the feast. But as he continued to heave, he gave a start when a large and comforting arm was placed around him. "Frodo," said a gentle voice, and he found his face being wiped by a clean handkerchief. Embarrassed beyond belief to have been found this way, he turned tear-filled eyes on his rescuer. "M-my Lord Elrohir?" he guessed. He saw the other brother standing behind, a concerned look on his fair face. Frodo thought it might be Lord Elrohir next to him, for he seemed to remember that Lord Elladan was the one clad in blue, and the twin who knelt beside him was clad in grey. Elrohir nodded. Elladan stepped forward. "Frodo, I shall go and fetch Estel-" "No!" Frodo cried sharply, earning an identical look of shock from both the twins. "No, please, do not fetch anyone. It will cause too much notice. Please." He whispered, "All I would like to do is go to my chambers and try to sleep…" Gently, Elrohir picked him up. "Please forgive my presumption, Frodo," he said quietly, "but I do not believe you are strong enough to walk the distance to your chambers. I am sorry." He spoke quietly and though Frodo should have felt humiliated at being carried like a faunt , he could not feel angry in the face of such humble practicality. For an instant, he felt another wave of nausea. He bit his lip, and forced it away. Elladan spoke to his brother. "I believe I know where the chambers assigned to the hobbits are." "Lead the way," said Elrohir, holding Frodo gently against his shoulder. The sensation of being carried was not one Frodo thought he could get used to, but it was not unpleasant to be enfolded by strong and safe arms. He could feel as they went up stairs-several landings of stairs. On what floor had they been placed? Hobbits certainly were not used to sleeping so high up. But, he told himself, it was not so perilous a height as the Endless Stair to Cirith Ungol. He heard Elladan's voice, apparently speaking to some servant or guard placed on the floor, asking which of the chambers belonged to the Lord Frodo. He could not summon enough strength even to be indignant at this use of his unwanted title. His stomach empty, he began now to feel an increasing throbbing behind his temples. He would soon have a headache, a raging one, he feared. He hoped that Elrohir would leave him in the dark, where he could be alone in his misery. The servant went before them with a candle, and Elladan turned down the bed. Frodo found himself being placed there in the wide expanse of linen and blankets. At first, he thought that he would be granted his wish of being left alone. He felt the covers pulled up over him gently, and the candle was blown out, and he heard steps going away and the door shut. But then he heard the sound of water being poured, and he felt the bed give, as someone sat next to him. His head had begun to pound. But a large and gentle hand brushed across his brow, and then he felt a cool wet cloth placed over his brow. He heard the brothers hold a brief whispered conversation in Sindarin. His head hurt too much for him to be able to translate, though he caught one or two words, they conveyed nothing to him in his miserable state. He heard the door close once more, and then Elrohir began to sing to him softly. xxxxxxx The feast had begun to break up, guests were leaving, and at last those who had watched with worried eyes Frodo leave the feasthall were free to speak of their fears. "Strider," said Merry, "we need to go see if Frodo is all right. He was pretending, I know he was." "Aye," put in Sam. "I know he were more than just 'tired'." "What are we waiting for?" asked Pippin impatiently. "Let's go." In spite of being worried himself, Aragorn found himself amused at the hobbits. When it came to Frodo, they had no compunction whatsoever in issuing orders to the High King. He certainly was in no danger of becoming over-comfortable in his power as long as he had hobbits around. Gandalf had been having a few words with Faramir, and turned back to the little group. "I, too, noticed something more in his demeanor. Something upset him." Just then, Legolas and Gimli came up, with Elladan at their side. The Dwarf and Elf had gone to the terrace, where Gimli was having a pipe, when Elladan found them. "Estel-" he began, and all of them turned to him, "Elrohir and I found Frodo being sick. Elrohir is with him now in the hobbit's chamber. But he has no herbs or anything with him. And something seems to be distressing the Ringbearer a good deal." "Take us there," said Merry. He was not going to stand on any ceremony if Frodo was sick. When they all arrived at Frodo's door, they halted. Aragorn looked at all of the rest of them, and shook his head. "We do not all need to go crowding in there at once." He glanced at the hobbits. The three of them exchanged a look, and then Merry nodded. "You go, Sam. We'll wait out here for our turn." Aragorn turned to Pippin. "Pippin, please go to the Houses of Healing." He reached in his pouch and pulled out a small leaf of parchment and a silverpoint stylus, and wrote quickly. "Take this to the herb-master, and bring these back to me." Pippin took it with a tiny bow, and then flew down the passage as though he had wings to his feet. xxxxxxx Aragorn and Sam entered the room quietly, where Elrohir still sat, holding Frodo's hand and singing softly in Sindarin. "How is he, my brother?" Aragorn asked in that same language. "He seems very melancholy and distressed, Estel. He has a headache, and earlier his stomach rebelled and he lost his meal." Elrohir stood up, and surrendered his place to Aragorn. "Frodo," Aragorn said gently, smoothing back the dark curls from his sweaty brow. "Please won't you tell us what is wrong?" Sam took hold of Frodo's hand as he sat with him on the edge of the bed. He gave it a squeeze. "Mr. Frodo, can't you tell me?" "There's nothing to say," he whispered. "That cursed Ring!" Sam exclaimed. "It's not the Ring," was the unexpected response. "It has nothing to do with the Ring." xxxxxxx Pippin raced through the halls of the Houses of Healing, until he came to the herb-master's chambers. He had been here once or twice before. He pounded on the door. "Just a moment! Just a moment!" came a querulous voice. Pippin heard a bolt draw back and the door opened suddenly. "Why, it's the Ernil I Pheriannath! What is the urgency?" Pippin took out the scrap of parchment. "King Elessar asks that I bring him these, immediately! My cousin, Lord Frodo the Ringbearer, is ill!" The herb-master took the small