(Written for the LOTR GFIC Yule Fic Exchange, for Celeritas) Title: The Annals of the West, Part I Author: Dreamflower Recipient: Celeritas AKA labourslamp Request: I'd like to see your take on the after-life of any of the Great Tales that make up Tolkien's legendarium and were written down for our (eventual) reading. What kinds of people wrote them down? Who made sure-and how-that they survived at all, let alone managed to reach Tolkien? I don't care which tale or era you choose to highlight (or even a collection?)-anything from Cuivienen* to that mysterious extra volume of the Red Book made by the Fairbairns-and I don't care which stage of the stories' lives you focus on (if you choose one at all!)-creation, transmission, reception (positive or negative?), duplication, up to translation and publication. Just give me something about manuscripts! *Not the Ainulindalë in this case, since even though the events may have happened earlier, the Elves wouldn't have learned of it till later. Author's Notes: This story turned out much longer than I had any intention of writing. For this reason I have divided it into four main story parts, plus a short epilogue and end notes. The Annals of the West, Part I Merry pursed his lips and took off his spectacles, laying them to one side, and then looked up at his cousin, who sat across from his desk in the Master's study. "You've done a marvelous job with this Celandine. I think that some of it is as good as some of Frodo's work." She blushed at his praise. "It was an honour to work on it, Merry. I am not so sure that any of it is as good as Frodo would have done; after all, he was taught by Cousin Calla! But I am more pleased than not with what I did. And writing the copy was a revelation to me. I have heard some of your story, from you and from Pippin. But this told me more than I ever thought I would know of what Frodo and Mayor Sam experienced." "Well, I am very pleased to have a copy of the Red Book for Brandy Hall at last. And while the binding is not as fancy as the one in the Great Smials, I'd say your illustrations and illuminations put it ahead as far as beauty goes. And your hand is neat and legible through the whole thing. Why, even the original is not so pretty in the parts Cousin Bilbo wrote out. His writing was spidery, to say the least." She chuckled. While Cousin Bilbo's handwriting was legible, that was the best that could be said for it. Frodo had a beautiful hand, an artist's hand. And Samwise Gamgee wrote in a practical round hand that was also attractive, if not artistic. "But as I said, it really was an honour. I only wish I could have understood more of it. There were so many references to ancient history, and people and places of which I've never heard. We hobbits are woefully undereducated about the past." "As I learned on my journey. Fortunately, there was no shortage of Big Folk willing to educate us- though Frodo, of course, knew much more than the rest of us." There was a brief silence, and then Merry patted the book proudly. "I am sure that Moro is glad you have finished. I know it has taken a great deal of your time." "I confess I shall be glad of a break from the work. But he's been very helpful with the children and the smial." She hesitated, and then said, "And you have no other projects for me, then?" Merry shook his head. Was it only his fancy, or did she look just a little disappointed for an instant. But she stood and brushed out her skirts, and said, "Then, Cousin Merry, I shall go find my husband and children and see if they'd care to take a picnic by the riverbank." He rose and nodded a farewell to her, and then sat down thoughtfully behind his desk. No other projects. None for him, either. He had completed Herblore of the Shire several years ago. That was the first commission Celandine had done for him, the watercolours of plants that illustrated the book, and he had been so pleased with her work that he had asked her to scribe and illustrate a copy of the Red Book. The last few years she had worked steadily on it, and he had taken the time to consult her and to describe people and places for her illustrations. Now that was done, and he supposed that now he'd need to concentrate more on running Buckland. Though, as is the way of hobbits, Buckland mostly ran itself if there were no emergencies at hand. He shook his head, and opened the book. "In a hole in the ground there lived a hobbit..." He could still hear those words in Cousin Bilbo's familiar voice, telling the story in the same way he had told it to generations of young hobbits before he left the Shire. Of course, they'd learned the hard way that time and long telling had rubbed the harder edges off Bilbo's story. Frodo's portion of the tale had come sooner, and was a darker and sadder tale, for all that it ended in victory. Merry felt his eyes burn, as he remembered Boromir, and Théoden, and the many others who had lost their lives. And then there were those lost to him by distance. They did not call it the "Sundering Sea" for no reason. He blinked, almost angrily, and closed the book. Then he got up and carried it over to put it upon the bookstand he'd had specially built just for it. Many years ago, Cousin Merimas had succeeded to Uncle Dinny's place as family tutor. He'd have a word with Merimas. None of the Brandybuck younglings should be considered to have finished their education until they each and every one had read every word of it. They would know just what Frodo had sacrificed on their behalf, to keep the Shire as safe as he could. -oo000oo- Brandy Hall Sunday, 7 Halimath, S.R. 1458 My Dear Pip, Brandy Hall's copy of the Red Book is at last finished. Celandine did a marvelous job with the copying as well as the illustrations! I noticed that save for a map of the Shire at the front of the book, that your copy did not have any illustrations. Perhaps when you next visit, you might persuade our cousin to draw a few for the Great Smials edition. At any rate, I am seeing to its return. Perry will be bringing it with him when he comes to visit Fam in a few days. In the meantime, I am making certain that Merimas reads our copy. I wish for the Red Book to become a fixture of study here at Brandy Hall. Don't laugh Pippin! I know that you believe I think too much about these things, but I am worried that Frodo's part in things is in danger of being forgotten entirely. Remember what Sam said the last time we were all together at Lithe? That he overheard a little lass asking her mother "What was a Baggins?" That's almost worse than the stories of "Mad Baggins", which were told about dear old Bilbo. Things are going quite well here in Buckland. The harvest was plentiful, and trade is brisk. Buckland seems to quite run itself, without any interference from me. At times I feel quite superfluous. I look forward to seeing you at Bag End for The Birthday. Estella sends her love to Diamond, and has asked me to enclose that receipt for apple jam that Diamond wished to try. Don't lose it. Love, Merry" Merimas looked thoughtfully at Merry across the desk. "You wish me to make it a requirement that all my pupils should read it, then?" He gestured to the book on its stand. Merry leaned back, and crossed his arms. "Is there a problem with that?" "Only one," Merimas said. "I've yet to read it for myself. I cannot make such a judgement without knowing what's in it. I've heard some of the tales, of course, but that is not at all the same thing, as you well know." "Of course I do. And there is, naturally, a solution to that." Merry arched one brow in challenge. "There is, indeed." Merimas got up, went over to the bookstand, and sat down upon the high stool in front of it. He put his hand on the top of the cover. "It's weighty enough. A hefty tome." Merry chuckled, but then his grey eyes grew serious and he sobered. "It's a weighty tale that it tells." But Merimas had already opened the book and begun to read. -oo000oo- "Great Smials 15 Halimath, S.R. 1458 Dear Merry, Perry arrived yesterday. He's fine and so is our copy of the Red Book. I look forward to seeing yours next time I'm at Brandy Hall. You are bored. You need a new project. Diamond sends her love to you and to Estella, and so do the children. The jam was very good. I will see you at Bag End next week. Love, Pippin" Merry blinked, and then chuckled. Seven whole sentences! Why, Pippin's letters were becoming positively garrulous as he grew older! He read it again, before putting it aside. Was he bored? He had to confess that the small doings of the Hall and of Buckland did not hold his attention as they once had. He had always had a project or two or three in hand as well as his duties as Master. But the copy of the Red Book was finished, he'd said all he could say about the herblore of the Shire, and it was not the time of year to be working in his garden. When Pippin and Diamond had dwelt at Crickhollow with him and Estella, he and Diamond often had work to do in her stillroom during the winter. But Berilac's wife Viola, who was the Hall's healer, would not have welcomed him in hers; she much preferred to do her distillations by herself. His children were at the age when they did not care to spend so much time in his company anymore. He sighed. "Estella, Pippin and Diamond send their love." She looked up at him from her knitting and smiled. "That's nice, dear." She put her needles down in her lap, and asked him, "Are you bored, Merry?" "Pippin says I am," he admitted wryly. "I honestly don't know that I would call it boredom. But I feel at loose ends. The problem is, I do not know what I would do next." Estella rose from her chair, and went behind his chair to drape her arms about his neck, leaning down to drop a kiss on top of his head. His sandy hair was not so light as once it had been for he seldom spent as much time in the sun as he had in his youth, but it was liberally sprinkled now with silver threads. But then her own brown hair had its share of silver as well. She chuckled and whispered in his ear. He looked up at her with a grin. "Well, I suppose that would solve the problem of boredom for a while..." and he allowed her to lead him from the room. -oo000oo- The Gamgees were well-pleased to welcome the Brandybucks for the annual party to celebrate The Birthday. Rose-lass had carted Wyn off almost immediately, full of gossip and excitement, while the younger Gamgees enveloped Dilly. Perry, of course, would be arriving with the Tooks. "I'm expecting them to come up any time now, Merry! Pippin said he'd be here in time for lunch," said Sam, after the two had exchange their first greetings. Rose and Estella had already