Author's Notes: This is the second of three separate stories written at different times that belong together: "Lesson Learned: Spring Flood S.R. 1433", "Hobbit Aid" and "When the Storms of Life Are Raging (Stand by Me)". Dedication: When I wrote my drabble Lesson Learned: Spring Flood S.R. 1433, I had no idea of the fact that in only a few months it would be so applicable to myself. But due to certain events, I recently decided to expand on that drabble. This fic is a work of love and gratitude to a number of my very dear online hobbity friends, who worried so much, and cared so deeply during Hurricane Katrina and its aftermath… HOBBIT AID Merry took another deep breath, to still the pounding of his heart and calm the sinking feeling in the pit of his stomach. He was not going to weep. The Master of Buckland had no time for tears, and moreover, had an example to set for others. The dirty water lapped around his ankles, and he looked at the barricaded door with distaste. More than thirty years ago, his grandfather Rory had begun the process of filling in these back tunnels, a process continued by his father until his death last year. But they were far too extensive to fill in completely. And now, as they had always feared would happen, they had once more flooded, not merely the old tunnels, but clearly the water was seeping into the smial proper. This room, one of the last entries back there on the lowest level, was awash. Once more he fought down the wave of sickness that threatened to overcome him. This was only a minor problem in the larger disaster that had overwhelmed Buckland. An unusual winter, followed by a rainy spring had the Brandywine flowing far higher than usual. And then a few days ago, a vicious storm had dumped even more water-more than any had seen in living memory. The Brandywine had overflowed its banks, and more than overflowed. The waters ran swift and dangerous, and had badly damaged the Stonebow Bridge, and destroyed Bucklebury Ferry. Brandy Hall was packed to the roof beams with hobbit families that had been evacuated there as the water began to rise. Merry didn't even want to think of the many stubborn hobbits who had proclaimed the water would never reach them, and had refused to leave their cottages or holes. More than a dozen bodies had been reclaimed already, and he feared more would soon follow. "Cousin?" Ilberic touched his arm in concern. Sick at heart, Merry turned. "We have to find a way to seal this off immediately, lest the living quarters become inundated." He licked his lips, and allowed his younger cousin to lead him off. He wished desperately for Pippin's presence, and at the same time was grateful he was not there. But Pippin and Diamond and family were in Tookland. Paladin's health had begun to deteriorate, and Pippin was making plans to finally move back to the Great Smials, after all these years at Crickhollow. He spared a moment's gratitude as well for Estella and the children, safe on a visit to her family in Budgeford. Yet he knew that she, as well as Pippin and the others, was probably frantic with fear for him. He hoped that Berilac would soon return with good news… "I'll send some hobbits down with sandbags. That is the quickest and most immediate solution I can think of. But Merry, you have to come and rest just a bit. You've been going without rest for three days." "Time enough to rest when I know that everyone is safe. How are the stores?" "We're low, Merry. Winter's store is gone, and even if all the crops had not been washed away, it's too early for anything yet." "Pippin will see that we get what we need. Once Berilac can get word to him, he'll send everything he can." Merry tried to keep his voice confident and steady. Ilberic nodded. Berilac had gone down to Newbridge, where Sarn Ford had been, to send word to the rest of the Shire about the disaster in Buckland. With the Stonebow Bridge unsafe and the ferry gone, the new bridge which gave the budding village its name would be the only way to get any kind of word to the Shire. The River was still flowing too fast and too deep for any to attempt to cross by boat. Merry advanced to the upper levels of the Hall, pausing from time to time to grasp a hand and offer a word of assurance to the many hobbits crowding the floors. He finally made his way to the Master's study; it was free of hobbits seeking shelter, but his desk was covered in papers, maps and messages. He stood behind the desk, and put his hand on the spyglass that lay there, a gift from him to his father, one he had purchased in Minas Tirith. Once more the tears stung his eyes and he blinked them away. For the first time since he had become Master, he was glad his father was not there, to see this devastation of his beloved Buckland. It was eerily reminiscent of Isengard after the Ents had flooded it, save for the steams. He glanced out the window for an instant, and then just as quickly glanced away. So hard, so hard to look at the flooded land, to know of the newly planted fields, ruined, the homes washed out… Still, he had hope. Surely Berilac would get the word out, and help would come soon. It galled him to think of how Buckland would need the help of the rest of the Shire, but it was good to know that he could depend on Pippin and Sam, once they knew what had happened. He felt dizzy for a moment, and then realized he had taken nothing to eat since a sparse first breakfast, and it was long past luncheon. A headache was coming on as well. But right now he could not bring himself to eat. The thought of food turned his stomach. And he had gone longer on shorter rations before. But you're not thirty-six anymore either, a part of his mind said treacherously. He heard a shout, and glanced once more at the window. Here came Beri. Hobbits were hurrying out to hear his news, but he swung down from his pony and waved them away; they knew he needed to report to the Master first. Merry took a deep breath and seated himself behind his desk, still something new to him, even after nearly a year. What a relief to know that Pippin and Sam would soon be here with help! Berilac came in and seated himself, and Merry sat forward. Surely he should be more cheerful than this. "Merry, I don't know how to tell you this, but-the bridge is out there too. And the Ford is impassible. Merry swallowed, stood up. "No way, then, no way for anyone to get across…" The room seemed to spin around him, and the floor rose up to meet him… Sam shook his head, as he watched Pippin's efforts to convince the hobbits at the western side of the Bridge that there must be *some* way to get across. 0o0o0o0 "I'm *going* across to Buckland," he was saying between clenched teeth. "If I have to swim the River myself, I am *going* to Buckland…" "But Captain Pippin, you can't. The Bridge is out. And the River is far too dangerous to swim in-" Sam moved to interrupt the conversation before it got out of hand, and thought back to three days before, when Pippin had come knocking at the door of Bag End at three o'clock in the morning. "Sam, something's not right with Merry. I have to get to him. Will you come with me?" Pippin was taut and frantic, and looked a bit wild about the eyes. Sam had shaken his head, but in resignation, not denial. "Pippin, if you think that something is wrong with Merry, you know I'll come, but please come in for now. Get some rest and we'll head out in the morning." Sam had no intention of dismissing Pippin's concerns. He'd known the cousins too long for that. All of them had ever been aware of one another for as long as he could remember. He himself had come to be aware of Mr. Frodo that way by the time the Quest was over, though he never had quite the same connection to the other two. Now that Frodo was gone, Merry's and Pippin's bond was stronger than ever. And though Sam might not feel a connection to them in the same way, they were still his best friends and his link to Frodo. Pippin had heaved a great sigh, and his wild-eyed look had faded. "Early, though, early in the morning." "I promise," said Sam. "We'll head out right after first breakfast." Pippin had nodded, and Sam had seen him to the guest room that was always his to use. It even had a bed specially made; Mr. Frodo had seen to that in both Merry's and Pippin's guest rooms not long after they'd returned from the Quest. The next morning, Pippin was a bit less agitated, though still eager to go, and Sam finished his own breakfast quickly. Rose was understanding, and had packed for him as he ate, letting the children sleep longer for once. But as they prepared to leave, a Quick Post rider came pounding up to the gate, and they soon learned what was wrong in Buckland. "Mayor Gardner," said the rider, "I've come from the Marish. Bucklebury Ferry has been destroyed in a flood; we've had word that the Bridge may be out, too. The Brandywine has overflowed its banks. The Marish is flooded as well; we can't tell for certain but just from looking across the River, Buckland seems much worse. Mr. Maggot sent me to you, says to let the Thain know, too." Sam nodded. "You do that, go right on to the Great Smials, and tell Thain Paladin that Captain Pippin and I are already on our way to Buckland." They had ridden flat out, pausing only briefly at Budgeford, in spite of Pippin's urgency, so that Estella could get the news from them instead of from gossip. She was determined to follow as quickly as she could, but she was expecting their third child, and it was not wise for her to travel ponyback… And now they were at one end of the Bridge, and Buckland might as well be the other side of the Sundering Sea, the way the River raged… o0o0o0o Merry felt a warm hand chaffing his icy cold right one, and smelled the smell of athelas "Pippin?" he murmured "Pip? Is the Battle over? Did you die?" But it was a feminine voice that answered. "Merry, it's not Pippin, and you're not in the White City. You're home in Buckland." He opened his eyes slowly, feeling as though someone were trying to trick him. How could he be home? Yet- He gazed up at the face above him. "Viola? What happened? Why am I lying on the settee?" Berilac's wife Viola, the resident healer at Brandy Hall shook her head. "You collapsed, Meriadoc Brandybuck. No rest, no food, stress and worry and grief for three days running, of course you collapsed. And your arm grew cold, so I got out the kingsfoil ." The confusion drained from his eyes, and his expression went flat. "The flood." "Yes, the flood. We left you in here to recover, since we didn't think we needed the panic that might have been caused by carrying the Master of Buckland unconscious to his bed." He started to sit up and was hit by a wave of dizziness. She glared at him. "You are not going anywhere