(Written in 2009 for Linda Hoyland and also for the LOTR Community Challenge) Author: Dreamflower Title: "Hark, How Blithe the Throstle Sings" Theme: Renewal Elements: Bird: a song thrush also known as a throstle Rating: G Author's Notes: Quite some time ago, lindahoyland requested a time-stamp story from me to take place a few weeks or months after my story "Good King Elessar", before the King returns to Gondor. I made a start on it, but ran out of steam, and had to put it aside to wait for further inspiration. And then it seemed to me to fit perfectly with this month's theme of renewal, so I decided to finish it for this challenge. The title is taken from a poem by William Wordsworth. Summary: Young Frodo Gamgee, serving the King for a year in Annúminas is a bit homesick, but a visit from his father cheers him up. Word Count: 5,074 Hark, How Blithe the Throstle Sings Frodo Gamgee stood respectfully at his post in the Queen's antechamber. Through the window he could see the bright blue of the spring sky, not a cloud to be seen, and cool breezes brought to him the smells of the garden: newly-turned earth, and freshly cut grass, and the fragrance of primroses and bluebells, violets and lilacs. How he longed to be out there, grubbing in the dark soil, planting seeds or transplanting bedding plants. If he were at home in Bag End, that's where he'd be right now, at his father's side. While he'd missed his family as he was serving his year in Annúminas, it was only now that he felt himself truly homesick for Bag End. But spring-well, he'd never thought what it would mean to be away from home during the spring! It had always been his favourite part of the year, as he and his Sam-dad worked to plan and plant and keep the gardens of Bag End the finest in the Shire. With a scarcely audible sigh, he swallowed the lump in his throat, and blinked away the sting in his eyes. He had asked for this duty, and he'd see it through, he would. He softly brushed the embroidery of the white tree on his livery. He was proud to serve the King and the Queen as a page. The King was so noble and gracious; high and filled with the ancient dignity of his Númenorean blood. Frodo had seen him deal justice from his high throne, and he could be terrifying to one who'd done wrong. Yet he still remained in Frodo's heart of hearts his "Uncle Strider", who would tell him tales of when his father and his Uncles Merry and Pippin, and his long-gone but still beloved Uncle Frodo were on their long-ago journey into danger. And the Queen! How beautiful she was! As beautiful as a sky at night, filled with the light of countless stars-yet for all of that, her heart was more beautiful still, and she would often turn on Frodo a look of warm understanding that he never thought to see in any eyes other than those of his own mother. But he still found himself shy of the other Big Folk here-most of them so very grand and imposing, even the servants. And while there were several other hobbits also serving here, they were kept busy with their tasks, and spent their free time in the small village outside the city walls. He was the only hobbit among the pages, and he had found it hard to become friends with them. There were five other lads, all of them taller, larger and younger than he-and they tended to treat him with a combination of awe and deference that he found hard to overcome. Just because he was named after the Ringbearer, and that his father was Samwise the Brave-well, that didn't make him anyone special. He'd yet to do anything that would make him special, though he hoped one day that he might. He was used to the rough and tumble of his younger brothers, who most certainly did not think he was anything grand or special, and he found that he was sorely missing the presence of all his younger sibs. Perhaps he would write another letter tonight. The King's Messengers rode down to the Stonebow Bridge at least three times a week to meet the Shire Post riders, so Frodo tried to send a letter every time. He wrote to his mother and father every week, but he was also writing letters separately to his brothers and sisters, taking them in turns. It was little Hamfast's turn for a letter this time. What could he say that would be of interest to his little brother? Ah, yes! The new kittens in the Citadel kitchen! Cook's tabby had just produced a fine litter! Just then, the door to the inner chamber opened, and the Queen came out, accompanied by one of her maidens-of-honour, Lady Haleth. The Queen was dressed in a simple gown of blue-Frodo thought it was just the color of delphiniums-embroidered at the neck, hem and narrow sleeve edges in a slightly darker shade of blue. Her dark hair was gathered into a net of silver lace, held by a simple coronet of braided gold and silver. Even so simply clad, she took Frodo's breath away. "Good morning, Frodo," she said. He gave a small bow, and said, "Good morning, Your Grace." He was beginning to get rather good at the bowing, he thought. "Haleth and I are going down to the gardens. Please attend us." "Yes, my lady Queen," he answered, a grin threatening to split his face. They were going outside to the gardens! Although the early spring day was sunny, it was somewhat cool, and the breeze was brisk. Haleth went to the large wardrobe and fetched the Queen's everyday cloak. She brought her own as well. Frodo took his cloak from the peg on the wall by the door. He and Haleth walked at a respectful distance behind the Queen as they made their way out. Frodo liked Haleth-Elanor had spoken of her as a friend, and she had been very kind to Frodo. He had been very surprised one evening when Haleth had confided to him that while they had been in Minas Anor, she had been far less than kind to Elanor. "But your sister forgave me, and asked the Queen to give me another chance, even though I didn't deserve it, Frodo. Elanor is my friend now, and I am glad to do all I can for you to make you feel comfortable! I feel that I need to make it up to her for treating her so shabbily before!" But Frodo was glad to have at least one friend, and was grateful to Elanor for paving the way for him. They walked along the garden paths, admiring the flowers and the newly greened shrubs and trees. Occasionally they'd pass a gardener, who would duly stop work and bow to the Queen. Frodo found himself envying them, for after they would pass, the gardeners would return to their work. How he wished he dared get his hands dirty! They stopped so that Queen Arwen could admire a display of daffodils, blazing like the sun. Frodo frowned. To his eye they looked a bit crowded. If he'd had the working of this bed, he'd have thinned them, and divided the bulbs before this. They looked all right for the moment, but they were far too close together. Suddenly, he heard a familiar voice behind him. "I'd've thinned those out if it were up to me." Frodo turned suddenly. "Oh, Dad! It's you!" All thought of his dignity as a page was gone, and he threw himself into his father's embrace, laughing and weeping at the same time. "Oh, Sam-dad! I've missed you! What are you doing here? Did Ma come with you? When did you get here?" Sam laughed. "How am I going to answer all that with you choking me?" he said. Frodo suddenly recollected himself, and pulled back, his face red as he could hear the Queen laughing behind him, and oh dear! There was the King as well, staring at him with a twinkle in his eye. "I-I'm sorry, sire! My lady! I should not have forgotten myself so!" The King laughed. "I should have thought something was wrong with you if you had not, Frodo-lad! You are a hobbit, after all. Do you like your surprise?" Frodo gazed up at the King, his brown eyes shining. "Oh sire!" Sam laughed again. "Well, Strider, I can see my lad's placed his trust in you the way we did all those years ago. Good! Good!" Frodo turned and looked at his father again. "But Sam-dad, what are you doing here? You didn't come just to check up on me, did you?" "No, no, son, I didn't. It's just Shire business-I've brought the new wool trade agreement for the King and the Steward to look on, and also the new head of the Hornblower family wanted to be presented to the King-I'm thinking he's wanting to expand the pipe-weed trade. But I'll say I took the chance to come, for your Uncle Pippin could have brought it instead. I did want to see you, lad. You're missed." He pulled Frodo into his embrace once more. "I miss having my best apprentice at my side in the spring." "Frodo," the King said. Frodo turned, and he stood very straight. "Yes, sire?" "We are excusing you from your duties for the rest of the day. You may spend the afternoon with your father, for he must leave again on the morrow. We will expect the two of you to take tea with us later. And at the feast this evening, Frodo, you are not to serve, but may sit by your father as a guest." Frodo nodded obediently. "Thank you, sire," he said. He felt both elated and disappointed. It would be splendid to have plenty of time to visit with his dad-but it would have been nice for his father to see him at his duties, and know that Frodo was doing them well. But when he glanced at his father's expression, the elation won. The King, the Queen and Lady Haleth went on their way, watched by the two hobbits, and then Sam turned to his son, and taking him by both shoulders, he looked him in the face. "Well, son, are you happy here?" "Yes, Sam-dad, I am, for the most part. Sometimes I'm homesick, though. I miss all of you dreadfully. But the King and Queen are so kind and so good-I really do feel the honour in serving them." "It is an honour to serve him, son! Not just because he's our King, but because he's a friend to our family and our people. We owe him, Frodo-lad. Without all he did for us, none of us would have lived to come home!" "I know. But he doesn't see it that way. He says he owes us ." Sam clapped his son on the back, and shook his head. "Well, he owed Mr. Frodo, I'll say that much, for he'd not have been King without what all your Uncle Frodo done. And so he is kind to us for Mr. Frodo's sake." Frodo looked at his father in surprise. Such was his faith in him that it had never occurred to him his father could be so wrong about something-he knew that it was not only for Frodo Baggins' sake that King Elessar felt indebted to hobbits-he had told Frodo himself that he owed much to Samwise Gamgee, and to Peregrin Took and Meriadoc Brandybuck as well. "For if not for your father, Frodo-lad, the Quest would have come to nothing, for your Uncle Frodo would never have reached the fiery Mountain. And if not for the roles Merry and Pippin played, the