(Written for Marigold's Challenge #28, the "nekkid hobbit" challenge!) AUTHOR: Dreamflower RATING: PG CATEGORY: General SUMMARY: Pippin and his friend Rusty Cotton play a prank with rather unfortunate results... AUTHOR'S NOTES : (1) Frodo is 38, Merry is 25, Pippin is 17 and so is Rusty (24, 16 and 11 in Man -years) (2) Marigold's prompt included a healer, a coalscuttle, and a "nekkid hobbit". DISCLAIMER: Middle-earth and all its peoples belong to the Tolkien Estate. I own none of them. Some of them, however, seem to own me. A SIGHT TO REMEMBER Pippin trailed Merry and Frodo down the main street of Tuckborough. It was far too hot in Wedmath to hurry. They were only headed to the Bouncing Bunny, after all. It was nice to have Frodo here again, at any rate. While Merry usually spent the end of summer with Pippin, Frodo was usually at Bag End. But this year his father was having a big birthday party. Paladin had not celebrated with a large party last year, when he had only held the Thainship for a year. Instead, he and Eglantine had sent for their children, and had a small family gathering. But this one was to be a big affair, with many family heads from throughout the Shire invited. Very handy having Frodo the head of the Bagginses, after all. Sometimes he could not beg off. Merry and Frodo had nearly reached the inn, when Pippin saw a figure exit the shop doorway belonging to Miss BriarRose Goodchild, Seamstress, rather too abruptly, and closing the door rather too hard. The figure leaned back against the wall, with arms folded crossly. The slender lass clad in lad's breeches, with the long red braids could be no other. Pippin called across the street. "Rusty! Rusty Cotton!" Rusty looked up and grinned. "Well, if it isn't Pippin Took!" Pippin darted across the street, just as Merry and Frodo turned to look, having heard his shout. His older cousins exchanged a look, and headed in Pippin's direction. "Hullo, Pippin," said Rusty, as he came over. "Fancy seeing a Took in Tookland!" She laughed, and Pippin did as well. Pippin was starting to ask her what a Cotton was doing in Tuckborough when he realized his cousins stood behind him. He turned to them. "Merry, Frodo! You remember Rusty don't you? From the fair at Michel Delving year before last? She's cousin to Rosie and Jolly and Nibs and Nick and Tom-"* Frodo interrupted. "Of course I remember Rusty." He took her hand and bowed over it as though she were a fine lady. "How are you, Miss Ruby?" Rusty was not in the least intimidated by Pippin or Merry, but the fine young Master of Bag End made her a little shy. "I'm fine, thank you, Mr. Frodo." "But you haven't said what you're doing here!" said Pippin persistently. She made a face. "My cousin, Bramble Goodchild, is getting married next week. Mam came early to help with the wedding, and she brought me with her because she wants cousin BriarRose to make me a dress !" Rusty spat the last word out as though it were something vile and unspeakable. "She said I have to wear a dress at the wedding!" "Oh, that's too bad," said Pippin sympathetically. Merry chuckled and rolled his eyes. Most lasses loved to get new dresses, but not Rusty. "So why are you out here, and not in there?" he asked. "Mam's not happy with me. Cousin BriarRose made me stand about and get measured, and then they started looking at cloth. There was some nice brown and green checked stuff there, and I said I liked that, but no, Mam was looking at pink and Cousin BriarRose was showing her lavender and lace and everything, and I said it was bad enough having to wear a dress without it being pink or lavender ! Anyway she made me come out here to wait for her." Frodo shook his head in amusement. "Rusty, I was taking my cousins to get some refreshment. Would you like to join us?" Her hazel eyes went wide. "Oh, Mr. Frodo! I'd like that ever so much." Her face fell, though and she continued, "but I don't think Mam would let me right now." Frodo smiled at her. "Perhaps she will if I ask her." "Oh, thank you, Mr. Frodo!" She clasped her hands and bit her lip in excitement. Pippin was bouncing on the balls of his feet, and he too wore an expression of anxious hope. He and Rusty and her brother and Nibs had a good deal of fun and a little adventure at the fair, and he was quite ready to spend some time in her company. Rusty was as much fun as any lad, and quite as adventurous as a Took. Merry gave them a glance, and thought for a moment about teasing Pippin for liking a lass; Pip was at the age now when he usually avoided them as much as possible, but somehow Merry did not think that Rusty would take such teasing with good humour. At any rate, it was quite clear that she had made a real impression on Pippin. He would like to know her better himself. Frodo slipped into the shop, causing the little bell over the door to tinkle. He entered, to see the two hobbitesses bent over several bolts of fabric, in various shades of pink and purple. They looked up as he entered. Miss BriarRose was only a little surprised to see a gentlehobbit. While most of her customers were the matrons of Tuckborough and their daughters, she had not a few gentlehobbits who came to her for such things as their shirts. They generally went to Master Egbert Goold, the tailor, for jackets and fancy weskits. She stopped her discussion with her cousin immediately. Aster Cotton was not a paying customer; the seamstress was making the dresses as a thanks for the help being given with her sister's wedding. But he surprised her. "Miss Goodchild, Mrs. Cotton," he greeted politely. "Mrs. Cotton, do you remember me?" "Why of course I do, Mr. Frodo! It's very good to see you again! Are you here for the Thain's birthday?" "Yes, I am. I am in town today with Merry and Pippin, and of course Pippin was very pleased to see Rusty again, as they had so much fun at the fair that time." Mrs. Cotton's lips tightened a little bit, but she was not going to mention her dissatisfaction with her daughter's behaviour to Mr. Frodo Baggins! "At any rate, I was wondering if we might borrow Rusty for a while. I should like to treat her to some refreshment. And perhaps she might even be allowed to come back to the Great Smials to play with Pippin for a while? I would be glad to escort her back here after teatime." "Why, Mr. Frodo! That's most kind of you-" she hesitated. She was not inclined to allow Rusty a treat after her cheekiness earlier, yet it was hard to refuse Mr. Frodo. And it was most certainly true that now that they had Rusty's measurements, it would be far easier to carry on with planning the dress without the child's interference. And it would go hard with Rusty to miss the chance to spend time with her friend. Little Master Pippin was a sweet, polite and well-spoken child, and for all he was gentry, he didn't make no difference betwixt high and low. Rusty might learn a bit about good manners in his company. All this passed through her mind in only a few seconds. "Yes, yes it does sound like a nice idea, if you are sure she won't be no bother to you." "She'll be no bother at all." Frodo gave his most charming smile to both of them, and then glanced at some of the fabric on another table. His eye fell on a subdued plaid, in autumn shades of greens and browns. In a casual manner, he passed his hand over the material, and said, "What a very attractive bit of goods this is!" He studied it intently for a moment and then turned back. "Well, thank you very much, Mrs. Cotton. I'll see that Rusty gets safely returned. Miss Goodchild, I may come speak to you later about some shirts. Good-bye." He went out, making certain not to look back and see if they were looking at the plaid material. He hoped that perhaps he'd done little Rusty a small favor, at least. The four young hobbits made their way to The Leaping Hare (more commonly known as The Bouncing Bunny) and Frodo led his charges into the common room. "Ah, Mr. Baggins!" said Master Dodd Brockhouse, the innkeeper. "What may I get for you today?" "I'd like an ale, please, Master Dodd. And a half for my cousin Merry here-" he stopped and looked at Pippin and Rusty. "Do you want sweet cider, lemon squash or ginger beer?" he asked. "Sweet cider," said Pippin immediately. "Ginger beer," said Rusty. "And perhaps a bowl of crisps, if you have any," Frodo added. Soon the promised refreshment arrived, and Pippin and Rusty applied themselves seriously, as they listened to Frodo and Merry talking. "I cannot believe we've been inflicted with Sackville-Bagginses at the Great Smials," said Merry in disgust. "Uncle Paladin told Da they'd be arriving today." Frodo shrugged. "Paladin could scarcely avoid inviting them. I'm sure Lotho just wants to take advantage of the chance to discuss the leaf trade." "At a party?" Merry asked disgustedly. "That's so rude!" "Since when have the S.-B.s let rudeness stop them?" said Frodo with resignation. At the mention of Lotho, Rusty cast a glance at Pippin and winked, and Pippin bit his lip to keep from laughing. The two of them had played a very successful series of pranks on Lotho at the fair in Michel Delving. Rusty was slightly taken aback at Frodo's news that she would be allowed to accompany them back to the Great Smials, and even take tea there before coming back to Tuckborough. She knew her mother had been angry with her. But Mr. Frodo seemed to have talked her Mam into it. "And where does your cousin live, Rusty?" asked Frodo, as they walked from the inn, and headed out of the town for the short walk back to Great Smials. "Oh, Cousins BriarRose and Bramble live behind the shop. We are staying there with them until the rest of the family comes for the wedding, and then we will go out to the farm and stay there with Aunt May and Uncle Rufus." "May and Rufus Goodchild?" asked Frodo. "Is that Sam's Aunt May?" "Yes, sir. Sam's Aunt May on the Gaffer's side married her second cousin twice removed on Sam's mother's side. But Uncle Rufus is really my great-uncle on my mam's side." "So, will Sam and his family be coming over for the wedding?" "I'm sure they will, Mr. Frodo." The trek passed pleasantly enough with the conversation on family matters, something of which hobbits never seem to tire, young or old, and soon the Great Smials came in sight. Rusty's eyes grew wide at the sight of the huge sprawling smial. No wonder they called it the Great Smials! For the first time in her young life, she wished she was wearing a hated dress, for surely they would think her awful, coming to tea like this, clad in breeches! She looked over at Pippin nervously, but he just grinned, and she relaxed. As they arrived, Frodo said "Oh, bother! They're here!" They looked up at the Great Door. A pony-trap was pulled up, and Rusty could see Lobelia and Lotho Sackville-Baggins getting out of it. She bit her lip to keep from giggling, as she remembered the last time she had seen Lotho. But when she looked at Pippin, he was