(Written for the 2011 "Hit the Books" challenge. The prompt was the title of a famous book, and at some point in the story, a character had to read a book.) Author: Dreamflower Title: A Moveable Feast Rating: G Theme: Hit the Books Elements: A Moveable Feast by Ernest Hemingway Author's Notes: In this story, Frodo is almost 38—this is a few weeks before his birthday (24 years old in "Man" years ), Merry is 24 (15 years old in "Man" years), and Pippin is 16 (10 years old in "Man" years). Summary: Frodo experiences one of Tuckborough's quainter customs for the first time. Word Count: 6, 030 A Moveable Feast "Do you mean to tell me, Frodo, that you've never been to the Tuckborough Moveable Feast?" asked Merry in astonishment. "No," Frodo said. "You know how Bilbo avoided the Tooklands while Lalia was in charge. And I have never happened to be in Tuckborough at the right time since then." He held up a shirt and looked it over before folding it and tucking it into his pack. "Of course I have heard all about it," he laughed. "Next to Yule, I think it must be Pippin's favorite occasion." Merry rolled his eyes. "I know it is!" He chuckled and added, "He's got good reason, after all! I've only been to one a couple of times; I'm not often in Tuckborough in the early autumn either, but they are certainly occasions that I remember fondly." He took a deep breath and sighed happily. He glanced over at Frodo who was picking up a well-thumbed book, "A Journey Through the Breelands by Calimac Brandybuck" . Frodo flicked through the pages with a smile, and then dropped it on top of the neatly filled pack. He pushed it closed, and fastened the straps. Merry shook his head. "Are you reading that again?" "Yes. It's always been one of my favorites, ever since Uncle Dinny first allowed me to take it from his top shelf." Merry grinned. "I know. Remember how you and I used to play at journeying to Bree as Calimac did?" Frodo laughed. "I do indeed. Of course, our journeys never took us so far that we couldn't return home for the next meal." "Of course not!" Merry answered with a chuckle. "We had our priorities straight when we were small fry!" "I trust we still do," said Frodo, hoisting up his pack. "Shall we be off? It's a long trek to Tuckborough, and we do want to arrive before all the food is gone!" Merry darted across the passage to snatch his own pack, and followed Frodo out. They stopped long enough for Frodo to turn the key in the front door. "Sam!" he called. Although the Sun was barely showing her face, Sam was already hard at work. "Yes, Mr. Frodo?" came the answer from the other side of the lilac bushes, and soon followed by Sam himself, holding a pair of clippers. "So you're off now, sir?" "Yes, Sam. Here are the spare keys. Let yourself into the kitchen if you need anything, or if there is an emergency." "Thank you, sir." Sam carefully tucked the keys into his pocket. "You and Mr. Merry have a nice tramp, then. I hope you enjoy the Feast. It's a right treat!" "You've been to the Moveable Feast, Sam?" Frodo was surprised. The Gamgees rarely ventured forth from Hobbiton. "Yes, Mr. Frodo. They was having it one year when we were over there a-visiting with Aunt May." "Ah yes! I had forgotten you had kinfolk in Tuckborough. Well, we should be back on Sterday, but do not worry if we stay over another day or so past that." "Yes, sir. Take care, sir!" Sam went back around the side of the smial with his clippers, whistling a jaunty tune. Merry and Frodo passed down the walk to the road, but they'd soon be cutting cross-country. The journey was far too long by road, but that way they should arrive just in time. Frodo began to sing the tune Sam had been whistling, and soon Merry joined in: "Upon the hearth the fire is red Beneath the roof there is a bed… Pippin felt as though he had been waiting forever ! Not only was it the day of the Tuckborough Moveable Feast, but this year Frodo and Merry were coming to visit, and would stay a while until it was time for them all to go back to Bag End for The Birthday. And Frodo had never been to the Moveable Feast before. This was the first time he'd get to see his father open the Feast, as well. Last year had been the first year his father was Thain, since the old Thain Ferumbras III had been ill and given the title to his father. Pippin and his sisters had been sent away for a while until Paladin and Eglantine had settled into the Great Smials and their new duties. Pippin had spent nearly a year in Buckland with Merry's family. But he'd come back to the Tooklands at Lithe, and was trying his best to adjust to life in the Great Smials. But if Merry and Frodo did not come soon, they'd miss the opening of the Feast! He fidgeted and gazed back down the road, trying to see past the throng of hobbits still coming in his direction. "Boo!" said a voice behind him, making him jump. He turned with a grin. "Merry! And Frodo!" He embraced each cousin enthusiastically in turn. "Where did you come from? I was watching for you!" Frodo laughed and ruffled Pippin's hair. "We didn't come by road, Pip." "Well, you are here just in time! Father's almost ready to open the Feast!" Fastened to stakes, one at each side of the road, were two long yellow ribbons. They met in the center of the road where they were tied in a huge bow. Thain Paladin made his way over to the bow to the cheers of the assembled hobbitry. "Ladies and Gentlehobbits! Welcome to the Tuckborough Moveable Feast! In the Year of Shire Reckoning 1148 the Shire was just beginning to recover from the dreadful dearth of the Long Winter of the year before. The Tooklands had a good harvest that year, yet still the stores were depleted and many hobbits were still in want. Some hobbits thought perhaps it was too soon to celebrate the harvest; that it would be wasteful and disrespectful of those who had been lost during the awful winter before. But Thain Isumbras III did not agree. He thought that our people deserved a chance to express their joy and gratitude for our deliverance. To make sure that the food was not wasted, and that those less fortunate were not left out of the celebration, he devised the first Moveable Feast, so that all could share the bounty! It was so well-received that the hobbits of the Tooklands have repeated the occasion every year since." The Thain paused, and then looked around at all the assembled hobbits. "I trust you came prepared!" There arose a clatter of noise, as suddenly hundreds of hobbits lifted up plates and began to bang on them with spoons or forks. Frodo looked confused, and Merry looked dismayed. Pippin grinned. "I came prepared for you both," he said, lifting up a sack. Plates, forks, spoons and mugs for all three of us!" "Bless you, Pip!" said Merry. "I didn't remember that part!" "Then since we are ready," shouted the Thain, "let the Feast begin!" He reached over and tugged on the bow, so that the ribbon came apart, and hobbits began to stream into town. Frodo took the tin dishes Pippin proffered to him. "I knew that we were supposed to go from place to place to eat, but I did not realize that we carried our own dishes!" Pippin shook his head. "With so many hobbits, no one has enough dishes to go around, and no one would have the time to wash them all. There are bins near every stop to scrape the plates if there are any leftovers. And you can rinse your plate at one of the town pumps every so often." Frodo watched as hobbits streamed out over a wide area, and as he, Merry and Pippin followed the crowd he could smell all sorts of delightful aromas. As they entered the outskirts of the town he saw that clumps of hobbits were gathered in different areas, and he could see the smoke of cookfires. The Feast started at one o'clock, just in time for luncheon, but it would continue the rest of the day and into the night, covering tea, supper and late supper as well. Truly it was more like one continuous meal! Pippin led the way to a cluster of cottages on the Eastern side of the rode. There was a cookfire attended by several hobbits, and a large table where the food had been placed. "Frodo," said Pippin in his cousin's ear, "remember we'll be eating our way all through the town! Don't take too much to begin with or you'll miss the treats at the end. As the cousins approached the table, a hobbit came up with a large shovelful of barley ashcakes. He slid them onto the table, and hobbits were lined up to take them, hot out of the embers as they were. There were not a few burned fingers! At the other end of the table was a crock of freshly-churned butter, and a few spreaders. Frodo slathered a goodly sized lump of the butter on his barley cake, and began to eat it as he and Merry followed Pippin across the road to another cookfire and another similar table, this one serving ember-roasted eggs. And so the crowds of hobbits progressed, in a zigzag fashion from one side of the road to another, enjoyed roasted vegetables at one stop and slices of smoked pork at another. One family was serving bits of sausages on sticks, which Frodo, Merry and Pippin took over to toast at the nearby fire. Another family had potatoes baked in their jackets, and yet another had bowls of cabbage slaw and crocks of cucumber pickles. Frodo was quite relieved when the next stop brought them to a table watched over by three young lasses. There were several pitchers of water and juice and there were pots of tea as well. He gratefully filled his mug with water, and then after finishing the water, filled it again, this time with fragrant peppermint tea. Frodo began to see the wisdom of Pippin's advice. They had scarcely passed the northern outskirts of Tuckborough and still had most of the town before them. He was already beginning to feel full. He could tell there were still crowds ahead of them, but he did not see the smoke of cookfires, and they would soon be in the part of town where the shops began. "Do the shops serve food?" "Some of them do—we'll find treats at the cheesemonger's," answered Pippin, "and also at the baker's— the bakery always passes out miniature gingerhobbits. But most of the shops sponsor games or entertainment on Feast day. There's bobbing-for-apples at Brownlock's emporium, and there's usually an egg-and-spoon race at the mercer's. All sorts of games by the shops, and the prizes the winners get are tickets which they can use as discounts at the sponsoring shop. Frodo cheered Merry and Pippin on in the egg-and-spoon race (which was won by a Brockhouse from Tookbank), and then went to the Bouncing Bunny (as the Leaping Hare was popularly known) for an ale. Beer, ale and spirits were the only things not free during the Feast, in order to lessen the possibility of scores of inebriated hobbits roaming the town. The taverns and inns were packed, nonetheless, and Frodo saw the Thain sitting with Odovacar Bolger and Ferdinand Took. He took his