(Written in 2006) AUTHOR: Dreamflower RATING: G AUTHOR'S NOTE: Pippin is 5, and Sam is 15. (or 3 and 9 in Man-years.) SUMMARY: Wee Pippin visits Cousin Bilbo. MARIGOLD'S CHALLENGE #31 WAITING FOR MERRY AND FRODO Bilbo had just seated himself in the kitchen for a bit of elevenses: a pot of tea, a radish and butter sandwich, and the last piece of seedcake, when there was a rap at the front door. With a sigh, and a regretful look at his plate, he got up to go answer it. At least he knew it would not be the Sackville-Bagginses. Otho had taken his family with him last week, to attend some business in the Southfarthing. He opened the door. "Paladin Took! And little Peregrin!" he exclaimed in delight. "Come right in!" Pippin, who had only recently crossed the border from faunthood to childhood, peered from behind his father's leg. For the briefest of instants he looked shy, and then he launched himself at Bilbo's knees. "Cousin Bilbo!" he crowed, hugging fiercely. Charmed, Bilbo patted the curly head, said "Peregrin! How you've grown! Soon you'll pass the Bullroarer!" and unobtrusively slipped a peppermint from his pocket into a tiny hand. His smile blossoming into a full-blown grin, Pippin hastily popped the treat into his mouth before his father could notice. Paladin had already noticed, but affected not to. "Come right in," repeated Bilbo, "and join me for some elevenses!" Not waiting for a reply, he led the way to the kitchen. Bilbo found the small box he kept in a corner, just for the very purpose of boosting small relatives up to the table, and placed it on a chair, nodding at Paladin, who lifted Pippin up to sit at the table. With only a mild regret for his last bit of seedcake, Bilbo placed his own untouched plate in front of the child. The delight on the lad's face more than made up for it. He got two more plates, and began to cut more sandwiches for himself and Paladin. While he was doing that, Paladin took cups from the sideboard, and poured a little tea and a good deal of milk into one of them for Pippin. Bilbo and Paladin soon sat down to their own elevenses. "Ah," said Paladin, after a few bites. "Lovely radishes! Crisp and sweet, with a nice bite to them." "The first ones of spring," replied Bilbo, "the Gaffer is quite proud of them." There wasn't much more one could say about a radish sandwich, so Bilbo took a sip of his own tea, and said "To what do I owe the honor of this unexpected visit?" Pippin, who had finished his own food already, piped up "Merry and Frodo!" Paladin sighed, and gave his son half of his second sandwich, along with a look of reproof. Pippin looked only slightly abashed, and lit into the sandwich with glee. "I am on my way to Underhill to pick up Tina and the lasses." Underhill was the small village just the other side of Overhill, where Eglantine's mother and brother lived. "Knowing that Merry's still visiting you I thought-" he stopped abruptly. "Where are Merry and Frodo?" Bilbo shook his head. "Folco Boffin and Fatty Bolger are visiting Folco's aunt in Bywater. Frodo and Merry went down there to see them. They should be home slightly after luncheon." "Ah," Paladin sighed. Pippin looked dejected. "No Merry? No Frodo?" He gave his father a reproachful look. "Father! You said !" "That's enough, Peregrin!" Paladin lowered his brows, and Pippin subsided, pouting a bit. "I had hoped," said Paladin to Bilbo, "to allow Pippin to visit with Merry while I fetched his mother and sisters. He doesn't get on well with his Banks cousins." The last time Clovis and Cado had visited Whitwell, they had reduced Pippin to a storm of tears by snatching away one of his favorite toys, and throwing it back and forth between them, just out of his reach, faster and faster, until it fell to the ground and broke. They had thought it immensely funny. "They're mean," Pippin muttered, too low for his father to hear, but Bilbo did. He had heard about the incident at great length from Merry, who was there at the time and had only been prevented from tackling Clovis to the ground by Pearl's firm hand on his collar. His indignation at the Banks brothers on Pippin's behalf seemed well-placed. "You mean to say," said Bilbo, "that they bully Pippin." "Well," said Paladin hesitantly. Bilbo flapped a hand at him. "I know, I know. You don't wish to speak ill of your wife's nephews. Do not think I don't understand. All of us are afflicted with unpleasant relations from time to time." He took a sip of tea. "At any rate, I don't see the problem. Surely Pippin could stay and keep me company until Frodo and Merry return-it's only three or four hours before they come back, after all." Paladin shot him a look of gratitude. "Are you certain, Bilbo?" "Why of course! You go on to Underhill and get Cousin Tina and the little lasses, and when you return, all of you may take supper with us, and stay the night if you wish before heading back to Whitwell in the morning." Pippin's grin decided his father, and it was with much gratitude that he agreed to Bilbo's plan. After many admonishments to Pippin to be good for his Cousin Bilbo, he took his leave, and Bilbo and Pippin saw him down to the lane, where his pony-trap awaited. Bilbo lifted Pippin up, and the lad placed a kiss on his father's cheek. " 'Bye, Papa-I mean, Father!" Paladin returned the kiss and whipped up the pony, trotting down the road. Pippin stood on his tiptoes, and waved frantically, until the pony-trap vanished around a curve in the road, and then he turned to Bilbo with an engaging smile. "What are we going to do, Cousin Bilbo? Are you going to play with me?" Bilbo chuckled, and gazed fondly at the bright little face, with its mop of chestnut curls, pointed Took nose and huge green eyes. He'd not spent very much time with this little one yet, but he found himself quite taken with the lad. While there was very little physical resemblance, save a little bit round the mouth and chin, for some reason Pippin put Bilbo in mind of Frodo at that same age. Perhaps it was his openly affectionate nature and his obvious curiosity. He took the small hand in his own, and led Pippin back up to Bag End, only half listening to the child's stream of questions. "I have something I need to do right now, Pippin," Bilbo told him, leading him into the study. It was important that he do his accounts. Tomorrow was the last Highday of the month, and he had wages to pay to the Gamgees and also to Widow Rumble for his laundry. And he had several bills to settle with the local merchants. He lifted Pippin up onto the settee, and going to the bookcase, pulled a large book with a blue leather cover from the bottom shelf. It had been a favorite picture book of his own as a child, and had amused countless young cousins. Little Frodo had learned to sound out some of the words, and Merry used to spend ages poring over the complex illustrations with various things cleverly hidden in them. "Here, Pippin-lad, you look at this, while I work at my desk for a little while." The child's face fell, but he took the book, and said "Thank you, Cousin Bilbo," in a dejected tone. He would much rather be outside playing. Bilbo felt a twinge of guilt, as he looked at Pippin's crestfallen expression, but he hardened his resolve and went to his desk and opened his ledger. He was beginning to feel rather pleased with his progress, when he began to hear a sound: thump! thump! thump! thump! Turning with a scowl, he saw Pippin, upside down on the settee, his furry little feet kicking rhythmically against the back of the seat, and the book on the floor. "Peregrin, don't you wish to look at the book?" asked Bilbo, surprised. "I did. I'm finished. It was a very nice book," he said politely, "but can we go outside now?" His face was alarmingly red from hanging upside down, but he did not seem to mind. "Not quite yet, Pippin. In a few more minutes. Please stop kicking." "All right." He wriggled around to sit upright. Bilbo turned back to his ledger. He had just begun to figure a rather tricky sum to do with an amount owed to the butcher, when a young voice piped up. "One hundred apple pies Cooling on the sill." Bilbo gave a groan. "Pippin, please do not sing that song." Pippin sighed. Bilbo shook his head, and returned his attention to the butcher. "Worms, worms, worms, worms, worms." sang the little voice, attaching the words to a catchy melody Bilbo had never heard before. "Pippin!" His voice was sharp and impatient. "Don't you like that song, Cousin Bilbo? I made it myself. I made another one, but it's not about worms." Pippin tipped his head back, and closing his eyes began to warble "I like toffee. I like it fine. I like toffee. It's all mine." Rolling his eyes, Bilbo closed his ledger. "Come along, Pippin. We'll go outside now. You can play in the front garden." Perhaps a smoke on the bench by the doorstep while he watched the lad play. He would finish his accounts after Frodo and Merry got back. He had barely closed his mouth before Pippin had shot like an arrow to the front door, and stood impatiently hopping from one foot to the other. Bilbo shook his head, and opened the door. Bilbo stepped to the side, and sat down on the bench, taking out his pipe. Pippin pelted headlong out the door, and halfway down the path, when he came to a halt at the sight of a small rump sticking out of the herbaceous border. Bilbo grinned, wondering if little Pippin would remember young Sam, whom he had met a few times as a faunt . Sam sat up startled, from his task of weeding. It had only been recently that the Gaffer had allowed him to do it unsupervised, and he had been concentrating very hard. "Master Pippin!" he exclaimed. Pippin stared for just a moment, and then crowed "You're Sam! You're Merry's and Frodo's Sam! I remember you!" Bilbo nearly laughed aloud at the comical expression Sam's face held on being addressed that way. But it was clear that Sam's status as Merry's and Frodo's friend held much more significance to Pippin than his more proper identification as "the gardener's son". He could hardly contradict the smaller child. Sam settled for blushing furiously, and saying "Er, yes, Master Pippin, I suppose I am." Pippin bent over and looked at the border. "What are you doing?" "I'm weeding the flowerbed, Master Pippin-pulling out the weeds, like, so they won't choke the flowers." "Oh!" said Pippin, taken aback. "They shouldn't do that! It's not nice!" Sam chuckled. "No, Master Pippin, it's not. That's why I have to take them out." Pippin stuck a hand among the flowers. "Is that a weed?" "No!" said Sam in alarm. "That's not a weed! That's a pink, that is. This, see, this is a weed-it's common ragwort, and it don't belong there." And Sam gave the small invader a yank, to prove his point. "Is this a weed?" and Pippin grasped another plant. "It's not a pink." "No, Master Pippin, them's bachelor's buttons!" Pippin giggled. "It doesn't look like buttons! See?" and he pointed to the little buttons on his shirt. "Well," said Sam patiently, "when the flowers come out, they do, just a bit,