AUTHOR: Dreamflower RATING: G CATEGORY: General AUTHOR'S NOTE: This story was written in 2005 for Marigold's Challenge #17. I had to include Esmeralda Brandybuck, a ranger, and the phrase "Well, that's perfect! Just perfect." It is a sidebar story to "The Road to Edoras". SUMMARY: A Ranger finds himself partaking of the hospitality of Buckland… DISCLAIMER: Middle-earth and all its peoples belong to the Tolkien Estate. I own none of them. Some of them, however, seem to own me. THE UNEXPECTED GUEST Mellor opened his eyes cautiously. He could tell, even before he opened them that he was indoors, and lying among soft blankets, though not, apparently, in a bed. He must have been rescued. But this was not a ranger station, nor did it look like Tharbad. The ceiling was very low-could he be in Bree? He could not remember much after leaving Eradan at the Greenway. He thought he must have struck his head. What had happened? His memory was very fuzzy. And most of all, where was he? A gentle feminine voice with a slight but unplaceable accent spoke. "I think he has awakened, Cousin Dody."* "I think you are correct," replied a male voice. A face swam into his range of vision. "Good day, Master Ranger," said the male voice. It was a hobbit, looking down at him with concern. "I am Master Dodinas Brandybuck, and I am a healer. You've suffered a blow to the head." Mellor tried to respond, but his voice did not seem to be cooperating. The healer lifted his head carefully, and held to his lips a tiny cup of water. "Slowly, slowly," he said. After a couple of sips, which nearly emptied the small cup, Mellor tried his voice again. "I am Mellor, son of Meneldil, and a Ranger of Arnor," he whispered hoarsely. "I thank you for your care." He stopped for a moment, talking was an effort. It made his head hurt even worse. "Where-" "Do not speak right now, Master Mellor," said the feminine voice. "You are in Buckland, in Brandy Hall, and I am Mistress Esmeralda Brandybuck, Mistress of the Hall." "I am in the Shire? I should not-" panic seized him. Without the permission of the Thain, the Master and the Mayor, Men were not to be in the Shire. "Be at ease," she said. "I am the Mistress of Buckland, and in my husband's absence, I am in charge. Buckland is not the Shire proper, anyway, and word has been sent. I am quite sure that the permission will be quickly forthcoming. It is not as though you actually had any choice in the matter." Just then, Mellor realized what the accent was. "You are a Took." "Indeed I am. I am sister to the Thain and aunt to Sir Peregrin." She used her nephew's Outland title, for she was sure that was how the Man would know of him. "I am honoured, milady." She laughed. It was a charming sound. "I am not a 'lady'. Only my sister-in-law Eglantine holds that title in the Shire, and even with her it is seldom used. If you must be formal, call me Mistress Brandybuck. But I hope that we shall soon be friends, and you may call me by my given name." Mellor nodded. The brief conversation was tiring him, but he needed to know one more thing. "How-how did I come here?" "You were found unconscious on the east bank of the Brandywine, about a mile north of Standelf. It was clear that you had suffered a blow to the head, but how you came to be there, or to be in the River-" Esmeralda shrugged. "At any rate, the Bounder who found you knew you for a Ranger by the Star you wore, and when I got word, I had them bring you here." Dodinas had reached over to take the Ranger's pulse. The healer frowned. "I think that he needs to rest right now, Esme." She nodded. "I'll speak with you again when you are feeling better. Word has been sent, and I should hear from the Master soon." Esmeralda was more worried about his presence than she was letting on. Mellor tried to respond, but a lassitude had overcome him, and he had begun to drift off before she had quite finished speaking. xxxxxxx Dody followed his cousin's wife out of the room where they had placed the injured Ranger. They had made him as comfortable as possible, on a thick pallet, and now the most important thing for him was rest. "Since he does not seem to be bleeding inside his head, I am going to leave some willow-bark for him; he's bound to be in a deal of pain, and suffer a headache for some days to come. I am not quite certain how strong to make it for someone his size; I fear that I am underestimating the amount, but it's better to err on the side of caution. Right now he needs rest more than anything else." "The blow?" asked Esmeralda, concerned, "was it made by violence?" For this was her greatest fear, that perhaps he had been waylaid by straggling Ruffians, who even now might be making their way into Buckland or the Shire. She had ordered extra vigilance, and had asked the Bounders to redouble their watch near the southern borders of Buckland. "I am not certain. It looks more to me like a fall, that perhaps he struck his head upon a rock on the ground. It has not the force I would expect of a deliberate blow. I think a blow any harder would most assuredly have been fatal. But as to how he came to fall and strike his head I could not tell you. That could have been caused by violence-remember what the Banks lads did, spooking the Big Folks' horses? If he were thrown from a horse-" Esmeralda nodded. She was only slightly reassured. "Well, perhaps when his wits have recovered a bit from being shaken, he will be able to tell us. I wonder if his presence has anything to do with the message that took the lads and Saradoc to Tookland." Dody shook his head. "As to that, cousin, your guess is as good as mine." xxxxxxx In the Thain's study at the Great Smials, Paladin Took sat with his brother-in-law Saradoc Brandybuck, and his son and his nephew, and with the Mayor Will Whitfoot. The Mayor was distinctly uncomfortable; he wished Frodo Baggins had come in his place. But Frodo had already told him that he would not act as his Deputy after mid-summer and had not felt up to the trip to Tuckborough this week. Paladin was tapping the latest messages to come to them through Bree. "So, now we know Ted Sandyman's fate. I cannot say I am sorry he is dead, but I am very sorry about the manner of his death." He pursed his lips. "You know that the reward I was offering was still standing. I suppose that it should by rights go to these Rangers who found his body." Pippin and Merry exchanged a glance, and then Pippin shook his head. "They are the King's Rangers; they'll accept no reward. Still, it is the right thing to do, to offer it-just do not be surprised or offended, Father, when they turn it down." Merry nodded. "They are Men of honour; they serve for the love of Aragorn, not for gain." Paladin nodded. Having met several Men who were in service to the King this past spring he had begun to understand. Those Men had a very strict code of honour; he was not unhappy that his son and his nephew seemed to have made that code their own. Saradoc sighed. "What troubles me is this account from Fredegar. We must decide how much should be told about the way in which he died. "Do the people need to know that he was tortured to death by the Ruffians he had served?" Merry sighed. What troubled him was that Fredegar had been there to identify the body. He hoped it had not been too traumatic for his future brother-in-law. But Freddy was in the wide world now, and there would probably be a number of unpleasant experiences in his immediate future. But Merry was sure that it would have been a very disturbing reminder of Freddy's experiences during the Troubles. Just then there was an urgent rapping on the door. Paladin scowled. "Reggie knows I'm not to be disturbed right now! This had better be important. Enter!" he called sharply. Reggie opened the door, an apologetic, yet serious expression on his face. There was a rather sweaty and flushed hobbit standing behind him. "My apologies Thain Paladin," he said formally, "but there is an extremely urgent message just arrived by Quick Post from Buckland. It's from Mistress Brandybuck." Saradoc leapt to his feet, and Merry sat forward with an exclamation of dismay; Pippin laid a comforting hand on his cousin's arm. The messenger entered diffidently, and handed the message to the Master of Buckland. Saradoc took it with trepidation. Paladin reached across the desk and handed him a letter opener. Taking a deep breath Saradoc opened it and read the letter. "Ah!" he said with relief. "There's no illness or disaster to any of the family. But we do have an unexpected guest. It seems the Bounders found an injured Ranger on the banks of the River near Standelf. They took him to Brandy Hall for treatment." "An injured Ranger?" asked Pippin with concern. All the Rangers were Aragorn's people, and most of them were close kin to the King. "Who is he?" "The letter does not say. He was still unconscious when Esme sent this. However, she suggests that as long as the three of us are together, that we send formal permission for him to be in the Shire. That way he should not be in any trouble for breaking the edict." Paladin nodded, and drew forth a sheet of clean parchment and a quill. He scribbled a quick note, and then took out another bottle of red ink, and a fresh quill and signed his name. Saradoc did the same. Paladin glanced at the Mayor, who had remarkably little to say about what was going on. "Will?" The Mayor gave a start, and then rose and walked over to Paladin's desk to add his signature. This did not require seven witnesses, fortunately. Paladin folded the document and sealed it. He looked at the messenger. "You are worn out. Go to the kitchens and get a meal, and we have a room in which you can get some rest. Reggie, if you would, get one of our own messengers to take the reply?" Reggie nodded, and took the letter, and the messenger and went out. Will Whitfoot had sat back down. "Thain Paladin, what should we do now?" he asked diffidently. Paladin sighed. Not for the first time, he wished that Frodo were still the acting Mayor. His Baggins cousin knew how to deal with these Outlandish affairs. But Frodo had been adamant that he was no longer up to the job. "We will finish deciding what brought us here: what to tell the people of the Shire about Sandyman. Then I am sure that Saradoc will wish to return home to see about his unexpected guest. "Peregrin, I cannot leave Tookland this time of year, with the Lithedays fast approaching. Please keep me informed of what you find out about this Ranger, and let me know at once if it appears that any danger threatens. I am depending on you." Pippin nodded. "Yes, sir." His face remained solemn-there was nothing happy about what they were dealing with, but there was a spark of pride and pleasure in his green eyes, at his father's trust and confidence. That was a new thing for him, and it gave him satisfaction to