(Written for the 2010 LOTR Community Remix Exchange) Title: Help My Unbelief (the Unbelief remix) Author: Dreamflower Title, Author, of original story: Unbelief by Larner (I think it may be found at this site.) Rating: G Beta: Lindelea Author's Notes: There were so many of Larner's stories that I would have loved to play with. Unfortunately, the ones that tempted me the most were far too long for a good remix, or would not lend themselves to another author very easily. I began to look among her shorter stories, and found the bunny bit me for this one, as I wanted to know more of her OC Margil. So I decided to retell it from mostly his POV, with a little of Pippin's thrown in for good measure. Readers of the original may note that a good deal of the dialogue is lifted directly from her story. I did not indicate such with italics, my usual practice with quotes, as I feared that would interrupt the flow of the story. But this is a remix, and I give full credit to Larner for the use of her own words in this story. It is, after all, no more than we so often do to the good Professor himself as well. This story is AU to my personal fanon timeline, as I consider it to be set in Larner's universe instead of mine. My thanks to my excellent beta, Lindelea. Her hard work made this a much better story! Summary: A young Gondorian finds his world-view shaken by events in post-War Minas Tirith and an encounter with four halflings. Word Count: 11,877 Help My Unbelief (the Unbelief remix) Margil had been shocked when his family had ridden through the broken gates of the City. The Pelennor had been disturbing, but to see those great Gates broken into splinters made him shudder. He cast his eyes to his parents, hoping they had not noticed. He was old enough not to be afraid of things, especially things that had not happened! The City had won, it had, and his nightmarish thoughts of the Dark Lord's armies overrunning Gondor, burning and pillaging as they would were just that, nightmares. He firmly thrust away remembrance of other dreams, somehow more terrible for their reality. It would not do to remember how he had felt that dreadful night as he had watched the passage of that terrible Army, trying his courage. Dreams were of no substance and memories were in the past. He was not going to think of those things! They had stopped briefly at their own house, and even though Margil had been told, it was yet another shock to see it covered in ash. His mother, Narieth, and their servant Popea got out there, meeting with the workers who had been engaged to help see to the cleaning. His father continued on with Margil and his older sister, Valariel, to the home of Aunt Elisien and Uncle Marcarion, where the family would stay until their City home was habitable. Now Margil tried to put the destruction out of his mind and look forward to seeing his cousin Valdarion again. He had not seen his cousin since before the War began in earnest. They were much of an age, and Margil thought that the two of them could have a lot of fun now that the Enemy had been vanquished and the King had returned. He had not seen his cousin since before the War began in earnest. As they travelled up the levels to the home of his Aunt Elisien and Uncle Valdamir, the signs of damage were all about them. The First Circle was nearly destroyed, and the damage in the Second and Third Circles also bore some traces of damage from the siege. But things were somewhat improved as they passed from the Third to the Fourth and then the Fifth Circle, where his uncle's home was. It was a large house with a walled garden and a wrought-iron gate and Margil felt relieved to see it come in sight, though he nearly jumped out of his skin when he heard the screeches of the peacocks. His father cast a sidelong look at him, both worried and wary. "Is something wrong, son?" His father's gentle question annoyed and irritated Margil. He did not need to be babied! "I am fine, father!" he snapped. He was instantly appalled at the way he had sounded, and hunkered down sullenly, waiting for his father's sharp reprimand. Instead, Marcarion just sighed and tightened his lips. This made Margil feel even worse than he would have if his father had yelled at him as he deserved. He did not know why it seemed lately that everything and everybody rubbed him the wrong way. But all his irritation was cast aside by the enthusiastic greetings of his cousins. Valdarion was as glad to see him as Margil was to see Valdarion. They embraced briefly, and then exchanged playful blows to the shoulders. Margil also greeted his Aunt Elisien and his younger cousins, Hirgon Arniel and Meliseth. Within, the conversation turned to the ending of the War and the presence in the City of those who had come with the new King."Where is Valdamir?" his father asked. "Down in the First Circle with several others of the guild masters and engineers and masons and Lord Gimli the Dwarf, discussing how the guild halls should be rebuilt." "Dwarves in the city," Uncle Marc murmured, shaking his head not in disbelief but awe. "Dwarves and Elves. Who would believe it? When we saw the company riding through the town followed by the army of the Dead, all cried and covered their heads-but they saved the realm for us. And the King has returned! Legends walk abroad in the land." Margil thought to impress his cousins with his tale of seeing the King riding through Pelargir, and reached up to take Valdarion's shoulder, pulling him down so he could whisper into his ear, "I didn't cover my head-I was peeking out the window to see, until Popea realized what I was doing, and hurried back to pull me inside and slammed the shutters closed." "What was it like?" Valdarion hissed back. "There were figures riding through-a group of Men on horseback followed by a dark shadow. The Men were all very tall, save for one who rode on the same horse as another." "That would be Lord Gimli riding behind Prince Legolas, I think," Valdarion answered somewhat more loudly. "We see them riding sometimes together through the city." Margil's father heard him. "Lord Gimli? Prince Legolas?" He thought perhaps Valdar looked a bit impressed, but he lacked the chance to make the most of his daring, as the adults kept the conversation moving. But Margil soon grew bored with the talk and again drew down his cousin's ear to whisper "Let us get out of here and leave the grown-ups to their talk." Valdarion shrugged, and then turned to his mother. "Nana, may I take Margil out to show him the chicks?" "Of course, beloved. But do not seek to handle them overmuch." "I'll go out with them," Arniel announced. Her brother smiled, but her cousin shrugged his shoulders and rolled his eyes, for he had little use as yet for girls. The three older children quitted the room, and headed out to the enclosure where Margil's sister Valeriel already waited with the two younger cousins, Meliseth and Hirgon. The children went into the enclosure where the peacocks were kept in the evenings, and Arniel went to a large pot with a hinged lid, and lifted lifting up one side she scooped out a handful of grain with which to feed the chicks, which had come scurrying up—although they stayed beyond arm's reach. Valdarion also scooped up a handful and put the grain into Margil's hands. Margil was trying to entice the chicks to him, but they shied away from him. He grew impatient, and at last threw the grain from him, at which all the birds hurried to where it had landed. "Stupid birds," he muttered. Valdarion scowled at him, which made him flush. Arniel shook her head, got some grain herself and knelt down, holding still. After some minutes of patience at last two of the chicks approached her, cautiously feeding from her hand while she remained still, followed by three others. "You have to be patient," she said quietly, "like the Cormacolindor . He is very patient with them, and they love to come up to him." Margil sneered. "Little girls have very big imaginations." Arniel looked at him sharply, an expression of hurt on her face. "I did not imagine anything. Valdar and I have met the Cormacolindor and his friends as well! All of the pheriain have been here!" Margil flushed, and then, moved by what imp of mischief he did not know, said "What a load of tripe!" Arniel's eyes grew wide and her jaw dropped. "Margil!" Her voice was sharp and shocked. Hirgon and Meliseth were staring with round eyes, and Valdarion was giving Margil a look that he'd never seen before on his cousin's face, one of pure fury. Then Valdarion took a deep breath, and said in a voice entirely too cool for the fire in his eyes, "Margil, you should not speak to her that way. She is telling the truth. We have indeed met the pheriain . They like to come and see the peacocks, for they have nothing like them in their own lands." Valdarion's voice was calm and reasonable, which for some reason made Margil even angrier. "Do not encourage her tales, cousin," he said nastily. "Everyone knows that halflings are but nursery tales. There are no such things as pheriannath !" Until he said this, Margil had not really thought to doubt them—after all if Elves and Dwarves could be, why not halflings? But the certainty in his cousins' voices and the idea that they had actually met such creatures somehow infuriated him. He was startled when little Hirgon stepped up to him. "Take that back!" he yelled, brandishing his toy sword. "What are you going to do, then," he said mockingly, "slay me, like the halfling and a woman supposedly slew the Captain of the Nazgûl? As if anyone believed that tale! How could tiny little creatures only half the size of Men do any of those things the wild tales are saying about them?" Valdarion pulled Hirgon to his side and put an arm around him as if to protect him from his older cousin. "You haven't the slightest idea what they're like, for you haven't even seen them. Well, we have, and more than once. And you might think of that before you make such foolish statements in the future!" So saying, he gave Margil a glare and patting his brother on the shoulder, turned away and went off in a carefully controlled temper around the side of the house. Margil gazed in dismay after him. What had he done? This was not at all what he had hoped for from this visit. And then the adults came out, fetched by Meliseth, who had slipped away unnoticed to tattle about the quarrel. Margil's heart sank. He knew he was in trouble now. And what made it worse was he knew he deserved it. Yet he could not admit that now! Besides, even if there were such things as pheriannath , it was hard to countenance the idea that they had actually met and spoken to his cousins, who after all, were just ordinary children. Still, he'd never known Valdarion to lie. He only half listened to his father's stern scolding. As to his punishment- since his parents had decided to bar him from going to the banquet, well, he would just spend the time when all were at the feast alone. At least that way he would not insult anyone else with his big