AUTHOR'S NOTE: "Thrimmidge" is equivalent to May; "1 Lithe" is the first of the Midsummer holiday; "Halimath" is September; "Blotmath" is November; and "1 Yule" is the last day of the old year, "2 Yule" the first day of the new. THE NEW YEAR BABY, 15 Thrimmidge, S.R. 1416 Frodo sat on the bench next to the front step of Bag End, enjoying a pipe, and watching Sam as he worked in the herbaceous border along the path. It was early for elevenses yet, but he was feeling a little peckish, and thought he would ask Sam to come in and join him for some tea and seedcake, when he noticed the post-hobbit coming in at the gate to Bag End. "Good morning, Mr. Baggins!" said that individual cheerily. "And Sam." Sam looked up and grinned, but did not stop his work. "Hullo, Hob! Post for me, I take it?" Frodo tapped out his pipe, and lay it beside him on the bench. "Just the one letter here, Mr. Baggins, from the Great Smials…" he handed the envelope over. Frodo raised his eyebrows at the familiar scrawl. Pippin, then. But he was surprised-Pippin and Merry had only just left Bag End from their spring visit last week. What on earth could Pippin be writing him about so soon? He hoped nothing was amiss… As Hob went on his way, whistling happily, Frodo ran his thumb under the seal and opened the letter. It was brief, Pippin's letters always were. Sam had stopped a moment to watch his master's face. Frodo grinned, and then laughed. "Good news, Mr. Frodo?" "See for yourself, Sam!" He held the letter out to the gardener, who stood up and wiped his hands on his trousers, and reached for it, not without a thought at the back of his mind that the Gaffer would not approve of his reading his master's correspondence, even if it were his master's idea. "Dear Frodo, I'm to be an uncle at last! Pimmie and Milo are going to have a baby sometime around next Yule! Isn't it splendid? Love, your cousin, Pippin P.S. Merry says tell you that if I don't stop bouncing about and crowing over this he's going to sit on me. I think he's just jealous because he won't be an uncle!" Sam laughed. "If that don't sound just like Mr. Pippin and Mr. Merry! So, there'll be another little Took cousin for you, then, sir?" "Goodbody," said Frodo absently, smiling fondly. "Pimpernel's married to a Goodbody. But I'm quite sure everyone will count this little one as a Took, whatever the last name may be!" With a tender smile, he folded the letter up and put it away. He would have to see about something very nice as a gift for the new baby. "Well, Sam, what do you say about some elevenses?" 1 Lithe, S.R. 1416 Merry looked up in amusement from the map of the Westfarthing he was studying. Pippin was going to wear a hole in the library carpet if Frodo did not arrive soon. He had to admit, he was eager to see Frodo again himself, but he was old enough now to wait with a bit of dignity, instead of hopping about the way Pippin did. He smiled to himself. Come to think of it, he didn't much expect Pippin would ever learn to wait with dignity-no matter how old he got. He shook his head and rolled the map up, replacing it with care into the red leather map case. "Do you want to go down to the lane and wait?" he asked. But just then they heard voices in the front hall. "Good afternoon, Mr. Baggins, may I take your pack?" "Yes, thank you, Timmon. Where may I find Pippin? Oof! Never mind." for Pippin had bolted from the library to greet his cousin, Merry at his heels. "You are getting too old for that, Pip! You'll be knocking me over next!" Merry watched Frodo and Pippin for a moment, and then took his own chance to embrace his older cousin. "Hullo, Frodo! You're looking fit." "I should do, after that trek." Frodo usually walked to Great Smials. It was only about fourteen miles cross-country, after all. The three cousins linked arms and headed toward the passages leading to the Thain's apartments. Frodo knew that Timmon would already have taken his pack to his own guest room, and he was eager to greet Cousins Paladin and Eglantine. Pippin was talking a mile a minute about everything under the Sun, when he stopped speaking abruptly. "Botheration!" he said. The cousins stopped, and Frodo and Merry saw what Pippin had noticed. There stood Cousin Hyacinth, Reggie Took's wife, speaking to Mistress Poppy, the healer. "I was just wondering," came Hyacinth's piercing tones, "how poor Pearl is taking this news of her sister's expectancy?" Mistress Poppy looked as though she had swallowed something sour. "I am sure I could not say anything about that," she replied in an icy tone of voice. It had no effect on Hyacinth however, who continued speaking as though nothing had been said. "After all, the poor dear has been wed to Falco Bolger for three years now, and no sign of a child. I am sure that this must be breaking her heart…" Frodo pursed his lips, and glanced at his younger cousins. Merry's face was getting redder by the minute, and Pippin's was getting paler. "Good day, Cousin Hyacinth," he said frostily. He gave her the full benefit of his blue-eyed glare. She started when she saw him. For some reason he flustered her badly. "Er, good afternoon, Frodo. I-I need to be going now." She beat a hasty and scarcely dignified retreat. Poppy Burrows watched the retreating back with amusement. "Thank you, Mr. Baggins," she said, "I was at a loss as to how to get rid of her." "Think nothing of it," said Frodo. "I am quite sure that Pearl is just as thrilled for her sister as all the rest of us are." Poppy smiled at him. "I think you are quite right! But I need to be on my way. One of the new kitchen maids seems to have developed a bit of a stomachache." Pippin was looking at Frodo in admiration. "I wish I knew how you do that, Frodo!" Frodo shook his head; he was sure he didn't know, but it was effective. In the Thain's apartment, a family gathering was already underway. Paladin and Eglantine greeted Frodo fondly, and he went over to also greet Pippin's aunts, Primrose and Peridot. They both had quite a soft spot for the son of their dear friend Primula. Pimpernel was seated on the settee by the hearth. She was clearly blooming-it seemed that being with child agreed with her. Her sisters Pearl and Pervinca were listening to her as she discussed the possibilities for names for the baby. "If it's a lad, it will be named after Milo's great-great-great-grandfather Togo. But we are really having trouble with a lasses' name. Milo and I are agreed: no 'P' names! We will leave those for Pippin, when he marries and has children. The baby will be a Goodbody after all. We want a flower name-the problem is which flower. So many of the best ones are taken!" " 'Aster'," said Pearl. "Too common," answered Pimpernel. " 'Hibiscus'," offered Pervinca. Pimmie shook her head. "Too fancy. It's going to be a Yule baby, so there's not much in bloom that time of year…" "How about 'Snowdrop'?" asked Pearl. Pimmie pursed her lips. "I don't think so." Frodo walked over and greeted the Took sisters. "You are looking very well, Pimmie." "Thank you, Frodo." "I couldn't help but hear your discussion. Why should it be any particular flower? 'Blossom' is a lovely name, as is 'Flora'." "Hmm…'Blossom'? I'm not sure…but, you have given me an idea or two, Frodo." In the corner, Milo was talking with his mother Dianthus Goodbody, a close friend of Eglantine Took. "Yes, mother, we will be moving into our own set of apartments at the end of Afterlithe. Pimmie and her mother are having them painted and redecorated, and one of the rooms outfitted as a nursery…" A peal of laughter from the settee caught Frodo's ear, as the sisters began to suggest more and more outrageous names. " 'Lithodora'," said Pearl. " 'Calibrachoa'," giggled Pervinca. " 'Cabbage'," grinned Pearl. " 'Turnip-blossom'," laughed Pimpernel helplessly. "Just so long," said Frodo, arching one eyebrow mischievously, "as you don't name her 'Lobelia'." At that, nearly everyone in the room burst into laughter. 22 Halimath, S.R. 1416 Pimpernel looked out of the window crossly. It was a cold and grey day, more fitting to Blotmath than to Halimath*, but it suited her cold and grey mood. She placed one hand over her rounded stomach, and shook her head. She was feeling quite sorry for herself. She looked about the new apartment-it still smelled of new paint, though not as strongly as at first it had. She had needed to return to her parent's apartment for two weeks as the paint smell dissipated, for it had made her feel quite ill. Moving away from the window, with its depressing view of drizzle, she turned to the new nursery. It was cheerful and colorful. The beautiful cradle of oak that was an heirloom of the Tooks had been refinished, and gleamed golden, and it was dressed in a beautiful knitted blanket of palest green and yellow. Aunt Primrose had knitted the blanket. There was a yellowish cast to the paint on the walls. Her sister Pervinca had painted leaves and vines around the windows and doorframes, and gauzy white curtains hung at the windows. It was all very nice. But- Here she was, all alone. The rest of the family had gone to Hobbiton for Frodo's Birthday, but it simply wasn't on for her to travel so far right now. And Milo had not gone without her, but he had gone into town for some reason. She sighed. "Pim?" It was Milo. "I picked up the post while I was in town," he said. He had two parcels, one of them rather small. "I knew my mother was sending this." Curiously, she took the first one he proffered, the larger one. It was addressed to her in her mother-in- law's elegant hand. She pulled the brown paper away. "Oh Milo!" Her eyes pricked with tears, as she held up the tiny garment, of white lawn and lace. "It was my Naming Day gown, and my sister's after me," he said. "It's beautiful!" She looked at the tiny stitches, the white-on-white embroidery, the perfect little tucks at the bodice and hem. "You had another parcel as well, my love," he said. "Is that from your mother also?" He shook his head, and handed it to her. She looked at the address. "Why, it's from Cousin Frodo!" Eagerly she pulled the paper away, to reveal a letter and a small box. Opening the box, she gasped. There, on a fine gold chain, was an enamel pendant of her nameflower. Milo grinned at her. "Should I be jealous of Cousin Frodo?" he asked teasingly. She laughed, and handed him the necklace, reaching up to pull her hair away from her neck. Obligingly, he fastened it for her. Then she took up the letter, written in Frodo's graceful script: "My dear Cousin Pimpernel, I was so sorry to hear that you would be unable to attend my Party this year. But I am very glad of the reason. However, I could not allow this gift to go to waste, even though you are farther away than twelve miles. Affectionately yours, Cousin Frodo" Pimpernel giggled, all her good humor restored. "This was very thoughtful of Cousin Frodo," she said. "He could have simply sent the package home with my parents." She smiled up at her husband. "I am still a