AUTHOR: Dreamflower RATING : G CATEGORY : General SUMMARY : During a moment on the Quest, Pippin remembers another time long before… AUTHOR'S NOTES: In the flashback sequence, Frodo is not yet 37, Merry is 23, and Pippin is 15. (About 23, 14 ½ and 9 in Man years.) Nibs and Rufus are one year older than Pippin, and Rusty is about the same age. (The challenge was to incorporate two elements: Merry's thoughts as he crossed the rope-bridge in Lorien, and the fair game "Hook-a-Duck".) DISCLAIMER: Middle-earth and all its peoples belong to the Tolkien Estate. I own none of them. Some of them, however, seem to own me. PIPPIN THE PROTECTOR Pippin stood on the far side of the Celebrant. Legolas had crossed first, swiftly and lightly, then Gimli, slowly and grim faced. Boromir had followed. Pippin was the first of the hobbits to cross, lightly and confidently; Frodo, Sam and Merry stood on the other side with Aragorn and Gandalf. Pippin stared across the chasm of the river dividing them, and hoped he could send feelings of confidence to Merry. He could see Merry staring back at him, Frodo with his hand on his Brandybuck cousin's shoulder. Frodo knew as well as he did, what Merry must feel at the moment. Merry had done very well so far on the journey in keeping his fear of heights in check. Of course the other hazards they were facing rather helped. It was hard to think about fear of heights when blizzards were raging, or Wargs or Orcs were attacking. He thought back to their conversation earlier in the morning. "Thanks, Pip," Merry had said to him, when the two had found a quiet moment together after breakfast. Pippin was genuinely surprised. "For what, Merry?" "Last night; making it seem that you were the one who was frightened up in the flet." "Well, I was." Merry looked at him askance. "I know. You were frightened for me." Pippin blushed. "I know it was hard for you. I just thought it might be easier if you didn't have to say much. Besides, you've covered for me often enough." "That's true." He waggled his eyebrows, and Pippin laughed. "Thanks anyway. I don't know why I care what these Elves think, but…" Pippin was spared having to reply to this unaccustomed humility by the call from Strider to come along. It was disconcerting to have Merry treating him more like an equal, instead of the baby of the family. He liked it, but it took some getting used to. And he knew better than to expect that state of affairs to last forever, anyway. Even if they all lived as long as Bilbo, he'd still be the younger cousin. Merry was approaching the ropes now, a determined set to his shoulders. Although his face was tiny from this distance, Pippin could easily imagine the fierce expression of stubbornness which it would now have, just as easily as if he were only a couple of feet from his cousin. He took a deep breath, and willed Merry to look at him. Just focus on me, Merry, he thought, and his mind suddenly flashed back to a long ago time in the Shire, when he had first come to realize that he could protect his older cousins, as well as the other way round… xxxxxxx It was the year Pippin was fifteen; his family had gone, as usual to the Great Smials for the Lithedays. But they had scarcely arrived when Thain Ferumbras had summoned Paladin to his study for a long talk, leaving Eglantine and the children to settle into their guest apartments on their own. Pippin was soon bored. Frodo would not arrive until the next day, and Merry would not be there for another day or two, depending on how quickly his family got away from Buckland. His father had returned to them just before teatime, and whisked his mother away to their room for a private conversation. Pippin's sisters were alarmed, he could tell; most especially Pearl, who did not participate in Vinca's and Pimmie's wild speculations, but kept casting troubled looks in the direction of her parents' bedroom door. This in turn alarmed Pippin, who could not by any stretch imagine what the old Thain could have said to make his father look so grim. They came back out after a few moments, smiling, but the smiles clearly did not reach their eyes. "We have some things to tell you, children," said Eglantine, giving her husband a sympathetic glance, "but there is no time for it now. We have to be at tea with the Thain in just a few moments." It was unfortunate, but the whole business of a formal tea made Pippin more fidgety than he usually was. And his parents were too preoccupied to keep track of just how many sweet biscuits and cakes Pippin managed to eat. The result was tea spilt all over himself, and Pearl crossly took him away. Although he was embarrassed at having such an accident in front of all those snooty Smials Tooks, for the most part he felt relieved that he had an excuse to leave. He was angry, too, at the way Cousin Reggie's daughters had all snickered behind their hands at him, and the way their mother had looked down her nose at him like he was something nasty on the bottom of her foot. He felt bad about this, because he liked Cousin Reggie a good deal, and wished for his sake that he could like his family a bit better. But Frodo would be here tomorrow. Maybe the two of them could go for a ramble together and get away from this place. And then his parents and Pimmie and Vinca had returned, and Paladin had sat them all down to tell them- xxxxx "Frodo!" Pippin leaped into his older cousin's arms the second he saw him, and clung to him tightly. "Whatever is the matter, Pip?" Frodo asked. "Father is to be Thain! Now! Not years and years from now, but in only a few weeks!" "What?" Frodo's voice was sharp with surprise. "It's true! The Thain says his health is bad and he's giving it over to Father and we have to move here and leave Whitwell! And I don't think Father wants to! And he says I had better start getting used to the idea that I'll be Thain, too!" Frodo gave him a squeeze, and put him down. "Let me go talk to your father for a while, Pippin, and then maybe we'll go for a walk, and perhaps find someplace for a swim?" This cheered Pippin immensely, as did the news when Frodo returned. "Pip, when Merry gets here, tomorrow or the next day, we'll check with Aunt Esme and Uncle Sara, but I think the three of us will skip the festivities here at the Smials. Cousin Paladin has given me permission to take you to Michel Delving, for the fair there, instead of biding here. How does that sound?" This was enough to make Pippin whoop with joy, and forget all about his father's dire news. xxxxx The Fair at Michel Delving was one of the largest in the Shire, far larger than the one held in the fall at Bucklebury. Merry and Pippin had never been to it, for Tooks and their family connections were expected to be at the Great Smials for the Lithedays ever since the days of the first Ferumbras, and most especially since the days of the Old Took when they were a grand occasion, and were lit up by fireworks from Gandalf. But Bilbo and Frodo had often skipped the Lithedays at the Smials in the days when Lalia held sway, and gone to the Fair instead. Bilbo could afford to thumb his nose at her, and enjoyed doing so-he disliked her very nearly as much as he did Lobelia Sackville-Baggins. But after Bilbo left, for Merry's and Pippin's sake, Frodo had made it his habit to attend, even though he liked the Fair better. Frodo had hired a pony-trap for the brief journey, and made arrangements for the three of them to stay at The Laughing Dog , one of Michel Delvings' smaller and quieter inns. It was run by a widow, Mistress Photinia Tunnelly, and was often sought out by older hobbits, who liked peace and quiet, and by families with children, who wanted a place to stay that would not expose the little ones to a lot of rowdiness. Not that she did not serve a very nice dark ale, but hobbits were not encouraged to linger over it, or drink to excess. "Master Frodo- or Mr. Baggins, as I should say!" she exclaimed, "Why I've not had your custom since the summer before your Uncle Bilbo up and left!" Frodo gave her a buss on the cheek. "Mistress Photinia! It's long overdue then, that I come to stay now. Here, let me present my cousins, who have come with me to the fair: this is Meriadoc Brandybuck and Peregrin Took." Both of them gave polite bows and placed themselves at her service. She simpered. "Now, such polite and well-spoken young hobbits! But that's no wonder as you are Mr. Baggins' kin!" She turned to Frodo. "There's a room down the corridor, second door to the right, that's not been taken. I'd had a hobbit who'd booked the room, but he changed his mind about staying when one of his kinfolk hereabouts invited him to come in with them." She led them in to the room, chattering as they went. "Now, you just put your things in the room and come back down to the common room, and I'll see that you have some luncheon, for all that it's a bit late. I've some new loaves, and some chicken and mushroom stew, some ham, and I do believe I've some strawberry fool for afters…" In just a few moments they were seated, with a veritable feast before them, and Pippin was bouncing with excitement. "Frmmdl, wndb duha phfrtt shtrt?" At the exact same second, Frodo said "Don't talk with your mouth full, Pip, dear," and Merry said "For goodness' sake, swallow before you talk." Pippin took up his mug and took a deep swallow of milk. "Frodo, when does the Fair start?" "Not officially until tomorrow. But there's much we can do this afternoon if you wish. It'll be good to get out and about and see the town." Merry nodded and Pippin grinned. "Mistress Photinia?" Frodo called their hostess and she bustled over. "What can I do for you, Mr. Baggins?" Frodo took out the silver penny Eglantine had given him for Pippin's use. "Can you change this for me, please?" "Coppers or farthings?" "Farthings, I think, thank you." She hurried away, and Frodo glanced at Merry. "How are you fixed for money, Merry?" "Oh I'm fine, Frodo." Pippin sighed enviously. Uncle Saradoc gave Merry pocket money every Highday, two coppers a week, until he had become a tween, and now it was three. But Merry usually saved his money, and was generally sensible when he did spend it. The one time Paladin and Eglantine had tried giving Pippin his own pocket money, he had spent the lot of it at one go, at the sweet shop. Then he had come home and run everyone at the farm ragged for three days, trying to keep up with him and calm him down. After that, his parents would give Pippin's money to his sisters or Merry when they took him somewhere. It was embarrassing having to ask permission to spend his own money. Mistress Photinia came back with the change, and Frodo looked at Pippin with a twinkle in his eyes. "And how many farthings should there be, now, Pip?" Pippin rolled his eyes and caught Merry grinning at him. Frodo was almost as bad as Cousin Bilbo sometimes