(Written in 2010 for the Waymeet genre challenge.) Author: Dreamflower Title: Ember-Roasted Artichokes Challenge: Genre challenge (My genre was "culinary") Rating: G Characters: The Fellowship, a couple of OCs Words: 4,253 Summary: In Cormallen, Merry makes an unexpected and delightful culinary discovery. Author's Notes: My genre was culinary, and my words were: artichoke, earthenware, garlic, hourglass, and meadow. I am aware that I have a botanical improbability here. I will explain further in my End Notes*! Ember-Roasted Artichokes 12 Astron, T.A. 3019, S.R. 1419 Since I have finished the accounts that Éomer King set for me, and as I know he will not allow me to return to the tent where my cousins and Sam await until they waken from their naps, I shall take some time to write down my small doings of yesterday. I am not nearly so fretful as I was before I saw all three of them up and about four days ago, still my king and Strider say we will all rest better if I do not spend all of my time at their sides. Yesterday, Strider asked one of the Rangers of Ithilien, a Man by the name of Findegil, to do some foraging for some of the more common healing herbs that the healers are beginning to run short of. Éomer asked if I would accompany him, and perhaps do some foraging myself for some foodstuffs that would be useful. It is rather early spring to find much besides greens, but I agreed. It would be a far more agreeable task to be out in the sunshine and clean air than sitting in a tent copying lists of horses or mending harness or polishing the same armour I have been polishing over and over. The Field of Cormallen is in a wide meadow . There are a few copses of trees about, such as the one where Frodo and Sam were taken to awaken the other day, but there is not much else growing there now after days of an encampment, and Men and horses tromping about. Once we are gone, it will soon spring back to life, however. I followed Findegil south and east, past the edges of the encampment to where a wide stream ran back to the Anduin River. I was surprised to see what pretty country there was in that direction since it ran towards the Black Land; looking east, I could see a series of rills and waterfalls in the distance. The country was hilly and well wooded, though not densely wooded. It reminded me somewhat of the Green Hills area of the Tooklands, though it was a wilder, shaggier land. I took a deep breath, and suddenly a wave of homesickness overtook me. Yet it passed quickly with the joyful realization that not only would I be going home; we all would, something I had not been altogether sure of just a week past. I heard Findegil behind me also take a deep breath. " 'Tis wonderful to breathe the clean air of Ithilien, and to see blue sky to the East, where only a few weeks past were only foul smokes and darkness, is it not, Sir Meriadoc?" I gave a start. I am not all that used to my new title. "Please, just call me 'Merry'!" I said. The Man blushed and smiled. "The Ringbearers are your cousins, are they not...Merry?" I chuckled. "Frodo is my first cousin once removed as well as my second, also once removed, on the Brandybuck side; he's also my third cousin on the Took side of the family. But so far as I know, I'm no relation at all to Sam." I gave a sly look at the Man- it was fun to see their reactions to statements like that. He blinked, but to give him credit, he showed no other sign of astonishment. "Sam's a very dear friend, though," I added. Findegil smiled. "I had the good fortune to see them when they came into the keeping of Captain Faramir on their journey. Your cousin was very quiet, with good reason as now I know, though we all guessed wrongly as to the object of their journey. Samwise, however, was a very droll fellow." I grinned at this, imagining Sam's blush when I passed the description on to him. We began to walk once more, now keeping our eyes open for the signs of the herbs and other things we had hoped to search for. "I have to say, Findegil, I am surprised at this whole country-" I waved an arm about to indicate what I meant. "it seems strange to see such a place so close..." my voice dropped off. It's still hard to say Mordor out loud, though writing it down does not seem so hard. "Ithilien was once called the 'garden of Gondor'. All of this country was once a province of farms and villages. It's why we shall have good fortune in our foraging, for many of the plants of field and garden grew wild and multiplied when the farms were abandoned after the Enemy returned." "I remember Sam telling me just yesterday what luck he had finding greens and potherbs when he made a coney stew hereabouts..." I darted over just then to a patch of sorrel and added a goodly supply to my foraging bag. I noticed that Findegil had found some rue, borage, and pennyroyal, so I left those to him. I cast my eyes for more. Wild carrots I spotted, and remembering what Sam had said, I pulled one, but the root was woody and too mature for good eating. I saw some mushrooms, but close examination showed me they were poisonous, so I left them alone. I suppose my disappointment must have been obvious, for Findegil came to my side and said, "You will find no wholesome mushrooms hereabouts, sadly enough." Near a tumble of rocks, covered in stonecrop, which Findegil gathered, as stonecrop is good for staunching bleeding, I spotted some wild onions and wild garlic , and added some to my bag. Findegil gave an exclamation, and turned away, "This was probably once a farmhouse. Let us go see what might have been left in its fields." He seemed anxious to hurry away, though I was not altogether convinced we had found all there was to find there. I left him to silence for a few minutes, and then asked him what the matter was. At first he did not answer, but finally he said, "There were bones there, Merry. I did not think you needed to see them." "Oh." He didn't need to say more. I remember what the orcs had done in Rohan to many of the farms and villages of the Westfold. We found a number of other useful plants. I had found enough greens for quite a large salad, but as I had suspected, it was too early for berries and such, though I did see a patch of strawberries still in bloom, with a few green berries. Some even had a pinkish tinge to them. I made note of their location. Assuming we were still here in a week or so, I'd return. Imagine Frodo's delight if I could present him with some fresh strawberries! Indeed, a number of edible plants could be seen hither and yon, but few were of harvestable size yet. I did find more herbs: sprigs of thyme, rosemary, and bay were added to my bag. I was sure that the cooks in the mess tent would be happy to see them. "Sir- I mean, Merry! Look!" Findegil was pointing excitedly at a plant that looked to me like nothing so much as an overgrown thistle. I strode over and looked at the plant. "What is it?" I asked, curious as to what could have excited my companion so. He looked at me, surprised. "Do they not have artichokes in your land?" he asked. I shook my head. "I have never heard of them," I answered. "Are they edible?" I reached up to touch one of the thick thornlike scales that covered the fruit. "They are, indeed! They are considered quite a delicacy, though there is much work involved in eating them," he laughed as he spoke. "What did you say they were called?" "Artichokes. You see, the tastiest part of it is hidden within the heart of it. And it is covered with a fur like substance that would choke a person; 'heart of choke' is what I have always been told. Only a small part of the whole thing is edible, though." He looked about, seeing two other similar plants in our vicinity. "There are not enough here to feed many, but I daresay it would make a fine treat for the Ringbearers and young Sir Peregrin, as well as for yourself." The idea pleased me, but I pursed my lips. "It seems scarcely fair for the hobbits to have a treat that others cannot share." "Merry, none would grudge such a thing to you all! I am sure everyone would be pleased for all four of you to indulge in such a thing. If you are concerned, you can ask the King or Mithrandir, but I am sure they too would be pleased. It would be good to have something special for them, especially for Lord Frodo." He began to cut the strange fruits from their stalk. "What fortune!" he exclaimed, as he looked at the other plants. "It appears that there are eight of them- enough for all the company of walkers!" This pleased me well. I knew that Frodo would feel better about the treat if we could share at least some of it with others. There were a few more small ones lower down on the stalks. Findegil harvested them as well, to my surprise. "Won't they grow larger if you leave them?" He shook his head. "No, and these are more tender within. While there is not enough meat on these for any one person, the cooks can use them as an ingredient in other things, I am sure." We took our bounty and returned to the encampment. Findegil reported to the King of our finds. He was pleased both with the healing herbs and the artichokes. "Merry, will you deliver them, as well as the cooking herbs, to the cooks?" I nodded, and hurried off with my bundle. Master Pellas, the chief cook, was quite pleased to see the various herbs. "They will add a bit of flavour to the plain rations we are yet forced to work with. Though I know that some of the soldiers have gone to try their hands at hunting and fishing to supplement our stores. Although," he sighed, "there is not likely to be a lot of game where orcs have been for so long." I asked him about the artichokes, wondering would he mind preparing them for our company that evening? "Indeed, Merry," for I had early on insisted he not call me "Sir Meriadoc", "In the city, I would boil them in an earthenware pot. They must never be cooked in an iron pot, for it turns them an unappetizing colour. But here I will roast them in the embers of the cooking fire." "May I watch?" I asked. It would be most interesting to see how these odd vegetables were prepared. He was only too happy to allow me to observe. First he cut off a goodly portion of the top, where the spiky leaves were. He also trimmed the stem. Once he had done that, he rinsed them and carefully spread the leaves apart. He inserted slivers of the wild garlic, and some of the thyme and other herbs we had found in between some of the leaves. Then he sprinkled salt, and poured some oil of olives- a substance in much use in the South- over them. After he had prepared the first one, I was able to assist