(Written in 2005 for Marigold's Challenge #23) AUTHOR: Dreamflower RATING: G CATEGORY: General SUMMARY: Frodo tells young Merry and Berilac a story. AUTHOR'S NOTES: (1) My story starter was: "_ looked around_. This was getting them nowhere." I had to include a spyglass, a pair of slippers, a flood and a party, and Berilac Brandybuck. (2) In this story, Frodo is 23, Berilac is about to turn 11, and Merry is 9. (14 ½,7 and 6 in Man-years.) DISCLAIMER: Middle-earth and all its peoples belong to the Tolkien Estate. I own none of them. Some of them, however, seem to own me. ONCE UPON A TIME... "Berilac!" Beri snatched his hand away quickly, and turned to see Cousin Frodo standing in the door to Grandda's study. He blushed. "What are you doing? You know Uncle Rory would not be best pleased to see you messing about with his spyglass." "I was just waiting for him. Mum said I had to ask his permission to go in the mathom rooms-she said I'm still too little to go by myself." "Well, I'm glad Merry saw you coming in here. Uncle Rory's gone to see if any of the fields between here and Standelf are flooded from last night's rain." Frodo saw the child's face fall. "Perhaps we can catch Uncle Sara before he gets too busy; he has to go to Bucklebury to see the blacksmith. But he can give you permission, and then Merry and I can come with you." "Thank you, Frodo! I'm glad you're visiting. I miss you." Frodo smiled. "Well, it's good to see everyone again. I'm sorry you couldn't come to my birthday in Hobbiton last week, but I am glad that I could be here for your birthday." Frodo led the lad out of the tempting room that was the Master's study. As he knew only too well, there were a good many interesting things in there that were hard for a young lad to keep his hands off. Merry was waiting just by the door, and the three of them hurried back up to see if they could catch Saradoc. The Son of the Hall had a good many duties to attend to that day, but he gladly gave Frodo permission to escort Beri and Merry down to some of the storage rooms, so that Beri could pick out some mathoms as gifts for his upcoming birthday party. Most of the items they came across in the first room were simply unsuitable for a child to give as gifts. They were mostly large items of furniture that were going unused. There were beds and chairs and tables and shelves and chests and a great stack of unused copper bathtubs. Frodo looked around the room, and a sad look came over his face. This was getting them nowhere. He stood for a moment running his hand over a nicely carved rocking chair, before he cleared his throat, and said huskily, "I don't think we will find anything in this room, Beri. Let's try another." He gave a final pat to the chair, and then found Merry clinging to his side, hugging him. His arm went around his little cousin automatically, and they left the room behind. The next room was more likely. It was filled with a jumble of all sorts of interesting things, and Frodo watched amused, as his two little cousins began to rummage. "Merry! Do you think your mother will like this?" Berilac held up a small blue bowl with daisies painted around the rim. Merry looked at it very carefully, before finally saying, "Yes, Beri. I think she'd like it very much." The bowl was put aside with several other items that had been selected, and the two younger lads continued their search. "Frodo!" Merry called sharply. "What is this?" He held up an item that Frodo had never seen before, yet in a way it looked somewhat familiar-as if he had heard it described before. "Here's another one!" Berilac held up another, identical to the first. The lads brought them to Frodo, who took them gingerly. He inspected them carefully. Although soiled, it was clear they had once been white. They appeared to have been made out of leather, and were a little over half the length of his forearm, roughly oval in shape, flat on the bottom, hollow. He looked at them, trying to tease out the memory in the back of his mind. He put them on the floor, side by side, and stood back. What were they? It was on the tip of his tongue- "Slippers!" he said, as he suddenly remembered some of Bilbo's stories. "Those are slippers!" "What are slippers?" asked Merry. "Well, you know what boots are?" Both the lads nodded, and Beri said "Sometimes our fathers put them on their feet if the fields are flooded or muddy." "And do you know what shoes are?" Frodo asked. Merry shook his head. Berilac squinted in thought. "Are they like boots? Big Folk put them on their feet?" Frodo smiled and nodded. "That's right. 'Shoes' are the leather things Big Folk wear on their feet, because their feet are soft, and they don't have nice curly hair on them, to keep them warm. So they wear 'shoes' and 'boots' for protection. 'Slippers' are the kinds of things the ladies wear on their feet. I'm very certain that those are slippers belonging to a lady of the Big Folk, though how they might have come to be here I've no idea." The younger lads bent down and inspected them carefully. "They must be terribly uncomfortable," said Merry. "I don't know, sprout. I would think that they would get used to them, as they wear them all the time. Uncle Bilbo told me a story once, and slippers were rather important in it." Merry and Berilac exchanged a delighted grin, and then turned their eyes on Frodo with ill-disguised pleading. Frodo laughed. "Well, I can see now we shan't finish until you've heard the story." He pulled a box over, and sat down upon it, and his two little cousins plumped themselves down at his feet. Frodo's stories were always a delightful treat. "Long ago, in the Wide World, where Men and Elves dwell, there was a woodcutter and his wife who dwelt together in their cottage in the forest. They lived far from other Men, and seldom saw any other people save once a year, when the woodcutter would drive his sledge to the nearest village to sell his wood, and buy those few things they could not grow for themselves. They were happy enough together, except for one thing-they had no child. One night, as they lay asleep, they were wakened by a great commotion in the forest beyond. They heard a clamor of voices, and the sound of hooves, and the clashing of metal. The sounds grew closer, and the two of them huddled together in fear of what it meant, but then the sounds began to fade away, lost in the distance. They lay awake for a while, but as they heard nothing else, they soon went back to sleep. The next morning, they rose, and the wife kissed her husband good-bye as he went off into the forest to cut wood, and she turned to her duties of tending their little garden, and feeding their chickens and their goat, and sweeping their little cottage. The woodsman went into the forest, to see which trees he would cut that day. He was a careful forester, taking only the trees which needed to be cut, so that other trees could grow straight and tall. He had not gone far, when he heard a sound. This was a small sound, a whimpering sound. He wondered if perhaps there was some animal, hurt and alone. So he followed the sound, and lo and behold! he found a large basket. It was tucked away near the bole of a large tree, and hidden by ferns. Inside the basket was a baby. The baby was dressed in a finely woven and stitched gown, and wrapped in a blanket knitted of the finest wool. And tucked down beside the child was a pair of beautiful green slippers. Well, the woodcutter was amazed to see this, but of course he was worried for the babe, so he took the basket up, and returned home to his wife. Of course, they felt this was the answer to their heart's desire. They discovered the babe was a lass, and they named her 'Fern' as they had found her hidden behind the ferns. They took her in, and raised her with love as their own darling daughter. But they never told her where she had truly come from. The woodcutter never took her into the village, and she never saw anyone but her parents there deep in the forest. Now what the forester and his wife never knew was this: the king of their land was the enemy of the king of another land. One night, after their king had given a great party, his wife the queen had gone into the nursery to check on her children. Her son, the little prince, was asleep, but the little princess, who was only a tiny baby, was restless. So the queen took the baby up. She took off her slippers and lay down next to the babe until the little one fell asleep. Then she slipped away to her own room, forgetting her slippers there among the child's blankets. Now a short while later the nurserymaid came in. What no one knew was that she was secretly in the pay of the enemy king. She gathered up the little princess, blankets and all, and put her in a basket and spirited her away. She met some soldiers in the pay of the enemy at the gates of the castle, and they rode away together. For the enemy thought that if he had taken the king's child, he could make her father do as he wished. But a guard witnessed the deed, and blew the alarm. Soon the party from the enemy land found themselves pursued by the king and many of his soldiers. They had ridden through the forest. Finding pursuit so swift behind, the treacherous maid hid the basket and the child, meaning to come back for her later. But all of them were caught as they left the forest. Hoping to purchase her freedom with news of the child's whereabouts, the maid kept her silence until the king agreed. But a few days later, when she led them to the place where the princess had been hidden, there was no sign of her to be seen. Furious, the king had the maid flung into a dungeon, and he went home to his queen and his son, where they mourned the loss of their little princess. Many years later, when Fern was very nearly a grown maiden, she was helping her mother do the spring cleaning. She came across the blanket, the baby dress and the green slippers. Since she had never before seen them, she asked her mother about it, and her mother wept and admitted the truth-that they had found her in the woods. Fern was very confused about this, but she forgave her mother and father for keeping the truth from her. "For if my real parents had left me there alone, I surely would have died, and so they must not have loved me as you have done." For of course, none of them had any idea of the truth. But Fern was very taken with the beautiful green slippers, and as they fitted her, she began to wear them. One day her father went out into the forest and forgot the luncheon his wife packed for him to take, and so Fern took the bundle of food out into the woods and gave it to her father. On the