(This story was originally written in 2005 for Grey Wonderer.) AUTHOR'S NOTE: Do not blame this story on me. I very generously offered this plot bunny to Grey Wonderer during the Twelve Days of Christmas challenge. GW then turned right around and gave it back to me. I thought I would at least have until next Christmas to umm...forget about it or stick someone else with it..,I mean, plan for it, but no , GW then has to bring it up at ficsharing! I am unfortunately one of those people who cannot ignore a challenge. This story is very AU. There is absolutely no canonical reason to suppose that King Elessar ever came north prior to the visit in SR 1436, which is told about in the Tale of Years, nor that he ever was there at all while Paladin II was still Thain, and definitely no reason to think he did so prior to the Ban in SR 1427. Well, in this story he does. That's the way the bunny hopped, what can I say? (The pipes referred to in this story are bagpipes, referred to in "my" Shire as "Tookish pipes".) So, now thanks to Grey Wonderer, I now present: Pippin's Pack of Pickled Pipers Paladin Took sat back with a sigh at the sound of the tap on his study door, and put down his cup. So much for his idea of getting a bit of work done during second breakfast. "Enter," he said, wondering who would disturb him now. The door opened, and his eyebrows rose at the sight of his son and his nephew, both dressed in their Outlandish liveries, and looking as though they had been riding all night-which, come to think of it, they probably had. They stood there formally, and Paladin saw the leather case under Pippin's arm. He knew what that meant. "Thain Paladin, as King's Messenger, I bring to you this message from our Lord King Elessar Telcontar, High King of Gondor and Arnor." He stepped forward and lay the diplomatic pouch on his father's desk, and then stood at respectful attention, to most appearances concerned only with accomplishing his mission. But Paladin did not miss the look of curious anxiety in the green eyes, nor the bitten lower lip, which meant he was trying to keep from asking questions. Paladin suppressed a smile. In some ways, Pippin would never change, no matter how grown-up he seemed to be. "Son, relax, sit down. You've done your duty. You, too, Meriadoc." Merry strode into the room and took the second of the two chairs across from his uncle's desk, as Pippin had taken the first. Paladin looked at their tired faces. "Have you lads broken your fast?" Pippin said "No," at the same moment Merry said "Yes". Pippin blushed. "We've been eating from our saddlebags. I don't really call that breakfast." Paladin nodded. "Nor do I." He rang the bell by his desk. To the little maidservant who appeared, he said "Moss, please bring breakfast for two here. And I would not mind another pot of tea for myself as well." She cast a glance at the two younger hobbits seated across from the Thain, blushed furiously, and said "Yes, sir! Right away, sir!" before scurrying off. Paladin chuckled. "I do think you lads have made yourselves another conquest." Merry rolled his eyes, and Pippin shuddered and said fervently "I hope not!" Then his eyes flicked again to the diplomatic pouch on his father's desk. Paladin took mercy on him, and breaking the seal, took out the royal document. In the three years since the messengers had been coming, this was only the fourth official communication, though Pippin and Merry rode to Bree the first week in every other month to meet a King's Messenger. Though there were often personal messages from their friends in the South, an official dispatch was rare. Paladin quickly and silently skimmed the message, his eyebrows climbing, and then he leaned back and read aloud: Unto Paladin Took II, Thain of the Shire, are sent Greetings from His Grace, the Lord Elessar Telcontar, High King of Arnor and Gondor, Commander of the West. The Realm of Gondor, now being established in peace and plenty, We find that We are anxious to now begin the process of re-establishing Our Kingdom of Arnor, and to that end We shall make a Royal Progress to the North, with plans to arrive at the Brandywine Bridge on the first day of the New Year, in the New Reckoning of the Fourth Age. It would please Us then to meet and to greet the leaders of the Shire, and to confirm the Thain of the Shire as the rightful and natural Lord of the Shire. We shall look forward to that meeting. Elessar Telcontar High King of Gondor and Arnor Merry let out a whistle, and Pippin a whoop of joy. "Did you hear that, Merry? Strider's coming to see us!" Paladin snorted. " 'Lord of the Shire'? He doesn't know much about hobbit politics, does he?" Merry sniggered. Pippin laughed. "Well, technically speaking, Father, by the ways of Big Folk, that's what you are." Paladin shook his head in amusement. "I will be looking forward to meeting this King of yours. Let's see-that's the twenty-fifth of Rethe-this is the twelfth of Blotmath-it gives us about five months to prepare." He sat forward and looked at Pippin, who was still chortling in glee at the prospect of seeing his King and friend once more. "Since you know him so well, I think that I will put you in charge of preparing a fitting greeting for his arrival, Peregrin." Pippin stopped laughing immediately. "In charge , Father?" he squeaked. "In charge ," Paladin repeated. "And I expect something impressive." A few hours later, after a bath, a meal and a nap, the cousins found themselves in The Leaping Hare (also called The Bouncing Bunny) in Tuckborough, enjoying an ale. " 'A fitting greeting'!" Merry snorted. "You're in for it now, Pip." Pippin poked his cousin with an elbow. "It's not funny! It's going to be a good deal of work," he said glumly. "Strider won't expect a lot of ceremony. You know that." "No, Strider would be happy with " 'Hullo, Strider! Good to see you again, how's the wife?' But you know as well as I do that won't suit my father." "You Tooks and your love of pomp." "Why do you think I live in Buckland?" Pippin slumped down and took another sip of his ale. Merry took a sip of his own. "Just sing him a song." "That's not-" Pippin stopped. "Maybe-" he stopped again and pursed his lips. "Maybe something to do with music…" his voice trailed off absently. "Of course," muttered Merry. "Just so long as you don't expect me to play the tambour." He still had not quite forgiven Pippin for Tom and Marigold Cotton's wedding. Pippin flapped a hand at him. "Oh, do be quiet Merry. I'm trying to think." Merry shook his head, and bit down on the obvious retort. No use wasting his wit. Pippin wouldn't hear it anyway if he were thinking about music. Pippin's brow furrowed, as he planted his elbows on the table, and his chin on both hands. "Hmm…" he murmured. "I wonder how many pipers there are in the Shire, anyway?" Merry rolled his eyes, and took another sip of ale. xxxxxxx It was after late supper in the main dining hall of the Great Smials. "Cousin Ferdinand?" Pippin approached his elderly cousin respectfully. "Aye, Pippin-lad?" The old hobbit turned his gaze up at Paladin's son. He could not quite get used to the idea that the sickly and under-sized tweenager who left the Shire had returned as this hardy and confident young giant. "I've a bit of news for you. You're the first, after the Thain and Meriadoc." The old hobbit's eyes lit up. He did love a good bit of gossip, and to be among the first to know- "And what is that, lad?" "Well," said Pippin, leaning in conspiratorially, "it seems that the King is coming North, to the Shire." The old eyes gleamed. "The King, you say? The King of the Big Folk, that you knew away South?" Pippin grinned. "He's King over the Shire, as well, you know, Cousin Ferdinand, for all that he has left the authority with the Thain." Ferdinand nodded. He was Took enough to understand that. The old traditions said the Thain held the Shire for the King, even though no one had ever thought the King would come back. He gave his younger cousin a shrewd look. "And so why have you come to me with this news? I'm sure there are others who would be glad to know." Pippin laughed. "I'm sure you are right, and the Thain will be telling them as soon as may be. But he has given me the task of making a fitting welcome to the King when he comes, and that is why I have come to you. How many pipers do you think there are in the Shire?" Now Ferdinand grinned outright. "So you think to welcome him with pipers?" "They don't seem to have pipers in the South. They have them in Dale, or so I've been told; but they do not seem to be known in Gondor at all. And a band of pipers-doesn't that sound grand?" His green eyes glittered with enthusiasm. The old hobbit nodded. "That does sound grand indeed. We've not had a gathering of pipers though, since before the Troubles. Last time was the Free Fair at Michel Delving in 1418. But all told, I'd say there are a couple of dozen pipers in the Shire at present, though only half that many are good enough to play for a King." "Twelve pipers?" Pippin nodded. "Well, I had better start getting in touch with them. We've only until the twenty-fifth of Rethe to get ready." xxxxxxx "Thanks for helping, Merry," said Pippin as the two of them sat in Cousin Ferdinand's quarters waiting for him to bring them tea. "I shall help all you like with organizing things, Pip, just so long as you don't have any expectations of my actually taking part in this thing." Pippin laughed. "You have my word as a Knight of Gondor that I shall not expect you to play anything." Ferdinand brought the tea into the small sitting room, and sat down across from them to pour out. "Now let's see who we can think of." Merry took out his silverpoint stylus and a small notebook, both of which had been Yule gifts from Pippin, and prepared to write down the names. Pippin nodded. "Start with here in Tookland-" " Not " said the older hobbit, "my son Ferdi." "Goodness no!" Pippin gave a shudder. Ferdi was one of those players who gave the pipes a bad name, and led to jokes about them. He was aware of that, and seldom played anymore. But he would often jokingly threaten to-he said it was a good way to keep his own brood of young ones in line. "But there's Hildibold, your Aunt Peri's oldest, and his son Helinand." Merry wrote the names down. "Then, there's Marco Goodbody-" said Ferdinand. "That's Milo's older brother," said Pippin to Merry as he wrote the name down. Ferdinand pursed his lips, and began muttering. "Him…hmm…no, not good enough. No. No. Ah! There's Lott Brockhouse!" Pippin nodded. "Yes, that's Master Dodd's brother, isn't it?" "That's only four," said the older hobbit, shaking his head. Merry looked up from where he had been writing down the names. "No, sir, that's six-assuming that you and Pip both think yourselves good enough." He laughed. "Cheeky young Brandybuck! But you are right! Pippin-lad that gives us half the pipers right here in Tookland." Pippin looked hopeful. "This just might work out." He glanced at Merry. "Any pipers of