(Written in 2006) Some time ago, Lindelea mentioned that our mutual friend Dana had been craving a "pip-napping"-which is to say, a kidnapping of Pippin. Lin had written Pippin kidnapped by Orcs and by sisters, so she posted a nice little story-starter in which Pippin was being menaced by both Orcs and sisters! I told her I had an idea, and I took it and ran with it, LOL! Lin was kind enough to give it a quick beta, so here you are, Dana-this is for you: AUTHOR'S NOTE: The part at the beginning in bold is by Lindelea. Also, this story is AU to "my" Shire universe for a number of reasons, but mostly because this is a different timeline; "my" Pippin and Diamond did not take their honeymoon in Gondor. PIP-NAPPED! 'Shut your mouth, you ill-smelling thing!' Pearl scolded, her hand raised for a round slap, if needed. The vile Orc cowered away from the threat. ' 'Ere now,' it whined. 'No call for that!' Pippin stared, wide-eyed, at his eldest sister. He'd never seen Pearl in quite this mood before. Well, he *had*, and regularly, about the same time every month, but he'd never seen her quell an Orc before with a word and a look. 'Can't we have just the littlest nibble?' another Orc growled. 'Surely the lad won't miss one of his toes, now, will he?' 'Hush, you,' Pimpernel said, freezing the creature with a glance, her hand tightening on the handle of the cleaver she held, poised in midair, as she was chopping meat for stew. 'Or you'll be missing *more* of your toes than you already are!' "It doesn't know the first thing about tying knots, does it, Vinca?" This was the voice of his cousin Celandine. Pippin tried to turn his head to look at her, but he couldn't move. "Well, it's smelly enough. It doesn't have sense enough to wash. Of course it's too stupid to know how to tie a proper knot," was Pervinca's smug response. "And no one ties them as well as you do, Celandine!" "Why thank you, Vinca!" responded his Brandybuck cousin, and suddenly she was standing by Pervinca's side. "Still, they're sound enough to hold, I suppose." She wrinkled her nose at Pippin, and stuck out her tongue, just as if she were still a little lass. "He often needs to be tied, or he gets away all too easily," Estella sounded very cross. Pippin had not heard her sound that cross in years-not since he was a very little lad. It hadn't been *his* fault she got in trouble for pilfering the adult finery to play wedding. But even now she'd throw that up to him from time to time. "It's not fair!" said Diamond angrily. "I'm the only one who's allowed to tie him up now!" "Di-Diamond?" Pippin attempted to say her name, but his voice didn't seem to be cooperating. All he seemed to manage was a raspy whisper. And his eyes didn't seem to want to open either… "Pah!" came a rough voice. "He's coming out of it already." "It's all right," came another voice. "He's tied up sound enough now. He's not going anywhere." Pippin felt a slap against his leg, but when he jerked in response, he realized that he couldn't move from the knees down. And the ropes around his wrists... that's what had him dreaming of Orcs. He tried to swallow, but his mouth was dry and tasted very nasty. Muzzily, he tried to bring his thoughts around to what happened. The last thing he remembered was walking down to the fourth circle to pick up a gift for Diamond, and stopping at his favorite tavern for a bowl of stew and an ale… He sighed. She was really going to be angry at him now. xxxxxxx The newlyweds had not had any difficulty in persuading Merry and Estella to accompany them on their wedding trip to the South. They had travelled in the pleasant company of a King's Messenger and a couple of Rangers, and the young wives had marveled at the sight of so many places their husbands had been, the wild places and mountains and swift rivers. The journey had been fairly uneventful, and after a few weeks spent in the amiable company of the King of Rohan, they had continued to Minas Tirith. Nothing they had yet seen had begun to prepare Diamond and Estella for the sight that was Minas Tirith. They had imagined, perhaps, a slightly larger stone version of Edoras. But the reality was amazing-the White City, gleaming in the distance miles from their arrival, and looming ever larger, the closer they drew. Diamond was stunned. She had never in her life imagined a dwelling so vast and magnificent and beautiful. She had looked over at Pippin, and seen his posture straighten imperceptibly, and noted the tears he blinked away. They passed the Rammas Echor, and Pippin was saluted, and greeted as the Ernil i Pheriannath by the guards at the wall. She had remembered Pippin's joking about how they had mistaken him for a prince, and thought it a bit of typically Tookish exaggeration. But it was quite clear that to these people it was not a joke at all. They believed him to be a prince. And she looked at him with new eyes: splendid in his gleaming livery, his cloak billowing behind him, and the green brooch of Lórien at his throat. She had often thought him handsome in his Outland uniform, but today it seemed more than that-and she could easily see why these people thought him a prince, and her heart swelled with pride to think that he was hers. When they approached the Gates, which were immense, Diamond looked over at him nervously. But his face shone with delight, and there was no apprehension at all. She was not sure if this made her feel better or not. It was still day, and the Gates stood open, but there were Guardsmen there. And they straightened and saluted Merry and Pippin, greeting them with great respect, and passed them through. And now the small party began the ride through the wide and winding streets, and Diamond noticed that they were beginning to attract a crowd. She saw clusters of Big Folk-shopping or going about their business-stop to stare and point, and murmur behind their hands. And then she began to hear the calls: "Sir Peregrin!" " Ernil i Pheriannath !" And there were also a few calls of "Sir Meriadoc!" as well. People were smiling and waving, and beginning to walk alongside, remaining at a respectful distance for the most part. Diamond glanced over at Estella, and thought that she too seemed a bit overwhelmed. Merry leaned over and spoke to his wife, and then Estella looked-well, less nervous. But Pippin did not seem to be noticing Diamond at all. He was grinning and waving back at the crowd, and appeared to be enjoying himself immensely. And Diamond felt a little hurt, and a bit resentful. And then as the street twisted back upon itself once more, she could look back and see how far up they had come, and now she felt frightened. She tightened her grip on the pony's reins, and it tossed its head and whickered in protest. That got Pippin's attention. He dropped back alongside her, and spoke her name gently, and looked at her with such a look of love that she forgot all about her fear and anger. She smiled back at him shyly, and he grinned at her, and stayed by her side, as they rode up and up. Diamond gazed wide-eyed at the immense buildings, all of white stone, and most of them larger than any dwellings of Men she had yet seen, save only the King's Hall of Meduseld in Edoras. But now, looming before her was one which placed the Golden Hall in the shade. It was so large she could not really take it all in. They rode through another of the smaller gates, and Pippin and Merry stopped, as they were met by more Guards, and by grooms. The two hobbit knights dismounted, and assisted their ladies to do so. Pippin took a moment to let his arms linger about Diamond's waist, and tipped his forehead to hers briefly, and her heart lifted. Then he extended his arm, and she took it as though they were being led in to a ball, and followed by Merry and Estella in the same manner, they walked forward. In a stately manner, they passed in to the Courtyard of the White Tree, where the scion of Nimloth stood, tall and beautiful and filled with blossoms, by a fountain of crystal water. Merry and Pippin paused briefly, and gave a slight bow to the tree, and Diamond thought she had never seen a tree so fair, not even the mallorn that Sam had planted in the Shire. Diamond's hand trembled a bit on Pippin's arm, and they went on. There were clusters of Big Folk, standing about, dressed in their finery. She cast her eyes forward, away from their stares. And then she saw them, two tall figures, standing at the foot of the steps of that huge building. There was no mistaking who they might be: even from this distance, Diamond knew they were seeing the High King and his Queen. As they approached, Diamond felt awe at this tall Man, who looked so grave and high and noble. Why, she had thought Éomer a noble king, and had been impressed by his air of command, but this king seemed even higher and further away. And by his side stood the most beautiful creature Diamond had ever laid eyes upon. She had heard Pippin once, proclaiming the beauty of the Queen, and had felt a small twinge of jealousy. But now, seeing her, she realized that her husband had been doing naught but stating fact. Why one might as well be jealous of the sky being blue, or of water being wet! All these thoughts passed in an instant through her mind, and then Pippin stood a respectful distance from these two remarkable beings, and gave a slight bow, as did Merry. Almost automatically, Diamond and Estella gave curtseys, scarcely daring to raise their eyes. And then all was changed. The Man gave a smile that warmed his rugged face like sunrise on a mountainside, and he bent down to one knee, holding out his arms. "My dear friends!" he exclaimed. And Pippin and Merry, wives forgotten for the moment, rushed into his embrace, with tears and laughter. Diamond and Estella drew together, dazed. And then the warm grey eyes of the King were upon them. "Now, my dear hobbits, are you not going to introduce us to these lovely ladies?" Pippin turned back, and drew Diamond forward, and said proudly, yet almost shyly, "This is my bride, Diamond of Long Cleeve." Diamond found her small hand enveloped briefly in two very large ones, and felt unaccountable tears swimming in her eyes, as a kind voice said gently, "Welcome to Minas Anor, Mistress Diamond." Then Merry presented Estella and they were ushered into the Citadel, and the great feasthall of Merethrond, for it was growing late, and the feast of welcoming had only awaited their arrival. It was only the beginning, and for the next few days, Diamond found herself in a daze, as she was introduced to more Big Folk than she could keep track of. Some of them, of course, she could remember from having heard Pippin and Merry speak of them before: Lord Faramir the Steward, and his wife the Lady Éowyn, the young Guardsman Bergil, who was only eighteen, Captain Targon of the Third Company. But most of the others she simply could not recall from one day to the next. The two couples were snuggly ensconced in the guesthouse in which Merry