(Written for Golden as part of a plot bunny exchange challenge in 2007) AUTHOR : Dreamflower RATING: PG AUTHOR'S NOTE: I was to write a story inspired by a bunny provided to me by Golden. She sent me the following elements: Pippin at 25, enduring the pangs of adolescence, and longing for his first kiss; a lass he likes and asks out; Merry and Frodo giving him good advice; and an overconfident Sancho Proudfoot, as well as several other things. I don't believe I got everything in that she asked for, but I hope that I got most of it in. *grin* SUMMARY : Pippin is beginning to learn about something new to him. DISCLAIMER : Middle-earth and all its peoples belong to the Tolkien Estate. I own none of them. Some of them, however, seem to own me. DEDICATION: This story is dedicated to Golden (Jana), without whom I never would have thought of writing it. BETWEEN CHILDHOOD AND COMING OF AGE Tweens: "...as hobbits called the irresponsible twenties between childhood and coming of age at thirty-three." FotR, Book 1, Chapter 1, "A Long Expected Party" It had been several years since Frodo had been at Brandy Hall this time of year-the last time he had visited in early summer had been about fourteen years ago, when his impulsive visit proved to be quite lucky, as he had been able to help search for a lost Pippin. But he'd brought Pippin here himself, this time. Tomorrow he and several of the Brandybucks would be heading to Tuckborough and the Great Smials, to be there for the big Midsummer's celebration. And Saradoc had decided to throw a large party this evening as a sort of farewell. The Hall was full of hobbits, some of them taking advantage of a lull in the music to visit the refreshment tables. Others were taking advantage of the break in a different way. Frodo watched with an indulgent smile as Merry led Cherry Goldworthy, with whom he had been dancing, out for a "breath of fresh air". Now that Merry had come of age, the lasses fluttered around him like bees to honey; it was clear he enjoyed the attention. Pippin came to stand at Frodo's elbow, and the expression on his face was not indulgent; it was more wistful, than anything else. Pippin gave a dramatic sigh. Amused, Frodo said "Yes, Pippin?" "I suppose Merry's kissed a lot of lasses." He cast a side-long glance at Frodo. Ah-ha! Frodo thought. Pippin's begun to notice the lasses. He suppressed a smile, and said indifferently, "I wouldn't know." "You wouldn't know !" Pippin's tone was incredulous. "I thought Merry told you everything!" "Not you?" parried Frodo. Merry and Pippin confided in one another far more these days than in him. "Not if he thinks I'm too young to understand," Pippin said carelessly, "but I'm sure he's told you !" "Well, you would be wrong. Merry is a gentlehobbit. A gentlehobbit does not kiss and tell." Frodo responded primly. He was still more amused than anything else, but this was an important lesson for Pippin to learn. Merry had, in fact, confided his first kiss to Frodo a few years back, but Frodo had carefully stopped him before he told who, even though Frodo had a good idea already. Pippin snorted rather inelegantly. "I've heard the other fellows talking! The other day Merimas was telling us about Lil-" He suddenly stopped as Frodo gave him a light smack in the back of his head. "Oi! What was that for?" "If Merimas was talking about a lass, then he was not behaving as a gentlehobbit. And you will not repeat what he said; most especially you will not repeat names!" Pippin gave Frodo a scowl quite unlike his usual sunny expression, and then he shrugged and looked down at his toes. "How am I going to find out anything, if no one will talk to me?" he muttered. Frodo chuckled, and shook his head. "You are asking the wrong questions, dear. Ask me, or ask Merry, how we get to know a lass, what we talk about, how we feel-but do not ask who, or how many. It's very rude. Think about it, Pippin: how would you like it if you heard a lad gossiping about what he'd done with one of your sisters?" Pippin's head jerked up, and his green eyes flashed. "I'd smack him on the nose-even if he was bigger!" "Well, there you have it." Frodo smiled in approval. Pippin sighed again. "Lasses talk about lads all the time, though, Frodo. That's one thing I do know, having three sisters!" Frodo chuckled. "Rules are different for lasses. That's just the way the world is, Pip." Now Pippin finally grinned, "Isn't that the truth! You wouldn't believe the things Vinca can get away with just because she's a lass!" "I'm sure I wouldn't." Pippin opened his mouth to say something else, when they were interrupted by Aunt Esmeralda. "Pippin, do you want to play again? I believe it's time for us to start once more, before all the dancers wander off." Pippin shot her a grin, and dashed off to get his fiddle. She watched him go for a moment, and then cast an eye about the room. Frodo correctly interpreted her look. "I'm sure Merry will return when they hear the music begin." She chuckled, shook her head, gave him a fond peck on the cheek, saying, "Why don't you find a partner?" before she went back to pick up her own fiddle. As the music began, a stately pavane, Frodo went over to a cluster of older matrons, mostly widows and spinsters of a certain age. "Aunt Delphinium, would you honour me?" he asked, extending his arm. The elderly widow of Cousin Gorbulas gave him a delighted smile, as he escorted her into the line of the dance. But he looked over at the musicians, and saw that all of Pippin's previous moodiness was gone as he played his fiddle with the others. Now that Pippin had finally begun to notice the lasses, he was likely to turn more than a few heads, and probably break a few hearts. Frodo thought he would have a word with Merry. Pippin wouldn't be heading into deep water without guidance. xxxxxxx A few hours later, he and Merry sat in the Son of the Hall's apartment sharing a brandy. Merry had only moved into these rooms a few months ago, after coming of age, but it in some ways it felt more homely than the Master's residence. Merry had mostly grown up in these quarters while his grandfather was Master and his own father was Son of the Hall, and this was also where Frodo had lived with them for many years. Pippin was still with Esmeralda and the other musicians. Though the dancing had ended long before, they seemed reluctant to stop playing. "Pip's going to be as cross as two sticks in the morning," said Merry. "But Mum so seldom gets a chance to play..." he shook his head, and smiled fondly. "I think she enjoyed having Menelcar here. She was as taken with him as Pippin was." "Pippin's going to miss him. But I'm very glad that he decided not to run off and become a minstrel's apprentice!"* Merry shuddered at this reminder of that recently averted disaster. "Are you sure Uncle Paladin will be in a better mood when we bring Pippin back to Great Smials?" Frodo nodded. "He understands a few things he didn't before. Besides, he'll soon have something else to worry about with Pippin!" Merry sat forward. "What now?" "Well, let's just say that Pippin has begun to realize that the gentler sex may be more appealing than annoying." "Uh-oh." Merry and Frodo exchanged rueful glances. Both of them could remember their own adolescence very well, with all of the attending turmoil. And Pippin was a Took. "We shall just have to watch out for him, then," said Merry firmly. xxxxxxx A few days later, Pippin lay wide awake, back in his old room. The party from Buckland had taken the carriage and the long way to Tuckborough, since Uncle Saradoc and Aunt Esme were coming as well. They had stayed two days at Bag End, before heading on to the Great Smials. He'd been dreading coming home. The last time he'd seen his father, Paladin had been furious with him. He knew that Frodo had written to Paladin, and he had as well, apologizing for his rash behaviour. But he was sure that his father would still be angry. It had been a surprise to find he was wrong. They'd had a long talk, and Pippin felt closer to his father tonight than he had since they'd all come to live at Great Smials. " I understand now, son, why you said you didn't want to be Thain." Pippin had turned a miserable face to his father. "It's just so dreadful to think that you will be dead!" Paladin's eyes had filled, and he had blinked. "It may not be as bad as you think, Pippin. I may live as long as the Old Took! Or perhaps I shall decide to take a long holiday after you come of age-like Bilbo did!" Pippin had laughed at that outlandish idea, and father and son had embraced, before Paladin had sent him off to his rest. Now, as Pippin drifted off to sleep, he remembered how much fun he'd had with Menelcar, playing his fiddle in the inns. And he recalled how some of the lasses had watched him-he'd never had lasses notice him before. He remembered one of the serving lasses at The Floating Log. After they had finished playing, and Pippin had settled at a table for a break, she had come over with a mug of ale-a whole , (not a half which was all younger tweens were allowed) for him. He'd been startled, and when he met her eyes, he had been even more startled at her expression. She'd given him a smile that made him feel both delightful and very uncomfortable at the same time, and had leaned very close as she placed his ale on the table. Pippin had scarcely known where to put his eyes. But before they could have any conversation, Frodo had come along. He'd taken one look at Pippin's mug, and given him an expressive lift of the eyebrow. Pippin had stammered out, "I think you made a mistake, Miss. I'm only supposed to have a half." She looked very cross, took up his mug, and flounced off, and didn't return. A few minutes later the innkeeper himself had brought Pippin's half. Frodo had said he was proud of him, and that had been nice. But now he couldn't help but imagine what might have happened if Frodo had not shown up when he did… He woke up very early after pleasant but disturbingly vivid dreams. He washed and dressed quickly, and made his own bed. He took a look at his nightshirt, and shoved it as far back under the bed as he could, before he left his room to go to first breakfast. He remembered his dream, and his face flamed. xxxxxxx After second breakfast, as Frodo was busy talking with Paladin and Saradoc about the upcoming Lithe celebration, Merry and Pippin decided to take a ride. Pippin saddled his mare, named Toffee for her golden-brown coat; Merry, who had not ridden his own pony from Buckland, decided to borrow a dapple-grey gelding named Toby. Merry watched Pippin; he'd been unaccountably quiet during breakfasts, and Merry was sure his younger cousin was trying to work up to talking about something important. They mounted up, and rode down the lane in silence for a while, and then Pippin said, "Merry, I know that, well-I'm sure that you've kissed a lot of lasses-" Frodo was right, thought Merry. Out loud