Recipient's name: Febobe Title: The Old Forest Incident Rating: G Request: "I would like a cosy Frodo hurt/comfort fic of some kind. Any setting, any timeframe, any caregiver, just so long as it's Frodo-centric hurt/comfort. :) Preferably a little angst involved (don't go too light on the hurt part, basically)! Author's notes: First of all, this particular story is completely AU. Frodo never had to fetch Merry out of the Old Forest. However, this seemed to be a great way to get a hurt Frodo! Summary: Frodo arrives in Buckland to find his younger cousin has gone adventuring in the Old Forest. His attempt to rescue Merry goes awry, and he ends up injured; how in the world will they get home? Who will help them? Word Count: 7,146 The Old Forest Incident Frodo stepped out of The Golden Perch, and adjusted his pack into it's most comfortable position. He grinned at the thought that his Brandybuck kin would be surprised to see him a day and a half ahead of schedule. It was only a short walk from Stock to the Ferry. He could just imagine Merry's overjoyed reaction. His thoughts were suddenly interrupted when he heard a voice call his name: "Frodo!" He looked up. "Berilac?" His cousin darted over to him, and then looked around him. Beri's face fell. "Er, Frodo you would not have seen Merry anywhere along the way, would you?" "Why no! Why would I? I'm early. I caught a ride with a farmer's waggon just the other side of Whitfurrow and rode with him as far as here." Frodo almost always walked to Buckland, but cold as it was, the offer of a ride had been too tempting to turn down. Beri sighed. "It was too much to hope for. I had hopes that he might have gone out to meet you on the road." Frodo was suddenly filled with foreboding. "Why are you looking for him? And why would you not know if he was walking out to meet me?" "Aunt Esme sent me to look for him. No one has actually seen him since yesterday afternoon. It wasn't until he didn't show up for second breakfast that she was really worried-you know how busy he always is, so she started asking around. Uncle Sara's down in Haysend on an errand for Granda Rory. Aunt Gilda had one of her turns and she didn't want to worry Granda." Frodo gave Berilac a stern look. "There's more to this than you've told me yet, Beri. What do you know that you didn't tell Aunt Esme?" His younger cousin squirmed under his stern regard. "I think I may know what he's done." His face flamed in embarrassment. "It's my cousin Ivy's fault." "Ivy Proudfoot?" She was Berilac's cousin on his mother's side, older sister to Sancho, and nearly as much a troublemaker as her little brother. "Ever since she got here for a visit, she's been flirting with Merry and teasing him. I tried to warn him that she's fickle, and she already has several lads swarming round her back home. But yesterday, she went a little too far, and they had an argument. She told him that he was rather timid for someone who had both Brandybuck and Took blood...he was both angry and hurt. He said something about 'showing her'." "Merry? Timid? " Frodo looked at Beri in astonishment-that was the most ridiculous thing he'd ever heard. Then he went pale; there was one thing that young Brandybucks would sometimes try to do to prove their mettle, usually on a dare or after one too many ales. But they were rarely successful. Most of them could not get on the other side of the High Hay. "The Old Forest?" "I'm afraid so. And you know if anyone could, it would be Merry. He'd have no trouble sneaking the key to the Gate, after all. He is the Son of the Hall..." "He's going to be in so much trouble," Frodo sighed. "Well, I know only one way to be sure. No one is expecting me until late tomorrow. I suppose I shall have to check and see if the Gate's been opened, and if he has done such a fool thing I will go in and fetch him out." Frodo and Beri took the Ferry across the Brandywine, and avoiding Brandy Hall they made their way to the Gate in the High Hay, just beyond Crickhollow. The two of them went down the slope to the brick tunnel that led to the iron gate that was the only way to the other side. The Brandybucks went inside the hedge twice a year in spring and fall to maintain the wide strip between the High Hay and the forest eaves, so the Gate was also maintained. Frodo looked at it, pursed his lips, scowled and drew in a deep breath through both his nostrils and let it out with an oath-something that was quite rare for him. He glared at the key stuck in the keyhole on the opposite side of the Gate. "I suppose we have our answer. Now, how do we get hold of the key?" "Frodo," Beri said diffidently, "do you really suppose it's a good idea for you to look for him on your own?" "Probably not, but if you come in there with me, who is to tell where both of us are if we don't come out before nightfall?" Berilac blanched. "You want me to tell Aunt Esme that both of you are lost in the Old Forest?" "I hope it won't come to that. I hope that I will find him and we will come out before dark, and then Merry can confess his own folly. But best to be prepared in case things do not go the way that I expect." He turned his attention back to the key and thought for a moment. "Go get me a stick, about so long," he held his hands a little over a foot apart, "If it branches out at one end so much the better." Beri opened his mouth, shut it, and then walked back out of the tunnel, returning a few moments later with the requested item. Frodo nodded his thanks. "Can you get your hand through the bars at the bottom?" "I think so." He knelt down and with a little maneuvering managed to get his hand through beneath the key. Frodo took the stick and poked at the key until it fell out of the lock and into Beri's hand; he stood up and handed the key to Frodo. "Are you sure this is a good idea?" "No. But I do not think it wise to wait any longer." He took the key and opened the Gate and then handed it back to Beri. "Wait until teatime. If we are not back by then, go to the Hall and let everyone know what happened. Berilac shuddered and then nodded. "Good luck, Frodo. And give our cousin a well-deserved smack in the back of the head for me." Frodo chuckled, and nodded, then went through the Gate and began to walk towards the Old Forest. It was already well past elevenses, going on for luncheon. He had tried to be cheerful for Beri's sake but the truth was he was not sanguine about finding Merry before dark. His only consolation was that the trees should be asleep this late in the year. It was about half a furlong* from the Gate to the forest; the hobbits maintained a clearing that width. In the summer it was a low meadow, but now the grass and flowers had all died, and it was easy to see the path Merry's pony had taken. Frodo hitched up his pack and began to walk. He'd been in here before, with his Uncle Rory and older cousins, but he had never been in here alone. The most logical place for Merry to go was the Bonfire Glade, which was in a straight line from the Gate if he remembered aright, about a league inside. The meadow path that led to the wood was simply a track, worn by the hobbits who had maintained the High Hay. It was easier to see in winter, for in the fall the grass was high enough to mostly hide the path until the hobbits began to work. Frodo had occasionally been a part of the fall work parties when he had come to visit in the past. He had, of course, been too young for that duty when he still lived in Buckland. As he passed under the trees he looked about. With most of the leaves gone, the Old Forest was not as dark as he recalled, and it was quieter. He did not hear the murmuring and whispering of the trees that he had heard in his previous times here. So that surely meant they were indeed asleep. He walked along in as straight a fashion as he could—the path did not seem as clear as he recalled it being. At first he occasionally found signs that he thought might be Merry-an occasional mark of a pony hoof, but soon he realised he had lost the trail as no more such signs were found, and he began for the first time to worry about his errand. Shouldn't he have come upon the Bonfire Glade by now? He turned and looked back-the hedge was no longer visible. Then he turned forward again. When he found Merry he was going to let him have a piece of his mind for doing this! He had gone about five steps when he was startled by a sound off to his right; something large was out there! He turned and saw a flash of something-a large animal. He stooped and picked up a couple of hefty stones. He put one in his pocket and then tossed the other up and down a little to get the feel of it-it fit very nicely into the palm of his hand. Then he gingerly walked towards the animal whatever it was. His heart was hammering so hard he could hear it. Then he heaved a sigh of relief. ""Brownie!" he called. Merry's pony looked up, his head jerking skittishly and the whites of his eyes showing. Frodo dropped the stone in his pocket and moved towards the pony, holding his hands outspread, and calling softly. "Here, now, Brownie," he said, his voice soothing and as calm as he could make it sound. He felt anything but calm, for he was now imagining all sorts of dreadful things that could have happened to his younger cousin. "Come here, Brownie!" He moved towards the dragging reins, but the pony jerked back. "Please, Brownie, won't you help me find Merry?" Once more he tried to reach for the reins, but the pony jerked back, and then turned and bolted and was soon out of site among the trees. He wanted to shout out his frustration. Now that he knew Merry was a-foot, he was even more worried. He began to move forward, this time occasionally calling out: "Merry?" and sometimes "Meriadoc Brandybuck!" He tried to put aside his fear that now he too was lost, and perhaps he too had been foolish in not waiting to form a real search party. He also realised that he should have found the Bonfire Glade by now. "Merry!" "Oy! Here! I'm here!" The voice came from the left. "Keep calling out, Merry!" he shouted. "Frodo? Frodo! I'm here! FRODO!" Merry was seated on the ground, huddled miserably. "Oh Frodo!" he gave a sob, and stood up. "Brownie threw me!" He flew to Frodo and flung himself into his older cousin's embrace. Frodo returned the hug briefly and then pushed Merry back. "Meriadoc! What on earth possessed you to come in here alone? It was only by chance that Berilac was able to guess where you'd gone!" Merry's