(Written for Shirebound for the 2016 Yule Fic Exchange for the LOTR Gen Community.) Author: Dreamflower Title: The Last Homely House Welcomes Mr. Baggins Rating: G Recipient: Shirebound Request: How did the residents or Imladris react - and adapt - to Bilbo coming to live there permanently? (Possible ideas: Did anyone know that he was coming? How frail or vigorous was he when he arrived? Did anyone meet him at the border? Was he alone? Who set up his room? How did someone react who had never seen a hobbit before? What kind of luggage had Bilbo brought, and was it enough?) Author's Notes: There are references and some quotations from previous stories of mine. It is not necessary to read those to understand this story, but I will place links at the end of the story for those interested. Also, I pay a little tribute to Lindelea, in the use of her name for Bilbo's pony, taken from her delightful story "The Tenth Walker". I will also link that at the end as well. Summary: As Bilbo journeys to Erebor, the residents of Rivendell make plans for his return stay. Word Count: 6, 019 The Last Homely House Welcomes Mr. Baggins The Master of Imladris stared out his window watching as the small group of dwarves and one hobbit (only nine Dwarves this time, and no Wizard, but the hobbit was the same) wended their way East. Long ago as hobbits reckoned things, but not very long at all in the reckoning of Elves, he recalled a conversation with that hobbit as he was going home to the Shire from his Adventure. "I thank you once more for your hospitality, Master Elrond. I have felt quite at home here." "You are most welcome, Mr. Baggins. Do not forget that we have agreed to correspond. Gandalf has already said he will be glad to bring me your letters, and to carry mine." "I do appreciate it, though I hope the accounts of our small doings in the Shire won't bore you." Bilbo had looked up at his host shyly. "I hope you don't think me too bold when I say I hope to return some day." For just an instant, Elrond had found himself seeing Bilbo, aged and venerable, here in this place, comfortable and settled. He had smiled at the vision. "Not at all, my small friend." He had placed a hand upon the hobbit's shoulder. "We would be most pleased to host you once more." It was bound to happen; his own foresight was reliable. "Come along, Bilbo!" Gandalf had called out impatiently. "Gandalf awaits you. Go in peace and safety to your Shire." He had placed a hand upon the hobbit's curly head in benediction. Bilbo's was a most generous and shining soul and he looked forward to a long (in hobbit's estimation) friendship, even though he knew the grief he was bound to know at the end. Now, sixty years later Bilbo had returned, to pass through Rivendell on his way to Erebor. But Bilbo had resumed his journey, and Elrond had about a year to prepare for his small friend to return and take up residence. He moved to the bellpull next to the door. The day of the hobbit's return was bound to arrive in a rush. He would set Eledwhen to restoring and preparing the hobbit quarters. Thankfully, due to another hobbit many years before, they had a head start on the task. -oo000oo- Eledwhen let herself into the quarters where a hobbit had once dwelt for a time. They were located on the southwest corner of the House. It would have seemed a long time to the inhabitant, but to her it had only seemed a short time. She easily recalled Hildifon's cheerful face, not so different from that of Bilbo Baggins. Had they been kin? she wondered. If so, that would be a delightful surprise for him to discover one day. The rooms were not dusty nor neglected; in Rivendell, all rooms, whether occupied or not, were cleaned on a regular basis. But the absence of any personal items or the touches that made a space homely emphasized that much would need to be done to make them comfortable for a new inhabitant. There were four chairs and a settee in the sitting room directly in front of the door. One of the chairs was sized for a small person, such as a hobbit or a Dwarf; the rest of the furnishings were the usual size. There was a low round table fit for serving a small meal or tea, and several side tables. Beneath the large window on the western wall (which gave a fine view of a distant waterfall) was a small desk and chair, with a low bookcase beside it. Several bookshelves were built into the walls. But the chairs and settee had no cushions, no pictures or ornaments adorned the shelves or mantel, no books filled the bookcases. A large fireplace, cold and empty, was built into the wall opposite to the door. There were bookshelves at either side, but next to the bookcase on her left was a small round door; she would have to bend nearly in half to enter the room beyond. Choosing what items to put in the room to make it more homely would take time. To her left was a low step beneath a rounded arch that led into a tiny kitchen. To casual eyes it might appear to be a kitchen built for a young child's playhouse. On the southern wall was a cooking hearth, with a built-in stone oven on one side. Unlike the sitting room, the kitchen seemed to be fully furnished. From hooks on the wall to the right of the fireplace hung miniature cast iron pots and pans and utensils: skillets and spiders in two sizes; a bake kettle; spits and tongs and toasting forks and long-handled ladles and lids in several sizes. Nothing hung higher than halfway up the wall. Instead, above this was a beautiful mural of a green and pastoral country, with soft rolling hills. The hills were pierced with small round windows and doors. She knew it was meant to be a depiction of the perian's homeland. It seemed to be a pleasant and orderly place, and the sight of it made her smile. The brick oven built into the chimney on the other side was also far too low for an Elf to use. There were shelves next to it, laden with copper kettles and saucepans and pots, and tin bake pans. There were also pottery cooking vessels on the lower shelves. As on the other side, no shelves went higher than halfway. The mural on this side featured a table laden as if for a feast. The candles glowed as though with a real light, and it showed bowls of fruit and plates of breads and cheeses. Platters of meat-a ham, a fowl of some sort, and a roast of venison featured prominently. Steam appeared to be issuing forth from the hot meats. A pitcher seemed to have drops of condensation that glistened like dew. The rest of the shelves on that side were almost empty, though a row of pottery canisters lined up on the top shelf. They were, of course, empty. On the far wall opposite the entry arch was a sideboard with a cupboard above. It contained an assortment of dishes in pewter and china. They were in two sizes, both sized for the perian and for Elves or Men. A low worktable covered in butcher block was in the center of the room. On the final wall to the left of the arch, two cupboards flanked a stone sink set into a stand, above which perched a copper pump. Eledwhen was pleased: the kitchen only needed to be stocked with foodstuffs to be ready for its new cook. Now she looked at the round door by the fireplace in the sitting room. She opened the door; it was easier to simply crawl through into the room beyond, rather than try to bend over so far. Within was a small bare bed, a night table next to it on one side and a small bookcase on the other, a generous wardrobe, a washstand, and a rocking chair. There was a fireplace located at the back of the fireplace in the sitting room. In the wall on the left, next to the wardrobe was another door, which led into a water closet. In the wall on the West was a large arched window with an excellent view of the valley. Above the bed, high in the wall was a small round stained glass window depicting an eight-pointed star against a vivid blue background. There was no bedding, no pillows or cushions, no rugs upon the floor, no ewer and basin on the washstand. She backed out of the room and stood up, pondering. She knew that there were some items for this room stored away, but it was likely that new linens and other soft furnishings would need to be prepared. And she knew that the new resident of the room had left behind some of his own belongings in storage here, rather than risking them on the perilous journey to Erebor. That would be her next stop. -oo000oo- "Erestor, may I have a word with you?" Erestor halted his stride for Lindor to catch up with him, and then continued down the passage to his study. "Yes, Lindor?" he asked, suppressing a sigh. The minstrel was prone to taking offense over small slights, real or imagined, by other members of the household. "There is a rumor that we are once more going to have a mortal, a perian , no less, living among us once more. Do you think it wise?" "Master Elrond believes it to be wise, else he would not have issued the invitation," Erestor said in his most imperious tones, tones that would have instantly warned off anyone else, but had little effect on the self-absorbed minstrel. "We often have mortals living here, most often the heirs of the Dúnedain chieftain, but sometimes others." "But they are the heirs of Elros and they are young! This one is merely a Halfling, and old" Lindor said the last word like an obscenity. "What has that to do with anything?" asked Erestor. "Our Lord's hospitality is open to all of good will who find our home a refuge, whatever their age." "But...he is likely to die here, like that last one did!" Ah! thought Erestor, now we come to the heart of it. Lindor deems himself too sensitive to deal with mortal death. He recalled that the minstrel had been quite offended at the death of Hildifons Took. "That is the way of mortals when they arrive at the end appointed to them. Master Elrond has deemed this particular perian to be worthy of his hospitality and friendship. I suggest that if you have any objections to Mr. Baggins' presence you keep them to yourself lest you risk offending the Lord of Imladris." Lindor's face flamed. He gave a wordless nod and took himself off in a huff. Erestor breathed a sigh of relief. The Elf had a wondrous way with a song, it was true, but his personality was most grating! -oo000oo- Eledwhen led her friend Mairen and Mairen's husband Avorn, into the storage room where Master Baggins' belongings had been stowed. In a corner were four good-sized wooden crates, neatly stacked; three trunks which looked quite small to the Elves, but must have seemed quite large to the hobbits; and two other crates which were about half the size of the first four. Today they would not be bringing the items up to the quarters where he would be living, but they did plan to go through what Master Baggins had brought with him, to get an idea of what sort of things he