In 2007 I did the "stump-the-author" meme, and Dana stumped me. She asked for the following: "I would like hobbits in Minas Tirith, post-quest, focusing on Frodo and Pippin - with Frodo as the wise and awesome older cousin. Let the bunny develop as it will, of course! Here's what I came up with- THE ARCHIVES INCIDENT The two hobbits huddled together. Frodo drew Pippin's weary head to his lap, and began the old familiar motion of running his fingers through his cousin's tangled curls, and smoothing his brow. The narrow line of pain on Pippin's forehead eased a bit, for which Frodo found himself thankful. Frodo felt a wave of guilt wash over him. This was ridiculous, after all the danger of the Quest, to find themselves like this, when they should have been perfectly safe and out of danger. And of course it was all his own fault for suggesting this outing in the first place. When Faramir had told him of all the ancient scrolls and books to be found in the Archives, he had been unable to resist the chance to see some of them. Merry was on duty at Théoden's bier, and Legolas had asked Sam to the gardens at the Houses of Healing, to help him work on some of the espaliered fruit trees that had been damaged in the Siege. Pippin was bored, and not at all averse to accompanying Frodo, especially with the incentive of stopping at an ale-house on the way back. They'd eaten a cake or two with some tea for elevenses, and then headed up to the Citadel. Faramir had told Frodo where to find the Archives, and the librarian had been most cordial to them, allowing them to browse among the many shelves at their leisure. Frodo was pleased to discover a copy of the Akallabeth with a slightly different account of the last days of Númenor than he had previously read. Pippin was picking books and scrolls at random from the lower shelves, and reading a little before putting them back. Suddenly he had given a loud bark of laughter. Frodo looked at him reprovingly. "Pippin!" he hissed. "Oh, but Frodo, you have to see this! Remember that we found out Strider was the mysterious Captain Thorongil? Here's a long poem all about his exploits!" He chuckled again, more quietly, and Frodo could not resist coming to see his find. It was not a book, but a small scroll written on a singe sheet of parchment. "Oh dear!" He put his hand over his mouth to stifle his own laughter. "Oh dear, this is dreadful poetry!" Pippin giggled. "Wouldn't I give a pretty penny to hear Menelcar declaim this to the King?" "Pippin, you are terrible!" "Listen: He came from oh, so far away, The captain with his eyes of grey. His hair was dark, his look was grave, And he was very, very brave." Pippin stopped to snicker, and Frodo bit his lip. "No other warrior had the skill Of the great Thorongil. No one knew his history. He was a man of mystery." " 'Man of mystery!'" Pippin snorted. "I'll say!" He continued to read in a sing-song voice: "From the north he came Preceded by his fame. All of Gondor sang his praise, But he was humble always. He was victorious in battle And so he proved his mettle. When from the high seas pirates dread Came our fair coastline to raid-" " 'Dread' and 'raid' don't rhyme." Frodo was turning quite red with the efforts not to laugh, and his eyes began to water. "Pippin! Shush!" Pippin bit his lip. It really was hard not to laugh. "I wonder what else this so-called poet wrote?" He handed the scroll to Frodo, who stared at it and shook his head, while Pippin bent to examine on a lower shelf, looking to see if he could find anything else of the sort. Frodo kept hold of the scroll. It was probably dreadfully wicked of him, but he would give anything to see the look on Aragorn's face when he saw this. He moved further on, checking some of the other items on the shelf. Nothing else looked anything like so promising, and he came around the other end of it. "Hullo! I wonder where this goes?" A door stood open, and a stairway led down. On a hook by the door hung a lantern, just out of Frodo's reach. "Pip!" he called softly. "Come here!" Pippin left off his search for more of the bad poet's work, to see what Frodo had found. Frodo was peering into the darkness. "I can't reach the lantern," he said. Pippin grinned, and reached up to take the lantern off its hook. "Thank you, Treebeard!" he exclaimed cheerfully. "I hope you have a striker, cousin, for I don't." Frodo did. Gimli had given them all new strikers not long after coming to the City. "You lost yours already?" "No, but it's at the house. I forgot to put it in my pocket today-I'd been carrying it in my pouch, for my livery has no pockets." Frodo shook his head. Pippin might have grown a few inches, but when it came to his personal possessions he was as heedless as ever. His cousin held the lantern as Frodo lit it, and then they used it to peer down the long dark stairway. At the foot of the stair, he could barely make out another room, more shelves, more scrolls. Almost without volition he started down the stairs. "Frodo! What are you doing?" Pippin hissed. "I want to see what's down there," said Frodo distractedly. Pippin rolled his eyes. Just like Cousin Bilbo-wave a few scrolls in front of Frodo-especially if they were old, and maybe in Elvish-and he'd lose any sense he had. Shaking his head in amusement he followed his older cousin. The stairs were wide, taking two hobbit steps across, but fairly shallow, so the climb down was not nearly so laborious as some of the stairwells in the City. At the foot of the stair was a large room, another Archive just like the one upstairs, save that it was a good deal larger, a good deal dustier, a good deal older, and not quite as neatly kept. In addition to the scrolls on shelves, there were several open wooden boxes of scrolls, and upon the large reading table, several more lay in disarray, though dusty, as though they had been left out several years ago in the middle of someone reading them. The bench at the table was an awkward size, but Frodo went over, and clambered up to kneel atop it, which enabled him to peruse the various documents there. He put the lantern down, and pulling one of the scrolls over, blew the dust off carefully, sneezing slightly. Pippin had found another lantern near the entrance to the room, and went over, using the first lantern to light it. "You don't look terribly comfortable, cousin," he said. Frodo made a non-committal noise. Already his brow was furrowed as he tried to decipher the archaic hand. Pippin glanced over, and seeing that one of the boxes was only half-filled, he emptied the scrolls into another, and went over to the bench. "Frodo." No response. "Frodo!" "What? Oh, I am sorry, Pippin! But these are so very old-" Pippin smiled, and putting the box upside down on the bench, he gestured at it with a flourish. Frodo looked up ruefully. "Thank you," he said, as he seated himself on top of the box. "That's much better." His attention strayed once more to the writing in front of him. Chuckling, Pippin took the extra lantern, and went to explore the rest of the room. Frodo was right, these are very old, he thought, as he took out a document that proved to be an account of one of the earliest stewards. But the writing was too difficult to read. He sneezed himself, at the dustiness of it. He pulled out another scroll at random, though, and was pleased to see that it had drawings-sketches of the City, and of what appeared to be plans of some buildings. Now that was interesting…Merry would be fascinated…he tried to puzzle out what he was seeing. Pippin had not nearly the head for maps that Merry did, but it appeared to be the layout of the First Circle…there was a sketch of the Gate, as it had appeared before the siege…and what was that? He unrolled it on the floor, and knelt down on it to look more closely… He was soon as engrossed as Frodo, and the room was fairly silent except for the rustle of parchment, and the occasional sound of one of them blowing dust away. Though Pippin looked up from time to time to check on Frodo, he had lost track of the time. Suddenly Frodo gave a strangled wordless cry, and Pippin leaped up, to see Frodo gazing white-faced and anguished at the parchment in front of him. He went over to him quickly. "What is it, Frodo?" he asked, putting an arm around his older cousin's thin frame. He could feel him trembling. Frodo looked at him, stricken, and then pointed to the document he had been looking at. Pippin could not really read the archaic language, but there, in the middle of the page were two lines in graceful Elvish script, which Frodo's finger traced. "What is it, Frodo?" Pippin repeated. Frodo looked at him with haunted eyes and then whispered, "No, you wouldn't know-you never saw it. That's the inscription from-from the Ring. This must be the account Isildur wrote, which Gandalf found…" Angrily, Pippin reached over, and shoved the scroll away, and drew Frodo close as he shuddered. "We've been here long enough, don't you think?" Frodo swallowed hard, and nodded, and took a couple of deep breaths. Pippin helped him down from his perch. Silently, they took the lanterns, and made their way to the staircase. But they looked up, and there was no rectangle of light where the door had stood open. "Someone's shut the door." Pippin looked at Frodo, and with the feeling that something was wrong, they made their way up the stairs, where they discovered that their unspoken fear was quite right. The door was locked. Pippin banged his hand against the door, and cried out "Hoy! We're in here!" But the thud of his hand was muffled, and he felt his voice was lost against the thickness of the wood. Frodo snuffed his lantern. "We'd better not use them both up. We may be here for a while." Dispiritedly, they sat down on the top step. Pippin's stomach chose that moment to rumble loudly. "Perhaps there is another way out," said Frodo. "Do you think so?" Pippin asked. "We didn't look through all of the room below-there could be another exit there." "Well, let's go see." Pippin clambered to his feet, and reached a hand to Frodo, and they once more made their way to the room at the bottom of the staircase. This time they did not allow themselves to be distracted by the wealth of reading material, but began to search for a way out. Certainly enough, they found a door on the far wall. It was shut, but not locked. Pippin opened it with a bit of a struggle. Man-sized doors in the Citadel were not that easy for a hobbit to open. It groaned as he pushed it. Frodo held the lantern up. "Well, Pip, shall we see if we can discover a way out?" "If you are altogether sure this is a good idea." Frodo glanced at his cousin. Pippin's voice was a bit higher pitched than usual. xxxxxxx Sam and Legolas had returned to the guesthouse to find it empty. Mr. Merry would not be back till sunset and suppertime, but he was surprised to see that Mr. Frodo and