(Written in 2006 for Marigold's Challenge #29) AUTHOR: Dreamflower RATING: PG CATEGORY: General SUMMARY: Sad news summons Frodo to Buckland. AUTHOR'S NOTES: [1] Marigold gave a list of four categories of elements for each writer to choose from. I chose the following: Category one: A parent Category two: A journey Category three: An inn Category four: An artist [2] This story takes place in S.R. 1408. Frodo is 39, Merry is 26 and Pippin is 18 ( 25 ½, 16 ½ and 12 in Man-years). [3] In my version of the Shire, Paladin became Thain ten years before Ferumbras' death, when Ferumbras abdicated his duties. [4] My thanks to Ariel, for the loan of Cousin Dody. WARNING: Minor canon character deaths, as listed in the Family Trees of Appendix C* and OC death. Very angsty! DISCLAIMER: Middle-earth and all its peoples belong to the Tolkien Estate. I own none of them. Some of them, however, seem to own me. COUSIN CALLA Frodo was restless. Tossing back the covers, he sat up and reached for his dressing gown. Perhaps a cup of chamomile tea would help. He quietly slipped out of his room, and padded down the hallway. He stopped, and cracked the doors to each guest room, to check on Merry and Pippin. Both were sleeping soundly. He shook his head, feeling a bit wistful. Time was, both of them would have been curled up with him, and he would have slept just fine with them at his side. But Merry was in his tweens now, and Pippin very nearly so. That meant unless Pippin were sick, or Merry knew that Frodo was feeling melancholy, they mostly stayed in their own beds at night when they visited. He had to admit to himself that he missed the days when they were small, and enjoyed a good cuddle. But they were growing into fine young hobbits, and he was very proud of them. In the kitchen, he filled the kettle and put it on to boil, and searched out the chamomile. It was spring, and it was only to be expected that he felt this way. Things had been much better since he had come to live in Hobbiton so many years before, but still the old grief lingered and made itself felt from time to time, especially in the spring near the time he had lost his parents. The kettle came to the boil, and he put the tea to steep, and went to search out a couple of scones he had purposely put back at teatime. If he ever wanted to have a little treat, he had to hide things occasionally from his voracious cousins. He had just sat down, when he heard a pounding at the door. Alarmed, he darted up. It was three o' clock in the morning. That meant nothing less than a dire emergency. He hoped all was well down at Number Three; he could not begin to imagine what the problem could be. He hurried to open the door, and became aware of the presence of Merry and Pippin. They stood silently, eyes wary and fearful, at the back of the hall. Merry had put on his dressing gown, though he had not tied it, and Pippin was clad only in his nightshirt. "Just a moment!" Frodo exclaimed, reaching to throw back the bolt and fling open the door. "Paladin!" he cried out in shock. "Father, what's wrong?" Pippin rushed to his father's arms. "Is everyone all right at home?" Paladin gave his son a reassuring squeeze. "Everything is just fine at the Great Smials " he answered emphatically. "But-" his green eyes locked on Frodo's, and then flicked to Merry, "-I'm afraid we've disturbing news from Buckland." "Aunt Gilda?" was Frodo's immediate response. His Aunt Menegilda had been in poor health off and on for many years. Merry came up to stand beside Frodo, whose arm automatically went around his younger cousin's shoulders. Paladin shook his head. "It's Rory. The Master." Merry gave a sudden wordless cry, and clutched at Frodo, who pulled him closer. "He's not gone yet. But the word we had was that he's not much longer for the world; if we wish to see him before he slips away, we must make haste." Frodo bit his lip, and nodded sharply. "We'll have to hire ponies. It means waking them up at The Ivy Bush , I'm afraid." Merry was looking at him, white and resolute. "Get dressed and get your things together, Merry dear." Frodo embraced him briefly and fiercely, and then released him, giving him a look of both confidence and sympathy. "We will do our best to get you back to your Grandda before he is gone." "Yes, Frodo." Tears swam in the tween's grey eyes, but he blinked and angrily dashed them away and he turned sadly to go back to his room. Frodo turned to Paladin. "I thank you for coming to let us know." Paladin had stood back up, though he kept his arms around Pippin, who had turned to watch Merry with anxious eyes. "The Quick Post rider came to Great Smials first; he was heading here afterward, but I thought it faster if I simply came myself. Eglantine is seeing to bringing the lasses by coach, but I knew that Pippin would want to be with Merry. And as Thain, I should be there if I can, when-" He stopped abruptly, and looked down at Pippin, who was shivering. "Son, why don't you go and get dressed, get your things together, and see if you can help Merry." "Yes, Father." Pippin gave his father another hug, and then followed in the direction Merry had gone. Frodo watched him go, and then said "Paladin, would you mind dreadfully knocking up the hostler, and seeing about the ponies? I will get dressed and see to making us an early first breakfast. It would be good if we could leave by sun-up." "Not at all, Frodo." Paladin looked at the white and resolute face of his younger cousin. Aside from his pallor, there was no sign of the grief he must be feeling. The last thing Frodo felt like was eating, but he knew very well that they would regret it if they did not have a hearty breakfast before they left, for there would be no time to stop for a second one, or even elevenses. Even pony back, they could not hope to get there without stopping. Pippin was a good rider for his age, but he'd be sick if they tried to ride straight through. And Frodo had to admit to himself, it had been years since he'd made such a long ride in haste. He'd never been a particularly strong rider, though he wasn't bad. But like Bilbo, he'd always preferred to walk, unless at great need. He sliced bread for toasting, and got out eggs to scramble. There were sausages and rashers of bacon, and he cut up some potatoes to fry. It was more like second breakfast than first. "Is Merry all right, dearest?" he asked, knowing without turning around that Pippin had come into the kitchen. "Yes," Pippin replied in a small voice. "He's dressed and packed, and he's just sitting on his bed staring. He said to come see if you needed any help. I think he wants to be alone?" Pippin said this last doubtfully. He could not imagine wanting to be alone in such circumstances. "It won't be for long, Pippin. He probably just wants to get his thoughts in order. This is not something anyone expected." While none of them would have been surprised if the summons had regarded Merry's grandmother, old Rory had always been very spry for his age. Not so much so as Bilbo, who indeed, had never shown his age at all, but still, Rory had kept very well for a hobbit of one-hundred-and-six. And Merry did not like being surprised by circumstances. "Oh." Pippin quietly began to set the table, without being asked. Frodo was finishing up preparing the meal, when Paladin returned, and a moment later, Merry entered the kitchen. They all sat down to the table quietly, and Frodo dished up the plates. At first Merry and Pippin did not think they were hungry, but after a few bites, their youthful appetites took over, and they ate hungrily, Pippin taking his usual third helping of everything, though Merry stopped with seconds. The adults simply ate with determination, knowing they would need the sustenance. The Sun was beginning to show her first rays into the kitchen window as they finished, and there was a knock at the door. "Come in, Sam," called Frodo. Sam Gamgee came in, and looked at them in surprise. "Thain Paladin," he said in greeting, with a polite bob of the head. "Is something wrong, Mr. Frodo? I could see the lights were on, and such. It's early." Not early of course, for Sam, who was often up at first light to begin his work before the heat of the day, but very early indeed for such gentlehobbits. "Yes, I am afraid so, Sam. We've had sad news from Buckland, and will have to set off at once. I am sorry to say my Uncle Rory is dying." There was a choked noise from Merry, and Pippin turned at once to hug him, as he wept. It was the first time the word "dying" had been said. "I am sorry to hear that, Mr. Frodo. Is there aught I can do to help?" Sam's own brown eyes filled in sympathy as he looked at Merry. "Would you mind terribly seeing to the washing up, then, Sam? We can be on our way all the sooner then." Frodo rarely asked Sam to help with indoor duties-they were not part of his job after all. But this was an emergency. "Of course I will, Mr. Frodo. And I am very sorry to hear about the old Master." Which Sam was. Mr. Bilbo had been very fond of the Master of Brandy Hall, and the few times Sam had seen him, he had been a very jolly and clever fellow. He thought Mr. Merry must take after his grandfather in many ways. "You can be on your way, and I will see to everything here for you." Frodo stood up, and handed Merry a handkerchief. Merry took it, looking up gratefully, and blew his nose. Merry stood up. "Come on, then, Pip. Let's get our things." xxxxxxxx Paladin led them a brisk pace from Hobbiton, through Bywater and on down the road towards Frogmorton. In spite of his haste, the hour for luncheon had passed by the time they came to The Floating Log. Frodo was stiff and sore when he dismounted. Paladin was more used to riding, but when the Thain turned to check on Pippin, he noticed the lad's face was grey with exhaustion. Merry sat still upon his pony, even after everyone else had dismounted, as though he were reluctant to stop. "Merry," said Frodo gently but firmly. "We have to take a break, have something to eat, and see about fresh ponies." His face pinched, Merry finally dismounted, and they went into the inn. Paladin went to speak to the innkeeper. The others stood politely behind him, Pippin leaning tiredly against Frodo. "We'd like luncheon for four, and I would like to see about leaving these ponies here and hiring fresh ones." "Leave them ponies? 'At's not done, Mr.-" "Took. Paladin Took." The innkeeper's face was a study in consternation. "I'm sorry, Thain Paladin. We'll see to it at once." The innkeeper made as if to hustle off, but Paladin stayed him. "That's not all. I'd like to take a room where we can nap. Four hours should be sufficient time for us to rest before we are on our way." "Four hours!" Merry burst out angrily. "We can't stop for four hours!