( I think of this story as slightly AU for my Shire 'verse as it doesn't quite fit into my usual timeline, but I had to fit in all of the elements. I hope you enjoy your story, Pearl!) Rating: G Summary -well, here's Pearl's request, which I attempted to fulfill, with the possible exception of the lightning, which ended up being merely metaphorical. Pearl Took's Request: I would like a humorous story with the setting at the Great Smials. Pippin is very young (but not an infant). Gandalf is present and is putting on a fireworks show to celebrate Yule. The story must include a lightening strike as a secondary element, but without any great emphasis on the resulting fire. At some point, Gandalf gets into the holiday punch, which of course, has been spiked!" YULE AT GREAT SMIALS For the first time in many years there was a certain sense of lightness about the Great Smials at Yuletide. The prospect of a grand wedding in the Southfarthing among her Clayhanger and Bracegirdle relations-her great-niece, Aubrieta Clayhanger was to marry the heir of the Hornblower clan, young Tibald-had lured Lalia out of the Great Smials for the first time in years, and she had commandeered her son, the Thain, to accompany her. Word of her departure, even though temporary, quickly spread through the Shire. The knowledge that Lalia would not be in attendance at the Great Smial's Yule festivities had lured many who had avoided them for years to take advantage and attend. Among those who received word were Bilbo and Frodo Baggins. "Frodo, my lad, I've a letter from your Uncle Saradoc and Aunt Esmeralda! It seems they will not be at Brandy Hall for Yule this year!" "What do you mean, Uncle Bilbo?" Frodo was surprised. They had always made it their custom to visit Buckland and celebrate Yule at Brandy Hall. Frodo quite looked forward to the visit with his Brandybuck cousins. "Lalia is not going to be at the Great Smials during Yule! Paladin and Eglantine are going there this year, and Saradoc and Esmeralda will be joining them." "Oh." Frodo was disappointed. Bilbo grinned. "Since my main reason for avoiding the Great Smials is not there, I see no reason that we should not also join them there this year." "Oh, Uncle Bilbo! Thank you!" "No need for thanks, Frodo-it will make a nice change for all of us. I do think that things may be rather crowded there, but it will be nice to see some of my Tookish connections again." xxxxx In Buckland, at Brandy Hall, the Master and Mistress of Buckland had taken the news that their son and his family would be going to the Tooklands for the holiday with equanimity. "After all," said Rory, "you've made your wife's brother and his family travel here every Yule for years. It's only fair to have turnabout for once." "We'll miss you, son," said Menegilda, "but I'll be sure to save one of my fruitcakes for your return." "Well, son," Rorimac asked his son, "you do have my gift to your brother-in-law well packed, so that it will not jostle?" "Of course, Da," Saradoc grinned. "Two casks of the Hall's finest apple brandy! Just the thing for making a fine punch!" xxxxx Bilbo and Frodo were busy packing for their journey to Tuckborough. "Do you think the weather will hold, Uncle Bilbo?" Frodo asked. "After all, we wouldn't want to be caught by rain or snow before we get there." Bilbo chuckled. "The Gaffer assures me that the weather will hold-cold, but mild and sunny-for a day or so at least. And he always knows; feels it in his bones, he says." Frodo began to buckle his pack. "You never feel the weather in your bones, Uncle Bilbo, and you are a lot older than the Gaffer." "I'm uncommonly lucky, Frodo my lad! I am quite sure that I take after the Old Took! It's possible that I may even outlive him." Frodo took a deep breath. Uncle Bilbo talked about such things so casually, but he didn't like to think about it. Yes, his older cousin might be planning to outlive the Old Took, but there was no guarantee he'd live another week. Life was unpredictable, as he knew all too well. Out loud he merely said, "I sincerely hope you do, Uncle Bilbo. I don't know what I'd do without you." Bilbo smiled at him. He knew what Frodo was thinking, but he was determined not to allow the mood to get serious. "Well, you'll not be finding out anytime soon, my lad! Now, are you all packed? If you are finished, we can be off after second breakfast." But just then there was a smart rapping at the door. Bilbo sighed. "Frodo, would you answer the door? I don't think it is the S.-B.s; they were off to the Southfarthing for the holidays, and to attend a wedding. I'll go put the kettle on for our breakfast tea." Bilbo headed to the kitchen while Frodo went to answer the door, which was being rapped upon again. Frodo opened the door, and then his jaw dropped at the sight of the visitor. "Gandalf!" He grinned, and moved to embrace the unexpected guest. The wizard bent down and took Frodo into his arms. "Frodo! It's very good to see you again! And where is that rascally Uncle of yours?" But just then Bilbo emerged from the kitchen, wiping his hands on a towel. "Gandalf! Come in, come in! You are just in time to join us for second breakfast!" "Second for you, perhaps, Bilbo, but a first for me. I've not broken my fast yet this morning-I was looking forward to your hospitality, and did not wish to blunt my appetite before I had a chance to sample your cooking!" They went into the kitchen, and Gandalf sat down next to the table and drew out his pipe. As he lit it, he noted the packs by the door. "Are you planning on going somewhere?" he asked, with a slight note of disappointment. "We are going to the Great Smials for Yule. You are more than welcome to come with us," said Bilbo with a grin. Gandalf gave a derisive bark of laughter. "You think to cozen me! You are no fonder of Mistress Lalia than I am! She would have apoplexy if I were to show up there for the Yuletide festivities!" Frodo, who was setting the table, grinned. "Ah, but Mistress Lalia is not going to be there! She and Thain Ferumbras are spending Yule in Longbottom this year!' Gandalf's eyes widened in astonishment. "Bilbo! Is that so?" "It most certainly is. Otherwise, I would be going to Brandy Hall this year, as usual." "Hmm…" Gandalf stroked his beard, and looked thoughtful. "Uncle Sara and Aunt Esme and Merry will be there!" said Frodo encouragingly. "It has been a while since there have been fireworks at the Great Smials. Tooks were once rather fond of them…" Gandalf mused. Bilbo grinned, as he stirred up the mushrooms and taters in the skillet. "Oh, do say you will come with us, Gandalf!" Frodo exclaimed. The wizard puffed on his pipe for a moment or two, as Frodo stood impatiently, his hands clasped together. Gandalf blew out a red smoke ring, and then sent a green one up to link together with it. "Very well," he said. "I will accompany you. Are you set on walking, or would you mind riding in my cart?" Frodo gave a joyous whoop, and leapt up as though he were much younger, and not a tween of twenty-six. xxxxx With both Thain and Mistress gone, Paladin suddenly found that his arrival at the Smials meant that all the servants looked to him to preside over the festivities; not something he'd wanted, but something he'd more or less anticipated. The head housekeeper, Mistress Foxglove trotted alongside him and Eglantine. "I put you all in the South Wing, Mr. Paladin, in the apartment across from the Mistress's. Cook has the welcoming feast well in hand. We'd assumed you'd dine in the Main Hall this evening. Tomorrow we are expecting several more guests to arrive…" Behind them, the children Pearl, Pimpernel, Pervinca and little Peregrin, scurried to keep up. Peregrin, who was only five, and whose little legs were taking two steps to his sisters' ones, began to tire and to fall behind. With a sigh, he stopped, and just stared, tears coming to his green eyes. He watched them turn into another corridor in this confusing place, and he sat down on the floor, his back against the wall, and sniffled. Everyone forgot about him, he thought sadly. They all just left. He did not like this big place at all. "Pippin!" He looked up to see his sister Pearl coming back, and he stood up. "Pearl, I thought you forgotted me," he said sadly. She scooped him up, and hugged him tightly. "I'm sorry, Pip! We thought you were right there with us." "You went too fast." He snuggled his head against her shoulder, and sniffed. "This place is too big!" She squeezed him. "I know, dear! It really is too big! But it will be fun here! There will be lots of cousins to play with!" He looked up at her hopefully. "Merry?" "Yes, Pip, Merry is coming! And so are Cousin Bilbo and Frodo!" "Oh goody!" Pippin exclaimed. Just then, they caught up to the rest of the family, the housekeeper still talking. xxxxx Frodo was warmly ensconced between Bilbo and Gandalf on the large seat of the cart. The big brown cart-horse plodded patiently along the Post Road, which was a quicker route to Tuckborough than the regular road. The tweenager listened in fascination to his Uncle Bilbo and the wizard as they talked. "No, Bilbo, I am afraid I have not heard from Balin for a few years now. But starting a new colony is a big enterprise; I am sure he has little time for personal correspondence." "A dangerous enterprise, as well, Gandalf. I do remember that you were against his project." Gandalf shrugged. "I was. Yet, still I must hope that I was wrong." He gave the reins a shake, and then said, "However, once it was learned I was heading in your direction, I was inundated with messages to you! Your other companions all wished me to bring their regards. I also bring greetings from Beorn, who remembers you fondly, and said he hoped you still remembered how to make his honeycakes; from King Bard of Dale; from the Elven-king of Mirkwood, Thranduil; and from Master Elrond himself, who wondered when you might be making another visit." Frodo's ears twitched at that. Would Bilbo visit Rivendell again? If he did, perhaps he would take Frodo with him! How delightful! They took the Post Road, which was quicker than the regular road, though not so well maintained. It had ruts along both sides, and grass had grown up in the centre in a few places. But Gandalf's cart was a sturdy one, and had no problems, though the road was bumpy enough. Luncheon was eaten in a leisurely fashion, from a hamper which Bilbo had placed beside the seat, and then, when he and Gandalf had finished eating, and Frodo was filling up his corners with an apple, Gandalf and Bilbo drew out their pipes. Frodo watched in delight as Bilbo blew out several perfect smoke rings, while Gandalf did the same-but his were nearly every colour of the rainbow! They were only a few miles from Tuckborough where the Post Road joined to the main road, and they heard someone coming behind them. Gandalf pulled to the verge to allow the carriage to pass, and Frodo turned to look. "Uncle Bilbo! It's the Brandybuck carriage!" The carriage stopped alongside, and there were greetings exchanged. Merry was so excited to see