The first two parts of this story were posted at wee!hobbits a few years ago, but it languished in incomplete-land. I decided to finish it just for Shirebound! I have posted it here all as a single story. It's very silly. Rated G. Summary: A very unusual visitor comes to Bag End. A DIFFERENT KIND OF MARY SUE (A WEE!HOBBITS AU) Frodo is 23, Sam is almost 11, Merry has just turned 9 and Pippin is almost 2, Pearl is not quite 16, Pimpernel is 12, and Pervinca is 7. ( 15, 7, 5½,13 months, 10, 7 ½ and 4 ½ in Man-years.) Our guest star is 2 ½ in Man-years, or 4 in Hobbit-years. PART 1 It was a warm and pleasant spring day at Bag End. Frodo sat on the kitchen steps, telling a story to Merry, Sam and Pearl, while nearby, Pimmie and Pervinca were playing at being fine ladies, and using their baby brother as their "child". The Gaffer was at the bottom of the garden thinning scallions and Paladin and Eglantine were still at the table inside, visiting with Bilbo. "…and so the next morning when the Sun peeked her way over the edge of the wood, Mr. and Mrs. Badger led Tip and Tulip from their sett, and put them on the right path to home. Their parents were so glad to see them that they quite forgot to be cross with them, and gave them warm milk with honey and cinnamon and scones and porridge for first breakfast. But I am very much afraid they did not believe what their children had to say about their visit with the Badgers!"* As Frodo finished the tale with a flourish that would have done Bilbo proud, he could overhear the two younger lasses. "Won't you come into my smial, Miss Pervinca?" Pimmie was saying in a high and affected voice, as she jiggled the baby on her hip. Pippin was beginning to get too big for his middle sister to carry, and he was restless to be put down. "Be still, Pip!" she ordered in her normal voice. "Yes, thank you, Mistress Pimmie-" Pervinca answered in her "grown-up" voice. " 'Mistress Pimpernel'" her sister hissed. " 'Mistress Pimpernel,'" Vinca repeated. "Come this way," and Pimpernel led her "guest" towards the lilac bushes beneath the kitchen window. They were ideally suited to hide behind, or to serve as a "smial" in such games. Frodo watched as Pimmie put her squirming brother down, and pretended to open a door. Suddenly, both lasses let out with a shriek, and Pippin began to wail as they frightened him. Frodo was up in a flash, followed by the others. His first thought was that perhaps Widow Rumble's ginger tom was back there. He was generally a placid and safe creature, but he was a fierce ratter, and Pippin wasn't much larger than a squirrel. His second thought was that it sounded like two babies crying-but that was impossible. Then the squalling stopped, and Pippin had begun to crawl under the bush. Pimmie and Vinca clung on to Pearl, weeping and babbling nonsense, so far as Frodo could tell, but Pippin was vanishing behind the bushes as fast as his little hands and knees would take him. "Pippin!" Frodo yelled. He grabbed Merry who was starting to go after Pippin. "Go get Uncle Bilbo and the others!" Merry shot him a glare but obeyed. Sam had run down to the bottom of the garden to get his Gaffer. The crying had stopped, and all Frodo could hear behind the bush was a rather ominous rustling. With his heart in his stomach, he picked up a large stick and stuck his head behind the bush. His jaw dropped. So did the stick. Pearl and the other lasses had come up behind him. "Is it an Elf?" whispered Pimpernel. Frodo swallowed. "I don't think so." he whispered back. "Elves have pointed ears, as we do." Pippin looked up into the face of his captor, who held him firmly about the waist. "Gah!" he said, and grinned. "Hewwoh," she answered, and giggled. "Well I'll be!" came the Gaffer's voice from behind Frodo. "What is it?" "Bless me!" that was Bilbo. Paladin, Eglantine and Merry were now staring as well. There was a brief silence. Finally, Merry whispered "It's a giant faunt! She was at least as tall as Frodo, though not quite so tall as an adult hobbit, but she was much larger, chubby in the way of babies and faunts . Her hair was so pale it was very nearly white, fine as silk, and nearly straight. Her eyes were deep brown, and puzzled. She turned to look at Pippin, who suddenly decided to reach for her nose. "Babbee-doh?" she said. Pippin gurgled, and pulled at her nose rather hard. With a cry of pain, she let go of him, and he tumbled to the ground, to land rather hard on his well-nappied bottom. He let out a shriek at this unceremonious event, and now both of them were wailing again. Suddenly, Eglantine moved with determination. Pushing Bilbo and Paladin aside, she brushed past Frodo, and stooping slightly went behind the bush to retrieve her son. "It's all right, Pippin dearest, mama is here. Come to mama." And she quickly scooped up her tiny son and began to back away. Their unusual guest sniffed, stopped crying, and said "Mommy? Where mommy?" There was no response to this, and the expression on her face began to grow frantic. "Mommy!" Once more she was sobbing, this time rather quietly, and the sound was heart-breaking. Eglantine handed Pippin to his father. "Poor little lass!" she said. "Little?" said Bilbo, astonished. They stared at her. She was clad in a short dress of a violent shade of pink. The buttons were also brightly colored-they looked like very hard and shiny flowers. Her feet were also clad, in some sort of pink knit cloth, and over them she wore white shoes which were decorated with triangles of garishly bright pink and purple. "Where did she come from?" asked Paladin. Bilbo shook his head. "I've no idea!" After a moment, she stuck her thumb in her mouth, though the tears were still crawling down her cheeks. She gave a sniffle. Eglantine turned to her husband and Bilbo. "Well, we can't leave the poor child there! I wonder where she came from? Have there been any Men in the Shire recently?" Paladin shook his head. "The last Men to come through were a tinker and his son on the East-West Road, about a month ago." As the Thain's Heir, he was well-informed about such things. The child was still sniffling, her brown eyes filled with confusion. "Want Mommy," she said sadly. Then she bit her lips, and her eyes grew wide with consternation. "Potty?" When there was no response, as the hobbits all looked at one another in dismay, she repeated, "Haffa potty…oops!" The rather ripe smell made it clear just what "oops" had meant. "That's it!" said Eglantine, putting her hands on her hips. She evaded Paladin's grasp and went back behind the bush. "Come here, dearling," she said in a gentle reassuring tone. "Let's see about getting you a clean nappy…" She reached out both hands, and the child took them with her own. "Can you walk with me?" The child wobbled to her feet uncertainly. She was less than half a head shorter than Eglantine, but she seemed comforted by the stream of motherly encouragements, and followed the hobbitess out of her little cubby-hole. Bilbo, Paladin and the Gaffer were gaping in astonishment, but the children had recovered from their fright and were looking curiously at their odd visitor. Eglantine looked at Sam. "Samwise, would you mind fetching your mother? I think that I am going to need some help." Sam took off at a lope, with Merry at his heels, while the Gaffer's mouth opened and closed rather like a fish out of water. Bilbo reached over tentatively, and placed a gentle finger under the child's dimpled chin. "Can you tell us your name, lass? Who are you?" She gave a shy smile from under lowered lashes. "I's Mawy Sue." Bilbo's eyebrows rose. "Marisu?" he asked. "Um-hmm." She put her thumb back in her mouth, and studied him seriously. A few minutes later, Eglantine and the strange child were in Bilbo's second best guest room, and Bell Gamgee was also staring in astonishment. It had taken some coaxing to get Marisu to climb upon the bed, but she lay there now, giving the two hobbit mothers a trusting look. "Poor thing!" said Bell. "I wonder where her parents are?" Eglantine shook her head. "We've no idea. And there are more immediate concerns." For the aroma of soiled nappy was beginning to be rather overwhelming. "Obviously, none of Pippin's nappies will fit her." Bell looked troubled. "The only thing I can think of that might do would be one o' Mr. Bilbo's bath towels. One o' them might be big enough, Mistress Eglantine." Eglantine nodded. "That's an excellent idea, Mrs. Gamgee! I am sure that Bilbo will not mind under the circumstances." There was a tap at the door, and Bell opened it. Bilbo stood there with a steaming kettle in one hand and a ewer in another. "I thought perhaps you could use some water?" he asked diffidently. "Thank you, Mr. Bilbo!" Bell took the water, and mixed it in the basin on the washstand, while Eglantine attempted to remove the soiled nappy. "This is the strangest nappy I've ever seen!" she exclaimed in frustration. "There are neither buttons nor pins! I do not know how it fastens. And I've never seen cloth of this sort before-it is all brittle and slick." After several moments attempting to puzzle it out, they determined that it was fastened by two tabs of what appeared to be white paper of some sort. Pulling those away released it, although they could not be fastened back. The inside was both wet and badly soiled. Eglantine was surprised that it was also wet-the outside had been quite dry. She concluded that the strange fabric must be waterproof. They dropped it into the bucket that Eglantine had brought to use for Pippin's nappies. It quite filled it up. Bell closed the top on it. "I hate to say it, as shouldn't, Mistress," said Bell, "but I'm thinking as we ought to just ask Hamfast to bury it. I don't see as how we can get that thing clean-it's like to fall apart already." "I notice that. I quite agree. Go ahead and take it out to him, and when you come back, bring one of those towels and we will see what we can do to make this little dearling comfortable." Marisu was smiling now, as Eglantine took a wet flannel and began to clean her up. She giggled and babbled, but otherwise lay obediently still, glad to be clean. Eglantine chuckled, thinking how active Pippin was when she changed his nappy. Changing her son was always an adventure. But Marisu seemed quite glad to be changed-what a sweet little lass she was! Eglantine reached up to run her fingers through the fine pale hair, so different than a hobbit's. After a moment, Bell came back in with several thick white bath towels. "Mr. Bilbo said as we might need more of them later," she explained. Lacking any other means of fastening the improvised nappy, the two hobbit mothers settled for a couple of well-placed knots. As soon as they were finished, Marisu sat up, swinging her chubby legs over the edge of the bed. Then she took one foot, and used it to cause the shoe on the other foot to fly off. "Poor mite!" said Bell, "those horrid unnatural things on her feet!" She picked up the shoe curiously and turned it over in her hands. She could not begin to