A/N: This was originally written for the following prompt for the March 18, 2011 Back-to-Middle-earth-Month Challenge: There is no beautifier of complexion, or form, or behavior, like the wish to scatter joy and not pain around us. 'Tis good to give a stranger a meal, or a night's lodging. 'Tis better to be hospitable to his good meaning and thought, and give courage to a companion. We must be as courteous to a man as we are to a picture, which we are willing to give the advantage of a good light. Ralph Waldo Emerson The act of kindness or hospitability usually comes from a generous heart. Write a story or poem, or create a piece of art where your character displays this virtue. "Life is mostly froth and bubble, Two things stand like stone, Kindness in another's trouble, Courage in your own." ~Adam Lindsay Gordon "2758-9: The Long Winter follows. Great suffering and loss of life in Eriador and Rohan. Gandalf comes to the aid of the Shire-folk." (Appendix B: Tale of Years)" "And then there was the Shire-folk. I began to have a warm place in my heart for them in the Long Winter, which none of you can remember. They were very hard put to it then: one of the worst pinches they have been in, dying of cold, and starving in the dreadful dearth that followed. But that was the time to see their courage, and their pity for one another. It was by their pity as much as by their tough uncomplaining courage that they survived." (UT, Part III, The Third Age, Chapter III, "The Quest of Erebor") Pity Gandalf pulled his threadbare cloak more closely, and bent his face into the wind. It was tempting, oh so very tempting, to call upon Narya ever so slightly to warm himself up. But he resisted. The Ring of Fire was meant for the benefit of others, not to be used lightly or selfishly. And while his body was not as impervious to the cold as that of an Elf, still he reminded himself he had his own small power as a wizard to keep himself from freezing to death, if not to be actually warm. He did lend some of his own warmth to his poor horse. Dear Borin deserved to be in a nice warm stable somewhere, not wandering about the wilds like this during a winter which should have been long past. Spring's first signs should have been showing up weeks ago. He did not share Elrond's suspicions that the lingering winter could be a device of the Enemy; it did not have that sort of feel to it. Nevertheless, he had fewer memories of Middle-earth than did his friend, and Elrond was a mighty loremaster in his own right, so it had seemed worthwhile to look into the matter. His investigations into the lands that had once belonged to Angmar had been inconclusive, but his consultation with Iarwain had been reassuring. "Do not fear: There is no weather-master. Naught that goes on two legs may make the year go faster. Spring will come when she will come, no sooner and no later." Bombadil, as he was calling himself these days, had cheered him and urged him to remain his guest until the return of milder weather. But Gandalf had declined. He had the nagging feeling his presence was needed elsewhere. Now he was wishing that he had taken his old friend up on the offer, as a particularly nasty gust of wind threatened to carry his tall blue hat away. He put a hand to it, and took a deep breath of bitter cold air. Realizing that he was actually in danger of losing the road, he decided it might be best if he could find a place to stop. He had come from south of the road, and there was nothing there which would provide good shelter, unless he wished to go and turf a wight out of its barrow. He was far too cold and weary to deal with such a nuisance. However, if he had not already passed it by, he seemed to recall there had been an abandoned farm nearby. The cottage had long ago been destroyed by a fire (which was why it had been abandoned) but the half-ruined stone byre had still been standing the last time he passed this way. If he could find it, it should provide enough shelter from the wind and enough protection that he could start a small fire- Borin carried kindling and some firewood. He began to peer forward, and plodded on, leading his tired horse behind. Perhaps it was his earnest prayer that gave him his glimpse of it, or perhaps it was the working out of what was meant to be, but there came a lull in the howl of the wind and the swirl of the snow, and he was able to spot it ahead and to his right, about two rods to the right of the road, and about a half a furlong ahead. Shelter, he thought, more pleased than he could say. Yet as he approached he heard a sound, as of a sad keening- it was not the wind, which had died down for the nonce. It had the sound to his ear of a creature in grief or pain. Perhaps more than one such creature... Moving carefully, lest he alert whatever it might be, he made his way to the ruined hulk of the building. As he drew nigh, it became ever more clear that there were at least two creatures. One was moaning, the other was attempting to offer reassurances, though the voice was laden with its own fear. Gandalf could not make out the words. The snow muffled his quiet approach. "Who is there?" he asked, as he led his weary horse around the end of the broken wall. He stared in surprise, and received a look of shock in return. Rumble was doing his best to keep from despair, but Bard's moans and Hammie's illness weighed on him, dragging him down even as he tried his best to cheer his cousin. They had Hammie between them, but there was precious little warmth to be had from their own bodies, and Rumble feared they would not be able to keep the younger hobbit from freezing to death. He lay between them silent and still, and only the tiny plumes of his breath gave Rumble to know he was still alive. He reached across, and pulled Bard as close as he could with Hammie between them. "Come now, cousin," he said as lightly as he could manage past the lump of sorrow in his own throat. "Just think how often we used to wish for snow when we were younger!" It was a foolish thing to say, but he could not bring himself to utter false reassurances that everything would be all right, and it cut him to the quick to hear Bard grieving already. But what hope had they, really? What a failure their errand had been! A forlorn hope at best: to buy food and bring it from Bree. They had managed to purchase only a few bags of barley-flour, not even enough for the needs of the Tooks, much less the rest of the Shire. Bree was not much better off than the Shire. But it was useless now- the pony had died, and now it looked as though they would as well, and the food would not even get back across the Brandywine. Their family would never know what happened. They could not hold out much longer- the meagre journey food they had with them might make two more scant meals, and they could not eat raw barley-flour. Then they could all huddle together in the snow, and fall asleep never to wake again. If it were not for his fears for the family members awaiting their return, he could almost welcome it. Suddenly, there was a noise above the howling of the wind. A deep voice called out, "Who's there?" Bard ceased his keening, and Rumble sat up, and stared in astonishment. One of the Big Folk! A tall and elderly Man with a worn grey cloak and a tall blue hat, a silver scarf wrapped about his mouth, and a long grey beard extending below, he led a perfectly enormous bay horse. The two hobbits gaped in astonishment and received just such a look in return. Halflings! Gandalf had seen a few in Bree, where they were known as hobbits , but they had all been very shy of him. He had not actually spoken to any of them, though he thought they were rather curious and interesting little people. It had been in the back of his mind for some little while now to find out more about them. But this was most unexpected- what were three of them doing out in this sort of weather? And in such sad condition? The one on the left stared for an instant longer. Then he gently shifted the one in the middle closer to the other hobbit, who still gaped fearfully. Slowly and stiffly, the shuddering halfling arose and gave a little bow. "I am Ferumbras Took at your service," he said in a voice that stammered with cold. "These are my cousins, Flambard Took and Hamilcar Bolger. I am afraid that we cannot offer much in the way of hospitality, but you are welcome to shelter with us out of the wind. We have a little journeybread and some dried fruit, if you are hungry." Few things could surprise Gandalf, but this did. Their faces were blue with cold, and the one who spoke could scarcely stand. The one who was still sitting gazed up at him, his green eyes huge in the thin and shadowed face, but making an effort to show interest. And they had greeted him kindly and offered to share, even in their dire circumstances. As he gazed down on them he felt humbled and a great swell of Pity filled his heart. He blinked back unaccustomed tears. "I am called Gandalf the Grey, and I thank you, Master Hobbits, for your kind offer. As it happens I also have some small provision. Perhaps we can put them together, and thus have more for us all. I see too, that you are suffering from the cold." He indicated the kindling and small amount of firewood that Borin carried. "I can start a fire." "Oh, could you?" asked the one who'd introduced himself as Ferumbras. His face lit up with hope. "We had no kindling, and the wind is too fierce, even here, for us to have much luck." It was the work of only a few minutes to lay a fire. Looking at his shivering companions, Gandalf thought it would not be an abuse of Narya's power to manage the fire, making it burn with a steady heat, that was warmer than usual. He looked with concern at the hobbits, especially the one that seemed to be unconscious. "May I ask how the three of you come to be here?" "We were on our way back from Bree, where we had hoped to buy some food for our family. We weren't able to find much." Ferumbras shrugged sadly. "Then Hammie got sick, and the pony died." Flambard made a gesture, and for the first time Gandalf noticed a shape half-buried in snow just beyond the edge of the ruined byre wall. It was a small sleigh, and clearly another shape completely buried by the snow must have been the body of the pony. Gandalf now took the time to look at the sick one. "Hammie" the others had called him. He appeared much slighter and younger than the other two. He was alarmingly still, and for an instant, Gandalf thought his spirit had already departed. But he gravely inspected the small form. "His