(Written in 2006 for Marigold's Challenge #25) MEFA 2006 Award Category: Races: Hobbits: Post-Sauron's Fall - First Place AUTHOR: Dreamflower RATING : R for violence CATEGORY : General SUMMARY : Ted Sandyman reaps what he has sown. AUTHOR'S NOTES: This story takes place after Chapter 12 of "When the King Comes Back (Brandy Hall)" and references some events mentioned in "The Road to Edoras" WARNING!: Character Death (minor canon character) DISCLAIMER: Middle-earth and all its peoples belong to the Tolkien Estate. I own none of them. Some of them, however, seem to own me. REAPING Ted Sandyman looked at the bottle in front of him. Empty. His pockets were empty as well, and not a coin to be had. There'd be no credit, not for ale, though he knew he'd not be allowed to starve, for all that no one had a word for him. Things were still in a bit of confusion now. But for all that no one would speak to him, he'd overheard enough to know that the Thain and the Master had come to terms, and the Baggins was acting as Mayor, and soon they'd be looking out to punish those hobbits who had helped Lotho. And he knew, as well as he knew his own name, what the result would be: banishment from the Shire. Already people were acting as though he had been sentenced. No one would speak to him, no one would use his name, no one would look him in the eye. Except for one person. Frodo Baggins. Just the other day, he had gone over to the site where the hobbits of Bywater and Hobbiton were at work restoring The Green Dragon . Nobody would look at him, they all turned their backs. But not Frodo Baggins. He'd looked him right in the eye, with so much pity on his face that it was like being punched in the gut. What right did Frodo Baggins have to feel sorry for him? That Brandybuck orphan, that misfit; everyone knew what dark rumors had followed him from Buckland. Missus Lobelia had seen to that. She made sure old Mad Baggins couldn't keep his heir's checkered past a secret, that upstart come to do Mr. Lotho out of what was his by right. And now he had come back from foreign parts, after everyone thinking him dead just like crazy old Bilbo. And giving pitying looks, that made Ted remember things he didn't want to think on. How had it come to this? He'd had a powerful friend in Mr. Lotho, with Big Men at his beck and call-and then them four came back from the Outlands, and started running the Big Men out of the Shire. He'd been admiring the new mill, so much bigger, so much more powerful than the old one when here they came. He'd watched them walk up, in fine fancy clothes, even Sam Gamgee, that jumped-up gardener. He'd grinned at the look of horror on their faces at the sight of Hobbiton. Sam had wept at the sight of that tree cut down. Ted smirked; he'd the oversight of that particular bit of mischief, and hoped to soon stoke the fires at his new mill with wood from that tree. "Don't 'ee like it, Sam? But you always was soft. I thought you'd gone off in one o' them ships you used to prattle about, sailing, sailing. What d'you want to come back for? We've work to do in the Shire now." There had been a dangerous glitter in Sam's eyes, and his fists had clenched. "So I see," said Sam, "No time for washing, but time for wall-propping. But see here Master Sandyman, I've a score to pay in this village, and don't make it any longer with your jeering, or you'll foot a bill too big for your purse." But Ted'd not backed down, as he once would have, in front of them. That Baggins weren't the Master of Bag End no more. "Garn! You can't touch me. I'm a friend o' the Boss's. But he'll touch you all right, if I have any more of your mouth." Ted grinned to himself at the thought of getting to pay them back, as he'd seen to the paying back of that fool Boffin, or that Bolger lad, rotting in the Lockholes. All those years of backing up the Chief had finally paid off. And then Frodo Baggins had said "Don't waste any more words on that fool, Sam! I hope there are not many more hobbits that have become like this. It would be a worse trouble than all the damage Men have done." Then the cousin from Buckland had opened his mouth, arrogance dripping from every word. "You are dirty and insolent, Sandyman," he'd said, looking at Ted as though he were something nasty on the bottom of his foot. "And also very much out of your reckoning. We are just going up the Hill to remove your precious Boss. We have dealt with his Men." * And he'd gaped in shock at the hobbits coming up in a mob. Blowing the horn had done no good; the Brandybuck had blown his own-a silver horn like Ted had never seen before, and soon there was a great crowd of hobbits heading up towards Bag End. Of course, after that everything else had gone wrong. He'd hung back, and been witness to Sharkey's attempt to kill the Baggins, and to old Worm stabbing Sharkey, and a chill still ran through him at the memory of Sharkey's corpse falling away into dust. It wasn't until later that he found out why he'd not seen the poor old Chief for a few days-that Worm had murdered him, and some even said eaten him. And that was when it started. The shunning. More than a body should have to take, he thought, not to have a polite word from anyone at all. Now, from what he could overhear when folk didn't know he was around, there would be trials and there would be banishments. And though they did not say his name, "the miller" was at the top of everyone's list. Well, he was of no mind to wait around to be Marked and banished. He was of a mind to head for the Southfarthing. Nobody knew him there-he could give his mother's maiden name, Clayhanger-and with none the wiser, he could start a new life… xxxxxxx But he found he was sadly wrong-he'd only been a few days in Longbottom when one of the hands at Dago Bracegirdle's pipeweed plantation had identified him. And the word had come that the Thain was offering a reward for his capture. He managed to leave just in time. He made his miserable way through the less populated areas of the Shire, subsisting on the occasional squirrel, or if he were lucky enough to come across a cot-hold, theft. He dared not try to approach anyone to try and work, even under an assumed name, for news of the reward and his description had been posted far and wide. Once, when he had been desperate, he had approached a small village-barely even a hamlet, and found several hobbits gathered to listen to their posthobbit read out the letter the Thain had circulated. Twenty silver pennies if Ted Sandyman were captured and delivered to the Thain at Tuckborough. The list of his deeds shocked him: collaborating with enemies of the Shire-why, he'd only been helping Lotho, who wanted to bring some order to the Shire! Profiteering! As though making a profit was a bad thing! Vandalism and wanton destruction! Why, they had just been knocking down a few old holes and cutting down a few trees to make room for something new! Accessory to the murder of Folco Boffin. That made his blood run cold. Why, he'd not laid a single hand on that hobbit! All he'd done was point out who he was to Lotho's Men. And he had not known they would beat the Boffin lad to death-he thought perhaps they would just rough him up a bit, teach him a lesson-of course he had not believed they would actually kill him! Didn't you? said a little voice in the back of his mind. No. Of course not! Certainly not! But he could not get out of his memory that feeling of warm satisfaction at knowing that the one who had once mocked him would never do so again-he had watched, he had even laughed, as the battered hobbit had been kicked and brutalized. It had been his own idea to dump the injured hobbit at his friend Fatty Bolger's doorstep. He could just imagine the dismay on the Bolger's fat face. Now there were the angry mutters of the crowd, and he had backed away, for all that he had his hood pulled up, for the posthobbit was reading his description. He had slowly edged himself away, and left the small settlement behind. There was only one thing he could do: leave the Shire. If he left without being banished, he'd have no Mark on him. Maybe in a few years, after things had died down, he could slip back into the Shire then. And if he could get out of the Shire, he had allies. Why, those Big Men of Lotho's had done as he told them, as long as he had said the orders were from the Chief. He'd find them, and get in with them again. They wouldn't let any of the angry hobbits lay hands on him, and even if they were greedy, they could not turn him in for the reward without being stuck full of arrows by the Tooks. He'd be safe with them. They'd remember him. Sarn Ford. That's where he'd head. That was the way the Men had come in. That's where he would go-that was possibly where he could find them. Then he'd have protection from all these angry hobbits. He'd throw in his lot with those Men-they might be big and stupid and greedy, but they'd not let him be taken. Why, now that Lotho and Sharkey were both gone, he was as good as their Boss anyway! Of course! Why, he was much brighter than any of them! He'd soon be the leader of their group! Feeling far more cheerful than he had for a long time, he went on his way with a bit more confidence, now he had a plan. That night he approached an isolated farm. A well-thrown stone put a stop to the barking of the watch-dog, and moving quietly, he made off with a plump chicken. He hastened into the small nearby wooded area, and dined on roast chicken that night. He ate every last morsel, and sucked off the bones-it was the most he'd had to eat in days. The river crossing had nearly proved too much for him. He had stood for a long time, eyeing the icy water. It was almost Yule. The water would come up to his waist, and like most hobbits, he couldn't swim. But this was the only way out of the Shire. He couldn't risk the Bridge-there were too many looking for him, too many who would be more than happy to collect twenty pence for a chance to pay him out. He'd no illusions on that score. He'd been a bit too sharp, a bit too warm, in business to be liked. For a long time he'd stood at the riverbank, plucking up his courage before he finally stepped into the water. It was a long way across, it seemed, and more than once, he'd feared losing his footing, being swept away. Finally, soaked and shivering, he stood on the other side. It was cold-so cold. He had to find shelter and food somewhere. He stumbled away from the River, and then collapsed in a shivering heap. xxxxxxx When he awakened, it was to the smell