A/N – Ohai! This is a little bit of fun I wrote with one of my favourite ladies, fictionfreak95 (or whatever name she's going by these days!). You can find her under my fave author list. Check out Jo's stuff because she's awesome, and I love her! SUMMARY: Undercover Cop Edward Cullen wants some excitement on his beat. Bella, whom he mistakenly thinks is a hooker, desperately needs to snap out of her funk. How deep is Edward willing to go undercover to get the girl? Betas: Suebee, mac, and pre-read by Perrymaxed Additional Notes: Please note the word "come" also appears as "cum" depending on the POV. EDWARD POV "I've got an ASP in my sights; I'm gonna follow along and make a collar." I actually chuckled quietly to myself as I said it. This whole undercover thing was gonna take some getting used to. Being a cop for quite a few years, I wasn't exactly new to the workload, but I'd just been promoted recently and was a little gung-ho, so to speak. "You know, you could just say hooker, Edward." Alice. My sister. And never a dull moment. She'd recently gotten her masters in criminal justice. She could have taken the test years ago like I had, but she was a perfectionist. Unlike me. "Now what kind of learning opportunity would that allow you? You have to know your acronyms for your test next week." "You're such a hard ass. Do you ever not talk shop?" "Being a police officer is a privilege, Alice. I'm honored to talk shop twenty-four-seven." Not. I mean, not that I didn't love my job. I totally loved my job. It's just... you know, sometimes hard to meet people when you're working double shifts to make ends meet. Another reason the promotion was a good thing. Another reason I was a little overzealous about my collar for the evening. "You're right; I'm sorry." She feigned regret. "But then again, maybe if you got laid a little more often, you'd have more to talk about." Ugh. Not this again. "You know it's gross, right? This unhealthy obsessive interest you have in my sex life?" "Shut up . That's what sisters are for." Really? "People are gonna start thinking you have some sick and twisted crush on me or something." She hacked out a disgusted sound. "Edward." "Then there's gonna be rumors about incest … and just, ew ." "Edward Anthony Cullen." I laughed. She was so easy to fuck with. "Okay, okay. I gotta go for real, though. My shift is up in about an hour, and I wanna bag a bitch before the night's over." "Maybe she takes credit cards." I rolled my eyes. "I'm out." "Ten-four." I watched my perp as I hung up with little sis. Definitely whoring it. She had all the right pieces of clothing for it, and I wondered if there was some store they all shopped at or something. You know, like Party City only, maybe an underground online distributor like Sell This Pussy dot com , or somethin' like that. I appraised the outfit she wore, figuring she had to have pulled in some big bucks in just one night. 'Cause honestly, it showed off all the right assets in my opinion. Low neck line, high skirt hem. Fishnets. And don't even get me started on the heels. Although they did show off the sweet legs she had. She had to work out on a daily basis because calf muscles like that are just not achieved while you're flat on your back with a dick up your pussy. Know what I mean? Make-up wasn't too bad, either, if make-up was your thing. But the hair. Oy. Of course, not that I minded a little up-do shiznit. I could totally and completely imaging pulling on that long-as-fuck pony tail she had goin' on, holding her brown locks tied together. Okay, Cullen. Not what this is about. Maybe Alice was right. Maybe I needed to get laid. Maybe then I wouldn't be sitting here fantasizing about hookers who've probably been banged by at least a dozen men. Over the course of a weekend . I shivered a little. Bringing Alice's name into the fantasy did nothing for the situation. That combined with the hard time I'd just given her about incest and inappropriate amounts of knowledge she had on the amount of action my dick had been getting lately? Not good. Shaking off all thoughts of brother-sister love shacks, I pulled the cruiser into a parking spot. Sometimes it was a whole hell of a lot easier to bust a Peen Prompter on foot, and they didn't see you coming. No pun intended. BELLA POV - Earlier that day... I looked like a costume shop hooker, which was a fair assessment since I bought the outfit from an actual costume shop, but dude... "I'm gonna punch you in the tit, Alice." "Why? You look hot. If I wasn't working tonight I'd totally dress as your pimp." She cupped my breast. "Don't be freaked out." My hands itched to form a fist and throw down, but I suspected she could take me. And I guess she meant well and shit. "I think you need double-sided tape. I can see pink." "Uh . . ." I didn't want to be rude or anything, but her hand was still on my breast. "Hey, now that you're single, do you want to-" "I'm not into chicks," I said as politely as possible, wriggling to get her to move her tiny yet annoyingly probing hand. "Not me, silly. My-" "I'm not ready for this, Alice . . . to go out in public, I mean. Jake and I just broke up last week. This doesn't feel right." I grabbed her by the wrist and yanked her hand off my rack. "And this idea was stupid. Who the fuck has a Vicars and Vixens themed party anyway?" "Rose is Catholic. She's also a bit of a freak, if you know what I mean." She waggled her eyebrows like Groucho Marx. Yeah, I knew what she meant. Rosalie Hale was one of my best friends, which a lot of people didn't understand because a lot of people - people who didn't know me - wrongfully assumed I was shy, whereas Rose was outgoing and opinionated. I wasn't shy at all. In fact the people who knew me best, knew how much I rambled inanely. I was also very opinionated . . . I just didn't see the point of sharing my opinion with a lot of people. You know, on account of them sucking and all. I guess you could say I'd lost faith in a lot of people. Shit, my inner dialogue sounded like a cunt. There's a chance I was depressed. "I'm not going. Tell Rosalie I'm sick or something." "That's not very nice, Bella. And there's no way she'll believe you." Alice's tongue made a clicking noise. Rose claimed Alice went down on her once in college, and her tongue had preternatural skills in the art of cunnilingus. I'd have to take her word for it. All her tongue ever did to me was tsk. "Stop doing that freaky tongue thing. I'm still not going." "Okay, fine," Alice relented. "You can sit at home and masturbate to pictures of Gordon Ramsay while your ex-boyfriend fucks real men." "Oh my fuck, there's so much wrong with what you just said," I whined, looking down at my legs. Huh. Clad in ripped fishnet, my knobby knees almost looked vaguely hot. "I don't masturbate to pictures of Gordo - he needs to be yelling at a chef, calling him a lowly maggot, in order for me to come." "Right . . . because that's perfectly normal." She had the audacity to roll her eyes, her tongue still clicking wildly. "It's my thing; you don't have to understand it." I shrugged. "And do you think Jake's fucking men already? I mean, he only came out of the closet last week." It sucked ass. I really wanted to hate him, but I couldn't. He would have continued with the charade of being straight forever if it made me happy - he really wanted me to be happy. It was time to nut up, though. I mean, he vehemently denied it, of course, but straight guys just didn't do some of the shit Jake did - like shop and listen to The Best of Idina Menzel on Broadway and bleach their bunghole. Straight guys didn't check out other straight guys while their straight girlfriends thought they weren't looking. Straight guys weren't afraid to touch pussy, and Jake always observed mine with suspicion . . . like it would bite or some shit. It quite literally took me and three firemen to drag him out of a flaming closet . . . but I digress. "I'd certainly be tapping random ass. I mean, just imagine the ten years of pent-up sexual frustration he's endured. You can't really blame him for at least trying to get his pole waxed." "Gah, stop!" I hopped off my bed and opened the bedroom door so I could look at myself in the full length mirror on the other side of it. My body was actually kind of okay in this garb. My hair was all kinds of ridiculous though. "Almost perfect!" Alice beamed. "Almost . . . can you fix it?" "No." "Why not? Maybe if you brush it out a bit." Alice shook her head. "The problem isn't your hair, Bella. It's your psyche. No amount of mascara is going to paint away all that pain." Oh my god, what a bitch! No, not really . . . I hated it when she was right, though. And she usually was right. EDWARD POV "Hi there." I decided to play it cool... you know, reel her in then slap the cuffs on her when she asked for the money. Except that... she ignored me. So I increased my speed a little and caught up to her. "Um... helllooooo." She eyed me funny. "Yeah?" "In a hurry?" "Sort of . . . is there something I can help you with?" "Depends. Are you offering to help me with something?" "Um, not really. Hey, there's something in your pants!" High priced hooker, maybe. Wait... "In my..." I looked down. Shit. "Oh my god, is that a gun?" "Depends on your definition of gun. " I winked for her. She was kinda cute. As far as hookers go, that is. "Well . . . can you kill me with that thing? Is it regulation size?" "I'm pretty sure regulation isn't the word I would use for it. As far as killing you... I try not to hurt pretty women with big hair these days unless I absolutely have to... or they ask me to... which isn't really the norm." "It is too big, isn't it? I knew the hair was awful. God, I suck." Oh shit, was she gonna cry? Do hookers cry? I'd collared hookers on the beat before, but they never cried... and this was different... I was supposed to be covert and shit. What the fuck was I doing anyway? "Hey now, I didn't say I didn't like it... It's kinda... Bea Arthur-ish really." Oh my god. Bea Arthur? Seriously? "She was such a handsome woman." "She really was." Why were we talking about Bea Arthur? "Look, I'm really nervous. I don't do this very often . . ." I mumbled, "that makes two of us." "I know I look ridiculous. Like a slutty octogenarian." "I'm sorry - a what?" What the fuck was an octogen...whatever the fuck she just said? She giggled. "Old . . . like the very handsome Bea Arthur. You're kind of cute, by the way." I had to laugh. She was not only a high priced hooker, but smart, witty and... "You're kinda cute too, you know..."