24 th February, 2000 "Alice, I really can't be bothered going out tonight. I have tonne of homework to do. You know how Mr. Werner gets when we don't submit work on time." I looked up from the essay I was currently writing to glare at her. Unlike Alice, I actually had to do work in order to continue achieving straight A's. Alice would just put something together five minutes before class and still managed to write an essay that was A+ material. If she wasn't my friend, I would probably hate her. "Come on! You're starting to act like a nerd. All this 'staying in and studying' can't be good for you, you need a night out. Come on, just a little break." She yelled from the inside of my closet. God I wanted to hit her. I was the nerd? It took her two weeks to finish the entire Gossip Girl book series. Okay, so maybe Gossip Girl is not the best example, but you get the point. And I did just take a break. I answered the door... "It's not technically a 'night out', if we're going back to your house to crash a party that your brother is hosting. And stop throwing my clothes around!" I got up and started picking up random articles of clothing that she threw everywhere. A scarf around the lamp, black lacy underwear that I didn't even know I had and my favourite sweatshirt. I picked it up, folded it neatly and put it on my bed. "Stop whinging. I'm trying to put together an outfit for you with the limited amount of clothes that you have. You should be thanking me. And please come. There's going to be a whole lot of cute guys there Bells." I knew that by 'cute guys' she meant her older, cuter brother, Edward, who I've had a crush on since the 7th grade, when he was going out with some girl named Heidi. Was he single now? "I already have a boyfriend Alice!" I yelled at her. "So?" "So why would I go to a party to hang out with cute boys when I have one of my own at home?" I answered smugly. I relished the fact that she was single and I had a hot senior boyfriend. "Cause they're older!" She rolled her eyes at my inability to understand why we would not want to hang out with boys older than us. "Jake is older than us." I said, crossing my arm across my chest. "Jake doesn't count. You are so boring!" Alice called out as she headed downstairs to the kitchen to get something to drink and/ or eat. That girl was constantly stuffing her face every time she came over. I started to think that her parents neglect to feed her whenever she's at home. So she comes to my house to scab food. "And that's why you love me!" I called out after her. So I might be a little boring, but there was no way that I would go to a party where a group of older boys would be drinking and doing god knows what else. I was perfectly content staying in with Jake and watching a movie. Now that was my idea of fun. I turned and looked out the window, silently praying that Jake would be here soon to save me from Alice. I loved the girl, but sometimes she could be a tad annoying. After looking out the window for about five minutes, I realised that nothing had changed and Jake was still on his way, I began putting the rest of my clothes back in their rightful place. When I was sure that my little room was up to my obsessive standards of cleanliness, I walked downstairs to join Alice in the kitchen. I was about to ask her if she wanted to order a pizza or something, when I found her standing over the sink, attempting to open a something that looked like a bottle of...NO! "ALICE!" She quickly turned around in surprise almost dropping the bottle. "What?" She asked all innocently. "Why are you trying to open one of my dad's beers?" "Because I wanted to use the glass from the bottle to make a wind chime. Seriously Bella. I opened it because I am thirsty. Why else?" "Yeah, but its alcohol! And we're only sixteen!" I whispered angrily, afraid that there was someone lurking in the shadows listening to our conversation. "So? Live a little Bells." She turned back to the sink, trying to open it using a dish rag. "My dad's a policeman. If he saw you right now..." I was cut off when my phone started ringing. I picked it up, hoping that it was not my father, but calmed down once I saw that it was only Jake. "Hey. Are you okay? You almost here?" I almost started to panic. A thousand bad scenarios started running through my head to try to explain why he wasn't here yet. The worst being that he might have been involved in a serious car accident or something. "Uh, yeah, about our movie night, some guy is having a party tonight and I kinda wanted to go to it...you know how I'm a senior and stuff..." "Oh." Was he seriously blowing me off to go to Alice's brother's party? "Yeah. Sorry babe." "That's okay. I guess I'll just have a movie night with Alice." I said. "Okay. Well, have a good night. I love you, you know that right?" "Yeah. Love you too." After he hung up, I put the phone back on the table and looked at Alice, who was still standing by the sink with her hands on her hips. "What?" I asked her. The way she was looking at me made it clear as to what her next words would be. "He's going to Edward's party, isn't he?" I just nodded. "Well, unlike your boyfriend, you can count on me. I promise I will never flake out on any plans that we make." I rolled my eyes. She obviously forgot about Mark, her boyfriend from first grade. They went out for a week and were never more than two meters away from each other and were virtually inseparable. Because she was too busy with her boyfriend, I spent two weeks alone in the library until Alice came in and told me that she and Mark broke up because he had a bad case of cooties. "I'll remember you said that when you get another boyfriend." I pointed a finger at her. "Talking about Mark?" "Yup. Who else. It's not like you've had any other boyfriends." I teased. She laughed and punched me playfully in the arm. "Come on. You make the popcorn and I'll put the movie in." She walked into the living room to put in 'How to Lose a Guy in 10 Days' or some crappy movie like that. I really didn't like chick flicks, but I could never win an argument against Alice. I put the popcorn in the microwave and waited patiently for it to be done. When the microwave beeped with the promise of freshly mad popcorn, I pulled it out and reached for a bowl. I didn't notice Alice standing right beside me until she started talking. "Hey you know what?" I turned around, dropping the bowl of popcorn on the floor. "Alice, don't ever sneak up on me!" "Yeah, yeah sorry." She said dismissively. I crouched down and started picking up the pieces of popcorn while Alice continued speaking. "You know what? I'm sick of watching movies at your house on Saturday nights. Let's go out and do something!" "Something like what Alice?" Her eyes lit up. And when that happened, she usually had a plan. "Let's go to my brother's party!" I should have known that she would bring it up again. "What? Alice, are you crazy?" I asked. "No. Seriously, let's go!" "But what happens if we get caught?" I was always envisioning the worst possible outcomes when I was about to do something I shouldn't. I was always a glass half empty kinda girl. "Caught? It is my house too Bella. But if we do get caught, I'll just lie and tell whoever caught us that I forgot something at home." "Because people are really going to believe that when we're all dressed up and talking to boys." Trust Alice to come up with a plan that was NOT GOING TO WORK! "They will. My mom and dad are both out of town and it's not like Edward or any of his friends are going to notice us." "Yeah but..." It was only then that I realised that I didn't have any other excuses as to why I shouldn't go. "Come on. You can check on your boyfriend. Make sure no senior girls hit on him." "He wouldn't do that. He loves me." She knew that if she mentioned Jake and other girls in the same sentence, I would get defensive. "Fine then! You can hang out with him while I have enough fun for the both of us." "Alice..." "Bella please!" She looked so adorable right now, I couldn't bear to say no. "Fine!" Like I said before, no one could win a fight against Alice. And when she wants something, she usually gets it. "YAY!" She began jumping up and down, clapping her hands. "It's going to be so much fun! We're going to meet sooo many good looking older guys! Or I will, cause you're going to be hanging out with Jake and be all boring and..." "Alice! Stop. Breathe. That sounds like a great plan, but I have a small problem." "What?"She stopped jumping up and down momentarily and glared at me. "I have nothing to wear." "Yeah I kinda noticed. But it's a good thing I bought some of my own things over." She ran back upstairs to my room, where she also stashed all her shopping bags as soon as she arrived, and pulled out the outfit that she was planning on wearing tonight. It was a strapless light purple dress paired with strappy gold heels. When she pulled out something similar for me to wear, I said no. It looked like lingerie. "Come on Bells. You're going to look hot!" "No I won't! I'll look cheap. Alice, these things look good on you but not so good on me." "Stop doing that, you're gorgeous. After I'm done with you, you will look so hot, you'll be the only girl that all the guys look at tonight. And if it doesn't work out with Jake, you have the satisfaction of knowing that other guys want you." After spending the next five minutes convincing me to just try it on, I looked in the mirror and was surprised that it didn't look as bad as I thought it was going to be. My boobs looked bigger, which I was assured by Alice was a good thing, and I had a necklace with a pendant stopping right above my cleavage, drawing attention to it. I had subtle makeup on and my hair hung in loose curls, framing my face. Alice truly was the best. "See. You look gorgeous." "Thanks Alice." I turned and hugged her. I now know that she is ALWAYS right. When we were both done, we got into her car and drove off to the party. Tonight was going to be good. I could feel it. x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x I must admit, for someone who was whinging about having to go to Edward's party, I was actually enjoying myself. True, I didn't drink anything but it was still fun to be able to say that I went to a party that was being hosted by a senior. And not just any senior. THE senior. Edward Cullen. When we first walked into the house, we noticed that it was decorated to resemble a club.