Chia16 "Concentrate." Elena took a deep breath and waited for the blow. He struck quickly; the thin silver blade was a mere blur, but her alacrity matched his. The swords sent sparks flying as they clashed together. "Nice block," Kort praised. "I learn from the best," Elena replied slyly to her older brother. "Yeah, yeah. Be glad I'm teaching you at all. You know how mother feels about it," he said, making a face. "Personally, I feel safer knowing you can defend yourself, just in case a time comes when I won't be around," his keen gray eyes gazed uneasily southward. Elena sensed his apprehension and quickly changed the subject to a more enjoyable one. "We are going to pay a visit to King Thranduil of Mirkwood soon. I've been longing to walk in those forests again." "Legolas and Thrandelis shall certainly make the party merry," smiled Kort, coming out of his dark reverie. "Of course." "You do know why we are going, right?" Elena peered at him with a sense of foreboding as she slid the sword back in its sheath. "For a nice, innocent vacation?" "Father wishes you to marry Thrandelis." She laughed at the absurdity of his words, but grew grave when she realized it was no joke. She gave a frustrated sigh. "Not another suitor! And especially not Thrandelis! He is my friend. Father can't possibly believe I love him!" "Father's concept of marriage differs greatly from yours," Kort shrugged. "To him it is a political maneuver—an alliance with our Mirkwood kin." Irritation lined Elena's ageless face. "I'll not marry without love." "I'm glad to hear it," Kort replied, sheathing his sword as well. "But father is set on Thrandelis. It will be tough to wheedle your way out of this one." "Ah dear brother, you doubt my powers. I've done it before—I can do it again." *** Aislinn flew frantically around the room packing clothes for the journey. Her nervous state did not at all fluster her sister. Elena reclined peacefully on the bed. "Haven't you packed a single thing yet?" Aislinn asked, pausing momentarily. "No," murmured Elena as she rolled over onto her stomach. Her long jet-black hair fell across her face, blocking it from view. "I won't pack for you this time," her sister threatened uselessly. "It doesn't matter. I don't want to go," grumbled Elena. "You won't believe who father wants me to marry this time." "Legolas?" guessed Aislinn as she pinned her hair. "No, Thrandelis." The pin clattered to the floor. "Thrandelis?" Her sister nodded soberly. "Do you love him?" Elena laughed bitterly. "Who marries for love these days?" Aislinn gave her a serious look. "Don't worry," said Elena confidently, getting up from the bed. " I , the hopeless romantic, will marry for love. How could I settle for anything less? I'll get myself out of this engagement, just like I did with the others." Aislinn breathed easy again. *** Legolas, out on one of his daily walks, ambled serenely through the forests of Mirkwood. He watched as the trees swayed in the light breeze. The setting sun peeked gently through the canopy of oaks and danced across the forest floor and Legolas' face as the branches moved in the wind. He took a deep breath of fresh, crisp air. Suddenly, he felt hands close over his eyes. "Guess who?" a familiar voice sang. He whirled around and after a moment of surprise, his fair face broke into a genuine smile. "You are far too sneaky for your own good," he chastised her. Elena laughed at his greeting and embraced him. "When did you arrive?" Legolas asked as they walked back to the castle. "Not even an hour ago, but just in time for dinner." "As is always your custom." "The elves of Cais Emyrith get hungry when they travel. What can I say?" "How about, 'into the Hall before we are late for the desired dinner,'" a new voice answered her. Both she and Legolas turned. Thrandelis, followed by Kort and Aislinn, stood before them. "Shall we?" he asked, holding out his arm to Elena with a charming smile that seemed slightly forced. She took it reluctantly. Kort and Legolas exchanged smirks and shot her sly looks that she wisely chose to ignore. The feast was delicious. The finest wines, the freshest fruits and vegetables, and the sweetest cakes were served in honor of the guests. Elena's enjoyment of the banquet was far less than that of her brother. Thrandelis' constant attentions to herself annoyed her to the point of exasperation. She was glad when the night ended, and she could return to her chamber. Her nightgown had just been put on when a small knock on the door echoed through the room. 'It is Kort, come to have a good laugh at me,' she thought to herself irritably. "Go away, Kort. I am not in good humor right now." "It's Aislinn. Please let me in. I need to speak with you at once." Wondering what could possibly perturb her sister at this time of night, she opened the door. Aislinn was pale and walked solemnly into the room. She immediately got to the point. "What is between you and Thrandelis?" Elena had not expected that. "A formal engagement?" pressed Aislinn. "Has he proposed?" "What! Are you mad? Of course not! We have not even been here a day." "Then why did he spend all his time with you?" "I don't know!" cried Elena. "I certainly didn't ask for it." "Then…then—you don't love him?" "Bless your heart, no! I've told you so before." "Oh," Aislinn mumbled. "Why?" Elena asked suspiciously. "No—no reason," her sister replied a little to quickly. Elena's eyes widened with astonishment. "You love him don't you?" Aislinn colored embarrassedly and remained silent. Elena guessed the reason for her sister's silence. "Does he return your affection?" "I thought so!" Aislinn burst passionately. "Until tonight." Elena stayed quiet, and the distressed princess continued, "We have been writing to each other, very faithfully, for more than a year. I waited patiently for father to suggest another visit. I longed to hear his voice and see his face. You know not my anticipation. I was greatly surprised when all his coveted attentions fell upon you. Not once did he even acknowledge my presence except for a polite nod when we arrived." She heaved a sigh and fell sobbing onto her older sister's shoulder. "Poor dear! How confused you must have been," Elena sympathized, stroking Aislinn's silky black hair. "But I think I've figured it out." "You have?" she inquired, her almond-shaped brown eyes looking hopeful. "Yes, but I'll say more only when I have confirmed my suspicions. Until then, rest easy Aislinn," she said, kissing her sister goodnight and ushering her out the door. Somehow, Aislinn felt comforted. *** Dawn broke over Mirkwood. The first rays of sunlight fell upon a fair head of golden hair, illuminating the handsome and timeless face of Prince Thrandelis. He walked through the dewy ground of the forest and inhaled the brisk air. These surroundings slightly eased his troubled heart. He tried to clear his conflicted mind, and was succeeding when— "You're up early, my lord." Thoughts flooded back into his head as he stared at the cause of all his woe. But his chivalrous manners commanded him to hide his dilemma and be courteous to the lady. He greeted Elena with utmost civility. "Something ails you, Thrandelis. Pray, tell me what makes you look so grave. Perhaps I can help." "No offense, but I doubt you could, dear Elena. They are matters of the heart." "Do you think I have no heart?" she teased. "Now, how many dejected suitors have been turned away from Cais Emyrith?" he retorted playfully. "Only seven." He smiled absent-mindedly. Elena studied his face. She needed to be sure. "Women are good at easing 'matters of the heart.' Try me." "If you can get me out of my predicament, I'd give you my horse," he laughed, doubting her ability. "Well, first let me guess the problem. Our fathers have conspired against us and arranged our marriage. Correct?" He looked at her in amazement, "How did you—?" "My father may not trust me with this sort of information, but I have other sources with which I find out my business." "Kort told you?" asked Thrandelis, already knowing the answer. "Of course." Thrandelis smiled at the friendship between brother and sister. "But I am not finished with my prediction. You are in love with someone else." Elena watched his reaction closely. His smooth skin colored a pale blush, and his strikingly blue eyes softened at the remembrance of his beloved. He noticed Elena watching him and quickly regained his poise, but too late—her sharp eyes had caught the change of countenance. He looked slightly ruffled by her suggestion, but she hadn't even begun to startle him yet. "And the lady you pine for is…Aislinn?" He spun his head around so fast that his blonde hair whipped across his face. He was utterly amazed. "How—how—?" he sputtered. "Wild guess," she replied nonchalantly. "But still, I am not finished." He didn't know what else she could say to make him more bewildered. "You have been battling within yourself—whether to follow your heart or do your duty. Defy your father's wishes and marry the woman you love, or obey him—and be unhappy for the rest of your life." "You're reading my mind exactly," breathed Thrandelis in hardly a whisper. "No," she answered solemnly, "but I have had those same feelings before. You're looking at a girl who turned down seven suitors, remember?" "What should I do?" he asked, eager for her answer. "It's pretty obvious what I would do, but this decision is yours alone. I will tell you this though," she said. "She loves you with all her heart." His face lit up with delight at this statement. "Did she tell you so?" Elena smiled kindly at him, "Yes, she did." His mind was eased, but the overprotective sister's mind was not. "You must swear to me, Thrandelis, that you truly love her—as much as she loves you." "More!" he cried passionately. The look on his face would have convinced a tougher judge than Elena. "Good," she sighed in relief. "But what about our engagement?" he asked worriedly. "No offense, my lord, but I wish to marry a man who loves me and not my sister," she joked." "Besides, you're not my type. Too tall." He laughed, but asked seriously, "What shall we do?" "I'll take care of it," she replied with a confident smile. He couldn't help but trust her. "Here comes Aislinn," Elena announced, picking up her skirts. "Tell her how you truly feel." "Thank you, Elena. I owe you," he said gratefully, giving her a tremendous hug. She gave him an encouraging pat on the back and hurried away. *** Days passed and nothing happened. Aislinn seemed confident that her sister would take care of everything, but Thrandelis felt anxious. The engagement was to be finalized that very day. "All that is left to do is tell the bride!" Elena's father, King Elondruil cried excitedly. Kort laughed silently at his father's optimism. The king thoroughly believed a wedding would take place. Kort wasn't so sure. All week, he observed Elena's peculiar behavior. She hardly spoke and looked startled if anyone addressed her—as if she had been deep in thought before the interruption. There was also the furtive whispering between her and Legolas that caused Kort's suspicion. Whenever Elena and Legolas collaborated, unusual events generally followed. "Kort." The prince stirred, putting his thoughts aside. "Yes, father?" "Go and call Elena in here." "Yes sir," he replied, obediently leaving the Hall. He walked right to her chamber. Low voices sounded through the door. He knocked. The murmurs stopped immediately. Soon the door opened a crack. He stared into Elena's piercing, violet eyes. "Yes?" she inquired curtly. "Father wants you in the Hall."