TRIGGER WARNINGS: self harm, domestic violence and anxiety attacks. Rated M for language and the things listed above Summary: Katniss Everdeen and Gale Hawthorne have been dating for five years. When their relationship hits rock bottom and leaves Katniss in pieces, Gale's roommate, Peeta Mellark saves the day. Disclaimer: The Hunger Games isn't mine. If it was, I would be my favorite person ever. You Deserve this "Morning, Peeta." He looks up from the article he's reading and watches me walk into the room, smiling when he sees me. "Morning, sunshine." I scowl, as he knows of my distaste for mornings. "Where's Gale?" He asks. "He went out last night, is he not back?" I thought he would have passed out on the couch or something. "No, I thought he was with you…" Peeta says, questioningly. I sigh. "This isn't the first time this has happened, so don't worry. He probably crashed at a friends house or something." Or something. Gale Hawthorne, my boyfriend of almost five years, is my best friend. We started dating my junior year of high school and I recently moved in with him in the condo he was renting with four other guys, Peeta, Finnick, Cato and Thresh. Gale and I are in love, even though he's gone most of the time. He tells me he's working or hanging out with friends or studying. Or something Peeta gives me a half-hearted smile, knowing that it hurts me that Gale's never home. I've known these boys for the past three years, and Peeta's the one I've grown closest to. He's so nice and genuine, always looking for a way to make others happy. I've been spending a lot of time with him since Gale's been MIA so much, and I can't really complain. Peeta's an amazing friend. We continue to talk while we eat and the other guys wake up and come down stairs, Finnick's girlfriend, Annie included. I'm the only girl who officially lives in the place, but Annie's here almost as much as me. Not that I'm complaining- living with all guys can be pretty exhausting. The door opens and a disheveled Gale enters, obviously hung over. The room quiets when he comes in, but he doesn't seem to notice. He walks over and gives me a slobbery kiss. "Hey." Really? He's been gone all night and only can give me a hey ? "Where were you?" I ask, trying not to sound too accusatory. "I went to a bar with some work friends and crashed at a co-worker's house." He explains quickly. Gale's never been a good liar. I nod, not wanting to start a fight. "Just call next time, okay?" I ask, feeling tiny and vulnerable. "Sure. I'm gonna go shower." I nod and watch him walk off. The boys and Annie all look at me, all wondering if I saw the hickey on his neck. "Katniss-" Annie starts. "Yeah, I know." A tear falls down my cheek and I don't make eye contact with anyone. Peeta comes up to me and stands directly in front of me, forcing me to look at him. "It's okay. It's not the first time." I smile brokenly, but Peeta can see right through me. He wraps his arms around me and lets me cry. Everyone exits except Peeta, Finnick and Annie, all wrapping me up in a tight embrace and giving me the much needed comfort. "Why am I not enough?" I ask, my voice cracking. Peeta responds immediately. "Oh, Katniss, you're everything." The next few weeks go by, and Gale continues to stay out all night and come home with hickies while I continue to pretend not to notice. The plus side to Gale not coming home most nights is that I can cry myself to sleep without him questioning why. It isn't until two weeks later that I take a blade to my wrist, needing something- anything to sooth the pain. I will never be good enough. The marks on my wrists grow, and Gale pretends not to notice. It's not until I'm trying to make myself some cereal in the morning and I can't reach it (God forbid Cato doesn't put it on the top shelf) and Peeta has to help me get it down that he notices the scars as he hands the box to me. He grabs my arm and looks closer. "What the hell is this?" "Nothing. Just some marks from hunting." I force a smile. Peeta looks at me in disbelief. "Did you do this to yourself, Katniss?" I stay silent, not wanting to say the truth. "Is it because of Gale?" I shake my head. "It's because I'm not good enough. I'm not good enough for someone to love me. I'll never be pretty enough or curvy enough or sexy or nice or happy-" I can't cry. I'm out of tears and sadness. I'm numb. Peeta surprises me, and instead of walking away, he holds me. "Why am I not enough for him, Peeta?" "It's actually quite the opposite, Katniss." Peeta says. "He's nowhere near enough for someone like you." You're everything. I find enough tears to cry myself to sleep while Peeta holds me on the couch, and I wake up alone with dried tears on my cheeks. I go towards my room, fully intending to go back to sleep. But, plot twist, Gale's actually home and Peeta's whisper-yelling at him. "You have to stop this whole sneaking around thing. Do you even know what you're doing to her?" Gale is quick to respond. "She never gives me anything, Peeta! She's always so depressed and I can't handle it. I have needs, too!" I wince when I hear something collide with something else, causing a commotion within the room. "You are so fucking selfish, Gale! Have you seen her arms lately?" Gale mumbles an ashamed "yes", and Peeta hits him again. "Did you ever think that it's because of you? She's hurting herself and it's because you make her feel inadequate and worthless!" Peeta's quiet for a moment. "She's the most perfect woman to ever be on this planet and you're mistreating her. She's smart, funny, beautiful and I could sit for hours trying to think of a flaw but I would not be able to. I will never understand why someone like her would settle for a selfish, ugly, horny asshole like you." I hear another commotion, and realize Gale must have hit Peeta. "Don't talk about me like that. You don't know what's going on." "Do you love her?" Peeta interrupts. Gale says nothing and Peeta pushes on. "Do. You. Love. Her." "Yes." Peeta laughs. "Looks like I've just made you a liar, too." Two days later, I get home from the library around two a.m. after a long night of studying for my upcoming physics test. I walk to my room and open the door, turn on the lights and let out a gasp. Gale is being ridden by some random chick in my bed. What. The. Fuck. "Katniss! Hey! Uh, I can explain-" I can feel anger seeping out of me and I grab the closest thing to me and throw it at him. "You- you asshole !" "Katniss- I" "No! I can't believe that-" it's like I want to yell, but I can't because I can't breathe . I'm hyperventilating and trying to yell and it's so hard that I just want to die. "You're fucking her in our bed? You insensitive, lying, cheating, awful asshole!" l'm trying to scream at him through sobs and begin losing feeling in my hands and feet because I still can't breathe. My yelling is coming out as breathless, raspy shouts, taking more of my breaths and causing my throat to ache. Then, Peeta comes into the room followed by the rest of the boys and he quickly catches me before I fall to the ground. I put my head back on his shoulder and cry, not caring who's watching. "You have a girlfriend?" The slut asks. "I thought the girl in those pictures was your sister! You're dating someone else?" She looks at Gale in awe and begins angrily throwing her clothes back on. "Hey, no! Don't leave! I can explain-" "Are you kidding?" I seethe. "You cheat on me and now you're running after her ? Am I really that bad?" Gale pauses and looks at me. "What do you mean?" "Why am I not good enough? I know you've been cheating on me for a while, but I never thought you would do it in our bed! God, Gale! You just- you make me feel so ugly !" I'm still trying to catch my breath (it's still not coming back) and Gale's still just staring at me. "Why did you do it, Gale?" I whisper. "I needed things that you couldn't give me." I blink. "Like what?" It's quiet for a minute. He shrugs and avoids eye contact, so I stand and walk up to him. "Fuck you, Gale Hawthorne." And I slap him just before I collapse in a full-on panic attack. I don't remember much after that, but I wake up in Peeta's bed the next day. I sit up and look around, only to see Peeta wearing a pair of sweatpants and no shirt. He's towel drying his blonde curls, and I clear my throat to get his attention. "Oh, hey. You're awake." He gives me a lopsided grin and sits on the bed next to me while I try to avoid staring at his abs. Peeta's kind of hot... "Did last night really happen?" I ask, remembering what I saw Gale doing. He puts his hand over mine, and warmth erupts everywhere when he touches me. "Yeah." I nod and look down, hoping he doesn't notice the tear coming down from my face. It lands right on his hand. "Oh, Katniss." He scoots closer and runs his hands over my cheeks and into my hair, planting a firm kiss on my forehead, then he pulls me into his arms and hugs me to his chest. I cry softly, feeling too drained to work up a sob. I stay there for a while, letting him hold me. It feels so nice because it feels so real . For the first time in awhile, it feels like the man holding me genuinely wants me in his arms. I missed this. I take my head off his chest and look at him, and I must look awful. I have tears staining my cheeks and my eyes are red and puffy and swollen, my hair's a mess, and my nose is sniffly. He smiles a little bit while I get lost in his eyes and a feeling that I haven't felt in awhile stirs in my stomach. They're so blue and he's so perfect. "What are you looking at?" He whispers nervously. "You." I answer honestly. "You, uh, you have really pretty eyes." I continue. He smiles and moves another hand up to my face. "You have a, uh, really pretty face." I laugh and lean my forehead on his, enjoying the feeling of my face stretching into a smile. "Why are you so nice to me?" Peeta blushes and chuckles nervously. "Well, I thought it was obvious." I look at him, confused. "Katniss, I'm completely infatuated with you." I move back a little and his hands drop from my face. "You're- what?" "I've liked you since the day we met, Katniss. I thought it was obvious and all… Um, I know this is weird because you literally broke up with Gale eight hours ago, but I'm not asking you out or anything. At least not yet, but-" I interrupt his adorable blubbering. "What if I wanted you to?" "Wh-what?" I don't know if this is right, or if I'm ready. But what the hell, the past few months have sucked and Gale and I have been done for awhile. Sure, it