Authors Note: I think you should all know this is my first time writing a fic. It's actually kind of harder than I thought but I'll get better. :) and I don't mind any criticism I enjoy it, even if its harsh. Anyway this is AU but certain people are gonna have powers, don't worry I actually spun it so it kinda makes sense ^^'. An entry in Takara Pheonix's Summer contest Warning: Rape Orgy Yaoi(boyxboy) Underage light bondage (vague reference) I yawned tiredly today was the last day of school and then it would be Summer Break I though despairingly. It would be like last night but for 2 months. Two months! I thought, How am I even going to survive silently screaming into my arms. I buried my head in my arms on the desk which was stupid of me. It took Mrs. Dodds all of two seconds to call me out on it. "Now honey," She said very sweetly ", I know it's the last day of school but thats no reason to start sleeping in my class now." she smiled "Yeah Jackson," Smirked Nancy. She was so annoying she was always being rude and pushing me around because I have ADHD and dyslexia. I wanted to actually say something intelligent back but today is the last day of school, and Nancy is still Mrs. Dodds favorite student. I wouldn't put it past her to give me detention on the last day of school. Not that I would mind its better than going back to the apartment, I shivered. I remember nodding to Mrs. Dodds before plunging into the hell that was yesterday. I remember Gabe had his friends over to play poker again, and I had just gotten back from work and had dutifully given my check over to Gabe. He had a job but I pretty much payed the rent around the house, and for everything else. Because anything that goes wrong is always my fault. I was only gone for two days and they had wrecked the apartment in their drunken state. I sighed looking over at the men lazying around on the sofa. Yeah they were wasted and they had trashed the place, but they were in a sleeping state now so that was good. I started to clean up the floor which was covered with beer cans magazine and was now tracked with mud. I always tried to get the smell they tracked in here out of the carpet and furniture, but it was always a lost cause. I was about to get off my hands and knees and throw away all the bottles and cans when I felt to hand roughly grab my waist form behind. I gasped and stiffened, even know my heart still beat faster. I never did get use to being this or doing it. A sharp slap on my ass made me yelp with surprise. "Come on boy keep clean'in." Gabe yelled muddling through his words. Showing me how drunk they'd really gotten. But I obediently kept cleaning because thats all I've ever been good at, its probably all I'm ever going to be good at I thought accepting the fact because I was ignoring the other ones. I'm good at other things, they're just nothing to be proud of ,I thought as I tried to grab more bottles but Gabe kept my knees planted on the ground. "Was the matter kid! Don't you know how to clean!" He yelled. "you're mak'in an even bigger mess!" I whimpered cowering into the floor covering my head with my hands. "I'm sorry Gabe." I said so quietly it was almost a whisper. Another slap to the ass told me that wasn't good enough."I'm sorry, it wont happen again." I said again trying to be louder. "Damn right you are, But you can't just get away with this!It wouldn't be right, no I'm gonna have to punish you. How d'ya like that huh!" He asked punctuating it with another slap to my ass. I tried to quiet my squeals but it never did much good because soon my squeals turned to moans and I wasn't thinking about being quiet then, I wasn't really thinking at all. I was unconsciously arching my back as he slammed down hard a deep moan from the back of my throat found its way out of my mouth, making such a rousing sound. "You dirty whore." Gabe smirked crawling his way into my shirt and raking his nails down my back. I hissed sharply, recoiling slightly at the touch. "Now now Percy." said Eddie, one of Gabe's friends. He pushed me further against Gabe than I already was. I was know pushing right onto his hardness, I resisted the urge to squirm away closing my eyes and calming myself, taking deep breaths. "that's a good boy." said Eddie tilting my chin up to steal a hungry kiss from my lips. My eye's widened, I wasn't allowed to do this, I'm really going to be punished know I thought despairingly. "Hey!"Gabe shouted "You, know the rulesEdd!"He exclaimed angrily Gabe didn't like sharing. "Yeah I know but, it just us four. Next poker game, dinner'll be on me." Eddie said trying to win Gabe over. Gabe didn't look very impressed my Eddie's offer to my relief. But then Eddie said "Just think of all the sexy moans he'll make. All four of us, on top of him. He won't be able to get enough." And apparently Gabe's mind worked enough for him to figure that one out because I could feel him hardening against at the thought of all these men pilled on top of me. Though he still didn't like other people touching his things so he said "Fine, but only this once." he said begrudgingly. Which had Eddie smirk'in like he'd just won the lottery. I could feel the vibrations on the floor as two more men came on both sides of me, I didn't look to see if they were thinking the same thing Eddie was though. I can be punished for anything, looking up would be considered an act of rebellion, which had been beat out of me a while ago. I tried not to shake or cringe as my clothes were ripped off of me from every angle. Charlie and Jeff who were on both sides of me had started to feel my chest, each tugging at a nipple, where they knew I was very sensitive. They would pull farther, twist farther and pinch to get reactions out of me. My face was red in attempt to keep down my moans, which worked when only Jeff and Charlie were rubbing me down but Eddie was starting his assault. "Come here you little slut." He said pulling me away from the others and hoisting me so that I was facing him on my lap. He brought us over to the couch, and spread my legs putting them on his shoulders:so that he could get the full view. I tried to cover myself with my hands. This was always so embarrassing, I was hard from spankings and a massage, it wasn't normal. But they liked to see me embarrassed. Charlie and Jeff took my wrists and kept them captive above me so I could resist. Eddie pulled my head up again. He started sucking on my lips, and then my tounge: slowly dominating my mouth. I moaned into him. Exploring his mouth like I knew he liked it. I tried to lean down on him almost as though we were in an embrace, and felt a sharp slap against my behind, I moaned. Gabe tilted my head back so I could see him and how angered he was by me."Know who you belong to bitch!" Gabe shouted infuriated by my disloyalty. "Yes, Master." I complied with a whimper, all while looking into Eddie's eye's. He did it on purpose every time, I could tell my the smug smirk dancing on his lips. Because I had just proved him right, I'm just a little slut. So I would act like one, I dove in for another kiss just to stop midway their when his hips bucked up and he teased me. "Aww whats wrong Percy," he pouted "I wanted that kiss." He whispered in my ear as I shuddered. He reached down and spread my cheeks, so I could feel him against me better. I moaned onto him and rubbed myself against him. He tutted I was over eager which meant more torturous teasing. He flitted his fingers over my hole, then brushing it making me jump a little on him every time. Then he started needing which had me moaning on him and he finally plunged a finger in, and then a second so he could see me squirm as he hit all the wrong places, treading the fine line behind pleasure and pain. He liked to see how far he could push me each time. He continued to scissor me as Gabe slowly scratched his way down my back. There was no line as far as he was concerned: my pain was his pleasure. But then Jeff started to kneed and kiss my shoulders, lapping up any blood that had been spilt. As Charlie had one hand on my abb's one on my nipple and giving e a hickey on the other. I was moaning from every little touch now I was going to be covered in hickey's and bruises tomorrow but right now I just felt like I was on fire. I gasped as Eddie removed his fingers and picked me up, again like I weighed nothing. While he did though, all of the guy's pants went down and they were all hard. I gasped at their arousal and looked down again to avoid their gazes, but found my eyes on the biggest cock in the room. Eddie was bigger than I remembered. And that scared me, Gabe was tiny and I was used to that, but this giant thing! I didn't know if I could do it, I trembled. Trying to prepare myself, if I stiffened it would only be worse. I bit my lip as I felt the tip against my hole and screamed horsely as he forced my down on him. Charlie and Jeff were about to get their hand jobs but Gabe was coming up empty. He twirled me around on top of Eddie. I screamed as his cock plunged farther into me. Gabe's eyes sparked with enjoyment. He forced my head down on his cock and tried to shove it all the way down my throat. My eyes watered at the putrid smell invading my nostrils. But I kept bobbing my head as he pushed it and Eddie kept lifting me. I found Jeff and Charlie groping for them in the air seeing as all I was seeing was Gabe's harry stomach. And I fondled and pumped them bring them to ecstasy while I wallowed in the mix. Gabe may have been plunging his nails into my skin and my throat was getting scratchy. But Eddie was hitting my prostate each time, and that wasn't to bad. So I focused on the pleasure instead of the pain and lost myself to it. Meeting his thrust with mine. I was so close to coming so close, and Gabe saw it because he squeezed my balls so tight I swear I could have almost died. I clenched all my stomach muscles, doing my best to stop myself and yet keep the rest of my body loose. If I bit Gabe there's no telling what he'd do, the guys wouldn't mind so much if I slipped or tugged a little harder, it was a bigger turn on. But in my hurry I had scrapped my teeth on Gabe a little and he was punishing me because of it. His cock slammed into me, shredding my throat, tears spilled freely down