Hey guys. This is my first official lotr fic. This is just one chapter that kinda overviews the story. I did this in order for you guy sot get a feel about what the story will be about. If this is good enough and you're interested in a full story about this topic (maybe prequels can be included) then I'll continue. If not, then I'll leave this as it is. If you guys want this to be a fic- this chapter will be torn apart, made longer and more detailed. This is just an idea chapter. This is a cross between lotr and final fantasy. You'll see why. This won't have any of the characters from any of the final fantasy series but will have their guardian forces/summons. YOU DO NOT NEED TO KNOW FF IN ORDER TO READ THIS. For those of you who know ff, the forces might be slightly different- I didn't want to have a mostly naked shiva running around and tried to make things more normal for middle earth... So.. let me know how you like it and if it's worth making a story of it. Like I said- the story will be more detailed and stuff. This is like... a teaser chapter. Happy reading. ... Laughter rang out from the courtyard as the hobbits played games with elflings. Legolas watched them and laughed as they chased each other. He was sitting on a large rock on the side of the courtyard. He could tell that the elflings were just as curious about the hobbits as the hobbits were of them. Sam and Frodo were off to the side watching as Merry and Pippin ran around. Every so often Sam and Frodo ran out of the way as the "children" ran their way. "Come and play, Frodo! You too, Sam!" Merry called. Frodo just shook his head but Merry went up to him and dragged him into the game. Sam tried to stay back but Pippin caught up to him. Legolas laughed as some of the elflings hid while the hobbits had to find them. A few of the elflings ran over to Legolas and grabbed onto his arms. Without hesitation Legolas joined them. The elflings ran around him before tackling him to the ground. "Beaten by elflings again, little brother?" a voice asked. Legolas looked and smiled at the crown prince. "You must admit, Caldin, they're smart for little elfings," Legolas said with a wink. "Oh yes," Caldin said. "Too smart for their own good." He reached down and lifted one of the elves up and twirled her around before putting her back on the ground. She squealed in delight the whole time. "Alright. All of you need to go home. It's suppertime already and you all need to eat supper in order to grow up to be strong elves. Legolas here didn't eat supper when he was an elfling your age so he's not strong and is easily overtaken," Caldin said. The children just laughed, not believing the crown prince. They hugged the hobbits and the two brothers before running off towards their homes. "Suppertime?" Merry and Pippin asked, excited. "I would suggest getting cleaned up first but if you are that hungry food is waiting for you in the Great Hall," Caldin said. "Well, it's impolite to let food wait around, ain't that right Pip?" Merry asked. "Oh definitely. Right Frodo and Sam?" Pippin asked. "I'm starving. We missed second breakfast this morning and luncheon! Food should not wait around. It's the best when fresh. Let's go," Frodo said before the hobbits all ran off. Legolas was still laying on the grass, looking up at the sky with his hands behind his head. "That means you too, brat," Caldin said, offering a hand to his brother. Legolas smiled before taking it and pulling himself up. "I'll race you!" Legolas said before running off towards the palace. "You're such a child!" Caldin yelled, running after him. Legolas just looked back, and shook his head slightly as he stuck out his tongue. Caldin laughed as he caught up to Legolas and grabbed his arms, holding him back. He quickly ran in front of his younger brother. Legolas watched him run away before he ran up behind him and jumped right onto his back. Being a very light weighted elf, Caldin just stumbled for a second but didn't fall over. "Don't say it!" Caldin said to the palace guards as he walked up the palace steps with Legolas still on his back. "You really are an elfling, Las." "Well since everyone calls me an elfling, I decided that I should act the role," Legolas said. "That is because you really are an elfling. Well, you're a young elf. Your sister and I are centuries older than you! And you just reached your maturity a few years ago," Caldin said, adding under his breath, "which I still wonder how they came up with the idea that you are mature." Legolas wacked him over the head. "I'm allowed to be immature," Legolas said. "I'm the baby in the family." Caldin gave an unelvish snort and Legolas whacked him back over the head. They doors to the Great Hall was open and voices were coming from it. Caldin walked right in and stopped to put Legolas down. "What? You can't walk for yourself?" their sister taunted. "Why walk when I don't have to?" Legolas asked. She just rolled her eyes with a smile. The Great Hall was set up as a few tables stationed around the room with chairs all around. In the middle of the room was a long table with different platters of food set up all around. Thranduil was already sitting at a table as he talked to some of the royal advisors as well as Mithrandir. Aragorn was sitting at a large table with Arwen, the twins and Gimli. The hobbits were filling their plates. Some other advisors were filling their plates. Some of the other elves who help run the palace were eating at another table. Legolas and Caldin grabbed a plate and filled it with a variety of different foods. Some of the cooks came into the room and helped themselves. The guards came in during certain intervals to grab supper before going back on watch. Legolas walked over to the table with Aragorn and sat down between his brother and sister. Caldin was the oldest of the three. He was almost 1,000 years old. He had dark blond hair and light blue eyes like their father. He was taller than Legolas and built stronger than Legolas as well. He helped Thranduil with his duties and helped with the army. Annariel was the middle child and was around 800 years old. She had light golden hair like Legolas and had light blue eyes like Caldin. She worked with the healers at times but usually worked with the clothes maker since she loved designing and creating her own clothes. She worked with a few other she-elves in one of the shops. "How do you like Mirkwood so far?" Caldin asked. "It's amazing. I didn't expect Mirkwood to look like this," Frodo said. "I thought that Mirkwood would be dark and dreadful," Pippin said after swallowing his food before Merry elbowed him in the side. "Don't say dreadful!" Merry quietly said to him, but the elves could hear him perfectly. "The city looks nothing like what it does from the outside," Aragorn said. "Many people are scared to come here because of how evil the forest is," Caldin said and then mumbled, "not like we'd welcome them into the city anyway," but loud enough for everyone to hear. "Not many people see Mirkwood because we like to keep our privacy. The only outsiders who get to see the city are friends of ours or messengers," Anna said. Legolas smiled as she seemed to watch in amazement how fast the hobbits were eating and how much they were eating. Next to him, Caldin seemed to be doing the same. "Do you get a lot of attacks from the spiders?" Frodo asked. "The walls around the city keep them out and regular scouts in the forest kill them before they can even think about trying to climb the wall," Caldin answered. "What about Orcs?" Sam asked. "Well, they try to attack but they never get too far. If it's a small army we'll let them into the forests. Scouts would watch them but we'd normally let the other animals in the forest deal with them. If it's a large army, we attack and they don't last long," Legolas answered. He looked around the room. Many elves had finished their meals and left the Hall. Thranduil was done with his meal and was talking to the advisors about something. He seemed stressed out. Legolas disliked one of the advisors. He always liked to pick an argument with the King. The advisor wasn't originally from Mirkwood. He was a dark haired Nordor elf. The advisor seemed to always stress out Legolas' father until he got what he wanted. The advisor always seemed to avoid the princes and princess because he knew they didn't like him. Legolas excused himself and walked over to his father. Thranduil looked over the advisor's shoulder and smiled when he saw his youngest walking towards him. Legolas smiled as he walked over to the table. He went behind his father, leaned down and wrapped his arms around him. "Hello Ada," Legolas said, taking his father's attention away from the advisor. The advisor looked annoyed. "Hello, ion nin," Thranduil said reaching up and rubbing his hand along his son's arm. Legolas looked at the advisor with an threatening look in his eyes that clearly said, 'don't you dare bother Ada." The advisor excused himself and left the Hall. Legolas could hear his father sigh in relief. He squeezed his son's arm and gave him a kiss on his forehead. Legolas hugged him back before taking the seat next to him. "Did I ever tell you how much I love you?" Thranduil asked. Legolas tilted his head in thought. "It wouldn't hurt to hear it again," Legolas replied. He laughed as Thranduil took a swipe at his head. "Why do you let him get to you, Ada?" Legolas asked more seriously as he reached to his father's plate and grabbed a strawberry before leaning back in the chair and bringing his legs up. "He's one of my advisors. It doesn't matter if I like him or not. He helps me run the kingdom," Thranduil said. Mithrandir was silent as he listening to the conversation. He looked as if he was relaxing in his seat. "Well, I don't like him. And neither do Cal or Anna," Legolas said. "But he knows that already." "Oh yes. I remember you used to torture him when you were little," Thranduil said, smiling at the memories. "I remember when you were just a baby of a few months and you threw up on his robes or when you were teething you kept biting him." "See? Even as a baby I hated him," Legolas commented, reaching across the table to grab another strawberry. "I have to get back to my duties. Warriors have been retuning and reporting that a massive amount of orcs are gathering," Thranduil said as he stood. He kissed Legolas on his forehead and ruffled his hair a little bit (to the annoyance of Legolas) before leaving the room. Legolas watched him go before turning back and saw Mithrandir looking at him with a smile. "You alone will drive that poor advisor to an early grave!" he said. Legolas just smirked. The wizard excused himself and Legolas stood and headed back to his original table. "Do you get a lot of attacks?" he heard Aragorn asked. "The orcs are always trying to get through Mirkwood's defenses because we're the last standing Elven Kingdom. They want to claim the throne