Author's Note: This drabble was written for the Rare Pair Project on Tumblr held last year, so I thought I could post it here. I love Jercy and I love Ethan so I thought, why not? This work is self-betaed, so all mistakes are completely mine. It was such a sweet and well-thought thing to do, which coming from Jason, didn't seem that much of a surprise. It was a night of hand fluttering over hand, eyes caught in a knowing gaze, and Percy would be damned if he didn't felt loving Jason more than ever right then. To be with him, backs pressed warmly against the cool grass, fingers barely touching as they watch the heavens above, accepting the fact that right then, there was never a moment more desirable than what they were now. Percy turned to steal a gaze at the calm demeanour that was Jason's, eyes the brightest blue in reflection to the stars, the curve of his nose chiselled, his full lips slightly parted. He felt something warm bubbling down the pit of his stomach, his chest swelling at the fact that Jason was his, and he was Jason's, and anything else would be unimaginable. He would trade his soul for this moment to last. Even if that sounded a bit overdramatic. 'Well, someone's hungry,' Jason said with an easy laugh, and it took a moment for Percy to register that the disturbing sound came from his stomach. Traitor. What a way to ruin the moment. Jason reached out to smoothen the crease between his eyebrows when Percy frowned, chuckling slightly as he said, 'Wanna rock some cupcakes up?' 'I'm thinking about burgers. And a glass of Coke.' Jason hummed in acknowledgement. 'I'd like a cupcake right now.' 'And to the café we go.' Percy groaned when his limbs popped and cracked as he stood up, before leaning down and offering Jason a hand. Jason took it with a smile, letting Percy heaved him without being much of a help himself and bursting into laughter when Percy pouted and kicked him playfully on his side. 'Way to be a gentleman, Grace.' 'Well, you always play the damsel-in-distress, Jackson. I thought you could man up a little.' 'Says the guy who begged to be mine in bed last night.' He laughed when Jason's cheeks flushed pink, before yelping helplessly when Jason grabbed his waist and almost effortlessly carried him by his shoulder like a sack. 'Be grateful I still love you, idiot.' xxx 'Percy, they don't have any blue ones,' Jason noted as his eyes raked over the various baked goods on display. 'Impossible. That would be legit criminal.' He couldn't help but pouting like five years old, resorting to smile a little when Jason tenderly kissed it off, his arm half-draped on Percy's shoulders. 'We could always ask for one.' Nodding slightly as he considered the odds, they made their way to the counter together, passing by young man carrying a tray of croissants. The cashier agreed to place an order, so long as they would wait for twenty minutes. Percy was about to protest when Jason proceeded to pay without much of a blink of an eye, to which Jason just waved him off with an absentminded 'My treat.' Percy sighed. As Jason deal with the keeper, he resorted to play with the short strands of golden hair at the back of Jason's neck to pass the time, his lips wrapped around the straw of his Coke and his eyes aimlessly taking in the surrounding of the admittedly cosy café. Maybe it was the timing that seemed always perfect when he messed up, or just his sheer luck after all, that when he turned around in a mindless twirl (because he had nothing to do), he collided with the croissants boy from earlier. The collision resulted in the sound of a clanging tray, a groan, a long string of swears and ugly profanities and Percy's Coke ultimately spilling all over the guy's salmon pink apron. Whilst Percy tried to consider whether he may or not be spilling his drink on purpose due to the dude's ugly mouth, the commotion had every eyes within ten metres staring through their bones. He could hear Jason's soft 'oh, dear' in the background. '…for the love of Nemesis, what an excellent way to ruin my fucking apron, asshole.' Initially confused by the goddess' name, Percy was about to shot back his own version of vulgarities when he heard the word Nemesis , his eyes widening as he began to take in the unnerving appearance of the boy in front of him. This dude must be another demigod. It turned out that the dude's mouth was not validly as ugly as the words spouting out earlier; just a pair of innocent chapped lips curled downwards in a familiar scowl, situated under a delicate nose and, as Percy flitted his gaze higher, an eyepatch and a single hazel eye, which was also widening in recognition, his eyebrows raised so high it almost disappeared under the boy's fringe. It was a face vaguely kept in the back of Percy's memories, a face of loss and regret that he failed to save years ago. Realisation hit Percy so hard he wondered why he was still standing. 'E – Ethan?' He tried slowly, the single name burned strange in the back of his throat. The boy made a keening sound as if he was an animal cornered, ducking his head down as he set off away passed Percy. Despite his mind still in overdrive, Percy's fingers reflexively caught on to the boy's wrist, effectively stopping him from walking. The boy, Ethan, he was sure of it, refused to meet Percy's eyes, eyebrows set in a frown suggesting his appeal to escape. 'Ethan.' Ethan . The barest moment of hesitation, and then, almost inaudibly slow, 'Jackson.' An oof exited from Ethan's lips as Percy pulled him into a tight embrace, Coke stain and all, his lips whispering, 'Ethan, Ethan, Ethan,' all over again, his voice breaking from the way the name slips out forming into meaning, into a shape, into a person very much alive in his arms, skin warm from work despite the cold October evening, chest heaving with suggestive exhaustion, scent a hint of salt and confectionery, very much alive. Ethan. Alive. Ethan is alive. The idea sounded bizarre, but it was all he needed. He hadn't remembered the tears, but he remembered the way his lips moved against the pale skin of Ethan's neck as he whispered what he should've said back when the chasm had formed underneath the same injured body. 'I'm sorry.' xxx 'I don't understand. What are you saying sorry for?' The tone was sullen but if anything, Ethan's face didn't show it. Or maybe it was just Percy, the idea of Ethan in front of him still fragile that he didn't remember how Ethan had really spoken. 'I don't know. Only that it felt like the right thing to say. I'm sorry.' For everything. For nothing. For the loss of your eye. For you being abandoned by your mother. For your mother being abandoned by Olympus. For not saving you when you're about to fall. For burning your shroud when you are very much breathing, alive and healthy in front of me right now. For – 'If anything, Percy, it's me who should be sorry. I… I betrayed you, after all, so…' Maybe it was because of the unvoiced shame and guilt in his frowning face, or the way his voice shook uncomfortably as he almost stood up, did Percy clutched tightly onto Ethan's wrist again with unsaid determination. Jason had politely left them some time alone, lounging at one of the booths, as he went across the street to the bookstore, giving a soft peck on Percy's cheek with a silent, please be careful . If the way Percy and Jason interacted bothered Ethan, he didn't show it. 'Stay.' He can't help but adding a silent, 'Please?' Ethan scoffed softly, but he made no effort to take his wrist back. 'Some of us have jobs, Jackson.' That alone sent a thrill of admiration running through Percy. He can't really contemplate the idea of having jobs just yet. And here was Ethan, miraculously surviving the fall that was hinted to be of his mother's doing, miraculously surviving alone until he graduated from high school, miraculously juggling jobs and classes at the university, miraculously surviving life alive. He didn't know what had gotten through him lately, but the word alive had never felt significant before until this moment. 'Just five minutes.' Casting a wary look to his side, Ethan made an apologetic face at the girl behind the counter, who just smiled and waved him off. They were silent for a minute, Ethan still frowning slightly and Percy still gawking at him like there wasn't a second passed worth letting go without Ethan in his sight. 'Stop staring, you're freaking me out.' Breaking out of his staring reverie, Percy settled for a chuckle and reached out between Ethan's brows, his thumb smoothing out the worrying creases gently, much like how Jason did to him. 'Stop frowning, you'll get wrinkly before you even reach thirty.' 'Ten years are still a long way to go.' It didn't escape Percy of how soft Ethan's skin felt against the pad of his thumb, how smoothly it curved down to his nose much like a delicate piece of porcelain. His eyes, or technically his right eye, was narrowing down to focus on his hand, and Percy can't help but chuckled at the hilarious sight. Not to mention adorable. 'Jason does this to me every time my face pulls a Nakamura expression.' 'Fuck off.' There was no heat in it. And then, 'You two seemed to be very close.' 'Well, that's how boyfriends' supposed to be, right?' 'He reminds me of,' he paused to take in a deep breath, 'Luke.' They both shared a pained smile. And they both knew how much they missed the son of Hermes, though grieving felt like something that wouldn't change anything. Percy chuckled awkwardly. 'He even has a scar, though it's in a different place than Luke's. Guess I had a type, huh?' 'Classy choice, Jackson.' There was something in his voice, how it was hesitant and longing, that Percy started to suspect that Luke and Ethan were more than just leader and subordinate back then. He vaguely recalled how Luke had mentioned Ethan's name just before he died, how it was all regret and protect, of wanting to make sure that no one deserve a fate as ill and torn as them. 'You're staring again.' This time it wasn't Ethan. Percy noticed it as soon as he felt a comforting hand resting on his shoulder and the usual scent of clear breeze and rain that had always accompanied Jason. He smirked. 'Jealous much?' As Jason laughed and punched Percy playfully on the shoulder, he noticed how Ethan was directing his eyes very much purposely to the frayed edge of the menu booklet. One part of him wondered if Ethan really had a similar taste like him, if the lightly flushed cheeks, just barely there, and his once again furrowed eyebrows were of any indication. The chiming sound of a bell rang off. 'Ah, how convenient. Our cupcake's done, Perce,' Jason noted pointedly, already making his way to the counter. 'Finally,' Ethan sighed exaggeratedly and yawned. 'Now that's just plain rude,' Percy countered, his voice a bubble of laughter. 'Well, there you go,' Ethan was still saying, tying his stained apron neatly again as Jason returned with a medium-sized box. 'Now get out of my hair, and don't come back.' 'You wish.' 'Shoo.' This time, Percy finally leave, but not before striding over to Ethan and hugging the air out of him again for the umpteenth time. Jason was looking at him with a fond and knowing gaze,