Author's Note: This is written for this year's Jercy Week on Tumblr. This work is self-betaed, so all mistakes are completely mine. Given that I haven't posted anything for over a year, you can see that my writing is in decline lately, so I apologize in advanced. Jason was trying hard not to sulk. Given that he was twenty-three years old (only since a few hours ago) and a full-fledged demigod, appointed Pontifex Maximus at 16 and defeated a titan at the tender age of 15, that was supposed to be easy. Turned out it wasn't. He wasn't a little kid anymore. He knew that much. Yet his gut was wrenching with unease and his chest felt a little too tight, trying to fend off the frustration that was threatening to spoil his day. All because of the way his boyfriend seemed to be forgetting his birthday. Yep, it was the 1st of July, the day Jason came into this world, courtesy of his father's overactive sex drive and his mother's capability of falling for the same mistake twice. It's not like he wasn't supposed to be born, per se, it's more to the fact that he had a pitiable childhood to begin with that highly implicate the former suggestion. The past was not important. He knew that much. He supposed his thoughts have been in the negative because he had been looking forward to this day so much since the past week, ready to be basked in love and happiness by his loved ones, only to have Percy answering "Friday. Why?" when he, as absentmindedly as possible, asked his boyfriend what day it was that day. Frowning, Jason sipped his coffee half-heartedly as he watched Percy slowly flipping pancakes in the sizzling pan, adorably yawning as he blinked the remainder of his sleep away. On Jason's last birthday, Percy had woken him up with a breakfast in bed and lots of kisses that still sent his stomach fluttering whenever he remembered. The year before that, he was brought in by their friends for a surprise picnic at the strawberry fields, Percy trying (and failing miserably) to sing him a love serenade while a hysterical Piper played the guitar as she tried (and failed miserably) not to cackle with laughter. His boyfriend is silly and lovable and all kinds of amazing. Whenever he was focused onto something that'll make Jason happy, he strived to make it perfect just so he could kiss that smile off Jason's lips. He made Jason felt wanted and appreciated, something he could never imagine before he met with the seven. Maybe that was it. Maybe he was being spoilt too much. Life before the war with Gaea and her giants was a life he hardly wanted to remember, raised by wolves and trained by the legion to be a child soldier. The moment he met his family, his real family with Thalia and Percy and the rest of his amazing friends, life could've never been more rewarding. He spent his 17th birthday with an actual celebration for the first time, paper crown on his head and a cake (spiked with candles! Mortals are weird) and lots of hugs and kisses and lots of confetti and presents. He never had one when he was still a praetor; his life back then was just filled with training and battling and serving the Roman legion. He was never one to be familiar with the way the world work beyond the camps and their little flat he and Percy shared together. Perhaps they stopped celebrating birthdays the moment you grew up into an adult? That couldn't be it, he's an adult for five years now. Or could it be that Percy and their friends had only kept on celebrating his birthday to make up for the ones he missed during his childhood? That seemed to be likely, and they're probably stopping soon since he had a lot of birthday parties already, and Jason's limbs suddenly felt like lead. He didn't want them to stop. He's being ridiculous, he knew, yet he couldn't stop the nausea in the pit of his stomach at the idea of his birthdays ceasing to be celebrated. Jason felt like laughing, albeit bitterly, at himself. Him, Jason Grace, a natural leader, stoic and capable and completely mature , was about to lose his head over something as stupid as birthday parties. "Jason? You've been staring over your mug for the past ten minutes." Percy's concerned voice fortunately managed to stop his ridiculous train of thoughts from heading towards wherever ridiculous place it was going. He started with a little jerk, chuckling slightly as he worked for a smile on his sullen face. "Nothing." Making a thoughtful face, Percy hummed softly as he pushed a plate of blue pancakes into Jason's direction. "Eat up, we have a lot to do today." "We do?" He absolutely hated how relieved he felt then, feeling the warmth seeping back his insides. Perhaps they didn't forget— "Of course! The new temple wouldn't finish by itself without us, and Reyna needed our help dealing with the minor god, remember?" The tone of his voice was amused, somewhat. Probably at how Jason's shoulders significantly dropped after hearing him speak. Percy chided gently, "I'm done eating my breakfast and you barely finished half your coffee, let alone eating yours. Cheer up." He pecked Jason's temple. Somehow, the weight on Jason's shoulders lifted a bit. Percy's kisses do wonders, and they're his absolute favorites. "This day will be over before you know it." Oh. Ouch. He's lying if it didn't hurt a bit, but Jason steeled his resolve. Least of all things, he shouldn't be petty over these kind of matters today of all days. He's not a kid and he's not going to act like one. Jason Grace, son of Jupiter aka Olympus' big boss, is a responsible adult. "Okay." xxx "Wow, you look cheerful." Piper jested good-naturedly as she walked alongside Jason on their break, intending to head over for lunch together. New Rome was gloomy under the darkened sky, mirroring how Jason felt on the inside. He shrugged, eyes scanning over the small copy of blueprint on the clipboard Annabeth gave him while his mind barely registered anything he was reading. Aware at the lack of answer, Piper halted on her tracks and grabbed Jason's arm to stop him as well. "What is it, Pipes?" Jason tried to look at anywhere but Piper's face. He knew that as soon as he saw Piper's expression, he'll be compelled to spill his guts, and he's interested in anything but that. "Spill." She's scary, Jason thought as Piper effortlessly read through him. One would expect that from the daughter of Aphrodite, an undeniable expert in feelings and emotions. But of course, no way in Hades would he actually confide in her over this stupid anxiety. Because it's what it was: stupid. "Um, there's nothing to spill?" Jason chuckled as he tried feigning nonchalance, but even he knew how unconvincing he looked while saying that. Piper's eyes narrowed, her kaleidoscopic irises turning a tad darker. Jason could've sworn he would actually let all of his worries tumble off his mouth and embarrass himself in the process, or Piper would just charmspeak him into it, because she looked like she was about to do so. Oh, no. He would rather jump into a river than having to complain to his friends that they're forgetting his birthday like a 5-year-old. "Uh, do you know what day it is today?" He decided to divert the subject, and the first thing that popped into his mind was that stupid question. This birthday thing was driving him insane. Piper looked slightly taken aback before cautiously answered, "It's Friday. Why?" Jason's heart squeezed painfully at her reply. Not Piper too. "O – Oh." His voice actually cracked for a bit, and he absolutely hated it. Hated himself for actually caring a little too much about this. Hated his anxiety for feeling like he lost something so wonderful, which he actually did, but he's not mulling over that too. Piper looked confused at his reaction. Her worried expression deepened as she reached for him, her eyes searching his face as she contemplated on her next course of action. Jason gave her a smile, intending to brush her off. He needed time alone. He could celebrate his birthday alone. No one would care, right? ( Or no one actually cared. ) Piper suddenly smiled knowingly, as if some revelation had dawned on her. "Well, if you're talking about tomorrow— " "Uh, could you go ahead without me? Um. Bathroom." "Wait, Jason!" He ignored her, regretting this childish act he did on a whim as he strode past her. He heard a distant voice that sounded vaguely like Annabeth's calling Piper's name, and using that as a distraction, he walked faster around the corner of a building, intending to lose her. He wasn't stopped, so he guessed that worked. He's a twenty-three years old adult, and he was behaving like this. Slowing down, Jason came to a stop near a pole and sat down, feeling ashamed for treating his best friend like that. Piper wouldn't let him get away with it, though. He knew that much. xxx "Hey." Percy's gentle voice greeted him, their shared bed creaking lightly as Jason felt Percy's weight dipping the mattress. He kept his eyes closed, praying that sleep would come faster. Vaguely registering his boyfriend's arm wrapping loosely around his waist, there was a pang in his gut as he felt Percy's firm chest pressed close to his back. Percy loved being the little spoon, but as soon as he discovered whenever Jason feels sad or moody, he'll wrap himself around his boyfriend like a protective monkey, and Jason would be damned if he was not aching for Percy's touch all day. It was so sweet a gesture that made him realised how much he loved this exasperating boy, all to the point of heartache. He'd never trade Percy for someone else, and if that made him like a child, he couldn't care less. "You looked a bit off this entire day and everyone was worried," Percy whispered into his hair. " I was worried. And before anything, I hope you don't feel bad at all about that, since it's our job to be worried for you." Yes, they're always looking out for each other. That's the thing Jason loved so much about them. He almost hummed in reply before he stopped himself, remembering that he was supposed to be sleeping. "I thought you needed space, since you looked so lost and bothered. We haven't kissed at all for today," to that, Jason felt his fist tightened around the fabric of the duvet. He missed Percy's lips, "but I could wait a little longer if you need to. "It's a big day tomorrow," Saturday? "so I hope you're resting plenty." Percy's voice had gotten a bit smaller, or was it just Jason falling asleep? "If you want to, you can talk to me about everything later. I miss your cute laugh and your smooches, and I really miss you mostly. The happy you. "Because when you're happy," Percy chuckled, although a little sheepishly, "I can stay rest assured that you're happy to be with me. Hm. I'd like to believe you do." There was some kind of insecurity in his boyfriend's raspy voice as he said that, clearing his throat awkwardly, and Jason was just. Floored . Over the fact that indeed, there was no denying it, that Percy has worries if Jason ever felt unhappy being with him. The hesitance when he paused to speak was evident enough. Jason was stunned, all thoughts of sleeping fading away. A bit flabbergasted, too. But mostly he felt mortified over the mere notion that Percy would even thought Jason could feel unhappy with him. The idea was so absurd that