The first time Ethan made an idiot of himself was the time he went to the Slytherin's team tent for a quick talk with one of his classmates. Holding the Standard Book of Spells Level 5 close to his chest, he was unexpectedly greeted by a sweaty Percy Jackson, who grinned at him with a cheerful, 'Hello, Nakamura!' 'Oh, Jackson. I wonder if Alabaster is in there? I need to...' Sweet mother of Merlin. Percy looked at him quizzically when Ethan stopped dead on his speech. 'You need to…?' The tap on his shoulder freed Ethan from his staring reverie. 'Oh, s – sorry. I need to have a quick word with him.' Just so everyone knows, Ethan Nakamura never stutter. He always make a point when he speaks, and they usually come out in a snarky, biting way. He's the kind of person who always win an argument, and stuttering never come to his mind. Until this time. He was spared from another question with an amused smile from the boy. Feeling a tad curious, Percy looked back to try and see what really caused Ethan into a stuttering awkwardness and thankfully, the boy found nothing possible of the sorts. 'Wait a mo, yeah? He's changing for a bit.' 'Yeah, sure.' Ethan would be doomed if Jackson had known. Because there is only one person in the entire world who manages to leave him that astounding effect. And the gods had truly cursed him when the said person is no other than Luke Castellan. Jokes of the world is on him. Luke Castellan, Slytherin Quidditch captain's extraordinaire, hottest boy in the seventh year, was looking all perfect in his sweaty half-nakedness glory in the middle of the tent. Someone threw the boy a water flask, and a single flex from his bicep as he expertly captured the flask sent Ethan's heart fluttering. Madly. It was just in the alignment of his stars when the blonde caught him staring, his eyebrows raised with his lips half-parted for a drink. It was also just another piece in his fortune cookie that Ethan's mouth was hanging a tad too wide to be normal for a passer-by ogling a fit bloke. It was just his luck that Luke had to notice him. Shutting his lips tight, Ethan averted his gaze and awkwardly turned around the other way with the grace of a penguin on land. Forget the penguin. He's like a fucking mannequin. A total disgrace in the flirting department. Fuck, I am so bloody dead . He was about to move away from any sight when he heard someone coughed behind him. Praying to all deities he knew, he turned around carefully with a deep breath. And found himself face-to-face with Luke. Ethan feigned a little gasp. Luke was looking at him with interest, his lips quirked into a small smile. Ethan felt his face getting hot as the scent of fresh pine leaves and sweat invaded his nostrils. And hot, delicious musk – 'What can I do for a Gryffindor looking so lost in a tent stuffed with Slytherins?' There's a comfortable sultry in Luke's voice, and Ethan wondered how it would feel to have it whisper dirty things in his ear. Something twitched in his trousers. 'U – Uh.' The universe is against him. His voice fucking cracked. Ethan tried again, but the nervous stammer to actually sound sensible and courteous was latching at him like a stupid blood worm. 'J – Just waiting for a friend.' Luke chuckled when Ethan lowered his gaze to avoid the iridescent of mischievous blue of his eyes. Bad move. Damn, those collarbones must've been carved on the tanned skin by one of the Muses herself. Who knew that Luke could look so comfortable and at ease with only his pants on? Hugging those visible hipbones just so, loosely fitting his strong frame. 'Luke. Luke Castellan. And you are?' Ethan slowly returned the handshake, memorising the calloused skin against his. 'Ethan Nakamura.' 'Pleasure.' Well, pleasured he was. 'Ethan?' A familiar voice asked for his name, and Ethan looked past Luke to find Alabaster standing behind, cradling his Firebolt II with one hand and his bag with another. He let out a sigh of relief, and beckoned Alabaster to follow him quickly, a bit too eager (but disappointed, nevertheless) to leave the place. 'Torrington, we need a hand with the Bludger!' Alabaster gave out an annoyed groan and proceeded to dump his stuffs onto Ethan's arms, muttering a silent 'Wait a minute.' He managed to balance the broomstick and his book together, but the bag unceremoniously fell down to the ground. Feeling Luke's eyes still burning through him, he crouched a bit to retrieve the bag, feeling his face hot once again. 'Here, let me help – ow!' They were almost crouching together when Ethan took the bag, stood up abruptly and apparently hit Luke in the nose with the hilt of the Firebolt II. If his face was hot before, it would've melted off his skull by now. 'Oh my gods, I am so sorry!' 'No, it's just a small thing.' Ethan bowed in apology so low a house elf would be ashamed. Still clutching his nose, Luke chuckled deeply, sending shivers down Ethan's spine, and patted his shoulder in a friendly manner. His hand lingered there for a few minutes, before moving up to tilt Ethan's chin. He mentally slapped himself for giving out a tiny squeak. The scrutiny of Luke's gaze was unnerving, but his voice was brimming with curiosity. 'Are your cheeks always this red, hm?' 'Feeling a bit off today,' Ethan said sheepishly, attempting to cover up the fact that his whole body was betraying him. 'Oh. I mean, not that it looks bad, because it does bring out your pretty skin.' Wait, what? All things in his arms dropped. The smirk playing on Luke's lips widened. 'And if you wanna make up for hitting my nose, you're welcomed to send me an owl,' the blonde continued, licking his lips with a wink. A fucking wink. Ethan's arms did the weird flappy thing under his robes, looking so lost for words. And even when mercy, by the name of Alabaster, came in a flash, he still couldn't comprehend what was happening as his friend dragged him out of the tent. 'Bye!' Luke waved from afar, but Ethan was still dumbfounded that he couldn't bother to wave back. Gods. Luke said Ethan has pretty skin. And was that a not-so-subtle hint to go out with him? Who the hell send owls for dates? Blonde Slytherin Quidditch captains, apparently. He tilted my chin and said my skin is pretty. Ethan slipped on nothing and fell. The first time Luke spoke to Ethan after that fateful meeting was when he was huddled in a study group at one of the corner of the vast library, poring over a little book. Or at least Luke considered it as a fateful one. That warm hazel eye was filled with wonder when Luke noticed Ethan shamelessly checked him out that day, and those cheeks were deep red when the younger wizard was then caught staring. And honestly, Luke had thought that he was the one who was pining fruitlessly until he saw how obviously Ethan had been interested in him. How easily he flustered under Luke's gaze, and the tiny sounds he made whenever Luke touched a part of his body; it was absolute fascination. And since then, Luke has been dreaming of all the beautiful sounds Ethan could make if the boy was under his mercy, how red his skin would be if Luke would just savour and devour him. Let's just say Luke did his laundry regularly ever since. He could recognise the fifth-year from afar, noticing the tight strap of his eyepatch making an indent across his undercut. Excitement bubbled up in Luke's chest, and after making sure that his sandy blonde hair is on point, he hurried up towards the group of students crowding the particular table. It was clear that Ethan was paying no mind to his surrounding as he read a copy of Advanced Potion Making , ignoring the discussion ongoing on his right and the presence of Luke on his left. From this viewpoint, Luke could make out the gentle bangs curling on his forehead, the slight pout of those soft-looking lips, and the graceful fingers flipping the pages; an imagery of comfort and serenity. He could stay there forever and count all things of beauty that is Ethan Nakamura. 'Nakamura?' someone piped up. Ethan hummed softly, and Luke could tell that his eye was unmoving from the book. 'There's an odd Slytherin bloke at your left making heart-eyes at you. Can you make him go away?' This time, Ethan did turn around, his face a display of surprise. 'Luke! Oh, h – hello.' 'Hey there.' He huffed a laugh at the sight of a very confused Ethan. Looking around curiously, he added, 'Fancy meeting you here,' feeling satisfied with the colour rising on the other boy's cheeks. Ethan let out a nervous chuckle. 'Me too.' ''M glad. What are you doing?' There was a few crumpled parchments and a half-used bottle of ink scattered on the table in front of Ethan, and Luke gestured at them in said question. The boy hesitated. 'Oh, this. Homework?' 'Liar.' The blonde girl from earlier piped up once more, and Luke noticed how Ethan's expression hardened. 'He's been trying to write a love letter asking for a certain 'Luke' out.' Oh gods. He hadn't expected that the boy would take that seriously, and Luke's cheeks were hurting from grinning too hard. 'Whoa, there!' he held Ethan's arm back from pointing his wand at his snickering friends in fury, petting the boy's chest in a soothing manner. Ethan unconsciously let out a sigh, before realising what he did and ducked his head to hide his embarrassment. 'Luke!' A voice called out. Percy and his friend Piper were casually walking towards the boys, ignoring the librarian throwing dirty looks at them. Without any invitation of sorts, Percy dumped his arse next to Luke and dropped his head on the boy's lap. Piper snorted, shaking her head before taking her own seat. Chuckling lightly, Luke ran his fingers through the messy hair, causing Percy to hum appreciatively. 'So, what's with you now, hm?' he asked, conscious of the presence of Ethan next to him. Percy muttered, 'Annabeth's making me study.' 'I'm sure it's not that bad.' Percy whined, burying his face into Luke's warm abdomen. 'But it's Potions.' 'That evil girl,' Luke laughed softly. There was an indignant sound on his right, and from the corner of his peripheral vision, Luke could see that Ethan had turned his body to the other side, making sure to keep a few inches between them. He could almost feel the tension building in between. 'Luke.' Still on her book, the tone in Piper's voice almost sounded like a warning, and that girl could see through people's emotions like the Daily Prophet, much like a goddess of love herself. He was stepping over the line. Percy was really making himself comfortable down there, not that Luke minded; he was used to Percy's antics, having knowing him since the boy was twelve. He had no respect for other's personal space. But of course, Ethan didn't know. Luke was really trying hard to impress him, but Percy was complicating the situation. Guiltily removing Percy's head off his lap, he smiled apologetically as the boy raised one eyebrow in a questioning look. Luke made a pleading face, tilting his head in the direction of Ethan. Please work with me here. 'Uh, I'm pretty sure I saw Jason just a while ago. How about you keep him company…' Instead of ruining my chance to woo a boy I really like , but of course Luke won't say that aloud. '…because I'm sure he