Annabeth is not one to try and steal someone's boyfriend. If she liked someone who was in a relationship with someone else, she would force herself to stop liking them and that would be it. End of story. Only, except for some reason, she could not get over Percy Jackson. She honestly had no idea who Percy's girlfriend was; she had seen her around, but she didn't know her name nor her character, so she couldn't hate her or dislike her. She couldn't deny they were kind of cute. However, she also couldn't deny that she had pictured herself holding Percy Jackson's hand as they walked all over campus or being able to speak to him aside from just small talk about the assignment she knows he just finished last night. The amount of time she spends daydreaming about Percy is ridiculous; thankfully, it hasn't gotten to the point where she zones out in class and her grades begin to slip. Annabeth knows that Percy has been in a committed relationship for a few months now (or maybe longer, she doesn't really know if she's being honest), so at some point in her life, she has tried talking herself out of liking him. She thought she got over him, but once you dance with Percy Jackson—which happened to be a complete accident—it becomes pretty hard to get over him. Annabeth didn't like to party much. She's the student who stays in her dorm all day after class ends or after grabbing something to eat; typically, she would rather watch a movie or read a novel or study for her general chemistry class. In fact, as far as she knew, most of the students at Olympian Parthenon University didn't party much. However, Annabeth was currently going through her closet, hoping to find a decent looking dress to wear to Will Solace's twentieth birthday party. His boyfriend, Nico di Angelo, was throwing the whole thing, according to her friend, Piper. Granted, the club where the party was at was only a few minutes away from her dorm, so she wasn't necessarily worried about showing up super late. She was only worried about wearing something atrocious because she had a gut feeling that Piper would make her go back and change, and Annabeth didn't feel like making two trips. Finally, Annabeth settled on a dress she wore to a wedding a few months ago. Piper helped her pick the dress, she recalled, and as she stared at it, she came to the agreement that Piper was a bit of a fashion genius. The dress was sleeveless with a sweetheart neckline and ended a few inches above her knees; it had rhinestones around her waistline and was a nice champagne color. She did a twirl in front of her mirror after putting on the dress, her silver heels, and some light makeup. She left her hair in its curly state and after giving herself a once over, she decided she personally felt amazing. By the time she arrived at the club, the music was in full swing. It took her a while to find her friends with all the people there; it also didn't help that there was a smoke machine and crazy lights, which made it harder for her to see. "I haven't seen you clean up this nicely since the last time you wore this dress," Piper commented when Annabeth approached her. Her comment made Annabeth roll her eyes, but she had a small smile playing at her lips. "Hi, to you, too, Pipes." "Let me take you to Will and after you've said hi and wished him a happy birthday, we can talk more about how hot you look tonight." There was no other couple she adored more than Will and Nico. From the moment she wished Will a "Happy birthday!" till she left him to go find Piper, Nico had not taken his eyes off of him and it almost made Annabeth want to gush over how cute they were, but she didn't want Nico to get red and look embarrassed while Will teased him. She gave Will a fifty dollar Starbucks gift card (there have been days where she and Will have stayed up for two days straight and they only made it through because of coffee) and some blue pajamas with yellow ducks on them just because she loved the idea of giving someone pajamas. When she finally left Will, she could not find Piper. She walked around for a few minutes thinking she was probably nearby, but when she felt her feet beginning to ache, she decided to take a seat and search for her in a bit. Annabeth sat down at the nearest table on her own and scrolled through her social media on her phone. She put her phone down after she came to the realization that people are probably thinking she has only one friend (or none at all since she was sitting alone) or just isn't having fun, and she didn't want Will to think she wasn't having fun. The music they were playing wasn't bad. Annabeth had figured they would only play EDM, but surprisingly, they were playing songs from different genres. She found herself humming to several songs and even moving her shoulders as her way of "dancing". She only wished Piper was there with her, so Piper would suggest they go dance and have fun, and Annabeth would find herself giving in like she always did. "I'm so used to seeing you in a white lab coat and wearing goggles and gloves that when I spotted your blond curls, I figured it's probably another girl with similar hair, but boy, am I wrong." Annabeth turned around and saw the last person she expected to see at Will's party. " Percy ? Wow, fancy seeing you here." Annabeth couldn't stop her heart from somersaulting nor could she stop herself from giving Percy Jackson a quick onceover. If she thought he looked great in just a tee shirt and jeans, then he looked even better in a royal blue button down tucked into some black slacks. She could feel herself getting flushed. No man should be allowed to look this good , she thought. Percy slid into the seat across from her and gave her a smile she wouldn't forget. "Yeah, well, Nico's my cousin and I sort of set him up with Will, which automatically gets me invited to whatever event they're hosting or whatever event they're invited to." "Wow, so you're the one who's responsible for Will's happiness? I'm impressed," she teased. Percy rolled his eyes, but his smile was still present. "Anyway, I didn't think parties were your thing, Chase. You seem like the type to spend the night at the library, working on the paper that's not due for the next three weeks." "Are you stalking me?" "It's what I'm majoring in." "I hope your girlfriend knows she's dating a creep then." Percy laughed, and Annabeth decided that watching Percy Jackson laugh was now one of her favorite sights in the world. "Well, luckily, she's not here, so she didn't hear you make that comment about the best boyfriend in the world." Annabeth decided to pretend like she didn't hear that last part. "Why didn't you bring her?" She saw Percy tense up a bit and immediately regretted asking the question. "You don't have to answer that! Sorry, I just got curious and—" "No, no, it's fine! It's just, um," Percy hesitated on his answer, "she's not exactly okay with Will and Nico's relationship. She's not okay with gays, basically." Annabeth resisted the urge to make a rude comment about his girlfriend. "That sucks for her. She's missing out on two great people and a great party." Percy gave her a small smile. "She sure is." Annabeth doesn't remember how she ended up wrapped up in Percy's arms; it might've been when she and Piper decided to go dance to Ke$ha, and she invited Percy to come along. It might've also been the fact that Piper had convinced her to "let loose" earlier and have a drink with her, which slowly turned into two drinks. Then three. Then four… All she remembers is dancing right next to Piper, and when she turned around, Piper was replaced with Percy. At first, it was a bit awkward because she kept thinking about how he had a girlfriend; suddenly, it was as if she got a boost of confidence and she heard herself telling him to show her his "best dance moves". All Annabeth knows is she doesn't mind being wrapped up in Percy Jackson's arms and then being spun out then back in. She knew they probably weren't the best dancers, but she did know she had never had this much fun before. "I have never loved Beyoncé as much as I do now!" Percy shouted over the blaring music as the song changed to another Beyoncé song. Annabeth couldn't agree more. Walking into class the next day was awkward for Annabeth. All she thought about all night long was Percy and his eyes and his arms and his smile and dancing with him. She couldn't help but smile whenever she thought back to the previous night and occasionally let herself wonder what it would be like to be with him. The smile fell off her face, however, when she walked into her general chemistry class and saw that Percy was not in his usual seat (which happened to be right in front of hers). It bummed her out a bit, but she tried to acting like she was totally okay with Percy Jackson not being in her class. Annabeth rapidly took notes as her professor began spouting off information after information; it almost gave her a headache. Almost. This class was her favorite class, however, she didn't have to take this class as it wasn't a required course for her major (architecture), but she needed an elective, so she decided to do something Annabeth-like and take a general chemistry class because why not. As she began setting up her RICE table on her current chemistry problem, she heard someone walk in (a tad bit late, she might add) and scramble to the seat right in front of hers. "Hey, did I miss much?" Leave it to Percy Jackson to make her forget what she was doing with her RICE table. "Not much, just an entire lesson on equilibrium and Le Châtelier's Principle, but hey, it's not like it was important or anything." Percy dropped his head to his hands. "I should've not stayed out all night dancing; I woke up this morning and my legs were killing me. Do you think Professor Brunner will teach me whatever I missed?" Annabeth gave him a sly smile. "As much as he likes you, I don't think he will. Especially since you missed the entire lesson just because you were sore." Annabeth watched as Percy's green eyes darted across the room, looking desperately for help. She understood his pain; she once missed her general chemistry class because she had the flu, and when she returned to class, she felt like dropping out. Missing a day in Mr. Brunner's class was like missing a semester. She was almost positive she was not going to pass his class, but luckily, she was tutored by some of her friends, and she caught on pretty quickly to what was going on. "I know this a lot to ask from you, Annabeth, but do you think you could teach me the lesson whenever you have time? I'll pay you! I'll clean your room, which is saying a lot since even I don't clean my dorm room, so I don't know how that'll work out but—" "I'll teach you," she tried to say nonchalantly, "but only if you promise to take me to the aquarium where you intern at since I heard you get in for free and