My entire life I have always been the most beautiful person in the room but yet that's all that they see. They don't see how much I dislike it or want to be judge on what's the inside and not what's on the outside. But I wasn't hoping for what happened. It was a normal day in my life I just got done with a six mile run with my cross country team and was heading to my dorm and then later meeting up with my friend Zak for the football game. You're probably wondering why I said dorm instead of home. Well you see apparently both of my parents died before/during I was born but they were really rich so they left me with lots of money and the last name North. So instead of staying in an orphanage I go to a boarding school and stay with a nanny in the summer. It's kind of sad though my parents died before they even had the chance to name me, so the people at the hospital left me with the name Amoris, I know it's such a stupid name. Clearly the people in the hospital were obviously fans of the Roman Empire because Amoris means love in Latin. Oh I should probably mention I'm fluent in 15 languages including Latin, Ancient Greek and French. My tutors when I was little made me learn as much stuff as I could, it also helps that I am a very quick learner. Whenever I learn new stuff it feels like I already knew it but it just needed to be unlocked, weird right. When I arrived in my dorm room my roommate Brittany was getting ready for the big game. She was pretty but she was also the school slut. You do not want to know how many times I have walked into the room and seen her doing something nasty, it is not a pretty picture and makes me shudder at the thought. Anyways Bri, as everyone calls her, has long blonde hair that reaches her waist and chocolaty brown eyes that just lure all the boys in. She often times wears a shirts that barely cover her chest and skirts that show her underwear. Besides the fact that she's a tramp, we actually have become pretty good friends. "Hey Am." she said as she looked up from smothering her eyes in makeup. "Ewe you're all sweaty." I laugh and reply "Ya, that's what happens when you run six miles." "I don't get how you run six miles like every day. I would faint after one." "Anyways I'm going to head over to Dave's before the game." she said with a wink as she scurried out the door. "Use protection," I shouted out after her. Once she was gone I grabbed my dark blue t-shirt that had my school's name on it because who doesn't want to show school spirit. I also grabbed a pair of Hollister High Rise Super Skinny Jeans destroyed light wash online exclusive jeans and went to go shower. Once I was in the bathroom I got a glance of my reflection, most people would call me beautiful because I have light blue eyes that were almost white and shimmered like diamonds that at times could look a little cold and my hair is black that conflicted with my porcelain colored skin, but yet I feel as if I looked different than everyone else almost as if there is something more ancient than humans in my blood almost godly. But for now it will remain a mystery I sigh before entering the shower. Once my hair was dry it was time for me to meet my friend Zak by the entrance of the door since your not suppose to have boys in the girls section *cough, cough Bri*. My friend Zak has dark brown hair and a little bit of stubble that has already started to grow in he also has a walking ability so before I came he didn't have really any friends and people made fun of him. But luckily I swooped in right on time to save the day, just kidding he can handle himself he is a tough guy. As soon as I entered the lobby I saw Zak who looked really nervous because he was pacing the room and muttering to himself "why aren't they here yet, they should be here. Fine I'll do it myself" I couldn't contain my curiosity as I asked, "Who should be here." "Oh no one. Oh wait I was talking about you. You should have been here 15 minutes ago," he said hastily. "Sure. That's why you said they." I say sarcastically. I would try to dig deeper for more answers but I know Zak with secrets is like a highly secured bank and it could take days for me to be able to squeeze it out of him. So I add this little bit of information to my unparalleled memory. Well me were walking to the game Luke one of the hottest guys in are school with a smile so bright that it blinded most people. He is the player but he is a decent guy when he's not trying to get in your pants. "Hey Zak, Hey Am weird weather right?" "What are you talking about it's been sunny out all day." I ask quizzically. "Seriously did you not notice the huge storm clouds, wow you most be a daughter of Aphrodite, Am. Really you can be quite dumb at times." Zak tensed and grabbed my hand to start to drag me away at a run. "Where are we going Zak?" "To your death demigod." Zak snarled suddenly once we were far enough away from Luke. His once crooked and misshapen teeth turned to sharp points and his nails turned into claws sharper than knives. I tried to back up from him but being the clumsy person I am, I tripped on a tree root and fell hard on the ground. That's when I noticed one Zak is really a huge black dog that can talk and two I'm stuck in the middle of the woods with him. I did the thing a sensible person did and screamed but it was helpless I could already tell, so I began to look for a weapon. Zak, now a black dog the size of a shire horse lunged and pounced. As he was in the air I rolled under him sticking my hand out at just the right moment to punch it in the stomach. The roll made me squat at the end right next to me was a stick. Great my life depends on a pointy stick. The beast that was once Zak thrashed its claws out in my direction, I jumped right to avoid them it was a narrow miss the beast was left off balance for just a second so i quickly jabbed the stick right into its ruby red eye it began to wail in pain and snarl at me I knew I was screwed because I was facing a hellhound, a servant of Hades but most likely this was one from Tartarus. As the dog began to pounce once again on me I noticed a tree that was about to fall and with the oncoming storm coming up the wind was enough to blow it over. I just had to trick the dog to go anywhere from 10 to 20 feet away from the trunk in about a minute. The dog pounced muscle rippling underneath its midnight fur. I managed to avoid the beast and ran to the spot where the tree was going to fall. 5,4,3,2, the hound is almost in the hit zone only one more second. Bam the once strong Southern Magnolia tree fell straight on the beast over sized head just as the first rain began to fall and the dog that once was Zak turned to sand. Within seconds it began to pour and that's when it hit me I was just attacked by an Ancient Greek monster. Omg,omg. My head became so dazed that I had to seat down and that's how they found me. They just being Luke and a girl that looked a lot like Luke minus a few details. But they both had a pair of bow and arrows that would have frighten me if I had just not fought a Hell Hound. "Oh thank gods you're alive Am. I couldn't have imagined if the hottest girl to walk this planet would of died before she even reached camp," said Luke with a wink. "Are the Greek myths real?" I ask in a calm voice choosing to ignore Luke's comment. I have been thinking about the attack and the fact that the Greek myths are real seemed like the most likely theory. "Yep, so are the Romans." Luke said with a bright smile. "There are more coming. Zak mention how they should of been here by now and how he would deal with him myself." "What exactly happened to Zak? Did he leave to get the others when he heard us coming." The girl said while crouching and getting ready to attack. "No." I said while shaking my head. "I killed him and he was a hell hound." "How did you kill him, you're probably just a worthless Aphrodite girl." The girl sneered jealously. "The tree." I responded not picking up her attitude towards me. "Come on we should go" Luke said picking up on the oncoming fight. "Besides I heard a rumor that today is the day the second part of dads punishment starts." And with that I headed out of the woods and to a mysterious place with a guy who has a bow and arrow and a girl who's armed and might hate my guts already. "Welcome to camp half blood." said Luke with his mega watt smile. "wow." Said Sarah. Oh I should probably share with you who Sarah is. Well we ran into her at the airport, she was being chased by a Dracaena which Luke and the other girl, whose name is Abby, shot it down. Sarah is a very pretty girl with brown curly hair which, emerald green eyes and a voice that sound like velvet. The unfortunate thing about her is her personality, she is spoiled and deceitful Anyways the camp was breathtaking. It looked like a old Greek city with white marble pillars and all. but in Long Island. In one corner there were woods that were so big you couldn't tell where they started it or ended. There was a big blue house with a wrap around porch that seems very homely. The most interesting part of the camp was the kids , they were doing some of the weirdest things like sword fighting, archery and even riding horses with wings. "Are those Pegasus?" I ask in disbelief. "Yes the are, come on let's go introduce you to Chiron." Luke said with a smile. I swear that boy is always smiling. We started to head to the blue farm house which was pretty close to where we entered at. Most of the campers were giving us curious stares well others looked like they were trying to figure out who the new meat was. One of these being a girl who was approaching us. "Hey, Archer Boy who's the new meat?" The tough looking girl said "This is Sarah," he pointed at Sarah " and this is Amoris." "Well welcome to camp half blood." She said with a wicked grin. Luke rolled his eyes and said " You know what Chiron said about terracing the new campers, Brenna. Brenna snorted, "Yeah but I need to carry on the Ares cabin tradition of giving new campers a swirly." "I thought that tradition ended with Percy?" Spoke Abby for the first time in a while. When she said Percy Brenna seemed to pause as if