Writers Notes: This is just a little AU scenario I dreamed up. Yes, it's Dumbledore/Draco. Yes, it has explicit content. Yes, I have a kink for older men... #sorrynotsorry! Explicit sexual content. Teacher/Student relationship. Age gap relationship. Bad language. Mild school yard violence. Some angst. Some humour. It's not too angsty and emotional, because they are not my OTP, just a naughty little diversion... I'm going to upload one chapter per day for the next 9 days. Enjoy! x 1. Difficult Pupils. Albus Dumbledore sighed deeply. He often did that. He observed the students hurrying about the school at lesson change over, from his vantage point above the court yard. They were all so different, each and every one of them. Hundreds and hundreds of individual people with their own complex emotions. It was a huge responsibility, looking after all of them. Being the head teacher, the pastoral figure above all of these young people. You had to be careful not to get too emotionally involved, of course, because that would probably kill you. But you care. Of course you care. And you hope they will come to you if they need support. You flatter yourself that they will trust you, look up to you, turn to you for advice and tell your their secrets. Then you will be able to advise them against doing all the things that you did when you were their age. Because as a responsible adult, a teacher no less, this is what you must do. Sometimes it's easy. Some of them warm to you, they come to you all the time. They want your attention, they talk to you. They are likeable, amiable, relatable. You can empathise with them easily. Nice, decent young people. Like Harry Potter. The poor orphaned boy. His parents died in the war, defeating the dark lord, freeing the wizarding world from evil and oppression. Albus had always liked Harry. He had liked his parents too, they were good people. Albus looked out for Harry in a paternal way, even though Harry had Sirius, his god father, to take care of him. Harry had always liked Dumbledore too. He came to him for advice, talked to him, looked up to him, the way teachers hope their students will. Harry was an absolute pleasure, to teach, to talk to... If only they were all like that. And in truth, many of them were. There were lots of good ones: Hermione Granger, Ron Weasley, Dean Thomas, Hannah Abbot, Neville Longbottom... There were many lovely students. Then there was Draco Malfoy. They say no one is born bad, and you really want to believe that, but then you meet a child like Draco Malfoy. Of course if you've also met his father, it sort of puts it in context, so you try to be sympathetic. You try your best. But by the Gods, he's a little horror. Some of them are bound to hard to reach, you learn to accept that, but Draco Malfoy is downright impossible. However, you believe in the goodness in all people, so you tell yourself the boy just needs help. A nice person is buried within... Deep within. The question is, how do you reach out to those difficult pupils? Albus sighed again as he watched the tall, blond boy elbow two first year Ravenclaw students out of his way as he crossed the court yard. He could easily have walked around them, Albus thought. Draco lashed out at everyone, whether or not they had done anything to wrong him. The boy was permanently poised to attack. Attack. The best form of defence, perhaps? Albus mused. Had Draco's bullying father caused him to always be defensive? No matter how he rationalised it, he couldn't excuse Draco's poor behaviour. He would have to speak to him. Shoving someone out of the way might not be a major crime, in and of itself, but it was the underlying attitude that was the real concern. Draco's next class was History of Magic and Albus knew he could easily cut back along the corridor and apprehend the boy as he arrived. He hurried down the stairs and sure enough, was at the classroom door in time to see Draco approach with his usual conceited swagger. The boy hadn't noticed him and headed directly to the classroom door, shooting a nasty look at the group of Gryffindors who had arrived at the same time. 'Draco Malfoy...' Dumbledore's rich, deep voice rang through the corridor. Many of the students jumped. Draco stopped in his tracks and sighed. He paused for a second before turning round. He then proceeded to approach the headmaster in the same casual manner in which he had strutted down the corridor. 'What is it... professor?' Draco pouted crossly. He left a deliberate gap before the word 'professor' to give the impression he was not going to say it at all. 'I would like to have a quiet word with you, Draco. That is all.' Dumbledore said calmly. Draco sighed huffily. 'What have I done now?' He asked rudely. Students nearby were listening. 'What makes you think that you have 'done' anything?' Dumbledore asked him. 'Errr... Because you are talking to me?' Draco retorted. 'I can count on one hand the times you've ever spoken directly to me, professor. And every single one of them was because you thought I'd done something wrong.' This was neither fair nor accurate, Dumbledore thought, but it was cutting none the less. If he had ever chastised Draco it had certainly been deserved. Draco could hardly argue that he was unfairly persecuted, although Albus rather suspected that he might. Had he really never spoken to Draco other than to admonish him? That would be very poor form indeed. 'If ever I have challenged you for poor behaviour, it has always been because you have displayed it.' Dumbledore said fairly. 'Bullshit!' Snapped Draco. Several students jaws fell open. Even Dumbledore was taken aback. 'You hated me from the moment the sorting hat was put on my head and it shouted 'Slytherin'.' Draco continued. 'So why don't you just tell me what I have done wrong, decide on my punishment and let me get on with my day?' This discourse, unsurprisingly, had attracted quite an audience. Years of teaching had taught Albus that if there was one thing that would make a bad pupil act up, it was having an audience. Calmly, he took hold of Draco's arm and guided him a few paces down the corridor, away from the disappointed onlookers who were being summoned into class. 'Take your hands off me!' Draco hissed, although he didn't flinch or try to pull away, if anything he moved closer. Dumbledore stopped and rested his hand on Draco's shoulder. 'There really is no need to be so defensive, Draco.' He began. 'I don't hate you. I don't hate any of my students. I saw you push past two younger pupils earlier, and I wanted to talk to you about that.' 'So, basically, I am in trouble then?' Draco replied. 'It concerns me greatly that you behave so aggressively all the time, Draco. Your rudeness when you speak to me is simply another example of it. I feel that something may be troubling you, and I would very much like to help you if I can.' Dumbledore said kindly. It was a long shot, but sometimes you can catch a naughty student off guard with this kind of talk. Draco stiffened and straightened up. It had caught him off guard. He was silent for a second. He looked quite shaken. His eyes glistened, as if maybe he was going to cry. That had not been Dumbledore's intention at all. Draco looked down at the floor. With a feather light touch, Dumbledore gently lifted Draco's chin. Draco's eyes were wide and shining. He frowned, confused by this kind gesture. He had been expecting to be told off. 'Are you alright, Draco?' Dumbledore asked softly. His words seemed to jar Draco out of his trance-like state. 'I'm fine.' He snapped, jerking his head away from Dumbledore's hand. 'Are you going to give me detention or not?' 'I'm not.' Dumbledore said kindly. 'Not on this occasion. I will simply inform you that I will be in my office until 9pm this evening. If you felt that you wanted to come and speak to me, perhaps to apologise for your rudeness, or simply to talk to me, you may do so.' Draco scowled. 'Whatever. Can I go to class now?' 'You may.' Dumbledore replied. Draco left without another word and he did not look back. Dumbledore walked slowly away. He had learnt three things from that little encounter. Firstly, Draco thought that he hated him. Secondly, Draco did not know how to respond to kindness. Thirdly, Draco's skin was as soft as velvet. Draco slunk into class and slouched down in his chair. This particular class was usually a good time for a nap, but today Draco's mind was working overtime. That brief encounter had given him plenty to think about. Dumbledore had just been very kind to him. Draco had noticed three unexpected things from their exchange. Firstly, Dumbledore had chosen not to punish him. Secondly, Dumbledore had a surprisingly strong grip. Thirdly, Dumbledore's touch had sent shivers through him. He hadn't anticipated that, not at all. Draco frowned. Was Dumbledore attractive? He was old, certainly, but there was something about him. He was powerful, and he could be gentle. Draco's mind wondered. What would it be like to kiss him...? This was really wrong, Draco told himself, which only made him want to think about it all the more. As far as student/teacher crushes went, this one was about as odd as you could get, Draco thought to himself. However, whatever it was he had felt when Dumbledore touched his face, he wanted more of it. Lots more. Draco smiled a devious smile. This would not be easy, but he liked a challenge. Draco stared at his reflection in the mirror in the Slytherin dormitory bathroom. He tilted his head from one side to the other, pleased with his profile. His skin was immaculate and his hair freshly washed. He sprayed himself liberally with scent. He applied a subtle lip gloss and pouted at the glass, practicing his game face. He had done his research too. From the pocket of his trousers he pulled a folded piece of paper. He straightened it out and looked at the photograph of Gellert Grindlewald. Grindlewald was very handsome Draco thought. But so was he, and they weren't dissimilar. Grindlewald's hair was more of a rich, honey colour than Draco's striking white blond. However, he had the same type of bone structure. Defined cheekbones and a clean jaw line. Large eyes and long lashes. Draco applied the lash lengthening charm he had so often seen his mother perform. The young Grindlewald had worn his hair a little longer than Draco's. It fell right to his shoulders. Draco usually scraped his own hair back with gel, but if he didn't, it fell almost to his chin. This evening, he left it down, combing it so it fell softly around his face, framing his delicate features. He smiled and wondered why he hadn't worn it like this before. Crabbe's voice came suddenly through the door. 'What the fuck are you doing in there, Malfoy?' 'Your mum!' Draco shouted back crossly. 'Get the fuck out!' Crabbe replied, not rising to Draco's comment. 'People are waiting you know!' Draco took a last glance at himself. Yes, he was pretty perfect! He opened the door and pushed past Crabbe who was right outside. Crabbe stared at Draco's new hairstyle and laughed. 'Sorry sweetheart!' He drawled. 'But shouldn't you be in the girls dorm?' 'Shouldn't you be in the great lake with the rest of the pond life?' Draco retorted sharply. 'What have you done with your hair, Malfoy, you look