A/N: So….please read this: some of you are going to want to junk punch Edward in this one-shot! I TOTALLY understand! If you've never had a child with a significant other – there's no way to describe what it can do to your relationship! It is one of the most wonderful, beautiful things and it can put a HUGE strain on your relationship at the same time! Please keep that in mind while reading this! Super huge thanks to breath-of-twilight for hosting ANOTHER countdown and for beta'ing this for me! She's the bees knees and I flove her! Disclaimer: I do not own Twilight or these characters! Double Revival Muted sunlight filtered in through the curtains in Isabella and Edward's bedroom. Quiet humming filled the room as Isabella struggled to fit the clean sheets to the bed, her bulging belly proving more of a hassle these days. For the most part, Isabella was happy and content with her life. She married her high school sweetheart, Edward Cullen, and after four years of marriage, they were preparing to welcome their first child into the world. The news of their impending arrival had both Isabella and Edward's families over the moon with joy. Isabella's mother, Renee, was excited to shower her first grandchild with gifts, while her father, Charlie, was excited with the prospect of a new fishing partner. Edward's father, Carlisle, shared in Charlie's joy of a new fishing partner as well, while his mother, Esme, was planning future birthday parties as well as purchasing every adorable outfit that she'd set eyes on. Isabella shared in their joy too, planning a beautiful nursery of blue and tan shades. She could hardly contain her excitement for little Greyson's arrival. Edward was excited in his own way, but didn't seem to have time to plan anything when it came to their future child. This puzzled Isabella because getting pregnant was a shared decision between them and now she was second guessing herself. Not that she'd ever do anything to take back getting pregnant, but she wondered if maybe her version of events leading up to her being impregnated was skewed. As she was smoothing out the comforter over their bed, Edward's iPad chimed brightly from beside the bed. Glancing over, Isabella noticed that the screen was lit up with an iMessage. She caught the words hottie and Harry's and couldn't contain her curiosity. Seating herself on the edge of the bed, she picked up his iPad and unlocked it. After she clicked on the iMessage icon, her stomach dropped. The text conversation between Edward and his best friend, Ben was very incriminating. Tears streamed down her cheeks as she read the messages. E: Dude, new hottie at Harry's. She's training to replace Marcy as bartender. Fuckhot with an amazing rack! B: You're at Harry's? How long you staying? E: I've got time, Bella doesn't expect me home for another few hours. I told her I had to work late tonight. B: Awesome, I'll be there in ten! The contents of Isabella's stomach heaved as she rushed to the en-suite bathroom and emptied her insides. After a few minutes, she stood and flushed the toilet. She felt as if her heart was swirling down the drain as well. She knew that Edward was a typical guy that checked out other women. She would think him abnormal if he didn't look, but being seven months pregnant and struggling to complete normal household chores along with raging hormones had her in tears and wondering why he couldn't just come home and spend time with her. She approached the offending iPad again as it once again chimed. E: Hurry up, dude! You don't want to miss this! Not for the first time, Bella wondered if they married too young. Edward never had the opportunity to go out and experience the world, but at the time he assured her that he didn't need anyone but her and he didn't need to have any time alone to figure that out. Numbness overtook her body as she placed Edward's iPad back on the bedside table and retreated to the kitchen. She checked on the roast in the slow cooker, wondering when Edward was going to text her informing her that he was going to be late. She glanced at the clock and cringed, curious how he'd been able to leave work at three in the afternoon. They'd been working on a huge project and she was certain that the deadline was at the end of the week. After that realization, her mind spiraled, questioning if he'd been lying about having a project at all. Maybe he was coming home late every night because he couldn't stand being around her. She found herself sitting in the living room in her favorite chair, staring out the window. Tears rolled down her face silently as her mind wiped itself clean. She didn't hear her phone chime from the kitchen either. After another hour of mindless staring, she approached her phone to find a text from Edward. E: Hey, baby, I'm going to be at the office late tonight. Sorry for the short notice, but we're almost done with this project so it should be the last late night. Bella suddenly felt anger boil through her veins. It took all of her restraint not to throw her phone at the wall and watch it smash into a million pieces. What she really wanted to do was to go down to Harry's and call Edward out on his bullshit, but she wasn't sure if she had the strength or energy to fight with him about this. She resigned herself to the fact that if he was going to cheat then it would happen. She mustered up the last bit of trust she had for him and decided to ignore this situation for the time being. She wanted a happy household, not a miserable one, even if she was miserable on the inside. . . . . On Saturday, Bella was up early preparing for the day of her baby shower. The last couple of days since the iPad incident had been tough for Bella to get through. Edward barely noticed that she wasn't her normal self, but he didn't say anything. Edward slumbered peacefully while Bella got dressed and gathered the things she'd need for the day. A week ago, she'd have woken Edward with a kiss to tell him she was leaving, but she decided that she wasn't going to do that today. The drive to her mother-in-law's house was short, and judging by the look on Esme's face she wasn't expecting Bella so early. "Hi, sweetheart." Esme greeted her with a warm hug and ushered her into the house that Edward grew up in. "Not that I don't appreciate the company, but what are you doing here so early?" "Oh, I couldn't sleep," Bella said with a shrug. "I figured you could use some help so I got dressed and headed out." "Where's Edward?" Esme asked, preparing a glass of juice for Bella. "Sleeping," Bella replied quietly. "Alright then, let's have some breakfast and then we can start preparing for the party." Several hours passed with excited chatter about the baby and the gifts Bella would receive today. Around lunchtime Bella's phone chimed with a text message. She scooped her phone up while still giggling at something that Esme had said. E: Where are you? You're going to be late for the shower! Bella rolled her eyes and wondered if Edward was just waking up for the day. B: I'm at your parent's house already. She kept it short and sweet and went to set her phone down, but Edward replied immediately. E: Why didn't you wake me up before you left? Bella shoved her phone back in her purse without replying. She must have had a disgusted look on her face because Carlisle piped up from across the kitchen. "Has he done something to piss you off, angel?" "I don't…I think I'm just hormonal," Bella admitted with a blush rising to her cheeks. "You let me know if he steps out of line. I'll set his ass straight, and I know I won't be the only one," he said warmly, referring to her father and Edward's brother, Emmett, as well. She had a lot of support around her and she knew that if Edward ever did something to really upset her, his family would be the first in line to kick his ass. "Thanks, Carlisle," Bella whispered and headed to the dining room where Esme was setting out trays of snacks. Guests started arriving and Bella felt like she was walking on air. Her friends and family members chattered excitedly throughout the party. Everyone was more than happy to discuss all things baby. Rosalie, Bella's sister-in-law, was quite protective of Bella, and when Edward and Emmett's Aunt Millie approached with her fingers poised for feeling the bump, Rose stepped in and distracted her with food and drink so she couldn't touch her. One thing that had drastically changed for Bella once she'd gotten pregnant was her fear of germs. She didn't want anyone but close family members touching her. It made her cringe when strangers approached her wanting to feel the baby. Time flew by and her guests were leaving with well wishes and promises of lunch or dinner before baby Greyson made his appearance. Renee, her mother, hugged her tightly and promised that she'd be by later next week to help her set everything up that she got that day. Emmett came through the front door, hugging Renee on her way out, and smiled widely. "I'm ready to load up my Rover," he said excitedly. "Where's Edward?" he asked, peeking around the corner into the living room. "I have no idea," Bella admitted with a shrug. "He should be here to load everything up," he scoffed and grabbed his phone from his pocket and dialed his brother. He walked into the dining room and kissed Rosalie on the cheek. "Bro, where the hell are you? The shower is over and you're supposed to be here loading this shit up," Emmett spat into the phone and then ended the call. "I got his voicemail," he said pocketing his phone. "We can load it up, bear," Rosalie soothed him. "There's more than enough room between my car, Bella's car, and your truck." "Okay," he nodded and started hauling boxes out to his truck. Rosalie and Bella started cleaning up dishes and cups while Esme cleared out the kitchen. Carlisle appeared from his office and offered his help to Emmett. Bella checked her phone for the first time since she'd stashed it away at lunchtime. E: I got called into work. Apparently there are a few things on this project that need to be adjusted before the final is sent out on Monday. Sorry I can't be there with you. Bella rolled her eyes and grabbed her personal items before hugging Carlisle and Esme goodbye. Emmett and Rosalie followed Bella to her house, and Emmett started unloading all the boxes into the garage as Bella and Rosalie went into the house. "Where the fuck is Edward?" Rosalie demanded once we were in the kitchen. "I got a text from him this afternoon stating that he had to go into work. I didn't realize he texted me until after Emmett called him." "Really?" Rose scoffed. "He got called into work on a Saturday afternoon?" "Or he's at the bar," Bella whispered and looked down at the counter in shame. "What's that supposed to mean?" Bella went on to explain the incident the other day with Edward's iPad. Rose's eyes grew wide with anger and disbelief. "I don't think he realizes that iMessages that are sent to his phone also go to his iPad," Bella offered with a sad, watery smile. "Do you think he's cheating on you?" "I have no idea," Bella replied, her heart