First Person: -1- Third Person: -3- Chapter One: A Little Girl Tries to Shank Me. You know that feeling you get when you sleep over a friend's house, then when you wake up the next morning you have no idea where the hell you are for a few seconds? That's what I felt like right now, except like a hundred times worse. To make this easier to describe, I'll put it into perspective. So there I was, chilling in Elysium with Zoe Nightshade, my…sister? Best friend? Girlfriend? I don't know, it's complicated, I'll explain later. Anyway, there we were, trekking through the forests of the Underworld when a trapdoor of solid light opened up below me and I was sucked up into nothingness. Then I woke up with an old lady and some weird dude holding me down, obviously I panicked, who wouldn't? After that I passed out for who knows how long. I remember having flashes of consciousness before fading back into darkness. This time however, I didn't feel like I was going to pass out again, so I took a look at my surroundings. I was in a log cabin, that much was obvious. Specifically, I was in a bedroom. I was covered in a dozen white blankets, so I felt like I was in a demigod sized oven. I smiled despite myself. My mother tended to cover me in such whenever I was sick, even though I nearly drowned in my own sweat. There was a table with several bottles of pills and medical equipment covering it. I almost thought I was in the Big House, but that was impossible, I died, I couldn't be at Camp Half-Blood. There was a window just to the left of my bed. Outside were trees as far as the eye could see. I slowly crawled out of bed and moved as silently as I could to the window. I unlatched the lock and carefully slid the window open. I raised my leg to sneak out of this obvious death trap when the door swung open. I stumbled back onto the bed as a man strode into the room. "Ah, you're awake!" My first instinct was monster! but that was impossible too, monsters went to Tartarus when they died, not Elysium. The man walked over to where I lay and patted my knee. "Good to see you up and about, although I would warn against trying that again. Your injury might affect your ability to survive out there." "M-my injury?" I looked down at my stomach. A lump formed in my throat. There was a long, white scar, just above my belly button. The man nodded sadly. "Quite a doozy. You're lucky we found you in time. I'm actually quite shocked you're still alive." My head snapped to his. "What did you just say?" "That you're lucky we-" "No, after that." He gave me an uneasy expression. "That I'm surprised you're still alive." I suddenly felt like my entire body was swept out from under me. I swallowed that large lump and looked at him incredulously. "I…I'm alive?" He nodded. "Miraculously." My head was spinning. I suddenly had a thousand questions. How am I alive? How did I get here? Where is here? Who are these people? Where is… "Where…where's Zoe?" He arched an eyebrow. "I don't know who that is, but we found you by yourself. Is Zoe a friend of yours?" I nodded as my eyes swam with tears. I wiped them away furiously as I stood up. "Where am I?" He looked like he was about to answer when my stomach gave a rather loud growl. He laughed. "Why don't we get you some breakfast first?" I nodded and let myself be led out of the room. A moment later I was in a large living room. There were about nine people sitting around on couches, chairs, and the floor. As soon as I entered they stopped talking and looked at me. An elderly gentleman stood up and placed his plate down. "Well, about time you woke up." He said as he extended a hand to me. "I'm Elliot Jenkins, friends call me Eli." I shook his hand. "I'll stick with Elliot." He threw his head back and laughed. "That's a good one, son." An elderly woman, the same one who held me down the first time I woke up, came over and kissed Elliot on the cheek and handed him a coffee mug. I assume she's his wife. "Now now Eli, play nice." Elliot waved his hand. "He knows I'm just messing around, don't'cha, son?" I nodded mutely. Elliot looked around. "I see you've already met my son James." He pointed with his elbow to the man from the bedroom. Wow, that sounded really weird. "That's his wife Sarah and their kids Emily and Nicole." He pointed to a blonde woman and two children that sat in front of her on the floor. All three waved. He pointed to a bearded man who sat on the armrest of a chair and a woman sitting in said chair. "That's my daughter Pauline and her husband Steven, but we all call him Stevie." Steven muttered, "Much to my chagrin." Everyone laughed. "They have a boy whose napping in the other room named Franklin." Finally, he gestured to a slightly overweight man. "That's my son Theodore, or Theo for short." Boy, this family is really big on nicknames. "And finally," He looked at the elderly woman next to him. "this is Agnes, my beautiful wife." Agnes blushed and waved her hand. "Oh, stop you old charmer." She turned to me. "Are you hungry dear?" I smiled and nodded. She smiled back and disappeared. That left the rest of the family and I to engage in an awkward staring contest. Thankfully Sarah broke it by asking Theodore how his plans to court a woman at the local coffee shop were going. Thankfully that captured everyone's attention. Elliot whispered to me, "Sorry if we're a little intimidating, but it's not every day we find a boy bleeding in the forest." I smiled. "It's fine, you seem like a good group of people." He chuckled. "Well, we do have our problems sometimes, but they don't matter in the long run." He gestured to an empty armchair. "Why don't you sit down." I nodded gratefully and did just that. A moment later Agnes Jenkins appeared, carrying a large plate in one hand and a glass of milk in the other. The plate was full of eggs, bacon, French toast and sausages. I'd like to say I ate slowly, like a gentleman, that I chewed, swallowed, then took a sip of milk. That's what I'd like to say. Alas, that's not how events unfolded. I had already inhaled half the plate before I took a moment to breath. Hey, before you judge, let me remind you that I've been dead for a…huh, how long have I been dead? Better check up on that later. I only stopped my rampant consumption of food when I noticed how everyone was staring at me. I swallowed the piece of French toast in my mouth and wiped my mouth with my wrist. "Sorry." James, the dude I met in the bedroom, wow, out of context this would be super creepy, laughed and took a sip of his coffee. "Don't be, I'd be more surprised if you didn't eat like that. After all, you've been asleep for almost an entire month." I choked on my sip of milk. "A-a month?" I dared to ask, "What month is it?" He looked at the calendar that hung on the wall next to him. "June, almost July." I suddenly lost my appetite. " June ?" That means I'd've been dead for at least eight, maybe nine months. Nine. Months . Holy shit. I took a deep breath to stop myself from hyperventilating. What's happened since I died? Was everyone alright? Where was I? I decided to ask that question first. "Where are we?" Elliot spoke up. "Jasper National Park, Canada." I was immensely grateful I had chosen not to eat anything. If I had I probably would have choked. "Canada?" I gaped. "Like, the country?" "Well we certainly don't mean the town." Steven joked. His wife jabbed him in the ribs with her elbow. She looked at me with concern. "Where do you live?" I licked my lips. "New York. Long Island, specifically." Now they fell silent. "Then…how did you end up here?" Agnes asked. I shook my head. "I have no idea." I stood up. "I need to leave." "What?" Theodore said. "You can't just leave?" I shook my head. "I need to go. I need to get home." James stood up. "Now hold on, you can't just go out with no provisions." "Don't worry," I said. "I can take care of myself. Now, I need to go. Unless you plan to stop me?" Agnes stood up too. "Wait just a minute, you can't really expect us to just let you wander the wild alone." "Trust me. The wild holds no threat over me." I began to make my way to the door. "Wait." Agnes said. I turned my head. "At least let us give you some supplies." "That isn't necessary." I said. She smiled. "Yes, it is. Now sit down and eat, you have a long journey ahead of you." -1- After breakfast, I went to the bathroom and was met with an alarming sight. Staring at me through the mirror was a disgusting thing with long black hair that came down almost to his shoulders and a neckbeard to match. You cannot imagine the horror I felt when I realized that was me. The only thing I recognized about myself were my silver eyes, which stared back at me in alarm. I had lost a lot of weight, and you could see my muscles, which were now exposed due to having lost some of the natural fat I had. I wouldn't exactly say I was bone thin, but I still wasn't as muscular or fatty as I had been. I opened the door a little and called out. "Hey Elliot?" He appeared a moment later. "Yeah?" I guestured to my face. "Do you have any razors or cream so I can…you know?" His face showed he understood. He reached into one of the cabinets and pulled out a razor and some shaving cream. "You can shave that beard of yours with these, but you'll need me to cut your hair if you want a haircut." I shook my head. "I wouldn't want to trouble you." He waved his hand. "No trouble, I used to cut all my kids' hair, 'cept Pauline, cause she said I 'didn't do it right', lotta hogwash if you ask me." I laughed and shrugged. "Ok then." One short haircut and a shower later, I was back in front of the mirror examining myself. I had managed to shave myself perfectly and Elliot gave me a pretty good crew cut, short on the sides and a little off the top. "Looking good handsome." I said to myself. "What was that?" Emily asked as she snuck her head in the door. I yelped and turned to face her. "Nothing!" "You sure, cause you sounded like you were talking to yourself." "Nope! I didn't say anything." "Oh. Ok!" -1- Six hours later I was ready to begin my journey. James had informed me that he had to cut off my shirt when he was treating me, so he elected to give me one of his brother's. It was a black shirt with a white skull on the front. It actually went quite well with my jeans and combat boots. Agnes and Sarah handed me a large black backpack. "There's everything you should need. Money, food and some of our camping supplies." Sarah said. I opened the pack. Inside was a large plastic bag with at least two dozen