Hey everyone, I'm back with the third Broken Vows book. If you enjoy don't forget to favorite and follow and please leave a review telling me your initial thoughts. Just so you all know this takes place about nine months after the last story ended, so it's in around May of the next year. Let's get started. Hunter's POV: -H- Jason's POV: -J- Third Person: -Ω- Chapter One: I Get Attacked by Vampires Before we begin, I just want to let you all know I'm not crazy! I didn't have a nervous breakdown and imagine what I saw! I know for certain that my school was attacked by vampires! Wait, wait I know how it sounds, just hear me out! I suppose I should start at the beginning. My name is Jason, Jason Smith, but my friends (more like friend) call me Jay. I don't really mind, in fact I prefer it to my real name. You might be thinking, 'why do you prefer Jay to Jason?', well dear readers, let me take a moment of your time to explain. My dad told me it was my mother's favorite name, that it was based off some old Greek hero. And since my mother picked it out, I don't use it. If you're wondering why that is, it's very simple: I hate my mother. My dad told me that they met in marriage counseling. My father, Abraham Smith, is a therapist who also specializes as a marriage counselor. He said that she explained how her husband was constantly cheating on her and that she was hoping to work their problems out peacefully. The only problem was her husband refused to come with her. So, she'd used that time to figure out why she wasn't good enough and how she could improve her marriage. My father had been a real Prince Charming back in the day and said that it wasn't her fault. Eventually they stopped becoming doctor and patient and became lovers. About a year into their relationship my mother had left me on my father's doorstep and took off, leaving my father with a baby and a broken heart. I hate her for that. Now don't get me wrong, my dad took me in with open arms and it's been me and him ever since, but he still closes himself off when I bring my mother up, which isn't often, or when he comes across an old photo or date that was significant to them. I wouldn't hate my mother as much as I do if she had just left and never attempted to contact my father or me again, but that isn't the case. Last year, for my sixteenth birthday, she got me two birthday presents. A wristwatch and a number two pencil. I know, I was just as shocked as you. In sixteen years of life, my absentee mother got me two gifts; a pencil and a wristwatch. A pencil and a watch . If you don't understand my frustration then I won't waste any more time explaining. Personal rant aside, I've always been called a 'problem child'. My teachers called me that, my friends call me that, my neighbors call me that, everyone who knows me besides my father calls me that, and I don't disagree with them. I've been kicked out of more schools than I can count, I get into a fight at least once a week, and I haven't had a full year of education since preschool! Quite frankly I'm super surprised my father hasn't shipped me off to some military school on the far side of the country then faked his own death to get away. I'm not kidding. But anyway, you aren't here to hear me bellyache about how much my life sucks, you're here to learn about how I discovered that I'm a half-blood. It all started the day I killed two of my classmates. -J- I was actually pretty excited to go to school, which was weird for me. I suppose a little explanation is in order. You see, as I've already said, I haven't completed an entire year of school yet. In fact, this was the closest I've ever come. The school I was currently attending got out in early June, and we were coming up on the later days of May, so I only had a few weeks to go then I'd be home free. I threw back the covers, got out of bed, got dressed and made my way down to the kitchen. My dad was sitting at the table, drinking his coffee and munching on some toast with peanut butter on it. I reached into the pantry and grabbed a blueberry muffin, "Morning." My dad didn't look up from the newspaper he was reading. "Good morning, Jay. Are you almost ready for school?" I nodded and dug into my muffin. When I was finished I went back upstairs to brush my teeth. After I finished freshening up I grabbed my backpack and headed for the front door. "Jay." I heard my father call. I turned around and saw him standing in the doorway that connected the kitchen and the living room. "Have a good day at school." I nodded. "I will, Dad." He smiled. "Only twenty-three days left." "I know, I'll try not to get into too much trouble." I turned and walked out the door. Oh, how wrong I was. My friend Andrew was waiting for me outside my apartment building. Andrew was a scruffy little guy with curly orange hair that he kept hidden under an old baseball cap. He also had to use crutches since he claimed to be in a car accident when he was younger that resulted in him losing most of the movement in his legs. Today he was in his usual outfit of jeans that were a tad too long, work boots that were muddy and gross, and a bright yellow T-shirt that said Keep Calm and Hug a Tree in bold black letters. Over that he was wearing a dark green hoodie that had splotches of mud and berry juice. Basically, he looked like a hippie that had managed to survive the sixties into today. "Hey," I called as I walked down the front steps. He nodded his chin at me and said, "Sup." "You ready to go?" "Die of boredom? You bet." He muttered sarcastically. I laughed and we walked down the street together, making idle conversation about nothing in particular. The walk wasn't very far as my school was only three blocks away. It was a large brick building with windows stretching across the front and a large flagpole out in front of the entrance. Buses were pulling in and out, dropping kids off by the hundreds. Andrew and I walked inside and made our way to our homeroom. There were only a few people in there at the time so we were able to grab seats that were next to our each other. Ten minutes later the first bell rang an everyone filed into the room and found a seat. The teacher took attendance and we all just hung out until the second bell rang and we went to first period. My day was pretty uneventful. I caused a minor explosion in chemistry, failed a math quiz, couldn't read a single word of the play we're reading in English (stupid ADHD), watched two kids get into a fistfight at lunch, and nearly passed out from boredom during history class. It was a pretty average day for me. The highlight of my day came during gym class. The coach usually let us do whatever we wanted, so while a bunch of the really sporty boys started a game of basketball and some of the less physically inclined girls were playing volleyball, Andrew and I decided to play badminton. While we were casually hitting the birdie back to each other, two girls sauntered up to us. One of them had blue eyes and chocolate brown hair like mine. The other had deep green eyes with light blue hair. They were wearing white T-shirts and red shorts, the default set of gym clothes. "Hi, boys," The blonde hair one asked seductively, "Mind if we join you?" I was going to say it was no problem, but Andrew put his arm around my shoulder and laughed nervously, "Sorry girls, but we're actually done here." "Wait, we a-!" He cut me off by putting his hand on my mouth. "Oh, come on." The blue haired one drawled, "We'll play nice." I noticed Andrew was starting to sweat, "Sorry girls, but we really must be going." The blue haired girl scowled and grabbed his shirt. She threw his back as though her were an article of stray clothing. Andrew slid on his back for several feet. I looked up at the girls in shock. The brown haired one stepped forward. "Can we play with you?" Her skin was really pale, and it seemed to get whiter with every step she took. Her eyes were no longer a deep blue, they were crimson red. Her chocolate curls had swiftly become a fiery haze. Her smile was full of razor sharp teeth like knives. "W-what are you?" I stammered. By now all activity had stopped and everyone was staring at us with expressions of fear. The one who threw Andrew giggled, "Silly little demigod, we are Empousa, the servants of Lady Hecate." "E-Empousa?" I stuttered. My back hit the wall, but the two demons kept coming. Suddenly Andrew threw himself into the air and kicked one of them in the face, knocking his shoe off. Instead of a human foot, he had a…hoof? "Dude," I asked, "what-!" The one he kicked gave out an in outraged cry and she held her forehead, "Ow! You stupid goat!" Before I could question what was going on, Andrew turned to me and shouted, "Jay, your pencil!" "What about it?" "Take it out!" "What?" "Just do it!" I reached into my pocket and pulled out the pencil my mother left me. I have no idea how I've managed to hold onto it for this long, especially considering how I've thrown it in the trash at least a hundred times, but for some odd reason it would reappear in my pocket not five minutes later. It's the same with my watch, unless it was on my wrist it was in my pocket, like it was magic or something. I took held it like I would a knife, like I could maybe stab one of them in the eye or something until I noticed something. The words for Number Two Pencil were shifting, almost like they were coming off the wood. They rearranged themselves until they spelled out a new word. "δόρυ," I whispered, "Spear." Instantly my pencil grew until it was seven feet long, with a metallic tip and a leather grip. My pencil had just grown into a spear. People began to scream and run for the door. "What the?" I asked. Andrew shoved one of the girl's out of his way and sprinted to me. He grabbed my wrist and pressed a button on the side of my watch, which expanded into a massive circular shield. Before I could question if I was losing my mind, one of the Empousa attacked. My brain went on autopilot and I raised the shield in front of my face just before the girl's claws raked across its surface. Without thinking I lifted my spear and stabbed it through her stomach. She gave a cry of pain and dissolved into golden dust. "Antoinette!" The other girl cried. She charged at me but I swung my spear in a wide arch and cut her in half at the waist. She too dissolved into dust. Andrew and I stood there in silence before my spear and shield shrunk back into their old forms. The sounds of sirens reached my ears and I