"NYPD, Open up Mr. Stoll!" Officer Annabeth Chase shouted as she banged on the door with one hand, as her other was held ready on her gun. Her partner, Clarisse La Rue already had her weapon out. Annabeth wished she'd put it away—usually she just scared people. No answer came from inside the apartment, so she knocked too loud for politeness once more. Again, no answer. Clarisse lifted an eyebrow, motioning her hand toward the door. She was always hungry for action, and waiting for the suspect to open the door wasn't her style. With a sigh, Annabeth backed up, knees bent, and brought her leg up in a snap kick and took the door down easily. The two officers entered the doorway, guns aimed and ready. "What the-" a sleepy voice came from the left. "Put your hands up!" Clarisse shouted. The man, dressed in blue boxers, blinked hard in the sudden glare from the flashlights, but remained still. "She said put your hands up, Mr. Stoll!" Annabeth shouted, moving closer to the man, gun ready. "Who's Mr. Stoll?" "Don't play games, we know you robbed the Art Institute, we have DNA evidence. If you cooperate we can tell the DA-" "Wait, you said Stoll?" "Yes! Put your hands up now!" The man, still refusing to put his hands up, reached over and turned the hall light on. For a moment, Annabeth was as blinded as he had been by the flashlights, but just as she was about to shout at the suspect again, she noticed the color of his hair. Black. Not brown. Stoll's hair was brown. As if he knew what she was thinking, the man looked directly at her. "If you're looking for a guy named Stoll, he doesn't live here anymore. I bought this apartment from him a few weeks ago," that was evident enough. Now that there were lights on, Annabeth could see all of the still packed boxes scattered on the floor. "Just my luck that the guy was a convict." Clarisse looked a little down as she stuck her gun in her belt, turning back to the doorway. "Well, that was a waste of time." "We could still question him about Stoll." Annabeth advised, ignoring the man. Apparently, he didn't want to be ignored. "I can't give you much. I never even met the guy, only messaged him online." Clarisse rolled her eyes, and stepped out in the hall. "Then let's go. We'll lose track of Stoll if we stay here any longer." Annabeth silently agreed, but she fumed inside. "If you had filed your new living space, we never would have made this mistake." She growled at the man as she made to follow her partner. "So you're blaming the NYPD's inadequacy on me?" "Inadequacy?" Clarisse scoffed, but she was already on her way to the elevator. Usually, she was quite the spitfire, and would get up in people's faces more than a police officer should, but she must have been pretty tired. It was 2:30 in the morning on a Wednesday for that matter. "Whatever. Sorry to interrupt your sleep sir. Good night." Annabeth scowled, her mind already leaving this apartment and trying to go through all of their files on Stoll. Where could he have gone? "I hope you're going to pay for my door." She stopped halfway out. "Excuse me?" She turned back to find the man standing with his arms crossed over his very bare chest, and anger flaring in his eyes. Green eyes, she noticed. Clarisse didn't say anything, which meant she was already gone. She had left Annabeth to deal with Mr. Angry Pants—or Mr. Angry Boxers—all by herself. "You broke down my door! I'm not paying for that!" Annabeth sighed, scrubbing the side of her face. This was exactly what she needed after an unsuccessful raid. "I'm sorry sir, but we were in pursuit of a suspect. I'm sure you'll understand." "No, I don't. Especially when that suspect doesn't live here." "Yes, we got the wrong place. The precinct will call you soon to deal with your door." She said it just to get him off her back, and unfortunately, he seemed to see right through it. "Sometime? What about tonight? Unless you expect me to sleep tonight with no front door." Clarisse was probably down at the car laughing her ass off. Sure, she could find humor in this because she hadn't been abandoned by her partner up here. "Again, I'm sorry sir, but-" "No you're not." He'd been stepping closer to her and now towered over her height with barely inches between them. On instinct, Annabeth placed a hand on her gun which made him back away, but only slightly. "Please don't take that tone with me sir." She warned. Usually, she could handle these weirdoes pretty easily, but this guy was making her blood flare in her veins. She usually had control, but that wasn't happening with him. "Oh, I'm sorry Officer Wise Girl, but I'll take whatever tone I want with someone who just broke my door down." The man said sardonically. "I don't appreciate your attitude sir." Annabeth said in the same warning tone, but he was not fazed. "I don't appreciate the damage you did to my apartment." Officers were told to keep poker faces, remain calm at all times. It could save your life. But at the moment Annabeth forgot her training and was returning this man's fiery glare with one of her own. "Are you threatening me?" "Maybe." he considered, looking her up and down. "Because I can arrest you for threatening a police officer, did you know that?" "Are you really going to arrest me after you broke my door down?" "That's usually how it works." Now, instead of her gun, her hand was moving to where the handcuffs were stored in her belt. "You don't have a good enough reason." He smirked at her, eyes flashing, but he had her. She couldn't arrest the guy, because she was a good cop. Just because the guy annoyed her didn't mean she was going to take him down town to the precinct. That's something Clarisse did, and Annabeth always ended up having to fix. Not the other way around. So she turned on her heel, and stepped into the hallway. Picking up the top of the door, she pushed it up so it rested in the spot where it used to be attached to the doorframe. "You can't just put the door back on. You destroyed the whole frame!" It was against all protocol, but by this point, Annabeth didn't rightly care. "Then find some duct tape. It should stay up for a night." She shouted, then stormed down the hallway, with no thought for the people living on the floor below. -x- "This coffee is shit." Clarisse commented after gagging slightly. Annabeth murmured in agreement even as she sipped from her own cup. They were on street duty today. Stoll had slipped through their fingers, so the case had been shifted to a specialty detective on the third floor. Captain Chiron had said it was for the best, though Annabeth knew he hated seeing the case leave his department. He held pride in his officers, but it was much more difficult convincing others to hold the same pride. So here they were, waiting for a radio buzz. They probably wouldn't get much worse than a parking ticket today. "He filed, by the way." "What?" Annabeth didn't even look over at her partner, favoring watching a man freak out at the pretzel stand down the street because he had specifically asked for less salt. The vendor did not look amused in the slightest. "The guy from the other night. The one who lived in Stoll's old apartment. He filed the place as his." Now she turned to face Clarisse, a fresh glare coming to rest on her brow. "And I care, why?" Clarisse shrugged. "Because you told him to. His name's Percy Jackson." Percy Jackson . The image of him glaring, dressed only in his blue boxers came to her mind, and she slapped it away. She didn't care. He was just one person in a city of millions. Who happened to have nice eyes. And look good in only boxers. Not that she thought about that. Because she didn't. The radio fizzed, static coming loud and clear, until a voice came over it. "Fire, on First and Market. Suspect has fled the scene, headed south on First." "Hey! It's not a parking ticket!" Clarisse howled, already starting the car as Annabeth answered the call. "A fire? There's been a few of those lately. All abandoned factories." "Are there any in that area?" "Oh yeah." Annabeth couldn't help smiling. Maybe Stoll had gotten away, but this guy wouldn't. She stopped smiling pretty soon however and instead took to praying. Clarisse wasn't the best driver ever, but she had insisted on it today. Annabeth had only agreed because she hadn't anticipated much action, but now…she regretted that decision as she clutched the seat on every sharp turn, clenching her teeth. They could see the smoke now and traffic had stopped on the whole street, the sirens of the fire engines overlapping with their own. "Damn." Clarisse cursed, tugging the wheel right, and pulling up to the side of the street. "Clarisse!" Before Annabeth could say anything else, the car had clipped one parked on the curb. Unfortunately, the car door had been open, and Clarisse couldn't stop… "Oops." "Oops? Clarisse, 'oops' doesn't cut it!" Annabeth railed, her eyes wide at the car door that now was lying in the street, completely detached from its car. "Well, we'll deal with it later. Look, someone's running. I'll bet you ten bucks he's the suspect." Clarisse was out of the car in an instant, and Annabeth followed her, but not after mourning the door. The precinct wasn't going to be too happy about this. She could imagine Chiron now. "Why did you even let her drive? She totaled a semi the last time she drove! A semi! " Her partner apparently had it all under control by the time she caught up, there was already handcuffs on the guy and everything. "What makes you think I started the fire?" "Your clothes and face are covered in soot, that's why." Annabeth stated, crossing her arms and leaning down to look at the boy. He actually couldn't be much younger than her, but he had one of those faces that made him look young. "What's your name kid?" "I'm not a kid," he spat, wincing when Clarisse pressed a knee into his back. "Leo." "Got a last name?" "Not that I'm telling you." So he was a rebellious one? They could deal with him. "Alright, let's bring him down town." Annabeth stood up straight again, and Clarisse hefted the smaller boy up easily, pushing him forward. When they got closer to the car, there was a familiar form waiting for them, leaning on the car that had suffered a lost door. Against her will, a strike of dread shot through her spine. "Oh, shit. Now you're in trouble." Clarisse chuckled with delight as she moved back to the squad car. "What are you talking about? This is your fault!" "Hey, I've got my hands full," Her partner motioned to the boy she was leading away. A sly grin grew on her face. "Besides, I'm not the one he's looking at." Pressing down anger as she walked, she stopped about a foot away from the man. Percy Jackson, who was still leaning on the car when she came near. "We have to stop meeting like this," He narrowed his eyes at her. He was doing it again. With the boy, Leo, she'd been able to keep her calm. But this guy was making her so angry, she thought she might have to take a visit to the bar later to blow off some