Annabeth had come here with Luke. Luke was her boyfriend. Luke was the one who had waited around for nearly twelve hours just to ensure that they could spend New Year's Eve in Times Square. So why was she not kissing him while everyone cheered around them, and confetti rained down, and it was noise overlapping on noise? Luke was not the one she was kissing, yet her brain was silent, consumed in this boy that was holding tightly to her waist and kissing her with more passion than she'd ever been kissed with in her entire life. Earlier that day, December 31, 3:15 "Guess what?" "Luke, I don't really have much time. I'm trying to get the outline of these blueprints done so I can actually enjoy my long weekend. So forgive me if I don't guess." "Will you just say 'what' then please?" Annabeth heaved a sigh. "What?" "I'm standing in Times Square right now." "Is that so?" Luke gave an equally annoyed sigh on the other side of the phone call. "Yes. And do you know what that means?" "I think it's been established how much I want to participate in guessing games right now-" "It means we get to spend New Year's here! We get to see the ball drop in real life!" For a moment, the blueprints and the wrath of her boss fell away from Annabeth. "Seriously?" It was actually an impressive feat, that she'd lived in New York City for so long, and yet never spent New Year's Eve in Times Square. Luke had always teased her about it. "Seriously! Just come meet me when you can get away from that crazy boss of yours." The crazy boss in mention seemed to have heard Luke through the speaker of Annabeth's cellphone. "Miss Chase, I believe we don't allow cellphone time in the office." "Yes, Miss Minerva. I apologize." Annabeth said in a tight voice. "Oops. My bad. See you tonight." Luke's voice echoed out before his name blinked on the screen, indicating he'd hung up. "I hope you'll have those outlines and measurements to me by five, Miss Chase. And if there are mistakes, I will not hesitate to send them back." Minerva clicked her tongue before exiting. No way am I working overtime, Annabeth thought bitterly, immediately sitting at her desk, checking the clock as she worked. December 31, 4:59 pm Minerva poured over the outlines, scouring, Annabeth knew, for mistakes. It would give her boss the utmost pleasure to keep Annabeth there overtime on New Year's. But Annabeth only watched smugly as Minerva slipped the blueprints back into the folders, knowing full well that there were no mistakes to be found within them. "Good work, Chase." "Thank you." "Have a good weekend." "Happy holidays!" Annabeth called cheerily over her shoulder as she left the office. She could feel the envious looks from her colleagues following her, and she basked in them as she pushed the door open. A light snow was drifting from the sky, but it was warm enough that Annabeth needed no hat or scarf. A smile lit her lips as she made for her apartment. There was no way she'd be seen in her business attire at New Years. Where was the fun in that? She pressed Luke's name in her phone, and it rang and rang, going straight to his voicemail. That's weird, Annabeth thought, but couldn't shake the feeling that was getting off of work early. Take that, Minerva! However, Luke was still not picking up his phone after Annabeth had changed and already started walking toward the Square, since a taxi would be impossible to catch now. Annabeth jabbed at Luke's name one more time, knowing it would go to his voicemail like before. "Hi, you've reached Luke Castellan's phone…" The crowd was gradually thickening with every step she took, and Annabeth wasn't quite watching where she was going as she mumbled to her phone screen angrily. "Woah there." A deep, laughing voice caught her off guard as she nearly plowed into someone in her path, losing her footing. Their hands caught her shoulders as well, to keep them both standing in the bustling crowd of people. Annabeth was prepared to rail on this person, but when she threw her head back to face him, all of her frustration and annoyance at Luke vanished. The man who caught her had the most devil-may-care grin on his face, and his bright green eyes shone with all of the surrounding neon lights of the Square. "Were you a bulldozer in another life?" He asked, laughter till underlining his every word. An apology had been on her lips, but after that comment, Annabeth swallowed it back. "And you were a roadblock?" Not to her surprise, as his laughter had been threatening at the corner of his eyes since she'd looked up at him, he only responded with a snort. Someone brushed past them roughly then. In the heat of New Year's Eve, they had places they needed to go before the last grains of sand slid into the bottom half of the hour glass, and like Annabeth they were not watching where they were going. They jostled her shoulder, pushing her closer into the stranger, who easily caught her again, though she wasn't falling, and pulled her along toward building closest to them, effectively avoiding any more reincarnated bulldozers. "This is why I never want to go see the ball drop," the man muttered under his breath. Annabeth wasn't sure if she was meant to hear until he snuck a mischievous look at her. "Who came up with the event of 'dropping the ball' anyway? It just sounds dirty." Despite herself, and all of the frustration at Luke only moments before, and despite that this man was a complete stranger, Annabeth found herself laughing. And the stranger seemed quite pleased that he'd raised a laugh out of her. "Maybe that's why everyone finds the event so attractive." She said before really thinking. Part of her was mortified; had she really just made a sex joke to a stranger? He started it, she thought in retaliation. The stranger laughed, much louder than Luke ever did, that it was impossible not to join in with him. After their laugher died down, drifting into the realm of nervousness near the end, they were left in a period of silence. At least, in the only type of silence the streets of New York City could allow, especially on New Year's Eve. "Where are you headed?" He finally asked, inclining his head so she'd hear him over the din. "Somewhere in the Square," she answered, feeling a little of her anger at Luke's lack of planning return. "What about you?" "Some friends of mine are hosting a party. One of them is in a family business in some big electric company, and there's this rooftop party overlooking Times Square." To say the least, Annabeth was impressed. She'd much rather attend a private party than be smothered in the sea of people that would fill the streets. She understood the romantic gesture on Luke's part, but was it really so bad to watch the ball drop on television? The real glowing orb could not be all that magical. "It's going to be a late night for both of us. Want some?" He pointed a thumb behind him, and Annabeth realized they were sheltered under the stoop of a café. Before waiting for her answer, he disappeared into the door. It was all her choice, to go on, or to follow him. With a shrug and one last look at her blank phone screen, Annabeth ducked through the glass door. December 31, 7:45 pm "Where is this party of yours?" Annabeth asked after another sip of coffee. At that, the man, who had introduced himself as Percy Jackson, ("How could I have been so stupid? Here we are drinking coffee, and we don't know each other's names! Annabeth is a really unique name, by the way. Very pretty."), flushed a little. "I don't actually know," he confessed, taking to looking at his coffee cup. "Jason texted me that address, but my phone…well, I sort of dropped it into a fish tank," he sent a playful glare to Annabeth when she snorted. "I won't have a new one for another week." "You can use mine if you want." She pulled out her phone, absentmindedly noticing that there were no returned calls or messages from Luke. What could he be doing? "Thanks, but I don't think it'll help. One problem with the generation of cellphones, no one has phone numbers memorized anymore." He smiled at her over his cup before taking another sip. "And you? What do you have to look forward to on this lovely New Year's Eve?" "I was going to meet my boyfriend," Annabeth said, quickly stowing her phone away in the pocket of her jacket. "But he won't answer any of my calls or texts. It's like he expects me to sense where he is in this throng of people." She added sarcastically, but felt the true ring of anger strip through her. "Boyfriend," the word sounded foreign coming from his mouth, and he seemed to swirl it around on his tongue, just as he did with the coffee. "Well. Not exactly. It's complicated. I only used 'boyfriend' to avoid that part." "Complicated boyfriend? People say that, and I don't know what it means." Annabeth sighed. This wasn't her favorite subject. "It's complicated as in if I were to call him 'boyfriend' to his face, he'd wig out." Percy nodded his head, his eyes narrowing slightly. "So it's just a thing ?" "I guess. Not quite a relationship, not just something casual." "It's probably not my place, but the guy is an idiot if he's acting like that." "It's not your place, but I agree." They shared a smile, before awkwardly turning back to their coffees again. "Why does New Years have to be such a couples' holiday?" Percy suddenly asked. "It's not." Annabeth brushed stray curls out of her face, tucking them behind her ear. They didn't stay but it gave her hands something to do. "Oh, but it is." Percy held up a finger, leaning toward her over the table. "Did I mention that all of my friends are dating? And that they all happen to be invited to this party? And that I'll be the only single one there?" Annabeth eyed him, trying to stifle her grin. "Is this why you conveniently dropped your phone into a fish tank?" He gave a look of mock shock, but laughed anyway. "Fortunately and coincidentally, no. I don't have that kind of money to accidentally on purpose destroy my phone. But it did turn out to be a great excuse, didn't it?" His satisfied smile was too much for her to take. Her grin broke through, and dissolved into giggles. Now, she knew that she should be looking for Luke. That's impossible, she thought in defense. There was no way she could find him in the middle of all of these people. However, she felt a little guilty. Mostly because she was enjoying talking to Percy much more than she probably should. She'd only known him for just over an hour, but in that hour they'd laughed and talked, and from the looks other patrons in the coffee shop were sending their way at the sounds of their jokes and uproarious laughter, she knew it sounded like they'd known each other for years. Annabeth found she sort of felt that way too. Glancing down at her watch, her throat went a little dry. Time was passing and her cup was empty. She had no more excuses. "I better go find Luke." She sighed, looking across the table at Percy apologetically. "Luke?" He asked before realization dawned. "Oh. Complicated boyfriend. Right." The silence returned for a moment, tense and full of something that didn't