Disclaimer: I do not own anything besides the basic plot. Main Pairing: Nico/Percy Summary: Set after the war with Gaea. Tartarus has taken a greater toll on Percy than he thought. The war with Gaea is what consumed his time; now that it's over he has too much time. When he realizes what the price is for being in Tartarus he isn't so sure that he was glad to survive. Chapter 1: Darker Than Before After the war ended Percy thought he spent way too much time in his own head. It seemed to Percy that he had way too much free time on his hands. Getting up from his bed in his cabin tired of doing nothing he decided to head to the arena. He was itching to feel that jolt when his sword made contact with a solid object. Sliding his hand into his pocket his fingers grasped Riptide, adrenaline pumping as he turned and walked to the right of his cabin around to the back where the arena is. Percy was smiling, hand grasping Riptide he made his way up the small incline. Just a few more meters and he would be able to go wild on whatever his sword could hit, not including other demi-gods. Finally he had made it; he could smell the dirt, sweat, and blood as he stepped into the arena. The sound of metal clanging against metal as demi-gods sparred with each other exhilarated Percy. He scanned the area for a nice dummy all to himself. He saw one that look in pristine condition, looking he saw the other demi-gods, mostly those from the Ares cabin, were engaged in sparring with each other so this dummy was all his, perfect. He walked over, with each step the adrenaline was getting to his head making it extremely hard not to give a savage yell and run for the dummy, he did not need strange looks from the other kids. He took in a long breath as he stood in front of the dummy, straw poking out of its thin beat up armor. Percy smiled as images of the dummy in shreds at his feet came to mind. He just needed to destroy something; he wanted to destroy something for fun and this dummy was victim number one. He let his breath out as he uncapped Riptide eyes narrowing as he imaged the dummy could move. Taking a step imaging that the dummy's hulking arm was swung at him with an imaginary weapon he dove forward as the imagined weapon barely missed the top of his head. I smirked pleased with the outcome and took a wild hard swing at where a supposed leg would be, imaginary monster goo came spewing out causing Percy to chuckle, almost giggle, in delight. The imaginary monster enemy gave an enraged howl as another attack came at his left side so he waited till the last minute and fell below the line of impact and rolled to left Riptide ready to jab the monsters gut. Riptide never made contact with the imaginary foe. White hot pain erupted in the back of Percy's eyes blurring his vision, he didn't realise until he tasted blood that he had bitten his tongue. Riptide clattered to the dirt floor has Percy's hands flew to his temple in attempt to grab at the pain, it was useless. His vision was in and out of focus now, Riptide was becoming a bronze blob and then sharpening into the sword it was. Fists clenched beside his temple has he shut his eyes tightly, the pain didn't seem like it was going to subside anytime soon. At this moment it was like someone had opened the back of his head and was pouring the liquid fire of the Phlegathon into it. He was sure that if someone had walked up they would see smoke coming from his eyes, he felt they were on fire. It felt like forever when the pain slowly ebbed away. Out of breath and adrenaline Percy slowly opened his still slightly throbbing eyes. The bright sun flooded his senses and he whimpered as he shut them again, this time not so tight. Percy sat up carefully feeling for the cool bronze of Riptide, shakily he capped the pen and stuffed it back into his pocket. Shielding his eyes he slowly opened them, they still hurt but it was nothing compared to what it was. Now it was just a dull throbbing, like you get when someone is lightly poking your arm the only difference was it didn't seem to stop. To calm himself he focused on the noise of steal hitting steal and yelling demi-gods. Soon he was able to get up without shielding his eyes and dust himself off. Some of the campers who were sitting on the sidelines gave him funny looks as he gave them his best smile. "Just some very painful dirt got in my eyes." He supplied. It seemed to work and the demi-god just shrugged. Taking the first step was harder than he thought; his body was still tight from the pain. He popped his neck and tried to walk out like nothing had happened. He looked around grateful that the camper bought his excuse or it could have been due to the fact that he was one of the greatest heroes of his day and they didn't want to protest his excuse. Perhaps that was it and that thought irked him, he was still just a regular teenager, well sort of. Right now he wanted to be alone, even though it seemed he spent a lot of his time alone since he broke up with Annabeth and went through Tartarus. He wasn't sure why but now he kind of liked the solitude, it gave him a break from trying to be everyone's best friends or was it everyone else trying to be his friend? Probably the latter considering he was this oh so great hero. He really hated that, he just wanted to be normal. Turning toward the cabins that were down a small incline his eyes laid on the Hades cabin. He could see the Greek fire from here yet for some reason he had to squint to make out the pillars. Percy convinced himself that it was because it was black and far away. Black was always hard to see anyway and it made detail almost impossible to see. Seeing that cabin made him extremely upset, it was all Nico's fault. Nico decided he was just going to leave after delivering the Athena statue and he stuck to his guns, the stupid half-Italian left, left Percy alone… not that he would admit it right now but it hurt. Percy still wondered what Nico's problem was with him when he was getting ready to shadow travel the Athena statue. Nico had blown him off when he had tried to thank him for pretty much saving his life while he was in Tartarus, if it hadn't been for Nico then Bob would had never come to their rescue. It was Nico who convinced Bob and told him that Percy was a good friend. That's what Percy didn't understand, if he was a really good friend then what did he do to get the cold shoulder from Nico? He wanted to know so he could get back into his good books, or more like ok-ish books. Lifting his gaze he saw the lake; that was his next destination. He would be spending a lot of time there today. Although most of the view was blocked by the goddess's cabins and the lavatory (a fancy word he had learned from Annabeth and was quiet fond of it). He had to squint to make out any of the cabins, otherwise it was just a blob with strange colours. He shook his head, the throbbing or finger poking sensation was still there in the back of his eyes. Intent on the lake he headed down the small hill. He entered the now lopsided "u" that made up the cabins, lopsided because of the addition of some minor gods and Hades. Percy never wanted to get caught calling his sort of favorite uncle a minor god, he imagined it would not end well. He was just about to pass through the other side of the "u" shape when he spotted Annabeth, his now ex-girlfriend but still best friend. They had found that kissing each other was like kissing a brother or sister and it didn't really make sparks fly for either of them. Tartarus ironically helped them come to a mutual break-up; their minds had been on different people the entire time. Annabeth had seen him as well and was grinning and waving, yet although she looked happy he could tell that just like him their time in Tartarus was still haunting her. He had no idea how Nico had gotten through it and alone to top that. Though Percy supposed she was a lot happier the girl of her dreams stood next to her. Reyna gave him a smile as he approached them. They were both standing just to the right of the Athena cabin. "Hey, what's up Seaweed Brain?" She nudged his shoulder in a friendly way. Reyna gave Percy a friendly nod and took her leave after pecking Annabeth on the cheek making the blond girl blush. "You guys look cute together! Nothing just wanted to see a familiar face." He said in an upbeat fashioned, he really did think they were cute together. Besides Annabeth was so much happier with Reyna at her side than she had been with Percy so how could he not? She looked down her face no longer red and guilt flashed in her eyes as she chewed her lip before speaking, "Percy…" He shook his head and placed a finger on her lips, affectively shushing her. "You know as well as I do that we are like brother and sister, it was so awkward kissing you." He gave her his signature grin and she whacked his arm happy that he was just regular old Percy and not outwardly affected by their break-up, it had been mutual after all. He saw her visibly relax. Sometimes he wanted to smack her upside the head and then use some fancy lingo to get sense back into her head. It was a mutual break-up anyway and seeing each other just reminded them too much of that place and besides that they both found themselves thinking of another person. Strange enough they had Tartarus to thank for finally making it easier to come out of that deep closet, even if at first it had only been to each other. Now Annabeth was completely out while Percy still had one foot in the door, scared that camp or someone might reject him because they wouldn't allow a gay hero or something silly like that. Annabeth knew this and was his confidant that girl could keep a secret well and he was grateful until she started pestering him about who he liked, he just wasn't ready at this moment to tell her although he suspected she already knew. "Not to mention the whole gay thing." They both laughed and shuddered at the thought of kissing each other again now that everything was out in the open. "So" she said watching how Percy glanced behind her head in the direction of the lake, "I'll let you go this time Perce but I want to know who it is you like, I will pester you every time I see you so be prepared." He grimaced and gave her a slightly annoyed smile as she simply smirked in triumph knowing she would get it out of him. "Gee, thanks so much. Anyway, yeah I want to get to the lake. You know need to think." He gave her a small smile and damn was she worried about that Seaweed brain. He