Disclaimer: I do not own anything besides the basic plot. Main Pairing: Nico/Percy/Jason Summary: On their way back home the Argo II is attacked and in the midst of battle Percy is killed. Nico doesn't feel it like he did when Bianca passed away so he is surprised to hear of his late crushes demise. Jason is expecting to comfort a distraught Nico but when he learns that Nico didn't feel Percy's passing the pair is convinced that their Sea Prince is still alive. Chapter 1: Gone JASON It was peaceful and all around awesome. They could all sleep and eat as much food as they wanted. It was done and Gaea was defeated and it was time for some much needed relaxation. Of course the real relaxing wouldn't start until they got home and settled in but Jason new that he would be settling in with the Greeks and not going to New Rome. It was exciting. But he imagined he would have to stay in New Rom for a while if not to show Frank the ropes and get him settled in with his new position. "-son… Jason!" Piper hit him upside the head to get his attention. "Ow! what?" He looked at the girl across from him with her arms crossed. "Sorry Pipes I was just thinking." She shook her head. "Geez I've been trying to get your attention for a while now. Where's your head at?" "My head is right here." He grinned while pointing to his forehead as she rolled her ever changing eyes. "You know what I mean." He watched her fidget and play with the hem of her shirt. It was this conversation. It was a long time coming too. "Yeah I do, let's go somewhere more private, my room or yours?" Jason stood and offered his hand to Piper. She stood up without his help and gave his hand a sly smirk. "Mine." Piper took his still outstretched hand to lead him to her room. He couldn't help but smile. On the way there they passed Annabeth and Percy who were in a heated discussion. Their heads were close together and their voices were slowly gaining volume just bordering full blown argument. Jason watched as Percy put his hand her shoulder only to have her shrug it off with one movement and Percy looking rather frustrated most likely with himself. When the two noticed Jason and Piper they sprung apart and quickly made their ways to their respective rooms. Jason did not miss the look Piper and Annabeth shared. Oh. Piper pulled him into her room and shut the door. She motioned for him to sit on the bed as she shut the door and began to pace the room. He felt like a child who was about to get scolded even though this had nothing to do with what he'd done wrong. "It's all a fake, a sham and as much as we tried to convince ourselves that it was true, that what we felt was real we both know it's a lie. It's just something normal that everyone would expect. I'm a daughter of Aphrodite and you're the son of Ze-Jupiter. You're supposed to have the girl and apparently I'm supposed to have the boy. I don't want the boy I want the girl!" By the end of it Piper was about to break into tears, she looked anywhere but at Jason. There wasn't much to say. It was like when Nico was forced to admit his feelings for Percy in front of him. This wasn't so unexpected he had thought for a while but everyone else liked to push their ideals on them. Even the gods, heroes were supposed to have a girl waiting for them and the girl was supposed to get the hero. He understood her frustration but his Roman training prevented him from showing it on his face. He was stoic after all. "Come on, I think you need ice cream and we can talk more. Look I'm just happy we don't have to pretend anymore. It was killing me inside pretending to love you like I wanted to spend the rest of my life with you when you're more like my best friend, sister even. You can also tell me who it is you like." He winked at her as she let a few stray tears fall. Jason hoped this made up for his lack of facial communication. "Gods you're the best." She pulled him up from the bed and into a tight hug. Huh, he never noticed how weird it felt to have boobs crushed into his front, it felt like hugging his sister which he supposed what this was exactly like. "Aren't I just?" He flashed Piper his best grin he could muster. Jason hoped the lights glinted off his teeth just right to make them shine. This was the smile that always seemed to ease Nico's fretting. "Come on let's get some ice cream. I'm thinking strawberry or maybe cookie-dough." Piper gave him a look. "What?" Wasn't this was girls did when they were happy and sad? "I just never pegged you for a strawberry guy, I'm thinking good ol'vanilla. Yeah it's boring to some people but I love it." He rolled his eyes as they entered the mess hall and grabbed their much needed treats and settled in at the table. "So, when did you know?" Jason took a bite of ice cream. Honestly he was curious he'd been having some serious doubts toward his own sexuality. "Well I think I knew the moment our fake relationship started but I thought it was the truth, reality, so I stuck with it. It's also what everyone seemed to want." She was being honest with him and it was all he could ask for. Really he was asking these questions for his own benefit. Ever since he heard Nico's confession and even before that, with Reyna when he thought he might date her because everyone expected it. He just couldn't. The word 'gay' hadn't even crossed his mind he just knew that women didn't really float his boat so-to-speak. He'd never had a word for it until he shared in Nico's unwanted confession. In fact he was almost jealous of how much Nico loved Percy; he wished that it was Nico that loved him or even Percy (but no one is supposed to know of these feelings). But he was the stoic Roman he didn't have those strong emotions, for him it was all about supressing true desires to be a better soldier. Even right now it was hard to show that he cared on the outside and not just keep it all inside all bottled up it was something Jason struggled with and something he admired the Greeks for. It was hard to smile all the time and Jason didn't know how Percy did it; show that emotion all the time. "Yes, I remember waking up with no memories besides the fact that you were my girlfriend and Leo was my best friend. It had felt very strange knowing nothing else but that, it felt wrong." Piper knew he struggled with this whole open emotion thing but the boy had come very far, he could at least talk to her truthfully about what he was feeling. "Let's finish the ice cream and get to bed, we can talk more in the morning." Piper stole some of his ice cream which resulted in a spoon battle and Piper claiming Jason's bowl as hers. "Don't you pout you big baby." She poked him in the cheek as he pouted awkwardly which made him look pretty cute. Piper took pity and pushed his bowl back to him. Looks like the pout worked "I'm not a baby you big meanie." Jason ate the remains of his soupy ice cream having warmed up during their spoon battle no wonder she gave it back the sly dog. "Now tell me who you have a crush on." He grinned knowing he would have full teasing rights, he had earned them hadn't he? Piper's expression changed. "Oh well umm…" Her cheeks darkened something fierce. "Come on since when have you been shy?" Jason turned to face her completely. "It's just." Piper took a deep breath. "The girl, the beautiful girl is kind of sort of very much taken." Piper caught her lip between her teeth and worried it until it was red. "I'm terrible for liking something that I can't have." "Gods please tell me it's not Hazel. Nico will eat you alive and we all know how he gives Frank a hard time." Piper snorted and rapidly shook her head as if to say he was a complete idiot. "Not her you doofus and besides I think Frank would be the one to swallow me whole. Though I wouldn't doubt I might get burned…" They both shared a chuckle, sometimes people were obvious and others were no are oblivious. There were only a few possible answers and he figured he knew who it was after all he hadn't missed that look. "Annabeth." It wasn't a question. "Yes and Reyna." Jason stared at her while she again bit her lip and turning a shade of crimson Jason didn't think a human could turn lest they be burning. "Wait, both. Both Reyna and Annabeth?" She nodded as if she were guilty. Her eyes were downcast and looking anywhere but at him. Did she think it was that much of a no-no to like two people at once or to want them both at the same time? "I know I can't have either and to want both at the same time and it is sick and selfish. It's not like either of them would ever be interested in me. Reyna's all ugh and Annabeth is all well you know..." Piper dropped her head into her hands. "And then together they're so unnff." Piper made wild hand gestures to try and convey what she was meaning, Jason got it. Jason could relate, at least a little, not that he would readily admit though. He always tried to not let his mind wander to those possibilities especially while he was with Piper it just wouldn't be fair to the daughter of Aphrodite especially when she thought she loved him. More than ever he has found his thoughts to be drifting toward Percy and Nico. Even if Nico only had eyes for Percy and Percy was just… well Percy, for now he would be content to watch them from far away and lend an ear to a good friend. "Well you might be able to have at least one of them. The one who isn't in any kind of relationship right now wouldn't that be better than neither of them?" Piper made a face and sighed loudly. "Oh don't pout or you'll really begin to look more and more like your siblings." He grinned and jutted his lower lip out and made it wobble. "Ugh never!" She slapped him on the arm. "That's just, don't ever say that again." Piper gave a full bodied shudder. "Fine, fine you sissy." Jason pulled her into an uncharacteristically tight hug because sometimes he like them. "Whoa this is so not the right time for bed-time munchies." Leo awkwardly coughed and scuttled passed them to get to the snacks. "Sorry guys I'll be gone and then you can return to being all lovely dovey or whatever is that you're doing there." "Shut it Valdez." Piper threw her spoon at his head which Leo dodged, barely. "Never gonna shut me up. I'm too awesome to be kept silent. No one can tame me I am Leo the awesome dammit!" Leo grinned impishly. "Why I am so offended I thought you liked my sweet voice." He bat his eyelashes at them while blowing kisses. "I would love it more if you'd shut it every now and then." Jason grinned as Leo