Disclaimer: I do not own anything besides the basic plot. Main Pairing: Nico/Percy Summary: AU: Percy likes comic books and when one shows him how to summon a demon he tries it. It was supposed to be a fake ritual but when it works and summons not only a real demon but the prince of demons dubbed the Ghost King he's not sure whether to cry or check himself into the loony bin. Little does he know of the full consequences of summoning this demon is and it's way more than he bargained for. Chapter 1: Blood Magic PERCY He was meeting Leo at three and then they were going promptly to the comic book store. It was their monthly ritual when their favorite comic series had a new release. They'd meet up at the bookstore that doubled as a coffee shop, buy the comic, sit down after they'd ordered some highly caffeinated and tooth-rottingly sweet to drink and read. After they were finished they would compare notes. It was nerdy but they'd been doing it since they'd meet each other in their middle schools comic club. This was one of their favorite series because it depicted serious relationships with the bad assery of fighting evil and defending the weak. It also didn't hurt that the hero was gay and had a loving boyfriend who was both in the dark about who his alter-ego was as well as coincidentally worked on the same superhero team. It was more of an X-Men group than the Justice League team. Percy was a committed fanboy even while he was fangirling. He checked his watch and decided it would be a good time to leave and it never hurts to be early. The weather hadn't been good lately and even though it was only a five minute bus ride (which meant not getting pelted with as much rain) he preferred to walk the 20 minutes it took. Before he left he made sure to leave a note for his roommate even though Annabeth new where he was going by now and insisted that he could just use his phone for these things but Percy was never a technology enthusiast and he swears that everything electric had a vendetta against him. Once outside his opened his bright Aquaman umbrella and turned down the street as it began to spit fat droplets of rain from the ominous gray sky. Percy also made sure he brought his cursed cellphone. It was a touch screen and autocorrect was a bitch but his mum insisted he have one since he was living in a different city and she called at least once a day. He still needed a case for it; he'd have to ask Leo where to get one. Twenty-five minutes later he was opening the door to the bookstore and went to the comic section which took up most of the store. He waited another five minutes and Leo showed up his curly hair as messy as always. "Hey man! So excited for the next issue." Leo was gushing and jumping around excitedly and his enthusiasm was very contagious. "I know! I can't wait. It's supposed to be the big reveal where the hero and his boyfriend found out they've been working together all this time. AAHH I can't wait!" Percy level of excitement went up and they were both jumping up and down in the middle of the bookstore like dorks but it was ok because by this point the staff knew them well enough to know that they weren't crazy and going to burn the place down. It didn't hurt that they were both very adorable. "Oh and not to mention they're going to have a showdown with the Shadow Man and all bets are off." They both squealed and blushed when they noticed a little girl staring at them. Leo then pulled Percy to the counter. They'd been going there every month since middle school so the staff always reserved two copies for them. Malcolm was behind the counter today and he rolled his eyes when they came up. "I heard you two girls squealing over there. I've got something special too. Not just two copies of the next issue but two signed copies. The boss sent in a letter and told them about you two and for whatever reason the artist signed these just for you. Oh and there's t-shirts." Malcolm had pretty much become some sort of mystic deity at this point and was about to bestow some all-powerful gift on the two lowly mortals in front of him. "Oh I could kiss you." Leo leaned across the counter and made smacking noises with his lips. "I'd rather you not, you know girlfriend and all." Malcolm shoved the comic into Leo's face and the shirt in the package and effectively distracted the imp. Percy rolled his eyes and paid for the both of them while Leo was murmuring something about his precious in a strange voice and no doubt stroking the t-shirt. "Thanks again Malcolm and sorry for you know," Percy made a wide gesture that included him and Leo. "Don't worry about it and come again." Malcolm waved them off as they headed to the coffee shop. "Alright Gollum go sit down it's my month to pay." Percy rolled his eyes, again, while Leo stuck his tongue out then continued to walk to their table in grouched position while stroking the packaged shirt. "It's alright Precious the stupid Percy just doesn't understand us." Leo pathetically tried to imitate Gollum as he found their favorite spot wasn't taken this time. Three hours later they were in a heated discussion about what had happened in the last couple of pages. The panels had depicted Shadow Man drawing a summoning circle on the ground in a church and chanting something to raise a demon from hell and send it to kill the main couple. They weren't really sure they liked the religious overtones. "I mean it's ok but demons aren't even real… not that having abilities like they do is real either but I wish not everything was you know religious." Percy sighed as his eyes lingered on the page where the summoning circle was drawn out in great detail. "Yeah but who cares anymore. It adds so much for the story I mean one of the guys on the team does have angel wings and a very mysterious past. He could be for all we know an angel." Leo tried but Percy wouldn't really have it. "I know it's just a story but it seems like everything these days has religious undertones in it." He was mildly annoyed with it, it wasn't the angels it was the summoning of the demon that was putting him off. Oh he still loved the series to bits but he didn't like this particular part. "Come on I know you're not going to hate it for this little part besides lots of other things have religious undertones and you love them so it's really not any different. Besides you watch Supernatural and that has a tone of religions and crap in it so your argument is invalid." Leo did have a point. "Yeah you're right I suppose." Leo grinned at that. "Aren't I always though?" He winked and blew a kiss which Percy dodged. "Why does he dodge us Precious, why!?" Leo held the shirt to his face and glared playfully at Percy. "You're such a dork… isn't he Precious." Percy held his shirt possessively as the two had a laughing fit. After about another half hour they parted ways when Leo's Ironman watch started beeping like it was possessed… no on the fritz. It wasn't really religion more of the demon part. His ex-boyfriend Octavian was a little more than obsessed with demonology. The guy found them around every corner. Needless to say after about a month of dating him it got old very fast especially when he began spewing some self-righteous mumbo jumbo about how he was chosen to defeat such vile creatures. That relationship didn't last long and personally Percy thought he should be put into a padded cell. A couple of times he found Octavian ripping out the stuffing in plushies because he was getting signs… yeah crazy wasn't his cup of java. It drove him crazy. The summoning circle in the comic had been well beautiful. Percy didn't really understand why something so beautiful could summon something so vile. Yeah demons were supposed to be ugly he supposed but the thing was hideous more of a zombie than a demon. Thinking about the entire ritual from the comic kept his heart rate up and for some reason he had the crazy idea to actually perform the ritual. He hated it but he needed to check it out for himself. It wasn't real but that's no reason not to scare himself senseless. He'd have to call Leo for this and of course Annabeth since they'd be doing it in their living room. Jason and Piper most definitely would enjoy this mostly because it would be happening in low light and the two could make kissy faces at each other in the corner. Really he hoped he wouldn't come off as crazy considering he always stayed away from stuff like this. Annabeth would say it's a step in the right direction into forgetting Octavian and how crazy and controlling he was. Weirdo didn't even want sex so Percy had left that relationship with his v-card intact. Sometimes he was glad he mother forced him to buy a phone. He pulled it out of his pocket as he walked and slide his finger across the screen and punched in his four-digit passcode. Now if he could only figure out how to send a group text it would make this a whole lot easier. He finally got the last texts out to Piper and Jason and he realized he hadn't even moved from his spot in the middle of the sidewalk. Of course everyone else could walk and text but him. He still held the phone in one hand and jabbed at it with his other hand, it hurt more than anything. He supposed he looked like an eighty year old grandma trying to text but it got the job done. Annabeth was the first to reply and as he stepped into their apartment mostly everyone else had agreed to it as well with the exception of Leo because if his boss caught him texting again he's live to regret it. So he'd have to wait for his until six. "Well what supplies do we need?" Annabeth smiled at him as he came in shaking his Aquaman umbrella out. "Oh just a second," he put his umbrella away and fished out the comic. "This probably isn't all that accurate but we need some interesting items like dried jellyfish." "We're not doing this half assed Jackson so I took the liberty of looking up an actual summoning circle from an occult website. Says it's 100 percent accurate." She pushed her glasses up and showed him the picture of the summoning circle on her computer screen. It looked less complicated than the one in the comic but no less beautiful. "I love you." She grinned as Percy ruffled her blond curls which earned him a glare. "I know." Her storm-gray eyes turned back to the screen and she began rapidly typing. Percy still only used two fingers to type. "Oh here we are, we've got ourselves a shopping list. Game to go?" She looked away from the screen. "Sure, I'm not working today so I've got free time." "Great let's go then." She grabbed his hand and lead him to the door. Annabeth grabbed her owl umbrella and threw Percy's at him. "I swear you're more hyped up about this than I am." He rolled his eyes at her. "Of course I am. Octavian was a weirdo and