July 12, 1996 He couldn't take it anymore. It didn't matter that it was extremely early. Fred Weasley had to go pee. He sat up in his bed rubbing his eyes and got up quickly. George was already using their bathroom so he silently crept up to the third level and practically ran to the bathroom not caring how much noise he made. Just as he got to the door, someone came out and bumped into his bare chest, their hair tickling his skin. The feeling made his need to 'squeeze the lemon' even more intense. The person he ran into took a step back and rubbed their head with the back of their hand. "Fred?" The person looked up into the twins' eyes and smiled slightly, yawning as they started to move forward slowly. "What'r you doin' up?" they slurred slightly in exhaustion. Fred, now bouncing a bit in his need to use the loo moved the person aside muttering a small 'one sec' before closing the door quickly and going inside to relieve himself. Once done he washed his hands as quickly as possible and stepped out to find the person from before leaning against the wall eyes half open and head bobbing as they went in and out of consciousness. He chuckled at the person who, at that moment, reminded him of a child who was fighting with their sleepiness. "Hello love. What can I do for a pretty little bird like you this morning?" He walked to stand in front of her, his backside to the banister as he leaned back a bit slouching and crossing his arms over his chest. He yawned quietly covering his mouth with his hand and then started moving his arms about doing some morning stretches. "Put'n," she yawned loudly placing a small hand over her mouth, "on a shirt," she rubbed her eyes softly, "like a normal person." Fred looked down at his bare chest and poked his muscled abs a couple of times. "What? You don't like the view?" he smirked a bit and stood up straight moving his long hair out of his face. He did a model pose flexing a couple of times making the girl giggle, her cheeks turning a pretty shade of pink. "I find that hard to believe." She stepped forward and slapped his chest lightly before turning and going towards the stairs. "Believe it Weasley. Now if you'll excuse me; I'm going to make myself a cup of tea." Fred followed her down the stairs with a pouty expression on his face. "I'm hurt Granger. I could've sworn you were checking me out earlier." Hermione laughed turning to look behind her as she neared the end of the stairs. "Well you would be wrong sir. I never did such a thing." "Okay…Sure…" Fred sighed following her into the kitchen and took a seat at the table. "And what's that supposed to mean may I ask?' She held up a cup looking back at him and he smiled nodding. "Yes please. A little bit of milk, three scoops of sugar, and one – spoon of honey." Hermione finished with him. He smiled slightly and gave her a thumbs up. "Correct Miss Granger and what I mean is that I don't believe you when you said you didn't check me and my glorious abs out." "What?" she chuckled pouring hot water into the two mugs. "And why exactly would you think I would want to check you of all people out?" He lifted his hands into the air and flicked his wrists down, pointing to his chest, "Let's be real here Mione." He nodded his closing his eyes and pointing down to his abs. He opened his eyes to find a giggling Hermione staring at him with an eyebrow raised. "You really do think quite highly of yourself don't you?" She pulled the tea bags out of the cups and threw them away looking back at Fred for a second awaiting his answer. "I mean I was just kidding." He said leaning back and putting his arms behind his head. "But yes, yes I do think highly of myself." He grinned cheekily and she smirked bringing over the steaming tea. He sipped into it being careful not to burn himself, again, and sighed in containment. Hermione always made the best tea in his opinion. His mum's was always too hot, Georges too 'inventive' with weird ingredients, and Ron's too plain. "What were you doing on the third floor? Why didn't you use the fifth floor one next to Ginny's room?" "Ginny fell asleep on the toilet or died." She sipped at her cup, furrowing her brows thoughtfully. "Either that or she just takes a lifetime to use the John." Fred laughed and looked outside the window next to him. Today will be a good day he thought, drinking more of his tea. The sun was just starting to rise up over the burrows vast yard and there was a nice breeze coming in through the window. The sky was very calming as clouds drifted above in the sky making swirling magical shapes and illusions. Fred turned and saw Hermione had pulled her legs up to her chest and was sitting looking out the window drinking her tea slowly and gazing upon the world around her. The atmosphere that surrounded them was calm, peaceful, and quiet. Something you pretty much never get while in a Weasley house. Fred was just about to comment on it when a bustling woman came into the kitchen. The plump lady had her hair in curlers and was wearing a night robe with and a pair of old slippers. She was startled to see the two teens sitting at the table and jumped when she realized she wasn't the only one downstairs. The woman placed a hand over her heart and pushed up her thin, brown, spectacles to the top of her nose to see who could be awake at this hour. "George? Hermione?! What are you two doing up right now?" "Mum I'm Fred and we were just chatting while having a cup of tea." "Yes, yes dear," she said starting to move and bustle around the kitchen. "Sorry Fred. Why are you up this early to 'chat' though? I can barely get you and your brothers up by 9:00 and that's if I'm lucky and happen to have food cooking. So what on earth are you doing in my kitchen at 7:30 in the morning?" Mrs. Weasley narrowed her eyes at her son and pointed a spoon in his direction. "What are you up to young man?" Fred's eyes widened and he put a hand on his heart in mock hurt. "Moi? Up too something?" "Yes you. You better have not planted one of those wretched pranks of yours again or so help me-" "I didn't do anything mum, honest." She looked towards Hermione who nodded her head vigorously supporting his claim. Mrs. Weasley didn't look quite convinced but nevertheless went back to her cooking. "Thank you." Fred said looking over at Hermione. She just nodded a bit and smiled. "Why were you up though?" She asked looking at him. "I went to the loo you saw. Well I mean; you didn't 'see' see, but ah, bloody hell, you know what I mean." "Language young man!" Mrs. Weasley shouted to Fred who immediately held his hands up in mock surrender and apologized. "No I know you went to the loo, I'm not daft, but why so early? I almost always go to the bathroom then and I've never seen you go then." "Oh I had a very large water before bed." Said Fred chuckling slightly. "I had tried out one of our new products and it sort of dried me out so I drank too much and then didn't go to the loo before bed." He smiled sheepishly at her while she shook her head slowly tutting at him. It was about 8:15 when Molly had finished making breakfast. Amazing smells wafted into the living room where Hermione sat reading on a couch her legs sprawled out on the couch and her feet on Fred's lap. He sat back listening to something Hermione called a CD player. It was a small device that somehow played music through a pair of little speakers that went over your ears. Hermione had put a slim disc into the player and Fred had sat back enjoying the lovely sounds coming from the muggle contraption. Hermione looked up from her book when she heard pounding footsteps on the stairs and a flash of red hair fly past her. "Hey Ginny how're you this morning?" "Never better." The red headed girl said flashing her friend a smile. She started moving things around and surveying the room. "Actually; have you seen my jumper?" "Which one?" Hermione asked putting a bookmark into her story and closing it. "You only have, what, a million of them?" "Oh har, har." The youngest Weasley said getting on all fours and looking behind a couch. "It's Harry's blue one. It's got a pocket in the front and he let me borrow it over the summer." "Already lost it have you then?" she asked with a chuckle. "Yes. As a matter of fact I have." Ginny said irritably giving Hermione a fierce glare. 'Now are you going to sit on your arse all day or are you going to help me?" Hermione sighed and went to get up but couldn't move. "Fred. Let go of my feet." "No." "Fred please. This is Ginny we're talking about." "So." "Do you really want to be on the receiving end of one of her bat bogey hexes?" The prankster let go of her feet immediately and she stood up chuckling at how afraid he was of his 15 year old sister. "Okay Gin. Where's the last you had that blasted jumper?" "I think in my room." "Why are you down here than?" Hermione asked giving her a confused look. "That's a good question… Hmmm… I don't know. I guess I thought it might have just maybe happened to get down here." "Yes Gin. Great thinking." Hermione said sarcastically grabbing the red heads hand and running upstairs. When they didn't come back after about 10 minutes Fred got bored and ran up to his room to get ready for the day and wake everyone else up. When he walked into the room George was once again asleep, his arms and legs sprawled literally everywhere. He was snoring loudly and mumbling indistinguishable words. Fred knelt next to his twin, "George." He slapped his brother lightly on the face a couple of times. "Oi Georgie!" He said louder this time. "Time to rise and shine brother-o-mine." George moved his hand away and waved his own hand indicating for Fred to leave. "Too early." "Don't be an arse Georgie. I'll pour water on your head if you don't get up." Georgie threw up the middle finger to his brother and turned the other way. "Suit yourself." Fred mumbled quietly. " Aguaminti." Water poured from his wand and soaked his now very awake brother. "Ah Forge what the bloody hell was that all about you slimy git?!" "I told you that I'd soak you if you didn't get up Forge now be a big boy and put on some trousers. Breakfast is ready and waiting." Fred quickly changed into some jeans and a tee shirt not even bothering to do his hair. "I'm going to get you for this." Said George standing up dripping with water. "Come get me." Said Fred with a large smirk. "But if I were you I'd be careful about anyone seeing you in those white, now transparent boxers." George looked down at his soaked underwear and got even more upset. "Why you little-" He lunged out to get Fred but with a wink and the twirl of his wand, Fred had already apperated downstairs. Not