Hi guys so I'm starting a new story... But I am determined that this one won't end up like my other stories. You see every so often I get in the mood to start a new fanfic but after about 3 chapters I get bored and loose interest. However I've figured out why that is. For my other two stories I rushed straight into them making up the characters and plot as I went along. But for this story I took the time to plan it out, I know who all the characters are and what is going to happen. I'm really excited for this story and I'm really excited to introduce my OC's; Ciaran Wood, Annie Johnston, Kensington Line, Christopher Wilson, Julianne Wilson, Ethan Wilson and the main character of this story Aaliyah Now this is a JamesPotterXOC Disclaimer: I do not own Harry Potter and never will. I am simply borrowing the amazing world and characters created by J.K Rowling for this story. All I own are the OC's listed above. The Journey is Half the Fun Aaliyah felt a bubble of excitement build up inside her as she got closer to the platform. Her mum and her dad trailed along behind as her and her brother Christopher took part in their annual race to see who could get to the platform first. Although Christopher was seventeen and was hours away from starting his last year at Hogwarts, he was not above racing to platform 9 3/4 like a first year. But Aaliyah wouldn't have it any other way and it felt odd to think that next year she would have to do it on her own. However all her sentimental thoughts were forgotten when she spotted the pillar between platforms 9 and 10. She broke into a sprint. Pushing her trolley at a dangerous speed to try and reach the platform first. But this year, like ever year, they ran through the barrier at the exact same time. Aaliyah still wasn't sure if this was because even though Christopher was a year older, they were evenly matched athletically or if he just let her win. The latter seemed highly unlikely though as all of the Wilsons were extremely competitive, her parents included. Aaliyah examined her surroundings, her eyes scanning the crowd for her friends. Despite the fact that her family were early, the platform was packed as always. Her mother sniffed and seemed to be searching her purse for a hanky ' Oh Christopher, I can't believe it's your last year. It feels like just yesterday we were dropping you off for the first time and now its the last time'. Her dad chuckled 'We're going to have to drop them off again at Christmas and Easter Julianne' her mum seemed to think it over for a moment 'I suppose your right, now come here darlings I want a hug before you go' her mother laughed before pulling them in to an extremely tight hug. 'Mum, you know you can let go now' Christopher laughed. Their mother flushed but released them nonetheless. Aaliyah went over to her dad and gave him a quick hug. He ruffled her hair 'Have a good year princess and remember no boys!' she rolled her eyes. She'd been on about five dates during her whole time at Hogwarts and had never had a boyfriend. Mostly because of her over protective brother who scared them all off. Her dad gave Christopher a hug and gave him the usual speech about how he needs to protect me from boys. Her mother tutted 'Come on now Ethan, let the girl have some fun' she turned to me with a devilish grin 'Ignore your father dear, you go and have a great year'. Christopher must have decided this was a good time to make our escape because he grabbed her arm and said ' Oh look there's the Potters, come on Lea let's go say hello' and dragged her off Once they were a safe distance away from their parents she turned to Christopher ' Did you really spot the Potters or were you just trying to get away'. 'Both' he said cheerfully and pulled her in the direction of the Potters before she could object. It's not that she had a problem with the Potters she actually greatly admired Harry and Ginny Potter for their roles in the war and the fact that Mrs. Potter used to play for her favourite Quidditch team the Holyhead Harpies didn't hurt either. She didn't have a problem with Albus Potter either, they were in the same year and shared a lot of classes together and even though he's a Slytherin and she's a Griffindoor they got on quite well. She didn't know Lily Potter very well but she had always seemed very sweet. The only Potter she truly had a problem with was James Potter. Even though he was one of her brother's best friends and his cousin Rose was one of Aaliyah's closest friends they didn't get on at all. When Aaliyah was a first year before she had made friends with the girls in her dormitory she used to tag along with her brother and his friends. Christopher of course had no problem with this but James Potter didn't try hard to hide how much her presence annoyed him. She could of got over this if it wasn't for the fact that he still acted like this whenever she talked to her brother. The fact that she had been subjected to many of his pranks didn't help his case either. Christopher thinks her dislike of Potter is irrational but she thinks it's one of the most rational decisions he's ever made. Aaliyah who had been so caught up in thinking about her reasons for hating James Potter that she didn't realise that they'd already reached the three Potter siblings. Christopher was already animatedly talking to the eldest Potter who hadn't seemed to notice her presence yet, because he hadn't made any comments about how she needs to find her own friends. She stood to the side awkwardly, wondering if perhaps Christopher wouldn't notice if she was to discreetly turn around and sprint in the other direction. As if sensing her thoughts Albus gave her the perfect excuse to leave ' Rose is over there with her parents if you were wondering' he said kindly. She gave him a grateful smile 'Thanks Albus'. 'Christopher I'm gonna go talk to Rose now' he gave her a nod 'See on the train' she smiled and walked towards Rose. 'See ya Wilson' she stopped dead on her tracks. She couldn't have heard correctly, James Potter did not just say goodbye to her. She turned around and saw that Christopher had a huge smile on his face, probably hoping that they had decided to bury the hatchet and get along, Lily Potter had a knowing grin on her face that Aaliyah definitely didn't want to know the reason for, Albus looked downright confused and James Potter was looking at her expectantly. She raised a brow 'Um.. see ya Potter' she said although it came out as more of a question. She gave an awkward wave to the group and walked in the direction Albus had said Rose was in. All the while wondering what on earth had just happened. After finding Rose and saying a quick hello to her parents and her brother Hugo, the two girls went off to find Annie and Kensy, the other two girls that made up their group. They searched for the girls for a few minutes but couldn't find them anywhere on the platform. Rose scratched her head 'Maybe they've already found a compartment' she nodded. They walked through the train till Aaliyah heard a giggle that unmistakably belonged to Kensy. Aaliyah nodded her head in the direction of the compartment 'Reckon they're in there' Rose shrugged 'Worth a shot'. They walked in to the compartment and Aaliyah wasn't sure if she should laugh or cover her eyes. Out of the corner of her eye she could see Rose's hand shoot up to cover her mouth and her face turn the colour of her hair. Kensy was in the compartment but the person she was with was most definitely not Annie. Kensy currently sat snogging Leo Corner, a Ravenclaw in their year. Aaliyah cleared her throat 'I hate to interrupt but..'. Kensy untangled herself from Leo and she had the decency to look embarrassed 'Oh..um..hi guys'. Aaliyah shook her head, always the same. If there was anything Aaliyah had learned about Kensington Line in their 6 years of friendship it was that she had one weakness, boys. Oh yeah and that she won't take it kindly if you call her by her full name. That said you could also say that Kensy was the weakness of many of the boys at Hogwarts. Kensy had shoulder length, wavy blonde hair and chocolate brown eyes the same colour as Aaliyah's hair. Despite living in England she had a perfect tan and a dazzling smile that could make any boy swoon. Kensy let out an awkward laugh, 'Leo, maybe you should go now' she winked 'But we can finish 'catching up' later'. After Leo left Rose and Aaliyah sat down across from Kensy. 'Seriously Kensy, you really couldn't wait till school started' Rose scolded, 'Just passing the time, took you long enough to get here'. Aaliyah sat forward 'You seriously amaze me, school hasn't even started yet and you've already managed a quick snogging sesion, while I can't even get a date'. Rose patted her shoulder 'It's not that no one wants to date you, lots of guys do, it's just..' 'Your super fit older brother scares them all off' Kensy finished for her cheerfully. Aaliyah grimaced 'Eww Kense that's my brother your talking about'. Kensy had the nerve to laugh 'A girl can look' she pouted 'But don't worry I'll keep my hands to my self'. Aaliyah heard a snort behind her and the door slid open to reveal Annie Johnston, the missing member of their group. She walked into the compartment, her curly, black hair bouncing behind her and her bottle green eyes shining with amusement, 'Please, you couldn't keep your hands to yourself if your life depended on it'. Kensy, being mature as always, stuck her tongue out at her 'Could to'. Aaliyah shared a look with Annie and Rose and they all burst out laughing. After their laughter had died down Aaliyah addressed the girls 'So how was everyone's summers'. Rose shrugged 'The usual, spent lots of time at the Burrow and at the Potters house. Dad took me and Hugo to see that Quidditch match I was telling yous about, the Canons against the Arrows'. 'Was it any good' she asked. Rose grimaced 'The Canons lost 320-30, Dad didn't talk to anyone for a week' The girls all laughed they knew all about Mr. Weasley's obsession with the Canons. Kensy leaned forward a devilish grin on her face 'Well you guys know how I spent most of the summer in Italy right?' the all nodded 'Well I met this guy..'. Aaliyah held up her hand 'Stop right there missy, we've had enough of your sexual escapades for one day' Kensy rolled her eyes but Annie looked confused. After Rose filled her in on what they had witnessed she laughed 'Well I didn't meet any hot Italians or snog any Ravenclaws' she added as an after thought 'But mum and dad took me and Richard to Disneyland' Aaliyah stared at her blankly and was relieved to see Kensy doing the same. Must be a muggle reference she thought. When Annie saw the girls confusion she explained to them that it's a muggle park with rides and such. Rose, whose mother is a muggleborn like Annie, nodded in agreement. 'Sounds very fun' she supplied kindly still not completely understanding why muggles have a theme park