Chapter 1 "When your seconds away from dying, or watching a friend die...you just don't know what that's like." The assembled students in the Hogs Head were shocked to silence. Harry Potter, the boy who lived, and the boy who had lost his mind in the maze last year was presenting himself naked in front of his fellow students. He sounded desperate, and defeated. It was in this moment that some of the students were stirring. This wasn't some ploy for attention, or an attempt to usurp the Ministry like they had been told. Whatever had happened to the last Potter, it was deep, and it was scarring. Something had changed the young heroic boy, and the man that stood before them was attempting to save them, though they had done nothing to deserve it. A young head red head, whom was in Harry's year stood in the back of the room in deep thought. Her Auntie was unsure of what exactly had happened at the end of the Triwizard Cup, and Dumbledore had blocked her off at every attempt to get in contact with the young man. Susan had tried to reserve her judgment about Harry, she had once fallen prey to the rumor mill that entranced the magical world, and she misjudged the boy then, but now she did not want to misjudge the man in front of her. Susan Bones was many things, but a fool was not one of them. She knew from what her Auntie had told her, Harry was almost dismissed from the Wizarding World just before the start of term for simple underage self defensive magic, which was undoubtedly used to counter a dementor. Her Aunt had questioned as to how she knew that he hadn't just used it to show off, but Susan knew the boy well enough to know that wasn't his style. Harry Potter had a short temper, and if he was going to get in trouble for underage magic she had no difficulty believing that it would be a blasting charm to some stupid muggles face. She didn't know how much of the rumor mill was true, but she knew that every rumor had to hold some truth to it, and if even one of the stories about Harry Potter was real, he was an incredibly powerful young wizard, with a decent fortune to inherit when he became of age. He was no millionaire by any means, but he certainly had enough money to buy himself some better clothes, or some private lessons to fix his grades in theory. Had Harry been in Hufflepuff Susan would have tried to befriend Harry Potter, and maybe even ask him some of the questions that she at times pondered when he came up at the dinner table conversations. However she was not friends with Harry Potter, yet here he was offering to, if nothing else save her grade from a failing practical OWL. Looking at her best friend Hannah next to her she knew that the girl was much more interested in the drama then the grade, but also knew that she would want the grade. Every person in the room had different opinions about Harry Potter, but at one point or another they had all seen his clever abilities, or superior wand work. The Triwizard tournament certainly proved that he was capable if nothing else. When Hermione stood at the end of her tirade she turned to gathered students, "Whether you believe Harry's story or not, Umbridge has to be stopped. I am not proposing any actions against her, but if you want to past your practicals Harry is your best shot. He covered every spell up to NEWTs last year to help him survive the tournament, and he was able to teach Ron and I most of these spells. He is a capable teacher...I have a contract here that says you won't rat any of us out to Umbridge. If you sign it, I will give you a fake galleon that will heat up when we have decided a time and place to meet. If you don't decide to sign you can leave now, and forget this ever happened." Not many people cleared out, but nearly everyone was at the very least interested in what Harry would teach them, so by the end of the day there were lots of signatures on Hermione's paper. Susan wasn't surprised to see lots of Ravenclaw names on it. Everyone knew that they would ace the theoretical portions, but if they wanted to get their outstanding, they would need the actual practical to get it. Susan and Hannah got in line standing behind Cho Chang who was attempting to give Potter her doe eyes. Susan rolled her eyes a bit knowing that Cho was a bit of a psycho obsessive, especially when it came to her powerful wizards. A bit of the teenage girls heart throbbed at the thought of her friend Cedric she had lost just six months, but shook it off hoping that he was in a better place, and also importantly, away from Cho. As people were clearing out Susan was trying to explain to Hannah that she just wanted a quick word with Harry before they headed back to more popular side of the village. Unfortunately convincing her very blonde best friend of anything wasn't the easiest task in the world, and that wasn't the only obstacle in her way. When she approached the table again that Hermione, Ron, and Harry were quietly talking at they all went quiet when she got within ear shot. Ron and Harry looked expectantly at her, while Hermione smiled at her, "Hey Susan, glad to see you signed your name on the list. Did you have a question or...?" Susan understanding that she was kind of interrupted something said, "I was just wondering if I could have a word with Harry." Ron protectively said, "Anything you need to say to Harry you can say to us to. He's my best mate, he is going to tell me anything you say anyways." Hermione bit her lip, like she always did when she wanted to give someone a only half way pacifistic answer, "Harry just had a bit of a rough meeting, can't it wait?" Clearly being annoyed Harry rolled his eyes, "Harry can speak for himself, thanks. Is it important Susan?" Susan was biting her lip nervously now, she had never been under the pressure of Harry's watchful green eyes before, "Uhhh, no it wasn't important, I will just ummm, talk to you later, yeah?" Harry glared at his best friends, "I was just leaving actually, mind if I walk you out?" Susan smiled a bit, but felt her confidence waver under the glaring eyes of Hermione and Ron, "Its really okay Harry, I don't mean to intrude. I just had some questions for you, it really isn't that important! I will just see my self out, Hannah is waiting for me at the door." Harry nodded his head, "If your sure then. Will I see you at the next meeting?" The girl tucked a bit of her hair behind her ear smiling, "Yes, I do believe you will. See you around Harry!" With that the girl turned around and walked over to her best friend guiding her out to the door. The blonde whom had seen the conversation unfold immediately busted out her questions the second the cold air was on their faces, "Merlin! If Hermione and Ron weren't so damn up tight Potter might have more friends around our parts! And what was with that all that tucking your hair behind your ear, and smiling, and stuttering? I mean seriously what are you 12?" If it was possible Susan's cheeks would've turned a deeper stage of red, but the freezing cold weather kept her pride in tact, "Hannah Rebekah Abbot! Don't you dare lecture me on my actions in front of Harry, after you all but accused him of attacking Justin in second year. Also should I remind you the last time that Cormac Mclaggen tried to talk to you, I had to all but carry you out of the room." Hannah swore, "You promised never to speak of that again!" Grinning the red haired girl spiked out, "I fight dirty to defend myself!" "Fine fine! I won't attack you or your school girls crush sorry!" Hannah held her hands up in mock surrender. Susan tried to glare at the girl further, but the brutality of the winter storm was overwhelming, which made the two girls decide to head back to the castle a bit early. The nervous students gathered in the large room hesitantly. None that gathered had ever been in this room before, in fact most did not even know it existed until about 30 seconds before entering the room. Harry had not told them how to open the room, or what he did to make it appear, but it was clear that the boy with the scar once again had a well kept secret. Susan and Hannah were among the nervous tonight. Susan's aunt was the head of the Department Magcal Law Enforcement, and if she were caught in this group tonight she would be in big trouble with not just the school, but her aunt as well. It was now against Hogwarts student code of conduct to be in unsanctioned groups. The result of being caught could be expulsion, and that was not something any member of the Bones family had ever had to endure, yet she was still there, hoping for something worth her while. Harry stood in front of assembled group with a neutral expression on his face. Flanking his left and right were his usual best friends that were always at his side, and they both at least had a bit happier expressions. Hermione was of course the one who got the ball rolling, "Thank you everyone for coming out. Believe me, we know and appreciate the risk you are taking to be here, so we will try to make it worth your time and dismiss you in groups to ensure that you won't be caught out in corridors, and that you will be back before curfew." Mandy Brocklehurst from Ravenclaw rose her hand sarcastically, and asked, "How exactly are you going to do that? The whole not getting us caught thing?" Harry speaking for the first time tonight, "You won't be caught. Trust me." Some murmurs and whispers came from the group, and Herimione bit her lip as if she wanted to say something to Harry, but shook her head and continued, "Anyways, I think before we get started we should come up with a name. Something to call ourselves, I also think we should elect a leader." Harry's eyes flashed with annoyance as he gave Hermione a look Susan was becoming all to familiar with, while Neville asked timidly, "I thought Harry was going to be the leader?" Ernie nodded speaking out, "Yeah, no thanks Granger, your brilliant and all, but I don't think I want practical lessons from a text book!" Hermione flushed, and Ron spoke up, "She was just suggesting it McMillan, we will both be voting for Harry, but its a formality, don't be a git!" Ernie blushed a bit, and nodded his head. Hermione then asked, "So all in favor of making Harry the leader?" Most of the hands went up, and when Hermione asked for other nominees the room was quiet, meaning the one's whom had not raised their hands had been abstained from the vote, "Right then. Now a name? I was thinking something simple, and something that would make an easy acronym." Silence enveloped the room so Ron spoke to the group, "If no one has any ideas we discussed a few. Dumbledore's Army, which would be kind of a shot at the Ministry as a joke. We thought Defense Association, and also Potter's Marauders?" There were