(A/N) This is going to be my unique take on the catalyst events that would be caused if Voldemort would have taken Harry. Daphne Greengrass will be the pairing with Harry in this story, though Susan Bones will be apart of the love scheme as well. He will not turn back to the light, he will remain dark throughout the stories entirety. He will be good friends with Draco Malfoy and Theodore Nott. The Weasly family except for Ginny will be bashed, but Harry and Ginny will not be friends. Dumbeldore will be the main antagonist from finish to end. Read, Review, and Enjoy! Chapter 1 (Third Person perspective) It was a cold Halloween night in 1981. The small cottage of Godric Hallow was bustling with activity. Lily and James Potter had just returned from a very long night out, with the respectable God father and honorary uncle watching over their one year old child. When on the run from a mad man, one must take every opportunity to get out of the house, if only the other three marauders knew what would take place only hours after their departure they would've stood beside their friends until the end, however that was not the case. A young man with great power strolled through the gates of Godric Hallow, he recognized the home of what has always held such pure blood and great power for centuries with much respect. He did not wish to wipe out the Potter line, but he knew he had no choice, they could not be convinced to leave the conniving leader of the lights side, and such idiotic loyalty came with a price. Tom Riddle sighed as he plunged into the great abyss of power. With a flick of his wand the front door shot open to reveal a startled young man in his early twenties, fresh out of Hogwarts if the Dark Lord wasn't mistaken, such a pity it was to make such pure blood flow. "Listen to me James Potter, put your wand down, you know you stand no chance against my power. I will not ask much of you, just that you put your faith in me. I will not ask you to even fight for me, just to lay down your wand and stay out of this war, it is not between you and I, but between myself and an old fool. All I need in return is to place blood magic on your son, it will do no harm to him I will make a wizards oath on it. You know the prophecy and we can prevent it, there is no need for such blood shed." Riddle knew the death eaters would not appreciate letting one of their long time rivals and auror James Potter walk away, but the Potters were connected to a house almost as old as his own, the house of Godric Gryffindor. Voldemort respected pure bloods very much, he did not want to end such an ancient and noble line. James Potter refused to lower his wand however, "Albus Dumbledore is the greatest sorcerer to ever live. I will never waver in my faith in the light, just like my father and his father before me. I will not hand you my son. Bombarda!" Half the house ripped apart with the amount of power the heir to Godric Gryffindor poured into his single spell. Voldemort lazily however threw a shield in his defense. He heard him shout, "Lily protect Harry upstairs, now, run!" At the corner of the house Tom Riddle saw a flash of red hair dart up the staircase furthest from the door, but his years of dueling experience taught him to never take his eyes off of his opponent. The dark lord was quickly running out of patience for the young pure blood however, "This is your last chance, my next spell is on the tip of my tongue, don't be a fool!" James Potter barked, "Go to hell! AVADA KEDARA!" If the dark lord didn't train so many hours in his childhood to avoid nasty curses he would've been a dead man...well temporarily a dead man. If someone would've told him an heir to the noble house of lions would cast the darkest spell known to wizarding kind at him, he would've laughed and crucio'd them till they couldn't breathe. But here they were, and James Potter was using unforgivable curses. Voldemort didn't hesitate, without any words being said a sickly green light shot from his wand and killed the auror with such speed he couldn't even blink. The Dark Lord sighed and began to move up the stairs with haste, he knew Dumbledore would be here any moment, then the game would be over. He saw the room with a small light on at the end of the hall and heard a baby faintly whimper. With a controlled bombarda he blew the door off its hinged, cutting straight through ever ward Lily Potter attempted to put up. When he walked into the baby's room his heart vaguely clenched. A young mother wasn't even going to raise her wand to him. He steeled his nerves however and moved forward, "Mudblood, you taint the fine lines of Godric Gryffindor, that however is insignificant compared to the task I have set about tonight. Stand aside and both your son and you will live. To that I would be willing to swear, I will not give you a second chance like I did for your husband." With that the girl broke into sobs cradling her lightly sobbing baby as if it was her last lifeline. She gently grabbed a picture of herself and James Potter and slowly met the Dark Lords eyes, "Only in death will we be united. I will not hand my child over to you willingly." Faster than expected she transfigured the picture into her wand and blasted Voldemort in the shoulder with a powerful reducto curse, the Dark Lord managed a faint shield, but it wasn't enough to make the curse obsolete. Lily Potter was already speaking another charm when the Dark Lord shot a dark green light straight towards her chest causing her to collapse to the floor, taking baby Harry Potter with her. The Dark Lord let out a strangled breath of air as he approached the baby, "It wasn't supposed to be this way. They call me a dark man, the most evil of our kind, but I wasn't always this way. I was once a caring young man, but the muggles turned me into this, they made me crave blood and power, I am so sorry. But I won't give up, I have come to far now, I will be immortal, I will finish Albus Dumbledore, I will remold the world in my image, and I swear to you your death will not be in vain. Goodbye Harry James Potter." Then those green eyes connected with his Dark Brown eyes and he somehow knew the curse wasn't going to come out right. In the future he would look back on this moment thinking it was the best mistake he ever made, but he did it, "Avada Kedavra." It was near a whisper and the green light that came out of his wand connected with the young childs forehead, yet it did nothing. The child screamed as if the Dark Lord had destroyed its favorite toy and not its entire body. The only proof that Voldemort had cast a killing curse at the boy was a short lightning shape scar that went curved down his forehead. Voldemort stared in awe at the boy. He quickly ran medical diagnostics on the infant, his heart rate was through the ceiling, but he was alive, and his magical aura had increased by the ten fold. The Dark Lord couldn't believe it, the boy had survived the killing curse. He then did a test on the room and found the very reason why he survived. He could now clear as day detect the blood magic of Lily Potter. She hadn't been able to finish, he recognized the ritual, had she finished it would've killed him, but he interrupted her just in time. Now the boy was alive, and a potentially powerful threat. The Dark Lord looked at the boy who was crying for his mother, he knew it would only be justice to take the boys life at this point. He raised his wand once again, but there were several faint pops in the distance. He pointed the Phoenix feather wand straight at the boys heart this time and he heard people enter the house. His hand began shaking, the footsteps were becoming louder and faster. On a last second decision the Dark Lord cast the most powerful disillusionment charm he knew and hid in the corner. Two young wizards entered the room with an old man behind them. Young Sirius Black and Severus Snape were with a much older and senile Albus Dumbledore. Siruis Black was a sobbing mess as he fell to the floor observing young Harry Potter. Snape however looked even more devastated as he looked over the body of the one women he ever loved. Dumbledore however was sweeping the room checking it for magical signatures, then he studied the young boy with great curiosity before deciding, "Severus look at the boy. He has a lightning bolt scar of the likes I have never seen. Magical diagnostic indicates the impossible, can you find the same discoveries in which I have?" Severus was barely able to tear his eyes from the women he loved when he cast the diagnostic, "It is impossible headmaster, the Dark Lords magic must be over running this room with power." Sirius who was forced a calming draught by the headmaster looked at the scar with anger, "I have never seen such foul magic before. It may not have been the killing curse he was hit with, but the Dark Lord obviously failed to kill him and ran away when we arrived." Snape scowled, "The Dark Lord would never run, if he decided to leave the child alive it was with great reason." Sirius perked up, "You don't think that young Harry could've deflected the curse through something Lily did perhaps?" Snape studied the child and the room once again, his eyes lingering on Lily Potters lifeless body, "It is possible, I can see no other explanation as to why the Dark Lord would leave the child alive, it was his whole purpose of slaying the Potters on this night." Voldemort had his wand posed preparing to strike both Black and Dumbledore if he needed to, but there was no need just yet, he wanted to see how this played out. Dumbledore then spoke clearly, "The Dark Lord is still alive. The Pr-...The signs are he fled upon our arrival, the detonators you and Remus created were ingenious Sirius. Making it sound like many apparators had arrived on the scene may have saved young Harry's life." Sirius calmly stated, "I will take Harry and set up a Fidelius in one of the Black properties over seas, Albus we should've never let Lily make one of us the secret keeper. You can be mine, I have the utmost faith that you will not give away the boy or myself." Dumbledore nodded his head slowly, "That is an excellent idea Sirius, but first you must go hunt down Peter and bring him to us at headquarters." Sirius and Snape both exchanged strange looks as even Young Tom Riddle was scratching his head at the stupidity of that statement. Sirius spoke first, "Headmaster with all due respect my first responsibility is to Harry, I need to take him out of here, before the Dark Lord returns with back up." Snape then voiced his agreement, "I will hunt down Pettigrew and drag him to headquarters headmaster. Black is right for once...He must protect the boy he is our only hope."