A/N: For those of you who don't follow me on WP, I will be updating my True Blood story again, but I'm having some technical difficulties at the moment. The notebook I have it all saved on has decided to be a total brat and I don't have the funds to fix it right now. Because I shattered the screen on my phone (which, by the way, I dare any of you not to instinctively toss your phone when a three inch long bug lands on it), it basically came down to a choice between buying a new phone or fixing my notebook. So, TPMK has been temporarily benched. The good news is, I had to find a way to keep myself entertained without it and I've been up to no good on my phone. I've actually got a few different stories in the works, but this was something I wrote tonight. It's just a small little one shot that my muse prodded me into writing and I decided to share it with you all. Just a reminder, I love reading your reviews, but I write to entertain myself, so if you don't like it? Well, that sucks, but please keep it to yourself because I happen to enjoy it! *snickers* Okay, I'll shut up now. Disclaimer: I do not own Twilight or any of the characters below. Stephanie Meyers proudly owns them all. I just have a country addiction and a soft spot for a certain tall, blonde Texan. Bella was different. Jasper noticed it the second she stepped off the plane from Italy. There was a strength there that had been sorely lacking when they left her behind in September, one stronger than steel. It was the kind of strength that only developed in people who had suffered at the world's hands, ones who had been beaten down and cut to pieces before they slowly got up and painstakingly pieced themselves back together. She had a darker aura than he remembered and an inner strength that hinted at the loss she'd been through, the betrayal and abandonment she tasted. Somehow, all that suffering had made her stronger. The agonizing pain the coven had dealt her with their actions had set her soul on fire and when the flame finally cooled, she had hardened into something that Jasper found strikingly beautiful. Instead of letting that fire consume her, she let it remold her. She was a survivor now, thanks to their actions, and Jasper noticed. How could he not? The first thing Bella did when she got off the plane in Port Angeles was call a family meeting. She then let Carlisle and Esme hug her before looking at Emmett. She stared at him for a long moment, feeling such a disturbingly complicated mess of emotions that Jasper couldn't make heads or tails of it. Her hard stare made Emmett shift uneasily and her disordered emotions settled a second before she finally took a step forward. Grabbing both Emmett and Rosalie by the hand, she started dragging them out the door of the airport while softly calling out over her shoulder, "I'm riding with Emmett and Rosalie. See you back at the house." An odd emotion rolled off of her as she confidently strode out the door, one Jasper couldn't quite place. He liked the way it felt, though. It was like something had grabbed hold of him and literally lifted his soul into the air and he was oddly disappointed when she was no longer in range, making his soul plummet back down to the earth. It was a hypnotic feeling, one that resonated with him on a fundamental level. For years, he'd been feeding off of Alice's happiness, tasting her addicting, dizzying emotions like they were dishes at a delicious buffet. Jasper filled himself with them, soaking them up like a sponge, but the emotion that he just felt from Bella? He hadn't taken hold of that, it had taken hold of him. It called to him, to some unknown part of him that he'd unintentionally buried. He could feel that part of him slowly opening its eyes and shaking off the last clinging tendrils of its deep slumber. He suddenly felt more aware than he had in decades, like Alice's fluffy emotions couldn't cloud his mind any longer. Edward gave him an odd, curious look, registering the sudden heightened clarity of his thoughts, and Jasper simply winked. Stunned by Bella's sudden departure, Carlisle and Esme waited until they could no longer hear her heartbeat before turning back to look at Alice and Edward with baffled expressions. They hadn't really known what to expect when they saw Bella again, but that was certainly not it. She'd implied they were family, her family, by calling for a family meeting and she even seemed glad to see them, but she'd left so quickly after getting off the plane that it left them unsettled. Edward merely shook his head, his eyes dark and a chaotic tangle of emotions rising in his chest. Alice, on the other hand, looked at them all sadly, her eyes lingering for a second on Jasper, and murmured, "Things are changing. Bella has picked a different path and the road she's chosen doesn't lead her back to Edward's side. That's over. She won't change her mind." While Esme and Carlisle argued quietly with Alice and Edward over what Alice had seen, Jasper's mind took off in a different direction entirely. He looked at the airport door again, deep in thought. Jasper was impressed, actually. Honestly, it wasn't easy to stand up to Alice and Edward, especially when facing them both at the same time. After so many years with the Cullens, he knew it was nearly impossible to stick to your guns about something when Alice was trying her damnedest to change the outcome of that decision and to think that Bella had done it... well, it was the type of thing that made him sit up and take notice. He finally figured it out at that moment, what that exhilarating emotion was that Bella felt as she walked out the door. It was freedom. She had felt so utterly free and, now that Jasper had tasted the feeling, he felt a soul deep craving for more. Jasper tuned back into the conversation happening around him when Carlisle asked Alice what else she had seen in the future. A sharp spasm of pain ripped through her that had him instinctively pulling her into his side. Looking conflicted, she glanced up at him before turning to look at Carlisle and somberly revealed, "She's forbidden me from looking. She knows I can't stop every vision, but she told me to stop searching for anything to do with her. Bella said I had the opportunity to step in every day after we left, to change the lonely path we set her on, and I didn't. Because I didn't put an end to her suffering, she says I don't have the right to seek out visions of her anymore." Alice finished that shocking announcement with a glare in Edward's direction and the action made Jasper instinctively pull away from her. Alice didn't even notice, too focused on mentally berating Edward. Jasper shook his head slightly in disappointment, realizing she still didn't understand the lesson Bella was trying to teach her. Alice's actions were her own and that was what Bella was trying to show her. She couldn't blame Edward for the choices she made. Alice never once told them how badly Bella was suffering without them and she could've put a stop to it all with a simple phone call. Her gift was triggered by choices and, out of all of them, Alice should've realized which of the bad choices that the Cullens made were solely her own. The house was eerily quiet when they finally followed Bella back to their old abode. At first, they all wondered if Bella had left, deciding to call it a day before they even made it to the driveway. Then their ears registered the sound of a heartbeat sedately pumping along and they followed the relaxing sound into the living room, where Emmett and Rosalie were sitting down on one of Esme's comfy, white sofas. They stilled in their tracks once their eyes sought out Bella's sleeping form, not quite believing what they were seeing. Bella was curled up in Rose's lap, her arms tightly wrapped around her neck and her face tucked into the crook of it. What shocked them even more was the venom clouding Rose's eyes and the way the fierce, normally stoic vampire clung to her in return. Rose looked up at them helplessly when they stopped in front of her, tightening her hold on Bella like she was afraid they would try to take the human away from her. Emmett's arm was tucked around her shoulders and he ran the fingers of his free hand gently through Bella's hair, a look of utter shame on his face that made their hearts clench. The soothing motion of his fingers slowed when they stilled in front of him and he glanced at them out of the corner of his eye before resuming his tender strokes. When Emmett finally spoke, his voice was uncharacteristically hoarse, "We never should've left. I only went along with you all because I thought it wouldn't be long before Edward changed his mind, but..." he swallowed thickly and the light sound seemed to thunder in their ears, "letting her believe we abandoned her without a backward glance? If we'd only been gone for a mere moment while she felt like that, it still would've been too long." Esme fell to her knees in front of him and gently reached up to caress his face, quietly reassuring him, "We would've made you leave, Emmett. You didn't have a choice." Emmett's eyes teared up and he roughly shook his head, arguing in a low voice, "You're wrong, Esme. I had a choice. Each and every single one of us did and Bella knows it . You couldn't have stopped me if I wanted to stay or return for her when I finally realized Edward wasn't coming back. I'm her brother. She expected me to be by her side, to support her when she felt like her world was caving in. She needed me and I wasn't there." His body shook with a silent sob and he choked out, "I hurt her the most. I hurt her more than Edward did. Love comes and goes. Family's supposed to stay." Esme stroked his cheek softly and looked at Bella, her eyes beginning to brim with venom as realization set in. Rose instinctively pulled Bella closer to her, shying away from Esme in a futile effort to protect Bella from anymore harm, and the involuntary movement tore a soft cry from Esme's throat. Jasper could practically see the thought that ran through Rose's mind when she shied away. It was a thought that often ran through his own over the last few months, one he hadn't been brave enough to voice out of fear of hurting Esme. Looking at Bella now and the way she clung to Rose in her sleep, Jasper felt a flicker of shame over not saying something sooner. He'd never had a chance to form a bond with Bella, so he hadn't felt right hurting someone he actually shared a bond with, but that newly awakened part of him tore into him at that moment, berating him for letting that sleeping angel suffer more than she should've. Even now, Jasper was tempted to say it, to say what he should've all those months ago, but he held his tongue yet again, this time with the belief that saying the words was simply unnecessary. Esme caught the accusing look Rose gave her and was undoubtedly silently asking herself what Jasper wished he had. What kind of mother leaves