" Now I watched when the Lamb opened one of the seven seals, And I heard one of the four living creatures say with a voice like thunder, " Come!" And I looked, and behold a white horse! And its rider had a bow, And a crown was given to him, and he came out conquering, and to conquer." -Revelation 6: 1-2 -Ω- You could say that Frank and Death had been scandalously, scandalously intimate during the past few months, and the teenaged boy would do little to argue with you. It was a bit scary how accurate that little statement was, and it didn't just apply to Frank; it applied to everyone on the western side of the world, or at least, anyone left on the western side of the world. He plodded through New York City with a bandana wrapped around his mouth and nose, his eyes squinting around the heaps and heaps of dust that still lingered in the air, and tried to ignore the sun beating down on top of him, making him sweat and causing all of the bodies to fester and emit such a putrid smell that even the crows had been scared off. Without the huge black birds' constant calling, there was just silence. Silence and the sound of Frank's footsteps on the mangled cement. He picked his way over chunks of what had once been buildings, having to clamber through the skeletons of some of those that were still standing, and finally made it to where he needed to be. It was a place he'd pinpointed when he'd first surveyed the city, and he walked through the gaping hole in the east wall. At first, he'd been wary of ruffians and gangs that would no doubt form, but upon realizing that nobody had survived and that he was the only one, he strolled leisurely into every place he found. His stomach rumbled, but he disregarded it as he began to rifle through the aisles, which were packed and brimming with food. He saw, and smelled, for that matter, the rotting body of the cashier slumped over the counter, still in his loud, obnoxious blue vest, but ignored him as he picked his way through the dark aisles. The lights, of course, were off, and Frank had to rely on the sunlight coming from the hole in the wall in order to read the ingredients on the bags to make sure that there was nothing he was allergic to in there. Leave it to the lactose intolerant kid to survive all this. He thanked everyone and everything that in this day and age everything had preservatives in them, and he heaped as many things into his bag as possible, steering well clear from the rancid smell coming from the dairy aisle. He completely and totally ransacked the mini-mart's aisle that was titled "Essentials", because one only began to truly appreciate these essentials when they were gone. He finally managed to salvage a couple of toothbrushes and several tubes of toothpaste, as well as an overflowing amount of deodorant (which wasn't really needed since there was no one really around to smell his terrible body odor) , and a shampoo bottle. He hated to abandon this gold mine, but he wasn't a character on Skyrim; he couldn't carry every useful thing around with him. He soon got over his worry when he realized that he could always come back later; it wasn't like there was anyone else left to raid it. He bid the very much dead cashier farewell and slipped outside, taking a deep breath through his bandana and relishing the most-likely-toxic, post-apocalyptic air. As Frank weaved his way through the barren wreckage of what had once been a bustling city, he couldn't help but wonder why he had to be the one to survive. A newspaper skidded past, the bold headline making him chuckle: SCIENTISTS BELIEVE TO HAVE DISCOVERED CURE TO RAPIDLY SPREADING VIRUS It was dated about a year ago, and Frank knew just as well as everyone else that this "cure" would turn out to be a dud just like the rest. No cure had been able to be salvaged because people didn't live long enough to be studied for symptoms and the like; they simply died, though not before a black handprint-like shape appeared on their wrist, as if someone had grabbed them. Many people had theorized that it was a man-made sickness that was meant to be used for biological warfare, but it had broken loose from the lab and run rampant. These theorists had been too busy being dead to try and scheme about anything else, and Frank wondered if the virus had spread to any other continent. He sure hoped not. Frank continued on, his eyes scanning his surroundings warily as they picked out movement within the shadows. Packs of feral dogs were congregating, consisting of the poor saps who'd managed to survive the building collapses, and their gazes bored into Frank, slobber dribbling from their mouths and their ribs sticking out against their pelts. They were currently eying Frank like he was an all-you-can-eat buffet, and he began to jog, hoping to make it back to his camp before nightfall. He didn't know what would happen if he found himself out in the open during the nighttime, but he didn't want to find out; the feral dogs were wary in broad daylight, but they certainly wouldn't hesitate to pounce in the cover of darkness. Though the landscape seemed random and unfamiliar, Frank navigated easily, and pretty soon he was standing in front of the Old Dutch Church, staring up at the towering spires and the crack-riddled stained glass. The church wasn't old, or Dutch, for that matter, but he supposed that it was the thought that counted. Frank tromped up the cobbled path and up the stone steps, fumbling with the lock under the harsh scrutiny of stone angels, and finally pushed the huge wooden doors open with the groan of hinges in serious need of oiling. Frank stepped over the threshold and felt at home, or as at home as one could get when they were probably the only person left on Earth. He didn't know why he'd settled in a church, since he hadn't been the least bit religious before and certainly wasn't going to turn to religion now. Perhaps it was because it was the most intact building he could find, or perhaps he was just seeking an answer to the big fat Why? that hovered around him whenever he was alone with his thoughts, which was often. The church was by no means large, and Frank thought it to be quite cozy as he plopped his bag down on its respective pew, one of the handful that remained; all of the rest had been turned into either fuel for fire or into scrap wood used to patch up the many gaps in the walls and ceilings. He had yet to experience a winter under these news circumstances, but he knew he needed to cover as many holes as possible before that time rolled around and he froze to death. "What's up, Mr. D?" Frank greeted the opossum that had made its home in the rafters of the church and occasionally pooped on Frank's things. The rodent didn't reply, naturally, its nose twitching and its beady black eyes following Frank's every movement. Frank was pretty sure he had some form of rabies, but he didn't bother Mr. D and therefore Mr. D didn't bother him, though the 'D' in his name stood for Dipshit. "I raided that mini-mart I was talking about earlier. Got some good stuff." Mr. D had long since gone back to chewing on a stick, and Frank sighed, pinching the bridge of his nose. He turned his gaze to the decent-sized crucifix mounted above the altar. It could also serve as firewood, but Frank had decided that that would be taking it too far; he could only desecrate this church so much before he began to lose some of his humanity, and he wondered if he would go to hell for this. Then again, the big man upstairs hadn't really given him much of a choice, now did he? Frank unpacked his backpack, setting everything in their respective places (even though it was the apocalypse he still felt like he needed a system of organization), and began the long process of bathing and getting to bed. The best part about having a church as a place to set up camp was that it had a near-unlimited amount of candles and matches, as well as water for blessing and stuff. That "holy" water was Frank's bathtub, and even though it was cold, he couldn't find it in himself to complain as he scrubbed all of the dirt and dust off of his body. He dried himself off with a towel he'd snagged from a public pool and slipped on the clothes he'd been wearing every day for the past few months; sadly, he hadn't been able to find and raid a clothing store yet, and he was pretty sure his plaid shirt, his torn, faded jeans, and his boxers smelled awful, though he'd long since gone noseblind to the stench. He sighed and shuffled back to his things, running a hand through his damp hair and eying the pew that his sleeping bag was rolled out onto, his back already beginning to ache at the prospect of sleeping on it again. The colors on the beautiful stained glass windows were beginning to grow dimmer, the depictions of the sacred mysteries becoming nearly unrecognizable as the morning light faded, and Frank lit a candle to see by. He reclined back on the pew, which was packed full of blankets and other soft things that could serve as pillows, and looked up at the dim outline of the rafters, where Mr. D was beginning to move around a bit more. Frank turned and took one of his most treasured things in hand, the one thing he'd been able to salvage from the remains of his house, and forced back tears as he stared down at it. The button eyes of a stuffed bear stared back. He was a childhood memento, a little thing that Frank had kept on his bed because it brought back memories of when he was a kid. Now it was the only thing he had left; he hadn't even found any of his grandmother's things to keep or bury in her memory. They'd simply been buried too far under the rubble, along with Grandma Zhang herself, and Frank tried not to wonder if his grandmother had actually been alive when he'd sprinted home from school and found the house decimated. Tried not to wonder if she'd been calling softly to him as he desperately sifted through the rubble. Tried not to wonder if she'd cried when she'd heard his retreating footsteps and the sound of the city crumbling in the distance. He rubbed desperately at his eyes and hugged the stuffed bear to his chest. "Do you ever miss your family, Bear?" Frank asked, rolling his eyes at the name he'd given it, considering he'd long since forgotten the name he'd bestowed upon it when he was two. "I certainly do." Frank choked on a laugh, his words turning bitter. "I mean, you probably wonder if you're the last teddy bear on Earth, and your only company is someone or something you can't understand or talk to. You probably think that you're going to be alone forever. You probably think that you should just take that coil of rope in your backpack and swing by your neck to just get it over with." Tears streaked down Frank's cheeks as he slowly lowered himself onto his side and pulled the blankets up over his shoulders, though not before he extinguished the candle. For a while he just stared