The heat of August was beginning to gain momentum, and Percy awoke to a stifling hot cabin that might as well have been hovering over a pit of lava. His shirt was sticking to him uncomfortably, the sweat spots clear on the neckline and under his arms, and along with it came the feeling of being boiled alive in the stuffy air. Groaning softly, he kicked off the sheets (the comforter was already pooled at the foot of his bunk), and rolled out of bed. He stretched, sighing contentedly his back popped, and touched his toes before trudging off to start his morning routine, though he vaguely felt like he was forgetting something very important. The first thing that he did was throw open the windows and let some (slightly) cooler air circulate through the room, and for a moment he just watched the ocean gently lap at the shore, the waves undulating and in no hurry to erode all the sand, despite the fact that the magics placed there would keep the water from advancing. There was little itch at the back of Percy's skull, a small voice that was nagging him and telling him that he seriously needed to remember something, and that was a feeling that he'd come to despise after his little run in with Hera. He was too lazy to actually walk over to his dresser and get clothes out of it, so he made a grab for the ones that were closest to him, which just so happened to be a pair of shorts and a Camp Half-Blood T-shirt that passed the sniff test but only by a small fraction, and exchanged his ratty pair of boxers for them. He brushed his teeth, shaved, and by the time he was done with all of that he had lost the will to brush his hair. Knowing that Annabeth would just fix it for him, he plodded out of the Poseidon cabin while still half-asleep. He always hated the scalding heat of August; July was fine, the water a little cold and the days a little hot but still bearable, but August was like Satan had risen from the depths of Hell itself and was now licking Percy's back seductively. It was not a pleasant feeling. Knowing it would only get worse as the day progressed, he decided that he needed to get through all his activities quickly so he could retreat to the coolness of his cabin, which hopefully would become air conditioned towards the afternoon (courtesy of some volunteer wind spirits that had come from Camp Jupiter). It took him approximately five minutes to realize that there was absolutely nobody around, on top of the fact that no, it was not morning; by the position of the sun it looked closer to midday, and Percy started to panic. Usually, the camp would be all hustle and bustle at this hour, and someone would've undoubtedly woken him up if he'd slept in, but an eerie hush had blanketed the camp. Silence reigned, broken only by rocks crunching under Percy's shoes, the rustle of leaves in the trees as well as the chirping of the birds that lived in them, and the small pitter-patter of the fountains. There were no voices. No other footsteps besides his own. There wasn't even any form of racket coming from Cabin Nine or the Forge, and the children of Hephaestus were always making a racket. That was what officially made alarm bells go off in his head, and he quickly uncapped Riptide, allowing the sword to spring to its full length as he suspected an attack on the camp. If that was so, however, then why hadn't he been woken up to the sounds of battle? There weren't even any scuff marks on the ground, and everything seemed to be perfectly intact. In fact, the bonfire wasn't even reflecting menacing colors, and it blazed a happy orange from within its pit. He made his way throughout the camp, jumping at the slightest sounds and all of his senses on high alert. The mess hall was just as empty the amphitheater had been, and the rock climbing wall lay dormant, not even spewing lava like it usually did. The canoe lake was devoid of all boats, its surface undisturbed and glittering like scales in the noon sunlight, and the volleyball courts didn't hold any demigods fighting to best their opponents. The training arena was silent, all the blunt weapons (for the younger campers who still couldn't wield actual swords yet) neatly stacked and all the dummies where they should be, and the armory didn't have a single dagger out of place. Unease began to bloom in his stomach, and his searching became slightly more frantic. "Do you know where they went?" Percy demanded Blackjack as he patrolled the stables, searching for at least one person who may have been tending to the pegasi and Arion, who was visiting from Camp Jupiter along with Hazel and Frank. The horse was currently cussing at him and threatening that he'd rally all of the other pegasi and revolt if Percy didn't give him some gold nuggets, but the other pegasi just seemed content to ask Percy for donuts. Even Tempest had joined them, and he was asking Percy if he could have sprinkles on his Krispy Kreme. No idea, boss, Blackjack replied, tossing his head. Haven't seen anyone since this morning. Hey, do you mind mucking out my stall? Percy grimaced but complied, ignoring all of the other requests he was getting from the other occupants of the stables. He bid Blackjack farewell and trudged through the empty strawberry fields, not a satyr in sight, and finally made his way back to his cabin wondering what the hell was happening, though that lingering feeling of him forgetting something still lurked in the back of his mind. That's when something caught his eye, and when he bent down to investigate he found a trail of blue glitter going off in a seemingly random direction. Knowing that he could do nothing else but follow it, the son of Poseidon took off down the path. Was he going to face a monster who, when they died, blew up into blue glitter rather than golden dust? Had the Hecate cabin accidentally enchanted the glitter at the arts and crafts cabin to come alive and eat everyone? Percy shuddered at the thought and kept Riptide raised as he wove through the mess hall and followed the trail of glitter down to the beach. Why the beach? Percy was so consumed in his thoughts that he scared half to death when suddenly a chorus of voices shouted, "SURPRISE!" He stumbled back, waving Riptide frantically, and fell back on his butt. Much to his delight and disgust, he was engulfed by a tidal wave of blue glitter; it was pretty, but he'd probably be washing it out of his hair for days now. He looked up to see every demigod he'd ever had the privilege of knowing standing in front of him, and they all war similar expressions of amusement. Percy looked past the assembled group to see streamers, balloons, and other party favors decorating the beach, and a pile of presents was pushed off to the side. "Wha-?" Percy asked, bewildered, and Annabeth broke away from the group to help haul him to his feet. "Please don't tell me you forgot your own birthday," she groaned, casting her eyes heavenwards as if she was asking the gods why she was stuck with a total moron for a boyfriend. Oh. That's what he'd been forgetting. "Otherwise I'll take off my shoe and beat you with it." "Then I won't tell you," Percy replied, a bit startled. He most certainly didn't want to be beaten by Annabeth's shoe. Leo muttered something frightened-sounding, and from the Spanish that Percy had picked up from working with him and Reyna, he seemed terrified about " la chanclas ". "Come on, Seaweed Brain," Annabeth chided and began dusting him off, making a disgusted sound when she realized that he hadn't brushed his hair. She fixed it up with a few quick swipes of her hands. "By the way, we found a message written in the sand from your dad saying happy birthday. He couldn't be here, though 'cause he said he had a problem to deal with. And Reyna had to stay behind to run Camp Jupiter and make sure that the civilians were okay so she says happy birthday, too." "I'll iris message her later. In the meantime, let's swim!" A chorus of cheers went up from the crowd and the sounds of hundreds of demigods stampeding towards the waves couldn't've possibly been more exciting. Just as Percy was about to join them, he felt a hand on his arm and was surprised to see Jason worrying his lip in between his teeth. "Hey…um…is your dad going to kill me for getting on his home turf?" he asked, his brow furrowing with his worry. "I kinda don't want to die." "Of course not. Don't worry," Percy assured, "Unlike your dad, my dad isn't like that." Jason seemed completely fine with the jab at his father, and gave him a lopsided grin. Before they could dive in and join the others, Annabeth bustled through them and fretted over the fact that Percy didn't have a bathing suit, but the son of Poseidon assured her that he wouldn't get wet and could swim just as easily in his regular clothes, and with that he tackled Jason by the waist right as a wave broke over them. "Jackson, you little shit-" the son of Zeus began, but he was clobbered by another wave that may or may not have been engineered by Percy so that it was ten times bigger than normal. The day went on like that. People played chicken and Marco Polo, gifts were opened, and the best gift by far had to be the one that Frank, Hazel, Jason, Piper, and Leo had all chipped in to get him. It was a huge, clear surfboard that looked like water was floating inside, and it had a huge trident emblazoned where the logo of the manufacturers would usually be. "Whoa!" Percy breathed as Piper handed the surfboard over to him. It was smooth to the touch, and he couldn't help running his hands all over it because he just couldn't manage to get enough of the feeling. Despite that, he felt little ridges that would make sure that he wasn't going to slip and slide once he got on it. "You didn't have to!" "Of course we did," Hazel retorted, crossing her arms, but despite her stern tone, her eyes were sparkling. "Everyone's birthday had to be extra-special this year because it's the anniversary of Gaea's defeat." "Are you going to try it out?" Frank asked, giving a childish little bounce. "The waves seem good today, but then again you could just conjure the good waves yourself." Percy smiled sheepishly at his friends, rubbing back of his neck. "I've never actually went surfing," he confessed, and everyone exchanged disbelieving looks. "You've got to be kidding me," Leo scoffed, "The son of Poseidon not being able to surf? Who would've thought?" "Hey, I just never seemed to have the time," Percy defended. That was a bit of a lie, considering his and his mom's beach house that they constantly visited when he was younger, but he didn't want to go off and tell his friends that he'd never had the money to afford a surfboard, much less an apartment big enough to stash it somewhere. Annabeth's knowing look told him that she was well aware of this fact, but he didn't really mind. "Don't worry, you'll probably be a natural at it," Piper assured. "My dad and I always went surfing together, and I can teach you." That day had to be one of the best birthday