Here it is, as promised. The sequel to Growing Together. Growing Stronger! Katniss and Peeta are going into the Games together... as a couple. What will this mean for our favorite tributes? I hope you guys enjoy. :D Disclaimer: Anthing you recognize, such as characters, I do not own. I don't own the images used in the cover, either, though I did put it together to make the overall cover image. So no suing, please. :) This disclaimer pretains to all the chapters in this story. ~Peeta POV~ The feeling hits me before I even open my eyes. The shiver of foreboding crawls up my spine, seeping through my skin. I don't need a single second to orient myself, because I know exactly where I am- and when. After all, that's all I've thought about for the past week. The past month, really. And, when your mind plagues you with nightmares about what may or may not happen to you the next day, it takes no time at all to know what day it is when you wake up. Today is the day of the reaping. When I do open my eyes, I glance over at the bed beside the wall opposite me, but I don't need to. Rye never gets up later than dawn, especially on reaping day. One year, he rose three hours before the sun, when the stars were still glittering in the sky. Not me. I figure, every hour spent asleep is an hour spent not agonizing over what this year's Games will bring. That is, if you can evade the nightmares. This year, I managed to sleep an extra hour or two after sunrise, judging by the quality of light filtering through the curtains. I throw on normal working clothes- the reaping is at two, so there's no sense getting dressed up before then- and descend the stairs. My father greets me with a tight smile and pushes forward a plate of last week's pastries. I brighten at this. They may be stale, but we rarely ever get to eat anything as expensive as pastries. They sell so fast that they don't usually go stale, and so we're left to eat tough loaves of sourdough bread and crumbling muffins for breakfast. But today is special, as no one in Twelve- in any district- is likely to forget. I accompany one of the pastries with a lukewarm cup of tea that Rye must have set out at least an hour ago, and then pull on an apron and go straight to the ovens. Even today, there's work to do. Especially today. Families will be coming in later in the afternoon and evening, to celebrate one more year of safety. The evening meal on reaping day is tradition, by now, and so is the accompanying dessert. Merchant families almost always buy a couple cupcakes, or a tart, or sometimes even a cake. Thankfully, cakes happen to be my specialty. Decorating them is almost like painting. I console myself with this as I stand over the counter with a frosting tube, shaping violet petals on an ivory icing base. It's not quite as good as having real paints, but it's better than charcoal pencils, which invariably crumble or leave smears on paper. There's a knock on the back door, and I look up hopefully. There's a good chance it's Katniss, stopping by to trade with my father. And if it is, I can snag her before she leaves and steal a kiss. For good luck. But it's not Katniss, it's Gale. He talks quietly with my father, casting a glance over his shoulder before they start to discuss the trade. He leaves with a loaf of light bread tucked under his arm, and my father slips off to place the squirrel he recieved somewhere my mother won't find it. I have a feeling that lunch will be squirrel meat in a stew, or maybe just cooked and lightly seasoned- none of our stomachs can handle anything heavy right now. The morning crawls by slowly, as it always does on this day. I spend the time in the back, kneading next to my brothers, and behind the counter. Customers are minimal, most only buying what they need for lunch. After all, why waste money on food you might be there to eat? Better to wait until after the reaping, when you know your whole family will be at home and safe. The mayor seems to have no such concern. He strides in around noon, his daughter, Madge, trailing after him. Madge wears a dainty, white dress with lace sleeves, and a shiny, pink ribbon holds her hair back in a side-ponytail. She keeps her eyes downcast, as if she's uncomfortable, and I can see why. Her father makes a point of walking straight to the cakes in the front of the shop, examining the prices for the most expensive one and pointing it out with a flourish. My mother, suddenly all smiles and little, bobbing curtseys and friendly handshakes, rushes about with fabricated zeal to personally lift it off the shelf and box it up, adding a handwritten note to the top. As soon as the mayor leaves, hefting the white cake box and calling for Madge to follow, my mother looks to me. "Was that one of yours?" she asks sharply. Now that the most powerful man in District Twelve is gone, her smile had disappeared entirely, leaving no hint that it was ever there in the first place. "Yes, Ma'am," I answer. She counts out the coins slowly, making sure to touch each one before placing it in its pile. I wait silently for her verdict. At last she sorts the coins into the cash register on the counter, seeming pleased with the amount. Then she looks up at me, gives a single nod of approval, and vanishes into the back once again. I suppose that's her way of saying, "Good job." Or maybe just, "Not as bad as usual." Either way, I escaped a lecture about working hard to contribute to the family's earnings. That's one more small thing to cheer me up. It's been this way since I was small. Maybe seven or eight. Be useful to the family, make money, and don't get in the way. If you don't, you've earned yourself a cuff on the ear and a tongue-lashing. Since the time I grew taller than her, that rule has been edited to exclude the strike (usually), but that just means her rants are longer and more vehement. It's one o'clock. In sixty minutes, I will be standing in the square. The thought makes my stomach churn, but I force down lunch anyway. Going with an empty stomach will just make it harder. Rye shares my drawn, pale face, but Sand seems unconcerned. He already attended his last reaping. He's done. I envy him. At one thirty we put on our reaping clothes. I wear one of Sand's old outfits, since he doesn't have to dress nicely. It's just a crisply ironed pair of trousers and a nice button-up shirt, paired with a clean pair of shoes, but still much nicer than the clothes I usually wear. My mother combs and shapes my hair with gel and an unnecessary amount of force. Rye dresses in an almost identical outfit, complete with gelled-back hair. We could be twins, if he wasn't an inch taller than me and wider in the shoulders. We exchange small, tense smiles. At one forty five, we leave the bakery. The crowd of people we join as we trudge towards the square gives the streets an ominous feel. So many bodies in one place, so many people, should make a lot of noise. But the only sound is the tramp of feet. As we near the square, we hear a very faint buzzing from the cameras stationed on roofs and the earpieces that the Peacekeepers wear. It's barely audible, but it worms its way into my skull like a siren, triggering a headache that builds in my temples. I distract myself by looking for Katniss. She would be coming from the other side of the square, but we all have to sign in at the same place. Rye and I get in line while our parents and Sand go to stand along the edge of the square, to watch, as is the rule. Everyone watches the reaping in person, unless it's too crowded to fit into the square, and then, you watch on televisions from side streets. Even if you were somehow allowed to stay home with a serious illness, you'd have to watch it later in the recaps. There's no escaping it. I spot Katniss just as I'm getting signed in by the nearest Peacekeeper. She's with Prim, of course, but I barely recognize the blonde braids of her little sister before I'm completely focused on Katniss herself. She looks beautiful. The first thing I notice about her is her dress, which is a rich, sky blue. It falls just below her knees, and the collar dips down slightly in the front, forming a shallow V. The next thing I notice is her hair, which has been coiled elegantly into a braided knot against her head. She doesn't see me, but she cranes her neck and gazes into the crowd, as if she's searching for something. She leads Prim through the line and they both sign in. Meanwhile, I'm fighting through the crowd, trying to reach them. I want to see Katniss up close, kiss her, tell her it's going to be okay, before Effie Trinket reaches into the reaping bowl. But then Katniss leaves Prim in the area marked for twelve-year-olds and slips off into the crowd, and I lose sight of her. Rye has already gone to stand with his own age group, and I decide it's as good a plan as any. Katniss will be with the sixteens, anyway. I find my way to the square of roped-off pavement designated for sixteen-year-olds and scan the sea of mixed light and dark heads for Katniss's dark, chocolaty, almost-black one. I can't find her. I'm just about to start moving, because she might be closer to the center, when the clock strikes two and the mayor steps forward to start his speech. The crowd settles and fixes its gaze on him grimly, readying itself to, once again, hear the story of Panem, the mighty Capitol surrounded by thirteen- now twelve- districts. Most of us have it almost memorized by now. I see one boy mouth along sarcastically as the Mayor finishes with, "It is both a time for repentance and a time for thanks." He then reads the laughably short list of past District Twelve victors. As he finishes, the last living victor Twelve has seen appears in a cloud of curses and alcohol fumes. He collapses into a chair, obviously drunk, and lunges toward Effie Trinket as if he's about to hug her. She dodges him, and her pink wig slips slightly. This triggers a few muffled sniggers from the crowd, but, out of respect for our only victor, they suppress them quickly. The mayor hastily introduces Effie, who bounces up and approaches the reaping bowls, her high heels clicking loudly against the stage. "Happy Hunger Games!" she trills. "And may the odds be ever in your favor!" She goes on to gush about how exciting this all is, and what an honor it is to be here, but I've finally located Katniss. She's standing a few yards in front of me and to the left, half-obscured by a tall Seam boy. Her hands hang loosely by her sides, but I can see her fingers twitching. She's nervous. Of course she is. Twenty slips inside the girls' reaping bowl say Katniss Everdeen . I'm nervous, too, but suddenly the anxiousness isn't for me. Effie finishes her monologue and chirps, "Ladies first!" If the crowd was quiet before,