Disclaimer: I do not own twilight. If I did, I would be SM, but I'm not. So here goes. Things you need to know before you read it. About 65% of the first chapter is from SM's new moon. I'm not making many changes there From the second chapter onwards, there will be less of SM's lines and more of my work. The incidents and dialogues in this story are from my imagination and criticism is always welcome I'm trying hard to keep Bella and the other characters to be exactly how SM's described them, and how they would react and what they would say in the situations they're in. I welcome any inputs and advise regarding the characters I promise to update as often as I can Please review after you read. I would very much appreciate it. Embossed by the wolf. Chapter one - The meadow I waited in fear as I watched Laurent approach me. Any moment now, I would die. I kept chanting Edward's name, like a mantra. This was it. I was going to die. Edward. I thought his name . This was the end. I was going to die now. I would never see him again. I loved Edward till my last breath, which I was sure I was taking right now. Just a few more minutes, and it would all be over. I only wished I could see him one last time before I died. It was my last wish to see him again, and I knew, it would never be fulfilled. I would depart this life, without seeing his beautiful face. It was the only regret I had. I tried to visualize his beautiful flawless face in my mind, his gorgeous topaz eyes, his crooked smile I loved so much, his smooth bronze hair, and his lovely musical voice. " I love you" I whispered. Through my narrowed eyes, I watched as Laurent paused in the act of inhaling and whipped his head abruptly to the left. I was afraid to look away from him, to follow his glance, though he hardly needed a distraction or any other trick to overpower me. I was too amazed to feel relief when he started slowly backing away from me. "I don't believe it," he said, his voice so low that I barely heard it. Even though I was terrified, for a fraction of a second, I suddenly felt confused. I had to look then. My eyes scanned the meadow, searching for the interruption that had extended my life by a few seconds. At first, I saw nothing, and my gaze flickered back to Laurent. He was retreating more quickly now, his eyes boring into the forest. I felt relief wash over me, and a little hope too. My heart beat accelerated. Then, I saw it; a huge black shape eased out of the trees, quiet as a shadow, and stalked deliberately toward the vampire. It was enormous—as tall as a horse, but thicker, much more muscular. The long muzzle grimaced, revealing a line of dagger-like incisors. A grisly snarl rolled out from between the teeth, rumbling across the clearing like a prolonged crack of thunder. The bear. Only, it wasn't a bear at all. Still, this gigantic black monster had to be the creature causing all the alarm. From a distance, anyone would assume it was a bear. What else could be so vast, so powerfully built? I wished I were lucky enough to see it from a distance. Instead, it padded silently through the grass a mere ten feet from where I stood. Now, I felt a new fear. A different fear. A fear much different from the one I felt from Laurent. My legs were rooted on the spot and I could feel my body tremble. "Don't move an inch," Edward's voice whispered. Even in that state of fear, I stared at the monstrous creature, my mind boggling as I tried to put a name to it. There was a distinctly canine cast to the shape of it, the way it moved. I could only think of one possibility, locked in horror as I was. Yet I'd never imagined that a wolf could get so big. Another growl rumbled in its throat, and I shuddered away from the sound. My body shook more violently. My hands began to tremble, and I was sure my knees would give away anytime soon. Laurent was backing toward the edge of the trees, and, under the freezing terror, confusion swept through me. Why was Laurent retreating? Granted, the wolf was monstrous in size, but it was just an animal. What reason would a vampire have for fearing an animal? And Laurent was afraid. His eyes were wide with horror, just like mine. As if in answer to my question, suddenly the mammoth wolf was not alone. Flanking it on either side, another two gigantic beasts prowled silently into the meadow. One was a deep gray, the other brown, neither one quite as tall as the first. The gray wolf came through the trees only a few feet from me, its eyes locked on Laurent. Before I could even react, two more wolves followed, lined up in a V, like geese flying south. Which meant that the rusty brown monster that shrugged through the brush last was close enough for me to touch? I gave an involuntary gasp and jumped back—which was the most stupid thing I could have done right now. I froze again, waiting for the wolves to turn on me, the much weaker of the available prey. I wished briefly that Laurent would get on with it and crush the wolf pack—it should be so simple for him. I guessed that, between the two choices before me, being eaten by wolves was almost certainly the worse option. Earlier I was terrified, now, I was petrified. For the second time in my life, I was scared to death. I was scared for myself. I stared at the wolves, unsure of what they would do. I caught the gaze of this particular russet wolf. The wolf's eyes were dark, nearly black. It gazed at me for a second, then, for some strange reason, turned its head around properly, and kept on staring. Those deep eyes seeming too intelligent for a wild animal. My gaze locked with its intent gaze. Suddenly, I felt a tremor rock through me and I had the urge to fall down, as though an earthquake was erupting underground. I almost felt dizzy for a second. I gazed into the eyes of the wolf unable to look away. There was a strange sensation all over my body. I forgot that a blood thirsty vampire was trying to drink my blood, and that a pack of wolves would have me for dinner, if they got to me first. As it stared at me, I suddenly thought of Jacob—again, with gratitude. It was a brief moment of distraction for me. I felt relieved. At least I'd come here alone, to this fairytale meadow filled with dark monsters. At least Jacob wasn't going to die, too. At least I wouldn't have his death on my hands. I realized, the animal was still staring at me, with wonder and elation in its eyes, and strangely, I wanted to look into this russet wolf's eyes too, in the same way it was looking at me. I felt a strange connection towards this untamed beast. Then, another low growl from the leader caused the russet wolf to whip his head around, back toward Laurent. This growl brought me back to reality. Laurent was staring at the pack of monster wolves with unconcealed shock and fear. The first I could understand. But I was stunned when, without warning, he spun and disappeared into the trees. He ran away. The wolves were after him in a second, sprinting across the open grass with a few powerful bounds, snarling and snapping so loudly that my hands flew up instinctively to cover my ears. The sound faded with surprising swiftness once they disappeared into the woods. And then I was alone again. My knees buckled under me, and I fell onto my hands, sobs building in my throat. I had the urge to throw up. I knew I needed to leave, and leave now. How long would the wolves chase Laurent before they doubled back for me? Or would Laurent turn on them? Would he be the one that came looking? I couldn't move at first, though; my arms and legs were still shaking, and I didn't know how to get back to my feet. My mind couldn't move past the fear, the horror or the confusion. I didn't understand what I'd just witnessed. My head began to ache, and I had odd sensations over my body. A vampire should not have run from overgrown dogs like that. What good would their teeth be against his granite skin? It wouldn't have made a difference to him. Just a few swipes and they would good as fresh, raw meat to him. He would have fun killing them and playing with them, since they were so gigantic. I was sure it wouldn't take him more than ten minutes to finish them off and come for me. Then why did he back off and run away in fear? He was the world's strongest predator, what could be stronger than him? He had nothing to fear. Especially from a pack of wolves. What seemed so dreadful and scary about these wolves to an immortal being? And the wolves should have given Laurent a wide berth. Even if their extraordinary size had taught them to fear nothing, it still made no sense that they would pursue him. I doubted his icy marble skin would smell anything like food. Why would they pass up something warm-blooded and weak like me to chase after Laurent? It didn't make any sense. Why did they want him? I couldn't make it add up. A cold breeze whipped through the meadow, swaying the grass like something was moving through it. I scrambled to my feet, backing away even though the wind brushed harmlessly past me. Stumbling in panic, I turned and ran headlong into the trees. The next few hours were pure agony. Every time I thought of Laurent, I would start panicking, and run faster. It took me three times as long to escape the trees as it had to get to the meadow. At first I paid no attention to where I was headed, focused only on what I was running from the meadow, and far away as possible. By the time I collected myself enough to remember the compass, I was deep in the unfamiliar and menacing forest. My hands were shaking so violently that I had to set the compass on the muddy ground to be able to read it. Every few minutes I would stop to put the compass down and check that I was still heading northwest, hearing—when the sounds weren't hidden behind the frantic squelching of my footsteps—the quiet whisper of unseen things moving in the leaves. The call of a jaybird made me leap back and fall into a thick stand of young spruce, scraping up my arms and tangling my hair with sap. The sudden rush of a squirrel up a hemlock made me scream so loud it hurt my own ears. I tumbled and fell down many times, hurting myself, but I didn't care. I wanted to go home. At last there was a break in the trees ahead. I came out onto the empty road a mile or so south of where I'd left the truck. Exhausted as I was, I jogged up the lane until I found it. By the time I pulled myself into the cab, I was sobbing again. I fiercely shoved down both stiff locks before I dug my keys out of my pocket. My hands shook so