Seven bloody years in this school, Draco was glad though that he was finally back at Hogwarts for his seventh term, the blonde strutted through the grand doors of the entrance, yet was quickly reminded of what had happened the previous term. The male looked at all the debris and he sighed softly, the castle was still under repair from the war that had gone on with the Death Eaters and Voldemort. But that was last year, all must move on right? The male sighed as he pushed the memories aside and turned down the stairs to head to the Slytherin Common room, somehow that had managed to not get damaged. After giving the password, he slid in and since there was still time to settle in before the Sorting Hat ceremony for first years and the first dinner for the year, Draco glanced out the window in front of his bed and he ran his fingers through his hair as he unpacked his clothes and put them away, got his trunk situated where he wanted it before laying on his bed and looking at the tapestries draping over the beds. When the students were called for dinner, Draco sighed, sitting down at the table, Parkinson gliding in alongside him. "What's the matter Draco? Disappointed you're back here?" "For Merlin's sake Parkinson, shut it will you? This is practically my home now" "Oh right because your parents are in Azkaban and you refuse to stay at your childhood Mansion?" "I said shut it you twit" he snapped at her through gritted teeth. His eyes looked over the tribe of first years that came through the Great Hall's grand doors and at the bewitched ceiling. Draco's eyes glanced over each of them, trying to see how many would most likely be put into Slytherin house. Pansy smirked a bit "What's the matter Malfoy? Not wanting to get caught looking at Potter?" Draco rolled his eyes a bit "Oh yea totally because I'm so obsessed with Hogwart's chosen one and savior" He rolled his eyes once more. Pansy went to continue but instead Headmistress McGonagall cut her off and Malfoy was somewhat relieved, he felt a pair of eyes on him but figured it was Granger or Weasley foul mouthing him for what had happened last year, though he wouldn't deny it, it partly was his fault thanks to his father ultimately volunteering Draco's service to the dark lord, much to his dismay. He took a sip from his goblet and glanced up at the table for the professors and staff and he looked at the Potions seat, expecting to see Snape, but was reminded of his death instantly when seeing some new professor sitting there. He glanced down at his hands and then paid attention to the new students being sorted and listened to the rules, however when the feast started, Draco stood from the table and left, he knew all eyes were on him, but he could care less, he wasn't hungry and had no intention of eating, old habits never die, he never really started eating again after all the stress that he went through last year. He made his way to the common room once more and he sat on his bed and figured he'd just go to bed, no use sitting there and staying awake for no reason. After the first few days of classes, Draco was informed by their new Potions professor, that he had been named the Quidditch captain for the Slytherin team, the blonde groaned, "Great…. now more responsibility." He thought to himself before deciding when to hold tryouts since he knew that they'd need a new beater and chaser since two of their previous years had graduated and were off doing whatever in the real world. Settling on Friday, Draco let it spread through Pansy Parkinson when tryouts were and then he sent his owl to Diagon Alley on a special assignment. As Potter made his way back from classes, he was informed by his best friend Ron Weasley that Malfoy had been made the Quidditch Captain for Slytherin, Harry groaned "Great, that Git a Captain? That's just what his ego needs" Harry sighed, then glanced around the Common room and grunted. Hermione rolled her eyes "Oh lay off it Harry, everyone knows how obsessed you are with Malfoy, you always have been, perhaps maybe it's time you come out." Harry looked at her in shock "What the bloody hell are you talking about Hermione?" He asked somewhat agitated and Hermione rolled her eyes at him "Oh come on Harry, it's practically hard to miss….you always look at Malfoy for extended periods of time and last year when he hesitated to go to his mother before Voldemort was killed, you stepped towards him, it was slight but still." Harry rolled his eyes "You're dreaming Hermione, I've never fancied that git" he then walked off. Ron smirked "By you walking off mate, that just confirmed it" He muttered "Bloody hell though why Malfoy…." Ron groaned. Harry ignored them and stayed silent as he made his way to the boy's dormitory and went to bed. Harry soon learned though that Hermione and Ron were right, the more that he thought about it, over the years, Harry did always look at Malfoy for an extended period of time, then would glance away quickly if Malfoy had caught on or someone of the Slytherin Table had noticed. Still, the thought made Potter tremble, why of all people did he just happen to have a man crush on Malfoy? It made his blood boil yet his heart skip a beat. Maybe it was partly because he felt bad for the other, his father and mother seemed to just use him to their advantage, especially when it came time to force Draco into becoming a Death Eater. Harry supposed also perhaps it was how the blonde looked in his Quidditch attire. "No…No" Harry muttered to himself to calm himself down and he ignored the thoughts and images running through his mind. Learning from McGonagall that the first Quidditch match of the year was Slytherin versus Gryffindor made Potter groan "That's just what I bloody need." He muttered softly as he walked through the hallways and found himself in the Dungeon, he glanced around and then saw the Slytherin common room's entrance, seeing Malfoy come out, Harry couldn't help but notice how pale he was and how skinny he was. Before he could stop himself, he spoke "Are you alright, Malfoy? You look like bloody shit" Malfoy glanced at Potter and stopped "What's it to you, Potter? Besides you hate my guts anyway, so why should you care if I shrivel up and die from not eating?" He glared at him. Harry sighed "I was just trying to be polite you heartless git…..you should eat something, you look paler then the bloody ghosts in the castle…" "Very funny Potter, don't you have some girl to snog or Professor's arse to kiss?" He then shoved past him and into the Potions classroom. Harry sighed and just shook his head before making his way in, seeing all other chairs taken, of course the one next to Malfoy was open. He groaned and stood for a moment before taking a breath and made his way over to the table, glaring at Hermione and Ron were not saving him a spot before sitting down, taking his quill and ink out and some parchment and looked at the professor as they were handed their text books. Draco grinned as he saw his book, he instantly began flipping through it, his love for Potions hadn't changed, he still was very much interested in making potions, as the professor spoke, Draco had half of the first chapter already read and was jotting notes down. Harry raised his brow seeing how intrigued Malfoy was with his potions book, he glanced over at the male before casually rolling his eyes and going back to taking notes, even though his mind was elsewhere, the upcoming Quidditch game, seeing Malfoy genuinely happy over a Potions text book had Potter questioning things within his mind and it was easily readable by his facial expression that he was not at all listening to a word that their professor was speaking. He was cut from his thoughts when he felt a hard jab in his rib cage. "Oy…Potter" Draco spat out and when seeing the raven locked boy look at him, he sighed "Are you going to sit there and drool or actually help with our first potion?" He spat out and Harry saw a cauldron in front of them and everyone else had one. He sighed "Ohhh uhmm sorry…since when were you interested in Potions?" Draco glanced over at him "Really Potter? Is that what had you drooling?" He shook his head "You're so obsessed with me, you should know that I've always had a passion for potions, it's intriguing, just like Quidditch, just differently intriguing….the war's over by the way, why are you still obsessed with me?" Draco asked as he got the ingredients and were adding them to the cauldron "Potter, stir" He instructed as he read the instructions. Harry looked at Malfoy shocked, something came to mind however something else came out "Because you're bloody hot" Harry's cheeks turned bright red and he lowered his head and started stirring. Draco tensed and looked over at Potter shocked, did the chosen one just call him hot? Draco shook his head subtly a bit "Never knew you felt that way about me Potter" He brushed it off, though inside his heart was pounding. "I'll take over….you seem to be a bit distracted" He took the stirrer from him and continued to stir until the time was up and he lowered the flame with his wand, and sat back down and waited. "Perfect Potter, Malfoy." Malfoy's chest puffed a bit and he smirked "Thanks professor" He sighed contently and when class was over, Malfoy smirked "See you at the Quidditch game Potter, be ready, I'm going to kick your arse royally" "Yea Right Malfoy, you wish" Draco smirked and vanished from the room. Harry was still blushing as he left Potions, he was mentally kicking himself for saying that out loud, Hermione joined him "You two seem to at least have been civil" She stated and Harry glared at her "Yea, thanks to you two my mouth blurted out that he is hot…. So thanks a lot." Hermione grinned, proud of herself "No problem Harry. At least now you know he's into potions and gives him something to think about with you" She teased. "Ohh for Merlin's sake Hermione, he's not into blokes, can we just drop it?" Pansy strolled by "You'd be surprised Potter, why not be that brave and courageous Gryffindor I've been told you are and strut up and kiss him?" Harry looked at her as she smirked and walked off, "Is everyone trying to get me and Malfoy together? Bloody fucking hell" He growled and decided to walk by himself. Malfoy was beside himself as he made his way over to the Quidditch field, tryouts, joy. "Accio Firebolt" He pointed his wand and his new ride was at his side. He smirked and grabbed it, the latest Firebolt edition that wasn't available in stores yet was customized just for him, his name engraved in it on both sides. He cleared his throat and had everyone's attention "Let's get to it, shall we? Show me what you've all got, remember this is a mock game, so you have to be tough" Draco shot up and observed, seeing a few that he liked, he deemed they'd be good for the team, relentless, tough and an over-powering desire to win. He called their names and added them to the team, thanked the rest for coming and the new team practiced, getting ready for their first match, Gryffindor. Draco was pleased with how