A/N: I've been after writing a wolf fic for awhile now, and despite numerous attempts, I was ready to give up. Then I got this idea. This will be a Three-Shot, and will be posted over the next week or so. It all depends on RL and my whim really :D This is new territory for me, so I hope you enjoy it. Thank you to Mynxi for working her magic on this, even though I sent it without even putting it through spellcheck (apparently I'm an idiot) and with my abuse of commas. And, yes Treacle, I'm reading through and memorising that link you sent me. lol. Thanks also to TittyKickers, who pre-read this for me, much love to you, sweets! B~E~L~L~A "Look, I'm not saying this again...We. Did. Not. Come. Here. To. Watch. Movies." I laughed, pulling out the rest of the alcohol from the boxes that the guys had brought in from the car. Vodka went into the small freezer, beers in the fridge along with mixers, the tequila and whiskey on the counter. Jessica and Mike had been arguing since we got here and Mike announced that he'd brought along his collection of horror movies. This weekend had been planned for months, the seven of us here for a weekend of nothing but drinking and fuckery. A weekend goodbye to high school and hello to college. Of course, our parents didn't exactly know about the alcohol, my dad had even checked and then double checked the trunks of the guys cars before he let me go. Of course, I knew my dad very well and knew that would be the exact thing that he would do, and so all the booze had been hidden away in Angela's car. Whom my dad would never think to check, even if she wasn't due to meet us there, at my house like the others. "Jessica, babe, come on. We can set it up as a drinking game...saaaay, 'Dog Soldiers'...a shot for every howl or bite or something." Next were the glasses, all lined up and shiny looking in their short or tall glory. The food was already away, the cupboards and counters filled with various different snacks and quick eats. I'd made sure to pack away some breakfast stuff, knowing that I'd be cooking each morning. There was no way that I'd be taking part in any drinking games if I wanted to be awake for long. I was never a big drinker, and liked to pace myself, it always worked out better for me if I didn't guzzle down as much alcohol as humanly possible in the shortest time span possible. Glancing over my shoulder, I shouted, "Jess, let him have one film. Then we can put the music on and he can't complain at the choice." I shared a grin with Jess before turning back to my task, stowing the boxes away in my bedroom before coming back into the lounge. It seemed as though my idea had been taken onboard, as Mike was already at the DVD player and Jess was at the makeshift bar, with Angela and Lauren, pouring drinks. "You want your usual, Bells, or are you being boring and starting off easy?" Jess teased me, knowing full well what my tolerance for alcohol is. I laughed, "Slow, I think, it's only five in the afternoon, if I start on the Jack now, I'll be on my ass by seven." "Such a lightweight, gonna have to practice your drinking before we're in college, Bells. I'm not taking you to any parties if you can't hold your liquor," she said, smiling as she handed me a cherry coke a la Jessica. In other words, it had a little cherry liqueur in it. Alcoholic, yes, but a good slow burn. Jessica had made one for herself, Angela, and Lauren, only theirs had vodka added in as well. "Girls, get your asses over here so we can start the movie...and bring over a six pack, will you?" At our collective glare, Mike went all puppy dog eyes. " Please ?" "Gets me every damn time," Jessica grumbled, opening the fridge to grab what her long time boyfriend had asked for. "Yup, isn't that what got you to lose your v-card to him outside his mom and dad's house?" Lauren snickered, squealing and jumping out of the way as Jessica tried to hit her arm in retaliation. Laughing, Jess strolled over to Mike, throwing a 'bitch' over her shoulder towards Lauren. We joined the guys, sitting down on the large sofas and chairs as Mike kissed Jessica thank you and handed around the beers before turning the lights off. "Do we have to have the lights off for this?" Lauren asked, pulling the throw off the back of the sofa as she did. She wasn't the biggest fan of horror movies at the best of times. "Don't you worry, Laur, I'll make sure to keep you safe," Connor said, winking and putting his arm behind her. I chuckled into my glass as Lauren readily gave in and leaned into him. Those two had been circling each other for a while now, and it seemed as though Lauren was finally giving Connor a chance. Time would only tell once the film was over. Tyler was on the floor in front of me, Angela next to me and I raised my eyebrows as he leant his head back to look at me. "You just let me know if you need someone to keep you distracted," his wink made me giggle and roll my eyes. "No worries, Ty, werewolves don't scare me. Besides, I have Angela to protect me," I laughed out. "Oh, now that's something I'd like to see." Tyler grinned and turned back to the screen. "Boys," Angela and I said at the same time, getting understanding looks from the girls and had the boys all bottle clinking each other in caveman-like celebration. I settled back, relaxed and happy, surrounded by people that I had grown up with and been friends with for years. I had been looking forward to this weekend since we first brought up the idea. And this cabin, set within the remote Quileute lands, had every amenity; net access, Satellite TV, a full kitchen, and enough bathrooms and bedrooms to accommodate all of us. All of us being; Jessica, Mike, Lauren, Conner, Tyler, Angela and myself. But then, we weren't out here to camp, we were here to relax and have fun and this suited us just fine. The only ones missing from this were Jake, Embry and Quil. I still hadn't heard back from any of them, not in the past three weeks. I didn't even know if they bothered to listen to their voice mails anymore. 'Dog Soldiers', as it turned out, was funny as fuck. The scary came later, but it was still laced with humour and enough gore that the guys were kept happy. Of course, there was plenty of shit thrown about when the line 'It's just my time of the month' came up. All three of them ended up being smacked around the heads. Everyone was at different levels of buzzed by the end of the movie, Jess and Mike all over each other under a blanket on the floor. Tyler reached over and kicked them to no effect, in fact, I'm pretty sure it just egged them on. All the while Lauren and Conner were lip-locked on the couch and Angela had fallen asleep towards the end. She woke as I stood up, stretching, and followed me to the kitchen to grab herself a Redbull. We both giggled as a loud moan drifted through from the lounge, Tyler running out seemingly on its heels. "Mike and Jess are past caring who's in the room," he said and shuddered, grabbing the Jack for himself and pouring himself a shot. "It can't be worse than the hand jobs they gave each other in biology last month," I stated, taking the Jack from him and making myself a Jack and Coke. It had been incredibly embarrassing and incredibly hilarious all at the same time. Mike and Jess had gotten a little carried away during one of the many, many boring and seemingly unending videos that we were forced to watch. Let's just say that they made their own entertainment. And then got sentenced to detention by a very flushed Mr Banner...separate rooms, of course. "You wanna bet? Take a look if you don't believe me," Tyler nodded his head back towards the main room, his brown eyes challenging. I only ducked my head around the corner for a second, but it was obvious what they were doing, not to mention that Lauren's legs were up in the air, all that you could see of her and Conner from our view point. "Holy shit!" I gasped out through giggles. "Jess and Lauren can't be that drunk already?" Angela, mirroring my actions, was soon giggling away next to me. "Mike had her playing that damn drinking game...but, Oh My God, she is never gonna live this down! And what the hell are Lauren and Conner doing?" Another moan, followed by an 'Oh fuck, yes' that had Conner's voice all over it, while a couple of female breathy sounds pitched in and all three of us burst out laughing quietly. "Well, there's your answer," Tyler snickered. "Conner's been after her for months." " ! " Wide eyes were shared all around, it was Tyler that broke the silence. "It's kinda wrong to know that your best friend can't last worth a damn." Next we heard Connor cumming, like a freight train, at least that was what he'd shouted out. We all winced and Tyler added, "Both of them." I snorted, sipping my drink and eyeing Tyler. "You're telling me that you're any better? Aren't all teenage boys the same? Horny, eager...and fast?" Angela took that moment to busy herself with the alcohol and Tyler smirked at me. "I have no problems in that area, Bella...didn't Angela tell you?" Whaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa? Before I could quiz Angela, preacher's daughter in all her glory, she turned and shouted out, "Guys, you get any wet spots anywhere and you're sitting on them! And for your sakes, I hope you thought to wrap it before you tapped it!" Silence was the only thing that met our loud guffaws. An hour, and two newly showered couples, later and we were all back in the lounge. Ange and I had kept to our sex free couch. Conner and Lauren were pretzeled on the larger couch with Jess and Mike at the other end. Tyler was on the floor, with his back to the couch, between Angela and me. And we were all on tequila. "Never have I...fucked in front of friends, while other friends were trapped in the kitchen. Laughing their asses off." I grinned, laughing as Mike, Jess, Lauren, and Conner all took shots. "Never have I busted a nut in under five minutes," Tyler called out. It took about five minutes, but a scowling Mike and Conner both took another shot. "Never have I given or received a blowjob in the girls' toilets," Angela chimed in. I tried to take my shot covertly, joined by everyone but Angela. Jessica's face was a picture. "Swan...you never told me that! Who? When? Who?" Red faced, I tried to hide behind a cushion. A cushion that was rudely ripped away to reveal a grinning Jessica and Lauren. "Oh no, little miss prissy 'I am saving myself for the right man' pants...SPILL!" "Prissy pants?" I sputtered, holding my sides as I laughed, Jessica smacking me with the cushion. "I am not a prissy pants." "Oh, who cares! " Jess whined, "Spill...tell me, who was it? Is he here?" she asked, eyeing all the men in the room. "Shit...fine," I took a deep breath, purposely making them wait longer, "You remember that English exchange student?"