A/N: This isn't an update to existing stories, I know, but it's a little something from my RP world. A birthday present for one of my best friends, and RP mate, and we decided to post it here. HAPPY BIRTHDAY, Shelby! Again. LOL This has only been beta'd by me...so y'all will have to excuse any mistakes. As usual...I own nothing, just like playing in this world. Shelby has been organising the trunk for the past ten minutes. Normally I'd be bothered that my organisation hadn't been good enough…but considering I'd fucked it up on purpose, I'm just left standing with a smug smile on my face while I stare at my wife's ass. What a delectable ass it is. No one can blame a guy for manipulating this situation, right? "You know I know what you're doing, right, baby?" She calls me out, but I can hear the smile in her voice. "Shhh, Darlin', I'm enjoyin' the view," I answer, still staring at her ass as she moves back and forth, side to side…it's hypnotic. Oh, the plans I have for that ass. Then she wiggles it for me. I'm behind her in the next moment, my hands on her hips, my crotch nestled against her denim covered ass. Out in public, right outside our house or not, I'm real tempted to peel her jeans down and take her right here and now. "Temptin' me, baby girl?" I murmur, snaking an arm around to rest over the waist band of her jeans, one finger dipping lower. I can feel her heat. "Always," she groans, and that edge to her voice that always makes me want to make her scream my name and beg for more. I cup her throat, so very delicate in my large hand, her pulse thrums against my thumb as I caress her pulse point. I kiss just behind her ear and feel it quicken. "We're already late settin' off, baby girl," I croon, my voice soft. Low. "Tastin' your sweet pussy for breakfast put us behind schedule." She groans and I smile against her skin. Her temperature rises in response to each word, her hips swaying, grinding back against me. My bitch in heat. But we both know that if we keep giving into temptation then we'll never make it on our honeymoon. And I have plans. Oh, so many plans. "What do good girls get when they're bad?" I ask, my lips never fully leaving her sensitised skin. My question is rhetorical, and so I don't wait for an answer, "Temptin' me with that fine ass of yours, rubbin' it against my cock…mmm, Darlin', can you feel how hard you've made me?" "Yes," she answers and I can't help the smile at her breathy voice. So wanton. So full of need. "I can smell how wet you are," I whisper, sliding my hand between denim and skin, journeying down to press against her slick flesh, "Fuck, Wife, you're soaked." I groan, sliding one finger inside her, "So naughty, my dirty wife, lettin' me finger your tight pussy in public." The sound she makes then is one that I love. Somewhere between a keen and a moan, all throaty and high pitched at the same time, and so full of need. Her legs are shaking already and I know, I just know , that it would take all of a minute to have her careening over the edge for the fall that she so desperately craves. It really is like playing an instrument. The right strums hit the right chords, and my woman's signing a merry turn of carnal want and desire. Those sounds, all of them, they're something that I crave. Something that I strive for, be it with fingers, tongue, or my cock…it's those noises that let me know I'm doing something right. "That's it, baby girl, sing those moans for me," I strum her clit over and over, two fingers inside her now, rubbing that spot that'll have her in need of yet another change of panties. "Please…please, baby, I…I need …" Oh, I know what she needs, and being the loving husband that I am, I'll be giving it to her. Anyone passing by would see that we're in an intimate embrace, though they can't really see anything, not the way I'm angled against her. Protecting her. Not that she knows that, or cares if anyone can see her, not right now. I kiss my way down her throat, my hand tightens around it in just the way she likes, and I tilt her head to give me ready access. Her pulse thunders in my ears, her breathing ragged, her body strung tight. I lick over her skin, over the mark I gave her on our wedding night, and I have to hold her up fully against the car. Her noises are desperate and past words. But she can't fall yet, not until she feels my bite. " Please ," she cries out and I don't leave her waiting any longer. She tightens around my fingers as soon as the pain of my bite hits her in blissful torture. I feel the gush of her fluids as her tight sex contracts around my fingers, rippling over my digits. My name on her lips. I literally drink down her orgasm; and it tastes so…fucking…sweet. oOo "It's so your fault that we've ended up late." I laugh, mostly cause she's right. After I'd made her scream herself hoarse outside the house, I'd barely remembered to close and lock the truck up before running back into the house, my wife in my arms. I'd been inside her and…well, we'd set off even later than we had been. "You weren't exactly complainin'," I point out, seeing her bright smile when I glance over as I drive us towards the airport, "If you keep makin' me think about it we'll be even later." "Do we have time?" She looked so hopeful. Those big eyes, always dragging me in, and when they flash gold? Whoa mama, it's so fucking sexy. It was the reasoning behind the yellow diamond on her finger, and the gold paw print on my platinum wedding band. For those times when her wolf peeks through human eyes and I get a glimpse of the animal within. When she's losing control and giving into primal urges. Feral. I fucking love it. "As soon as we're on the jet and in the air, I'll keep your juices flowin' the whole way. I'm starvin' for a taste of you." The smirk I wear as she moans, shifting about in her seat, is one of a dark promise she knows I'll be fulfilling. oOo "I still can't believe that Sam gave us our very own private jet as a wedding gift!" I sit back and watch her. She's so excited. So happy. Her smile is wide and gleeful as she explores our plane and I relax against the sofas as we fly across the ocean. "C'mere, baby girl," I order, though my voice is quiet and calm. She knows what I want and I love her all the more for it. Even more so at the fact that she needs it too. She comes to me slowly, dropping to hands and knees as she nears, crawling the rest of the way. we're both fully clothed still, though she won't be for much longer, and I can see the anticipation burning in her gaze. Her eyes become heavy lidded, her pupils expand, and the heady scent of her arousal begins to colour the air with her need. "Take my cock out," I order, my voice the same. I watch as she obeys, her hands flicking open the button fly of my jeans, reaching in to wrap her fingers around my heavy length. I'm already hard. "Who do you belong to, princess?" "My vampire, my Master," she answers without preamble, her breath ghosting over the head of my dick. "Good girl," and God do I love what those two words do to her. That hitch in her breath, the tensing, and the full body shiver that follows. "Show your Master how much you love his cock," I run my fingers through her hair as she starts to worship me. Her mouth his hot against the cold of my skin. Fire and ice, vampire and wolf, opposites in the supernatural world. We fit together perfectly. Her tongue languishes over the swollen mushroom head, drawing out that first bead of precum, and humming appreciatively as she tastes me. Her hands are on me, stroking me, cupping my balls. Massaging. I groan, my eyes closing for just a moment as I feel the unbelievable pleasure of having my woman's mouth work me. I spread my legs, shifting enough to push down my jeans further, knowing that she likes to have full access. I have absolutely no problem with that. As her mouth travels lower, taking me in further, my stroking hand stops and grips her hair instead. Though I don't push or guide her. Not yet. I allow her to keep her own pace. For now. Full lips, warm mouth, and teasing teeth…she takes me in fully, swallowing around me, gagging for the second before she has me fully down her throat. Oh, what a fucking feeling that is. "That's it, baby girl, so fuckin' good," I moan, praising her, loving the answering moan that vibrates around and over my cock. She draws up, her cheeks hollowed out, tasting me all over again. She looks up at me as she draws me fully out of her mouth, her eyes intent on mine as she licks over my head again. "Am I doing good, Master?" she asks, even though she knows full well that she is. It's all part of the game we like to play. "I think you can do better, princess. Open for me." She does as she's told and I'm back inside her mouth again. This time my grip in her hair moves her, puppets her, drives her down as I fuck up against her. Fucking that tight throat, drawing pleasure from her strangled moans, breathing in deep of her sexualised scent. Fuck, she smells good. She feels good. Holy shit . But I don't plan on emptying down her throat. Pulling on her hair, I pull her off me, and soon have her in my arms. In my lap. I rip at her jeans, I can buy her more, I just need to feel her against me. I need to hear those moans and pleading and desperate cries as she feels the burn of ripped fabric against her skin. She fucking loves it. My little cock hungry puppet pain slut. I lift her easily, positioning her over my cock, hard and insistent against her opening. And she's going down, enveloping me in tight, hot, saturated sex. Her pussy swallowing me as her throat had done, a perfectly snug fit, just as if she was made for me. She was. My soul mate, my forever, the woman that I somehow missed during our first meeting. Our second? Zombie Garden Gnomes, paintballing, and high jinks. If I hadn't have turned into an awkward prat at the shock of realising what she is to me I'd have had her over the back of my truck that first night. But, now is certainly not the time for stewing over the past, not when I have the most beautiful woman in the world bouncing her gorgeous self on my cock. So deep…so tight. I growl, thrusting up, fucking her. Owning her. Relishing in the utter brilliance of those gold eyes as they fasten on me. My hand is over her throat again, tight enough for her excitement to build, to leave her wanting more. Knowing that she loves it when I press down, tighten my grip, when I steal the air from her for those precious moments just before she takes off into blissful