Chapter One – You're Not Listening " Through a martyr's eyes I can see, I've seen the best of love, the best of hate, the best reward is earned and I've paid for every single word I ever said." (Chase This Light) Jimmy Eat World Summer was officially over and it was now the start of a new school year. The once quiet castle was now bursting with the sound and livelihood of its returning students. Severus Snape watched them file into the great hall of Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. He forced himself to remain nonchalant and grumpy as best as he could, carefully trying to spot a certain Gryffindor with messy, black hair and green eyes behind round glasses. When he couldn't find Harry, he forced himself to remain calm, telling himself to stop acting like an over bearing mother. Harry was probably still on his way to the castle with his annoying bunch of Gryffindor friends. What was it with Gryffindors and their desire to always be surrounded by a bunch of friends? It was nauseating indeed for Severus, who always preferred to be left alone with his Potions and books. Socializing daily with a group of people was too exhausting and a waste of time in his opinion. He only granted his company to a certain few. He quickly glanced down the table. Albus was to his left at the center of the staff table who was followed by the heads of houses, Professors Flitwick and Sprout, and to Albus' right was McGonagall and Severus himself. Past Sprout and Flitwick, was Remus Lupin. He was in a deep conversation with Professor Vector. Jealousy made his heart thud against his chest but he tried not to let that bother him, after all, Remus could talk to whomever he likes. It was not as if they were anything official. They only agreed to take things slow, to become friends and see where that goes. Severus was afraid of what this was turning into and the feelings he had that were developing for the werewolf. He knew Remus was also afraid, for they were both not used to such affection from another person. Remus had experienced it with Black long ago and had lost it. And as for Severus, he never had a chance with the girl he once loved. He was so lost in his thoughts; he did not realize how long he was staring at the golden-haired werewolf, and suddenly hazel-green eyes met onyx black. He felt himself getting lost in those forest green depths and he wondered what it was about this man that made him feel like this. Remus smiled softly. Severus forced himself to look away, his face feeling a bit warm, for that soft smile reminded him of the night before. That kiss they shared, the words they spoken, and Remus' soft voice as he sang, luring Severus to his office…. The memory of last night was not forgotten and Severus had found a saved seat next to the werewolf during their staff meeting that very morning. Some of the staff looked questionably at them, a bit surprised to see them sitting together, for they expected Severus to be sour at the werewolf for taking the position he always wanted. Severus and Remus ignored the staff's murmurings and nosiness. They didn't speak to each other much, as not to raise suspicion, just being besides each other was more than enough. Pulling himself back to the present, Severus forced his glare back to the students who were all mostly seated at their assigned tables by now. It wasn't until the large, heavy doors of the great hall closed, then Severus realized that his son had yet to arrive. Leaning forward to Albus, he immediately caught the old wizard's eye who nodded. Unlike anyone else, Albus could see the state of worry Severus was in, for he carefully hid his emotions among his peers and students. He wasted no time in getting out of his seat and out of the great hall, his thoughts so lost in his worry for his missing son. As he made his way out of the castle, the chatter from the great hall grew softer with each step away. Severus couldn't help but look back on the past summer with his newly adopted son. It seemed like an eternity when he found himself in Harry Potter's small bedroom all those months ago, hoping with annoyance, bitterness and hatred that James Potter's son was only throwing a tantrum to seek attention from Albus. What he found instead, Severus would never had dreamed of... He had found Harry… a boy as lost, afraid and abused as Severus was at that age. Harry was ready to give up, ready to die and leave this world full of hate and war and darkness as he had always known it to be but Severus showed him that besides the darkness, there was light. There was hope, love and family. He showed Harry that there was no reason to give up, to keep fighting and in each other, they both found a family. The boy-who-lived was never who Severus thought him to be. He had learned the true person Harry was, making him realize how much he cared for the boy. Severus was so proud of his new son. They still had stuff to work out but they would figure it out within time. Despite of the time limit caused by the war, Severus still did not want to rush the boy. Those thoughts led to darker thoughts as he now stepped out of the castle, the chilly air signifying the official start of Fall. There will come a time when Harry will hate him, believing that Severus betrayed him, but it was all for the war, for the greater good. It was the only chance Harry has to survive and Severus trusted in Albus that his plan will work, that the light side will win and Harry will understand in the end, even if Severus himself did not survive. It tore Severus up inside thinking about his promise to Albus. He hated himself for it, but he will have to fulfill the old wizard's wish. A glowing bright light illuminated the darkness around him. Severus stopped walking, eyes fixed on the patronus heading his way. It was a large dog-like creature. Upon closer inspection, he realized it was a wolf. He wondered whose patronus this was since the only person he knew who owns a wolf patronus was sitting at the great hall in the opposite direction. Severus waved his wand, ordering the patronus to deliver its message. "Hagrid, this is Tonks, I have Harry. We are outside the Hogwarts's gates," the patronus spoke. Deep relief went through Severus for his son was safe, although, he still couldn't help but wonder at Tonks' interesting patronus. Once he reached the entrance gates he could see his son taking off his invisibility cloak and standing outside the gates with Tonks. Thank Merlin he's alright, Severus thought, remembering the raw fear he felt when his son was taken by Greyback. "Your late, Potter," Severus growled, glaring at Nymphadora Tonks who was sporting golden blonde hair. He hadn't failed to notice that her patronus was a rather large dog. He hoped this had nothing to do with a certain werewolf. "Sir, I …," Harry started, taken aback by Severus' tone. "I don't want to hear it, Potter," Severus snapped as he opened up the gates. "Get inside!" His worry and fear was now turning into irritation at the boy's carelessness. Anything could've happened! Why couldn't Harry just stay out of trouble for once? Harry glared at him with bright, green eyes as he stepped inside the gates, mumbling a goodbye to Tonks. Severus completely ignored Tonks who was trying to make conversation with him as he shut the gates. He was starting to realize that the witch might be harboring a crush on Remus, and Severus was not liking it. He would have to warn the werewolf as soon as he got the chance. They then made their way back to the castle. He could feel Harry studying him, trying to figure out if he was acting or really angry at him. Severus had to admit he was torn at being angry at the boy's foolishness of not being careful and concern for why he was late and sporting a broken nose. The walk to the castle was tensed, tensed like when they first started living together in Severus' quarters. He glanced at Harry whose eyes were on the ground, blood still on his face. "What happened?" Severus asked, his anger now slowly ebbing away. Harry scowled, "so I guess you're done acting the evil Potions Professor?" "Do not take that tone with me, Harry!" Severus snapped. At his son's glare, he forced himself to calm down, not wanting to start the beginning of this term with a bloody argument. "I know I acted a bit brash back there with Tonks. You'll have to excuse me; I was overcome with worry for your wellbeing since you failed to show up on time to the feast with your annoying bunch of Gryffindor brats!" "Don't insult my friends!" Harry scowled. Severus glared at Harry, feeling an ugly argument starting to rise. For a brief moment, he wondered what happened to the sweet boy whom he called his son, before he dropped him off at the Burrow yesterday. Suppressing an impatient sigh, he tried to force his sharp words away. "We don't have time for this…now tell me what happened to cause your delay from the train!" "It was Draco!" Harry said in exasperation. That stopped Severus in his tracks. The blonde Slytherin had spent several weeks with them during the summer. Both he and Harry had fought a lot at the beginning, until Harry had spent several days at the hospital wing for slicing open his wrist. The boys both formed a truce which led to a close friendship. He knew Draco's departure was hard on both of them, especially since they were both on different sides of the war. He couldn't believe that Draco would hurt Harry physically, even if it was to cover himself from his Slytherin peers. "What happened between you two on the train? I'm guessing you were fighting? It didn't take long for you to become enemies again, did it?" Severus sneered. He couldn't help being an asshole, it was in his blood and the worst of him always came out when he was stressed out or angry. Harry didn't say anything, only glared at the castle in front of them. They continued walking in silence. Severus was about to give up on an answer until he heard Harry say, "we were fighting, dad, it was as if nothing ever happened, like we were never friends…." Severus could hear the hurt in his son's voice and that was what freed him of his anger completely. He pulled the boy into a one armed hug, not saying anything else, their harsh words to each other momentarily forgotten. Once they reached the stone steps of the castle, Severus stopped walking. "Hang on a moment, son," Severus said, taking out his wand. Harry flinched and stepped back. Severus gave him a questioning look. "There is no need to fear me, Harry, despite my sharp words, I still care for you very much. Let me heal your nose. I expect you must be in pain." Harry looked at him then looked away, running his hand through his messy hair. It was something Severus soon learned was a habit he did when unsure or nervous, completely opposite of James Potter who mused up his hair in arrogance. "Sometimes I just can't figure out if your acting or you really despise me," Harry said quietly as Severus lifted his chin. His heart broke at Harry's words and he wished for the