" All Capitol Forces take heed: District Thirteen has been neutralized. Suppression of hostile forces within the remaining districts is now authorized." - Bulletin from General Bernardus Valerii, commander of the Capitol Military Forces and acting President of Panem. /-\\ Soryn Lockwood stared out into the starry night, lying in the grass outside the Widow's Peak of District Twelve. Ever since Soryn's Mom and Dad left to go help with the war effort, his Uncle Marty had stepped in to look after him. And since he did not enforce the house rules as heavily as his parents did, Soryn often stayed out past dark in the meadow looking at the stars, allowing his imagination to run loose, sometimes wondering what it would be like to travel beyond the planet he was currently bound to. While there were plenty of places for to do this sort of thing, the meadow was a place of tranquility to escape the doom and gloom that permeated District Twelve. With the rebellion in full swing, Soryn stayed out even later than when the Capitol's Peacekeepers patrolled the district, but eventually he had to get home before his uncle came out to look for him. Satisfied with his time in the meadow, Soryn headed back home. His uncle often punished him when he stayed out this late, but he was not extremely creative with his disciplinary actions. At first, he would just send Soryn to his room, but became frustrated when he would escape the room with almost no effort. After that, he locked Soryn's window in a way that it could not be opened from the inside. Even then, he still had plenty of things to do in his room, things he kept hidden from his uncle extremely well. When he came within view of his house, Soryn noticed his uncle was still awake. Taking a deep breath, he walked through the front door, bracing himself for whatever punishment his uncle could throw at him. He would probably lock him in his room until lunch the next day and then let him out to do chores. There could also be a meeting with the belt. Soryn walked in the door, but instead of standing and staring at the door with his look of disapproval, Uncle Marty was rushing about the house, in his combat harness. Soryn stood at the doorway, wondering what was happening. Soryn had seen him do something similar to this before when the rebel forces did drills, but the look in Uncle Marty's eyes indicated something more than a field exercise. After a while, Marty noticed Soryn. "Soryn, get your evac bag." Marty said with a tone that bordered on panic. Soryn hesitated for a moment, so Marty reinforced his order. "Soryn, we have maybe two minutes before the Capitol arrives and I want you out of the combat zone as quickly as possible, so grab your bag and head to the safe house, NOW!" Spurred by this revelation, Soryn ran to his room and picked up his bag from underneath his bed, and grabbed a picture of his family before heading back to the kitchen for whatever else his uncle had to say. As he walked down the hall, an explosion shook the ground. "They're ahead of schedule." Marty muttered to himself. "Let's go!" his uncle shouted as he got into the kitchen. Uncle Marty grabbed Soryn's hand and headed to the door, which was opened with a swift kick. Marty shouldered his rifle, scanning the area for threats. When Marty was satisfied, he beckoned Soryn to follow. As the two made their way down the street, a Capitol hovercraft began firing missiles into the neighborhood. While the hovercraft fired its salvo, Capitol troops began dropping down and began firing at the rebels who were coming out to oppose them. Marty aimed at the nearest enemy soldier and fired, nailing him right between the eyes. Marty fired two more shots, and two more enemy soldiers fell to the ground dead. Soryn and Uncle Marty began weaving through the houses, passing by squads of rebels that were preparing for battle. Capitol soldiers continued to pour into the Widow's Peak, engaging the rebels. Initially, the combat seemed one-sided in the favor of the Capitol, but as more rebels came to meet the invaders, the fighting came to a standstill. Rounding a corner, they nearly ran into a Capitol soldier. Marty reacted first, knocking the man's helmet off with a single punch. Stunned, the Capitol soldier tried to locate his attacker, throwing a series of wild punches in their general direction. Marty intercepted one of the punches, grabbed the man's wrist, twisted it, threw him over his shoulder, and sending him to the ground, finishing him off by stomping on his windpipe. The scuffle drew the attention of two more soldiers who spotted Marty and began shooting down the road. A squad of rebels arrived, drawing their attention. One of the soldiers went down in a hail of gunfire, his mangled body falling messily to the dirt. The other soldier dove out of the way and began fire shots from around his cover. The rebel squad split, with one half maintaining their position while the other moved up. The Capitol soldier figured out what was happening and fired a grenade at the approaching squad, killing three of them and wounding two more. Marty shouldered his rifle and took aim. While the other rebels were keeping the soldier pinned down, Marty lined up his sights on where he estimated the soldier had hidden himself behind cover. Pulling the trigger, he sent a round through the wall. The rebel squad's leader signaled his men to stop firing. A moment later, the soldier's body slumped out from behind his cover, with a hole punched into where the bullet had passed through his shoulder and into his chest. The rebels went to tend to their comrades as Soryn and Marty continued to make their way to the safe house. A squadron of hovercraft began a strafing run, chain-guns spewing out a hail of gunfire, tearing up houses and rebels alike. Marty kicked Soryn to the dirt and dived to the opposite direction. The hovercraft passed overhead, reducing houses to rubble. Soryn lifted himself up slowly, taking care to avoid gunfire, and went to check his uncle. Marty slid up next to the nearest house, trying to remain steady as explosions shook the ground beneath them. It was not hard for Soryn to notice the blood pooling around his Uncle. Marty had taken a grazing shot when the hovercraft passed overhead during their strafing run, and while he was still alive, his hip had been blown apart. Soryn crawled towards his uncle. From what he had seen from all of the patients his mom had tended to, his uncle was not likely to survive. Marty waved him back and pulled out his sidearm, continuing to fire down the street, providing suppressing fire for the other rebels who were still in the fight with a fire in his eyes. One shot caught a Capitol soldier in the chest, while another took one to the shoulder. After minute, the gun slipped from Marty's hand. Soryn scrambled towards his uncle, reloaded the pistol, and handed it back to him. A small hint of a smile passed over his uncle's face before he went back to firing. More rebels came out from behind Soryn and engaged the Capitol troops, quickly cleaning whittling them down and forcing them to retreat. Even though the rebels were pretty jubilant at their small victory, Soryn knew that something worse was just around the corner. Soryn looked back at his uncle. Marty's body had gone limp, his eyes still open with an intense glare that he had when in the middle of combat. Soryn closed his eyes just like he had seen his Mom do when someone had died on her operation table, his hand quivering as adrenaline pumped through his veins. While finding people who had dropped dead in the streets was not uncommon, he had never seen anyone in his family die. As tears began to reach Soryn's eyes, another explosion rocked the ground, followed by a wave of heat. The Capitol was torching the Widow's Peak. Jumping to his feet, Soryn took one last look at his uncle before turning to run towards the safe house. Soryn leapt from side to side, dodging the flames that began to sweep through the neighborhood, keeping close to the ground to avoid the smoke that began to obscure his vision. He was grateful that his uncle had taught him this route blindfolded, otherwise he would have been turned around and would have probably run straight into a fireball. The going was slow as Soryn navigated the burning neighborhood, when he began to think that he might have actually become lost, he spotted the safe house. Calling upon his last reserves of strength, he began sprinting towards the safe house, until a screeching missile cut through the ground and exploded, knocking him on his back. Getting up to one knee and saw what remained of the safe house: a smoldering crater. There was no screaming as the blaze consumed the ruins. Anyone who had been quick enough to get to the safe house had only locked themselves inside a deathtrap. Soryn picked his family's picture back up and placed it in his pocket and slung his pack over his shoulder. With nowhere else to go, he began to look for a way out of the inferno, moving down the street and avoiding the toxic fumes while dodging the collapsing buildings. Despite his best efforts, Soryn was still breathing in smoke, causing him to lose his pack when he stumbled forward. While he crawled through the dirt, coughing, he spotted the end of the inferno. Pushing himself beyond what his little body could normally handle, he ran towards the clearing. With each step, the smoke seemed to clear a little, and Soryn ran a little faster, still dodging the flames as they leapt out at him. When he finally felt like he was almost to safety, an explosion knocked him to the ground. A lance of searing heat and pain made Soryn let out a scream as he rolled around on the ground to douse the flames. Squirming in agony, he pursed his lips to avoid alerting more of the remaining Capitol troops to his location. With the dirt aggravating his wound, Soryn got up again to head to safety, which now seemed even farther than it was before. He could not muster the effort to run, so he walked, ignoring the searing pain at his back. With a blank expression on his face, Soryn stepped towards relief from the horrible nightmare he was in. Stepping out of the blaze, he struggled to stay upright, taking in a breath of fresh, allowing his head to clear a little. He continued onward, walking in a trance, barely standing as fatigue gripped his small frame. Soryn finally dropped down, clear of the inferno's path, and turned around, watching as the blaze consumed his neighborhood, with Capitol hovercraft raining down more firebombs. Despite his best efforts to hold them back, tears began streaming down Soryn's cheeks. Unable to keep staring into the hellish landscape, Soryn walked further into the woods before he stumbled into a creek and passed out. Laying in a catatonic state, some Capitol soldiers came across the creek, sweeping the area for any rebels that may have escaped. One of them stumbled upon to Soryn's prone form and stooped down to check his vitals. "We have a casualty here." the soldier called over the radio, then he turned to one his squadmates "Mytcell, get over here." "Hey, Stavan, is he still breathing?" Mytcell asked, looking over Soryn's prone form. Soryn choked up a coughed and shifted his weight off of his injuries. Mytcell cursed with surprise "He's still alive!?" Stavan