Queenie: Good day, my lovelies, I hope you all are well. Now, this is the rewrite to my Daughter of War story, which is now called Just Keep Soldiering On. You will notice some major changes and not so major changes in this first chapter, but I hope you like it all the same. So let's begin! When I was a little girl my mother would tell me stories of noble gods, monsters, and great heroes. These heroes were known as half-bloods, and they are the children of the Olympians. The half-bloods were the champions of the gods. They would slay monsters and prove themselves worthy of their heritage, but it's not all what my mother made it all up to be. How do I know this? I am a half blood. Filomena Black, daughter of Ares. "Mena, be careful with those boxes!" My mom—Diana Black—called out from inside the house. I let out a sigh as I moved some of the boxes out of the moving van towards my mom's and my new house. I had already carried most of my boxes upstairs to the loft, which is going to be my room. Now I just had a few bags left, but I still had to help my mom with her stuff. Not that I minded. My mom did give birth to me, so the least I could do is move some boxes for her, right? "Yes, ma'am." I called back as I hoisted one box over my shoulder before tucking one under my arm. They were rather big boxes, so it was kind of awkward to do so because of their bulk. It wasn't really their weight. It was just a bit hard getting a good grip on them. However, I did manage to make it into the house to set the boxes with all the rest. Diana came out of the kitchen to smile at me, and she walked over while kissing my cheek. "Thank-you, sweetheart." She said. "You're welcome, Mom." I said as I smiled at her. Her smile widened in reply as she gently tapped the end of my nose. She then went to start moving those boxes where she needed them, so I went back out to the truck to get the rest of my bags. I paused looking up at the sky as storm clouds started to rumble. Just another wonderful day in Forks Washington. I grew up in the area when I was little, so I was no stranger to this kind of weather. Though I used to live down at the reservation with my mom and my uncle and his kids. However, I had been kicked out of the reservation's schools after a little incident that happened when I was a freshman there. I'd rather not talk about what the incident was. Let's just say a wild badger was involved. Now, my mom moved us off the reservation into Forks, so I'd be closer to the high school, which agreed to take me in to finish my last two years of school. In reality I'm over eighteen, and should have graduated high school like three—four years ago. I'm technically like twenty, but after a certain… curse , I'm stuck being seventeen until further notice. I'd rather not talk about how I got cursed since it opens up a lot of old wounds, and as a daughter of Ares I try to avoid anything that might lead to heavy emotion. And thanks to Chiron influencing the mist and a few other things, the people of this small town don't remember my actual birthday. They all believe I'm really just seventeen. Even my own family does. I hate influencing them like this, but it's just so I can try to live a normal high schoolers life for a few years before I go off to West Point. After that I'd officially enlist, and join the army like my mom had done. Except she skipped going to West Point, and just signed up for the army when she was eighteen, which led her to meeting my father—Ares. I came out of my thoughts as a raindrop fell to hit my cheek. I blinked guessing I needed to get everything inside before I get soaked. I hurried to grab my things before I sprinted back in the house just as lightning streaked across the sky and the clouds opened up to let it pour. "Just in time." Diana said as she was unpacking in the living room. "I'll say." I muttered to myself. "Uh, Mom, I'm going to head upstairs. Holler if you need anything." Diana nodded her head while pulling out a few more things from the box. I went up the stairs with my bags thrown over my shoulder or in my hands. I went to the hidden door in the wall near the bathroom, and I nudged it open with my foot. I went up the few steps that spiraled into the loft. The loft was rather big since it spread out across the entire length of the house. One of the reasons Diana had bought this house because the loft was set it up like a small apartment, so it had its own bathroom that even came with a shower. There was also a small kitchenette with a mini fridge setting on top the counter beside the sink, and on the opposite side was the stove. I even had a little corner where I could set up a small space for weights and stuff, so I could do some warm-ups before training or my runs. There was a work desk with a laptop, a bookshelf that I will probably never use since I don't read much. There was a sitting area beside the bookshelf with a lamp, so in case I wanted to read, but as I said, probably won't ever use it. It was a nice place that probably cost Diana a pretty penny, but hopefully I could get a job soon to help pay bills around here. I set my bags on the bed with a sigh since I knew I had a lot of work to do...and tomorrow...I've got school to attend. "Mena, time for school!" Diana said as she came into the loft. I grumbled from underneath my covers. I did not want to get up to go to school . It can burn in the deepest pits of Tartarus for all I care. "Mena!" Diana said again as I heard her stop beside my bed. "You're still in bed?" I grumbled a bit more, but then Diana tugged my cover down off my head. I blinked up at her with a pout on my face. She gave me an unimpressed look in return. "Filomena Noelle Black." She said pulling out the full name. "You can't be late on your first day of school." "Yes, I can." I muttered. Diana sighed then told me I had five minutes to be out of my bed before she came back to dump water on me. She left me alone after that as I wondered if she'd really try to drown me in water. I frowned knowing she would, so I sat up. I stretched my limbs then sluggishly got out of bed. I went over to my closet to grab some clean clothes. I stumbled over the bathroom while really just wanting to sleep more. About thirty minutes later I came out of it freshly showered, teeth brushed, hair combed then put into a tight bun with no hair out of place, and dressed. I had on a white tank under a brown leather jacket that stopped below my breast. A pair of dark green cargo pants tucked into combat boots. Around my neck was a golden colored necklace that was almost like choker that had what looked like a spear head in the center, but also a set of dog tags that technically belong to my mother. However, she let's me wear them for good luck. In my ears were two simple gold-bronze colored studs, and in my right ear I had a matching band in my upper right ear. "Well," I began as I looked in the mirror. "This is about as good as it's going to get." I grabbed my messenger bag then left my room. I went down the steps where Diana were waiting at the door for me. "Toast." Diana said holding it out to me as they stood at the door. "Orange juice." She had the bottle in the other hand, and I took them both from her while glad to not be leaving on an empty stomach. "If you had gotten up sooner, you could have had a full breakfast." She pointed out. I rolled my eyes her, which had her chuckling then I went out to my mustang that was sitting out in the drive. I climbed in while sure I'm about to go and meet my doom. Half-bloods and school just don't mix. Diana waved to me from the front porch, and I returned the gesture. I pulled out of the drive to take the five minute trek to school. Gods, help me. I arrived at Fork's high school seeing that many of the students were already staring at me... great . I got out of the car while ignoring all the stares. I walked into the school while easily finding the office. There was a woman with frizzy red hair behind the desk, and she smiled up at me when I entered. "Can I help you, Dear?" She asked. "My name is Filomena Black." I said. "I start here today." Though I wished I was anywhere but here. I'm technically over eighteen, so I don't see why mom just hadn't let me enroll in the army. But no, she told me she wanted me to have a nice school experience for a change. I've never had a nice school experience before. I might not have been kicked out of many schools like the others, but that was mostly because I had become an all year rounder after I started attending camp. That was around the time the Fury attacked me on my twelfth birthday. "Oh, yes, Filomena Black, we've been expecting you." The woman said. I stiffened with my hand going to my necklace, which hummed with power. However, when the woman just started getting my papers, I lowered my hand. I didn't mean to react like that, but that phrase 'we've been expecting you' usually leads to problems. Like it was monster code, and usually after the phrase is used you have a monster on your hands. I'd hate to start my first day with killing a monster because I'd know Diana would flip her shit if that happened. "Here you go." The woman said. "This is your schedule, your locker number, and you need all your teachers to sign this. Bring it back by the end of the day, okay?" I nodded my head as I took the papers from her hands. I really hope I can read the schedule enough to find my first class. I walked out of the office while trying to read my schedule, but it was all alphabet soup to me. I frowned so focused on trying to understand my schedule that I almost didn't sense the person about to ram into me. I did, however, so I jumped back just in time. The girl I had dodged gasped at the sudden move and fell right on her face. "Uh, sorry about that." I said as I knelt down to help her pick up her papers. "That was my fault." "No, I'm very clumsy." She said shaking her head. "I trip over my own feet and air all the time." I nodded my head as I held out her papers to her. She thanked me as she took the papers from me. We stood up as I ignored the stares of the