For the first time in weeks, Vernon Dursley felt warm. He had woken that November morning and found that the anxiety that had been weighing him down for so long had disappeared. He was loath to admit but, for a while, a part of him had wondered if it had been because of the responsibility-laden change that he was still adapting to in his life: fatherhood. Not that Vernon Dursley was one to shirk responsibility, he would have anyone who asked know, but it was a thought that made a little sense to him as he looked out of the window of his house and sighed at the dull, grey sky. Looking down, squinting in order to see through the mist he had reluctantly gotten used to over the past couple of months, he was surprised to see that there was none surrounding his car. It did, he noted grimly, need cleaning. He glanced over at his wife's dresser and frowned as he noticed a partially open jewellery box. It was one he knew she had not opened in a long time, a gift from her sister, and an uncomfortable thought nagged at him that it had been the cause of the strange noise he had heard during the night. The noise that had preceded the feeling that he shouldn't worry so much anymore. An idea on how to surprise his wife came to him and he moved back to the bed and hummed to himself as he began to make it. 'It's the least I can do,' he told himself. Vernon's wife, Petunia, was, to Vernon's mind, one of the finest women around and, as he smoothed down the last pillow, he looked around their bedroom and realised he didn't really want to go to work that day. He marvelled at the fact that he had somehow wooed her and, right then, he wanted nothing more than to spend the day with her and their son, Dudley. He smiled at the thought and stroked his moustache as he remembered the teasing and bullying he had often been at the receiving end of in his days at his old school, Smeltings. 'What would they say now?' he whispered aloud. He puffed out his chest and stretched his arms wide. 'Director of a successful business, married to a beautiful woman, father to a bright and healthy boy. A proper and normal life. Well done, Vernon, old boy. Well done.' He chuckled and closed his eyes for a few seconds to listen to the familiar sounds of his home and to think about the last few days. Sunday had passed by uneventfully for the Dursleys. After a light breakfast and a long stroll pushing Dudley up and down their road in his pram – the mist, they felt, being too dense to risk going to the park – they had decided to spend the rest of the day at home. While Petunia had busied herself in the kitchen with preparing the Beef Wellington and a sherry trifle for dinner, Vernon had played with their son in the living room. Much to Petunia's amusement, she had found father and son asleep on the baby blanket, with Dudley draped over Vernon's belly. Monday, as far as Mr Dursley was concerned – he was always 'Mr Dursley' on weekdays – had been a ' ridiculous day'. The depressive slump that seemed to have affected the whole construction industry in England throughout the summer – usually their busiest time – showed no sign of changing and he had spent the whole day trying to arrange telephone meetings over the rest of the week with long-forgotten clients in order to at least get some business in. Tired and grumpy, that evening he kept telling himself not to be annoyed at the children running around in their silly masks. After he had parked in the driveway and gotten out of his car, however, he, secretly, was glad Petunia had hidden a couple of bags of sweets in his briefcase that morning. 'Thanks, Mr Dursley,' the kids shouted, muffled by their masks, and they dashed away, whooping and cheering and shouting, 'Trick or Treat, Trick or Treat, give us something good to eat!'. He had stayed outside for over an hour and, with the dense mist providing quite the spooky atmosphere, he was sure the neighbourhood children had quite enjoyed the experience. He couldn't say the same for his suit, however. When he had stepped into the house he noticed, with some dismay, that the mist had dampened the material and he knew it would end up smelling. Monday night had been dreadful. Dudley had refused to sleep and, judging by the sounds from their neighbours, it seemed that a number of the babies in their area had threatened to give their parents a sleepless night, too. Exhausted from his day in the office, and suffering from a headache, Vernon had tried to have an early night. Petunia had taken Dudley into the second bedroom when, suddenly, after the strange noise from the dresser, Dudley stopped crying. Vernon opened his eyes with realisation and took in a sharp breath: all the babies had stopped crying. How curious. Downstairs, Petunia fussed over Dudley, while keeping an eye on the slightly-sweet porridge she was making for her husband. Porridge and half a grapefruit had become Vernon's weekday breakfast since the new year and she had tried to keep it interesting now and then by adding things like chocolate chips – 'they look like stains' – and raisins – 'looks like ants are stuck' – but she knew it was for the best. The radio was playing a series of jingles in readiness for the news 'at the top of the hour'. Dudley, now a little over a year old, was not a fussy eater – he would gladly eat a toy car if you gave him the chance – but this morning he had more of a preference to smear himself and his mother with soggy cereal. Petunia brushed back the hair that had covered Dudley's forehead and a thought, quite unbidden, came to her: what was Harry like? For weeks now she had found herself wondering every day, sometimes several times a day, about her sister and her brother-in-law and the nephew she had never met, and last night had been the worst. Last night, as she desperately tried to calm Dudley and get him to sleep, something strange had thudded in her bedroom, and, as Dudley suddenly and quickly dozed off, Petunia had cried. She was absolutely convinced that she had heard her sister's voice, and then she had cried. She glanced over at the telephone hanging in the hallway and then shook her head, resigned. She didn't have a number on which to call, it was always Lily who called her instead. The gooey wetness of the cereal Dudley threw at her cheek brought Petunia's thoughts back into the kitchen and she smiled at her baby and tried, again, to get more food in his mouth than on his face. The floorboards at the top of the stairs creaked and Vernon made his way downstairs. He stopped in the hallway, picked up the receiver and listened to the beeps. He harrumphed, hung up the phone and walked into the kitchen. 'It's still a dull day, this Tuesday morning,' said the man on the radio, 'but I'm sure you'll all be glad to know that the mists that had been smothering the country for so long seem to have lifted overnight. Forecasters expect the cloudy sky to clear and we may even get to enjoy some sunshine. Not sure if any of us believe them yet, but it looks like things are getting back to normal, folks.' 'I suppose that's why Marge didn't call this morning,' said Vernon, as he drew back his chair and sat down. He prodded at the porridge Petunia had ladled out for him and made a face at Dudley. 'Didn't I tell her she was just feeling under the weather, Dudders? Didn't I tell her?' Dudley screeched and giggled and Petunia rolled her eyes at her husband's joke. In the weeks before, with the mists the weathermen insisted shouldn't be there, there had been an almost overwhelming amount of anxiety experienced by almost everyone, so much so that Vernon's sister had bombarded her brother with phone-call after phone-call, urging him to go and stay with her. Vernon had refused, but he had, reluctantly, admitted to himself that it had sounded like a good idea. It had sounded safe. Now, however, everything seemed normal. 'And in news that may interest ornithologists out there, especially those with a fondness for owls, reports have been coming in about a nationwide overnight increase in owl activity that has experts quite befuddled. We'll keep you posted on that story as it develops.' Vernon, porridge-laden spoon hovering near his mouth, looked at Petunia, who then turned to check the kitchen window. She smiled at him and said, 'It's probably nothing, dear,' and he nodded and continued with his breakfast. He remembered the three occasions on which owls had come to their house: the first being the day they had moved in, the second was when they had received the wedding invitation from Lily and her then-fiancé, James, and the third was a little over a year ago, the day the jewellery box had arrived. Having breakfasted, Vernon untucked his tie and put on his jacket. Dudley squealed a little and began grabbing at his father and Vernon chuckled. 'Little tyke, always wanting me to stay,' he said and, careful of his son's messy hands, he kissed his head and headed for the door. Just he reached for the doorknob, Vernon Dursley took in a deep breath and, convinced that that Tuesday morning was the start of something different, set off to tackle the world construction companies and their need for good drills. He had a busy morning ahead of him, he knew, but, as soon as he had stepped outside, his motivation, right then and there, was that he had his family to come home to and the sooner he was done at work the sooner he could be home. He nodded and waved 'good morning' to his neighbours, got into his car, and backed out of the drive. Up above he saw an owl swoop down, as if coming in to land, and he leaned over the steering wheel to watch where it was going. A sense of relief washed over him when it flew past his house, but the feeling vanished when he saw – or thought he saw – a cat reading a map. He fought against his instincts and didn't jerk his head around to look again but took a deep breath and, his walrus-moustache flapping away as he did so, exhaled slowly. 'She's right,' he muttered to himself, 'it's probably nothing,' but, a little wary of what might be happening, he began to pay a little more attention to his surroundings. Throughout his drive to work he saw several people in outlandish cloaks and out-of-date, and often mismatched, clothing. Not the kind he had seen people wear to the medieval re-enactments that had started to become popular in their area, these were something else and felt even more out of place. He tried to convince himself that they were merely collecting for charity or doing something similar, but a small part of him knew that what he was seeing was different. At work, after checking his messages and making sure Marge hadn't called, Mr Dursley put his mind to what had to be done. Drills. The morning ended up being more than just a good one. All the calls he had lined up the day before had turned into deals and everyone in the office was suddenly busier than they had ever been. Somehow, overnight, there were a lot of construction projects with a Christmas