Chapter 1 "What the hell are we supposed to do now!" I screamed angrily, startling my younger sister, January. She started to whimper. Which pissed me off even more. How could they just leave me, a fifteen year old girl, with her eleven year old sister in the middle of an abandoned parking lot with nothing but a few necessities, a useless Book of Illnesses and some stupid small box that we were supposed to keep at all times. Yeah, thanks Mom and Dad. January continued to make little fearful sobs. "Would you stop that!" I shouted at her. She frowned at me. I looked at the run down grocery store that we had been abandoned at. It didn't look promising, but it was all we had. I exhaled. Trying to calm myself. The only way to survive was to think things through. Maybe we could take shelter in the store. It's bound to have some food and other supplies in it, unless They raided it already. I sat down, pretending to be taking note of our supplies, but I was really just attempting to distract myself so I wouldn't burst into tears along with January. Nowadays, it seemed like we were always running but getting nowhere. We ran all throughout my childhood and now we were running again. How jacked up. Well, I guess everything has been jacked up since the government fell. My father used to tell me that there used to be a great president who had control of the land. He was a kind leader and was leading the world to greatness. But then They attacked. 'They' are a group of people who have made it their goals to keep the government under. The world is a scary place now. With everything in disarray it takes all you have to survive. And without order, there is no law. Without law, there are no consequences. Without consequences, life is a living hell. I used to think my parents where the usual middle class couple from Brooklyn. I was wrong. I think back to the day that all organization fell and suddenly armies of Them raided people's homes, taking their food and supplies and then shooting down entire families in the streets. Being a modest, well fed seven year old, never exposed to any warfare, I was terrified. My parents grabbed my younger sister and I and took off. But I remember clearly, as we drove away in our red pick-up, my mother opening the sunroof, pulling out a machine gun, and blowing the faces off of the evil army. Shortly after, the army was running after us shooting, I was told to get down, but at the last minute I saw my father pulling the ring out of a grenade with his teeth and throwing out the window, all the while still driving. I never looked at my parents the same again. They were realtors from Brooklyn! Were they? Apparently not. Now, eight years later, we were running again. I assumed we were going too another base. My parents belong to an alliance, made years ago, to protect the people. Before They had attacked, my parents and a group of highly undercover people around the world had been searching for Samil Asling, the leader of them. They had come so close, then suddenly the government fell and Samil Asling looked at this as a chance to attack. I have spent years at alliance bases, assisting however I could. I looked out the window of our truck. Wherever we were, it was green. It seemed like we were in some kind of small town, suburb area. Not like any of the other towns we had been to when we had visited a base camp. The truck drove speedily along the bumpy, uneven road. We were probably some of the only people that used a car anymore. So we were the only people on the road. People didn't need cars, because they didn't really need to go anywhere. No one had jobs anymore. Money was worth nothing. Everyone's job was to keep quiet, protect himself or herself, and survive. And you didn't necessarily need a car for that. We passed old boarded up homes and trashed little shops. Most of the windows were shattered. Which meant scavengers had broken in for supplies or They had raided this area. The town didn't seem like another base camp. And surprisingly, we pulled into a parking lot of a grocery store. The windows had been smashed and it looked like the store hadn't been touched in years. On the top of the building there was a sign that read, "Peggy's". Why had we stopped at this run down store? "What are we doing here?" My sister asked. My father sighed. "Dropping you off. It's getting too dangerous. I don't want to lose you two." "So, instead you're abandoning us." January whimpered. "We've been through dangerous situations forever. Why are you suddenly so concerned?" I said suspiciously. My mother shook her head. "Just trust us. You will be safe here." "Trust us." My father said calmly. I softened. "Scarlett, take care of January." My mother instructed me, sternly. Her olive face was sad and her green eyes were hard. Her long brown hair was swept up in a ponytail. She gave us a stiff hug and kissed us both on the head. My dad leaned over from the driver's seat and hugged us too. His kind blue eyes were filled with worry and his unkempt blond hair was hanging in his eyes. "We love you guys so much." "Love you too." We both said. "We will be back for you as soon as we can." He said. "When will that be?" I asked. He didn't answer. He rushed us out of the car, shut the door, and drove away. We watched them go. Not really knowing what to do. We stood there for a while after they were out of sight. It was strangely silent. Creepy. A bird broke the silence by cawing. Suddenly, the sadness left and I felt the bitter feeling of abandonment. Fury welled up inside me. How could they just leave us all alone like this? And here we were. Standing alone. I let my anger out by yelling and cursing. After I was done having my fit and when January had composed herself I was ready to move. "Let's check it out." I nodded at the store. I reached in our bag and felt around for the box to make sure it was there. My hand touched something metal and hard. I grabbed it and pulled it out. It was a simple black handgun. At least that was a plus. I put it back in and zipped up the bag. I slung the bag over my shoulder and headed towards the store, January followed behind hesitantly. The only sound was our boots against the pavement. I took a better look at the store. The windows had newspaper that covered the inside so you couldn't see in. The doors were weird for grocery store doors; they were green with small windows that were also covered in newspaper from the inside. The whole store looked like it hadn't been used in forever. We got to the door and I took a breath. I wasn't exactly sure what could be behind the doors. But I was hoping it wasn't bad. I grabbed the handle and slowly pulled open the door. It surprisingly opened easily. We walked in hesitantly. There were shelves on both sides of the store. It was a surprisingly spacious. And to my relief the shelves were stocked with various food items. The checks out stands were straight ahead of us. The lights were off and it was quiet. But suddenly, that changed. Flashlights abruptly flashed in our eyes and people started shouting. I felt my sister latch on to my side. Figures pointed guns at us. I raised my hands above my head. "Hey! Hey! What is this?" I shouted. I couldn't make out their faces because of the blinding light. Was it a group of Them? Were they going to capture us and slowly torture us into telling them whatever we knew? Someone came closer so that they blocked out the glare. To my astonishment, he was just a kid, probably sixteen or so. He had blond curly hair and small blue eyes. He was tall and husky. He wore cargo pants with a white tee shirt that showed off his muscular arms. "Who are you?" He asked pointing his gun at us. "Uh..." I said. I wasn't sure if he was one of Them or not. So I didn't know what to say. If it was them they'd kill us once they found out we were alliance kids. But why would They have this kid as the leader or negotiator or whatever he was supposed to be? Or was this supposed to happen? Was this our parents' plan? To drop us off at a store full of deranged kids with guns? "Do have a box?" He asked hesitantly. At first I was confused. A box? What the hell is he talking about? Then I remembered the box my parents had given us to keep. Maybe he was on our side. I decided to take a very risky chance. "Yes…" I cautiously reached for the bag. I paused when everyone cocked their guns and stepped forward. "Did I give the friggen signal? No! Jesus, people would you wait?" Ordered the boy then nodded to me to go on. I unzipped our duffel bag and reached down under all our stuff. I felt the box and pulled it up. I slowly put the box on the floor and pushed it towards the boy with my foot. He picked it up, looked at it, then waved off the gunmen. They all lowered their weapons and turned off the flashlights. I could see the rest now. Kids of all ages seemed to be there. The youngest kids being about six to the oldest being probably seventeen. Was this some sort of weird orphanage for lunatics? The curly haired boy half smiled. "Welcome. Names?" He said all of a sudden calm. "Scarlett." I replied, still tense. "January?" My sister said, questioningly. Everyone seemed to just go off and do his or her own thing again. Like something like this happened everyday. Maybe it did. "Uh," I said confused. "Can you tell me what's going on, exactly?" "Well, all of us," He motioned to everyone around him. "We're all alliance brats. Dumped here by our parents for protection. Just like you." "So this is like a sanctuary?" I asked sarcastically. " You could say that," He winked. "My name's Maddox." "Nice to meet you?" I muttered, still ruffled by the sudden change in atmosphere. "Ash'll show you girls around." He said. He signaled to a group of kids. I looked over as a tall guy with unkempt blond hair and gorgeous blue eyes jogged over. My heart did a little jump. I hadn't seen a cute guy my age in years. I suddenly wished my ragged jeans and beaten leather jacket had been washed recently and that my long blond hair had been brushed out so it didn't look so nasty. This was the first time I had felt embarrassed of the way I looked. "Hey. Sorry for the scare. Gotta be careful when those assholes are patrolling the area every night." Ash smiled. His voice was cool and super hot. "Oh yeah its fine." I smiled back. Cautiously feeling giddy. "Anyway, I'll show you around here." He smiled back. I studied him. He was wearing an old blue jacket that made his eyes seem impossibly bluer. He had a black T-shirt underneath and worn jeans. He wore black high tops that were ripped almost to shreds and barely hanging on. It was hard to keep my eyes off him. I suddenly