"Please tell me that is gonna be the last monster attack before we make it to camp," Piper pleaded. Her hair hung just past her shoulders, caked in dirt and blood. Despite being on the open sea for the past five days even the daughter of Aphrodite hadn't found the time or will to brush her hair. Monsters had been attacking them nonstop since they defeated Gaea and had begun their journey home. Percy glanced at the horizon where the Statue of Liberty was making her stand, greeting them back to New York. "Leo, please correct me but isn't Long Island more that way," He pointed to his right. Leo chuckled nervously, "Well theoretically yes, and this is really, suckastic news so hold on. But, you see, Shrimpzilla the Second had this really bad idea to bite off, like virtually ALL the oars on our left side, so we can't turn right anymore…" Hazel groaned, clutching her stomach and raced back down the stairs to the girl's restroom. Frank's expression turned sour. "And, Mr. Valdez, what exactly do you plan to do about that, now." Leo shrugged, "Two options, or more like three actually. One, try to turn left so far that we might end up going right," Annabeth interrupted him, "Without causing the ship to flip over, of course." Leo blushed embarrassed, "I never said we should do that, anyhow option two is to keep flying straight till Camp Jupiter, drop anyone who wants to get off, off repair the ship and return home." "Leo, I want to be in New York City before I turn twenty, so next." Percy complained. "Option three, take our chances in Central Park, land the ship, repair it, and send us speeding away to Camp HB. Get it? HB. Half-Blood. Okay no, then." Annabeth frowned, "Leo, Central Park is like the center of New York City, and NYC is like the biggest city on the East Coast. There is bound to be a mortal who is clear sighted enough to notice us and with our luck she will be a news reporter and we will be all over the Sunday afternoon edition of the New York Times. It's a big risk." "Hey, it's not my fault the reporters can't get enough of me," Leo grinned, flexing his invisible, nonexistent muscles. "They are all on team Leo after all." Piper rolled her eyes, "Leo, you smell like an engine, your hair looks like Einstein's gone bad, your clothes barely hold themselves together anymore and you are covered in mud. No reporter is crazy enough to get a picture of you, it would poison their camera." Frank, Jason and Percy laughed while Annabeth tried to hold in a smile, "Sadly none of us are any better. We need to make a choice. Risk flipping the ship, risk traveling cross country, or risk being spotted." Jason glanced at the sky, which was steadily brightening, 'What time is it?" "Around 10am maybe, 11," Leo said, "The repairs would take only about four hours once I have the supplies, Buford could help. All I need is some wood. Please tell me there is a hardware store in New York." "Leo, they have a shop that just sells pencils, of course they have a hardware store. How long would the repairs take if we all helped?" "No offense Percy but like 10 hours, so um just stay away from my job. Even you Annabeth. If you leave Percy alone, then he'll get in even more trouble." Annabeth grinned, "All on you Commander Leo, you can go ahead and land this ship in Central Park, but please, let us know before you start repairs; I really don't want to get blown up today." "It's Supreme Commander Leo, and it is not just some ship, it is the Argo ll. Central Park here we come," Leo muttered swiping a strand of curly hair out of his face. He really needed a haircut. Navigating a flying warship through New York proved to be harder than it sounded. Lacking the ability to turn right caused more difficulty. Percy was leaning over the rail taking in all the familiar sights with Annabeth next to him. She was pointing out something in the distance and they both smiled. Frank had gone down to check on Hazel, and Jason and Piper were standing by the ballistae ready for an attack. That left Leo to do it by himself while all the couples did couple stuff. Go figure. Sailing up in the air using the Archimedes Sphere, which could make a ship fly just not turn it right, Leo directed the ship over the New York skyline. He was careful not to get too close to the Empire State Building though. Who knew how the gods were feeling today. Hovering over Central Park Leo called out, "Anyone know a not populated portion of the park?" With Percy and Annabeth's help he landed in a clearing off from the main trail, with only a few picnic benches to the far side. It was hard to tell if anyone was sitting there because of the low covering of bushes that separated them. "So now what do we do?" Frank asked. Annabeth frowned lightly, "Buying the wood is easy. Getting it to the ship will be harder. Technically we should be able to drive it right up, but since we lack the needed truck.. or do you think?" As her voice died down she turned to Percy. They had a silent conversation, which they had had a lot of since their return from Tartarus. Percy nodded. "Could work. As long as good old Patrick doesn't ask too much." "Hold on," Piper made the timeout gesture, "What are you talking about and who is Patrick?" Annabeth clarified, "Patrick is the doorman at Percy's apartment. The building had a community truck for trips like this. As long as Percy has his license he should have permission to get that truck. And I packed Percy's license with regards from his mom to try to prevent him from having another manhunt after him." "Sounds like a plan.. Wait another manhunt? What is that supposed to mean!" Piper said, her eyes wide and her mouth open a bit in shock. Percy just waved it off, "Long story," he said, "the truck only seats three so who wants to come?" Frank, who had returned with Hazel from below deck when the ship landed volunteered to stay back along with Hazel, "I'll do better guarding the Argo II." Leo nodded, "I'll get a head start back here on the oars." Piper smiled lightly, "Guessing we don't have enough money for all that wood I better go to, here's a chance for my charm speak to do something useful. Jason or Annabeth?" All at once the rest of the demigods said, "Annabeth." Percy smiled and grabbed his girlfriend's hand. "Come on Pipes. I only live three blocks from here." And together the three of them were off. "This feels too much like Rome for my liking," Jason complained when Piper was out of sight. "What do you want us to do?" "Just keep watch. You and Hazel can keep an eye out for monsters, and mortals I guess. Frank I'm gonna need your help." "Wonderful," Frank snorted, "What do you want me to do Leo, turn into a bunny?" "Nah, more of a mouse, or a spider. Or even an ant. I need to do clear out the holes where the oars will go in. They are full of splinters. Then all I need to do is cut about thirty oars, pop them in, and we are off to go," Leo explained. Frank rolled his eyes, transformed into a mouse and speed of, leaving Leo to chase after him. Meanwhile…. Piper gasped for breath, "Guys please slow down. Are we almost there?" Annabeth glanced over her shoulder and slowed her sprint down to a walk. "Sorry Piper, this is the building actually. Come on." Inside the building was nothing all too fancy. A coach and a few chairs stood off to one side and a curved desk filled the other. The news was playing on a TV. An older lady fussed over a vase of flowers on a side table. The lady glanced up, saw Percy and gasped. Percy walked over, a small smile on his face. The old women scolded him for something Piper couldn't hear but ended up hugging Percy. "For extra credit Percy did a report on that lady, she is his neighbor and he helps her a lot. You know when he isn't kidnapped. Her name is Miss Kelly. She can't drive so Percy takes her to the story once a week usually. She's was actually a clear sighted mortal when she was younger," Annabeth explained. Percy walked back over to the girls, "Miss Kelly said my mom is out right now. She left with Paul an hour ago or so. Just my luck." His face was wistful, yet sad. Annabeth comforted him, 'You'll see your mom. We can swing back here later, before Leo is done." The son of Poseidon did his work with ease. Talking to a shocked Patrick, who supposedly thought Percy had run away from home, into giving him permission to drive the truck seemed almost as if he could charm speak. In the garage Percy pointed out an empty spot with the name Blofis on it. "Um, interesting last name," Piper said confused. Percy smiled at her, "My step-dad's name was Blofis, and they changed it to Blofis-Jackson when my mom married him, though I kept my name just Jackson." The truck was in the far corner of the underground parking lot, with a sign over it. Percy hopped in the driver's seat, Annabeth squeezed in the middle, and Piper got shotgun. The engine purred to live after a second and the driver looked up, "Which pedal is go?" he teased. Piper groan burying her head in her hands and said, "Make my death quick." It turns out Percy did actually know how to drive. Through the busy streets of NYC he had no trouble finding the nearest hardware store. Occasionally he pointed out landmarks for Piper and Annabeth would elaborate, adding information on design, use and age of each building. It turned out they would make the perfect tour guides. When the trio reached the store, Piper went up, 'persuaded' the clerk to give them the needed wood and then ran out the back. Percy and Annabeth, or Percabeth as the Aphrodite Cabin minus Piper called them, had already loaded it into the truck. Driving to Central Park went well enough. They never got lost but there were some close encounters with a hellhound. Pulling up in the park, Percy was smart enough to make a large arch around the picnic tables to avoid drawing attention to the trireme parked behind them. Leo clapped and whooped when he saw the truck pull up, "That's what I call speedy! Frank just finished cleaning!" Percy raised an eyebrow, glanced at Annabeth and asked with his best innocent seal face, "What is cleaning?" Annabeth ignored him and climbed out of the truck on Piper's side. Frank jogged over and helped unload the wood. As soon as the wood was stacked on the deck of the Argo ll and Leo had his handy dandy electric cutting saw prepared for action he glance up. "I'm gonna start now, so if you folks wanna go do coupley stuff," with his free hand Leo gestured of into the open, "Feel free." "Coupley stuff? What is that?" Hazel asked, her face scrunching up in confusion. Leo grinned evilly, " Well," Annabeth shot him a glare, "well, like what they are doing." Leo pointed to a couple sitting at one of the picnic tables. They had their backs to the ship and the woman was was curled up against the man. It looked as if they were