A/N: Written for Fanofbellaandedward as a little pick-me-up! RATED: NC17 (for safety) WARNING: THIS STORY DEPICTS GRAPHIC SCENES OF A SEXUAL NATURE BETWEEN TWO MEN. YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED. PLEASE NO FLAMERS. MUGGLE STYLE ~0~ Draco kicked the front door shut with a swift kick, and sighed. It had been a long day bent over several cauldrons, completing orders for the Ministry and restocking the supply cabinet for local small malady healers. It wasn't always steady money but it helped him break even with the bills, and that was all his pride needed. Groaning, he rubbed his forehead. He had been feeling jittery all day and inhaling noxious fumes all day had only heightened that itchiness. "Draco? Is that you?" came a voice from down the hall. "No," he drawled. "It's Snape. I'm back from the dead. Boo." Two lightly tanned arms wrapped around his waist. A firm weight pressed against his back and, at last, he felt the last of the dress melt off his shoulders. "Now, if Snape looked nearly as hot as you do, I doubt I'd be as bad at potions as I am." Draco smirked, peering over his shoulder. Two bright green eyes teased him from under a black wind-swept fringe. "You're not bad," he smirked. "You're just lazy." A firm hand smacked his backside. He leaned down and pressed a chaste kiss to Harry's mouth. "Now, are you going to let me get out of these stiff clothes and into something more comfortable?" A faint blush crept on Harry's cheeks, but Draco ignored it as he unwound the tan arms from his waist. Harry let him, a gleam in his eyes that tickled the hairs on the back of Draco's neck. Loosening his tie and undoing the buttons of his waistcoat, Draco allowed his polished shoes to guide him down the hall to their bedroom. They'd moved into their London flat about two years prior. It wasn't as small and 'cosy' as Harry would have liked, but it wasn't as grand as either of their money could buy; it was the best way they'd been able to compromise. The walls were mainly a warm white colour, highlighting the dark wooden floors and the combination of comfy and bespoke furniture. The front door opened up into a small walkway which opened out onto a open-planned living area complete with moving photos, a flat-screen TV, and a pair of french doors that lead out to a wrought iron balcony that over looked the river. The fireplace was on the one feature wall that had a gorgeous resort sea-blue painted on it. The kitchen was separated from the living area with a wrap-around island, which Harry loved cooking at. The hallway lead down to a set of doors -the left leading to their bedroom and the right leading to their bathroom -and a black spiral staircase that lead up to their little glass attic addition which acted as a garden-come-astronomy room. It was along this hallway, as Draco slipped his arms out of his waistcoat that he let his eye drift over the photos mounted on the walls in black, matte frames. They were four moments that Draco adored and couldn't help but smile at every time he walked by. They were of their best four dates -so far. There was the one where Harry had somehow convinced him to go ice-skating in muggle Paris. That had NOT been fun, despite how cute they both looked clumsily skating, with ear muffs and thick scarves. With a weary sigh, Draco turned off into their bedroom, ready to kick his shoes off, and stopped dead. Every available surface was decorated with candles -thick ones, thin ones, even some vanilla scented ones -bathing the room in a sultry, golden glow. The hairs on his neck stood up. "So?" Harry asked, his voice a deep husky whisper. Draco fought the urge the shiver. He turned on his heel and cocked a sleek blonde eyebrow at his lover. "What's all this?" he purred. Harry shrugged, his mouth twitching into a sly grin. "I figured you wouldn't remember." Those words sent a shot of panic through Draco's nervous system. Was it their anniversary? Surely he hadn't forgotten one? Harry wouldn't be acting so calm if he had. Licking his lips, he straightened. "Remember what?" he asked. Stepped up so that they were a few inches part, Harry moaned low in his throat. "Well ... it was our twelfth date and you didn't want me to go home so ..." "-I took you up to my room in the manor," Draco smirked, his stomach flooding with warmth at the memory. "And you promised me that we'd do what every year on this day, since I had to suffer that VERY awkward morning coming down in rumpled clothes, your underwear in my pocket, and being grilled by your father over breakfast?" Draco narrowed his eyes. "I promised you could do anything you wanted to me." Harry grinned broadly as he toyed with Draco's collar. "Well ... I think it's time I collected on this years promise." "So what's with the candles?" Draco asked as he lazily slid his belt out of his trousers. "Well since this is my decision of what we do tonight I want us to do something we've never done before." Draco couldn't mask his surprise. Something they hadn't done before? That was a reasonably short list. Considering how Harry had never been with a guy before he'd gotten with Draco -once the initial soreness had passed -he'd turned into a starved dog, begging for his bone. "And what, pray tell, is that?" he purred, leaning down to brush his lips down Harry's neck. The scent that clung to Harry's skin was always like a kick to his senses. Draco, who had been ready just to kick back with a mug of tea in front of the TV, was suddenly hardwired and pressing up against his tightening trousers. "Don't keep me waiting, Potter," he growled. Harry chuckled against his ear. "I was thinking maybe this year we could make love ... without magic." Draco froze. He hated hearing those words. Whenever they'd tried to do something without magic, it had always left Draco feeling ... like he was lacking something. Most of those experiences had been limited to cooking and travel but sex ... that was just too intimate to tamper with, surely? Leaning back, he regarded Harry with scrutiny. "Are you sure?" Nodding his head, the younger wizard brushed his hands under Draco's shirt, giving his tight shoulders a squeeze. "Positive. And this time ... I want to make love to you." Again, something twisted inside Draco. Normally, he was the one who topped since that was just how their relationship had started. He wasn't opposed to Harry topping -it just too a bit for him to adjust to being dominated. He got defensive sometimes, tried to wriggled out from underneath. Not to mention -as reluctant as he was to admit it -Harry was thicker than he was. It literally took him some getting used to, having Harry fill him up to breaking point. "Are you trying to kill me?" he asked as his hands came to rest on Harry's neck. Harry quirked an eyebrow with a smirk. "Scared, Malfoy?" Draco glared mockingly. They were as stubborn as each other. Grabbing the front of Harry's shirt, he seethed; "Fuck me into the mattress, Wonder boy!" before crushing their mouths in a rough kiss. Harry backed them up until Draco's legs hit the bed. They came crashing down on the clean sheets, Harry's weight a long-missed feeling. Draco's hands clawed through Harry's hair as they attacked each other, kissing, biting and sucking on the skin being rapidly exposed to the other's gaze. Draco had to grumble when they had to manually undress. Ripping shirt buttons off and snapping leather belts against his skin only enraged his libido but it didn't help that he still didn't have Harry IN him yet. Harry leaned over him, his tan skin a soft caramel colour in the glow of the candles. His eyes were almost swallowed my his pupils and he was already breathing deeply. He leaned back completely, unfastened his trousers and slid out of them. Stroking his hands up Draco's legs made the blonde man quiver; having soft fingers brush through the fine blonde hairs up his shin was oddly ... arousing. Staring up at the ceiling, Draco drew in deep slow breaths, focusing purely on Harry's touch. His knees were widened, allowing the hot weight of Harry's body settling between them. It rubbed against his erection, making him harder. His breathing deepened. A soft moan elicited from Draco's throat as Harry pressed hot, open-mouthed kisses up his abdomen. Usually it would have tickled but, in that moment, it made every muscle quiver with anticipation. Harry spread the pale legs even wider, pressing himself flat against Draco as he nipped a trail up his throat, revelling in the soft panting coming from his lover. "God, Draco, I love having you at my mercy," Harry smirked as he nibbled along Draco's jawline. He let his tongue wander over the pale skin and rocked his hips downward. Draco grunted and thrust his hips, grinding their dicks together through the burn of their underwear. Draco let out a deep groan as Harry swallowed him whole, the smooth wetness of his throat making Draco throb. His hands fisted the sheets, his knuckles turning white. "Nnnnnngggah Harry you dirty tease!" Releasing his lover with a wet 'pop', Harry leaned up on his arms and knees and sat cross-legged between Draco's strong, pale thighs. "Try and relax, okay?" "Thought you wanted to make me squirm?" Draco bit back, feeling relax and excited all at once. A swift smack to his pert arse shut him up. "I love watching you squirm, darling," Harry quipped. "However, for now I just want you to lie back and enjoy yourself." With a roll of his eyes, Draco dropped his head back on the pillow, slowly spreading his legs to give Harry easier access. The first finger was a tight fit and made him flushed and uncomfortable. Although, Harry devouring his dick as he did so was more than distracting enough. Reaching out, Draco raised his hips and tangled his fingers in the soft black hair. He slid his knees up over Harry's shoulders to make everything easier. Once he was focused purely on getting head, Draco was able to relax and ease into the rhythm of Harry working his entrance. He had about three fingers inside him now, which was usually more than enough. His stomach flipped at the thought of being filled up! Usually they'd be done with foreplay and into some deep serious love-making right about now. There was usually very little focus about lube or protection charms of potions. It was all there within a snap of their fingers. "Are you ready?" Harry's throaty whisper flooded his sense. Draco looked up at his lover, a tan God with flushed cheeks and messy, sweaty hair. He gave a shaky nod. Harry smiled breathlessly before bending down to press a hot kiss to the blonde's mouth. He then stretched out his arm and swiped a small foil packet of the bedside table. Draco frowned. "What-?" "Shh, shh," Harry hushed him with a finger against his lips. "Don't worry about it, it'll feel good." Draco laid back down, but couldn't deny that he was a little less relaxed than he had been a moment ago. ' I trust Harry. I trust Harry. I trust Harry ,' resounded through his head like a mantra. He watched, fascinated, as Harry ripped the foil packet open with his teeth and slipped the condom out. He grimaced at the oily little disc and how Harry rolled it down his shaft with minimal fumbling. "Isn't that gross?" Draco found himself asking, as he leaned up on his elbows. "A