Ab Aeterno Copyright 2016, LilacLilyFlower Disclaimer: I do not own anything except for my own ideas and characters. -O-O-O-O- Chapter 1 -O-O-O-O- "Happy seventh birthday!" It was January 17, 2001. Chae-Seon Lee opened her eyes to her mother's grinning face. "Wake up, honey!" her mother, Mina Lee, cheered. "Take a look at your presents! Come on! Get out of bed!" Chae-Seon pulled the covers back over her head. Mina yanked the covers down. "Chae-Seon," she said sweetly, "I mean it. It's time for breakfast and presents." Chae-Seon oozed out of bed to the floor, mumbling. "Sleepy," she muttered. But she got up and made her way to the kitchen, sitting down at the table and blinking blearily at the wrapped present in front of her. Her mother slid a bowl of rice over to her. "Eat, and make sure you finish your soup." She ate mechanically, mind numb to the world. But slowly, she woke up. Chae-Seon finished her food and reached for the present. It was a small package, about the size of a pencil case. She carefully unwrapped it, folding the wrapping paper to reuse. Then, she opened the box, and blinked at the item inside. It was a watch. The face was copper-colored, the numbers Roman numerals, and the straps were of interwoven brown leather, allowing for easy size adjustment. It was simple, sleek, and minimalistic. Mina smiled tentatively. "Do you like it? Your father told me to give it to you when the time was right. Before he…left." That jolted her to attention. "Dad?" she asked, the word foreign in her mouth. "He did? How do you know now is the right time?" "Things are becoming stranger out there," her mother mused, eyes flicking to the kitchen's single window. Chae-Seon frowned. "Mommy? What?" Mina seemed to snap out of her ponderings, shaking her head and looking back at her daughter. "It's about time you got it," she said, smiling again. She reached out and plucked the watch out of the box. "Here, I'll put it on for you." Chae-Seon stretched out her arm, and her mother fastened the watch on her wrist. She must have imagined it, but for a moment, it felt as if there had been another pair of hands over her mother's. The watch seemed to warm, and she examined how it looked on her wrist. "I like it," she announced. Some of the tension around her mother's eyes disappeared. "I'm glad. Your father would be happy to hear that." She frowned again as she heard that. "Mommy," she ventured. "Is Dad…dead?" Mina laughed. "No, that's impossible. It's not possible for someone like him to be dead." "Who is he?" The question sobered Mina up. She glanced out the window again, sighing. "I'll tell you when the time is right." "I thought now was the right time." Mina reached out and tucked Chae-Seon's shoulder-length hair behind her ear. "My bright, bright Chae-Seon. Not for this, sweetie. It's not the right time." She brought her hand back and rested her chin on it. "Not for this." -O-O-O-O- After school, Chae-Seon got in her mother's car. She tilted her head to the side when she saw the bags in the backseat of the car. "Are we going somewhere?" " You're going to a summer camp that your father wanted to send you to," Mina replied, buckling her in and getting into the driver's seat. She started the engine and began to drive. "But it's winter." Chae-Seon furrowed her brows, irritated at the sudden mentions of her father that seemed to crop up for the entire day. "Besides, he's not here. He can't tell me what to do!" "You'll go," Mina said sharply, so different from her usual tone that Chae-Seon fell silent. After a silence, she added more softly, "It's important. You'll realize later. Please understand, baby." Chae-Seon petulantly looked out the window. But soon, the pout left her lips, and she dozed off, dreaming of fields of clover and sunsets. She came to when the car stopped moving and the engine ceased its rumble. She rubbed the sleep out of her eyes and looked out the window. And her jaw dropped. Stretching out in front of her, below the hill that the car was on, were fields and fields of undisturbed, pristine snow. There was a large cabin with smoke rising from the chimney, a lake that had frozen over, and if she squinted, a cluster of more cabins. She unbuckled herself and opened the car door, shivering as the winter air swept into the car. She followed the sound of her mother's voice, and found her standing in front of a pair of pillars, talking with a man in a wheelchair. They stopped talking when they saw her, Mina smiling sadly. "You must be Chae-Seon," the man said. He presented her with his hand. She shook it. "My name is Chiron. I'm the activities director of Camp Half-Blood." "Chiren?" she said, stumbling over his name. "Chi ron ," he gently corrected. He looked at her mother. "You didn't tell her anything? Not even any of the old stories?" "I didn't want to risk it," Mina replied. "You know how it is. Once they know, their scent gets stronger, and with the prophecy…" Chae-Seon looked back and forth between Chiron and Mina, unable to follow the conversation. She smelled? She sniffed her sleeve, but all she smelled was fresh detergent. Mina crouched down before her. "Sweetie, I'm going to have to leave you here. Chiron will explain everything. I," her voice wavered, and Chae-Seon finally noticed the unshed tears in her eyes. "I don't know how much I'll be able to see you." Her heart plummeted. "But," she began to protest. "Mommy—" "Listen to Chiron," Mina interrupted. "I'll write you letters. And no matter what anyone says, your father is important. Believe in that. I love you." She drew her into a hug, but Chae-Seon's mind was whirring. People here knew about her father, but she didn't? Her mother was leaving her? Tears began to well up in her eyes. "But," she blubbered, clutching her mother's jacket. "I can't read," she wailed, unable to focus on anything else. "I have dys-dis—" "Dyslexia," her mother said. Mina detached her hands from her jacket. "I love you so much, honey. But I have to leave you here. For your own good. For your safety." "I'm safe with you!" Chae-Seon sobbed, reaching out for her mother again. Mina stepped back, face breaking. "You're not," she whispered. "I can't protect you anymore." She backed away, silently shedding tears. "I'm sorry," she cried out. "I love you!" She turned around and got into her car. Chae-Seon screamed, running forwards as the car started, but a firm hand clasped her shoulder. She fell to her knees as the car drove away, and for several moments, sat in the snow, unmoving. "Come along," Chiron said. She raised her head and gazed at him mournfully, sniffing. "She took my stuff." "It's been taken care of. It's cold, so let us go to where there is a fire," he suggested. She got up and sniffed again, brushing off the snow. As they walked down the other side of the hill, Chiron asked her a question that changed her world. "What do you know of the Greek gods?" -O-O-O-O- An hour later, head reeling, Chae-Seon stumbled after Chiron, who was in centaur form, to Cabin Eleven, Hermes' cabin. She had gaped when he had risen up, up, and up out of his wheelchair. Centaurs were huge . Chiron knocked on the door of the cabin. A few moments later, it was opened by a girl who seemed to be in middle school. She took one look at Chiron and called over her shoulder, "David!" An older boy appeared in the doorway, looking to be about fifteen or sixteen. He bowed slightly to Chiron, then saw Chae-Seon peeking around him and raised his eyebrows. "Well," he said. "You're a small one. Possibly the youngest camper we've ever gotten." He got down on a knee and held his hand out. "I'm David Mercantin, Head Counselor of Cabin Eleven." She shook his hand, ducking her head shyly. "I'm Chae-Seon Lee," she piped, voice trembling. "Chey-Sun?" he repeated slowly. He thought for a moment. "Let's call you Chai. Like the tea. It'll be a nickname." She thought about it. A new life, a new name. The pronunciation was different, but she nodded. David looked up at Chiron. "Regular or undetermined?" Chiron smiled sadly. "Undetermined." David's face fell, but he fixed another smile on his face when he looked down at her. "Alright, well, let's get you settled," he said, standing up. "I'll take care of her," he told Chiron, who nodded and trotted off. Chae-Seon—Chai—stood frozen in the doorway. David jerked his head, motioning for her to enter, so she did, carefully stepping over the doorframe and into her new cabin. "Hermes is the god of messengers, thieves, merchants, the like," he explained. She nodded, remembering the brief rundown that Chiron had given her. "So we accept everyone, including the undetermined campers." They stopped at the first bunk in a line of many. "Usually, undetermined kids go on the floor with sleeping bags, and regulars get beds. But you're so young, so I'd feel kinda bad making you sleep on the floor." "But," she protested quietly, "whose bed is this?" He shrugged. "It's mine, but don't worry about it. You can do my share of the chores. Did you bring any stuff?" She wove her fingers together. "Thanks. Um, Chiron said it was in a locker in the camp store. He said I could keep it there as long as I needed…" She trailed off, wondering just how long she'd be at this camp. David nodded. "Probably smart. My siblings tend to steal things." He grinned, quick and impish. "It runs in the family." She didn't know how to respond, so she just nodded and looked down. He observed her, eyes drawn tight. "You'll adjust," he said. "The campers here are great. We're all family, right?" "So was Mommy," she whispered. "But she left me." "So you could learn to protect yourselves from the monsters," he said. "She's a smart woman, your mother." "Really smart," Chai agreed. "The best." She smiled up at him. David eyes crinkled as he smiled back. "There we go." "Welcome to Camp Half-Blood. By the way, did you always have one brown and one orange eye?" -O-O-O-O- She settled into an uneasy routine at camp. She'd tag along with Hermes' cabin on most activities, learning the basics of demigod life. Chiron took charge of her Ancient Greek education, history and language. He also taught her regular mortal subjects. But even though she was told over and over that her brain was "hardwired for Ancient Greek", the letters made no instinctive sense to her like the other campers said they would. Chai also met Mr. D. He'd taken one look at her, frowned, and told her, "What is someone like you doing here?" She didn't like him very much. Her favorite part of camp was the bonfire, when everyone would sing and she could stare into the fire and just think . But David had told her that there were more campers in the summer, so she wouldn't get to think then. She loved camp. She really did. But somewhere in the back of her mind, a little voice wondered why it seemed to simple . So relaxed. Because there was a world out there, of monsters and gods and murderous beings, so why weren't they doing anything about it? Why was the pace so slow? And so time passed, winter melting into spring and bringing letters from her mother. She had several realizations then. First: her watch wasn't copper, it was bronze. Celestial bronze . She accidentally pulled the adjusting knob too hard one day, and it came apart in her hands. But