Summary: Percy Jackson had been betrayed by everyone he considered friend in the span of a month. The gods turned their back on him, the campers took pleasure in beating him, and Kevin, a son of Zeus, made rumors of Percy that were completely untrue. Percy could have dealt with all of it, but the final straw was when Annabeth Chase, Percy's girlfriend, kissed the son of Zeus. He left camp, unwanted and unwelcomed by the campers of Camp HalfBlood, unlocking a power hidden deep within him as he did so. Not even two weeks later, he is given the choice to leave the only world he knows. To go and start a new life in a different dimension that Percy could only put into four words: "Lord of the Rings." A world with ogres and dwarfs and dark beings trying to take over the world. Percy finds adventure and more than one type of love in this new world. He unleashes power that shouldn't exist for a demigod, joins an army, becomes a father, and unravels mysteries that were beyond forgotten and hidden. These are his stories. His legends. His new life. Percy x OC Percy x Multi NO PERNICO(no hate tho) Chapter One: Betrayal, Comfort, and Gifts Percy hated camp. Odd. You would think hanging out with his friends and girlfriend everyday after the war with Gaia would be a thing to behold. Sadly, that was not the case. Peace for Percy lasted a month. Max. It lasted until a child of Zeus came to camp two weeks into the month. Percy had just said goodnight to Annabeth as she had an early morning when a scream echoed through the valley. Without a second thought- or even waiting for his Wise Girl- he shot off towards the hill. Percy got there just in time. A boy, maybe his age (Percy got angry- how did the gods miss this one?) and Alecto with her furies fighting. The boy was just barely defending himself with a four foot steel pipe. "Alecto!" Percy shouted, not bothering to take out Riptide. Both her and her sisters stopped attacking and went down to him. They were just as he remembered them. Leathery and old with bat wings. Yellow teeth and fangs stretching out of their mouth. Alecto changed into Ms. Dodds but Percy couldn't really see the change. "Percy Jackson." She hissed though her heart wasn't really in it. "Ms. Alecto Dodds." Percy said. "Huh, your name kind of makes sense now." Ms. Dodds chuckled lightly at this. She had never met a demigod that could made her laugh. "What is it that you need from us, Mr. Jackson?" She asked. Percy chuckled. "I love how you have no mind for other demigods." He said sarcastically. He looked over to the demigod who was staring at him with fear and wonder while clutching his bleeding arm. "I need this one." Percy told her. "And if we refuse?" Alecto challenged. "Then I'll have to send you back to Hades. Without your consent." Percy replied. Alecto sighed. 'If he only knew. The fates are cruel.' She thought to herself. "Very well. But you will regret saving him." With that bit of cheerful and opinionated information, she and her sisters took flight and left a confused Percy to think, 'Why would I?' He turned to the new demigod who stared after the Kindly Ones. He turned to Percy a few seconds later as Percy began to walk away. "You coming or what?" Percy called over his shoulder. "Come with me or get eaten by monsters. It's amazing that I managed to get Alecto to not kill you." They reached the camp to find an audience just over the hill with Annabeth in the lead. She gave him a questioning look and he gave one that clearly said 'Not Here'. But then Clarisse voiced the opinion of the crowd. "Yo Prissy, what happened." Percy took a breath and chuckled. "Nothing I couldn't handle." Percy said. "But we got a new guy..." Percy trailed off as a blue light shone from his left. He looked over to see a hologram lightning bolt floating above the new guy's head. "What's your name, child?" Chiron asked as he came up from the crowd. "K-Kevin." The boy stuttered. Chiron's voice echoed through the valley. "Hail Kevin, son of Zeus, bringer of storms, lightning, and King of the gods." Chiron bowed and everyone got on one knee to bow. Except for Percy. He did a bow but he did not touch the ground. Not that he thought that he was better than the son if Zeus but that everyone had to earn respect, not just be blindly given it. Even Zeus. Kevin straightened up at everyone bowing. He could get used to this. Then he saw the kid that talked to those monsters. He just dipped his head and left and went over to the horse-man. He hated guy. Who was he to not bow? And the way he just talked to those...things. And why did he not tell the people that he talked to them? Was it a bad thing? Suddenly, like someone was whispering in his ear, a plan came to him. He would destroy this guy. He should have given him the respect he deserved. LineBreak "Chiron." Percy called. Everyone had begun to get up from bowing and Annabeth walked over to him. Giving her a quick kiss on the lips, he continued to talk to Chiron. "I need to go to Olympus." Both Annabeth and Chiron looked confusingly at him. He sighed. "Kevin's got to be at least my age. Maybe a few months younger." Realization dawned on both of their faces. "Zeus broke his oath. Again." Chiron said. Okay. Wrong realization. "No." Annabeth told him. "Percy's Oath. Zeus broke that one as well. Besides, that first oath was discarded when Percy asked- told- them to get rid of it." Percy jumped in here. "That means Lady Styx has an oath after this kid." Percy paused then continued. "Maybe I can convince Zeus to take a punishment?" "I'm afraid not Percy." Chiron corrected. "The Styx doesn't work like that. Because it cannot deal a swift and rightful punishment to the King of the Gods it will take it out on the child of the oath. Slowly and most likely painfully." Percy sighed. "Fine. But I'm still going to go up there so Zeus can answer a lot of questions." And Percy did. The next morning Argus drove him to the Empire State Building and he went up to Olympus. There he met Zeus along with Hera. They were in a heated arguement. "Hera-" "Don't 'Hera' me!" She snapped. "Another one! Really? How old is this one?" Percy chose this opportune moment to cut in. "Maybe my age. Possibly younger." Both gods looked at him. Zeus in anger and Hera... Was that gratitude? "What are you doing here, Perseus?" Hera asked. While he was still a little pissed for the stunt she pulled, he could understand why she did it. "Same subject. Different prerogative." Percy told her. She scrunched her eyebrows in confusion and he elaborated. "Your husband broke my oath. Every kid had to be claimed at twelve." Percy said exaggerating the sentence. He was seriously pissed off. But he only showed it a bit. "Though," he continued, "I suppose it's happy news for you seeing as how the Lady Styx is out for her oath. That means that the child will have a very hard life ahead of him." Percy smiled at Zeus' continuing to pale face. "That's all I came to say." He strolled out of the doors but not before he heard Hera say, "He's my favorite." LineBreak The next few weeks turned bad drastically. News had somehow got out that he had talked to Alecto and her sisters but with a twist. That Percy actually considered letting them kill Kevin. No one but the more easily swayed bought the story. Still, it was about half the camp. Percy's friends (which somehow included Clarisse) began to hate Kevin. The way he acted like he was better than everybody. Then as the month wore on, they all began to side with him. Kevin changed their minds with a technique that had so many possibilities. He controlled the electrical currents in the brain to influence thoughts and memories. The gods came often in order to make up for lost years. Then even they began to hate Percy. Every single one- even Poseidon- claimed that Percy did something to him. Well, except Hades and Hestia. They didn't come at all so they weren't effected. It was at the campfire when Poseidon showed up. He claimed that Percy killed a mermaid, but when Percy replied "Why would I do that?" Poseidon got enraged. "I, Poseidon, hereby renounce you as my son." He said. Percy felt the sea slowly start to leave him but an inner part of him screamed, "NO!" The sea came back to him and Poseidon made a confused face. Why would the sea not obey him? The sea raged at him. Soon campers would corner Percy in secluded spots and beat him. Percy didn't say anything. He actually didn't fight back so he wouldn't hurt them. But they pushed their limits when they carved 'Murderer' onto his side. He eventually exploded. It happened during lunch. Chiron and Annabeth were in the Big House discussing plans for an expansion of the camp. Percy walked in to the pavilion to eat lunch. He had just come from the beach had he needed to heal. Unfortunately, it did leave the scar on his side. When the niads saw it they desperately wanted to tell Chiron and Annabeth but Percy ordered them not to unless in extreme circumstances. So he walked into the pavilion ignoring the dirty looks he got from the occupants. He sat down at the Poseidon table and got his usual burger and blue coke when Kevin spoke up, "Still talking to monsters?" It was condescending and mocking and Percy knew he shouldn't answer but he just couldn't help himself to make some smart ass comment. "Yeah," he said. "We were discussing where to watch the game on Sunday. Maybe you got a place in mind?" Everyone got quiet and suddenly the whispers started. "Did he actually admit-" "Game on Sunday-" "Best place-" Kevin spoke over the crowd. "So you admit you talk to monsters?" "Only the ones that can talk too." Percy said. Apparently it wasn't the right thing to say as the whispers got louder. "Percy?" He froze. No. It couldn't be. She hated it when he talked to monsters. One of the reasons he never told her he does. It was in Tartarus when he first began to talk to monsters. Annabeth hated it. She made him promise never to do it again. For some reason they listened to him. At least the ones that couldn't speak words. "Annabeth-" He tried. "No!" She screamed. "You promised. And you broke it." She ran off with Kevin shortly after her. He didn't notice as he ran toward the entrance into the pavilion. He would have made it if Leo didn't tackle him from behind. He straddled Percy's waist and began to rain down punches on his back. "You. Made. Her. Cry." Each word was met with a punch. Percy didn't feel it. He could only think of Annabeth and the heavy ring in his pocket. His pocket. The ring. "Enough!" Percy yelled. There was a blast of cold air and Leo flew off. Percy felt weirder. Warm and cold at the same time. Meanwhile, the campers couldn't believe what they were seeing. It was Percy, but it wasn't. He got up and he was different. Little specks of white swirled around him and the ground began to get covered in white frost. But that wasn't the half of it. His hair turned a snowy white and