Summary: There's a story for everyone. For every scenario and lesson that you want to get across. This story is one of madness. This story is the story before the story that goes into the story that everyone doesn't know. Percy Jackson had a long fall from the hero he used to be. Especially when the gods banish him to a place full of death, decay, blood, and insanity. It's also not supposed to be real. It's Wonderland. Alice's Wonderland. Except before Alice. And not a hundred percent whole. Or sane. And nothing like it was made out to be. As Percy tries to fight and live in an apocolyptic Wonderland, he gains the name Cheshire for his grin. And because it was the only thing he could think of. And he's going sword happy. He's also going crazy but that's not really important. The people of Wonderland are ruled by the Queen of Hearts, tortured extensively by the Mad Hatter, addicted to drugs given to them by a blue catapillar, and are given a specific time to die by the universe that makes a specific serial killer rabbit really jumpy. Percy- or Cheshire- meets all of these people. Percy's life in Wonderland is started with threats by those who want him dead. The Queen of Hearts especially. In this before tale of the tale, I will tell you the story of The Cheshire Cat. Or Percy Jackson, as he used to be called. Chapter One: He was falling. The space of the hole he was falling through was filled with clocks and other items- Nope. No no no. This is all wrong. Deciding on how to tell you the story is hard. Deciding on which story to tell you is harder. I could tell you the regular one where Percy Jackson found out he was a demigod. I could tell you the one where he was kidnapped by a goddess that had issues with his girlfriend. I could even tell you the story about Apollo. But I don't want to. I want to tell you something with fighting, bloodshed, and insanity. And what a perfect story I found. This is the literal fall of Percy Jackson. Not the fall into Tartarus or even a second one. This is about a banishment into a world thought not to exist. The Before Start really isn't important. Not when I have the actual start that makes the Before Start unimportant and unneeded. Well, irrelevant anyways. Though it is part of the story... Alright, I'll give you a short summary about what happened: Annabeth cheated on Percy with a girl cause she actually gay and used him for fame though that has nothing to do with the story that comes up. There, that sums it up nicely. With a bow on top. And maybe some cherries... I hate cherries. Moving on, Percy ends up in the throne room of Olympus because of some bad decisions like a Jack in the Crack burrito and getting involved with a gang. In an accident, Percy causes the death of an innocent but that's a completely different story. The point is: Percy's sent somewhere as punishment until the gods deem he had enough. Hehehe. That's a fun part of the story. But I still have some ways to go before we get to the part. No matter how fun it is. Let's start there. The throne room of Olympus was large and white, like the guy who sat in the head throne giving Percy a narrowed stare. Zeus, King of the gods and god of the sky, sat on his throne silently as everyone around him yelled and argued with one another. The throne room was filled to the brim with the fourteen Olympians. Hestia and Hades still looked a little uncomfortable with the fact that they were sitting on a throne as part of the council. The thrones themselves were huge and decorated to match their personality. Like for Poseidon his was beach chair with a fishing pole on the side. Though if he ate the fish he caught wouldn't it be considered cannibalism? Percy and Zeus stared at each other without paying attention to the others. They seemed to be having a silent conversation without words. Finally after what felt like years, Zeus slammed his master bolt against the marble floor to silence everyone. "Enough," he said hardly. "I have decided that Perseus should be punished for his crimes. A hero is meant to protect mortals not kill them. So as punishment Perseus. You will be banished from Camp Half-Blood until the gods deem fit." Both Poseidon and Hestia roared their disagreement but Percy silenced them with a look. "I accept," Percy said. "Where do I go?" Zeus took his time to think about it until a perfectly crazy idea popped into his head. Even though I'm pretty sure I'm crazy, this wouldn't have been my first idea. Possibly. I don't know what I would have done in that situation. "A place where I could monitor you at any given time..." Zeus's eyes were lit with something Percy couldn't decipher but thought it was intrigue. "Athena, could I speak to you for a moment?" Athena nodded and stood and walked over to her father. He whispered in her ear and she nodded as he did so. Suddenly she reared back and gasped in an overly dramatic manner. The other gods leaned forward wanting to know what the two were planning. "That... That could work father," she said slowly. "Are you sure though? The... Yes father. I understand." Athena became quiet and walked back to her comfortable reading chair throne. She sat down and stared at Percy long and hard for a minute. Then she turned to her father and said, "Yes. It would work." "Excellent,"" Zeus grinned. "What are you planning to do with my son?" Poseidon asked his brother. His Trident was being twirled nervously in his fingers, it's brass glinting in the light of the throne room. "Tell me." "I have decided to send Perseus to Alice's domain." Silence reigned for more minutes than Percy could count. It was five minutes. Only Percy seemed immune to the stuffing atmosphere that took over the room. "Who's Alice?" Percy asked. Zeus shifted uncomfortably under the gaze of twelve Olympian gods. Zeus quickly turned his attention to the demigod. "That is unimportant," he said stiffly. "What does matter is her domain. Her domain is a mirror world. Though very unlike this one, her world is right next to this one. And with the right tools we will be able to see you and transport you to and fro the world." "What am I supposed to do there?" Percy asked. His only answer was a shrug from the king of the gods. "There are a few conditions of course." Percy nodded expecting something like that. "You are to be stripped of your powers and weapons." It was the bluntness of the statement that caught Percy off guard. Poseidon looked ready to argue but Percy shut the sea god down himself. "I accept," Percy said before Poseidon could argue Percy's defence, whatever that may be... "I used these powers irresponsibly and I accept the consequences." Many of the gods nodded appreciatedly with looks like, Oh my lord he's such an adult. Poseidon smiled warmly knowing none of the horrors that his son would face in Alice's domain. And the horrors he would do there. "Athena, could you open the portal?" Zeus asked. She nodded her head. "Of course," she said. "Please give me a moment to collect the materials." Zeus nodded his agreement and Athena pulled a book from the air. It was large and leather bound. Looked beyond old. Too old to be a simple book. As Athena read the book she waved her hand periodically to form random objects; a watch, a large hand mirror, a tea cup, and a deck of cards. Percy stared at the items and felt a tickling in the back of his mind. There was something familiar about those items. Athena levitated the objects to the float an inch off the throne room floor and had them spin in a slow counter clockwise circle. Percy watched as a hole appeared in the middle of the circle. It was deep and dark and couldn't help but remind him of Tartarus. The only difference is that it was as small as a rabbit hole. Later on Percy would physically kick himself for not putting the pieces together earlier. He would curse himself repeatedly and then go fight someone with a grin. But again, I'm getting ahead of the story. Percy edged to the hole while trying to see what was down it. There was a light somewhere down there but Percy couldn't see where it was. Like he could only sense it was there. "What now?" He asked Zeus. "Now we take your powers," the king answered. "Poseidon would you do this for both your son and I?" Poseidon may not have liked it but he did so without further argument. He said a few words in Ancient Greek and a light green aura of power surrounded the demigod. It swirled and then dulled. The color went from a sea green to an acid green then to a grayish color. It started to get less intense until it was like it wasn't like there at all. "I couldn't take all of it," Poseidon told them. "No matter what, he is still my son and the sea will always be with him." Zeus nodded having no problem with this. "Any god that wishes to say their goodbyes do so now," Zeus ordered. Poseidon, Hestia, Hades, Artemis, Apollo, Aphrodite, and Hermes were the only gods to say goodbye. Poseidon have Percy a hug that rivaled Tyson's. It was short and brief but it was enough to make Percy feel as though his decision was the right one. If only he knew... Hestia came up next and hugged him tightly in her little eight year old form. "Be careful," she whispered in his ear. "Alice's domain isn't what it might seem. Everything happens for a reason." Percy nodded into her hug and she let go and left without looking back at him. Hades was next. He clamped a hand on Percy's shoulder and didn't say a word. His eyes spoke volumes. He shook his head sadly and left. Artemis hugged him. With wide and terrified eyes he gently patted her back while severely confused on why women were the way they were. She also left without looking at him. Apollo have him wink and a pat on the shoulder. I seriously think that guy is secretly gay. Percy thought that too. Aphrodite gave him a hug while also secretly assaulting him. This time he didn't seem to mind it. Whoever Alice was, Percy was pretty sure she wouldn't be treating him like this. Hermes gave him a hug and a piece of advice. "Try not to step on any toes. And Hearts are the difference between life and death." Percy wanted to ask what he meant but Hermes didn't bother explaining as he was already out the throne room door. The rest of the Olympians sat staring at him. The hole was still small but slightly bigger than it was a few minutes ago. The objects were spinning in a faster circle and it looked like the hole itself was spinning without disturbing the marble floor around it. "Jump down the hole," Zeus commanded. Percy took an uneasy step towards the whole. Apparently it was too slow for Ares because he jumped off his throne and pushed Percy down. The objects feel down with him and somehow fell faster than he did. Percy screamed his head off the first thirty seconds of falling. It turned into a yell you do to entertain little brats at a Halloween party and then just descended into silence. Percy didn't