13 xx As soon as the hovercraft landed, they took an unconscious Katniss to the medical bay in 13. Gale went with her, it was wise that he be the one by her side, when she awoke, and not Haymitch. The landing bay was busy with crafts, coming and going, most were bringing in rescued citizens from further districts, refugees, people that wanted in on the attack at the Captiol, escorts and mentors being brought in by their past victors for safety, some willingly, some not. She was supposed to be on craft number two. Where was she? He scanned the area for the colourful blonde but remembered that all refugee Capitol citizens were to dress in 13 attire during the flight over, it was an order. A sudden wave of regret hit home. He had never seen her out of her Captiol grandness. Would he recognise her? "Let go of me! I can walk by myself, thank you very much!" Of course. He'd only need to recognise that voice. He followed the sound of her shrill and crystal cut voice and prayed she wasn't being difficult. Then he saw her. Cuffed and chained and almost unrecognisable. Her natural hair was a long, dusty, blonde mound of waves. Gone were the sky scraper heels and the colourful couture, instead she wore district grey and navy, and boots that were far to big for her. "Hey, hey!" He called out to her and the guards that were pulling her along. He knew Effie could be stubborn, but surely, were the cuffs and chains really necessary?. "Hey!" He called again, witnessing the two guards getting a little too rough with her for comfort, he made his way over to them, across the platform, and she caught his eye. "Haymitch! Help!" She cried and kicked at one of the guards to break free. Unfortunately, before she could turn to run into Haymitchs arms, she was stuck hard, across the mouth by another guard and Haymitch watched helplessly, as she fell, half conscious, to the ground. He bolted towards her, blood boiling and ready for a fight. "What the hell are you doing?!" He seethed, grabbing for the guard who had struck her, and punching him hard in the face. Soon enough, he was grappling with several more of them. "Get off of her! She's with me! What are you doing?!" Two guards took ahold of Haymitch as the rest of them picked a shaking Effie up from the ground and carried her away. "Presidents orders, the woman goes straight to the cells. You gotta problem? You go through Coin" As soon as Effie was out of sight the guards dropped Haymitch to his knees and left him. "Don't worry!" He spat up to them "I will!" Xx Coin had refused to see Haymitch until she realised he would not give up. "Send him in then" she told the guard and sat poised and ready for Haymitch to fly in and lose his shit it with her. Surprisingly, he was calm. Clever man. "Effie Trinket" he began "What about her?" Coin sighed and ran a finger through the front of her silver, slick hair. "Why is she being held as a prisoner and not a refugee?" He spoke slowly and clearly, but Coin could tell there was an underlining venom to his tone. His fists where clenched tight and he spoke to her through gritted teeth. "Because she's not a refugee!" Coin stated, slapping her hand down on her desk and standing so she was just below his eye level "The woman was an acquaintance of Snow and a good enough allie. She is a criminal, she will remain a criminal and locked in a cell, like a criminal, until I deem her safe to be otherwise, understood?" "No" was his answer. Coin rolled her eyes and sat back down. She eyed him suspiciously, stood there, trembling and ready for a fight. All for a woman, that had made his life a living hell, or so she'd thought. "Don't you dare let your personal feelings for this woman get in the way of my mission." Coin started "you know she's a risk she-" "She's not a risk, Alma!" Haymitch pleaded. He let out a groan, took off his black beanie and ran a hand through his sandy hair. He took a seat across from the president and leant forward, arms clasped together on her desk. "She knows nothing. I told her nothing. She didn't even know about an uprising-" "Everybody knew it was coming!" Coin scoffed, in total disbelief at his words "Ok! Fine! Maybe she had an idea, maybe they all did, but she had no way of knowing our plans, what could she have possibly said to Snow?" "That's what I'm going to find out-" "No!" Haymitch yelled, finally loosing his cool. He knew exactly what she meant by that. Torture. He wouldn't have it, not when he knew it was a lost cause. She knew nothing. She would tell them nothing. But it would only make them torture her longer. "You won't touch her, you won't get anywhere! Let me talk to her, if she knows anything, she trusts me, if there's anything I'll get it out of her, torture is not the way, she's….she….it'll break her." "Her or you?" Coin questioned. And for a second, Haymitch saw a twitch of jealousy strike across her eyes. A fraction of admission. She dipped her head quickly, taking her eyes off him as he began to work her out. "You talk about my personal feelings getting in the way…what about yours?" He asked calmly, placing his beanie back onto his head and leaning back into his chair. "I don't know what you're talking about" she lied, clearly flustered and blushing. "Well, whatever I am talking about, or what you think I'm talking about or what you think I feel for that woman, know that my only intention is to do the right thing. She doesn't deserve it and you know that." He looked at her for the longest time. Whether his instincts were right or not and Alma Coin had an interest in him, the answer was and always would be, no. He wasn't one for caring much for others, but it had just so happened that Katniss, Peeta and now his ridiculous escort had struck a nerve on his conscience and in his heart. He didn't know when exactly, that Effie had come in to play, but he cared for her, more than he should and he was jeopardising everything he had worked for but, for some reason, it didn't matter. He had to protect her, them. That, to him, was more important than any war.. "You may speak to her" Coin spoke suddenly. She was also a very clever woman, clever enough to not let a silly little interest get in the way of her true mission. "Report back to me tonight, if I'm satisfied, she may be freed into your care." Haymitch nodded in agreement. "Thank you, Alma" "President Coin, to you, Mr Abernathy." Then he left, and a new struggle formed in his head. How was he going to tell Effie that this, her imprisonment, her kidnap from the Capitol, was all his fault. Xx She didn't even wait to see if it was really him before she flung herself into his arms, and let go of what tears she had left. He shushed her gently, combing his fingers through the back of her dusty hair and spied the chain still clasped around her foot and joined to the wall. "What's happening Haymitch?" She started in a panic. "I was in the penthouse when Katniss shot the arrow, it all happened so fast, I didn't know what to do, those men, they just, they took me away on board that craft and- and-…oh Haymitch, I've never been treated so awful. I feel like a criminal!" She babbled and stuttered through her tears but all he could do was listen, had he the heart to tell her yet? Or, at all? "They made me undress in front of them" she said a little quieter "What!?" "Those men, those guards, they laughed at me" Haymitch gripped the back of her jumpsuit in anger. That was not supposed to happen, this was sick. They were supposed to be the good guys. He wanted to know the names and faces of every man involved in Effie's kidnap. Heads would roll for this. Suddenly, Effie began inspecting him, like she was looking for something, she ran her hands up the length of his chest to his neck and combed her fingers through the tips of his hair. When she was satisfied with her search she let out a sigh of relief as Haymitch stood there, confused. "Thank god, you're not hurt." His heart ached at her endless concern for him. Here she was, abused and locked up and still, she cared less about herself and more for the man that had ultimately put her there. "Did they take you too? Did they lock you up? Are you free now?" "Effie I-" "Was Katniss apart of this? Is that why she shot the arrow? Of course she is, how else would she have known it would bring the system down. Is she alive? Are we in 12? Where are we?" She clung to him, frightened and frail. How anyone could pen Effie Trinket for a criminal, was beyond him. But of course, there were other reasons behind her inprisonment, ones that, hopefully, Haymitch had called Coin out on. She shouldn't keep her down here long. "Are they feeding you? Are you thirsty?" Haymitch asked. He just wanted to know she was ok, then he would report back his own story to coin. "Are you cold?" Haymitch placed his hands on her upper arms "god, Effie, you're freezing, here…" He took his jacket off and wrapped it around her, then he took off his beanie and placed it over her soft waves. All the while, Effie had stilled, watching him curiously. When he noticed her jaw tense and her lips purse into a fine line, he knew he was in trouble. "You knew…" She said softly. It wasn't a question or a statement, it was words. Emotionless, gut wrenching words, falling of the tip if her tongue "You knew all about this, didn't you?" She stepped back from his hold on her and took the beanie from her head, placing it back into his hands. "I didn't know she was going to do what she did, but the plan was to get her out, alive, and bring her here. Yes" "Here? Wheres here? Where are we?" She looked around her cell like it could bring her new answers, but Haymitch knew it was just to avoid his eyes. "District 13" he replied. Her eyes grew wide, her shoulders tensed. She shook his jacket from her and let it fall to the floor. "We've been re building it for years, there's an army, we're preparing to fight…to storm the Captiol, to-" "To kill all those innocent people?" "It's no different to what they did to our people, Effie. No different from the games" He stepped a little closer but she held her hands up to keep him well away "I'm one of those people, Haymitch. Is that why I'm here? Are you going to kill me too?" "No!" He exclaimed "never! I brought you here to save you-" 'SLAP!' She hit him hard across his cheek, then again and again and again until he grabbed her wrists and restrained her against the wall of her cell. "What right have I got to be saved, if my family and friends are to stay there to die?! To be murdered?!" She struggled weakly against him, kicking at his legs and wriggling against his chest. "I'm the murderer! I'm the one who should be punished! I was the one who