"Who is that?" Effie asked over dinner, pointing towards the tall, lurking Avox by the bar cart "New Avox, brought him in this morning I think" Haymitch replied dismissively "You finished?" He looked at her untouched tuna steak as she eyed up the peculiar new stranger "He's very...large" Effie whispered, referring to the Avox's strong build. She could see the definition in his shoulders and arms through the pale blue tunic that he wore. "Mmm" Haymitch grunted with a careless shrug and forked the piece of fish from her plate, Effie didn't care to stop him, she hadn't been sleeping all too well recently and it weighed heavy on her appetite. "What do you think he did?" Effie wondered, probably something dangerous she thought, a man of his physique. She caught sight of his hands and they were big and rough. It made her shiver a little. "What the hell business is it of yours?" Haymitch spat, his tone grabbed Effie's full attention, she turned to reflect his glare "It's every business of mine thank you very much!" She whispered viciously "it's my duty to protect our tributes, I can't have any old criminal staying with us!" "Any old criminal?" Haymitch retorted, clearly not obliging to keep his voice low. The Avox remained busy but she knew he was listening in. She leaned in closer and spoke quieter "What if he's still dangerous? Have you seen the size of him? Didn't you hear about what happened in suite 8 last year?" She said worriedly "The tributes from 8 were treating that Avox like a piece of dirt last year Ef! And with full consent of Pia and Luto, they got what they deserved!" He yelled. Effie gasped in absolute shock at his words. She looked about nervously as if president Snow himself was in the room listening in. Pia and Luto had been on mentoring duty last year, the year one of their Avoxes had rebelled against the city laws and had ended up killing one of their tributes. Self defense the Avox had pleaded in his writing but the games had been pushed back and everything had gone off schedule and in the Capitol of Panem, that simply wasn't allowed. The Avox had been thrown into the games as a replacement, starved for a week beforehand, untrained and barely clothed. He lasted minutes and the crowds had loved it. A part of Effie had loved it too in a sense. A part of herself that she was a little bit ashamed of, only because she hate being of schedule, no not hated, feared. It was also a reminder that no one was safe, even in the Capitol, surrounded by guards and 'her kind' one false move and anyone of them could be dead, be it at the hands of a silent rogue or President Snow himself. No one defied the Capitol rules. She made her excuses and left the table. She didn't want to associate herself with Haymitch when he spoke like that against the Capitol and Snows doings. Not because she was against what he said, in fact, Her main fear was that she could so easily side with him, secretly she did but, to admit it out loud would be treason, betrayal of everything she stood for as an Escort. No, better to keep her head down and her mouth shut. Effie started to riffle through her wardrobe for an evening outfit, there was a party being held down on one tonight, it happened every last weekend before a new reaping, the escorts and mentors would get together and pretend, for one more evening to be colleagues and friends before the competition of the next games began. She didn't hear the strange Avox enter. As Effie closed the door of her mahogany closet she was met with cold eyes and a pale and gaunt face "AHHGGH!" She shrieked and tumbled back wards "WHAT ARE YOU- HOW DARE-" suddenly the Avox advanced towards her and she covered her face protectively, unsure of his purpose. After a second of silence she opened her eyes again to find her room empty. She blinked in confusion and shakily got to her feet. She called out and looked around but no one was there, nothing amiss accept her open door. The humiliation of being so frightened in her own room angered her, she stormed into the dining room and found the strange culprit. "How dare you!" She snapped, Haymitch looked up from his news paper as the Avox shied away for her advancing march "How dare you sneak into my room un announced! Didn't your jailers teach you any manners before you were sent here! Did you not listen during you obedience classes! You KNOCK! And ENTER when called!" Effie was scaring herself, she hadn't meant it to come out so viciously but the Avox HAD scared her and she was still shaking. The Avox nodded apologetically but before she could even think about mustering up a forgiving look she was tugged away harshly by Haymitch. He marched her back into her room and threw her down on the bed "Haymitch! What are you-" "Enough!" He warned. His eyes were angry and he looked disgusted. She closed her mouth and propped herself up with her hands "you enjoy that, princess?!" He spat. His fists were clenched and his face was red with anger "don't you think a man with his tongue cut out for choosing to lead his own life, deserves a break!?" "But he entered-" "Fuck your manners lady! So he didn't knock? You were probably too busy whistling your happy little tune about life in your head to even hear him!" He was goading her now, just waiting for her to say another word so he could slap her down. Haymitch hated what the Capitol had turned him into. She even went as far as thinking that Haymitch saw Avoxes as his 'own kind', people who had been hard done by, by the city and it's leaders. He'd do just about anything for a little redemption, mostly, verbally attacking the closest things to him that were reminders of where and who he now was, and at this moment, as usual, she was closest. "You really disappoint me Trinket! Just when I start to believe there's a little bit of humanity left in one of you Capitolists you get back on your fucking high horses and ride us back into the dirt! You're pathetic, you know that?! You're all the same! Arrogant, conceded snobs!" He left with a shake of his head and a pityful look in his eyes that made Effie feel like the smallest person alive. She decided not to go to the party tonight. Instead she cried herself into an early sleep. xXx Effie heard a voice in her dreams and awoke suddenly. Night had fallen and she turned her stiffened body over so that she lay on her back. She had fallen asleep fully clothed, never the wisest thing to do in a corset. She stretched achily and pulled her already half hanging wig free from its pins and ran her fingers through her soft curls. She looked at the clock. 9:15pm. Haymitch would have already left for the party. She rubbed her puffy eyes and cursed him mentally. How dare he speak to her like that. He didn't know a thing about her. He hadn't realised how uneasy and on edge his words against the Capitol had made her, not just for herself but for him too! Unfortunately she did care what trouble Haymitch could get himself into! And then the Avox scaring her half to death, she just snapped! She did feel a little guilty though, maybe she shouldn't have yelled like she did but she had every right to say what came out of her mouth. It was against the rules for an Avox to enter a private quarter without orders or acknowledgement. Effie sighed. What was said was said, there was no taking it back now. She stood and slipped out of her day dress and corset and placed her dressing gown around her. Her tears had left her thirsty. As she entered the kitchen she found the Avox. He paused momentarily whilst cutting up some fresh fruit and smiled at her. She couldn't help but feel a little uneasy at his creepy, turned up lips but she decided to rise above it "I'm sorry..." She said proudly "for raising my voice earlier...it was un lady like and unnecessary" She at least expected the Avox to nod in agreement but he just turned back to his chopping board and continued to chop hard with his knife "Excuse me, I'm addressing you. I'm apologising" she offered, but still he ignored her. Effie huffed loudly and folded her arms across her chest "Well I never! You could at least show SOME acknowledgement of my apology! YOU were in the wrong, lest we forget! Has thou not learnt any manners since ones criminal days!" She jumped suddenly as the Avox forced the tip of his knife down hard into the surface of the counter "What are you- THAT IS MAHOGANY!" Effie shrieked and marched over to retrieve the knife but he beat her to it. She froze, locked in the Avoxes wild and unnerving eyes as he approached her. She wanted to run but terror glued her to the spot as he came closer. Her heart jumped into her throat as she noticed his eyes wandering all over her, he came so close she could feel his hot breath on her face. She closed her eyes and waited for an attack. Another second or so past before she felt a slight breeze graze past her cheek and heard the distinct clatter of a drawer. Effie opened her eyes to inspect as the Avox carefully placed the knife back away. A sudden wave of relief washed over her and she wanted to cry again but still, terror throbbed in her veins and she did nothing but stand silent and watch. The Avox turned toward her again and bowed his head, open palmed, this was a gesture taught to Avoxes by their jailers before employment, as a sign of recognition of a given order or as means of an apology. Was he apologising for scaring her a second time? It was hard to figure him out as his pose said 'sorry' yet his humble smile and ice cold eyes said otherwise. "You're dismissed" Effie managed and found herself quite without breath "but I will be telling Mr Abernathy of your behaviour tonight-" The Avox's smile widened eerily and he bowed once more "I suggest, if you wish to continue on here, that you learn some mann-" she paused as the Avox began to leave the room "I dismissed you but I haven't finished speaking with- excuse me!?" She followed after him for a moment but something inside her warned her to stop. She didn't feel safe. She needed Haymitch. The party. She decided she would go after all, she needed to get out and be around people. She needed to speak with Haymitch and he was usually in good spirits at parties. Usually to do with the fact that he would be amongst a heavily stocked bar of, well, 'good spirits'. xXx He watched as she approached him gingerly. He hated yelling at her, unlike what she thought, he didn't enjoy it at all but it had just become a kind of routine with them. Effie would be ridiculous, he would knock her down a peg or two and get out some of his anger towards the Capitol, she would cry and ignore him for the day, then he would... "I'm sorry" he said as she stood beside him at the bar and motioned for the attention of the bar tender "Two of whatever he's having please" she asked and waved towards Haymitchs glass of amber. As she