Sweating and groggy, haymitch awoke to the sound of raised voices. One voice he recognised immediately, how could he not. Effie Trinket. He rolled his eyes and turned over. Tired and thirsty. He hadn't touched an unclean drop in 3 days. Not that anyone had noticed. He wasn't doing it for anyone anyhow. He felt trouble on the horizon and needed a clear head, clear vision and his strength. It was a difficult battle but he was winning. He liked winning. He also liked his change of sense. He was seeing things, people, faces clearer. Colours, light, smells that didn't all swirl together in one large haze of grey. And taste! Taste was new! Bacon. He loved bacon. One sense he hadn't fallen in love with yet was noise. If any noise, it was her noise. Chipper and melodic. Every single scentance was a song, he disliked singing. Reminding himself of Effie's daily tuneful nature suddenly shook his body into alert. The voice he heard beyond his bedroom door was not melodic or chipper. True, it was Effie's, there was no doubt about that but her tone was lower, saddened, pleading almost. Her lengthy instrumental diction was quick and sharp and quiet. Something was not right. He crept from his sweaty pit of a bed toward the door. God he stank! 'Effie, why look so disappointed. You should be used to death at district 12. Their just another pair of bodies, 'Not to me! Why does no one understand! My fear, my care for my kids! Every year is heart break!' 'You hide it so well Effie' 'Well not this time I -' She was cut off 'YOU MUST EFFIE! do you want to die too!' 'Stand with me Bishop, I know you care about your kids too! We can show the districts how we honour and love each of our little warriors, like our own! It could stop the districts fighting us, We could win back their respect, if only they could see!' 'Oh, See what Ef...get a hold of yourself! Remember who you are and what you were trained to do! All I see is the money, the fame...and the women' From a small gap haymitch had made in his doorway he saw the stranger push himself up against her. A wave of bitter anger surged through him and his fists tightened. 'Your a liar, I know you care. Your just too scared of the damn government to admit it' 'I'm no liar Effie. Just good at...hiding it. I couldn't care less. Let there be an uprising. They'll all die. Then and only then would we have to turn on our own kind to keep the hunger games afloat' He stroked her powder white cheek. 'I thought you were my friend Bishop' 'There are no friends in Panem Effie. Just players in a very glamorous and rich game. Now to decide, are you a player Effie or are you just another pawn like your dirty little district team!' She socked him, hard! Left hook to the jaw. Haymitch was taken aback. The woman can hit! 'I guess I got my answer!' The stranger 'bishop' grabbed Effie by the throat 'won't Snow be pleased that I brought him the body of a TRAITOR!' 'The only body Snow will be getting is yours, in pieces if you don't let her go' Bishop turned to see haymitch behind him. He let go of her and she slid to the floor in a fit of coughs The strangers smug painted face was all but dessert to Haymitch 'Well, Look what we have here' he sneered 'another traitor for me to k-!' Haymitch took him out with one blow of his fist. 'Hey, c'mere' he whispered as he scooped Effie's sobbing and delicate frame up into his arms and carried her to her room. It wasn't her gregarious outfit of choice for the day, or the streak of teal running through her fake golden locks that he noticed just now. It was her eyes. As vibrant as her nature, yet just as deep as the mystery that he realised she was. Soft aqua in colour. Mesmerising in fact. He sat and waited and watched as she lay motionless on her bed. Her eyes lost in thought of the occurrences that just happened or was it something more. Was she lost in thoughts of the past. Her past? He suddenly grew very angry with himself. He had never even asked her any sort of personal question. A question you ask when you want to know about that person. But he had never wanted to know, not until he saw her defy her 'own kind' to defend some of his. Now he wanted to know everything about her. Who was the woman behind this colour full clown. 'Ive never been saved before' she spoke in low whispers. It must have hurt to sing now. 'Effie?' She sat up and rested her feet back on the ground. Her hand reached for her gold and teal locks and she slowly removed her crowning glory. Her other hand removed the wig cap and Haymitch sat frozen at the scene unfolding. Glossy pale blonde tendrils fell just to above her waist. Her hair. HER hair. It was beautiful. And he wanted to be lost in it. Step by step she unveiled the mask of Effie trinket. First the wig, then the dusted pink and mint lashes, her shoes were next then her green puff sleeve over shirt. She seemed to grow tired with the effort and finally paused and just sat and stared at her bare feet. 'Rescued. No ones...ever...Thank you' her speech was tired and soft, she hadn't looked at him though. Not once. He took this as a sign to stay put. He felt scared. Scared to speak, too scared of not finding the words to say to his once easy target of mockery. He feared that if he said anything to offended or upset her ever again he would regret it so miserably his heart would shatter. He stayed silent. Hoping his presence was enough. Suddenly a spark of life appeared across her aqua eyes and a sudden rush of blush came back to her cheeks. She stood up in her satin slip dress and brimmed a smile his way. It knocked him sideways. 'Haymitch...you stink!' She fell back onto her bed in a fit of giggles. He laughed too. Awkwardly And embarrassed but happy that she was smiling. She stood again. 'Im going to shower. I suggest you do the same Haymitch and we meet in the dining area for dinner? Say in an hour?' Haymitch stood quickly, dazzled. 'I, ah-!' 'Good!' She glided past him, a small reflection of her yesterday self and closed the bathroom door behind her The haze had suddenly returned to Haymitchs world. But not of booze and torment, but of glitter, perfume and that long curled blonde hair of hers. He shook his head clear and darted back to his room. Effie, Effie, Effie, a name that yesterday was a name amongst thousands. But now her name was a song. A song he could listen to until his ears bled. And he disliked singing. Bishop was nothing but a cowardly boy. For some time Effie had pursued an interest in him. She had only spent the night with him once though! And it was after a party, where she had drank far too much! But he had noticed her. Really noticed her. Or so she thought. She shook her thoughts away as the hot water and paint fell into puddles and drained into non existence. Thoughts of a boring yet satisfactory wedded life with Bishop, 3 children a dog and a lush penthouse apartment in the heart of Panem also diminished to the drains. What an asswhole. She then thought of what had just happened. And haymitch. But more so his eyes. Pools of electric blue, the anger as he punched the near life out of Bishop. The care he took as he lifted her to safety. The warmth she felt, cradled in his arms. His silence and patience as she lay there. Deciding her own fate. She would save them. All of them. She would end the anger in the districts by sacrifice. Herself, her life, her career, her wardrobe. What did she need when she was not needed. She pretended her tears where just shower rain and concocted her plan. Haymitch sat at the table, in his best, cleanest clothes. His hair was soft and there was a comfortable air of soap about him. It was new and nice. He had tied his locks behind him with a band, stolen from Katniss dressing box, he'd return it when she and peeta returned from training. He waited, patient yet nervous. He couldn't wait to see her. It was new and nice. She entered. At first, it took him a second to realise it was indeed her. No costumes, no heels just riding boots. no peach eyebrows either! No, they were a light brown and her skin a soft pink, her lips, paintless, but still has rosey as her cheeks. She wore...jeans? Skinny and black. A fitted outdoor jacket with a high collar, also in black and her hair... Her hair, long, thick, soft and wavy, fell about her face, framing her beauty. Her true and real beauty. She smiled at his stunned silence, then dropped her head in embarrassment. 'I know...au natural! My mother always said I looked as meak as a mouse with out my paint' Silence 'Girl has to let her skin breathe once in a while you know...' Silence 'Haymitch, it's hard enough for me to look this way in front of someone else, please don't make it harder by teasing me, the hair! Yes I know, completely shapeless and well the outfit, I borrowed from Katniss! I don't own anything this Comfortable! And don't get me started on the lack of mascara I -' She handnt noticed that Haymitch had approached her whilst she had been waffling on and on. He took her face in his hands. She wasn't used to him being taller than her, in fact he towered over her without her heels on. 'God your beautiful' She looked at him for the longest time and he at her, studying those eyes of hers. His hands slowly moved into her hair and She closed her eyes at his touch. 'Beautiful, Effie. You are beautiful' Her breath escaped in a nervous shudder. She opened her eyes and he was closer, ever so close. She let the back of her hand stroke his clean shaven jaw, down the barrel of his neck and finally to rest on his chest. She felt his heart beat, quick and heavy. She was doing this to him. She was making him feel this way, he longed for her, she could sense it. She wanted it. But it was too late. She pushed herself from his embrace and strode to the refrigerator. 'What would you like? Chicken? Salad? I'm not the greatest in the kitchen but I'm sure I can muster something up for us!' Her tone was once again, melodic and chipper, the old Effie, But, why act like Effie and not look like Effie? She was hiding something. Haymitch still stood where she left him, that's when he really noticed her outfit of choice, she was dressed for a journey or something similar. He looked at her with suspicion in his eyes, his lips pursed, his brow furrowed and confused. Effie was busying herself with chicken, bread and mustard. Gliding about the kitchen in her usual maner, airy and effortless. 'Effie?' She ignored him. He knew she sensed his inquisitive tone. 'You going somewhere?' She didn't look at him and continued with her sandwich making but answered 'We all are!' Suddenly three of Effie's assistants entered, nodded in her direction and entered each other bedroom. For a