Effie had been calling for days. The reaping wasn't for another week and Haymitch just couldn't be bothered to hear her plans for her schedules and her schedules for her plans, just yet. He wanted to drink. He wanted to sleep. He wanted Effie Trinket to leave him the hell alone for 1 more week. The calls came less and less each passing day. A few messages left now and then 'Haymitch call me we need to talk' 'Haymitch answer the phone' 'Haymitch I need to speak with you' blah blah blah. He didn't care. The calls stopped, so did the messages. Haymitch spent the rest of the days running up to the reaping in peace and drunken quiet. It was the morning of the reaping. Haymitch was late but they never started with out him. He fixed his tie and donned his jacket and headed out. 'About time Haymitch, sit' The mayor avoided his eyes. Friends, he and Haymitch were not. 'Lets begin!' The mayor nodded to one of the peacekeepers and they went to open the large doors that led out to the platform. Haymitch sunk into his chair, the sound of her heels echoed through the silence of district 12. He closed his eyes and waited for her voice to bellow and screech over the microphone. 'Welcome, welcome!' But the voice wasn't hers. Haymitch squinted in the sunlight and fixed his eyes upon the strange figure that stood squawking at the podium. Taller than Effie. Rounder, haughtier and wearing a wig that was a warning hot red not blonde or curly or glittering. She wore fur from head to toe and silver jewels that hung heavy around her fat neck. Effie hated fur, she preferred feathers. Ostrich feathers, to be precise, not the cheap kind that the hookers of down town Panem wore. Yes. This was indeed not Effie Tribket. What was going on. He looked around but saw her no where. 'Hey! Hey...mayor?!' 'Sssh Haymitch! What!?' 'Haymitch lowered his tone 'Where the hells Effie?' The mayor rolled his eyes and shifted closer 'You haven't heard? I'd have thought she'd have called you? She did call. She had been calling for weeks. 'No...I... Haven't heard from her' Suddenly the big screen stared to play out Panems victorious video. The Mayor nodded towards the large wooden doors and ventured off inside. Haymitch followed. Inside, in the quite, the mayor continued. 'They finally let her brother out. He's dying. Blood poisoning or something. Anyway, the prison refused to look after him so he got released he-' 'Wait? What? Effie has a brother? He was in prison?' 'Seriously Haymitch?' The mayor looked at him, disgusted. 'You've been working together all these years and you didn't know?' 'She never told me!' Haymitch protested. 'Did you ever ask?' The mayor couldn't fathom this. Partners for so long and Haymitch was still oblivious to the woman he called his escort. 'Did you never talk outside of work?' Haymitch just shrugged. The mayor then remembered that Haymitch was nothing but a drunken old fool. Why would such a lady want to confess her deepest secrets with the likes of that. 'Thats a real shame Haymitch. She'll be truly missed around here. She was a lovely, kind hearted woman. A quality in a Capitol that I've never seen before' 'Missed? She's not coming back here?' The mayor sighed in frustration 'She quit weeks ago Haymitch! Her brother is her only relative. She wanted to be with him until...well until he dies I guess.' 'Hows she gonna take care of a sick man with no income?' 'Shes gone back to nursing' 'Nursing?' 'Jesus! Haymitch! Did you ever try to get to know her?' He hadn't. No. Why would he. She was transparent. A Capitol robot. Their years spent together was purely about work and nothing else. She came up with the schedules, she filled him in on the schedules, he followed the schedules...as best he could, the games began, the games ended, no victors, he got his booze then they parted for another year. What was to know? What else was there to care about? 'She practiced as a nurse before she became an escort. She was barely 18 as I recall. Her brother is 7 years older than her, lovely fellow. Flighty but heart of gold, just like her. He practiced two. They toured the poorer districts mainly.' 'So, how did he end up in prison?' 'I can't believe you never heard this story! It was the scandal of Panem for weeks!' Then he remembered. Drunken old fool. The mayor rolled his eyes on continued 'Stealing supplies. The Capitol started rationing medicine 8 through 12 we barely had a thing. Our death counts were sky rocketing. Anyway, he got caught and nearly got himself AND Effie hung but...well... And this is between me and you...Snow had a taste for the younger ones back then ya know. Liked to keep anything smart and pretty, close by. He promised life in prison for Edward, her brother, if Effie agreed to work for him...she didn't go into too many details about what kind of work he offered her at the start of her career but...I can guess it wasn't pretty or all together legal' Haymitch was stunned. The thought of Snow dominating Effie, using and abusing her as she wept and begged for her brothers life, shook him to the core. But how, why after all these years had she kept that to herself. 'She always seemed so...so loyal to Snow. I'd have never of guessed he held such power over her head' 'Shes a good actress Haymitch, how do you think she's made it as an escort for so long. She cries when no one else is looking and smiles when the whole world does. If she hadn't, she'd be dead by now' Haymitch pondered his words He scratched his head and found it all a little too hard to believe. Effie Trinket. A former or secret reble? A martyr for our districts? He admitted he'd always found her reactions to the deaths of their tributes quite strange. Escorts weren't trained to feel. They were trained to indulge, spoil and then move on to the next. The other escorts were different. The games were just games to them. They would hold Annual parties to place bets on who would come up trumps each year, parties that Effie would never attend. She was always too 'busy' apparently. Ever the party pooper. The perfectionist. Never wanting to run behind schedule or become distracted off of the job. All along Haymitch thought it had been a ploy of hers to keep Snow on side. Keep in his favor. Teachers pet and all that. But was it just to protect her brother for all of these years? 'Snow held all the power. She had no one but her brother and he had no one but her. She did it for him. That's all she's ever wanted really. To hope to make a friend of Snow so that he would release her brother. I guess Edwards illness finally made Snow show mercy. Plus he does have a weakness for that beautiful face of hers. I don't think he'll be too happy about her quitting though. I don't know, maybe they made a deal...' The mayor shrugged and straighten his jacket. 'The new escorts a bitch by the way. I'd be careful. Maybe stash some of that booze away. You won't be getting half as much with her around. She's born and bred Capitol. By the book, best get out there before she cuts both our balls off' The mayor headed back out to the reaping stage but Haymitch stayed. The uncomfortable feeling of guilt was upon him. Something stirring in him that he'd never imagined possible towards that woman. Feelings. If anything, if just to clear his conscious he needed to see her when he went back to Panem. To apologise? To say thanks for all her hard work over the years? Or just to say goodbye? He didn't know but something inside him had shifted and he had to do something. Suddenly the new escort burst in. 'There children, that room there. Your families will be in shortly to say goodbye. No tears now, we must be brave mustn't we?' She ushered the teary eyed teens into one of the office rooms before turning on her heel to meet Haymitchs attention. Haymitch held out a hand for her to shake but her eyes narrowed and she folded her arms together. 'HOW. DARE. YOU!' The bounded over to him, pouting sourly 'Dont you ever leave that stage again without my permission. Your an embarrassment! Did you even wash today?! Huh!' Haymitch fell silent. He was actually taken aback by her confidence an attitude towards him, especially on her first day. He rememberd Effie's first day. She had followed after him like a lost puppy. Agreeing and smiling at everything he said. Offering tea at every oppertunity, giggling nervously when he had winked a thank you in her direction... 'Are you even listening to me?!' 'Sorry princess?' Haymitch snapped back from this memories 'Princess? PRINCESS?! My name is Siria Meadows. You will address me as Miss Meadows and nothing else, understood? My god, I'd heard that Trinket was flakey! She must have let you walk all over her. Pathetic excuse for an escort if you ask me. Weak. No better than those animals out there!' 'Now wait a god damed minute, princess!' He'd called Effie 'flakey' once himself but no one, NO ONE talked dirt about HIS escort except him! 'Carry on like that and I'll rip that wig off so hard it'll scalp you, then I'll throw you out to those so called 'animals' out there and take bets on what limbs they rip off first. We're a hunting district you know. Just the sight of blood sends the folk ravenous. I'm sure escort stew would be a rare delicacy for them and looking at the size of you you'd feed this town for weeks!' He turned and walked away leaving the escort horrified. Served her right, he thought. The train journey back to Panem was going to be an interesting one. Miss meadows had kept to her quarters for the entire journey. She refused to eat and socialise with the children but most of all Haymitch. He'd played escort for the day instead. Offering counsel, sympathising, handing out the tissues. He came to respect this part of Effie's duties. He was struggling with one train journey, she had been doing this for years. Building a foundation, giving them hope and then watching as they were slaughtered mercilessly on screen, in front of her. He wondered if she had ever cried herself to sleep at night, blaming herself for their down fall. Maybe she hadn't taught them enough, spoilt them enough, given them enough hope to fight harder. He had so many questions he felt selfish. Whatever Effie was doing right now, Haymitch was sure it would be more important to her than to sit and be interrogated by a vile drunk. The train reached Panem at noon. 'Where are you going?' Squealed the red head. 'I have business to attend to woman! You don't need me til training tomorrow so back off!' Again. Stunned, insulted and cursing him under breath she led their tributes away in pursuit of the penthouse. Haymitch would stay in the city tonight. He didn't feel right staying in the suit without Effie. Hmm. How things do change. He did a bit of digging about the city, called a few old mutual friends of theirs and got her whereabouts almost immediately. The Spire Grand. Sister hospital to the main one in Panem, The Steeple Grand. He grabbed a taxi and made his way there. When Haymitch arrived, an early evening was drawing in. The clouds were heavy and dark with rain and the wind had picked up.