I wonder what Haymitch Abernathy is like in bed... Ugh Effie! Get a grip! I tell myself suddenly. But I can't help it. Now that Ive gotten used to not having Seneca around and on hand to call up when I feel like it and to satisfy my urges at night, I'm starting to feel like I'm going insane. I need to be touched! I need some attention! I still get a little heavy hearted when I think of Seneca. He was an ok guy but, I didn't love him. I didn't even really like him that much but, my god, was he good in bed. Perfect for helping me relieve the stress and tension from a day of battling with Haymitch Abernathy. But now he's gone. And the only other man around here as mysterious and as handsome as Seneca is...ugh. Haymitch Abernathy. I sit at the table drinking my wine as he sits alone on the couch. Newspaper in one hand, whiskey in the other. Sip and turn, sip and turn and read and chuckle and sip and burp and...hell, the man was a pig! A rugged pig. A boar. A wild, rugged boar! with piercing blue eyes, a perfect jaw, soft, pouted lips and rough hands. Those hands. Those big, strong, gripping hands. He once fought for his life with those hands. Oh what more could he do with those hands! 'Crap!' I dropped my glass, the pink wine spilling all down my front. Get a hold of your self Effie! Yes you are horny as sin and frustrated beyond belief but you do not, repeat, DO NOT want to have sexual relations with Haymitch Abernathy! Trouble is... For some sick reason. That's all I wanted. She's staring at me again. I can feel her eyes burning into my skull, like she's trying to read my god damned mind or she's waiting for me to say something to annoy her! I'm not doing this anymore. If she's in a mood then It wasn't me that put her in one! I'm not going to look at her because if I do she'll ask me why and then I'll say 'because your looking at me' and then she'll deny it and I'll look like an idiot and then we'll argue and thus goes the never ending cycle of me and her and there will go yet another, pleasantly peaceful afternoon. I really wish she wouldn't stare. She had the most amazing eyes. Her eyes, when she got angry, wether I caused it or not, turned me on, badly. Do not, repeat DO NOT look at her... 'Crap!' I heard a glass clatter onto the table. I turned to see but at that moment saw her take her index finger and plunge it into her cleavage, wiping away the drop of wine which had escaped into there. She brought it back up to her mouth slowly and sucked. Her eyes flashing in sweet frustration at it all. Fuck! I shouldn't have looked. 'Effie, what are you doing?' He held the elevator open for me. 'Im taking the stairs! I can't afford to miss this phone call, he may call any second and if he does and I'm stuck in that lift, with you and no signal! Heads will roll!' He gave me his 'are you fucking kidding me' glare before looking me up and down. I pretended not to notice his leering gaze. Yes I'd worn this dress on purpose today. Stupid Effie. But hey, Im in damn fine shape for my age so, why not! It was siren red, tight, fitted, perfect. I had caught Haymitchs eyes on my assets several times today. Worked like a charm. I glued my eyes to my phone and made my way to the stair well 'Effie darlin...' I hated it when he called my name without malicious intent. When he sounded angry I expected it, I welcomed it! Arguing with him stopped me from fantasising about the opposite. But when he called my name like that...with his growling low voice and his humoured tone it made me want to melt. My eyes met his 'Sweetheart Its over 100 flights of stairs to our penthouse suite and your wearing your favourite shoes...get in the elevator.' Damn. I also hate it when he's right! I hate that he thinks that he knows me so well yet I barely know nothing about him or what goes through that head of his when he looks at me that way. What I do love though is that he thought that these were my favorite pair of shoes, I remember when I first saw them in a shop window on our way to a fitting with Cinna, I'd squealed in delight, much to his annoyance, and just stood there gazing at them before he pulled me along. later that evening though I'd found a box in my room with a card. It had been my birthday the day before but I hadn't told a soul. 35 isn't an age to brag about, but somehow haymitch had found out and in his own way wanted to show some...appreciation I guess. The card had read. "We're not all ready to be as over the hill as you are just yet but it doesn't mean you can't walk there in style. Happy one more year closer to old age princess. - H x." He thought I'd hate it. I thought it had been the sweetest thing he had ever done or said to me since we became partners. They were my favourite pair. But I'd never admit it. I sighed and ran into the elevator. Of course he was right. I'd manage 10 flights...ok maybe more like 5, sit down and probably cry. He laughed at me when I joined him. 'If I miss this call Haymitch, I'll only blame you!' Blame me? What's new. She blamed me for everything anyways. Well...most things WERE my fault but, it was beside the point. I watched her huff and puff as we ascended floors. My eyes couldn't help but fall on her protruding cleavage as her chest rose and fell. God she was hot! But, I hated her. Well, ok, hate was a strong word. I didn't hate her, not at all actually. She was a sweetheart. I just wish she wasn't so god damned irritating. Everything about her. Her hair, her makeup, her outfits, her voice! It drove me insane. If she didn't have such a rockin body I don't think I'd have been able to tolerate her for as long as I have done. Yes. The body helps. And her eyes of course. Maybe her lips too. I liked her 'take no bullshit attitude' as well. She was so confident all of the time and she could take care of herself. It was an admirable attribute and quite a rarity for someone born and bread 'Capitol'. 'Who exactly are you waiting to hear from?' 'Tobias Blake. He's head assistant to Goldberg Feilding, the 4th most richest man and sponsor in Panem. Goldberg is throwing a huge party for his sons 40th birthday' 'Vito Feilding?' 'Yes! You know him?' 'I know everyone Ef. Also, I do look into the list of potentials that you give me every year you know!' She was smiling at me like a proud teacher. I wish she'd have a little faith in me now and then. 'Im very glad to hear that Haymitch. You surprise me everyday!' She stamped her feet impatiently at the slow elevator. 'Tobias is dealing with the guest list and i need to be on it! He said he would call me today if he could wrangle it. I'll be the only escort there! Can you imagine the oppertunitys? If I can just speak to Goldberg...feather his ear a little, get him onside. Ive heard his son Vito has soft spot for blondes too. I could work my magic on both of them! Just think of that! Our future tributes would certainly be well looked after in the games. We might even get more victors! 12 would come alive again and it will all be my doing! ' 'Sleeping your way to the top? There's a name for women like you. Hmm what is it. Oh yeah, hookers!' She punched me. It didn't hurt. It was laughable. I laughed. 'Don't think so low of me! Sleeping my way to the top? Huh! There's a difference between flirting and fucking Haymitch.' I stepped back, eyes wide. 'Fucking' Just the very word coming out of her mouth made my pants tighten. 'So the perfect rose has a thorny tongue huh. I like it' 'You know nothing Haymitch' We were silent for a moment. Sometimes I felt like I knew everything about this woman. She was an open book. Always said what was on her mind, wore her heart on her sleeve. But then she would say things like that and it made me wonder. Do I really know her. Really? 'So he likes blondes huh? Well I'm sure you've got the perfect wig in your collection for him' She hated it when I called them wigs. To her, each one was a crown fit for a princess. They were just wigs. 'Hmm no. I've heard he likes the more, natural look on a woman' I laughed again! I had to! 'Shit Ef, I guess your screwed' She hit me again, this time I caught that angry look in her eyes. Damn. 'You'd be surprised Haymitch Abernathy!' 'Im sure I would princess. Just don't be giving me a heart attack! Are you...' 'Am I what!?' She was mad at me again. 'A blonde under there?' By 'there' I meant underneath the ridiculous golden nest of 'hair' she had on her head today She rolled her eyes and ignored me. 'So full of surprises Ef!' She was sexy when she was angry. More so than I felt comfortable with. I shook it out of mind. The elevator doors opened at our floor. She marched ahead of me in a temper but I just let her go. I had the perfect view of her behind from back here so I slowed down a little. Big mistake. In her mood she entered the apartment and slammed the door behind her, locking it shut. 'Surprise!' I heard her cackle from inside. She had the only key and my whiskey was inside. Damn woman. I'd kiss her right now if I could. Insufferable man. He can sit out there all afternoon! I hate it when he teases me about the way I look. I look absolutely fabulous! All the time! So much so, it's tiresome! I get that we dress differently here in the Capitol. I get it. He knows it. So why does he torture me about it mercilessly. If I took it all off and dressed like a district 12 housewife he'd probably torture me about that too! I'll never win with that man. He will irritate me til the day I die and I will let him. Maybe he just needs someone to let off steam with too. Like I did with Seneca. It feels nice to be needed for something I guess. I wonder if he ever thinks about me in that way. As not just a kind of verbal punch bag but in a sexual way. I wonder if he teases me because, in some way, he likes me. He knows he can't have me. Maybe that's why he's grumpy with me all the time. I'm out of his league. Im popular. I'm not without offers from a lot of other men either. I know he doesn't like me flirting with the male sponsors. He didn't speak to me for a week when he found out about Seneca and I. Or was it simply because I was 'sleeping with the enemy' that made him angry. Whatever. Who cares. He's insufferable. 'You let me in I'll get