ONE 'Getting to know you' Haymitch and Effie at Annie and Finnicks wedding xxxxxx Peeta mentioned bridesmaids and Haymitch was suddenly 'ok' with being there. It was Annie and Finnicks big day and he didnt have a gift. "Will this do?" Haymitch held up a crate of un opened whiskey bottles and Peeta was surprised to see how well he was doing "If it leads you out of the temptation then, sure! They'll love it" Peeta smiled and took the crate. "I bet Joannas first to delve in" He joked "Apart from the lovely Joanna…" Haymitch began "any other lovely bridesmaids at this wedding, preferably single, preferably into tall, mature handsome men" He tugged at his shirt collar and winked "Mature?" Peeta sniggered "Age, not brains boy" Haymitch teased back. Peeta shook his head amusingly "Well Kats gonna be there but" He looked at Haymitch with a raised eyebrow "She's already taken" Haymitch waved his hand dismissively "Annies cousin Ema, Finnicks sister Renekay, his older cousin Melai and…ah…Effie. But I'd steer clear of Melai, she's abit of a lightweight apparently and her hands like to wander" Peeta picked up the crate and began to head out "Wait just one second there boy…" Haymitch called and Peeta hovered in the doorway "Effie?" "Ah, Don't Haymitch" Peeta sighed, he knew he shouldn't have mentioned anything "She's better then huh?" Haymitch asked, suddenly parched for a stiff drink. After Katniss had killed coin it had all become abit to much for Effie so she'd moved to 4 to recover. She'd become abit of a recluse really, never leaving Annies little house, never traveling out of the district, barely ever speaking with anyone but Finnick and Annie. That had been about a year and a half ago now. Haymitch hadnt seen or heard from her the whole time. "She's been better for a while now Haymitch, though, you'd have known that if you'd have ever bothered to go visit her" Peeta said, with a hint of resentment in his voice "She refused to see me" Haymitch said back, calmly, he didnt want to argue today "You gave up to soon Haymitch" Peeta sighed "Its a shame too, she's changed, alot, being at Annie and Finnicks was good for her, You could of had something special you know, if you'd tried" Haymitch let out a long and heavy laugh "What?" But peeta just shrugged and headed out "See you there Haymitch, I'll give these to Finnick for the reception When Haymitch was alone he stopped laughing. Peeta wasn't the only one who thought it was a shame that he and Effie had lost touch. He had to admit he had missed her, he knew damn well she'd be at the wedding. It was, secretly, the only reason he had agreed to attend. He wanted to see her. The wedding was being held in the luscious forest surrounding 13, Finnick had wanted it at home but as delicately lovely as always Annie had wanted to bring a little joy to district 13 and the district had welcomed the wedding with open arms. The people had gone wedding crazy for them, Finnick was a hero and Annie was a martyr and they wanted to give them the best. It was almost dusk now and lanterns had been scattered, filling the forest with glittering light, white sheer drape hung from the trees along with fishing nets that glittered with sea salt. It was a vision from a fairy tale and as the guests sat down and the violinist started up Haymitch looked to Finnick, then followed Finnicks watering eyes towards the beauty that was his wife to be. Annie looked beautiful, her long ivory and sea green dress blew gently in the breeze as she walked down the isle, but she only held Haymitchs eyes for a second. His gaze fell upon the trail of women that followed. Melai was first with her chiffon gown floating in a deep moss green, Renekay followed after in golden brown then it was Ema who looked perfectly cute in burgundy red, to match her hair. Katniss was fourth in a sunset yellow and Joanna came next, in black of course. There was a moment of pause that felt like an eternity and Haymitch held his breath, when suddenly, there she was, last but by no means least in a deep lavender gown that shimmered under the lantern light, her flowers were honey gold and it matched her hair he noticed. Her real hair. He had to squint at first because he couldn't believe it was her. He never thought in a million years he would see her with out her precious wigs or her overused blush, but there she was, her ivory skin glowing, her blue eyes bright, and the happiest smile he'd seen in…well…forever. Haymitch hadn't noticed, but Peeta had been watching him the entire time and Haymitch had noticed that Effie hadn't noticed him at all. The wedding had been long but Finnick had charmed his guests and everyone had enjoyed every minute, even Haymitch. After the first dance and the food Haymitch had had about enough. He'd barely caught sight off Effie again, the wedding had been so busy, he hoped she might stay over for a few days and Peeta had said it was the plan so he thought about finding her tomorrow. He spied his whiskey crate and grabbed a bottle, then headed further into the forest where there was a clearing that over looked the landscape. The stars where out now, and the moon was in full beam. He set his bottle down and found himself a comfortable place to perch. After a minute or so of fidgeting he let out a relaxing sigh and reached for his bottle, but someone beat him to it "Oh Haymitch, you've been doing so well" Effie teased. Haymitchs eyes widened in surprise as she dusted the ground beside him and sat down. She un corked the bottle and took a long swig "Wow!" she coughed and her nose scrunched up a little "Tastes wonderful" He laughed quietly at her as she took another sip then went to take it from her "No Haymitch, this is for you" Effie smiled and handed him a bottle of water "Oh, wonderful" He signed, but he took it gratefully "So…" Effie began "How have you been?" She looked out into the distance then at the stars above them "Miserable" He replied, his eyes didn't leave her once. She looked back briefly, but his gaze made her blush and she took another sip of the whiskey "You look beautiful Effie" Haymich mused "Thank you" She said bluntly "You look ok yourself, sobriety suits you" He laughed of her sarcasm and snatched the bottle "Suits you too, princess" he mocked and set the bottle down. Her body stiffened slightly "Please Haymitch, don't call me princess" she whispered and he almost thought she was joking until he saw the sadness behind her eyes "Sorry…" He replied but Haymitch apologising was more uncomfortable to Effie than the nickname he'd used that had just reminded her of her escort days "Can we cut past the pleasantry's Haymitch" she said sharply "Where have you been?" "Where have YOU been?" He snapped back but instantly regretted it. He sought to apologise but caught Effie smiling his way "Theres the Haymitch I remember" She giggled then took a deep sigh "I guess you're forgiven" "That easy huh?" He teased "Well…I guess we both had some changes to make, right?" She said and picked up the bottle, tossing it into the distance "Effie the litter bug? Changes have definitely been made" Haymitch laughed and she smiled too. "How long are you here for?" He asked somberly "Well…I guess, however long it takes" She winked but Haymitch was confused "Whats that supposed to mean" he chuckled "However long it takes for us to get to know each other again" She smiled "I've missed you, believe it or not" "Not!" He laughed "Really? Me?" and he clutched at his heart dramatically. She laughed at his stupidity and punched his arms gently "See, you're the only one that can make me laugh like that" she smiled, then it quickly faded so he took her hand "I haven't laughed for a long time…" She whispered "Me neither" He admitted and squeezed her hand tighter. They both let out a heavy silent sigh and looked out into the darkness "And I think it'll take me a long long time to get to know how to make you laugh again…" He teased lightly "Well then, I better get back to four and pack a bigger bag" xxxx TWO 'A prize worth waiting for' Haymitch gets jealous when Effie appears to flirt with someone else. Xxxxxx North Wallace, a very, very old school friend of Haymitchs had turned up unexpectedly and unannounced on the doorstep of his victor house, early one Sunday morning. "What the hell are you doing here?" Haymitch sighed and squinted from the morning sun as he held the door open. "Nice to see you too buddy!" North sang with a gleaming smile. He was everything Haymitch hated in a man. Nice, gentlemanly, handsome without ever knowing just how much and completely carefree about how positive it was to be alive. They were completely opposite. That's why Haymitch liked him so much. North went in for his usually smug hug but Haymitch just recoiled backwards and let him enter his home. "Niiiiice de- cor!" North teased as he dusted his fingertips over the array of bottles lining his piano. He began to pick them off one by one and set them in a near line by the window before resting on the piano chair and lifting the slat that hid the keys. He played a note and it sounded dreadful "You let my gift die!" He said dryly "I said I'd never played a note in my life and you still made me that damn old thing! Not my problem!" Haymitch called from the kitchen, he was fixing them both a drink "Still, to let it go out of tune so soon Haymitch, such a waste" North lifted the lid of the piano and began to poke and tweak inside "So soon!?" Haymitch scoffed and handed him his drink "you gave me that monstrosity 8 years ago, last time I saw you if I remember correctly!"he finished bitterly "And yet you still remember my favourite beverage Haymitch" North smiled and took a long swig "aaahh, I needed that" "What are you doing here?" Haymitch asked again, bluntly "obviously you've not come all the way from 2 just to fix my piano" "I haven't been in 2" North admitted and turned his attention back to fixing the piano "not for a long time…though, you'd know that if you ever bothered to call" he raised an eyebrow and Haymitch raised his hands "Touché! I don't have a phone but ok! No excuse. So where HAVE you been?" He asked intrigued "District four, then the outskirts of 5, stayed in 7 for a little while too, met a girl, she broke my heart, so I moved to 10, hated it, tried 11, sucked ass, and now I'm here. The wondrous haven that is district 12 and I'm bored already" "Why have you moved so much? The Capitol can't be impressed?" Haymitch mused but North just threw him a dirty look "Like I give a rats ass what the Capitol thinks! For all I care the Capitol can suck-" in she walked, hair like sunshine and a tight blue dress that made her eyes explode "- my huge-" his eyes became lost in the glitter that adorned her skin and the berry juice that teased her lips "-beautiful…" "Your huge beautiful what!?" Haymitch sniggered then followed Norths lingering gaze towards his door. There she stood. Not as radiant but just as bright as the sun in her orange wig