'Some guys like the tall ones...some guys like the small...yeah yeah yeah... The only thing that this guy likes is you dear most of all...yeah yeah...' Haymitch kissed his whiskey bottle and took a lengthy swig. He liked to make silly songs up when he was almost comatose, it filled the silence. The fire had dwindled and though it was late and dark, he could see that it was still snowing out side, Haymitch sniffed at the chill in the air and looked around his somewhat 'home'. It was no home to him. It was merely shelter til the snow season passed. Once summer approached he'd move to 4 maybe east of 5 and 'shelter' near the beach. As long as a bar was near by and the sun was beating down he'd be fine. No. Homes were meant for more than one occupant, built for noise and guests and children. Katniss and Peetas place was homely. He didn't go over there much, it was uncomfortable for him. He felt like he had to smile all the time and he didn't like smiling, except of course when he had been given charge of the baby and no one else was looking. He'd throw a few soft grins in there and quite often got one back amongst coos and giggles and the occasional spit bubble. They'd called her Primily after Primrose and her favourite flower, the Lillie. She was a bundle of warmth and glow. With big blue eyes and rosey pink cheeks. Haymitch adored her. Infact he missed her when he didn't visit. He hated that a thing so small and weak could make him feel equally as small and weak. Primily gave him a warm feeling and when he thought of her, mixed with the warm feeling of whiskey he got emotional and when Haymitch got emotional he got impulsive. To this day he still blames Primily for Fox. Fox was Haymitchs dog. As tall as his knees and a fine coat of short coarse hair, he was the dumbest and grumpiest thing Haymitch had ever come across. But one emotional night, after Peeta and Primily had left to get back to Katniss's big pot of rabbit stew Haymitch had gone for a long cold walk. He'd given the small, abandoned mutt a sip of his whiskey and the deal was sealed, the damn thing never left his side again. He'd called him Fox because of the way he scuttled about the house and slept in dark, warm corners. His coat was also a reddish brown. He looked like a Fox. And for Haymitch to mull over a name for the thing for too long was too much of a commitment so, there it was. Fox, the grumpy snow mutt. Who howled along to Haymitchs silly songs and helped to fill the silence. 'Fox! Fox! Go get me another bottle! Go! Fetch!' Fox growled, cocked his head then rolled over and fell back asleep. 'Yeah...I thought so...' Haymitch got out of his chair and headed for the kitchen. Fox growled and snapped as Haymitch stepped over him, disturbing his sleep. 'Ah! Can it ya dumb mutt! Or I'll get Kat to make a nice mutt stew tomorrow!- -damn dog!' But Primily loved him. Infact, she was the only thing Fox didn't snap and growl at. Katniss had never had a good vibe with animals, she always smelled like a hunter and Peeta, well he always smelt of bread. Fox liked bread. To eat. Haymitch cracked open a fine fresh bottle, poured a little into Fox's bowl and sat back down. Fox didn't growl at him on the way back. He was a smart one. If Haymitch provided the goods, Fox showed his sweet puppy dog side. With a meagre thank you whimper, Fox trudged over to his bowl, took a few licks and quickly slumped back to his dark, warm corner. They both must have dozed off because when Haymitch awoke it was daylight and there was a quick tapping at his door. Fox didn't budge and the tapping turned to knocking then banging. 'Alright! Alright I'm coming! Some guard dog you turned out to be, dumb ass!' He was answered with a whimper. 'Yeah, yeah!' Haymitch opened the door. No one. 'What the-' He stepped out, his bare feet crunching over the cold snow and looked about. His eyes suddenly fell to a petit and slender figure to his right. Female, blonde, delicate. Bent over the edge of his porch, trying her hardest to get a look into his living room window. She stretched and tapped at the glass. He made no sound, it was an early morning treat for him to just Stand there and...well...admire the view. The woman sighed in frustration and stamped her foot. Suddenly shocking Haymitch into realisation, he knew that sigh and foot stamp anywhere. Damn. 'Ef?' She turned, beaming. 'Well it's about god damned time Haymitch, I'm freezing!' She clicked her fingers and pointed to the luggage sat by the steps to the porch. 'Bags dear' she swanned past him and went inside 'You gotta be fucking kidding m-' 'OH MY LIFE! Who is this little beaut!' Haymitchs eyes widened, he left her bags and ran into the living room before Effie got her face ripped off. 'I wouldn't do that if I were-' 'Aww Haymitch! He's just a darling!' She held Fox in her arms as he yapped playfully and licked at her chin. Haymitch rolled his eyes. Typical male, he thought, sucker for a blonde with blue eyes! That's when he noticed. Effie looked...normal. 'What happened sweetheart? You had to sell all your wigs to pay the rent?' He spoke in a mocking tone and gave her a lob sided grin She didn't return the smile. He noticed her eyes glaze over almost immediately and she set Fox back down. 'Was just a joke princess...you ok?' She re poised herself and flashed him a smile. 'Great, wonderful actually! If you must know, yes, I've had to give up quite a lot of my possessions of late. Not for rent purposes though Haymitch!' She raised an eyebrow at him then rolled her eyes 'you know I'm lucky enough to come from a wealthy family...it's...well...there are a lot more people in Panem that needed the money I got for all of that...junk' The word hit him like a slap in the face. For years he'd teased her about all that 'junk'. He'd called it Capitol crap, called her a Panem puppet...now guilt arose in him like a tidal wave as she stood before him, bare faced and dressed in district travel attire looking like a god damned saint. He was in need of a drink. 'I, ah, I sold it all. Everything. What use was it to me anyways right? I'm not an escort anymore, no need to keep pretending.' She smiled but didn't look at him. She knelt down beside Fox and caressed his fur. 'Things are so different now over there Haymitch' a sudden pain crossed her face 'The districtees still fight with anyone unwilling to accept the change, the new presidents shutting off parts of the city to help raise more funds to rebuild but the elderly capitols refuse to move, hospitals are closing, schools, my school-' 'Your school?' 'Yes' her smile re appeared 'I've been teaching! Only a few classes each week but, I love it. The children...well...they're the future, the only ones ready for the new world I guess. Most of them are orphans. I've teamed up with a few neighbours of mine, we turned our apartments into dorms, the new government funds what they can but I ...well like i said, I'm lucky that I'm fortunate' In other words, 'Daddy'. Thought Haymitch. He wondered if Mr Trinket knew where his allowances were going. He then kicked himself for even wondering. What Effie was doing was a wonderful thing. In fact, the warm feeling had returned. Effie accepted Haymitchs silence. On some level she knew he would be proud of her. She didn't need to hear so. Haymitch wasn't one for sharing his feelings. 'I'll, ah, go get your bags...' When he returned, Effie was still cooing over Fox and Fox was loving it. Haymitch asked the only question that had been burning since she walked in. 'So...what do I owe the pleasure, you sound like your very busy back at the Capitol, what's made you come all the way out here?' Effie stood and looked at him, finally. 'Well, I missed you' For a second his heart swelled 'Kat, Peeta, all of you!' Ah, not just him then... 'Everythings under control where I'm concerned back at Panem at the moment, whilst the school is closed. There looking into finding a new building and I'm not much use with all of that! Im sort of, well, taking a vacation. I haven't seen the baby yet, oh, I've been dyin to see her! is she a delight Haymitch?' 'Ah, yeah, she's...she's' he didn't realise a smile had crossed his face, Effie did. She beamed in response. 'Shes got her mothers eyes and stubbornness and yet she's as sweet as Peeta too' 'You really love her don't you' Haymitch found himself off guard 'Ah, nah, well she's cute and all but I don't do babies' Effie smiled to herself 'No, course not. Haymitch? Care for another living thing?' She mocked, humorously, before adding 'cute dog by the way' with a wink 'Yeah, yeah' Haymitch held up his hands in defeat 'so, you ah, need a room princess?' 'Well, I thought about asking Kat and Peeta but thought, with the baby and the bakery-' 'And all your bags?' He teased. Effie gave him the look. 'You stay as long as you want sweetheart, cmon I'll show you to a room' Effie followed Haymitch down the hall. And Fox followed Effie. ** 1 week later ** There had been a few incidents since Effie and Haymitch had been living together for over a week now. He barely saw Fox. Fox now slept constantly at the foot of Effie's bed, by her door, on her lap and if he wasn't sleeping he was walking by her, sat with her, looking and whimpering at her for more attention. If Haymitch tried to give him any he received a low growl and a flash of teeth. Haymitch had found it hard with a woman on his territory. It was a lot different to when they shared the penthouse, that had had multiple sitting rooms, a roof too hide away, more than one bathroom and bedrooms the size of his own house. There had been little risk of such 'incidents' that had been so frequently occurring of late One night Haymitch had returned from the yard with a fresh kindle of chopped fire wood. He was sweaty and hot and for a moment had forgotten all about the female presence in the next room. Removing his clothes and shoes he had walked to the kitchen for a glass of the fine stuff to accompany him In the tub. 'Haymitch dear do you want me to light this now or OH! GOSH! HAYMITCH!' She brought her small hands up to her eyes and turned sheepishly, the glass had slipped from Haymitchs grip as he hastily tried to cover himself with a small tea towel. 'Sorry Ef! I, ah, I forgot for a moment that I ah, I'll just be in the tub' He hurried past her, and unbeknown to him Effie dropped her hands at the precise moment he had just about exited the room, and managed to catch a rather nice quick look at his derrière. The smile burned in her cheeks for the rest of the evening. On another occasion, Effie had been enjoying a nice bath whilst Haymitch had gone to the town local water hole for a beer. She'd left the door unlocked so that Fox could pass in and out and