'MUTE' Xxx She was never meant to go there. She was never meant to live. Whatever powers had worked in her favour, or how ever many gods were on her side, Effie Trinket was not supposed to have a second chance. She had woken up in a busy, white room. A nurse, who was barely a teenager, had asked her her name but she couldn't say it. Her mouth would move, but the words just wouldn't come out. It was a mixture of fear and sheer confusion. People were being nice to her. Offering her smiles and waving hello. "You're very pretty" a young girl had said one night, walking over to Effie's makeshift hospital bed. Effie had never been described as pretty before, especially not by any child. Children, if anything, feared her. Her crazy hair and vibrant colours, not to mention everything her presence represented. She was the reaper. The grim reaper. But now, now she was pretty? Xxx Effie had been hiding out like a scared child, in her apartment, on the edge of the Capitol, when the bombs had hit. She'd been taking a shower at the time and had been thrown, like a rag doll, from her cubical. It all happened so fast. She'd found herself wandering the streets in nothing but her towel, hiding in the shadows, watching as the rebels tore through the city. They were targeting anyone Capitol, hunting them down like foxes, burning their wigs and clothes and bodies. She'd found another half destroyed home, as she'd crept through the streets and took shelter. When more bombs had hit, she had been shook so violently, she'd passed out and now, now she was here. "Do you know your name? What district are you from?" Name? District? Didn't they recognise her?she thought. But then she remembered, she had been in the shower when the city had been attacked. She had had no recognisable traits left on her. No Captiol dress, no golden wig, no painted face. She was unrecognisable, she was invisible, she was….safe. Safe until she opened her mouth, she thought. Then they'd know. They'd all know. They'd know that she wasn't from a district. She wasn't some poor, captive slave from the Captiol, who had been rescued by a team of rebels. She was the Capitol. She was the enemy and she was in grave danger if they ever found out. So Effie kept her mouth shut, Effie stayed silent, Effie remained patient number 419 of sector 2, rescued on mission, carried on craft 26 to district 13 and tagged, 'mute'. Her file was marked un known and her pages remained blank. She was a nobody. A no one. She had been given the chance to start over, so she took it. Xxx It took her a few months to really settle in. Unbelievably, the easiest part of the transition into life in 13 was, not talking. She had been given a job as a doctors assistant due to the graceful and quick manner, in which she moved about. She was slick and precise and patients warmed to her very quickly. It was her smile, or so they'd said. It was honest and true and her 'disability' or inability to talk, made her seem quite trust worthy with secrets. She would sit at a patients bedside for hours, enjoying their tales and stories. Effie soon became quite a favourite in the hospital bay. She found herself becoming happier, slowly but surely, as each day past. Patients would ask for her, doctors would fight over her and the nurses were always paying such lovely compliments to the 'mute' with the beautiful ashen hair. Her hair had always grown fast. She used to like to cut it short and hide it underneath her wigs, but now, now she was becoming quite fond of it. It changed her, made her look like a completely different person and she liked that. The doctors had given her the nick name 'blue' because of how bright her eyes would shine in harsh lights of the hospital bay, and it kind of just, stuck. She didn't mind it, it was better than being called 'the mute'. In the process of keeping up her little innocent act, she'd also pretended not to be able to read or write, just so that no one would ever make her tell her real story, through paper and pen. So, Blue it was. They'd even given her her own name tag now, so that the patients knew who to call for. Life was going well. She had friends, she had a job, she had a roof over her head and she was settled. She wasn't at all prepared for her perfect bubble of a whole new world, to be pricked and burst and scattered to the wind, that long and humid day in the hospital bay. They wheeled him in on a stretcher and she recognised him instantly. "Blue, fetch the morphine" a doctor yelled. Haymitch was unconscious and bleeding badly from his leg. "Blue!?" Effie snapped out of her trance and did as she was told. He was unconsious, he had his eyes closed, he would not see her. Of all the people who had to come back into her life, it had to be him. She passed the morphine to the doctor and got on with the rest of the job, helping to patch him up. She tried her best not to look over his face. His familiar, worn face, that brought back so many memories for her. Happy and sad. If she looked at him, she would become lost in him, she would fall apart and they would all know her secret. They would all know who she was. She noticed that her hands were shaking. Her hands never shook. The doctor noticed too. "You ok, blue?" Effie nodded once, and kept her eyes on Haymitchs wound. She prayed he wouldn't open his eyes, not yet. She couldn't be recognised, not now, not after she had been so careful!. Suddenly Haymitchs body started to convulse. One doctor yelled something to another doctor and sudden Haymitch was being held down, as a needle full of something went into his arm. The feel of something foreign in his body made him react. He was half out of it, half with it and probably thinking he was in a nightmare. Without warning, he bolted upright and reached out, grabbing at the nearest thing to hand. It just so happened to be Effie. He held her tight in his grip, Effie struggled against him in complete fear of being caught out. Then, to make matters worse, his eyes shot open, locking on her pale blue orbs. For a split second her heart stopped. He'd seen her, he was about to say her name, she knew it. His eyes searched hers, wildly, as she waited for him to say it. Call out her real name. His mouth opened, he tried to form words, but the morphine hit strong, and before she knew it, he was once again unconsious, and she was once again free. She didn't stop running til she was back at her bunker and the door was locked tight. Xxx She avoided his bedside, as best as she could. Hiding in the shadows, keeping her head down and only looking his way when he wasn't looking hers. She watched him heal, she watched him learn to walk on that leg again and sometimes, she even watched him sleep. It was comforting to her. It was her little secret, another one. But, she had missed him. She had missed him so much and it only came apparent when she found him back in her life again. She usually snuck down to his ward in the early hours of dawn. The rest of 13 would be sleeping, accept of course, the night nurses and doctors, who Effie assured, it was only because she couldn't sleep either. She would quickly visit one or two other patients, would would always settle on him last, and sit by his side and watch his chest as it rose and fell with sleep. The morphine had settled his nightmares sje found, and she took the quiet time to study him, his features and his hair, and let her mind wander to the good times. Their constant bickering and battling, the drunken arguments and fumbles in the elevator. It used to remind her that she was still alive. It was contact with another human, it was her one true constant, he was her one true constant. Now, all she seemed to have, were her pretty eyes and her simple nature, that people seemed to warm to. It was some comfort, she supposed. Xx There was a knock at her door one afternoon. She wasn't meant to be working today and that's all people ever seemed to bother her for, so she approached, cautiously and looked through the spy hole. Haymitch. It was him. He must have been discharged, she thought. But why was he at her door? Did he know? Had he known all along, from the moment he'd grabbed her at the hospital, and looked into her eyes? She began to panic but he wasn't leaving. After a few deep breaths, she pondered the situation. So he knew? No one else had come battering down the door, maybe he had kept it a secret. Maybe he just wanted to see her, talk to her. Maybe he'd missed her too? The thought of it made her skin tingle. She decided to be brave today. At least she would have a friend in here, at least she would have her Haymitch back. She opened the door, with her smile bright and welcoming, then suddenly remembered, it had been so long since she had spoken, she'd almost forgotten how. A lump rose in her throat, the words got stuck and nothing would come out "Hi, I'm…Haymitch" he stuck his hand out to her, but she just looked at it, a little confused. Why was he introducing himself? Was someone watching them? She looked down the hall, fearfully, but saw no one else. Haymitch seemed to notice her discomfort so he shoved his hand back into his pocket and took a step back. "Sorry," he began "you probably won't remember me…" She looked at him like he was crazy. "I'm the idiot that grabbed you, in the hospital, couple of weeks back?" Again, she stood confused. Haymitch watched her frightened eyes. The last thing he wanted to do was scare her, but those eyes of hers,had been on his mind since they put him under with the morphine. "I know you don't, um…speak. I just wanted to come and say sorry, for scaring you, if I did…" He felt like a teenager again. Seeing her up close, she was far prettier than he remembered and it was testing him. He was sweating a little. "I also wanted to say thank you." Effie cocked her head to one side and watched him as he shifted awkwardly on his feet. He really didn't recognise her?. She found it shocking that instead of being relived, she was almost sad. "The doctors told me you watched over me sometimes, at night." Effie's cheeks suddenly burned red with embarrassment. "Oh, no, no please, don't be embarrassed" Haymitch begged. "I, um, well, this may sound dumb but, I'm used to having real bad nightmares at night, but, I think, in someway, I knew you were there. It was comforting, I haven't slept that well in a long time." He ran a hand through his hair "the morphine helped too, I guess, but, well, thank you…" Effie couldn't do anything but nod. She really wished he would leave now, she could feel her tears starting to swell up. Maybe he noticed too because he backed away a little more. "Well…I'll, I'll leave you alone now. You're probably, um, busy." He