All things Twilight belong to Stephenie Meyer; I just like to play with her characters. No copyright infringement is intended. Just a warning – this is no Actorward and I'm not sure this even measures up to that story but this was in my head long before that story came about. There's a much different tenor to these characters and I hope you like it. Never Let Go Chapter One Forks, Washington - the kind of town where everyone knew everyone else and there were no secrets. Gossip was traded like playing cards in a game of Go-Fish at the local diner over coffee. My parents separated when I was ten years old. I'm sure there was a lot of talk when my mother packed us up and left – fed up with the monotonous life that Forks had to offer. I was a daddy's girl from the get go. There was never a moment in my life that I don't recall my dad being there. Charlie was a quiet man, but he was no nonsense when it came to business and he always had a smile for me. I was heartbroken when we left. I came home from school one day to find my room completely void of all my worldly possessions and my parents having a heated conversation behind closed doors. I watched as we pulled away from the house – my hand pressed against the window. My dad pressed his hand against the other side and I watched as tears fell down his face. "Everything will be fine, Bella," My mom promised as we drove north on the one-oh-one. I didn't even have a chance to tell Edward goodbye. He was my best friend and he'd be so hurt. My friend, who I played hours on end with, as we grew up. Sometimes in his tree house, sometimes in his room or mine, it just depended whose house we were at. Star Wars, Voltron, He-Man and She-Ra – we loved them all and Edward kept the girl figures just for me. On warm, summer days, we'd run down to the corner store for a cold Coca-Cola and a pack of candy cigarettes. We'd sit under the umbrella of the huge oak tree in his parent's backyard suckling on honeysuckle blossoms in the warm, summer rain. Each and every one of those memories meant something to me – he meant something to me, and I couldn't leave without seeing him one more time. "Mom! Edward! I have to say goodbye to Edward!" "Honey … we need to get on the road. I want to get a few miles behind us before we stop for the night." "Please, Mom? He's my best friend." We pulled in to the long driveway that led us to the majestic white house that Edward and his parents lived in. Edward was outside playing with his black lab, Rocket, when we pulled up. Esme sat on the porch swing watching them play, sitting with her legs tucked under her laughing at her son and his dog. "Bella!" Edward yelled as we pulled up. Rocket jumped around us yipping – he was just as excited to see me as Edward was. "Mom! Can Bella and I go play in the tree house?" "Sure honey, but be careful. Don't let Bella get hurt." My mom joined Esme and they followed the porch around the house to sit in the Adirondack chairs on the back stoop – always keeping their eyes on us as we climbed up the ladder to the tree house. "Edward?" I said softly. "Huh?" "I didn't come over to play," I said sadly. Edward took in the sad look on my face. "What's wrong, Bella?" "My mom and I are leaving." "Why? You just got here." "We're not going to live with my daddy anymore. I won't be going to school anymore. My mom is taking me with her." "Where are you going?" I couldn't answer him because I honestly didn't have an answer to give. "When you have an address, write me and I'll write you back … all the time, Bella. You're my best friend, and I'll never ever forget you," Edward promised. "I will," I whispered as I climbed back into my mom's car. Esme wrapped her arm around Edward's shoulders and I watched as both of them wiped away their tears and waved as we made our way down the drive. Days later, we arrived in Carmel, California. It was a little seaside community that reminded me of La Push without the Quileute influence. The ocean and landscape were beautiful and relaxing. "What do you think, Bella? Think you'd like to live near the ocean?" "We lived near the ocean in Forks, Mom." She laughed. "Honey … we could get a house here and you could walk to the beach. Wouldn't that be nice?" "I miss Daddy." "I know, Sweetie, but you'll see Daddy over the summer." My mom enrolled me in school and we found a small cottage for rent not far from the beach. Not long after I started school, she started substitute teaching at the same school I attended. It was early April and I didn't find the weather to be much different than Forks. Maybe it didn't rain as much which meant that I couldn't wear my favorite pink polka dot raincoat and boots to school, but it was foggy and chilly and usually the sun didn't make an appearance until after noon. I missed my bike that my daddy bought me – it was shiny blue metallic and had a white banana seat with little yellow daisies on it. The best part was that it had a bell with Donald Duck on it. Mom said there wasn't enough room to take it with us so I had to leave it behind with daddy and he promised that he'd keep it safe for me and I could ride it as much as I wanted when I came to visit him. I couldn't wait for summer. I wrote Edward letters every day. I missed him and my dad so much it made my heart hurt. I told him as much in every letter I wrote to him. Usually I just saved up my letters and mailed them once a week. Edward wrote me back and told me that he didn't care as long as I continued to write them. He did the same to me, writing a letter every day after school and then saving them up and mailing them once a week. We even mailed them on the same day so we'd know to expect them a few days later and we could pretend that we were reading them at the same time. My mom allowed me to talk to Edward on the phone once every two weeks and that phone call was like a lifeline. It was the only thing that kept me going. We only stayed in Carmel for a couple of years. My mom decided that she didn't like the weather. She didn't care to drive in the fog and she said it reminded her too much of Forks. So again, at the age of twelve, I found myself helping my mother pack up our car and we were on our way. "Pick a place, baby. Somewhere that sounds … interesting," my mother said, handing me a map. "Forks is interesting. Can we go there?" My mother frowned. "Bella, we've been over this, baby. Forks has nothing for us. I know you miss your daddy, sweetie, but you see him as often as you can. Doesn't that make the time you have with him more special?" We ended up in Las Vegas, Nevada. Thankfully it was the beginning of June and we'd moved just after school ended. The weather was hot and dry – nothing like the weather I was used to – at all. At first, we just stayed in a little motel that let us rent by the week. Mom got a job as a waitress in one of the casinos. Dad and Edward both hated that I was alone while Mom was working, but the lady who ran the hotel was a nice older lady and she promised Mom she'd watch over me and Mom was quick to reassure both Dad and Edward of that. When we could afford it, we moved into a nice little apartment complex close to a school with a good reputation. School was about the only thing I actually looked forward to since we'd left Washington. I really loved school, especially English and History. When I began middle school, I'd even taken an interest in Choir. We had a piano in our house when I was younger because my mom used to play. For some strange reason she decided to rearrange the furniture and while she loved the arrangement, she decided the piano didn't fit so she put an ad in the paper and sold our beautiful, upright cherry piano for one hundred dollars. I felt so hurt when she did that – I'd wanted for so long to learn to play but every time I even went near the keys my mom would yell. "Don't touch that piano!" So when I started school in Las Vegas, I was quick to enroll in choir. I'd always loved to sing. I'd sing in the shower and when I was in my room listening to music I'd sing along. My voice always made Edward smile. He always told me my voice was sweet like an angel. Rosalie on the other hand said it was like nails on a chalkboard. When I walked into the music room that very first day – I was shocked to learn that we actually had to audition. I knew nothing about reading music, sight singing, scales or warm-ups. The teacher was an older gentleman with a warm smile. He introduced himself as Mr. C. "Don't look so frightened, dear. Just follow along with the rest of the class." A girl I'd recognized from my English and Spanish classes waved me over to stand by her. I did my best to sing along with the rest of the class. When it was my turn to step up to the piano my stomach fell to my toes. "Take a deep breath, close your eyes. Listen to the notes. Hear the notes and try to mimic the sound of the piano with your voice. Understand?" I nodded. The notes began and I softly began to sing the notes I heard being played for me. "Very good. Now can you sing "My Country Tis of Thee?" I nodded again and Mr. C played a single note and indicated that would be the pitch I would start on. I had no idea what pitch was but I memorized the sound of it in my head and that's the tone I started with. I nervously made my way through the song, feeling very much out of breath by the time I'd finished. "Beautiful, Isabella. You'll be in the Alto section for now." When I got home from school that afternoon, I let myself into our apartment and I couldn't wait to call Edward. I was hoping that I'd be able to call him before Mom got home, but I knew it would take him a little longer to get home, so all I could do was sit and wait. I decided to work on some of my homework but before I could even get my book out of my bag, the phone rang. Edward . "I was just going to call you!" I said excitedly after we'd gotten our hellos out of the way. "You were?" "Yes! I wanted to tell you about school today." Suddenly I launched into telling him everything about my first day at school. "You auditioned for the choir? That's awesome. I'm so proud of you." "Really?" "Definitely. I wish I could have