Kingdom Come Disclaimer: *laughs forever and flies into the sun* No. Summary: This is a story about family, about love, about friendship. This is also a story about older brothers, about live-in uncles, about sisters who spend too much time on Tumblr taking pictures of her lattes, about best friends/life partners. This is a story about Aragorn who is sometimes so happy that he's adopted. AN: So. I never thought I'd be doing this but this is me writing for Lord of the Rings . Not only is this me writing Lord of the Rings fanfic, but I'm writing a modern-day AU told in a series of flashbacks and memories. Flee, mortals. Flee in terror. No, seriously, though. Please read this. Chapter One: Birds of a Feather The thing is, most everyone in Aragorn's family is an asshole. The twins are definitely assholes, Arwen's no shining beacon of serenity herself, and Uncle Glorifindel…well. If the twins are assholes, then Glorfindel is their king. Even Legolas (irritating, know-it-all Legolas that Aragorn's been friends with since they were practically fetuses) is no slouch at dicking him over with a smile on his face. In fact, the only person in Aragorn's family who isn't a douche is his father, and that's being generous. Okay, so Aragorn's not actually related to anyone he considers his family, but that's alright. It's always been convenient for all those pubescent moments where all he wanted to do was lift his face to the sky and pray to be adopted. And lo, Aragorn was adopted. Aragorn considers this, his pen in hand, and stares at the notebook open in front of him on his desk. A very blank, very intimidating notebook that is going to count for forty-five percent of his creative writing grade. Hell. What kind of park ranger has to take a creative writing class, anyway? What kind of person even decides that they want to be a park ranger, anyway? A crazy person, that kind. A crazy person named Aragorn. Still, the only place to start a story is at the beginning, right? That's what Dad always says, anyway. He uncaps his pen and chews on the cap, and takes his father's advice. When I was little, I used to be sad about being adopted. That lasted about until I was twelve and I realized that Elladan and Elrohir were right when they said I'd thank them later… "Dad!" Elrond doesn't look up when the shout rips through the screen door from the backyard, just adjusts his glasses and taps his pen on the dining room table. "Boys, be nice to your brother," he says warningly to the air. He doesn't even have to raise his voice; he knows that the twins at least will hear him and react accordingly. That doesn't mean, of course, that they'll cease their teasing (because asking them to do that is like asking them to not breathe and Aragorn is already fully capable of dishing out his own, four-year-old vengeance) but maybe they'll do it a little more quietly and not convince the neighborhood watch that they're all being murdered. It's a long shot, but he'll take it. There's blissful quiet for maybe about two minutes and then the door slams open. The screen door rattles a little on its hinges and Elrond looks up just in time to catch a lapful of upset child. Aragorn's cheeks are flushed with exertion and his tennis shoes are about to come untied even though they were double-knotted that morning. Those are all signs of normal Aragorn play but his eyes brimming with tears are not and Elrond adjusts him to sit properly on his knees. "Now what's all this?" he asks and kisses his paperwork goodbye. "Daddy, Elrohir told me I was born with a tail!" Aragorn exclaims, and it's everything Elrond has to not snort a little bit, because it might be funny to him but clearly it's no joke to his adopted son. Tails are a very serious matter of contention in this house, as of approximately thirty seconds ago if he knows his twins. "Oh?" he says blandly, "Now, why would he say something like that?" "He said it was gross and hairy!" Elrond tsks and runs a hand through Aragorn's hair in a futile attempt to put it into some semblance of order. It doesn't work but it's the sentiment that counts, he hopes. How to handle this? There's no point in trying to tell him that Elrohir was lying; he'll just get more upset over that and will inevitable dissolve into a full-on tear fest. "I'll be having words with that boy," he pretends to mutter and makes an exaggerated expression of annoyance, "He wasn't supposed to tell you." Aragorn's eyes go wide and watery, and his lip trembles. "Y-you mean I did have a tail? He was right ?" Elrond doesn't hold back the upward tilt of his lips and gives a little sideways shrug. "We didn't want them to tell you. They were both so jealous when they found out that they didn't have one. Tails are very special, you know." Aragorn frowns and crosses his little arms over his chest, pouting now. "Why don't I still have one, then?" Elrond's half-smile becomes a full one and he taps a fingertip to Aragorn's pert nose. "You kept hanging off of the ceiling fans and we couldn't get you down. Uncle Glorfindel had to get the ladder and a broom." Elrond waggles his eyebrows and is rewarded with a startled giggle from Aragorn. "I'm serious! We almost had to scoop you with the butterfly net." "Nu-uh." "Yeah-huh," Elrond parrots right back at him. "Nu-uh!" Aragorn sticks his tongue out and wriggles off of his father's lap, only to present him with his untied shoe. "Tie, please!" Elrond raises a single brow and narrows his eyes. "Excuse me? Is that what we say when we want something?" Aragorn at least has the grace to look contrite and shifts on the balls of his feet. "Can you tie my shoe for me, please?" he amends and Elrond leans down to deftly tie the laces snug and tight again in a double knot. "Thank you, Daddy." "You're welcome, Aragorn." Elrond ruffles his hair and gives him a light push toward the still open door. "Now go unleash hell upon your brothers." "What's that?" Aragorn doesn't turn around, just shoves at the weight that's just been dropped onto his shoulders in the form of one extremely annoying older brother. "Get off me," he grumbles, "It's just a project." Elrohir snickers and leans forward to read even as Aragorn circles his arms around his notebook to keep it hidden. "Nice project. You can't hide it from me, not when I see my name~" "Go away, I'm working ." In contrast to his wishes, Elrohir somehow makes himself heavier and Aragorn considers the merits of sending an elbow into his gut. For approximately twenty seconds, the two of them are at a stalemate until, quick as a flash, Elrohir lashes out a hand and swipes the notebook off of Aragorn's desk and makes his getaway out the door and slinging down the banister. Aragorn scrambles out of his chair. "Give that back!" "Not a chance!" Elrohir calls back, already down the stairs and in the other room, and Aragorn takes them three at a time. "Come on, give it back!" "Oh, I almost forgot about when we told you that you had a tail! It was adorable, you went around bragging about it for weeks afterwards," Elrohir teases, pointedly scanning the papers in his hands, and Aragorn's cheeks heat up. "I hate you," he declares heatedly, "More than I hated Legolas' dad the first time I met him!" There's no point in trying to rip it out of his brother's hands, not when it's already in his clutches and half-read as it is. Elrohir makes a hissing sound between his teeth, finishes reading, and throws the notebook back. "In your defense, you still hate Legolas' dad," he comments. "This is true," Aragorn can't help but agree, "But no one hates quite like a four year old." I first met Legolas when I was four years old…this is the story of how someone who would barely say two words to me became the biggest pain in the ass I've ever met. "Everyone, we have a new friend joining us here today," Miss Lindsay chirrups, and Aragorn stares right along with the rest of his peers when she reaches out and tugs a little boy out from where he's hiding behind her knees. He's tall for his age but curled in on himself like he doesn't want to be there, and his blonde hair is tied back in a neat little fishtail. He stares at the ground and doesn't look up, not even when he's introduced as Legolas Greenleaf. "Go on and pick a station to play in, we'll be going outside in about fifteen minutes." Legolas mumbles something softly and Miss Lindsay leans down to hear. "What was that, sweetie?" "I don't know where to go." "Why don't you go in blocks and play with Aragorn? He's making a nice tower that I think he can use some help with." Aragorn looks up from where he's building a fortress around himself (a fortress , not a tower, there's a difference). He doesn't really need help but he waves his hand and smiles anyway, and it takes a couple of pushes on his shoulders before Legolas trudges over and plops down on the mat. Aragorn waves again. "Hi," he says, "I'm Aragorn." Legolas gives an anxious little tug on his sleeve and doesn't look up even when Aragorn gets out of his fortress and tugs another bucket of blocks over. "Can't you talk?" he asks, "My daddy says you should say hi to people when you meet them." This time Legolas manages to drag his gaze off the floor and meet Aragorn's eyes. "…hi." "Hi," Aragorn repeats for a second time and starts digging through the bucket of wooden blocks, "Now we're friends! Here!" He finds what he's looking for and hands Legolas a block shaped like an arch. "The bad guys are gonna get in on that side and eat the princess." Aragorn clambers back inside his fortress and gets back to work, and Legolas stares at the block in his hands for a few seconds before making the silent decision to dismantle Aragorn's perfectly acceptable wall and replace it with one of his own making, complete with turrets and a few plastic horses in the windows. "There," he says eventually, "Now the princess will be safe." Aragorn holds his hand out for a high five, and Legolas stares warily at it until he starts wiggling his fingers, and the touch is little more than a brush of palms and then suddenly, the blocks are coming down around them. "Billy!" Aragorn screeches, forgetting the lessons about using his inside voice immediately, "You broke it!" Billy kicks at the blocks scattered around his ankles and tosses his head. "It looked stupid anyway." "Did not!" Aragorn protests and cuts off what he was going to say next as Legolas gets to his feet and approaches, his arms crossed over his chest. He looks mad, and his eyebrows are furrowed even though he also looks seconds away from crying. "That's not nice. Say you're sorry!" He loudly demands with a glare, and a hush falls over the entire classroom. Miss Lindsay gets up from across the room and starts walking over, and Legolas repeats his order. "No!" "You're mean !" He does kind of start crying a little then but Aragorn thinks it's more because he's angry, "A-and stupid!" He looks up when a hand drops to his shoulder. Miss Lindsay is between them and kneeling down on the floor, and she pulls Billy over to look at her. "No one here is stupid, Legolas,"