A/N: I'm sorry to anyone who was reading The Best of Friends, I know many of you were enjoying it and I was greatly enjoying writing it, but I simply don't know where to take it next. I feel I may have tried to push too many ideas into one story and now I have no idea how to tie them all together, so unfortunately, it is unlikely I will be continuing that story. On the plus side, I came up with a brilliant idea for a new story and this time I'm going even further back than before. This is going to be a long rewrite of all seven books, from start to finish. The story will begin similarly to how the canon story did, however the rules of the world are very different, especially in regards to magic. I will try to avoid making too many OC's as I don't think I'm that good at writing them, but one or two may show up with a minor role. Pairings have not yet been decided, but I have a few ideas ready for several different pairings and I will try to go for the ones which feel most natural for the characters. This first chapter isn't too different from canon, but the differences are important. I hope you enjoy the reading. A Day with The Dursleys There was nothing remotely special about Privet Drive. To the naked eye, it was the same as any other street one might find in the area of Little Whinging. The houses and gardens were all perfectly maintained to the point of uniformity, the only obvious defining features being the difference in cars which sat upon the driveways and the small brass numbers affixed to the doors. If one were to look closer, perhaps they would notice small differences in these structures, such as the single chipped tile from the roof of Number 7 or the battered welcome mat which sat outside the entrance to Number 1. Regardless of this, you would be forgiven for believing that Number 4 was just as unimportant as those around it. The second house on the left hand side, Number 4 was as bland and unimaginative as the rest of the street. The lawn was better kept and the car more expensive, but it boasted nothing to show that was in any way unique. The house was the residence of the Dursleys, a family of three. Vernon Dursley was a beefy man with hardly any neck and an impressive moustache. He was the director of a firm called Grunnings, which made drills. Vernon was a very proud man, particularly of his job, as he should be, for one thing he was very good at was shouting at other people to do things for him. Many people found Mr Dursley to be intimidating, but nobody could deny that under his iron fist the company had become far more successful. Another aspect of his life which Vernon regarded with great pride and affection was his family. His wife, Petunia, was about as far as one could be from the appearance of Mr Dursley. She was tall and thin, with a neck which was already large and made to look even more so by the presence of her husband. Petunia Dursley was a woman of very little ambition or passion, in fact she was perfectly content with her role as the mother and housewife of a successful family. She was, however, insatiably curious about the goings on around her. Be it through gossip, magazines or craning her neck over the fence to spy on the neighbours, Mrs Dursley would always find a way to poke her nose into everything she shouldn't. The last member of the family was their son, Dudley Dursley. There is very little to say about Dudley, for he was merely a boy of one. Dudley was larger than average for his age, just as Vernon had been when he was younger, and it was clear that he would not resemble his mother when he was grown. While some babies enjoy grabbing or biting or throwing, the youngest Dursley took pleasure from hitting things. Whether it was the table or walls or his mother, there were few things in the house that had not felt the pounding of Dudley's tiny fists. Again, there was nothing at all about this house which marked it as a place where strange or impossible things may happen. However, this is where our story begins, in this very house on the 2nd of November 1981. The day began in a way that was typical for the family. Petunia was the first to rise and prepared breakfast for the three, before waking Dudley and proceeding to wrestle him into his high chair. While she did this, Mr Dursley prepared himself for work upstairs. While he absent-mindedly picked out a tie and moved to comb his hair in the mirror, he failed to notice the large tawny owl which flew past his window. At half past eight, Vernon kissed his wife goodbye and attempted the same with Dudley, but was instead met with smack on the nose from the boy's open palm. Chortling at his son's behaviour, the large man stepped outside and observed the sky above him. The weather forecast had predicted rain later in the day and the grey clouds above seemed to confirm it. As Mr Dursley pulled out of his driveway and set off down the road, humming a little tune as he went, he noticed the first oddity of the day sitting on the street corner. There on the grass, was a tabby cat poring over a map. Vernon blinked and shook his head to be sure he was not imagining things. When he looked again the cat was still there, but there was no map in sight. Grumbling to himself about not getting enough sleep last night, Vernon turned his attention away from the cat and continued on. As he reached the turning, he shot a quick glance back at the tabby. It was now reading the sign which said Privet Drive. ' No, ' Vernon pointed out in his head, ' It's looking at the sign. Cat's can't read signs, or maps for that matter. ' Satisfied that his world was still working as it should, he made his way into town without incident. Unfortunately for him, the strangeness occurring on this day did not end at an oddly behaving feline. Whilst sat in the usual morning traffic jam, he noticed a small huddle of people stood in the shadow of a nearby building. They had their heads pressed together and appeared to be whispering about something. This behaviour could be considered suspicious if seen by somebody with enough paranoia, but it was not what drew Vernon's eye. It was their clothes. The people were all wearing long cloaks, though that was where the similarity ended. The man closest to Vernon wore a cloak of midnight blue fringed with white, while the woman next to him was garbed in cloth covered by swirls of green and gold and next to her stood a short man wearing a tattered cloak of dull brown and a pointy black hat with a broad rim. Mr Dursley openly stared at the strange group in disbelief and irritation. He could understand the need to wear something warm on a chilly day like today, but that did not excuse abandoning all sanity in your choice of clothing. His hands tightened on the wheel as he observed them, but he made himself take a deep breath. ' Probably some new craze some youngsters thought up, ' he decided grumpily, ' or maybe it's just some big stunt. Yes, they'll be collecting for something I bet. ' If there was one trait that could be found in the entire Dursley family, it was an intense dislike of anything or anyone they did not understand. In most people this trait would be considered irrational and unfounded, however this was not the case with this family. The Dursleys had more reason than most to be wary of unexplainable occurrences. Fortunately, Vernon had already managed explain away the strangeness and therefore these events would not have any further impact on his mood today. By the time Mr Dursley arrived at his workplace, he had forgotten all about the people in cloaks and the mysterious tabby cat. The moment Mr. Dursley pulled into the car park, he was in his element. He shouted at five different people on the way up to his office on the ninth floor. When he arrived, he settled back in his chair and immediately dialled a very important number into his phone. He made several other important calls and shouted at three more people, before the day began to get interesting again. It was just after midday when it happened. Mr Dursley was leaning back in his chair staring out the window, when he saw a most peculiar sight. A large owl flew right past his window, in broad daylight. Vernon blinked, unsure of what had just happened, before rushing over to the window and throwing it open. He stuck his head out and looked around, but he couldn't see the bird anywhere, not even a feather. Vernon shook his head and pulled it back inside. ' What was I thinking? An owl? It was probably just a pigeon. ' Promptly deciding that this little hallucination was his body's way of telling him he needed food in his belly, Vernon went for little walk across the street to the local bakery, where he bought himself a hot pasty and an iced bun. When he was returning to his office though, the strangeness continued. Just outside the bakery, there was a man wearing a thick cloak of crimson. He was turning on the spot and throwing his head around as if he were looking for something, his foot tapping the pavement impatiently. Mr Dursley had already seen enough of these weirdos and was ready to walk by without stopping, but it was just as he was approaching that a barn owl swooped down and landed on the man's outstretched arm. Vernon froze, his jaw slack. He hadn't imagined the owl after all. Obviously it belonged to this strange man, maybe he was an entertainer of some kind. That would explain the strange clothing, he was probably from the same group Vernon had spotted earlier. This story made sense in Vernon's mind, but something about it didn't feel right. He had this strange feeling in his gut that whatever this was wasn't going to be explained away so easily. He hated that feeling. It was the feeling he got when his world was acting in a way it shouldn't be. In the very back corners of his mind, he began to wonder if all of these little moments of strangeness had anything to do with them. His eyes widened when he realised where his mind was drifting and he pushed the thought away quickly. He resolved not to think any more of the odd people and walked briskly back towards his work. Sadly, his new plan developed a fatal flaw when he bumped into another cloak-clad group just outside the building. He grit his teeth and tried his hardest not to look at them, but of course, he did and he noticed them beckoning in his direction. He stopped in his confusion and glanced over his shoulder, to see the man with the owl moving past him towards the others. When he reached them they huddled closer and began whispering again excitedly. Vernon was not a man who eavesdropped on others, especially when the others happened to be people he decided to forget existed, but he still felt the little feeling in his gut that he needed to know what they were talking about. That is how he found himself walking closer to the group than was