HEAT OF SUMMER: JUNE NICE TO MEET YOU:: School had only been out for a few weeks now and I was already bored out of my mind. Leslie's mom had forced her to get a summer job so now she spent most of her time working at the grocery store. It sucked because I couldn't take being by myself all the time. I was too much like my mom in that way. Currently, I was lying on the couch and staring blankly up at the ceiling, periodically groaning loudly for as long as I could without running out of breath. I was just starting my sixth groan when Charlie seemed to have had enough. "Girl, can't you see I am trying to watch the game?" He asked, leaning over the side of his armchair to look down at me briefly. "I can't help it, I'm so bored." I replied over dramatically. "Well, go be bored somewhere else." When I didn't make any move to get up from the couch he sighed. "Well, if you're going to stay here then you might as well watch the game with me." I turned to look briefly at the TV screen before returning my gaze to the ceiling. "Why bother? It's going to be over with soon anyway." The match up wasn't that great. One of the teams was far better than the other and was winning ten to one. What was the point of watching the game when I already knew how it was going to end? "Well, why don't you, I don't know, go a read a book?" He suggested. Slowly, I flipped myself over so that I was now on my stomach. My arms were folded on top of the armrest and my chin sat on top of them so that I was now looking at my dad. He was starting to know me so well. Watching baseball with him, reading a book, he already knew about Leslie being at work or else I'm sure he would have suggested I do something with her as well. "I would…but I'm just not ready after the last one I finished." I said. And it was true, the last book I had read ended in such a way that left me mentally hung over. I couldn't read another book so soon when the old one was still fresh in my mind. It wouldn't be fair to the new book. "Why don't you go to La Push then?" Charlie prayed his daughter would leave him to finish his game in peace, even if it was going to be a blowout. My eyes squinted slightly as I thought about it. It had been a while since I've last seen Jacob. Every now and then we would send a few texts back and forth but that was about it. I smiled at Charlie and nodded my head. "Good idea. Thanks, Dad." I said, pushing myself up from the couch and heading upstairs quickly to throw on a pair of shoes. "Drive safe." Charlie called as I came back downstairs and grabbed the truck keys from the kitchen. Because Bella spent most of her time attached to Edward's hip, and he had his shiny Volvo to drive around in, the truck was more or less mine now. "I will, see you later." I called back, opening the door and running over to my truck so as not to get too wet. Like most days, it was raining, but instead of being cold, the few drops that landed on my skin actually felt nice. It took me almost a half hour to get to the Black's small house in La Push due to the rain and the fact that my truck didn't go faster than forty because of the weather. When I finally made it to the red house next to the woods, a large smile appeared on my face. Parking off to the side, I turned off the truck before hurrying up the ramp and knocking on the door. I waited for a few seconds before Billy pulled open the door, a look of surprise on his face. "Alex, what brings you out here?" He asked, moving aside so I could walk into the house and out of the rain. "Oh, I was bored at home and Charlie was nice enough to suggest I come bother you guys so he could finish watching the game." I told him, causing him to laugh. "Well wasn't that was nice of him." He said with a shake of his head. "Jacob's out back in the garage with a couple of his friends." I smiled at him. "Dumping me off on your son, huh?" I chuckled. He shrugged his shoulders playfully. "Bye, Billy." Waving, I ventured back outside into the rain and ran from the house to the garage. Loud music met my ears as I pulled open the door and stepped into the warm garage. Three dark heads snapped towards me, eyes wide. "Hey guys." I said, waving slightly before pulling off my beanie to ruffle my now slightly damp hair. "Alex?" Jacob asked, the same surprised look on his face that his dad had worn only minutes ago. "What are you doing here?" I let out a sigh before telling him the same thing I told Billy. He seemed fine with me being dumped on him. In fact, he flashed me his dorky smile before closing the distance between us and giving me a bone-crushing hug. I just laughed as I hugged him back. "So… are you going to introduce me to your friends?" I asked once he let me go, gesturing towards the two boys standing not to far away from us. "Oh, right. Alex, these are my friends Embry and Quil." Jacob introduced, pointing to each boy as he said his name. "Guys, this is Alex." Quil gave me a small wave, a slightly awkward smile on his face. Of the three, he seemed to be the shortest with short black hair that had a slight wave to it. Embry nodded his head in greeting, an amused smirk tugging the corner of his lips. He was tall and thin with black hair that fell to his shoulders. I remembered seeing him ages ago when Bella and I had tagged along on the beach trip. It was nice to actually meet him this time. "So you're the Alex that Jacob is always talking about?" Embry said in a teasing tone, turning his smirk to Jacob. I looked at Jacob out of the corner of my eyes. "Does he?" Quil nodded his head enthusiastically, having gotten over his awkwardness quickly. "Oh yeah, we've had to smack him a couple of times to get him to shut up." The two boys bumped shoulders with each other and laughed while Jacob stood next to me, a hand rubbing the back of his next awkwardly while a small blush covered his cheeks. "They're, ah, they're just exaggerating." Jacob stuttered out. "Sure they are." I muttered, smirking at him as well. "So what were you boys doing before I showed up?" Jacob cleared his throat before gesturing towards the car in the middle of the garage. "We were just working on my car." I turned to look at the car. "So this is the famous car, huh." It was still in need of a lot of work. The left side was missing both tires and instead as supported by cinder blocks. I didn't know much about cars but even I could tell that it still needed a lot of work under the hood as well as a paint job. "This is it." I told him he could start working on it again and that I wouldn't stop him. He looked at me for a few seconds before walking back over to it and looking under the hood, Embry following close behind. Quil returned to his seat off to the side and I walked over to join him. He smiled at me as I sat down before handing me a coke from the cooler next to him. I thanked him before popping the top and taking a sip. Quil also turned the music down so that we could talk and be able to hear each other. "So what's been going down here?" I asked after a while, "Anything interesting?" "Not really." Jacob answered, his head buried in the hood of the car while Embry held a light for him. "What about your stalker, Jacob. Tell her about that." Embry said, nudging Jacob's arm playfully. He looked over his shoulder at me and flashed me the smirk that I was beginning to realize was almost always on his face. I scoffed, "Jacob's got a stalker?" Quil turned to me and nodded his head. "I do not have a stalker." Jacob called out, his voice echoing slightly. His words were followed by a lot of banging, something that was funny seeing as he was working with a wrench and not a hammer. "Yes you do!" Quil said loud enough for Jacob to hear him over his banging. "If you wont tell her, we will!" Jacob never got a chance to answer before Quil turned to me. "A couple weeks before school ended, something strange happened to Sam Uley. He was a no show for two weeks and then bam! He shows up like nothing happened." "Yeah, but he's all different now." Embry added. "He cut his hair, beefed up, and keeps looking at Jacob like he's waiting for something." Jacob finally came out from under the hood, and uncomfortable look on his face. "Do you think he might be in love with you or something?" I asked, raising an eyebrow. I remembered Sam from long ago at the beach as well. He seemed like a creeper back then, it didn't really surprise me that he was still a creeper. "I don't know but it's kinda freaking me out." Although he tried to keep his voice indifferent, I could see it was starting to get to him. "He's probably on drugs or something…" I threw out there, hoping it would make him feel better. "Plus you shouldn't have to worry about him now that schools out for the summer." "I guess." He muttered slowly, his uneasy expression still on his face. An awkward silence fell over the four of us. Thankfully a song I recognized started playing on the radio. Leaning over Quil, I twisted the volume and smile widely as the music filled the garage. Standing up, I mimed playing a guitar before mouthing the words of the song. The boys looked at me like I was crazy, their eyebrows raised. It wasn't until the chorus started playing that they shrugged their shoulders and joined in my stupid act of playing rock star. And that's how we spent the rest of the day. When a song we all knew came on we would stop whatever we were talking about and jam out. Between those moments we sat there talking about whatever came to mind. Occasionally the boys would start talking about a subject that I knew nothing about, either cars or someone from their school, so I would just sit there and listen. I didn't mind thought. As weird as it might sound, I enjoyed watching them interact with one another. It helped me get to know them all better. Sooner than we would have liked, it came time for Quil, Embry, and I to head home. The rain had stopped falling about an hour ago leaving everything wet and green in its wake. Quil and Embry seemed happy since they had walked to Jacobs house. I had offered them a ride but they told me it wasn't necessary. Because of that I stood next to Jacob by the truck, waving goodbye as they walked down the street together. "So, thanks for letting me hang around with you and your friends today." I said once they were