(A/N: Hello, thank you for taking time to check out my Hunger Games Story. I recently finished the first book of the series, watched the movies and everything so I do apologise if any information is slightly off, but I have tried to make it as accurate as possible! I hope you enjoy the first chapter and be sure to leave a review at the end to tell me how I did! Thank you!) I don't know what came over me. I couldn't identify it as a singular emotion…in fact it just felt blurry. Like when you get pins and needles and that weird tingly sensation runs through whatever part of your body fell asleep, except for me it was in my head. Not my hand or my foot. Although they felt pretty numb themselves, so numb I didn't seem to have control over them. That was until two firm grasps pulled at my forearms, that touch was what made me come back to the reality which was The Reaping for the 74th Annual Hunger Games. I probably shouldn't have as it could have been seen as a threatening gesture, but I tugged my arms out of the Peacekeeper's grip and nodded slightly in one's direction. The cameras were on me as soon as the recognisable voice of the bright and bubbly Effie Trinket called out my name, and that was it; There was nowhere I could hide. I found my footing and began to take those dreaded steps towards the stage, chest slightly pushed out and head held high. If I tried to shrink into myself – which my instincts were screaming at me to do – I would be seen as weak by not only my own District, but also all others. I didn't want the confirmed and future tributes to note me down as the exposed and easy target I truly felt like on the inside. So I took deep breaths to steady the alarm in my mind and made my way through the sea of people, two Peacekeepers in front and another two following in pursuit. I couldn't help but stare at Effie as I approached, I'd seen her before from the others year's Reaping, but I didn't think her outfits could get anymore extravagant. Orange was her primary choice for this costume; It started off as a simple marmalade coloured dress that frilled out quite a bit until it ended in a straight cut at her pale knees, but it was the arm decorations that showed it was made just for her. Layers of orange lily petals dotted with a light brown fluttered slightly in the breeze as they clung to her arms. She went with her large wig (which I could have sworn she wore last year) but this time it was tinted a sweet pastel orange. Of course her makeup matched and it was her carrot coloured lips that spoke the first set of congratulations I'd heard. "Congratulations to Morgan Ashwood! Female Tribute in the 74th Annual Hunger Games, for District 7!" She clapped with excitement before lowering the small strip of paper which sealed my fate onto the podium. I stared out into the gathered crowd and noticed only a handful of people had their eyes cast towards me, most at Effie as she dipped her hand into the bowl of potential Male Tributes. But the rest of the crowd were mumbling about the woman seated behind Effie and I. Johanna Mason, District 7's winner from the 71st Hunger Games. I had seen her when I was in place of those staring before my name had been called, but I never thought I would be this close to a winner…a survivor. I don't know if I was looking out to the crowd in search of comfort or for another purpose, but if it was for comfort I sure wasn't going to get any. I hardly knew anyone in my District despite living here for 17 years. I wasn't someone who enjoyed much social interaction; even in school I kept to myself. But I was kicking myself for having such an introvert behaviour, this would probably have an effect on the number of Sponsors I could get in the Games. But I was drawn away from the thought when I noticed the unlucky boy was making his way up. He didn't come across as intimidating as past tributes, but he sure didn't look weak. Hardly anyone in District 7 lacked muscle since we were taught from the moment we showed signs we could learn, how to use an axe. We're the District of the lumber industry; once you've had enough experience, using cutting tools becomes second nature. He extended his hand towards me, and I placed my palm into his before we lifted our hands high above our heads. "Congratulations to Memphis Griffith! Male Tribute in the 74th Annual Hunger Games, for District 7! Happy Hunger Games, and may the odds be ever in your favour!" Effie's voice rang out again. Clapping took over the crowd, and I wanted to smile to show that this confidence wasn't an act. That I was actually proud to have been chosen and that I would do my district proud, but I only just managed a half smile. With my hand still held high I took a few seconds to glance into visible camera lenses and wave humbly with my right hand. Suddenly my District partner and I were hurried by Effie through the double doors located behind, which were quickly shut to secure the outsiders from the Justice Building. The glamorous escort turned to tell us how splendid we had done and informed us of what was going to happen next. Apparently there was now an hour where people we know from our District may come visit us for a short time each, give us a few words of encouragement, shed any tears and anything else appropriate at this time. I was taken to my own private room and left to explore my surroundings alone. The room sure was something special. Not a speck of dust dared to stain the delicate deep blue fabric which makes up the chair I set myself in. As much as I want to relax, I don't seem to allow myself. But instead of focusing on my nerves I take a longer look around the room. To me the walls look slightly grey but that's due to the limited light getting through the small window to my right, helping the blue of the chair achieve the coldness that built up the room. To be honest I wasn't expecting any visitors and I thought the Capitol would know that considering they remind everyone that they know and see everything. Secretly I wasn't afraid of the Capitol. To hell with them and all the destruction and fear they've brought to Panem, how they've built the Career Districts up and left the others to eat the dust from their overpriced polished boots. "The Career Districts," I scoff. "I wonder what their Tributes will be like this year," I mutter quietly, suspicious that hidden cameras are recording every sound and movement. The reason I wasn't expecting any visitors was the same reason I didn't get any comfort from looking out to the crowd earlier. I hardly knew anyone. For the first few years of my life I did live with my Father, my Mother sadly died shortly after I was born. My Father never told me the details, apparently just some complications during the birthing process. Whenever I asked more about it, my Father would always sigh and say ' I think it's time you went a did some more work. We'll talk about it another time Morgan'. Another time never came. When I became old enough to understand everything that had gone on in the past, everything that resulted in The Hunger Games being created, I came to despise the Capitol and the Games. So much that it scared my Father how much I ranted about them, he thought that if I were heard by someone of importance that I might be the cause of our deaths. Then last year, one day when I was on my way back from work, I came home to an unusually empty house. I'd searched until curfew: the house and what I could of the District, but my Father was as introverted as I was. Most people I asked on the street didn't even recognise his name. But that was the end of that. I gave up eventually, but I wish I knew where or at least why he went. Had the Capitol heard about my complaining and taken my Dad as a warning? Had he said something that resulted in him disappearing? Or did he just simply leave, having had enough of his daughter who worked her ass off most days to bring back whatever money she could to feed them both? Whatever it was didn't matter anymore. I knew how to take care of myself, spent my money wisely and managed to keep myself going this past year. Now here I was. My head shot up when the door began to slowly open and in stepped the last person I expected to see, Johanna Mason herself. She shut the door securely behind her before looking back at me, scanning her eyes up and down my body, making me feel a tad uncomfortable. "So, you're the female Tribute for District 7 this year. Gotta say, you're in better shape than last years. Not only did she cry when selected, she cried buckets every day up until the event…probably why she died so early on. Cried all the information I fed her out," Johanna casually took a seat in the matching chair adjacent to me. I honestly didn't know what to say, I didn't feel like talking to anyone at the moment. No disrespect to Mason of course. "Anyway, I just wanted to come in and say hi since I'll be your new mentor for the Games. And don't worry, follow everything I say and take in every tip I tell you, and I'm sure you'll get through the games with very few injuries," The woman told me. I simply nodded, swallowing the lump that had caught in my throat. I was just about to ask a question before a knock at the door interrupted me. Orange hair came through the crack in the door first, instantly giving away who it was. Effie tiptoed in with a wide smile plastered on her face, one of sympathy towards the lone Tribute who would possibly meet her end soon and had no one from home that would miss her. "Morgan, darling! I thought I would just…check up and let you know that we'll be going shortly," She announced, reluctant to let her cheery attitude fade. I nodded and stood, flattening down the pale green dress I'd chosen for today's events. My loose black hair fell neatly onto my shoulders and over my chest and I looked into Effie's blue sparkling eyes with my own empty brown. I turned towards Johanna who had also risen and gave a smile displaying confidence and hope. Pushing the door open wider, Effie allowed two Peacekeepers to trudge in and escort me back outside where I was joined by Memphis. As soon as we entered the car it took off, clearly desperate to be on time. The whole journey was spent with me keeping my eyes focused on everything out the window. However out of the corner of my eye I'd see Memphis every so often open his mouth as if to speak, but close it quickly. I wasn't interested in making friends. I wasn't before the Games and the fact I could die wasn't going to change that. What was the point anyway? 23 people were destined for death, and even though I didn't have much to go back to in District 7, I