I hope you all enjoy this new story! Please Review and let me know your thoughts! Disclaimer: SM owns everything, I just mess with her characters. Prologue: Let the rain fall. Every drop that shatters on the ground will eventually just join its brethren in the long journey back to the sky. Let the rain fall, for in my life in Forks, the only certainty is that the rain will come. So let the rain fall, and shatter on the ground into a million pieces, so that it may rise again to wash the million sins of today away. Let the rain fall. (A/N: I know this prologue does nothing for the story, honestly, it was just something that came to me when I decided to start writing this story, aka, 5 minutes ago. However, I really like it, and felt it would set the mood nicely. Also, it gave me the title. Enjoy!) Chapter 1: BPOV It's getting late, already almost midnight. The moonlight plays peek-a-boo through the ever present heavy clouds of Forks, casting slivers of light in the puddles. As always, I am just walking, biding my time until I have to go home and face the music. I used to try hard to make my father, Charlie, happy. I would clean all day, and I would have dinner cooked and ready for him the moment he got home from work. However, through the last few years, I learned that he will always find an excuse to not be happy with me, so I stopped trying. Now I spend my life hoping that he didn't stay up to wait for me. I have no friends, and no life, so I just wander around until I am tired, and hope he is asleep when I get there. I still clean up after him at night, because otherwise my 'home' would be even worse. Besides, it kept me busy, so I could minimize the amount of time I spent 'sleeping'; that is, if you could call what I did sleeping. I let out a quiet sigh as I made it to my front door. I listened intently for a moment to try and tell if he was awake. The TV was on, but that didn't mean much. He often times fell asleep with it on. I took a deep breath before I opened the door quietly and walked in. I closed the door behind me, and crept deeper into the house. It was then I heard it. A snore, coming from upstairs. I let out the breath I was holding, and sighed in relief, before walking to the TV and turning it off. Tonight was a lucky night, Charlie was asleep. I got onto cleaning, getting rid of all of the empty beer cans and liquor bottles from the day, cleaning spills etc. I then cleaned up his takeout containers. Once I was done cleaning up and had the laundry going, I went into the fridge, and grabbed the makings for a sandwich. I generally didn't eat much, because I didn't have time after he left for work in the morning to eat, and get to school on time. Not to mention, he didn't keep much stocked in the kitchen, and if I kept it to one thing a day, I usually would luck out, and have the food last until he thought to get more. So I usually just had something small to eat at night. By the time Charlie's alarm was blaring for him to wake up, the laundry was done, as well as my homework, and I was sitting in my room, fighting the sleep I knew I needed. My alarm clock would go off in another forty five minutes, and as long as I made it to then, I would be moving around, and that would be enough to keep me awake. I waited for Charlie to leave for work before I left my room and showered quickly. Twenty minutes later, I was heading out, my hair still drenched from my shower. I never bothered to dry it, because really? What was the point? I lived in Forks, where it was almost always raining. I wasn't going to waste ten minutes of my day drying my hair just for it to get wet immediately after. An hour later, I arrived at Forks High School. The parking lot was bustling with students rushing to get inside from the rain. You would think having lived here all their lives, they would be used to it by now. As I made my way inside, I made my way through the hallways, trying to stay unnoticed. I wasn't very well liked around here. Many of the students had a great love for fucking with me. I can't say I blamed them. That was what I was best for. However, that didn't mean I had to invite it. "Jess, are you going to that party tonight?! It's supposed to be wild. Crowley is throwing it" I heard from beside me as I grabbed my books from my locker. "Of course! What else am I going to do on a Friday? I can't wait. Plus, I think Cullen is going to be there. God I would love to get a hold of him." Jessica Stanley gushed to Lauren Mallory, the girl who asked her. Jessica and Lauren were two of the most popular girls in the school. Super slutty, super bitches, with less clothing on than makeup. "You wish, Jess. He totally like, hates you." She said. "Besides, he is totally bad news anyway. I heard he does like, heroine, and crack and stuff." "I like a fixer upper. Besides, I am sure he fucks like a rockstar." Jess said. At that, I gagged a little, and closed my locker, and made my way to my first class, away from the disturbing conversation. Edward Cullen was a guy that every girl had a thing for, but most would never actually try for. He had his issues. He didn't like anyone, and tended to get into fights. There were a lot of rumors of supposed drug use, though I didn't know how based in truth those were. I didn't really know him personally, but I had a few classes with him—when he actually showed to his classes. He truly was one of the most beautiful men—on the outside, that I had ever seen. He had an amazing mess of bronze hair, a perfect jaw, a drool inducing body, and the most intense emerald green eyes I had ever seen. However, I also knew not to talk to him. If he didn't like anyone else, I knew he wouldn't like me either. Plus, I had my own reasons for keeping people at arm's length. As the day went on, I considered the party tonight. I didn't usually go to these parties, because it was filled with people who I didn't like. Not to mention, I never knew when they were. Honestly though, weekends were the worst time for me. I had to go home eventually, and Charlie stayed up later on the weekends. I couldn't avoid him entirely, and so weekends always meant pain. Maybe a party was a perfect way to burn some of the time I would be stuck walking around, or worse—stuck at home with him. By lunch time, I had decided, that I would go. If nothing else, I could just burn some time, maybe even have fun. When the bell rang for lunch time to end, I made my way out of the cafeteria, and headed towards my Bio class. I sat down in my lab table, and was surprised to find Edward sitting there as well. He was my lab partner, but he hardly ever showed up to class, so it was odd to see him here, especially on a Friday. I didn't say anything though, as I mentioned before, we didn't talk. We were not friends, even if he did make the scenery significantly nicer. I knew my place. "Today, you will be doing a lab, determining the phases of Mitosis on the slides. When everyone gets the slides, you can start." Mr. Banner, our teacher explained before going around the room handing out the materials needed. "Nice to see you've joined us for once, Mr. Cullen." The teacher said sarcastically to Edward. "Always happy to please." He said with a slight smirk as Mr. Banner handed us our slides. I took the slides, and started doing the assignment, not expecting Edward to help, since I usually was stuck doing it myself anyway. "You know, I think I should get to have a look too, considering I am being graded for it as well." He said with a smirk at me. I felt my cheeks heat up in response to him talking to me. "I wasn't aware you really cared about your grades." I said back, letting a small smile flirt at the edges of my lips. "However, if you think you can give it a try, go right on ahead." He scowls a little at my retort, before taking the microscope and looking. "Metaphase." He said. I took the microscope, and was surprised to find out he was correct. How he ever learned this, I don't know, since I think this is the only time he has actually even been here this week. Sure enough, by the end, we were both done, and he had actually done his part. To say I was surprised would have been an understatement. "You going to that lame ass party tonight?" he asked, staring at the clock while tapping his hands. I was so taken aback by the social question coming from him that it took me a moment to answer. "Y-Yeah. It seems like a mildly more entertaining way to kill boredom than my usual ways." I said. "Heh. I didn't expect that. I haven't seen you at any of the parties before. I always figured a cop's daughter would be too straight and narrow to go to a party filled with underage drinking." He smirks again, still staring at the clock. "Wow, assumptions much, Cullen? I haven't gone before because I haven't had the chance. Tonight I have the chance." I said, trying, and probably failing, to play it cool. "Heh, don't do anything daddy wouldn't want you doing." He grins, finally looking at me, something akin to intrigue in his eyes. I glared back at him, his words hitting a spot that he would never know he touched on. "I don't particularly care what Daddy wants me to do. I do as I please." I said, spitting the word daddy out like venom. However, it was a complete lie that I did as I pleased. I rarely did what I wanted. What I wanted to do, was to go home every day, do normal stuff, eat full meals, and be safe every night. "Wow, we have a little rebel in the making, don't we? Well, if you are as badass as you are trying to act like you are, come find me tonight." He said with a smirk, getting up as the bell rang. I watched him get up, contemplating. I couldn't believe Edward had just asked me to find him at a party tonight. I couldn't believe he had even talked to me to begin with. My mind was blown. Part of me knew it was probably a bad idea to go to the party, and especially to seek out Edward, which would more than definitely lead to trouble, but a larger part didn't care. I knew what I was getting into, and I had a hard time believing my life could get worse. Maybe some partying would raise it up a notch in the tolerable level. Once school was over, I trudged home, trying to get there before Charlie. I would need to change if I was going to a party tonight. Not to