Disclaimer: I know, I know, I don't really need one of these, but I like to cover my ass anyway. Some of my monsters have been borrowed from Garth Nix and his brilliant Abhorsen series as well from Jim Butcher's Dresden Files . A bit of Shakespeare has also been re-appropriated. Most elements of Half-Blood Prince will not be used as I felt the book to be too constrictive for where I wanted to go with this story. Seventh book? What seventh book? If you recognize any of the material used here and I haven't cited or referenced an outside source, please let me know. I've read so much over years that I sometimes struggle to remember who or where I've drawn my inspiration. I would like to give credit where credit is due. Brief trigger warning just to be courteous: CR deals with disturbing and upsetting topics. There will be scenes including, but not limited to: gore, torture, rape, murder, PTSD, addiction, cannibalism, and brief mentions of necrophilia. It's a long way down the rabbit hole. Author's Notes: Everything up to chapter fifteen has either been rewritten or heavily edited. I've gone through, weeded out all of the extraneous clichés and then lampshaded the rest. Who knows? Maybe I can breathe some new life into old tropes. A thank you goes to all of the crazy fuckers at DLP who have inspired me to do better than my initial efforts. Cheers, people. An exceptionally big thank-you-for-saving-my-sorry-ass goes to Andro for all of his sweat, blood and tears that went into editing this behemoth. Thanks man, I'd have been lost without your wit and encouragement. A shout-out also goes to: Oz, my Grammar God and beta, Voice of the Nephilim, for being a sounding board when the creativity has run dry, and thank you, thank you 13thadaption for your years long dedication to this story. You are a gift . Last, but not least, thank you members of In Medias Res . You are all gentlemen and scholars. Circular Reasoning Prologue Dogs of War At the bottom, you see, we are not Homo-sapiens at all. Our core is madness. The prime directive is murder. What Darwin was too polite to say, my friends, is that we came to rule the earth not because we were the smartest, or even the meanest, but because we have always been the craziest, most murderous motherfuckers in the jungle. -Stephen King Jan 9, 2008 T: 1359 hours Harry hit the warehouse door running. His feet pounded the pavement, thighs burning with exertion. Blood ran down the side of his face from the gash on his head. His ribs were broken too, teeth sawblade-sharp nipping at his lungs. Spellfire splashed off of the burnt out ruins of what was once a department store, the triumphant howl of the Death Eaters rising in volume. Black robes fluttered in his peripherals. Harry cursed under his breath. Half-melted rebar lay twisted amongst the broken concrete – a cage of metal bones, waiting to catch the unwary in its grasp. Harry staggered over the debris, slip-sliding through the slick pools of oil and waste hidden beneath. Concrete bit at his shins through his armour. His foot plunged through a puddle, deeper than he first thought. Caught on a hidden length of jagged steel, momentum carried him downward and Harry went sprawling across the pavement, his right knee striking the rubble with a gunshot-loud crack. The Death Eaters jeered, mocking his flight from them. Raucous laughter rang in his ears. He lay panting against the ground, the coppery tang of blood sitting thick and salty on the back of his tongue. Breath short; pain cutting off his air; cutting off his ability to think – Darkness swept over him. The voices of his pursuers rattled in his skull, far too close for comfort and a reedy thread of panic shrilled within him. Harry clawed his way back to consciousness. Green light struck the ground behind him. "Move!" he snarled at himself, rage and fear warring for dominance. Harry hauled himself to his feet, leaving a deep smear of blood on the tarmac beneath him, leg almost giving way under his weight. He stumbled over a pile of broken marble and glass, the expensive remains of a long vandalized Muggle law firm crunching under his boots. Spots danced in his vision as the street swirled out of focus. A blur-bright blasting curse streaked past him and hit the ruins towering overhead. Chips of stone struck the ground, the rumble of falling concrete vibrating underfoot. He bared bloodstained teeth, spitting out a runny streak of red. Harry aimed his wand at one of the crumbling buildings. Steel screamed on glass in protest as the animation twisted itself into a hulking monster. Shining claws of steel and thick glass spread and curled as Harry's warped creation crouched low to the ground, violet fire burning in its eyes, its form animated by an unholy hunger for destruction. The sounds of pain and fear followed Harry down the alleyway as the creature pounced on the unsuspecting Death Eaters. "Surprise, surprise," said Harry, voice sandpaper rough from the dust in the air. He laughed, limping away from the growing carnage. There are a thousand different ways in which things could have gone wrong. And each one of them hinge upon the summer after his fifth year. Oddly enough, it's the smallest fucking details that change things. Harry's not stupid. Lazy, maybe, and unmotivated to succeed in his classes, especially when he couldn't see the fucking usefulness of transfiguring a beetle into a button, but definitely not stupid. He understands the idea of alternative time-lines and the 'what ifs' of alternate universes. Because really, when he thinks about it, the possibilities are endless. A thousand different choices for a thousand different situations in a thousand different realities – his over-active imagination often leads him to escapism. But it doesn't necessarily mean they're any better than reality. In one version, Dumbledore dies at the end of Harry's sixth year. Snape kills him. Grand conspiracies all around. Voldemort and his posse of Death Eaters invade the castle, the Order barely holding them off. Harry spends his seventh year tromping around the countryside with his friends looking for artefacts that can kill Voldemort. They do. Good triumphs over evil with a healthy dose of luck. Happy endings for everyone. Harry marries his best mate's little sister, becomes Head of the Auror Department, has two point five kids, and spends the rest of his life as a glorified housewife. But this isn't what happens. In another, Voldemort is quicker on the draw. He seizes Harry in the beginning of his sixth year along with a handful of his friends. Harry watches them get tortured to death. Sanity is a tentative thing at this point. A chancy combination of luck and opportunity later, Harry steals a wand and takes Voldemort out along with himself. Neither live after the other dies. Lucius Malfoy rises to power as the new Dark Lord. But this isn't what happens. Another time-line has Harry performing numerous rituals of dubious quality. He gains power, becoming a Light Lord in opposition to Voldemort. The ministry encourages this. He becomes their poster boy. Scrimgeour is pleased. Hundreds flock to Harry's call. Dumbledore doesn't agree with this course of action and Harry wrests control of the Order from him. Dumbledore is killed a week later, taking most of Voldemort's inner circle with him. Harry fights Voldemort and wins. The first order of action he takes as presiding Light Lord of England is demanding that the Ministry execute all Death Eaters, Death Eater families, and Death Eater sympathisers. They do. The mob wants blood. Slytherin House is emptied. A reign of McCarthyism like none other sweeps the country. No one is safe. England is a miserable place to be. But this isn't what happens. Or: Voldemort makes him an offer. Tom Riddle was a never stupid man and he recognizes early on the futility of continuing the war. Harry's life, his friends' lives and everyone else's in exchange for Harry's loyalty. He takes it. Voldemort reigns unopposed. Oddly enough, the wizarding world flourishes. Well, the pureblood population does. Harry becomes Voldemort's most devoted, most vicious Death Eater. Sixteen years, five hundred and forty-eight wizards, two hundred and six Muggles, and eighty-nine magical creatures later, his best friend fires a killing curse at his back. Funny, he hadn't thought Hermione was that angry over being banished to the Muggle world. For her, it's a bit like putting down a rabid dog. Her tears dried up a long time beforehand. But this isn't what happens. In one particularly morbid version, the war never ensues. In this daydream, Harry is cut off from everyone else for most of the summer. No friends to talk to as it's again, too much of a security risk. No Dursley's to talk to because Harry may be desperate, but he's not masochistic. The isolation on top of Sirius' death and the pressure from the prophecy takes its toll. And a few weeks into the school year, Harry gives up. He's a kid. Voldemort is not. There is no feasible way for Harry to defeat the most powerful dark lord of the century, not with luck and wishful thinking – which aren't much better options than the power of love shtick Dumbledore keeps shoving down his throat. The way Harry figures it: he's been living on borrowed time all along. Let the wizarding world clean up their own messes for once. The next morning, Ron Weasley finds his best friend sprawled in the bottom of the shower stalls. A tiny crystal vial clenched in hand, bead of poison still clinging to the wry curl of Harry's mouth; that mocking Mona Lisa smile will be plastered all over every wizarding publication in the UK. Voldemort's takeover four months later is swift and silent and for the next three hundred years, he rules with an iron fist over the wizarding world. But this isn't what happens. Reality is far different than anything he could have imagined. There is no warning. No frogs falling from the sky, no sheets of fire raining down, no water turning to blood. The sky doesn't darken. People don't chant the name of the Beast. Hell doesn't give any sign that it's come to earth. This is what happens: slowly and surely, Harry gets in way over his head. And then things snowball. The summer after his fifth year, he embraces the cry for blood. Retaliation is too kind of a description. Vengeance, bloody and excessive, is a little closer to the truth. It starts out small, him listening in on Order conversations and Auror tips. He picks off the stragglers; Death Eaters from the lower fringes of Voldemort's enclave. Harry is addicted almost immediately. The power is too much. He spends most of his sixth year in a haze of red, wandering dazedly to his classes like a junkie in need of a fix. That is, when he remembers to attend them. The siren call of dark magic stirs something deep in his blood. It's difficult to resist. He finds himself compelled to kill in order to satisfy the bloodlust. The craving goes bone-deep and his hands shake if he tries to go more than twenty-four hours without a kill. Voldemort notices. Dumbledore notices. The Ministry notices. Harry sends Voldemort's emissary back with his intestines wrapped around his neck. He snubs Dumbledore's attempts at reconciliation. He can't, however, ignore the Ministry. They make him an offer too: join us or join the ranks of Azkaban. It's a long awaited wake-up call. At the age of seventeen, Harry is recruited by a heavily militarised division of the Department of Mysteries after a yearlong bender on the darkside. Shorner, the man in charge of the program, strips away the mindset of a serial-killer and replaces it with that of