Reyna examined herself in the mirror for what seemed to be the eightieth time in the past five minutes. It wasn't usual for her to be edgy, but well, every girl is nervous on a first date. Oh, was that mentioned? Yes, Reyna was finally going out with someone. She scanned her reflection for any faults, there was definitely something off, she was sure. It just wasn't the sort of thing she could pin to a wall, or slice open with her dagger. Relax, and act like you would around me. Hazel had advised. Have a battle strategy. Popcorn maybe? Never fails. Annabeth had commented with words of wisdom. Try to enjoy yourself. Piper nodded importantly. You'll be fine. Just don't piss him off. Those words made her chuckle. Okay, okay. So maybe it wasn't the best of ideas to ask the daughter of Zeus for dating advice. Seeing as she was the leader of the Hunt, and that tiny fact that she had never actually dated before. One, two, three deep breaths. Reyna closed her eyes, attempting to steady her nerves, and her feet. Like, please. What person in their right mind would ever wear four-inch heels? She could stand on a rocking trireme in full clad battle armor, but she couldn't stand in these stupid dress shoes? Tsk tsk. Reyna sighed and stumbled out of her room, gripping the hilt of her dagger tightly. She was in New York for the school year; a much needed break from the Legion. Staying at Camp Half-Blood had been a generous offer that she couldn't refuse, and she had been given a room in the big house. It was nice, but just a bit too comfortable. Reyna drew another deep breath and marched to the top of the hill. Why could she never keep her thoughts from running each other over? She rubbed a hand thoughtfully on the trunk of Thalia's tree, finding some foreign comfort in the act. Perhaps it was the Golden Fleece, emitting a soothing aura, or the sure there-ness of Peleus the dragon. She scratched his smooth nose, enjoying his hiss of pleasure. There was a honk at the bottom of the hill that made Reyna jump, before she realized it was just Argus. He had promised her a car. She was stunned however to find a sleek red convertible awaiting her. She cocked an eyebrow at him imploringly, as if to say; Really? But he just smiled, so she decided to go with it. She picked her way down the hill, silently cursing her shoes as she went. When she had seated herself, she wrapped her hands around the wheel. This wasn't exactly like the camp vans, but it wasn't exactly Leo's spaceship either, she could manage. As if sensing her thoughts, Argus shot her a grin. She made a face at him and gunned the engine, speeding away. How dare he think that? Reyna seethed as she glided down the road. She was going on a date ! And as much as she would love, (cough sarcasm cough) Leyna was just some stupid ship name that the Stolls had come up with to tease her and Leo. More than once, she and Calypso had had a good laugh over it. ~line break~ On account of it being late fall, the sun was already down by the time Reyna pulled into Nitehawk cinema. She grabbed her purse and got out of the car, making sure to lock it, just in case it belonged to Argus. Because Nathan was sixteen, and therefor a year older than her, he had offered to drive the both of them. But being the fifteen-year-old-girl-that-has-known-how-to-drive-since-age-twelve that she was, Reyna had politely declined. Besides, where would he even pick her up? Half blood hill? No it was better this way. When Reyna curled her fingers around the door handle, she felt more than just its cold. Something wasn't right here. Something like... Monsters. No. Reyna shook her head. It was fine. No monster would dare attack her for fear of getting sent back to Tartarus the hard and painful way. Tonight would be great. She pulled open the door and stepped inside. After a quick survey of the embarrassingly large lobby, Reyna's eyes locked onto Nathan. He was leaning against the far wall, fingering his phone absentmindedly. Reyna felt a tiny stab of guilt. She wished that she could tell him why she never used a phone, but he was a mortal, and she wasn't about to telk him the truth just yet. She was about to walk over, when he noticed her. His face visibly lit up. He slipped his phone back into its respective pocket and pushed through the crowd until they were side by side. "Reyna." He grinned. "Ready to enjoy yourself?" She stretched back and laughed. "More than ready." She smiled, looping her arm through Nathan's. She was glad that he had dressed casually, the date would have been too fancy if he had shown up in a suit and tie. They mare their way over to the food bar, still having to push through the crowd. Upon scanning the menu three times over, Reyna was met with a sudden and glorious realization: junk food. Every last item on that glowing screen was absolute garbage. She nearly fainted. Never before had she experienced so much joyous freedom! She was about to give up and lead her date away when she remembered Annabeth's advice. Popcorn maybe? Never fails. She pretended to keep searching the menu while Nathan rubbed his thumb over her knuckles. She'd never really been proud of them, as they were rough and calloused, mostly from punching the faces of boys who rejected her. Like Percy. She grimaced inwardly. It's your fault for feeling a false hope. She chided herself. You knew better. But picking at a scab would only make things worse, she knew. Especially when that wound wasn't fully healed yet. "So what are we getting tigress?" Nathan asked, instantly making her feel guilty. Fortunately, years of practice allowed her to cover it up with ease. "Ooh, let's stay classic shall we? I like cheddar flavored popcorn." She OFferdd, leaning her head casually on his broad shoulder. Suddenly Reyna felt a cold tingling sensation at the base of her skull. It was the same one Annabeth had described before Leo *cough* sorry the " eidolon " rained fire and sulfur on New Rome. She turned to Nathan. "I need to use the restroom - if you don't mind - could you order for the both of us?" Nathan's face portrayed confusion but he nodded. "Sure, meet me at the gate with The Lion the Witch and the Wardrobe thing." Reyna cocked an eyebrow at him. "What?" Nathan exclaimed. "It's a sort of remake!" He looks cute when he is nervous. Reyna thought happily. "Good." She smirked. "The old one wasn't very nice anyway." Nathan's shoulders visibly slumped in relief. As soon as she released Nathan's hand, a wave of cold enveloped her. She shivered involuntarily. Reyna ordered herself to snap out of it. No monster or otherwise could, or would attack her, unless they were really stupid of course. She'd met plenty of stupid monsters. By the time Reyna got to the bathroom, most of the crowd had somewhat dispersed, so it was only her and some other woman with extremely long nails hanging out in there. Reyna immediately set to work making a rainbow. When she was done, she was soaked and had a bad connection. Not to mention having to keep her hand over the faucet, but somehow she made through. Annabeth's face appeared instantly. Reyna was so wound up that she almost said something out loud, but then she realized that Percy was there too, and it was definitely a moment that Reyna felt very embarrassed to see. She disconnected the call before either of them could notice. Her next thought was to call Piper, but eventually decided against it, she did not need to witness another make out-fest. Reyna ended up calling Hazel, since she was at Camp Half-Blood helping with the new wing of cabins. She tossed in two denarii. "Oh Ir-" she stopped and corrected herself. "Oh Fleecy do me a solid. Show me Hazel Levesque at Camp Half-Blood." Reyna was met with a very odd scene. "Leo! For the last time! We are not putting the Eos cabin by the Dionysus cabin!" Hazel yelled, waving her arms at some boy who was definitely not Leo. This guy looked about Percy's age - that is to say, seventeen, with light brown hair, almost bronze-like skin, long muscular legs, and fierce, green cat-eyes that seemed as sharp as Reyna's dagger. All in all, he bore a striking resemblance of a leopard; lithe, strong, and calculating. "But Katiya said that-" Hazel just rolled her eyes. "I don't care what Katiya said, she's not in charge here and she can't threaten me anyway. Her powers don't extend to demigods." Leo made a face like he disagreed. "You wouldn't know that. She hasn't tried simply because she respects you." Reyna felt hopelessly confused but as much as she could figure, Leo was a son of Dionysus, which would explain the leopard-ish look. He had some friend who was a child of Eos and wanted their cabins next to each other. Reyna decided to roll with it. She cleared her throat, making Hazel whirl around. "Reyna!" Her friend grinned, waving Leo away, which he didn't look happy about. "How's it going so far?" Reyna managed a smile. "It's fine I suppose, though I can't shake a really horrible feeling. Something bad is going to happen." Hazel cocked an eyebrow imploringly. Reyna drew a deep breath and held it. What did she feel was going to happen? She closed her eyes. Ever since she'd been blessed by Athena and Bellona, her senses seemed more keen to what attacks would happen, and where. All she needed was a little hint. Reyna had called Hazel for reassurance and knowledgeable suggestions, but she had to find those on her own. Suddenly, something clicked in Her head: Dionysus is the god of leopards. "Cats!" She blurted. Hazel looked horribly confused. "Excuse me?" "Some sort of feline." Reyna muttered, feeling embarrassed. Hazel frowned. "Um, okay. Just take it easy. The only time that anything might come would be either during, or after the movie." She paused, smiling. "Reyna, let's not get worked up. You're the best swordswoman out of both camps, besides maybe Annabeth." She laughed. "Don't worry, you'll survive the night." Reyna thanked Hazel for talking and excused herself. The woman wit's the freakishly long nails had left, and she should too. The movie would start in five minutes. The way was easy to find but hard to get to, so Reyna let herself think of what Hazel said. You'll survive the night. That's fine. Reyna thought. Nobody can turn down the confidence of one's capability to stay alive. So I'll survive the night. But what about everyone around me? Reyna wanted to bang her head against a wall. She needed to stop thinking so negatively. What Hazel had said was true: she had nothing to worry about, and she was an incredible swordswoman. With these reassurances in mind, Reyna was able to walk a little faster and soon arrived to her destination. Nathan was standing outside the gate, holding their food and looking worried. When he saw her, he grinned. "I thought you were dead." He joked. Reyna took a moment to savor the irony. He reached over and took her hand. "C'mon," he gestured toward doorway. "The previews have started." Reyna followed him inside and immediately fell in love with the place. To begin with, the walls were nice and open and there was plenty of space for free movement. The screen was exceptionally high, and perfectly wide; easy to see no matter where you were sitting. And