Well, when I set myself to finishing this series, I planned to have it done by today. I just barely made it. :) Probably slightly less polished than usual: my dad's horribly sick and was in the E.R. this morning, so I'm a bit scatterbrained. So if you see any mistakes, please point them out so I can fix them. Last oneshot in this series will be up Wednesday! Aragorn exhaled softly, exchanging glances with the small Dúnedain escort around him. Minas Tirith loomed in the foreground, the re-built Rammas Echor around her. "Well, here we are," he said to no one in particular. "Now to hope Denethor will be willing to listen to me," he muttered to himself. Quietly, he gave the order for his standard to be unfurled, and felt a momentary pang: it should have been Halbarad who held that flag. Now that task fell to his son. Schooling his expression, he raised a hand, and the group cantered the rest of the distance to the Rammas Echor. They pulled up at the Northern Gate, hearing the challenge of the guards there. "I am Aragorn, son of Arathorn, sixteenth chieftain of the Dúnedain of the North, Heir of Valandil, Isildur, and Elendil," It felt odd to be openly proclaiming who he was, but there was no need for secrecy now. "I come with tidings for the Steward of Gondor pertaining to the new threat in the East." The men who manned the gate were stunned, but quickly a rider was sent to the City, and it wasn't long until the Northern Dúnedain were being escorted to the City. They left their horses in the Sixth Circle, and continued on to the Citadel. There Aragorn received his first shock: it was not Denethor who stood there to receive them, but a younger Man, who looked to be his son, along with a woman with the golden hair of the Rohirrim. "Greetings, Aragorn, son of Arathorn," the Man said. "I am Faramir, son of Denethor, Steward of Gondor, and this is Éowyn, daughter of Éomund, Heir to the house of Eorl," he introduced them with a courteous nod of the head, which Aragorn returned. "The messengers indicated that you had tidings of the fallen Wizard who has taken up residence in the Dark Lord's old lair?" Faramir asked politely. "I do," Aragorn replied. "However, under an open sky is not the best place to discuss it." Faramir smiled. "No, that it is not," he said. "Be welcome, and you and your men may refresh yourselves, and then we shall speak of it." "Your hospitality is most welcome," Aragorn told him sincerely. They were quickly lead to well appointed rooms in the Citadel, it was only a half mark later Aragorn was sitting in conference with Faramir and Éowyn, speaking of what had occurred in Middle-earth. Saruman had killed Théoden King, his son and heir Théodred, as well as nephew Éomer, leaving Éowyn the sole remnant of the house of Eorl. Boromir had been heading North to seek an answer to a riddling dream, but had never been heard from again, and Faramir suspected he too had been killed by Saruman. Denethor, upon learning of Saruman's defeat of Sauron, had committed suicide in despair, leaving his second son Steward. But not everything was dark: for despite their losses, Faramir and Éowyn found themselves in love, and planned to wed, combining and preserving both their great houses. After Aragorn had congratulated them both, the talk turned to what had brought him to Minas Tirith, and the long tale of what had occurred in the North was told. Multiple times, both Faramir and Éowyn's expressions expressed shock and surprise, and the unforeseen twists of the story were told, most encompassed in the figure of a dark-haired Maia. "It is quite the incredible tale you tell," Faramir said softly when Aragorn was finished. The older Man smiled. "If I had not lived it, I would find it hard to believe myself," he said. "But Gondor has long stood against her foe; can she still stand now, though the foe has changed?" "That she can," Faramir said resolutely. "What have you need of?" "For now, a place to stage our operations, and to plan. Sauron does have the beginnings of a plan, but much of it will depend on getting the inside information he believes he can. If all goes well, the only thing we should be asking for in terms of men would be a few scouts." "And if they go wrong, we will be facing an army led by one who commands the power of the One Ring," Éowyn pointed out. Aragorn nodded. "There will be no escape should that come to pass," he said softly. "For the Elves, perhaps…but not for us." "Then let us hope that Sauron's plan will work," Faramir said, in a tone of voice that made it clear he saw the irony in that statement. "He is one of the best strategists in Arda," Aragorn pointed out. "And as it is his Ring, he has just as much stake in this as we do. I do not believe I would trust him if that were not the case." The talk then turned into logistical needs for the arrival of the group that would be following in a few days, and Aragorn felt a surge of relief. Faramir would aid them, and there was hope they might just be able to succeed in this mad venture after all. Three days later, a group of Elves and two Maiar clattered through the Great Gate of Minas Tirith, which was instantly closed behind them. Aragorn, Faramir, and Éowyn were on hand to greet them. Mounted on proud, beautiful horses, the Elves were a stunning sight for those who had never before seen the fair folk. Placing faces with the names Aragorn had given him, Faramir knew without a doubt he was in the presence of legends. But it was the two tallest of the group that caught the eye. Fair even beyond the measure of the Elves, they were striking. The tallest had white blond hair and deep purple eyes, and Faramir instinctively recognized him as Mithrandir, or Olórin he supposed he should call him. The old list of names the Wizard had once given him made more sense now: ' Olórin I was in my youth in the West that is forgotten .' Part of Faramir was still in shock that the Wizard he had befriended was a Maia. But was the other who drew Faramir's attention. He had a darker aura than the rest, accentuated by his unrelieved black clothing, and long black hair. But his eyes were brilliant gold, and they swept the group with a wary, watchful air. He reminded Faramir of a wild creature, deciding whether he was going to attack or bolt. But of course, the Maia did neither, and quickly the whole group was heading up towards the level of the Citadel. It did not escape Faramir's attention that Sauron had been placed in the middle of the group. Faramir quickly realized that that was not simply a coincidence. Those who had travelled to Minas Tirith were extremely protective of the younger Maia, especially Olórin. His watchful care of Sauron reminded the young Steward of his own brother, now lost to him. He found himself hoping that this set of brothers would not be torn apart. It was an odd realization, but one he became more set in the longer the Elves and Maiar stayed in Minas Tirith. Faramir had heard their story, but watching them interact, he could believe that Sauron had risked Saruman's wrath to rescue Olórin. But he could not spend much time observing them, between planning with Aragorn on how to restore Gondor and Arnor, and what to do about Rohan, he was kept busy. Heading down a little used corridor in the Citadel, on his was to meet with yet another group of lords, Faramir came around a corner and stopped abruptly. On a small bench set against a wall between two pillars, were the two Maiar. Olórin's attention was held by the book he had in his lap, the pages of which he absently turned with his left hand. His right was wrapped around Sauron, who was asleep on his shoulder. The younger Maia had his legs pulled up on the bench, taking up all the remaining room. A small, slightly painful smile tugged at Faramir's mouth, and he quietly turned and left, leaving the brothers to themselves. It was not long after Faramir left that Sauron stirred. Olórin carefully marked his place in his book and set it aside, tightening his grip on his brother as Sauron returned to awareness. "Awake?" Olórin asked gently. Sauron nodded, yawned, and stood to stretch before sitting back down. "I think I have it figured out now," Sauron said as if he were simply continuing a conversation. "Have what figured out?" Olórin asked. "What to do with Saruman," Sauron replied. "Ah," Olórin said, on the same page as his brother now. "He's had enough time to re-staff Barad-dûr, and the scouts are fairly certain he's done so with my people. He's used the Nazgûl to block the Morgul pass, so the only way in is for you to take us. So it will be best if we keep it small: just you and me." Olórin frowned slightly at that, but said nothing, though he rose and began to pace. "Once we're in, my people can get us close to Saruman. I'll let him 'accidentally' see me, and he'll chase me." Olórin turned to Sauron, shock and anger on his face. But Sauron simply continued. "You'll come up behind him in some nondescript form, ambush him, and take him to the Sammath Naur. Once there, you can get rid of the Ring–I suggest simply taking his whole hand–and then you take him to Valinor. After that, you can return for me. Saruman should be so blinded by his hatred for me, that he shouldn't have time to use the Ring against you. And I should be fine, with this form and the shield Elrond and Galadriel created." "You cannot ask me to accept you playing bait," Olórin said angrily, ignoring Sauron's ending platitudes. Sauron didn't blink. "I cannot ask anyone else to do so," he said calmly. "This is, ultimately, my fault. I will not allow anyone else to take this risk." Olórin grabbed his wrists. "He will hurt you," he said certainly. "He will if he catches me," Sauron replied. "But that's true for anyone. I don't intend to get caught." "A lot of things 'you didn't intend' still happened, Mairon," Olórin snarled. "Olórin, there is no one else," Sauron said intently. "He can't know about you, and there is no one else he would chase, forgetting all else." Olórin still looked rebellious, but Sauron pressed on, not letting him speak. "Please, Olórin," he said softly. "Let me redeem myself, in my eyes if in no one else's. Let me do this." Olórin sighed, fight leaving him. "Alright, little brother," he whispered. "Just please, please don't do anything foolish." "I'll try," Sauron smiled. "Let's go." "Now?" Olórin asked in shock. "No better time," Sauron replied. "If we tell anyone else, they'll argue with it, wanting to be involved. I'm ready to end this." "I am as well," Olórin said firmly. "You are right, it is time to end this." One way or another , Sauron finished silently. "Are you sure this will work?" Olórin hissed quietly, in the guise of an unremarkable Haradrim man. "No," replied Sauron, who hadn't changed form, as he was incapable of doing so. "This always was the hardest part of the plan…" He trailed off as a Haradrim woman exited a door and caught sight of them, her eyes widening. Sauron's did as well, though for a different reason. "Bayat!" he called softly. "Bayat!" Shocked