I know I was planning to wait until Wednesday to post this...but I'm going to go ahead and do so now. Rarely did all the Valar meet in the Máhanaxar in the later Ages of Arda. However, as the Third Age gave way to the Fourth, they gathered, intent on untangling the confused mess that had ended the Third Age, and passing judgement on those involved. The bearers of the Three were present, as well as the Maia they had sent to aid those in Middle-earth and had instead tried to rule all, and the one who had fallen long ago, but had proved instrumental in seeing the forces of Light triumph. Saruman was currently being held apart from the rest, as the Valar decided to get the story from the others before hearing his version of events. Galadriel looked serene to one who didn't know her, but on closer inspection one could see the anxiousness and anticipation she held under control. Elrond and Olórin's attention was focused on the dark figure they held supported between them. Sauron had been badly burned when Orodruin had erupted, and not even the combined might of the Three had been enough to heal him. He was clad all in black, concealing all but his face. His hair was cropped to his shoulders, and the right side of his face was scarred. It was impossible to see if his eye was also damaged, as he kept his gaze firmly on the ground. Olórin spoke first, telling the long, confusing tale. It took some time, but finally he finished with the journey to Valinor. Elrond and Galadriel spoke next, adding their own insights and observations. When they were finished they left, anxious to see their families, though they did request to be informed when decisions were reached as to Saruman and Sauron's fates. Then Olórin, at Manwë's bidding, helped Sauron kneel, which he did awkwardly due to the damage done to his right leg, and prepared to leave. Before he could do so, Manwë rose from his throne and caught him in an embrace. "Lay aside your guilt and self-blame, my child," he whispered gently. "You have done all that was expected of you, and I am very proud of you." Sauron looked away. He was not jealous, and was glad that his brother was receiving the love and healing he needed, but the sight triggered the dull ache he'd lived with since first coming to Eä. Olórin left, and the Valar asked Sauron to tell the tale again, through his eyes this time. He did so, speaking simply and concisely, his gaze fixed on his knees. He ended with the destruction of the Ring and Orodruin's eruption. There was a thoughtful silence before Námo broke it. "Can you come here, child?" he asked softly. Sauron shook his head. "I cannot rise unaided," he said in a low voice. Námo rose and came forward, supporting the Maia as he tried to gain his feet. Halfway his leg gave way, and he collapsed, leaving his entire weight supported by Námo. However, his slight frame was no difficulty for the Vala, and Námo easily pulled him completely upright. Then, stooping slightly, he placed an arm behind Sauron's knees, pulling him to his arms before walking back to his throne. Once there, Námo removed the Maia's boots, then followed with the rest of his clothing, until he was clad only in small clothes, revealing the damage Orodruin had done to his form, as well as the older scars. The entire right side of his body was freshly scarred, with enough damage to his arm and leg that their functionality was greatly reduced, especially his leg. Estë rose from where she sat and came over to the small Maia, tipping his head back to get a better look at the scars on his face. His eye had been damaged, visible now as he was forced to raise his face for the first time. "Close your eyes, child," Estë murmured. Sauron complied, and she gently rested the fingertips of her left hand on his closed lid. When she let go, his eyes fluttered open, and he blinked a few times, focusing. Estë quickly ran him through a few simple tests to ensure his vision had returned to normal. "Do you want me to heal the rest of this?" she asked, indicating the rest of the scars. Sauron hesitated. "Those on my face and hand, yes," he said. "And I'd like to be able to use my limbs again. Other than that…I'd like to keep it." "Why is that?" Námo asked him. "It's the only scar I have from doing something right," Sauron replied quietly. "All the rest are from when I messed up." Estë seemed surprised, but did as he asked, starting with his face. She quickly healed all the damage there, restoring his hairline to normal, which apparently itched when the new hair sprouted. Rather than leave the short fluff, Estë grew it out to match the rest, which was just below shoulder length. She then continued down the rest of his body, healing the damage done to the muscles and nerves, but leaving the surface level scars, except for those on his hand. She spent quite a bit time making sure his hand still had the dexterity it would have had before, realizing how much he used his hands. When Estë was done, Námo helped Sauron back into the leggings he had been wearing beneath the full length robe, then simply wrapped him in a blanket which Vairë handed to him. "We need to hear Curumo's version of events now," Námo told him. "However, as you and he were the sole witnesses of many of the key events, if you will assent to it, we would have you remain, to ensure he cannot twist his story too much." Sauron bit his lip, fear creeping into his gaze. The last time he had seen Saruman was still vivid in his mind. "You will be hidden from his view," Námo reassured the Maia he held. "He will not see you or hear you, and will not know you are here. Nor will we allow him to harm you." Slowly, Sauron nodded. "I will stay," he said quietly. Námo nodded and closed his eyes for a moment, focusing, though nothing changed to Sauron's eyes. "Almaron," Námo called the name of one of his Maiar, and the brawny Maia appeared, escorting the form of Saruman. Saruman looked nothing like the Maia who had caused so much trouble and consternation in Middle-earth, with his robes torn and dirty, and his hair disheveled. But Sauron could not help his first reaction upon seeing the other Maia, and violently shied back into Námo, who tightened his grip. "It's alright, little one," Námo murmured to the now slightly shaking Maia as he nodded in dismissal to Almaron. "You are safe." Sauron took a deep breath and let it out slowly, pulling his emotions back under control with Ages of practice. Saruman was sullen at first, when the Valar began to question him. He seemed to feel himself very ill used. But when the questions touched on what he had done to Sauron, his attitude changed to one of mocking contemptuousness. "He deserved everything I did to him," Saruman said. "I went to Middle-earth to see him humbled and overthrown, and that's just what I did. If Olórin hadn't been sent along, everything would have been perfect. Olórin was far too sympathetic towards Sauron, but what else could one expect from the brother of that miserable brat? He protected him up to the very end, the traitor. He even protected him when I was about to finally win, about to destroy any resistance Sauron would have ever offered." Manwë looked at him sternly. "Are you referring to when Olórin stopped you from physically raping his little brother?" he asked, in a caustic tone unusual for the Elder King. Saruman looked sulky. "All I did was kiss him," he groused. Sauron made a noise of disbelief akin to a snort. "Is he lying?" Námo asked him calmly. "Oh, it was only a kiss, but considering that by the time Olórin got there I was pinned to a wall, he had forced my mouth open, and was running his hands all over me…" Sauron broke off, shuddering. "I've never been more relieved to see someone than I was when Olórin came," he whispered. "Besides, that's hardly the worst thing he's been subjected to," Saruman regained his boldness, and proceeded to lay out what Sauron had suffered under Morgoth and later in painful detail. Sauron buried his head in Námo's chest as he was forced to listen to the past he could not bring himself to talk about being paraded around by the Maia who had treated him as Morgoth had. Námo tightened his arms protectively around the small Maia he held, and the expressions of the Valar grew more and more set as they let Saruman talk. "He is so easy to manipulate," Saruman bragged. "He's been conditioned not to fight back against someone more powerful than him, no matter what they do to him, and once I had broken his defenses, it was all too easy to do anything I wanted with him. He's been treated so poorly he has almost no self-worth left. Broken, helpless…it was all too delightful to watch that controlled façade he wears fall away to the vulnerable little creature he really is. He created that Ring in an attempt to keep from being hurt again…and that's exactly what I used it for." He smiled, predatory and cruel. Sauron raised his head, as fear and disgust spilled over into anger and hatred. Those were two emotions he was well acquainted with, and he pushed himself up, throwing off the blanket and sliding off Námo's lap. He stalked towards Saruman, who turned in surprise to find the other Maia there. "Why do you hate me?" Sauron demanded. Saruman's face twisted. "You're a traitor! You deserved–" "You hated me before you knew that. Why?" Sauron cut him off. "You were always so powerful, always had everyone adoring you–" Saruman began bitterly. Sauron cut him off again. "Adoring me? I had a grand total of four friends, Curumo, one of whom was my brother! You were the one who had everything: friends, family, the esteem of our lord… You had everything I ever wanted. As for power?" he shook his head, laughing bitterly. "All that got me was Melkor's attention. You know my life Curumo, nearly as well as I do after what you have done to me. Do you really want it?!" Saruman said nothing, face suddenly uncertain. "No, you don't," Sauron continued. "Because no sane being does!" Saruman's confusion shifted back to anger, and with a snarled oath, he grabbed Sauron. But Sauron was no longer helpless, and with quick precision, he slammed his fist into the other Maia's solar plexus, leaving him gasping for air. "And I am no longer your slave," the younger Maia snarled, as he turned and walked back to Námo's side, his expression morphing into one of sullen exhaustion. Námo simply pulled him back into his embrace, and Sauron tiredly closed his eyes and rested his head on the Vala's chest, fight apparently gone out of him. "You have chosen your path, Curumo, and thus it seems we must see you sentenced to the Void," Manwë began dispassionately. "My Lord Manwë," Sauron interrupted, "Though it is not my place to decide this, I would not see him thrown to the Void." "You would show him mercy?" Manwë asked in surprise. "No," Sauron replied. "But I find that I cannot subject another to what I have been subjected to." He eyed Curumo. "Perhaps you would feel the same if you were in my place…or perhaps not. I don't know. I don't care. " He turned his attention back to Manwë. "Besides,