Harry and Daphne Chapter 1: Questions Author's Note: I've received some mention about my style of formatting. I'm trying to clear it, so, if you would try to overlook some typographical errors, let me know of at least the major problems you may have. If you'd like to be my Beta, let me know. I'll list your name with the chapters that you Beta for me as that would be only right. I do enjoy writing. Here, I'm presenting Harry as a 6th year and moving around a few items that you may find as 'standard' in the canon stories. This is just for fun, and I'm not making any money off of it. Read and enjoy it. From time to time, I will go back and make improvements in it and if I do, I'll leave a note here for your convenience. Have fun. Harry Potter was in hissixthyear, when it happened. It was the same year that Professor Remus Lupin was his Defense Against the Dark Arts Professor; "Moony", as he was called by his friends, his very close friends, the Marauders of a Generation ago. "Today, class, I will teach you the Patronus Charm." Professor Lupin walked in front of his Defense Class, setting down his stuff and turning towards the class. "This is a charm that normally I'd be teaching to all seventh years in the spring before they graduate, but, due to it's complexity, and the amount of magical power needed to successfully cast it, it's going to be rather difficult for most of you to cast it." "Now, does anyone know what the Patronus charm does?," Professor Lupin asked. Hermione raised her hand, the only one in the class to do so. "Miss Granger?", Professor Lupin recognized Hermione "The Patronus charm defends us against the Dementors." Hermione answered, she was very excited with the subject. "Correct. The Dementors are the worst in our World. No other creature in our World can affect us like they can. No other spell affects them – ONLY the Patronus Charm has an effect on them. It protects us from them. It drives them away." Professor Lupin described the effects. "Professor," Hermione asked again, "Does the Patronus charm kill the Dementors? I've read all I find in the library and I've found nothing that says it can be done." lThe Professor replied, "No! The Patronus Charm only drives them away. In my experience no Dementor has ever been killed. They feed off of the Happiness of others, and they emit an intense cold. They make you feel like you'll never be happy again. That's why you need to have a very strong memory of something wonderful, something very happy to power the Patronus charm. Without this happy thought, your Patronus will not be able to form. Your magic produces the wisp-like vapor, but your happy thought, or your happy memory, gives it shape." "What does the Patronus look like?" Hermione asked. Remus smiled while he looked at Hermione. "Miss Granger, the shape of the Patronus depends upon the person casting it. It reflects your inner personality or as some would describe it, your innermost desire. Each person's Patronus is different. Oh, and one more thing, your Patronus can change shape as events in your life affect you." Meanwhile, Harry just sat in the class, not saying a word. Professor Lupin glanced at Harry momentarily and smiled. A silent message was passed between the two. Remus knew of Harry's capabilities. Almost. Every once in a while Harry would be glancing around the classroom. For some reason, known only to the faculty of the school, most of the core courses were taught to both Gryffindor's and Slytherin's at the same time. Neither House really got along with the other, due to animosity, but, some times there are members of each House who get along with each other. This relationship, they keep to themselves. Harry was one of them. Afterall, one doesn't tell all of their secrets, let alone their hearts desires! Harry glanced up and over to one particular student. She had long silky blonde hair and a shade of blue in her eyes that Harry liked. She was tall, taller than Harry, I'd guess the word that would best describe her height and 'bearing' would be statuesque. Anyway, she took Harry's breath away, as well as his heart. She looked over at him, smiled briefly, nodding her head ever so slightly and turned to continue paying attention in class. Harry smiled. After class, Harry lingered, while Ron and Hermione stayed with him. "Harry", Ron said, "what are you hanging around for? Lets go!" "Later, Ron. I've got something else to do, concerning this class." With that said, Ron shook his head and left. Harry was lingering in class after most everyone had left when a witch came up to him. "Hi, Harry." It was Daphne. Harry looked up at her, smiling. "Hi, Daphne." "What are you hanging around for?" Daphne asked, almost knowing the answer. She'd been through this scene too many times with other boys who tried to 'hit' on her, or idly chat her up and now, it was her who was initiating the conversation with another boy, and he wasn't even in her house. Oh, what would her house mates say if they ever found out? Of course, that's why she waited until she found him alone, and in a classroom so that it wouldn't be too difficult to explain away, that is, if she got caught by some of her friends or other house mates, they being Slytherin and all. As Daphne looked on she saw that Harry was different, in what way, she just couldn't tell, other than just being shy. She'd been noticing him for quite a long time now. She was aware of his reputation, but she'd been trying to see beyond that. She wanted to know what was behind the public face of The Boy Who Lived. Afterall, she's known as the 'Ice Queen' and that's only a public face that she uses to protect herself from those she'd rather not associate with. It's a sort of protection, easily done, rather not quite unlike the Patronus charm, but in another way. "Uh, I was going to ask Remus, uh, Professor Lupin a question about the class. He left before I could, you know, uh, talk with him." Daphne had him 'pegged', he wanted to talk with her but didn't know what to do or say. 'For all his ability in Magic, his one weak spot is not knowing how to deal with a girl,' Daphne thought to herself. 'There's more to this wizard than what meets the eye. He seems so gentle and not over bearing – like Malfoy is.' Daphne thought. "Did you understand the Patronus charm that he showed us? I tried to cast it, but just couldn't. I don't think anyone can, it seems too difficult." Daphne said to Harry, trying to get him to open up some. "Oh, yeah, I can cast it. It's not all that difficult." Harry mentioned. Daphne's eyes got wide, in utter disbelief at what she'd just heard. "Harry! That's one of the most difficult charms to cast. It takes an unbelievable amount of Magical Power to cast it, let alone to keep it going. And for a third year, it's unheard of." "Anyone can cast it, it just takes the right teacher to get you to push it out of your inner self. This is the one magical spell that determines what's inside you." Harry turned to Daphne and looked at her, directly into her eyes, "This spell determines just who you are." Daphne was stunned by what Harry just said. It was the way he looked at her when he was describing the Patronus Charm. It was what was 'inside' Harry that was calling to Daphne, and she felt it was good. "What do you mean by what's inside me? I don't understand." "You're familiar with the Killing curse, aren't you? It's an Unforgivable." Harry asked. "Yes, of course, everyone here has heard of that one." Daphne was wondering where Harry was going with this line of reasoning due to the dissimilarities of the two. "Well, the Killing curse and the Patronus Charm are the opposites of each other. They require different emotions: one is absolute Hate and the other is absolute Love." Harry looked at Daphne, right into her eyes. He was smiling. "Anyway, that's how I look at the two of them. Others may see it a bit different from me, but the Patronus charm requires you to be in a happy mood or have a happy thought or memory. Now, in order to cast the killing curse, you have to have absolute hate for another. It's the opposite of what you need to cast the Patronus charm. For that, you need absolute Love and caring for another. This is just one example. Another example would be a thought that'd make you very happy, that'd give you a good positive feeling. Those who are of each, they can't cast the others' curse or charm – it's just not in them to do it. Not for me, anyway." Harry said this last sentence rather quietly as he turned his head away and tried to sort his books back together. He didn't want her to hear that last part. Even though he knew the Headmaster was there when it happened and they'd talked about it, Harry still felt bad. Still, as he looked up at the Slytherin Witch, she was smiling and had that look about her that softened him. There was a certain something about her that he liked. He shook his head slightly, biting his lower lip some like his long time friend, Hermione does when she's worried or working on a difficult problem. Harry looked at Daphne and then he started to walk away, looking down. Harry was thinking back to his confrontation with Bellatrix, his thoughts were mixed on this. He so much wanted to hurt Bellatrix, but the curse he tried to cast, well, it just didn't work for him. Maybe he was doing it wrong. Maybe he just was unable to cast it due to something else inside him. He just didn't know, or maybe he needing to be taught more. Daphne walked over to Harry, placing her hand on his shoulder to connect with him. "What's wrong Harry?" There was care and concern in her voice. Harry looked up at Daphne, and decided to go for broke. He's had so many other problems, what's one more? The entire episode was published on the front page of the Prophet, so it wasn't like she'd not heard of what'd happened. "Last year, when we were in the Ministry, me, Ron, Hermione, Ginny, Luna and Neville, we were fighting the Death Eaters." "Harry, I read the Daily Prophet, what happened there is common knowledge. My father is a member of the Wizengamot and he found out what happened. He told Mom, me and Astoria all about it. He even asked me if I knew anything about you." Daphne looked at Harry, into his emerald green eyes that to her were so captivating. Harry was startled at this new revelation. He didn't expect some one that, well, 'close', to be asking questions about him. He wasn't even aware of anyone in Slytherin House to be on the Wizengamot to be, well, 'nice', wouldn't be the right word. All he'd ever expected was just a bunch of Death Eaters. That's all he's ever been exposed to. Daphne was looking at Harry; He was not saying anything. "Harry, what's wrong? You stopped talking You want to finish your thoughts?" Harry looked at Daphne for a few seconds before speaking. "Yeah, I was gonna say something about the Ministry. Anyway, it's not important. You'd know the names of some of them, probably all, they have kids here, like Malfoy." Daphne stopped Harry