Paradoxical Instincts Chapter One: I Develop a Serious Case of Cattitude The night was going normally until I saw the cardboard cutout of Lou Ellen. If it hadn't started talking, I might have not noticed it. "Hello there!" The cardboard cutout buzzed, it's recording of Lou Ellen's voice grainy. "How are you doing today? That is nice to hear." I stopped in my tracks and stared at the cutout. Of all the peculiar things to find in the forest a little after five A. M., this about topped the list. Who on earth would not only create a cardboard cutout of Lou Ellen and then, secondly, leave it out in the middle of the forest overnight? I approached the cutout cautiously. While the cutout seemed completely harmless, I had fallen into the habit of being suspicious of my surroundings everywhere I went around camp. This was because the Aphrodite cabin, within roughly the last week, had been very... uh, ' interested' in ' helping ' me with what they perceived as romantic deficit in my life. Despite the fact that I'd politely turned them down several times already, they kept trying to interfere, sometimes forcefully. Anyways, it was right around five A. M. in the morning, which meant that the Aphrodite campers should still be getting their beauty rest. I really doubted that this random cardboard cutout was meant for me to find. "Hello there!" The recording buzzed to life again as I stopped a foot away. The moonlight illuminated cardboard cutout Lou Ellen's permanent, crafty smile. I found her frozen expression oddly amusing. It was as I was pondering this strange cutout when I noticed the blue sphere pushed into the cardboard at her stomach. For a long moment, I pondered about how it looked strangely familiar. There was intricate detail etched onto the surface of the orb. Where had I seen that before? The answer came to after a moment of consideration. Lou Ellen's pig balls. Her pig balls looked something similar to the blue orb. Wait... I realized that if that sphere looked like a pig ball, it might actually be a pig ball. I started to back up immediately, but I wasn't fast enough. The orb glowed for half a second before exploding and filling the world around me with blue smoke. I fell to the ground, my lungs burning and my body numb. The forest cleared up rather quickly, but it took a long spout of coughing to fully clear my chest of the thick smoke. It left terrible flavor in my mouth which reminded me of old tuna. I spat a wad of saliva out on the ground. As I gathered my bearings again, I realized that the forest had changed. Now, I'm not the tallest of the demigods, but I had never found the forest canopy so far above me. The trees had suddenly gotten a lot larger. " What the hell ," is what I tried to mutter. However, the noise I actually made was more akin to, "Mrr-row?" Oh no. I didn't want to look, but I had to. My gaze hesitantly dropped downward. Sure enough, my wonderful, normal, human hands had been replaced by a set of paws. The sphere hadn't been a pig ball; it had been a cat ball. One of the nearby trees rustled. "HAHA, GOT YOU!" The real Lou Ellen landed heavily several feet away. However, she stopped her gloating abruptly when she saw me. "Huh? You're not Cecil." I hissed at her. Lou Ellen took a few steps closer and crouched next to me. She looked huge, which was kind of unnerving. "I know you're not Cecil because he's always a tabby." Lou Ellen commented thoughtfully, before stretching out a hand to pet me on the head. However, since she was the reason I was currently a cat, I wasn't really interested in letting her pet me like some simplistic animal. I batted her hand away and hissed again. "Oh, Nico! It's you!" She exclaimed with surprise. I wasn't sure how she figured out who I was. "Sorry, I was trying to prank Cecil. We have this war-thing... anyways, don't worry, the spell should wear off soonish!" She waved her hand nonchalantly. Soonish? I didn't like the sound of soonish . I gave Lou Ellen my best cat glare. I really hoped that by soonish she meant, let's fix this right now! She picked me up. Now, I had been carried before when I was a little kid. But as a sixteen year old male, I couldn't remember the last time someone picked me up and carried me. So I reacted, flailing to get out of her grip. Again, I tried to talk, " PUT ME DOWN! " but it just came out as a high pitched yowl. "Holy Hades, calm down. I'm just going to bring you back to camp. You can't stay out here as a cat, 'cause something might eat you." Hmph! If anything in the forest dared to try and eat me, it would find itself swarmed by undead soldiers. Unfortunately, due to my predicament, I couldn't make this argument with Lou Ellen (besides that, I had a creeping feeling that my underworld powers would work while in cat form). Even though it was absolutely annoying, I decided to allow her to carry me. I huffed loudly and relaxed in her arms. When we reached the edge of camp, Lou Ellen went the wrong way. Both the Hades cabin and the Hecate cabin were in the same direction, to our left, with the rest of the newer cabins. Lou Ellen headed to the right. I glared up questioningly at her, sinking my claws gently into her sleeve to get her attention. She ignored me. The sun was beginning to rise when we reached the Apollo cabin. "No," came out as a short growl. I flexed my claws deeper into her sleeve for emphasis. "Oh, shush you. I don't have time to babysit you today." Lou Ellen was grinning deviously. I wanted to scream at her, " You turned me into a cat! I'm your problem, whether you have time or not! You should be concerned with fixing me, not babysitting me! " But just like before, my vocalizations came out as a mixture of incoherent hisses and growls. The Apollo cabin was broken into two sides, one for the girls and one for the guys. Lou Ellen went straight for the guy's door and barged in. "Hey Will – oops!" Her voice jumped up a few pitches at the end of her exclamation. Several male demigods in various states of undress all turned to stare at Lou Ellen and me. It looked like they all had just woken up, with their hair ruffled and some still partially in their pajamas. Luckily, I was a cat, so no one could see how much blood rushed to my face. In the very back of the group, a shirtless Will Solace was in the process of pulling on a pair of jeans. He yanked his jeans up quickly when he saw Lou Ellen. The rest of his brothers, while yelling in annoyance and embarrassment, also quickly slipped on more clothes. "Lou Ellen!" Will complained as he walked over. "For crying out loud, you can't just come in like that!" Don't stare at his chest. Don't stare at his chest. I told myself fiercely. … okay, maybe I'll just stare for a moment. "Sorry about that, Will." Lou Ellen muttered, clearly embarrassed. It seemed like the half-naked, muscly demigods had affected her too. Will's face softened. "It's fine. Just... don't do that again. Ever. Please." His eyes drifted down curiously to where Lou Ellen had me cuddled against her chest. I nodded my head at him in greeting. Before Will could ask why Lou Ellen had brought a cat into his cabin at five thirty A. M. in the morning, she sloppily shifted me around in her arms, grabbed me under the arm pits, and thrusted me towards him. "I got you a present!" She declared cheerfully. Flattening my ears back, I let out a hiss, " I am not a present. " Will stared in confusion at Lou Ellen, then me, then Lou Ellen again. "Um, what? Lou Ellen, we can't have pets." "Well, this one is kind of a special pet." I let out another hiss. Will frowned and asked apprehensively, "Special pet...?" "I accidentally turned Nico into a cat." Lou Ellen answered flatly. Behind Will, the other Apollo guys started snickering. Their cabin counselor's ears reddened. "You... what? Why?" He looked at me, clearly baffled. I avoided his gaze, twitching my tail in discomfort. I didn't like all this attention. "Long story short, I was trying to get Cecil. But I accidentally got Nico with my cat ball." Lou Ellen explained, before taking a step forward and shoving me into Will's chest. Upon hitting Will's muscular chest, every inch of my being felt electrified. It took everything in my power to not sink my claws into Will's bare chest out of shock. Breath, I reminded myself. Lou Ellen then said, "Here you go! I've got to get to working making another cat ball to use on Cecil." With that, she let me go and took a few steps back. I would have fallen, but Will's arms had wrapped around me. Even through my fur, I could feel his warmth. I was glad that he couldn't see my blush since I was, well, a cat. "Wait, hold on, how long until he turns back into a human!?" Will asked a good question; I would have also liked to know that. "I dunno, maybe a day?" Lou Ellen replied, a big, innocent smile decorating her face. She didn't wait for any further questions. "Okay, bye!" The mischievous daughter of Hecate turned and skipped out of the cabin. I made a mental note to get revenge on Lou Ellen as soon as I was back to being a human. The arms holding me started to move, until Will's hands hooked under my arms just like Lou Ellen's had. Why did everyone want to hold me like that? He held me about a foot away and stared at me curiously. "Um." He drawled awkwardly, "Hi Nico?" " Hi, " came out as, "Meow." That's when he started to laugh so hard that he leaned heavily forward, his entire body shaking with each deep laugh. Meanwhile, I didn't find anything worth laughing at. This was a tragic situation, not a funny one! I, the Ghost King, the son of Hades, had been turned into a damned cat! Thoroughly annoyed, I glared at Will. "Oh gods, Nico, you poor thing." He chortled after calming down. He tilted his head and inspected me curiously. After a pause, Will commented pleasantly, "You make a cute cat though." I glared at the floor shyly. He laughed again. "Yep, you're definitely Nico. Okay, well… I guess you're coming with me to work today." Once again, I found myself being handled precariously as he shifted me onto head. His mop of blond hair smelled like lavender and campfire. "Comfortable?" He didn't wait for a reply (not that I could give anyways, since I was a cat). After he put on a button up shirt, we were off. Technically, I've been alive for almost ninety years. Yet, honestly, I have never experienced an earthquake. Riding on top of Will Solace's head was what I suspected one would feel like. It took everything in my newly found cat balancing skills to keep myself centered on his head. Will made a pit stop at the dining pavilion for breakfast. The nymphs were more than happy to receive special requests, especially for a handsome son of Apollo. I'd be lying if I said it didn't annoy me at how thrilled they were to scramble to find cat food for Will. "Oh, anything for you, Will!" They cooed