Disclaimer: I do not own the Elf and I do not own the Ranger. Teitho Prompt: Disguises Summary: Trade negotiations have been dragging on for days . There is much restlessness in the halls of the Elven-king. And then a young human rides into the Wood-elves' realm with an urgent message. Characters: Thranduil, Legolas, Aragorn, Elladan and Elrohir, with a cameo by Halbarad. This is unchanged from the Teitho version except for a couple of typos taken out. Many thanks to my wonderful beta, Calenlass, for advice, suggestions, and patience with questions. Rating: PG Knife and Sword "Elladan!" Aragorn shouted. "Do you see anything? How far behind are we now?" "Too far for my liking," Elladan muttered, though he was not heard by the Elf and the Men behind him. "Elladan!" This time it was Elrohir who was shouting. "We're almost through the High Pass! If we go any further will find ourselves in Mirkwood!" Elladan turned his horse abruptly. "They seem to have gone straight east – but I cannot be certain. They may have reinforcements. We risk being ambushed if we follow them any further." Ignoring Halbarad's mutter about Elven equivocation, Aragorn said, "We cannot risk letting them escape. We found them too close to Imladris – they might return in greater numbers, beyond even Ada's power." Legolas hated trade negotiation meetings, but with his right arm still in a sling from the last spider attack, he had had no excuse to get out of this one. He was sitting at his father's right, trying to smile politely at the man opposite of him. It was small consolation that his father was equally bored. Thranduil did not show it, but Legolas knew him well enough to notice the irritable drumming of his fingers on the tabletop as one of the men droned endlessly on about the skill of his town's craftsmen. " Lasto ," Thranduil hissed under his breath, and Legolas gave a guilty start and tried to take in what the man was saying. Fortunately, at that moment the man bowed and sat down. Thranduil nodded to Istuion, his seneschal, who was sitting across the table. The Elf got to his feet. "My King, might I suggest that we stop for luncheon now? Our visitors must be weary." Thranduil nodded. "Of course. Perhaps our guests would like some time to rest afterwards?" He looked at the leader of the men, who nodded gratefully. Thranduil pushed back his chair and got to his feet. Everyone else rose at once to follow the Elven-king out of the room. Legolas waited for the others to leave and then sank back into his chair. He could not remember being so utterly bored in his entire life. Perhaps his father would let him off attending any further meetings if he pretended that his arm was giving him trouble – but, no, then Thranduil would have him banned from the archery fields for even longer . He got up, went to the door, and opened it carefully, hoping that all the men would have gone to their quarters or to the dining halls. Instead, he saw two of them standing outside engaged in conversation with Istuion. Istuion glanced apologetically at the prince. "Are you all right, Legolas? Perhaps you should go and get some rest... Barancrist tells me your arm will need a few more days to heal." "We were sorry to learn of your injury, Prince Legolas," one of the men said. "Although we were glad that it gave us the opportunity to meet you at last," the other added. "We had been told, of course, of your resemblance to your father, but none of us realized how strong it was until we saw you." "I am only sorry that my duties as a warrior give me so little time to get to know people of other realms. It is a pleasure to meet you," Legolas said untruthfully. Four Days Later Aragorn staggered to his feet. "How bad is it?" "Four dead," Halbarad said grimly, helping him up. "And many injured." "This has been a hard victory," Elrohir said quietly from Aragorn's other side. He glanced at Halbarad. "How grave are the injuries? Is there anyone close to death?" "A few." Halbarad shook his head. "We will not be able to leave this place until we have seen to the wounded. We have lost some of the horses, and many of the men are not fit to ride in any case." "I don't like this," Elladan said. "We are too exposed here... We do not know the land, there is no cover, and we are far too close to the Hithaeglir. Orcs could attack us at any time. Or spiders. Or goblins. And there are, what, six of us still capable of fighting? We'll be slaughtered." "That's my brother, always looking at the bright side," Elrohir said cheerfully. "He has a point, though," Aragorn said. Elrohir shrugged. "Perhaps, but what can we do about it? Let's start setting up camp and see how serious the injuries are. If it's not too bad we may at least be able to get to a defensible position tomorrow." Halbarad nodded. "The wounded are being gathered to the north, Lord Elrohir, while those who are able are burning the orc corpses and burying our dead. Once that is done we will set a guard, but there are too few for it to be of any practical use." The Elves followed the humans to where a makeshift tent was being erected to keep the worst of the sun off the injured Rangers. As soon as they saw the extent of the damage, they knew that there was no way they would be able to move for a few days, at least, given the reduced healing capacities of humans, even Dúnedain. Aragorn looked around and set his lips in determination. "Come on," he said, turning to his foster brothers. "I could use some help here." "Estel, a moment," Elladan said, beckoning. Puzzled, Aragorn followed the twins out. "We need to send for aid," Elrohir said softly, as soon as they were out of earshot of anybody inside the tent. "Now that we have seen – we might have to wait here for a week before everyone is fit to travel. We cannot hope to defend ourselves here for that long." "Aid? But we are too far – it would take weeks for someone to cross the mountains and fetch help." Elladan rolled his eyes. "I thought Rangers were supposed to have a good sense of direction. Look around, Estel. Have you no idea where we are?" Aragorn groaned. "Look, I know Elven tracking skills are infinitely superior to any human's. Can we take that as given? Where are we?" "Slightly more than a day's ride from Thranduil's stronghold," Elrohir said. "Less, for someone who knows lay of the woods." Aragorn blinked. "I didn't –" "We know you didn't," Elladan said calmly. "That's why we told you." "So if one of you will go –" "Not one of us," Elrohir said. "Whoever we send will reach the stronghold early tomorrow morning if he rides through the night... And even if they muster some archers and ride out immediately, it will take them at least tomorrow night to get to us. You need us here, on the off-chance that orcs attack between now and then." "On the off-chance that orcs attack before help arrives, we will all be dead." "Be sensible, Estel! Any rider sent to Thranduil will take exactly the same amount of time, and you need us here. Send someone who's incapable of fighting but can still ride." Thranduil entered his son's room without knocking, to find Legolas carefully stretching his right arm. "Did Barancrist tell you that you could do that?" Legolas grinned. "Barancrist was busy, but Calathiel did." "Hmmm..." Thranduil droned. "You do realize that you are still expected to attend the meetings this afternoon?" "Yes, Ada ," Legolas said in a resigned voice. Thranduil laughed and patted his son's shoulder. "Cheer up, tithen pen . It should be over today, they will leave tomorrow morning, and you can go back to the archery fields – if the healers permit it." "Do you understand?" Elrohir asked. "No," Sadron said nervously. "Do you understand how to reach the stronghold of King Thranduil?" Aragorn asked. "Yes, Lord Aragorn." "All right, then... Forget everything Elrohir just told you. The only thing you have to remember is that while the Elves of Greenwood – Greenwood, not Mirkwood – are not hostile towards humans, they do not entirely trust them. You will probably encounter a patrol long before you have reached the stronghold. Tell them you bear a message for their prince. Once you get to the stronghold, have somebody take you to Legolas immediately and tell him everything. Do not try to explain to anybody else." "You know what Legolas looks like, don't you?" Elladan said. "There is a painting of the three of us in the gallery at Imladris." "I have seen it, Lord Elrohir –" "Elladan." "Forgive me, Lord Elladan. I have seen it, but I do not know if I remember it well enough to recognize him." Aragorn shrugged. "It does not matter. Tell any Elf you see there that we have given you a message for Legolas, and they will take you to him. And while he is getting his Elves together ask to see the healers. They'll check your shoulder and re-dress it if needed." "Yes, Lord Aragorn." Aragorn, Elrohir, and Elladan stood looking after him as he galloped away in the direction of Eryn Galen. It was close to midnight, and Sadron was deep in the forest, when he heard a voice cry in Sindarin, "Halt! Declare yourself!" He stopped short – he had heard enough about the Mirkwood archers to know that if he did not comply he might find himself receiving a fatal injury, even in the pitch blackness of the moonless night. "I am one of the Dúnedain," he called loudly in the same tongue. "I bear a message for Prince Legolas from my chieftain Aragorn son of Arathorn." For a moment, he heard nothing but the soft whisper of the wind in the trees, and then, without warning, there was an Elf standing on either side of him. Both Elves wore dark green cloaks that let them melt into the background of the forest at night. "Come with us." The Elves started walking away through the trees. Sadron dismounted and began to follow them, but one of them turned and said, "Ride, Man of the West. Never fear; your horse will not be too fleet for our feet." "I am delighted that our negotiations concluded so successfully, Your Majesty. My chieftain will be honoured that our trade with the Elves of Greenwood is to continue." Thranduil inclined his head. "It has been a pleasure to meet you." He nudged Legolas, who hastily said, "It has been a pleasure." The men bowed, mounted their horses, and galloped out with an escort of Elven archers, who would see them safely to the borders of Greenwood. As soon as the great gates had shut behind them, Thranduil turned to his son. " Before you go to the archery fields, go to the healing wards and ask Barancrist, Feredir or Calathiel if you can resume your normal activities now. I will discuss this with them later, penneth , so do not try anything foolish." Thranduil looked sternly at his son. "Yes, Ada ," Legolas mumbled, turning and going back inside the palace. Thranduil shot Istuion an uncharacteristic grin. "I suppose we'd better warn the archers that Legolas will be out on the practice fields soon, clamouring to do things he has been ordered to avoid." "They can handle him," Istuion said calmly. Sadron was barely awake. He hoped they would be reaching the stronghold soon... The Elves had said it was near, but who