Author's Note: So… People have been asking about the lack of LotR fic, and the Muses have been sniffing the air hopefully. And then the Hobbit -related news coming out obviously helped. I thought I'd ease into it again – so, hello, Mirkwood one-shot – and if anyone wants to know about Murder in the White City , Chapter 12 is called A Royal Welcome and should be up… soon, I hope. As soon as I can manage it. I'll have to take a couple of days to figure out what I've written so far (in terms of the mystery) and what clues I still need to give you. I'm sorry, I know it's been horrible of me to leave you hanging on that and I have absolutely no excuse other than recalcitrant bunnies. But I promise to get cracking on that now. In the meantime, enjoy this! Disclaimer: Not one Elf. Summary: Thranduil has met and terrorized most of his son's non-Elven friends. But this is his first encounter with the Prince of Ithilien. Prince of Ithilien "Listen to me, Faramir," Aragorn said, softly but urgently. "I was not there." Legolas, who was riding between them, cut his eyes at Aragorn and shook his head, but he said nothing. " I was not there ," Aragorn repeated. "Then where were you?" Faramir enquired, unable to keep the bemusement from his tone. "I have not yet decided, but I will think of something. Just remember to leave me out of it when you tell the story. If you have sense, you will leave yourself out of it as well, and leave the Elf to explain things as best he can." "Thank you," Legolas said acidly. "I am fortunate that you are my friend – I would hate to imagine how you would treat an enemy." "This has nothing to do with friendship, Legolas. I have a kingdom to think about. It has not even been two years since I took the throne. I have no heir. What, precisely, are my people to do if I die childless? And, as for Faramir, would you truly want to make poor Éowyn a widow so soon after her wedding? You are considered compassionate. Be reasonable!" "And what about me ?" the Elf demanded. " You will grimace as though your ribs and arm ache more than they really do, give your father that look of wide-eyed innocence – you have not seen it in action yet, Faramir; wait until you do – and he will forgive you everything." "This is infamous! I do not see why I should take the blame alone. Youwere with me." " We are unhurt." "I am not hurt, Ranger! I only look hurt because you are making me wear this ridiculous sling like a ridiculous child. My personal opinion is that you should be the one wearing a sling. I have little doubt that you need one more than I do. You sprained your wrist, and we all know Mortals take years to heal sprained wrists –" " Days , Legolas. Days. Not years." "Days, weeks, months, years. You can hardly expect me to keep track of them. It is all the same in the end!" "In any case," Faramir said, deciding it was best to intervene before the conversation grew too heated, "I do not intend to lie to King Thranduil. It is my first meeting with him. I want to make a good impression." "Sensible man," Legolas said, nodding. "You see , Estel?" "What I see is a foolish man. Faramir, you do not have to lie, but it would be best not to admit to Thranduil that you were with his son when he was injured but did not prevent it." "I am not going to lie to King Thranduil, even by omission," Faramir said firmly, forestalling whatever comment Legolas had been planning to make. "I will not , so there is no point arguing about it. Do you truly imagine, Aragorn, that we can have any kind of peace in Gondor if the Prince of Ithilien cannot get along with the father of its Elven-lord?" "I am not the Elven-lord of Ithilien," Legolas hissed. "Of course you are," Aragorn said smugly. "You have been the firstborn son of the Elven-king all your life, Legolas." "That is irrelevant. I am notthe Elven-lord of Ithilien. I am not even an Elven-lord. I am an archer in the service of the Elven-king. I am –" "Ignore him," Aragorn told Faramir. "He gets like this when he is nervous. At the moment he is worried about how to explain a broken arm and three cracked ribs to his father when he was supposed to be riding quietly from Minas Tirith to Ithilien." "Quietly?" Faramir asked, eyebrows rising. "With you ?" "He has you there, Elessar King," Legolas chortled. "You are the one being followed by an escort detail of twelve Royal Guardsmen, four members of the City Guard, eight yeomen, four horsemen from the light cavalry, two –" "That will do!" Aragorn snapped. "There is no need to go into details. We did manage to give them the slip." Legolas rolled his eyes, unimpressed. "They are only four hours' ride behind." "That was because we had to waste an hour while somebody fell off his horse –" "I did not fall off my horse. It was entirely your doing. If you had been paying attention to the road instead of mooning about whatever it was that Arwen said to you when she came to say goodbye at –" "You see? This is precisely what I do not want you to say in your father's presence. He is not particularly fond of me in any case –" "My father likes you! And he has liked you all the better since meeting Gimli. He once told me something about how, whatever your numerous faults, at least you were not a cave-dwelling stone-eater. Of course I took strong exception to his referring to Gimli as a cave-dwelling stone-eater. I know for a fact that Gimli eats normal food. I have never seen him eat a stone." "You see ?" Aragorn said to Faramir. " This is what you will have to put up with. For the next two weeks!" Legolas, glaring at both of them, nudged his horse away and towards the nearest tree. He reached out to lay a hand on the trunk. A moment later, he had muttered something that Faramir did not understand but which made Aragorn double over with laughter. "Really, Elfling?" Aragorn choked. "I did not even know you knew words like that!" "Laugh all you want, Ranger. My father is already waiting in the courtyard." The Elven-king of the Woodland Realm was indeed waiting in the courtyard, and Faramir was puzzled. He had always been interested in Elves – fascinated by them – and since the day he had learnt to read, he had devoured every bit of information he could find about them. Minas Tirith's library was extensive and old. He had found much to interest him. Most of the books and lays were about the Noldor and their struggles – Lúthien was the only exception. There was very little recorded information about Eryn Galen and the Elves who lived in the northern reaches of what had once been Greenwood the Great. But such books as Faramir had found had described Thranduil son of Oropher as just and essentially kind, if proud. He could be hard, one writer said, and unpleasant to strangers, but surely he had to be; how else could he hold his realm against the evil that threatened to engulf it, and with no tool other than the bows and swords of his warriors? That was the sum of what Minas Tirith's library could reveal. There were whispers of other things, of tragedy and betrayal that had cost the life of the queen, but nothing specific. A few weeks ago, he had asked Aragorn what Thranduil was like. (He had felt a little ridiculous waiting to go to Minas Tirith to ask Aragorn that when Legolas was half a day's ride away, but one could hardly go to the son of the Elven-king and say, "Is it true that your father locks trespassers in the dungeon with the rats?") At first Aragorn had been inclined to give substance to Faramir's worst fears. He had assured him that Thranduil's short temper was no legend, that uninvited guests frequently found themselves locked in one of the cellars, that Aragorn himself, on his first visit – And then Arwen had come in, and Aragorn had said, "But, really, Legolas seems to like you, so I doubt you will have any problems with Thranduil. He is usually accommodating of his son's friends." "Thranduil is fond of Legolas, then?" Faramir had hazarded. It seemed a safe enough assumption. Aragorn had laughed until there were tears in his eyes, and even Arwen had seemed amused by the question. Neither of them would say more than, "You will see." Faramir could not understand what it was that he was expected to see. Thranduil had taken one look at Legolas, rolled his eyes, and ordered him to the Healers. Just like that. No greeting, no questions, not even a token enquiry after Legolas' health. And Faramir knew that Thranduil had not seen his son for over a year. (Faramir had had to strain to understand the Sindarin: it was not the same sort he had learnt.) Legolas, for his part, had knelt (with a grimace for his ribs), pressed a formal kiss to his father's hand, and gone indoors without a word. Once Legolas was out of earshot, Thranduil turned his attention to Aragorn. The King of Gondor had dismounted and was waiting with one hand on his horse's bridle. "Elessar King," Thranduil said, with far more warmth than he had used to greet Legolas. "You are welcome to Eryn Lasgalen." "My King." Aragorn bowed, fist pressed to his chest in the Elven gesture of fealty. Despite Thranduil's tone, the King of Gondor sounded as though he expected to be fed to a giant spider. "I had nothing to do with it." "With my son's injury or with the fact that he has been riding through the forest with no escort –" "My King, we were with him!" "I beg your pardon. He has been riding through the forest with no useful escort –" "My King, I must protest –" "If you were a useful escort, he would not be hurt." "My King," Aragorn said, clearly desperate to change the subject, "this is Faramir, Prince of Ithilien. He is my friend – and your son's." Thranduil turned to him. Faramir found himself wishing he could disappear into the leaf-strewn forest floor. Faramir had been told that Legolas looked almost exactly like his father. He saw now that it was true: Legolas did look like Thranduil. There was a difference, though. When Legolas looked at him, Faramir did not feel like his soul was being taken apart, examined and found lacking in all respects. If this was what Aragorn described as 'accommodating'… Faramir shivered. Thranduil reminded him irresistibly of his own father. "M-m-my King," Faramir stuttered, mimicking Aragorn's gesture. "It is an honour to meet you." "Yes, we will see about that. I will have Istuion show you to your room." Two hours later, Faramir's opinion had been cemented: Thranduil was exactly like Denethor. Thranduil's seneschal had shown Faramir his room (in the royal quarters, near Aragorn's). Faramir had barely had time to change his tunic and find a fresh cloak before Aragorn had arrived, announcing that the Elven-king requested their presence in his study. "And when Thranduil requests things," he had gone on, "they happen. It is far safer for everyone that way." Faramir had trailed after Aragorn through a twisting maze of tunnels and passages (how Legolas could call this miserable labyrinth home and yet dislike caves was