Summary: Fluff, one-shot. Whether in Greenwood or in Minas Tirith, whether Elf or human, kings are fathers first. Characters: Thranduil and Aragorn, with brief appearances by Legolas and Eldarion. Rating: PG Disclaimer: I didn't create this and I don't profit from it. Many thanks to my wonderful beta, Calenlass, for advice, suggestions, and patience with questions. Homecoming Greenwood, Around Year 2500 of the Third Age "And there is still the matter of payment to the Men of Esgaroth." Thranduil, who had been about to get to his feet and disperse the Council, cast a pleading look at Istuion. The dark-haired Elf looked back at him unrelentingly, and with a soft sigh, the King sank back into his chair. "Of course," he said bleakly. "Payment to the Men of Esgaroth. I do not foresee any problems with that." The last statement was made with a hopeful glance at the Elves gathered around the long table. It did no good; one of them indicated that he wanted to speak. Thranduil heaved another sigh and nodded. He found himself not listening to a word; normally he would have paid attention, but today he was worried. Five days – they should have returned five days ago. He had not been concerned at first; warriors were often delayed when their duties took them more than a few leagues from the stronghold, and Legolas was leading a dozen archers nearly as far as the southern border. But there had been no word from the birds of the forest, and the trees had refused to say anything other than, "The Elfling is well." Minas Tirith, Year 35 of the Fourth Age Aragorn was trying not to scream. Eldarion had gone on what was supposed to have been a day-long hunting trip with the other youngsters. Neither Aragorn nor Arwen had thought twice before giving him leave to go: two of the weapons masters of Minas Tirith would be with them, and they would not be going far. But it was now nearly midnight, and they were to have returned at dusk. Aragorn had sent riders out, but they had not yet returned or sent any message, and he could feel himself growing tenser with each passing moment. He heard soft footsteps behind him and turned, expecting to see Arwen. Instead, he saw Thranduil, arms crossed, watching him with an inscrutable smile. "Forgive me, my King," Aragorn mumbled. "I did not mean to be a poor host, especially not on your first visit to our city –" " Sîdh ," Thranduil said, noting with a small shake of his head that Aragorn, despite having become a formidable warrior and a King in his own right, could never bring himself to address the ruler of Eryn Lasgalen as anything other than "my King" or "my Lord." "I understand fully, Estel. There is no need to apologize." For the first time that evening, Aragorn grinned. "Aye, my King, I suppose you do understand. I begin to feel sorry for you and my father. We did not give you an easy time of it." "You were better than Legolas, penneth ," Thranduil said. "Elrond usually managed to get news of you somehow. But that delinquent son of mine..." The Elven-king smiled again, this time with a mixture of affection and exasperation. "He still does it." "He always came back safely," Aragorn reminded his friend's father. "Or at least alive ." Thranduil laughed. "So he did." He patted Aragorn's shoulder. "So will Eldarion, Estel. Do not worry." Greenwood, Around Year 2500 of the Third Age Thranduil gazed around the big dining hall. It was full of Elves, mostly the younger warriors who lived in the stronghold, laughing and teasing each other and occasionally baring a knife or a sword in mock-threat. You could always gauge the situation in Greenwood by the mood in the dining hall. When the Shadow was at bay it rang with laughter and cheer, and when the orcs and spiders were making too many forays into the Wood-elves' realm it was sombre and quiet. He loved the dining hall when it was like this... It was a sign that he was doing his duty as King. But nothing could match the joy he felt on the occasions – which had been far too infrequent of late – when Legolas took a break from his duties as an archer and Thranduil and his son shared a quiet meal in their private dining room. "Return soon, ion n în ," Thranduil murmured under his breath. "I'm sure he is fine, Thranduil," said a voice beside him, and Thranduil turned to smile, with more than a hint of resignation, at the commander of his armies. "I'm sure he is, mellon nîn ," he admitted. "The forest has been quiet and we would have had word by now, if there had been any serious trouble. But you can never be completely certain with that idiot son of mine... If there is a way to break a limb or get an arrow through some part of his body or get bitten by spiders or poisoned by orcs, he will find it." Arbellason laughed. "He may surprise you this time." "If he does, I will give him anything he wants as a reward." Minas Tirith, Year 35 of the Fourth Age "How did you do it, my King?" Aragorn asked as he paced the room restlessly. "Do what, Estel?" "Let him go." At Thranduil's puzzled look, the human said, "Legolas. How did you force yourself to let him lead patrols into the forest day after day? Right now, I feel as though I would like to ban Eldarion from ever leaving the city again! And I know I'll feel that way even if I find that he has come to no harm. More than once Legolas returned to you injured... How could you bear to let him go again?" Thranduil sighed, gazing into the distance. "I had no choice. I do not deny that I, too, wanted to keep my son safely with me... I cannot count the number of times I was summoned from meetings and negotiations to go to the healing wards. Every time that happened I felt guilty – what kind of father let his son risk his life while he stayed safe behind his great gates?" Aragorn, noting the sudden darkening of Thranduil's eyes, dropped into a chair beside the Elven-king and said, "You had your duties, my King, as Legolas had his. You did ride to battle when you had to... But you had other duties; you had a realm to administer." "And Legolas was a warrior." Thranduil smiled. "And a capable archer–" "The finest archer in Middle-earth," Aragorn said, grinning. "I have had reason to be glad of that over the years." Thranduil chuckled. "One way or another, to have held him back would have been unfair to him and to the realm. How could I ask my people to let their children go into danger in battle if I was not willing to send my son with them? How could I have faced Legolas and told him to abandon his duty for the sake of my peace of mind?" Greenwood, Around Year 2500 of the Third Age Thranduil rose early after a sleepless night, and went outside, hoping to find some comfort among the trees. Not far from the gates of the stronghold was a small grove of beech trees; there the Elven-king made his way. Oropherion , one of the trees greeted him as he neared. Welcome. What has the Elfling done this time? Thranduil smiled. How did you know? You are worried. A King has many cares. We know you. You would not come here seeking our solace if you were worried that you were being charged too high a price for supplies from the villages of Men. You are wise, mellyn-nîn , although young. Young! The tree snorted. It is not our years that matter, Oropherion. The forest is old – far older than you – and it speaks to us. Has the forest counsel for me? What counsel do you seek? Thranduil hesitated. He was worried about Legolas, yes, but there was more; and he was not sure even he knew precisely what he wanted. I sense darkness growing in the forest. Shadows and fear and evil... Even the trees sense it. It is only here, in the vicinity of our stronghold, that you reach out freely and fearlessly with your spirits. My commanders tell me that the further you go from here, the harder it is to speak to the trees. The tree seemed to hesitate. I know of what you speak... And yet I do not understand it any more than you do. I am King! Thranduil burst out in frustration. I have to do something. I cannot let my realm fall into darkness. And then, with a sigh, Where is my son? Do not fear for your young archer, Oropherion. He is safe. He will return soon. Minas Tirith, Year 35 of the Fourth Age "Tomorrow," Aragorn moaned, "I must get on with the business of ruling. The petitioners will come, the captains will talk, the nobles will complain and they will all expect me to do something... And I cannot think of anything other than finding my son!" "That can happen," Thranduil said with a smile. "My respect for you has grown a hundredfold, my King," Aragorn said, before adding hastily, "Not that I did not respect you before... But when I think of what I am suffering, raising my son while ruling a realm at peace with its neighbours, I realize that I cannot begin to imagine what you went through..." He shook his head. "Did it help at all that Legolas commanded your archers?" "I don't know that it mattered," Thranduil said thoughtfully. "Had his predecessor been anyone other than Thorontur it may have been different... Thorontur was a fine commander, capable and trustworthy. Legolas was just as good in his own way, once he had learnt enough. Thorontur was far more practical and level-headed – he never lacked for courage, but he never took needless risks." "And Legolas?" Aragorn asked, fascinated, wondering whether, in a few decades, he would be telling similar stories about Eldarion. "Legolas would not order the archers into any unnecessary danger – but he would go himself, and they always followed him. They would have followed him even if I had forbidden it. I do not know whether it would have been better or worse, if it had been Thorontur who commanded the Colhador as the shadows deepened in the wood. We have lost skirmishes because Legolas was reckless where Thorontur would have been prudent, and we have won them because he held his ground in a hopeless cause and refused to cede an inch where anyone with prudence would have retreated." "I wonder..." Aragorn hesitated. "I fear that Eldarion tries so hard to be a warrior because he thinks he must live up to us – to me, to Arwen, or to my brothers." "Does that surprise you?" "It grieves me. I have had a hard life, but I had a wonderful childhood. Imladris was a haven of peace and beauty that I can never hope to replicate here. I was raised with all the care and love that the Eldar lavish upon their children – and that same care I long to give Eldarion, but here among the children of Men it would embarrass him. I had no companions to laugh at me if my family fussed." Aragorn chuckled a little wistfully. "Aye," Thranduil said, smiling at the man affectionately. "You were brought up as any young Elf would have been. There were times when this worried Lady Gilraen – she feared that you would be unable to understand your people." "She always said it would be difficult." Aragorn leaned back in his chair. "Arwen worries about Eldarion more than