Summary: When Elflings do not do as they are told, trouble can ensue... Fortunately the sons of Elrond are always there to come to the rescue. This story was written (a while ago) as a present for Nina, who wanted a disobedient young Thranduilion, a waterfall, Elven rope and an angry Glorfindel. With one thing and another I hadn't got to posting it... I hope it meets the requirements! Many thanks to my wonderful beta, Calenlass, for comments, suggestions, and patience with questions. Rating: PG Disclaimer: I am only borrowing the Elves, to be returned intact at the end of the story. The Waterfall Imladris, 14 June Morning " Missing? " Elladan hissed. "What do you mean?" "Precisely that," Arwen said. "He is not in his room, the kitchens, the Hall of Fire or the stable." She shook her head. "You do realize this is all your fault?" " Our fault!" Elrohir said in outrage. "Be quiet, you idiot! Someone will hear you. Yes, it is your fault. You're the ones who keep telling him stories about clever little Elflings who satisfied their curiosity against the express wishes of more sensible Elves –" "One story. It was one story." "Apparently it was enough. He's gone... With our luck he's probably gone to the Hithaeglir to find out what is beneath the mountains." Elrohir blanched. "I'm joking," Arwen said quickly. "Nobody told him the old stories about the Hithaeglir, did they?" Silence. " Did they? " "Maybe we should find Glorfindel." Imladris, 9 June Afternoon "Where are the waterfalls?" Glorfindel released the arrow before he answered Legolas' question, smiling with satisfaction when it landed in the centre of the target. "Well, tithen pen , there is one waterfall not far from the orchard Arwen showed you last week. Perhaps if Elladan and Elrohir stay out of trouble for the next few days, Lady Celebrían will trust them enough to let them take you there." He selected another arrow, drew and released in a smooth motion, and turned back to Legolas. "And if she does not want you to go alone, I will come with you." "Really, Lord Glorfindel?" "Really, Elfling," Glorfindel confirmed, laughing at Legolas' eagerness as he unstrung his bow. Legolas scampered off to fetch the spent arrows. "Be careful, tithen pen ," the Elf-lord called. "Do not run with them. The points are sharp, and Thranduil will send me back to Mandos if you hurt yourself." When Legolas returned with the arrows, Glorfindel asked, "Who told you about the waterfalls?" "Ro. He said there are many and they are beautiful." "So they are." Glorfindel slid his bow into its sheath and his arrows into their quiver before turning serious eyes on the young Elf. "Did he also tell you that you must not try to find them by yourself?" "Yes..." Legolas mumbled in a tone that conveyed how ridiculous he considered that injunction. "But I will be safe, Lord Glorfindel. I know all the trees here and I will not get lost." "You do know all the trees," Glorfindel agreed. "And they will certainly warn you of danger and guide you back to us if you lose your way. But the falls are no place for an Elfling. The rocks are wet and slippery, and you could easily hurt yourself. Your Ada and Nana have shown great trust by sending you to us for the summer, and we must do all we can to thank them for their trust by taking good care of you." Imladris, 14 June Morning Glorfindel stared from Elladan to Elrohir to Arwen. "How can he be missing?" he managed to say at last. "One of you always knows where he is. You let us wear ourselves out searching for him, and when we are about to give up in despair and Elrond is halfway through writing to Thranduil you produce him and pretend you just found him!" "We cannot find him, my lord," Arwen said miserably. "I have looked everywhere." The Elf-lord sighed and looked out the window, wondering if Legolas was going to take after his father in finding trouble as much as he took after him in looks. He certainly hoped not. "If you are certain he is not anywhere in the grounds, then it stands to reason that he is outside them. Have you any idea where he might have gone?" Elladan took to studying the toes of his boots and Elrohir suddenly seemed to find the tapestry on the wall behind Glorfindel extremely fascinating. Glorfindel scowled. "All right, what absurd story did you tell him this time?" "Well, my lord, that is the point," Elladan said, still not meeting Glorfindel's eyes. "We told him many stories. Of course we told him that not even grown-up Elves explore the mountains and –" " Mountains? " "We were telling him about how the Hithaeglir rose from the earth at the command of... Well... You know the story, my lord." Glorfindel blanched. "Please tell me there is another possibility." "We told him about many things, my lord... The Bruinen, the villages of Men in Eriador, the forest of Iarwain Ben-Adar, the waterfalls –" "The waterfalls!" Glorfindel gasped, remembering his conversation with the young Elf. "Of course! He was asking me about them – but I persuaded him to wait until we could take him to see them. At least, I thought I did, and he seemed agreeable enough at the time. But that was four days ago..." "And the Elfling is not known for patience," Elrohir supplied. Almost before he finished the sentence all four Elves were out of the room, Arwen hurrying to her father's study and Glorfindel and the twins making for the stables at a headlong run. Imladris, 13 June Night It was nearly midnight when a tiny jerk signalled Legolas' transition from Elven dreams to full awareness. He blinked as his eyes focused, glancing around in bewilderment before remembering where he was. The screeching call of an owl startled him. He sat bolt upright, but before he could do more than clutch at his blankets the bird lowered itself onto his balcony railing, perching itself there comfortably and turning gleaming golden eyes on the small Elf. For a moment, Legolas stared at the creature in apprehension, but then his curiosity overcame his fear and he slipped out of bed and went to the balcony. " Mae govannen ," he said softly, holding out a hand to the bird. It hooted and hopped closer. "Have you been hunting?" It cocked its head, hooting again. "Can you understand me? I can talk to trees, but not to birds yet. Nana says it will take time, but I will learn." He says he can understand you. Legolas giggled as the tall oak tree whose branches overhung his balcony brushed his thoughts with its own. "What does he want?" He saw you and he was curious. But he's satisfied his curiosity now, I hope. Shall I tell him to go? "Go? No! I want him to stay!" The more you keep your distance from winged beasts, the better it will be for you, Elfling. Flighty creatures, the lot of them, always rushing about as though the Tree-Slayer were chasing them. They only lead to trouble. "Trouble? But Glorfindel said birds are our friends and –" What does a Noldo know about it? This one is just trying to get you into trouble – "But what does he want?" He wants you to see some waterfall not far from here. Apparently, it looks especially beautiful tonight because of the full moon – "He will take me to the waterfall?" He will do no such thing because I will not allow it. I have heard of these waterfalls . Apparently, even grown Elves can be swept away. Eärendilion would be horrified at the thought of you going there by yourself in the middle of the night... What do you mean he will not be by himself, you half-witted woodpecker? You are hardly fit escort! "But I will not be alone! All the other trees will be there." Legolas reached up to climb into the oak, whose branches swayed upward just out of his reach. Oh, no. You are not going anywhere. Go back to bed at once, Elfling! The owl hooted and gave Legolas' hand a friendly nip before fluffing its plumage enticingly. "Well..." Legolas said, chewing on his under-lip, "I suppose I could climb down to that ledge and from there it is not a long drop to the ground..." What! I never heard anything so absurd! Didn't Elrondion and the Balrog-slayer both tell you not to go by yourself? "They will understand. Ro always says curiosity is a good thing." You cannot do this! You will fall into that terrible river – I don't need to see it, woodpecker! I know it must be terrible! Elfling, you go straight back to bed. Nothing good ever came from listening to the advice of the winged ones. You – no, wait, stop! Don't try that; you'll fall. I will help you down. " Le hannon, mellon nîn ," Legolas whispered as he jumped up into the oak's branches. Just remember that I tried to talk you out of this. Imladris, 14 June Morning Arwen found her father in his study, engaged in a game of chess with Erestor while Celebrían was sitting by the window buried in a letter. All three of them looked up at her entry, making her blush uncomfortably despite her clear conscience. "What is it, iell nîn ?" Celebrían asked. "We... I... that is... Legolas is missing." Arwen paused while the older Elves gave vent to various exclamations of annoyance before adding, "And he may have gone into the forest. Glorfindel, Elladan and Elrohir have gone to look for him." "I hope they find him," Elrond said grimly. "Lindariel warned me the child was a handful, but I never expected him to be so adept at coming up with new mischief everyday." "You will not very angry with him, will you, Ada ?" Arwen asked anxiously. "Elladan and Elrohir have been telling him stories about the world beyond at what is in it and of course we all told him not to try to sneak off by himself but I expect he was just curious. It is really not his fault." "Not his fault, penneth ?" Erestor said dryly. "I would dearly love to hear you try to justify that ." "Well, I suppose she has a point," Elrond commented. "Legolas would not be nearly as much trouble as he is if everyone else –" His accusing gaze swept over his wife, his daughter and his chief advisor, "– did not conspire to help him escape the consequences of his mischief." "You are a fine one to talk, meleth nîn ," Celebrían said with a small smile. "I was there when you attempted to lecture Legolas after he got lost in the archives room. As I recollect, you said, 'That was very naughty indeed, Legolas. You must never go to the archives room alone.' Then you spent the next twenty-five minutes telling him a story to cheer him up." "That was a different situation entirely," Elrond said in a dignified tone, ignoring the peals of laughter that came from the two ellith . Imladris, 14 June Between Midnight and Dawn Legolas emerged from a thicket, stopped short and stared in wonder. The waterfall was before him, breathtakingly beautiful in the moonlight. The owl, which had guided him this far, hooted softly and landed on his shoulder. He reached up to stroke its back. " Le hannon, mellon nîn. " The bird is happy to have given you pleasure , a nearby beech said. Now go home! "But I have just arrived!" All the more reason to leave at once. You may be able to get back before anybody realizes that you are missing. Think of all the lectures you will avoid.