Summary: One-shot. Elrond decided that Legolas should be the Elven representative in the Fellowship. Thranduil has his own views about that. Characters: Mainly Thranduil and Elrond, with brief appearances by other Elves, Dwarves and Hobbits. Author's Note: This fic is probably a little AU-ish, since it's fairly certain that this did not happen... But hopefully that won't spoil the story for anybody, since I've tried to stick to canon as far as dates are concerned and keep it at least remotely plausible. This is for Silivren Tinu, who helped me find this plot bunny and encouraged me to lure it in. Le hannon, mellon n î n! Many thanks to my wonderful beta, Calenlass, for advice, suggestions, and patience with questions. Rating: PG Disclaimer: Of course I'd be thrilled if allowed to persist in the delusion that I own Middle-earth and all the Elves in it. An Elf-Lord in Peril Eryn Lasgalen, April 25, Year 3019 of the Third Age Celeborn glanced at Thranduil, who, now that the immediate urgency of battle had ended, spent most of his time in whispered consultation with trees or staring away towards the south. "I saw him," the Lord of the Galadhrim offered. "Little more than a year past. He mourned Mithrandir, dead as we then thought, but otherwise he seemed well. Indeed, I believe he and Haldir engaged in several archery contests while he was amongst us." Celeborn quirked an eyebrow. "Many of my kinsmen lost heavily in the wagers that were laid." "I take it you did not?" Thranduil asked lightly. "Unless your nature has changed enough to allow you to risk your dearest treasures wagering on uncertainties." Celeborn laughed outright, his kinsman's words reminding him of the long-distant years of his youth in lands now forgotten. "After what I have seen, I would not call the outcome of such a contest an uncertainty," he commented. "You need not worry about the boy, Thranduil. He is valiant, and his friends are with him. He will not let despair claim him." "Aye," the Elven-king murmured, his gaze returning to the south. "Aye, I do not doubt that he is. I only wish I could see him, and see this Dwarf you tell me he has befriended." He shook his head. "My son befriending a Dwarf, and the offspring of one of the company of that trespassed in my realm, no less! The infamy! I wish I had sent Legolas off to Valinor years ago ere I had seen this day!" Celeborn favoured him with a tolerant smile that said he did not believe him in the least. "Be that as it may, if you wish to see Legolas, the solution is not difficult. Galadriel and I plan to visit Gondor for the wedding of Estel and Arwen. They would both be pleased and honoured if you were present, and Legolas would be overjoyed to see you. I am sure he is just as worried about you as you are about him." "Worried about me ? I did no go running to Mordor in the company of Mithrandir the Mad and a gaggle of inept mortals –" "Mithrandir the Mad?" Celeborn quavered, barely suppressing his laughter. "He permitted Legolas to entertain the notion and to follow through on it, did he not? With scores of older, more experienced warriors at his disposal he chose my only child to accompany him on this suicidal quest and then had the gall to abandon him in the depths of Moria!" "I do not believe that was his intention." Thranduil dismissed Mithrandir's intentions with an eloquent shrug. "I confess I would dearly like to travel to Minas Tirith with you, but I cannot in all conscience absent myself from my realm for so long at this time. I shall have to wait to chastise my foolish son until he decides he has gallivanted enough and returns to me. Legolas will simply have to resign himself to representing me at the wedding." Celeborn paused for a moment's thought. "It may be some time before you see Legolas," he said at last. "But I can help you relieve your feelings to an extent. I know little of the travel plans of Mithrandir the Mad, but my son-in-law – to refresh your memory, Elrond was the one who was ultimately responsible for choosing the members of the Fellowship – is escorting his daughter to Minas Tirith and they will break their journey at Lórien. Should you choose to pay a state visit to our realm, you would not have to leave yours for long." Thranduil shot his kinsman a long, speculative look. "Are all fathers-in-law like this? Lindariel's parents were never particularly concerned about my physical well-being either." "I want him alive and fit to travel at the end of it," Celeborn stipulated. "And you will not reveal my part in instigating you to my lady wife." Lothlórien, May 20, Year 3019 of the Third Age Elrond slid off his horse, allowing himself a relieved sigh before turning to help his daughter dismount. His spirit had been in turmoil for days, rejoicing at Estel's triumph, happy for Arwen's joy, dreading the impending parting and looking forward to the reunion with his beloved Celebrían. But the trees of Lórien were balm even to his troubled spirit. He nodded politely to the young Elves who came to lead them to the Lord and Lady. When he looked at his daughter again, he saw a small smile on her face. " Man sa? " Arwen, who had glanced up at the treetops just in time to glimpse a golden head being withdrawn swiftly into the branches of an oak, turned her smile on her father. "I thought I saw something, Ada . It was probably a bird." Elrond frowned, but he fell silent. For several minutes they followed their escort through the forest, and although the Lord of Imladris was vigilant, he saw no more than a single bright flash that might have been a blossom of elanor . The sight of Arwen's expectant smirk did nothing to allay his trepidation. At last they came to the great mallorn that held the talan of Celeborn and Galadriel. Elrond stared around the clearing, but saw nobody other than the wardens who customarily waited at the foot of the tree. "What worries you , Ada? " "I suspect you know better than I do," Elrond said, not missing the mirth in her tone. "And I suspect I shall find out soon enough. Shall we go pay our respects to your daeradar and daernaneth ?" "They await you, Lord Elrond," one of the wardens said. Elrond could barely repress his instinct to squirm uncomfortably once he and Arwen were seated with the Lord and Lady of the Golden Wood. Visiting Lórien, and especially visiting Celeborn in his talan , always brought back memories of the mingled disbelief, amusement and scarcely-veiled threat that had been in the Sindarin Elf's eyes on the day, so long ago, when Elrond had stood before him and stammered out a request for his daughter's hand in marriage. "No doubt you are eager to reach Minas Tirith," Celeborn said, smiling at his granddaughter. "We will leave as soon as possible. There is one duty to which you must attend first, Elrond." "Duty?" Elrond practically yelped, although he had no idea why he was so nervous. "Indeed. As you are probably aware, Thranduil and I hope that increased travel between Eryn Lasgalen and Lothlórien in these happy days will help us remain in closer contact and know more of each other than has hitherto been possible. An ambassador from Thranduil's realm is with us now. He has expressed an earnest desire for your conversation. I took the liberty of telling him you would meet him." "Of course," Elrond said, going through a mental tally of all the Elves of Thranduil's realm who had reason to be displeased with him. It was no small number, considering that most of them probably harboured grudges against him for sending their prince away into peril in the hour of their need. "I should be delighted to meet any of Thranduil's messengers, and I trust Thranduil knows that he is assured of the complete support of Imladris in the task of ridding his realm of the taint of Sauron." "You are delighted?" Galadriel asked. "I wonder if you have thought through the matter fully." "Since you are so eager, you might as well meet him now. Rúmil, please take Lord Elrond to our guest. You would be well advised to remove yourself from the vicinity once you have directed him appropriately. Elrond, our visitor will be only too pleased to see you at once. Ever since he came here Thranduil has been anticipating the arrival of... of Elrond the Imbecilic, I believe was how he put it." Amid peals of laughter from Arwen, an indulgent smile from Galadriel and a commiserating grin from Celeborn, Elrond got to his feet and commended his soul to Elbereth. "Er... Thranduil?" The clearing appeared to be deserted. Rúmil had taken Celeborn at his word and, after showing Elrond to the small gap in the trees, had departed with all haste. "Thranduil?" Elrond tried again. Then he jumped as an arrow, fletched in the colours of Mirkwood, sailed a foot above his head to land harmlessly on the ground. He took a few steps forward, as quickly as he could while still maintaining the dignity of an ancient Elf-lord, and craned his neck to see the treetops. "Thranduil, mellon nîn , can we not discuss this like civilized Elves?" "Hold still, Elrond," a voice floated down from above. "I am not nearly as good a shot as my son. I would not want anything untoward to happen to you before I have the opportunity of acquainting Lady Celebrían with what you have done." A second arrow whistled past Elrond's ear. "Don't you think you're overreacting, Thranduil?" he said desperately. "After all, the boy was not hurt. I am told he acquitted himself honourably and brought glory to our race." " Overreacting? " There was a rustle in the branches overhead, a thump, and Thranduil was standing before him, wearing only the green and brown tunic and leggings of the warriors of Greenwood. Had it not been for the bow he carried, shorter and heavier than the kind Legolas favoured, and the blazing fury in his blue eyes, Elrond might have mistaken him for his son. " I am overreacting?" Elrond noted with some alarm that Thranduil was also wearing his sword-belt, a pair of wicked-looking hunting knives dangling from it unsheathed. "Now, Thranduil, listen to me for a moment. I know Legolas is young." Thranduil flung the bow aside, unstrapped the quiver slung on his back, and pulled one of the knives from his belt. "He is young but we all know he is a skilled and deadly archer," the Lord of Imladris went on hurriedly. "I had no qualms about sending him on the quest because I am more aware than any other of his prowess in battle, and I believed that the mortals on this quest would have need of such a warrior to protect them." "To protect them?" Thranduil growled. Too late, Elrond realized his error. "You sent my son on this ludicrous, dangerous mission in order to protect a Dwarf ?" "No, no, Thranduil," Elrond said, looking around wildly for a place to hide. "You misunderstand. Estel was there to protect the Dwarf. I asked Legolas to go to protect the Hobbits, particularly the Ring-bearer. And the Gondorian. And Estel." Realizing that if it came to a game of hide-and-seek in the forest he would be no match for the King of the Woodland Realm, he tried to sidle around his companion. " Why Legolas? " Thranduil snarled. "It was his wish to go. Besides, I thought you would be pleased that he was defending the Ring-bearer, whose companion you