Author's Note: Hello! I'm back. And I've been away for freaking ever , I know. Surgery's done and was a success, but it took a while for me to get everything in order again. Anyway, here I am. *g* I know I owe you the sequel to Doubt and it is coming, but I needed to ease back in to fanfiction with something short. And silly. So for the moment there's this. I have a load of review and PM replies I owe everyone, I'll get to those as I can too. In the meanwhile, enjoy the story! Disclaimer: The professor owns Middle-earth and all its inhabitants, and Saki owns Saki. All I own is my laptop. Summary: Old friends are gathered in Minas Tirith. The children must be entertained. The She-Wolf "But I know nothing about children!" Gimli protested, looking around at what seemed to be an army of young ones, both Mannish and Halfling. "How am I to entertain them?" "I am certain you will think of something," Éomer assured him. "If you only knew how eager Elboron and Elfwine are to spend time with you," Éowyn coaxed. "Indeed they are," put in Lothíriel, smiling at him gently. "They have heard so much of your valour and your kindness –" "Your wisdom," added Faramir. "Oh, come on now, Master Gimli," said Samwise, who had been silent until then. "You wouldn't disappoint the children? Look at them. All the way from the Shire to meet a Dwarf – and not just any Dwarf, the son of Master Bilbo's good friend, who went on a quest with him. And Master Frodo's friend, they know that too." As though Sam's words had been the cue, Merry and Pippin started talking at once. "They've been so eager to hear tales of Aglarond –" "Just think, they might never see the Glittering Caves with their own eyes." "But at least they can hear you speak of them." "All the way from the Shire to Minas Tirith, Master Gimli," Sam said. "And it wasn't for the Mister Strider's – I mean, the King's – celebration, either. It was to talk to you. You wouldn't let them down, after they've been waiting so long?" "They so want to hear of everything you saw when you journeyed with Aragorn and Legolas. We don't know those stories. The battle at Helm's Deep!" said Merry. "How you passed through the mountain and brought the ghosts to save Gondor," supplied Pippin. "How you once outdid the finest archer of the Elven realms in slaughtering Orcs," added Éowyn. Gimli grunted. "It's true the axe is a good weapon." A tiny hand tugged at his jerkin, and little golden-haired Elanor looked up at him with wide blue eyes. "Please, Uncle Gimli?" Gimli groaned. "Oh, very well. Who wants to hear a story?" And that was how, two hours later, Gimli was sitting with his friends' children clustered around his knees, telling them what he had heard from his father about their quest to slay Smaug, find the Arkenstone, and reclaim Erebor. "… Then they realized," he said, "that the great bear they had seen was no bear at all. It was a Man! Beorn he was, Beorn the skin-changer." "Skin-changer," said Elfwine reverently. "Could he change into any animal?" "Only into a bear. His son rules the Beorning now, and tall men they are and strong. And they take a heavy toll from those crossing the Misty Mountains." "We didn't see any," complained Faramir Took. "You took the High Pass from Rivendell. If you go through their country you may see some of Beorn's people." "Can all Men change into animals?" demanded Frodo Gamgee. Gimli smiled at him, feeling a pang for another Frodo, now passed into the West, along with Gandalf and the Lady Galadriel. "Not all Men," he said. "Beorn was powerful among his kind." "Oh," said Frodo, clearly disappointed. Gimli leaned forward. "But I have heard tell," he said, dropping his voice to a secretive whisper, "that in the far lands beyond Rhûn and Harad, there are Men who practice powerful magic. They can turn people into animals." There was instant clamour from the children. "Have you seen them?" "What animals can they turn people into? Only bears?" "Horses!" "Wolves!" "Puppies!" "Oliphaunts!" "Wolves," said Gimli, when he could get a word in. If he was going to make up a story, he might as well make up an interesting one. "They can turn people into wolves with a spell – but not evil wolves like the abominations of the Enemy. Good wolves, gentle and playful." "Like puppies!" "A little like puppies, yes. But grown wolves." "I've never seen wolves that are like puppies." "I want to see them!" "So do I!" "Can you do it, Uncle Gimli?" "Will you show us?" "Now, now," Gimli said, when they had quietened again. "No, I have not seen it and I cannot do it. It's only a story." "You mean it's not true?" asked Elboron. "Well…" Gimli hesitated, unwilling to dash the hope in Frodo's eyes. "It might be true." "So you can do it! Show us! I know Dwarves can do magic just as well as Beornings." "I cannot –" "Please, Uncle Gimli," said Elanor. Gimli thumped himself on the head with the handle of his axe. "Tell me, did your Uncle Legolas teach you how to do that?" "You promised them what?" Éomer demanded, staring at Gimli as though he'd lost his mind. Gimli didn't blame him. "I said there was magic from the land beyond Harad that turns people into wolves, and we would look it up in the library and try it tonight." "You are serious." He turned to his sister. "Éowyn, he is serious." Éowyn shook her head. It was a clear sign of how much time she had spent among Elves that her eyes were sparkling with mirth. "I could not say no!" Gimli protested. "Have you seen wee Elanor? And what she does with her eyes? She must have learnt it from Legolas. I have seen him do that to his father, and there is nothing Thranduil will not give him when he does. You should not have let them spend so much time with the Elves." "But what are we to do?" Sam asked. "We cannot – wait." He turned to Merry and Pippin. "You two. You were always in mischief. What can we do?" "Mischief!" Pippin protested. "This is not mischief! If you want me to show them how to help themselves to apples when the cooks are looking in the other direction –" "Or get carrots from the field behind the farmer's back," Merry added. "Aye, that. But turning Hobbits – or Dwarves or Men – into wolves? I know nothing about that. That's unnatural." "Do you want to be the one to tell the children that?" Lothíriel asked. "I think Gimli should be the one to tell them," Pippin said promptly. "This is all his doing, after all." "Quite right," agreed Éowyn. "You can tell them, Gimli." "I – but I –" Gimli looked around the hall desperately, hoping a solution would present itself. As so often happens, a solution did. "There!" he said, pointing. Everybody turned as one, to where Legolas, Elladan and Elrohir sat in armchairs by the fire, bent over a book in Legolas' lap – and, by the look of it, debating its accuracy. A history book, probably; Gimli would never forget the expression on the chief clerk's face when Elladan, glancing at an old record book, had exclaimed, "But Turambar never learnt any swordsmanship in Imladris. I would have remembered the presence of a King of Gondor!" "The Elves?" asked Merry's wife, Estella, looking a little apprehensive. "Not even Elves can turn people into wolves," Éowyn said firmly. "No, but… they might be able to produce some other Elven… thing… to amuse the children." "You want to ask Legolas if he knows Elven magic?" Faramir asked, looking at him askance. "The lecture will not end today." "Did you hear me say 'Elven magic'? I have learnt my lesson about that. No, we can just… explain the situation, and see if the Elves have any ideas." "I will never understand," said Elladan, "what mortals mean when they say 'magic'." Merry and Gimli both glared at Pippin, who had hurried to the trio of Elves with stories of how Gimli had promised the children strange magic from the far lands. "They say it of all sorts of things," agreed Elrohir. "Those ridiculous deceptions that conjurors perform –" "Sleight of hand," Faramir supplied, though Gimli had no idea why he bothered. "All sorts of deceptions. The deceptions of the Enemy –" "I think," Elladan said thoughtfully, "that mortals simply do not like to call deception by its true name." "It is not only deception," said Legolas. "Thank you," Lothíriel told him. "One of the Rangers once asked me if it was magic when a tree warned me that there were Mannish highwaymen nearby. But that was simple courtesy. Would you not warn one of your friends if there were highwaymen on the road he intended to take?" "Legolas," Éomer intervened hastily, before the Elf could get well started. "Can you help us?" "What, exactly, did you tell the children?" "I told them nothing. Gimli told them he could produce a spell to turn a person into a wolf." Legolas stared at him for a moment, then laughed and shook his head. "Turning people into wolves? Do you want carnage in Minas Tirith?" "Not that sort of wolf," Gimli specified. "A tame, playful, friendly wolf. Like a puppy." "So… You told the children not only that you knew how to turn a person into a wolf, but that you could guarantee the good temper of the wolf?" "You can do that thing where you put out fires and light them." "Put – put out fires?" "Bonfires. I have seen you do it." "Putting out a bonfire is nothing like turning a person into a wolf! A good-tempered wolf like a puppy . Putting out a bonfire is easy. You only need to persuade the wind to blow a little and snuff it out." "I have full faith in your ingenuity." "Actually… so do I," Elrohir said suddenly, earning himself a glare from his friend. "You were the most infuriatingly inventive Elfling, Legolas, and you certainly caused me enough sleepless nights with it." "He has a point," commented Elladan. "It would be a shame to disappoint the children." "And this sort of magic must be a Silvan art. If anyone at all can do this thing, surely it is the legendary Elven-prince of the Woodland Realm." Legolas scowled at both of them. But a moment later, his brow cleared, and he shot out a couple of sentences of Sindarin too rapid for even Faramir to understand. Elrohir's eyes gleamed, but Elladan looked a little doubtful. "It might be dangerous." "I will answer for the temper of the wolf," laughed Legolas. "You will – you can do this?" Lothíriel asked in astonishment. "We will need a map," Legolas said. "And a volunteer," Elladan added. "A volunteer?" "Elves do not turn into wolves," he said firmly. "I will do it," Éowyn offered, looking amused. "If you will promise that you can turn me back into a woman and that I will not eat anybody." "Éowyn!" Faramir protested. "You do not know – it might not be safe!" "Do you doubt Legolas?" "I – no, no, of course not. But – Legolas!" Faramir turned to him. "Are you certain…" Legolas laughed. "I promise you, Lady Éowyn, you will be yourself when it is done, and no harm will come to anybody. This is an art which mortals consider magic, but which my people have practised for many centuries." Legolas was not at Afternoon Tea, a meal provided exclusively for the Hobbits and those (such as sensible Dwarves) who never said no to good