Summary: One-shot. An Elf learns something very important about the race of Men, and in doing so finds another reason to fight the Shadow. Characters: Legolas and Aragorn, with brief appearances by Elladan, Elrohir and Arwen. Rating: PG Disclaimer: If I owned Middle-earth, would I be writing fanfiction? Many thanks to my wonderful beta, Calenlass, for advice, suggestions, patience with questions, and a very quick job on this fic. A Reason to Fight Imladris, Year 3018 of the Third Age " Daro! " a voice called as a golden-haired Elf rode up to the gates of Imladris. "Declare yourself!" The Elf sighed regretfully. He could remember a time when passage between the realms had been free, and anyone wearing the green and brown of the Mirkwood warriors would have been welcomed without question. He lowered his hood and replied, "Legolas Thranduilion. I come on behalf of King Thranduil of Mirkwood." "You are welcome in Imladris, Prince Legolas," the voice said, now sounding far warmer, as the gates swung open. Mirkwood, Some Months Previously Legolas was woken by the sound of somebody banging on his door. He groaned as his eyes focused. He could still see the stars through his window, which meant that he had barely slept for two hours since he had returned from his prolonged patrol the previous night. " Gwanno ereb nin! " he shouted. "It is important!" "Wake my father!" The door opened. Legolas buried his head under one of his pillows, hoping that whoever it was would give up and go away. Instead, he felt the mattress shift as somebody substantially heavier than an Elf sat on the edge of the bed. Legolas could think of only one human who could talk the guards into letting him invade the prince's bedroom without an invitation. "Estel?" he mumbled, pulling the pillow off his head. "Didn't Lord Elrond teach you that it's bad manners for the future King of Men to wake humble warriors in dire need of rest?" "I must say, I expected a more enthusiastic welcome than that," the human teased. "Didn't your father teach you that it's bad manners for the Prince of Greenwood to turn away unfortunate mortals who come to beg his aid?" Legolas sighed and sat up. "What is it?" Estel grinned. "That's my good little Elfling." "Don't push your luck, human," Legolas growled. "You have been fortunate enough to escape the disaster you so foolishly courted –" " I courted disaster? I can't think of anything I have done to tempt fate, unless you count enduring the company of the most idiotic young ellon to have passed his archery trials –" "For someone with no experience at courting disaster, you're doing it brilliantly at the moment." Estel chuckled. "But I do have a favour to ask of you." "What?" Estel became serious. "The creature Gollum – you must guard him closely. It is very important, mellon n în . Do it yourself if you can be spared from your other duties." "Gollum?" Legolas shook his head as though to clear it. "Why?" "It's because – I suppose I'd better begin at the beginning. Ada thinks the time has come, and a few weeks ago Mithrandir –" "Slow down, Estel," Legolas said. "Lord Elrond thinks the time has come for what ?" "For me to claim my birthright." Estel tried to speak casually but he could not keep his voice from trembling with excitement. Legolas, looking equally excited, bent forward and seized his shoulders. "Estel! Truly?" The man gave up his attempt to look serious and grinned broadly. "Yes, truly, gwador nî n . He thinks it is time." His grin turned to one of amusement. "About time too, I should think. Last year that maiden in the village thought I was your older brother. Soon they will be thinking I am your grandfather!" "Estel!" Legolas protested, his eyes darkening, as they always did at the thought of his best friend's mortality. Estel's smile softened. "Peace, Elfling. I will speak no more of that now." Legolas shook his head. "Has he told you when?" "He will not be specific... But he said he is sure it will be soon." Legolas laughed, infected by his friend's glee. " Ada will be pleased. He always says it has become impossible to negotiate with Gondor lately because the Stewards have been – I nearly forgot! Estel, I know that as the Chieftain of the Dúnedain you hardly have time for our frivolous pursuits –" Legolas ducked the playful blow his friend aimed at his head. "But do you remember that small cave we discovered a few years ago?" "The one your father forbade us to go to ever again because Arbellason said it would collapse any day?" "That's the one. I happened to be riding in that general direction a few days ago – with absolutely no intention of going anywhere near the cave –" "Why do I think your adar won't like this?" It was not until much later, when Estel had ridden off in the direction of the Misty Mountains and he was being lectured by Thranduil and Arbellason, that Legolas realized that in all the confusion his friend had forgotten to tell him why it was so important to guard Gollum closely. Imladris, Year 3018 of the Third Age "You're late." Legolas turned from emptying his saddlebags and bowed playfully. "My Lady Undómiel. Forgive me if my tardiness has offended you." The slender elleth standing in the doorway laughed as she came into the room and gave Legolas a brief hug. "We had almost given up hope that you would come. Elladan thought your father must have locked you in the dungeon to keep you from coming to Imladris and getting into trouble." "I think he was glad to get rid of me. He seems to think your father can keep me out of trouble for a few weeks." "Does Ada know this?" Arwen asked in disbelief. Legolas shrugged. "Do you know what he wanted? Ada said his letter was not very specific; he just said he was holding an important council and needed representatives of all the Elven realms." "Do you remember what Ada told Estel that year when Elrohir stole Mithrandir's staff?" Imladris, Year 3001 of the Third Age "A quest," Elladan repeated. "What kind of quest?" "He did not tell me," Estel said, leaning back against the tree trunk and shutting his eyes. "He only said it would be very dangerous but very important for the future of Middle-earth." "You could have been more persistent in asking," came Legolas' voice from somewhere above their heads. "And you can get out of that tree, tithen pen ," Estel called back. "And join in our conversation face-to-face like a civilized Elf." "I can hear you perfectly well from here. You make as much noise as an orc." Estel turned to his brothers. "Can you make the tree drop him?" "We have tried and failed," Elrohir said regretfully. "The trees seem to like him, for some reason." He glanced around. "I don't suppose whichever of you is bearing the Elfling's weight would consider letting him fall?" The only answer he got was an acorn dropping squarely on his head, and the sound of laughter from above. "You will have to come down eventually, tithen Legolas," Elrohir shouted. "And when you do, vengeance will be waiting." There was a rustle and a soft thud, and Legolas was standing in front of Elrohir with his knives drawn. "Vengeance, Elrondion?" Before Elrohir could unsheathe his sword and start a sparring match, Estel seized Legolas' cloak and tugged the Elf down to the ground. "Don't you want to hear the rest of the story, gwador nîn ?" "I thought there was no rest of the story because you failed to get further details out of Lord Elrond." A few minutes later, Elladan and Elrohir went back to the house to prepare for a delegation that was expected from Mithlond. Estel looked up at the sky through the canopy of leaves overhead and sighed in contentment. Legolas laughed. "So after all your doubts, when it comes to it you are no longer afraid." Estel shook his head. "I am afraid – I would be a fool if I were not. But I think I am ready... Ada did not say it would be tomorrow! I will have to face it, whenever it comes." Legolas smiled. "Not alone, gwador nîn . I will come with you." Estel glanced at his best friend and shook his head. "No." Legolas rolled his eyes. "Estel, we have been through this. I am not doing it because you are the hope of men or because –" "I know, Elfling," Estel cut in, turning to look the archer full in the face. "I know your love for me and I know you would come for the sake of that love alone. But this has nothing to do with the Eldar; you have no cause to undertake any quest." "You doubt my loyalty?" Legolas asked with a slight frown. "Not that, Legolas," Estel said earnestly. "Never that. I do not doubt that if once you decide to accompany me you will do everything in your power to see this quest fulfilled. But I do not know what exactly the quest is – I do not know what harm it might bring to you. You are one of the Firstborn. When your time in Middle-earth is done, you must cross the Sea to Valinor... Not risk your life here for a battle that has nothing to do with you." Legolas' eyes hardened. "You do not wish my company." "Legolas, no ." Estel seized the Elf by the shoulders. Would I have begged you not to sail until my passing if I did not wish your company? But I do not want you to die for my sake – yes, it will be for my sake." Estel shook Legolas lightly. "Do you even know any other humans well enough to care what happens to them? Please, Elfling. I have no right to command you, but I ask you not to come if your only cause is love for me." "As you wish," Legolas said coolly, pushing Estel's hands off him and getting to his feet. "Legolas!" Estel scrambled to his feet. "I didn't mean –" " What? " the Elf demanded, his blue eyes snapping with rage. Estel sighed and held out his hands. "Truce?" Legolas frowned. "Please, Elfling, I'm mortal and if you waste time being angry with me then –" Legolas sighed. "All right !" Somewhere between Mirkwood and the Misty Mountains, Year 3018 of the Third Age Legolas was not seriously injured. That is, there was no way he was going to die . But the arrow-wounds in his arm and shoulder were painful. He heeled his mare to a trot, hoping to come to a village soon. Normally Legolas would not have gone anywhere near a human habitation, but he needed rest and someone to bandage his wounds. He was dimly aware that the world was spinning around him. The bright eyes of owls and bats, the glimmer of the stars, dappled pools of moonlight, all going round and round. And fading into darkness. The last thing Legolas saw before he lost consciousness was the first pink light of dawn. A Village of Men, A Few Hours Later "I think he's awake, father." Legolas frowned. There was something distinctly unusual about the words. "Is he, now? Why don't you see to what he needs? I'll be along in a moment." "Are you awake?" Common speech. That was what was unusual. It was the common speech. Legolas opened his eyes. "You are awake!" He blinked. A face swam into view. He blinked again, and he could see that it was the face of a young human girl. A girl with very blue eyes and very straight dark hair. "Do you feel better?"