Disclaimer: Everything belongs to the Professor. Author's Note: So once upon a time, in some story or other (I rather think it was The Weapons Master ), I mentioned "Legolas' forsaken Sindarin game". This is that. Also… This is really, really not supposed to make a lot of sense. Many thanks to Melethril for prodding and poking and not giving up until I wrote this. ;-) Summary: While their elders are in Council, the younger Elves must find a way to expend their excess energy and train at the same time. Because training is always important. Rules of Engagement Rule Number One: Esgalorne is not a game. Esgalorne is a training exercise. "I cannot believe you persuaded my father to agree to this," Elladan complained. "I said I wanted to go riding – riding – and he lectured me for thirty-five minutes about the importance of maintaining propriety during a Council involving the leaders of all the remaining Elven realms of Middle-earth. And he gave you permission to play your forsaken Sindarin game –" "Esgalorne is not a game !" Legolas said, outraged. "That may be how you justify it to yourself," Elladan said dryly. "But I doubt even you would have dared make that argument to my father, Legolas." "Why does it seem so incredible to you that Master Elrond should have given me permission to practice Esgalorne?" "We are speaking of the Master Elrond who is my father?" "I did not know there was another. We are speaking of your father, Lord Elrond, Master of Imladris. Whom else would I ask for permission?" "My father ?" Legolas turned to Elrohir. "Is he ill?" "I suppose he could be." Elrohir frowned at his twin, his thoughtful expression doing little to hide the mirth in his eyes. "There are Rangers in Imladris. He might have contracted a Mortal illness. Although I can think of no Mortal illness that would cause this reaction. Indeed, it is –" "I am not ill!" Elladan burst. "Indeed, gwador nîn ," Legolas said brightly. "You gladden my heart. I would be grieved if you were ill. But then why –" " My father?" "Again?" Legolas asked. "Perhaps it comes and goes," Elrohir suggested. "Do you feel faint, Elladan? You should lie down. You might have over-exerted yourself." "I have not over-exerted myself," Elladan growled. "I am not ill. And the first Elf to ask whether I am suffering from a concussion will have an answer from my sword!" His glare included not only Legolas and Elrohir, but Legolas' friends Saeldur and Rochendilwen who, to do them justice, had not spoken a word since Legolas had emerged from Lord Elrond's study with a broad smile. "I am only astonished," Elladan went on, "that he agreed to let you play that miserable game –" "It is a training exercise !" "To play that miserable game disguised as a training exercise. How? " "Need you ask?" Elrohir patted Legolas' shoulder. "Can you not imagine the scene? Elrond Eärendilion, stern and noble Elf-lord, drawing himself up in silent horror at the idea of the Council of the Elven Realms being sullied by something as frivolous as a training exercise. And then the Elfling with his eyes wide, pouting – yes, just like he is doing now. The stern and noble Elf-lord never had a chance!" "It was a reasonable request," Legolas pointed out. "They have already told us our presence is not required after lunch." "I doubt this was what he had in mind when he told us to use the afternoon to rest." Elladan shook his head, and then brightened. "On the other hand, if my father has given his leave, then all unforeseen consequences are his responsibility." Rule Number Two: Esgalorne is played by at least two, and up to six, teams. "I claim Legolas!" Elladan frowned at his sister, but before he could object, Elrohir said, "So you are going to join us? I thought you were not interested in our vile pursuits." "I said that last month when you asked me if I wanted to go riding with you. The trees will behave themselves with Legolas there, and I do not want to miss the opportunity of seeing you fall out of one." "I am flattered that you think so highly of my abilities, Arwen." Arwen smiled sweetly. "Why do you think I claimed Legolas?" "I believe Rochendilwen and I should feel slighted," Saeldur commented with a laugh. "But under the circumstances, I do not blame you in the least, Lady Undómiel. Trees always favour the Elfling. They are abominably biased." "How many teams are we having?" Elrohir asked. "Three," Elladan responded. "We might have had four if Aeroniel were here. Since Legolas, Saeldur and Rochendilwen are the only ones present with experience of Esgalorne, we will have three. And I claim Rochendilwen." Saeldur looked affronted. "I mean no offense," Elladan said calmly. "It is only that I have heard how, the last time you played Esgalorne in the Woodland Realm, you and Legolas took particular pleasure in setting traps for each other. I want no part of that, especially not on the side against Legolas." "Leave him be," Elrohir intervened. "You and I, Saeldur, will be the first to best the Elfling in his own trees." "If you do manage that, it will be the first time," his twin commented darkly. "In any case," Legolas said, "we must have more players. A team of two can play Esgalorne, but it is far more interesting when there are more." A throat cleared, reminding the young Elves that they were having their discussion in the antechamber outside Lord Elrond's study, and it might be distracting to others who were waiting to meet him. Elladan turned, apology ready on his lips, but he paused when he saw the pleading expression of the young Dúnadan. "May we join you?" he begged. "We are here to attend on our lord, but we are not needed today. We had hoped to go riding, but…" He trailed off hopefully. Elladan hesitated. "I do not know if that is wise, Glavrol. Esgalorne can be dangerous. I have seen that in the past." "Prince Legolas said it was a training exercise. And we could learn so much if we trained with Elven warriors. Please, Lord Elladan." Elladan bit his lip and came to a decision. "If my father and your weapons master will both give you their leave, we would welcome your company." Rule Number Three: Each team is entrusted with a "treasure". The objective of the game is to claim possession of all treasures that are in play. A treasure remains in play as long as the team entrusted with it has not been disqualified. Thorontur, Archery Master of Eryn Galen, shook his head as he wrapped strips of coloured wool around the hilts of three simple Mannish daggers. "I still cannot believe Elrond consented to this," he commented to Glorfindel, who was watching. "Though I am not surprised that he banned Arwen from playing." "It is not suitable for anyone who was not raised to be a warrior," Glorfindel agreed. "I notice that Thranduil did not object either. And I foresee no problems. Thranduil and Elrond will be in Council. The children will be in the forest. It cannot possibly disturb anyone." "At any rate, Elrond will have only himself to blame for any unforeseen consequences." "Do you expect any?" "There are always unforeseen consequences to Esgalorne," Thorontur said darkly. "That is what makes it valuable as a training exercise." He finished trying off the last strip of wool and laid the three daggers on the table. "Take them." Legolas, Saeldur and Rochendilwen stepped forward, each picking up one of the daggers and exchanging smiles as they moved back. "Good," said Thorontur. "From this moment until the end of the exercise, none of you will be held to your oaths of obedience to your commanding officers. Now go." Rule Number Four: Immediately after the game has begun, participants have fifteen minutes to climb into the trees. After that, a participant's feet may not touch the ground for more than thirty seconds. The six Elves and nine Men stood in a circle around Thorontur. Arwen's place had happily been filled by Glorfindel. Elladan and Elrohir had protested strenuously – neither of them wanted to be on the opposite side of a training exercise from the Balrog-slayer. Saeldur, however, had shrugged and commented that the ability to slay creatures of Morgoth was irrelevant to Esgalorne, and that if they lost it would not be because of Glorfindel but because Legolas' persuasiveness could turn the most honourable of trees into a perfidious liar. There the matter had rested. "As soon as the signal is given," Legolas murmured softly, "you and your Men, Glavrol, turn east and make for the trees. We only have fifteen minutes, and it will take you that long to run to the forest and make yourselves secure in the branches." "And what do you want me to do?" Glorfindel whispered. Legolas smiled. "Come with me, my lord, if you will. We have to make our treasure safe, after all." "You will not keep it on your person?" "There is no rule that says I must." "I was under the impression that Esgalorne had no rules." "That is not so, Lord Glorfindel. There are rules." Legolas' smile broadened. "And the most important rule is to trust nobody." Legolas' fingers went to the dagger tucked into his belt. He slid it out and slipped it into his tunic. A few feet away, Saeldur frowned at the movement. Legolas met his eyes with a guileless smile that did not deceive his friend in the least. "You," Saeldur murmured to Elrohir, "track Legolas. You have experience tracking in the woods around Imladris. Track Legolas and note everywhere he goes and everything he does. And above all, do not believe a word the trees tell you about Legolas' location. In fact, do not believe a word the trees tell you at all. Unless the evidence of your own eyes tells you otherwise – and not always then – assume that the trees are lying." Elrohir snorted inelegantly. "I would like to see the trees try to conceal information from me. I will not be bested in my own home by the Elfling whom I taught to read." "That is precisely the attitude that will result in a defeat. And make no mistake, Elrondion: we will lose unless we can convince the trees to drop Legolas." "That is your commanding officer," Elrohir pointed out. "And one of my closest friends." Saeldur simply raised an eyebrow, and Elrohir laughed. "Well, you have been relieved of your oath of obedience. Now I see why. We can certainly try, but I doubt we will ever persuade the trees to betray their beloved Elfling." Across the clearing, Elladan's eyes flickered from his twin to Legolas and Glorfindel. "Legolas is pleased. Is that the All-the-Trees-of-Middle-Earth-Have-Already-Promised-Me-Their-Aid smile?" he whispered to Rochendilwen. She stifled a laugh. "That is one way of describing it. What possessed me to agree to this I do not know." "What possessed my father to agree to this I do not know. Do we have a plan?" "Stay out of the way," Rochendilwen said. "You were correct in your assumption that Saeldur and Legolas will go after each other. They always do; it is practically a game to them." "I thought Esgalorne was a –" "Esgalorne is a training exercise ." Before Elladan could respond to that, Thorontur clapped his hands for silence. "You have fifteen minutes from… Now ." Rule Number Five: Opposing players may be captured by forcing them to the ground for more than thirty seconds. A captured player must yield all treasures in his or her possession to the capturing team. This is the only occasion on which a player is not permitted to lie to, misdirect or otherwise deceive the opposing team. The captured