Summary: A character study of Legolas, and a little of Galadriel, through the prism of Elven memories and how they deal with them. Rating: PG Disclaimer: Not one Elf. Or, alas, Dwarf or Man or Hobbit or Wizard. Author's Note: This placed third in December's Teitho, with the theme Memories . Like Sunlight on the Grass Lothlórien, TA 3019 January "Thranduil's son," murmured the Lady of Lothlórien, gaze rising through the mallorn boughs to the cloudless blue sky. "It is not the decision I would have taken." "Perhaps not," said her husband, "for ever has there been mistrust between you and Thranduil." Galadriel's eyes turned on him. Another Elf would have quivered beneath that too-knowing gaze, but Celeborn was accustomed to it. "You think, then, that I am wrong to mistrust him?" Celeborn shook his head. "You have always seen further and clearer than I, my love. I would not presume to tell you where to place your trust. Yet Thranduil is my kinsman, and I have some knowledge of his heart. It is true that he can be proud." "As I have been in the past." Galadriel gave a rueful laugh. "You do well to remind me of that." "You and Thranduil have not met in all this Age. His losses on the Dagorlad were heavy. Such grief leaves a mark upon the soul. He may not be the Elf you remember. And even if he is, Legolas is not his father." "Legolas is a child," said Galadriel. "A child who has seen battle, perhaps, but a child still. He is untested against the power of the One. Elves far stronger than he have been deceived by Sauron. And Legolas has long dwelt in the shadow of Dol Guldur." She looked down at Nenya on her finger. "If only one Elf was to accompany the Ring-bearer on this quest…" "Legolas is reputed to be an unparalleled archer – even as skilled as Beleg Cúthalion." "The Enemy is not to be defeated by the bow." "No, he is not. You would have chosen Glorfindel, perhaps, or one of the sons of Elrond." "That might have been the wiser choice." "Do not forget, Elrond knows Legolas well. So does Mithrandir. They would not have chosen rashly." "Mithrandir is fond of the child," Galadriel acknowledged. "All the same, it worries me… Still, it is done, and there is little to be gained by dwelling on it. Perhaps Legolas will prove me wrong. I hope he does, and gladly will I then atone for having wronged him in thought." Imladris, TA 3018 December "Long are the memories of the Elves," murmured Elrond. "You do not know what you ask of me, Legolas." "I only ask that you trust me, my lord." Elrond laughed. "Trust you? I do trust you, perhaps more than you realize." "Have you heard, Legolas," said Mithrandir, "that there is a very real possibility that Glóin's son will be the Fellowship's Dwarven representative? You will not find it pleasant going." "I concede I do not have good memories of the Dwarves' visit to my father's halls – particularly now that I know that the power of the One aided their escape. But I also remember that much trouble could have been avoided if they had spoken honestly of their purpose. I doubt I will ever like any Dwarf, but I can travel with one without coming to blows." "Even if Gimli baits you? And he will bait you, Legolas. He resents his father's imprisonment. If I know him at all, he will take every opportunity to remind you of it." "He is not the first to attempt to bait me. He will not be the last." "All true," Elrond said, cutting off further conversation on the subject. "But this is not what worries me. I have been in the presence of the Ring before. Its evil can cast a shadow on the brightest of souls." He paused. "Have you never wondered, Legolas, why my sons, who were brought up in our valley of light and beauty, shunned it and turned to their quest of blood and vengeance after Celebrían's capture by Orcs?" Legolas' eyes widened. "Sméagol fled into the Hithaeglir with the Ring a few years before Lady Celebrían was taken." "He did. I doubt Elladan and Elrohir ever came into contact with him, or they would have told me of it. But I cannot help wondering, now that I know what happened, whether the nearness of the Ring was what put iron in their souls and despair in Celebrían's. The Elves have borne few children in the Third Age, Legolas. Arwen has already chosen her doom. I would not send you to yours. If the joy of your soul were quenched by the Ring's evil, I would not deserve your father's forgiveness." "I do not for a moment suggest that I am stronger in spirit than Lady Celebrían, or Elladan and Elrohir, or, indeed, any who have been tempted by the power of the one. In my heart I do fear that I will be tried and proved wanting. But I would not turn from the attempt." He paused. "And I would do everything I can to atone for my error of judgement." "Perhaps it was an error of judgement to let Gollum climb that tree," said Mithrandir. "If so, it is one for which I am grateful. It was mercy that stayed Bilbo's hand when he could have killed Gollum, and mercy you showed him when you gave him leave to see the light of the sun. Mercy does not belong to Sauron, or to his Ring. I have learnt never to regret what is wrought by Nienna's grace. Why did you do it?" "I cannot say, my lord. He seemed wretched. Even an Orc would not deserve to be shut away in the darkness, far from the sight of all that is fair in the world. I have known grief, but for all that my life has been happy. How could I not pity him?" "I am no Elven-lord, Thranduilion." Mithrandir held Legolas' gaze. "For my part, I will say that there is no Elf whose company I would more gladly have than yours. If your life has been happy, it has been because you have not let your griefs embitter your soul." He smiled. "It is, of course, an advantage that you can put an arrow through a silver penny from the back of a galloping horse a league away." Lothlórien, TA 3019 January "Darkness has come upon the Fellowship." Galadriel shivered and pushed away her loom. "I can sense the stirring of an ancient evil. Have you had word of them?" "Mithrandir would be too cautious to send word. Their best hope is in secrecy." Celeborn took her by the hand. "They left Imladris some weeks ago. They must have reached the mountain passes by now. Perhaps, as we speak, they are crossing them." "Danger lurks in the mountains. They will be in the open, where before they were sheltered from the sight of Isengard or Barad-dûr." Galadriel paused. "Or Dol Guldur." "You are still worried about Legolas." "I trust Mithrandir. I trust Aragorn, as he now calls himself; he is a Man, but he will be vigilant against the weakness of Isildur. If the Man of Gondor should prove false, either Aragorn or Mithrandir will be his match. The Halflings may be drawn to the Ring, but they cannot use it for more than conjuring tricks. It will not corrupt those who have not worn it." "That leaves an Elf and a Dwarf. You worry about the Elf?" Despite herself, Galadriel smiled. "I see I am not the only one affected by ancient prejudices. What has the Dwarf done that you should doubt him?" "Dwarves have a fondness for trinkets. For a trinket they treacherously slew Thingol and sacked Doriath." "That trinket bore a Silmaril. Ever have the jewels of Fëanor brought grief to our people." "The Silmarilli had only beauty to recommend them – beauty that pales before the glorious crown of Alatáriel. The Ring has power to tempt the stoutest of hearts." "If they should chance to pass this way," murmured Galadriel, "we will see them – and we may then judge for ourselves." "Do you think it likely that they will?" Celeborn looked very grave. "I find it in my heart to hope their path leads them far from our borders. That which they carry is evil. I would not have it in Lothlórien." "Do you doubt me, then?" "Doubt you? No. If the test should come, you will be equal to it. But the corruption of the One may prove stronger than the power of Nenya, and undo much that we have wrought." "If that must be, there is no cause for regret. Long have I laboured to create in Middle-earth an echo of the beauty of the Undying Lands. But this has never been more than an echo. The Age of Elves is ending. We must soon cross the Sundering Sea, and leave the forests of Middle-earth to the care of those who come after. As the Girdle of Melian faded, so too must the grace of Galadriel. It is time." Imladris, TA 3018 December "You are frightened. And disturbed that you are frightened." Legolas was aware that Mortals tended not to speak their minds so openly, but the words had escaped without thought when he saw the expression on Pippin's face as he tried, very clumsily, to sharpen his blade on a whetstone. "Master Elrond's armourers can help you with that." "Boromir said I must learn." Pippin put the whetstone down and looked up into Legolas' eyes. "I don't want to seem a coward. You're not scared. Nor is Aragorn, nor Boromir." "I do not know whether to be glad I can reassure you or sorry to disappoint you." Legolas took the dagger and whetstone from Pippin and showed him how to angle the blade. "I cannot answer for Boromir, but Aragorn is worried, and I certainly am." He lowered his voice. "Would you hear a secret? Mithrandir is worried as well." "Gandalf?" "It is a dangerous weapon Frodo carries. Only a fool would not be frightened. There is no shame in not being a fool." "But how am I to help if I am frightened?" Pippin took the whetstone back and began working on the blade. "What was it like the first time you fought in a battle?" "I was far older than you, Master Pippin, and I had had many years of training. All the same, I was terrified. I was afraid I would not be able to face the moment when it came, that I would disgrace my training masters and my parents. In my panic I even thought I might be slain at once and go to the Halls of Námo to find that my grandsire was deeply disappointed in me." Legolas laughed. "Yet here I am, and I do not think I have disgraced my house." "How can you joke about it? It must have been dreadful." "It was, and I could not joke about it at the time. Now, with the advantage of centuries of hindsight, I can look back at the trembling child I was then. I cannot tell you where you will find your courage, Master Pippin, for nobody can do that. I can only promise you that those who are true of heart will always find their courage when the hour is upon them." "Elves, maybe. I'm a Hobbit from the Shire. I want to go – I do want to go for Frodo's sake. But Hobbits don't deal in hardship and battle. If you want someone to sit by the fireside and smoke, or take you to the Green Dragon for the best brew in all the Shire, or show you where mushrooms grow by Farmer Maggot's fields… But what good are those skills?" "From what Mithrandir has