Summary: One-shot. A young Legolas gets himself in trouble on the way to Rivendell... Fortunately, a certain Balrog-slayer just happens to be passing by. Characters: Mainly Legolas and Glorfindel, with brief appearances by Elrond and his family. This story was written as a (slightly delayed) Christmas present for Nina... Thanks for the idea and the inspiration, mellon n în ! Many thanks to my wonderful beta, Calenlass, for advice, suggestions, and patience with questions. Update: For those interested, I strongly recommend Nina/PeppyPower's delightful fic "Dear Elfling", written as a gap-filler to this. *grin* Rating: PG Disclaimer: Alas, no... I am not Professor Tolkien and I do not own any of the Elves. Elves in the Wood Excerpt from Letter from Glorfindel to Círdan ... And I told Elrond it would never work, but has he ever listened to me? Elladan and Elrohir are leaving for Eryn Galen with Legolas. I confess I will be happy to have all three of them away. Such chaos as there has been in Imladris these past weeks! Those three seem to bring out the worst in each other. That reminds me... I must tell you about my interesting experience with young Thranduilion. How he manages to find trouble so consistently and unremittingly I simply cannot imagine. He was bad enough when he was an Elfling, but now that he has begun his warrior training he seems to have made it a personal mission to get himself injured in every way possible. Thranduil will be lucky if he still has his heir in a century! Who would have imagined that Lindariel's child would be so badly hurt by... " Elves. " The man spat the word as though it were a curse. Legolas shifted, trying to get into a position that took the pressure off his broken ribs. His right arm throbbed painfully where it had been sliced by the man's sword, and he could feel the arrow in his left shoulder grating against the bone. The man watched him struggle for a moment, his face impassive. Then he broke into a grin, beckoning to someone Legolas could not see. The young Elf heard footsteps behind him. He was untied and hauled unceremoniously to his feet. "Tell me again, Elf," the man said harshly. "And this time see if you can keep to the tongue of Men instead of using the foul language of your race." Legolas just managed not to groan. He was tired and his head ached and he had been finding it hard enough to keep his conversation coherent in Sindarin. When the men had taken exception to his use of the Grey tongue and demanded that he answer in common speech the situation had become disastrous. "I am an Elf of Greenwood," he said, groping for the words in the unfamiliar language. "We have no quarrel with you or with any other Men –" He broke off, just biting back a gasp as someone hit him from behind. "No quarrel with Men?" the man said mockingly. "You and your kind have been responsible for most of the woes that plague Middle-earth. Do you think we're stupid, Elf? I have travelled to the East and I have seen how content Men can be when there are none of you interfering with their lives. I have heard all about the great battle fought in the shadow lands to the south in the days of our fathers, and how it was the doing of the Elves, precipitated by their arrogance." Legolas opened his mouth, fully intending to give the man a more objective perspective on history, but another hard blow to the chest prevented him from speaking. "Do you have a name?" Legolas said nothing. He was not sure whether his name would be familiar to these people, but if it was, revealing it to them could well lead to the destruction of all he held dear. If they used him against his parents... He grunted as a fist connected with his ribs, but did not answer. "How many centuries do you count, Elf?" the man demanded. "One... A little more than one." "Did you hear that?" his interrogator said loudly, turning around so that the men milling around the clearing could hear him. "We have ourselves a baby Elf. I've never seen one this young before." He turned to Legolas. "Tell me, does one as young as you know anything of death?" "Of course I have heard of death," Legolas snapped, bristling and nearly rolling his eyes. As though every second sentence addressed to him by his parents or his weapons masters did not specify a dire fate as the ultimate consequence of too much curiosity! "You may have heard of it, but do you know it, Elf?" Legolas felt cold steel at his throat. "Do you know what it is like to die? I have heard that it can be terrible." "I am a warrior," Legolas said with all the confidence he could muster. "I do not fear death." "An Elven warrior who let himself get caught? I think not. I imagine you are still considered a child by your kin. How unfortunate that you will never have the chance to grow up." Excerpt from Letter from Glorfindel to Círdan And I don't mind telling you that I was not pleased. It was bad enough that I had to spend so much time on the journey, riding south around the Hithaeglir because Elrond thought it would be unwise for me to antagonize the marauders we've been hearing of in the High Pass. Not that Elrond's noble restraint lasted long. When he saw the state Legolas was in by the time we got him to Imladris – But that comes later. First I must tell you how I found him. There I was, then, returning from Lórien by the southern road, when all at once I found myself being accosted by trees. This, as you know, is not something that happens to me often. I like trees well enough, but I am consumed by no Sindarin desire to make them my close confidantes. I couldn't get a single sensible sentence out of the trees, but they all seemed to be urging me to ride in a north-easterly direction... Legolas suppressed a shiver. The man's sword held his gaze hypnotically as it rose. Ada and Nana would be heartbroken. He hoped they would at least find out what had happened to him so that they would not hold to false hope that he would return. Maybe the trees would carry word to them. The young Elf-prince's eyes went to the leafy canopy overhead. He sensed the oaks' intent a moment before he saw the flash of brown and managed to wrench himself free of the men holding him and dive away just as several heavy branches fell straight at the men. The blows were only glancing, but they startled the men enough to keep them from grabbing Legolas again at once. Legolas scrambled away from them. He had barely moved a foot when he felt a low-hanging branch digging into his back. He had no idea how the tree had managed to lower a branch that much, but he got himself onto it at once, forcing down the pain of his injuries to climb out of the men's reach. When he was high enough, he relaxed, leaning against the strong trunk and drawing strength from it. The men were shouting furiously below him, but the higher branches were too slender to bear their weight. He was safe... at least, he was safe until they realized he would not tire or lose his balance and started shooting at him to make him fall. Move, Elfling. The tree's thoughts brushed his mind. If you stay here they will eventually find a way to get to you. Men can be inventive. How? Legolas asked desperately. I cannot possibly move through the branches – Do it , the tree urged anxiously. Do not fear. We will not let you fall. But – Do it, Elfling. It is the only way you will be able to get to safety. Go towards the south. You will find help there. Legolas sighed and inched closer to the trunk, steadying himself as best he could. He did not feel at all well, but the tree was right. He had to get away while he still could. He flexed his right arm. It was painful, but he could still use it if he had to. His bow and long knives had been taken away from him, but he still had a couple of daggers tucked into his sleeves... He hoped it was enough to defend himself. Move! the tree practically shouted. Don't stand there thinking. We are covering you; they cannot see you through our foliage. Move! Legolas moved. Excerpt from Letter from Glorfindel to Círdan I'm not saying I understand the language of trees as well as a Wood-elf or even a Sinda, but I can definitely tell when one of them is calling me an idiot. And they were all doing it. If I hadn't sensed their fear I would have stopped to take an axe to them. (So I told them, at any rate, but then they started creaking in that ominous way trees have and I thought it was best to drop the subject.) Something like half an hour after they first called out to me, they were getting... worried is not the word for it. They were terrified. I think they found a way to speak to Asfaloth directly, because he suddenly started running as though Morgoth were chasing him. We came to a clearing, and then I saw – or thought I saw – what had been bothering the trees. One of those bands of marauders, although what they were doing so far south of the High Pass I cannot begin to imagine. They were gathered around someone – I could just see a cloak; he was facing away from me – lying on the ground. I thought it was one of their number who had been injured, and for a moment I considered offering them some aid... Then they noticed me, and they drew their weapons. I had no trouble getting rid of them. I sent an arrow past the ear of one and brushed the fingertips of another, and they fled . Just as well for them; once I saw what they had done I could have chased them down and slain them all. Glorfindel let out a cry of shock as he dropped to his knees beside the prone figure. The form was slender; the pointed ears and tousled golden hair all too familiar. Gently, hoping he would not be worsening any injuries by doing so, he turned the Elf over. "Legolas..." The Elf-lord heaved a sigh of relief when he saw that the young Sinda was alive. He ran a hand over Legolas' chest, frowning as he felt cracked ribs. His frown deepened as he examined the deep cut to Legolas' arm and the broken-off arrow in his shoulder. He was aware of the trees plying him with questions, and he grunted irritably. Exactly what he needed, all the oaks of Middle-earth agonizing about what was going to happen to their beloved Thranduilion. "Not now," he snapped. "Let me look at him and then we'll discuss –" But it's our fault! Glorfindel stared. "How is it your fault?" We promised not to let him fall. He would have stayed where he was; he knew he was injured and if we had not urged him on he would not have moved. But we did not want him to stay there – the Aftercomers knew where to find him – and we said we would make sure – "It's still not your fault," Glorfindel pointed out, forcing himself not to grind his teeth. "I have no idea what happened, but I do not doubt that