Summary: It was meant to be an innocuous riding trip through familiar territory, but then things began to happen. Characters: Legolas, Aragorn and Thranduil Many thanks to my wonderful beta, Calenlass. (I can't believe I forgot this. *blushes* Sorry, Cal! Just goes to show you shouldn't post while half asleep.) Rating: PG Disclaimer: I am just playing in Tolkien's wonderful world. Of Healers Somewhere Between Mirkwood and the Misty Mountains Aragorn tried to get to his feet. He fell back with a soft groan. There was not a part of him that did not ache. In all his lessons in healing, he had never been as conscious of the number of muscles in the human body as he was now, when every last one of his was screaming in agony. "I do not believe I can stand," he rasped. "I do not believe you can, either," came the response. "I do not know why you even tried. Foolish Man!" There was brief silence, followed by a scuffling sound, a muffled thump, and a rude word in Sindarin. "Legolas?" Aragorn asked in alarm. "What happened? Are you injured?" "Certainly not," the Elf replied. From his tone, you might have thought that he had never even seen the inside of a Healing Ward. " I was not the one staring vaguely into the distance instead of watching what an Orc was doing right before his eyes –" "I was not staring vaguely into the distance!" "Oh, I am so sorry. Forgive the error. Of course you were not. You were staring into the distance with great fascination, because counting the number of apple-blossoms on that tree over there is far more important than the scimitar that is being brandished an inch from your nose." "That is an apple tree?" Aragorn asked, squinting. "Can you not tell?" "I am not a mad forest-dwelling Elf, am I? At that distance a tree is a tree. Where are you?" "Here," Legolas said, appearing in Aragorn's field of vision. "I was picking up all the medical supplies you scattered when it finally dawned on you that there were Yrch almost upon us and some defensive swordsmanship was in order." He dropped to the ground beside his friend. "What are your injuries?" "I am fine," Aragorn said, smirking. At Legolas' look of appalled disbelief, he added, "Well, no, I am not fine in the least, but for the next half-hour I am going to pretend to be fine and make your attempts to disprove my assertion far more difficult than they need be. Then perhaps the next time you are injured, you will admit it at once and save everyone trouble." "Estel!" Eryn Galen, Several Centuries Ago "Be careful," the elleth repeated anxiously. "It is the first time you are taking him out by yourself." "Do not worry, Lindariel," Thranduil said, laughing at his wife's expression. "If I am capable of administering the realm, I am certainly capable of keeping an Elfling safe on a short trip into the forest." "We are speaking of the same Elfling?" "Why are you so worried? He normally complains that I am the one who does not let him do anything he enjoys!" "You are a fool who thinks my son – my son – can hurt himself climbing trees in the garden. I am a sensible Elf who knows that there are dangers in the forest. You can treat this as a test. If you bring Legolas back to me undamaged and whole, I may – may – consider letting you take him riding alone again. If one hair on my son's head is harmed, you will answer for it." "He is my son, too!" "Yes, but you are incompetent." Thranduil scowled. "Considering how much faith you have in my ability as a parent, I am surprised you are not coming with us to supervise." His wife smiled at him. "You get so little time with Legolas, meleth . He will enjoy going riding with you. Just be careful. That child is more than a handful. He will want to run off to look at everything that interests him, and you are utterly incapable of refusing him anything." "I am capable of refusing him!" "When was the last time you did it?" "That is beside the point," Thranduil said with dignity. "I have not had cause to refuse him before. I could do it easily if I wanted to. Really." Somewhere Between Mirkwood and the Misty Mountains Aragorn bit back a cry of pain. Legolas, who had been stitching a gash in his arm, looked at him apologetically. "I am sorry. It has been some time since I have been called on to dispense battlefield medication. I am almost finished – this is the last one. Then you can get some rest and I will set up camp. We should be safe enough here for some time." Aragorn only nodded. Legolas, a little alarmed by his uncharacteristic compliance, frowned down at him. "Is there something you have not told me about?" "No, Elfling. I am just a little tired." He looked up at Legolas' concerned face with a smile. He had long ago accepted the fact that the Elf-prince, not accustomed to the company of Men as his foster-brothers were, would react, where Aragorn was concerned, to the lightest scratch with as much alarm as an arrow through a lung might deserve. "The injuries are only painful, not life-threatening. I will be fine." "Are you certain?" "I would not deceive you in this, Legolas. I promise you, all I need is rest." Legolas nodded and returned his attention to the wound he had been stitching. He had done this for his fellow-warriors countless times, but he had never felt the kind of terror that made it nearly impossible to keep his hands steady as he worked. Every time he bound one of Aragorn's injuries, it seemed to bring their inevitable parting closer. "I am finished," he said after a minute. "Here – drink this." Aragorn sniffed at the cup that was held out to him, and would have laughed if he had not known that doing so would make his ribs ache. "You think to slip that into me as though you are offering me a cooling drink? I thought you had more sense, Elfling." "It will do you good to sleep." "What if more Orcs come?" "You have just proven your ineptitude as a watcher –" "I let my attention slip only because I knew you were there and you would know if danger approached!" "And I am here now. You need rest." Aragorn studied the Elf's face for a moment. The expression in the blue eyes was one he knew very well, and did not like to see. "I will drink it." Legolas smiled at him gratefully, and he added, "On one condition, Elfling." "What?" "You will not feel guilty about this. This was not your fault. You are right about one thing: I was not paying as much attention as I ought to have done." "But I was – and I saw them. I should have done something." "You warned me, and you shot them." "Not all of them." "You had barely a minute before they were on us. Not even you are that fast with the bow, Legolas. Nobody could be. You cannot blame yourself for not being able to kill three Orcs with each arrow." "But –" "Legolas, for once you will cease being stubborn and accept the fundamental fact that you are not the root cause of everything unpleasant that happens to me in your presence, or I will not drink that potion." "I can force it down your throat – I could do that even if you were at full strength." "You can," Aragorn agreed. "But you know and I know that you will not do anything of the kind. I am being perfectly clear, Legolas. I do not know why you are having such trouble seeing my point. This is not your fault." "But –" "I mean what I say. Until you accept that, I am not drinking one drop of that. I am not going to take the risk of you moping by yourself while I am in a drug-induced stupor." Legolas sighed. "I cannot induce you to be reasonable?" "No." "Very well." "Very well what?" "Very well, I agree with you." "Say it, Legolas, or I will not drink." Legolas scowled at him and growled, "Very well, I agree. I will not blame myself. This is not my fault. I could have done nothing to prevent it." "That's my Elfling," Aragorn said, taking the cup from his friend with a grin. "Now you cannot change your mind." Eryn Galen, Several Centuries Ago "Be careful!" Thranduil said, for what seemed like the thousandth time in the past hour. The only response he got was a high childish giggle from above. "Thank the Valar Lindariel talked me out of letting him bring his own pony," he muttered. Then he called, "Legolas, where are you?" "Here, Ada !" his son called back, the sound coming at least five yards away from where he had heard Legolas last. "Do not move so fast, tithen pen ! Come down!" "But the trees are enjoying my company, Ada ." This time Legolas' voice seemed closer. "I would enjoy your company as well, Legolas. The trees never lack for your companionship, but I have so little time with you. Will you not ride with me now?" There was a rustling sound, a shriek of laughter, and then, with a thump, Legolas landed on his rear on the ground in front of Thranduil. The Elven-king's horse, which was used to the child's antics by now, merely snorted and stepped away in a resigned manner. "Do not do that, Legolas," Thranduil gasped. "At least not until you are old enough to be certain of falling on your feet. You might get hurt." He bent over to swing Legolas up onto the horse before him. "If you get hurt, Nana will kill me, and then she will forbid me from ever taking you riding again." He put one arm around the Elfling in a grip that was gentle but firm. "I will not get hurt," Legolas said, wriggling into a more comfortable position. Thranduil shook his head, quelling the urge to kiss the small golden head. Legolas was reaching the age when he felt that such gestures were childish. It had only been a day – they had set out the previous morning – and already he was gaining new respect for Lindariel. How she managed to keep their son from spending his life in the Healing Ward was beyond him: there was not a copse or thicket that they passed that Legolas did not dive into. The idea that there might be dangerous things in the trees seemed never to have occurred to him. "Are you certain you want to be an archer, Legolas? You would not rather be a healer or – or perhaps a minstrel?" "I want to be an archer," his son insisted, raising bright eyes to his. "Lord Thorontur says that if I am an archer I can help you defend the kingdom." "I will have a word with Lord Thorontur," Thranduil grumbled. "Giving you ideas like this… Suppose there were no need to defend the kingdom, Legolas? What would you want to do then?" "Listen to the trees." Legolas squirmed around and got to his feet on the horse's back so that he could look his father in the eye. Thranduil, biting back an alarmed exclamation, tightened his grip. "Do you not want me to help you defend the kingdom, Ada ? Or do you think I will not be very good –" "I have no doubt you will be a wonderful archer, ion nîn ," the Elven-king responded. "I just do not know how I will survive seeing you come home hurt –