Disclaimer: Nothing, alas, is mine. Summary: As he bids farewell to those closest to him under different circumstances, Aragorn learns to accept himself and understand their unconditional affection for him. Characters: Aragorn, Elrond, Elladan, Elrohir, Gilraen, Arwen and Legolas. This was written for the January 2009 Teitho prompt, Leavetaking. Many thanks to my wonderful beta, Calenlass, for advice, suggestions and patience with questions. Rating: PG Many Meetings, Many Partings Long Ages Men can never see, High deeds no Mortal hands have done, You knew, and wrought; what grace to me Is given now to be your son? -- Imladris, Year 2948 of the Third Age "If it were anyone but Legolas," Lord Elrond said, as he stood with his youngest son in the courtyard, "I would not allow it. You know that, Estel." "I know, Ada ," the young man said, nearly going cross-eyed trying to watch both the Elven-lord and the stairs leading to the Last Homely House. "I will not give you cause to regret your decision." "You must be very careful, penneth . Thranduil is not unpleasant when you get to know him. He will certainly treat you well for his son's sake. Legolas likes you, and I know from experience that he would consider no sacrifice too great to make for a friend… You are unlikely to come to harm from orcs and spiders while in their care. But neither of them knows anything about Men. You must be sure to tell Legolas if the archery masters push you too hard." "Legolas said the archery masters of Greenwood are the most patient teachers in Middle-earth!" Estel protested. "And so they are, ion nîn … Yet I have seen the amount of time Legolas spent on the archery ranges when he was in training. It did him no harm to go without sleep for a day or two, but it would definitely do you harm." Estel let out a frustrated sigh. "How will I ever be an archer if I cannot practice?" "Oh, you will practice," Elrond assured him. "If I know anything of Thranduil's archery masters, you will spend several hours a day with your bow." Estel glanced at the steps. There was still no sign of his brothers or Legolas. "Estel? Is something wrong?" The young man drew in a deep breath, and finally asked the question that had been troubling him for some weeks. "I will never be as good as Legolas, will I, Ada ?" he said softly. "No matter how much I practice. I will never have his speed, strength, or tirelessness. He can hit targets that I cannot even see ." "There is no shame in that, penneth ," Elrond said. "I know many experienced archers, and none of them is as good as Legolas. For that matter, Legolas himself has far more skill now than he did as a novice warrior." "You know what I mean." Estel bit his lip. "I don't want to disappoint you." "You have never disappointed me, Estel," the Master of Imladris told his foster-son quietly. "You must know that. You have been with us for such a short time, but you have already won all our hearts." "But I cannot –" "Estel." Lord Elrond's voice was firm. "It does not matter what you can and cannot do. What matters is your heart, your courage and your spirit. In those you have shown yourself the equal of the noblest Elven-lords of Arda." The door opened. Elrond turned towards the house long enough to see the three e llyn emerge before he returned his attention to Estel. " Ion nîn , I do not want you to mope and make yourself miserable if you cannot equal the Mirkwood bowmen. I have spoken to Legolas, but he has not had much interaction with Men and he will not be able to help you unless you let him. Promise me that you will tell him at once if anything is worrying you." Estel flushed and mumbled, "I would not have him think me weak." "He will not think you weak, Estel. I have known him all his life… Of all the Elves in Middle-earth he is the most soft-hearted, and he will do everything he can to ensure that you are comfortable with your training. You can trust him as you would your brothers. Tell him if you are troubled, my son." "I will, Ada ." "Good." Elrond pulled Estel into his arms for a brief hug, drawing back as Elladan, Elrohir and Legolas approached them. "May Elbereth watch over you, penneth ." My brothers! Mighty, bold and true, Your deeds are sung in dale and glen. What impulse, brothers, prompted you To love a child of mortal Men? -- Imladris, Year 2951 of the Third Age "You will be careful?" Elladan said anxiously. "Did anyone fuss this much when you went on your first errand as warriors?" asked Estel irritably. "Of course they did," Elrohir responded, just as Elladan said, "That was different. We were far older and we had had several years of training. And before you ask, so had Legolas when he went on his first patrol." "I cannot help being human!" the young man snapped. "It's not like I asked for it. Do you think I like being slower and weaker and worse at everything?" The ellyn exchanged a startled glance. "That was not what we meant, Estel," Elrohir said. "And you must not consider yourself weak. You are a skilled warrior and we are proud to call you our brother." "Then why do you want to stop me?" "We fear for you," Elladan admitted. "We fear losing you. Ada took you in as a favour to the Dúnedain, to keep you safe for them, but in your time here we have learnt to love you, tithen gwador . We want you to be well." "And I must confess," Elrohir added, "that we do not understand this desire to go into the wild. You can gain experience here in Imladris, or if you think it is too tame here you can go to Mirkwood. You will not be able to complain about a shortage of fighting, and we would feel easier if Legolas were watching over you." "I am not a child! I do not need anybody to watch over me!" "Are you joining the Rangers to prove that you need nobody to watch over you?" Estel's scowl deepened. "No. I am going to get some respite from Elves and their incessant, infernal nagging ." "Estel!" The young man looked up at his brothers, his eyes softening at the real hurt he read in their faces. "Forgive me," he murmured contritely. "I did not mean that. But I must spend more time among men. Even Nana agrees. I cannot be a king of men if I know nothing of them." "The Dúnedain are not what you would call regular Men," Elrohir pointed out. "It will be a start." Estel bowed his head. "I know you will worry and Ada will worry and Nana will worry and Legolas will worry, but I must do this. And also…" He trailed off, glancing hesitantly at the Elves. "And also what, Estel?" "I have to prove to myself that I am not as incapable a warrior as I seem in comparison with Elves. You have all told me that Men would consider me skilled and powerful, but I have to see that for myself." His eyes pleaded for understanding. "I must go." " Sîdh, penneth ," Elladan said quietly. "We understand." "Remember that we will love you and be proud of you no matter what happens," Elrohir added. "This will always be your home, Estel." Estel nodded, his throat too tight for words, turned his horse, and galloped out of the Elven haven. I saw you weep; I knew not why Your heart was saddened as I grew. But now I know what made you sigh: The world that took your son from you. -- Imladris, Year 2970 of the Third Age Aragorn, for the first time in many years, was uncomfortable. The room in which he stood was distinctly feminine, yet it lacked the almost dream-like, ethereal quality that marked the chambers of ellith . It was, after all, a mortal woman's room, and not an Elf-lady's. "Will you say nothing, Nana ?" "You have my blessing, if that is what you seek," the woman sitting by the window said almost curtly, setting aside her book. "Do you not want me to go?" "Of course I want you to go. Your duty is with our people, Estel. I would not hold you back." Aragorn crossed the room swiftly, dropping to his knees before his mother and taking her warm hands in his. "Please, Nana , will you not tell me what troubles you?" Gilraen finally smiled. "Oh, my son, you must not worry about me. All parents know fear for their children." "It is more than that," Aragorn insisted. "I have seen Elrond and Thranduil worrying about missing sons. It is something else that grieves you. Let me lighten your burden if I can." Gilraen looked into his eyes searchingly. "Elrond and Thranduil both lost their wives to creatures of evil… But they are warriors, and lords responsible for the safety of their respective realms. Perhaps they know how to deal with their fear. Estel, the thought of your death in battle has plagued me since I lost…" "My father." "Your father." Gilraen could not hide the sudden tears in her eyes. "I wish you had known him, my son. I wish he had lived long enough to welcome you home from battle, to boast of your exploits to his friends, to pride himself on the warrior you have become. He should be here to bid you farewell." "We may hope that he sees us and is glad." "I must confess, Estel, that there have been times when I have feared that you… forget." "Forget?" "Arathorn. Your father." She held up a hand to cut off his protest. "It would not be your fault if you did. To the Elves you are Elrondion; Lord Elrond is the only father you have known. I am not so churlish as to be ungrateful for his help all these years. Without his goodwill the line of kings could not have survived this long. But Arathorn it was whom I loved and wed, Arathorn whose child I bore. It is Arathorn whom I see when I look at you now." "I have not forgotten him, Nana ," Aragorn said firmly. "I cannot deny my affection for Elrond and his children, and Legolas is more than a brother to me. But I have not forgotten that I am the son of a man… If anything, my time in the mortal realms helps me learn more about our people." "I know, Estel, and that is why I am glad you are going, even if I fear to lose you." She laid a hand on his head. "Do not forget your father, Estel. He was not as wise and fair as an Elf-lord, but he was a good and brave man." "I will not forget him, Nana . I promise." "Then go, my son." Gilraen kissed Aragorn's brow lightly. "Go, and may the Valar speed your steps and strengthen your arm." O brightest, fairest Elven-maid, Of beauty more than bards can tell, Have I your heart and spirit swayed? How can you love a Man so well? -- Lothl ó rien, Year 2980 of the Third Age " Nin melach? " The Elf-maiden to whom the question was addressed laughed, although it seemed to her companion that her joy was not complete. "How many times will you ask me that, meleth n î n ? I love you, Estel, with all my heart." "You will not forget me?" Estel asked anxiously. "My duties will take me far afield. I do not know when next I