Disclaimer: Not one Elf. Author's Note: Here it is, the next part of Míron-arc. This is the last story in the timeline before Practise to Deceive , and there'll be at least one more set after that to complete the arc. This story is going to be four parts, perhaps five depending on how the chapter splits work out. In chronology this follows Hours of Darkness, Tangled Web, Doubt, The Art of Artifice and Loyalties . I strongly suggest reading those first; this won't make much sense otherwise. It's set much after Loyalties , about a century before the events of The Hobbit . One last note on the timeline in this fic: it's shifting. I tend to do that in stories and it worked best for this; I have one linear version and it simply doesn't have the same impact. Enjoy the story! Summary: Centuries of plotting come to a head. Betrayal runs deep in the court of the Elven-king. Betrayal Part I 27 September, Morning About to enter Legolas' sitting room, Thranduil hesitated in the doorway. Saeldur was perched on the edge of the table. He was supporting Legolas, who was in a chair pulled up to it, helping him drink something from a cup, but he had turned at the sound of the door opening. His wary grey eyes were on Thranduil. Eredhion and Voronwë were on their feet, standing directly in Thranduil's path. The Elven-king opened his mouth to order them out of the way, but Saeldur shook his head. "Legolas," Saeldur said gently, putting down the cup. "Your father is here." Before Thranduil could begin to ask any of the fifty questions that statement roused – most importantly, why Saeldur imagined Legolas had not already noticed his presence – blue eyes were raised to his. His son managed a half-smile. " Adar. " Thranduil had to force himself not to exclaim in dismay. Legolas' normally clear voice was weak and rasping. He took a step forward. This time, Eredhion and Voronwë moved aside to let him pass. But they shifted back together at once, preventing any of the Elves behind him from entering the room. Thranduil knew he ought to ask what was happening, but he could not tear his eyes from his son's face. "You look tired." Thranduil matched Saeldur's quiet tone. "I suppose now is not the time to scold you for failing to write to me." 22 September, Morning The Elven-king fingered his son's last letter. It was several days old, short, hurried, and barely legible. Of course, he had left Legolas a great deal of work to do – so much that he felt guilty whenever he thought of it. In the King's absence, Legolas was required to preside over council meetings, War Council and petitions in court. That was in addition to his normal duties, and the archery training that he and his captains had taken over to allow Thorontur time to handle Arbellason's work. Legolas had probably not had a full night's sleep in weeks. He could hardly be blamed for forgetting to send a letter to his father. Thranduil put the letter down and turned his attention to Arbellason, who had just entered the tent. "I have been hearing rumours of cold drakes." Arbellason shrugged off his cloak and poured himself a cup of wine. "We should have brought some archers with us." Thranduil laughed. "Then we would have spent days riding north on a dragon-slaying quest. I think we are better off without them this time." He paused. "Has the courier returned?" The commander of his armies responded with a slight shake of his head. "Before you ask, he is only a few hours late. That can easily be explained by delays on the road. Do not worry, Thranduil. If any difficulties had arisen, Thorontur would have sent us word by now." "Thorontur's last letter spoke of nothing but who was making trouble in court." "Precisely. You know he dotes upon Legolas. Do you think he would write to you complaining about Míron and Norgalad if there were something wrong with your son?" "No, of course not. All the same… Legolas has not written to me for over three weeks." "Legolas is probably overwhelmed with work. He is a fine warrior. He is more than capable of defending himself. You must trust to that, if you trust nothing else." 27 September, Morning "Legolas has been busy." Saeldur offered his friend another sip from the cup – water, Thranduil saw now that he was nearer. "He is tired." "He is dying ," Celebwen snapped from where she stood in the doorway, loudly enough to make Legolas flinch at the noise. "I do not know what you think you are doing, Saeldur, but this has gone far enough." She took a step into the room, only to meet the immovable obstacle of the Prince's guards. "Have the two of you lost your minds? Legolas is dying and you want to play at spies ?" "Celebwen," Thranduil said, because nobody else seemed to be saying anything, and he was going to lose his mind if she said one more time that his son was dying. "What is happening?" Celebwen's voice was shaking with anger when she answered. "Perhaps you should ask Legolas' guards – and his captains – that question. They seem to be under the impression that the healers have all formed a conspiracy to murder their prince. Our prince." "Not all the healers, my lady." Saeldur did not look at her as he spoke. "One healer. But since you will not help us discover who that one is, we must assume that any of the healers might be guilty." "Are you trying to teach me my craft, Saeldur? I was watchful of everything Legolas was given to eat or drink since he returned to the stronghold injured, as I would be for any of my charges. He has not been harmed by anything we have done. Perhaps there was poison on the Orc blade, but we will never know, since you did not bother to retrieve it!" " Orc blade? " Thranduil felt dizzy. "What Orc blade?" All of a sudden, nobody would meet his eyes. " What Orc blade?" he repeated. "When we went south," Saeldur mumbled at last. "But… You went south nearly a month ago. Are you telling me Legolas was injured weeks ago and nobody thought to tell me of it?" He shook his head, sinking into a chair. "What happened?" 4 September, Afternoon Legolas knew as soon as he felt the sword go in that it was bad. He knew it before his knees buckled from the pain, before his breath shortened and caught, before Saeldur stepped in front him, knives drawn, and hissed, "Kill them all ." The archers moved, scything mercilessly through the Orcs. Saeldur had not stopped to watch them go; already he was kneeling at Legolas' side, easing him into a more comfortable position. Legolas would have thanked him, but he did not have the air, his nerves were on fire, his lungs were tight – "Legolas, look at me. Breathe. You can do it if you stay calm." It took a moment, but Legolas did manage a short, shallow breath, and then another. His vision was starting to blur. Saeldur was moving, muttering to himself as he tried to find something in his pack. Legolas knew it was useless. They had both been trained in battlefield medication. There was nothing Saeldur could do to help him. And there were far more important things for him to be doing in any case. "Saeldur." It hurt to speak. " No … Leave me." Saeldur ignored him. "Saeldur," Legolas tried again, intending to speak more forcefully but only managing a pained gasp. "You… you cannot –" " Please do not finish that sentence, Legolas." Legolas felt his tunic being pushed aside and something cool and damp dabbing at his skin. Cleaning the wound. He felt oddly removed from himself, as though he were a spectator. "I know this is beyond my skill." Saeldur's voice was trembling. He had realized it was bad. "Let me put a few stitches in, and then I will take you back to the stronghold." "No," Legolas protested. Saeldur must stay if he himself could not. The archers could not be left on their own, and the border could not be left unguarded. Bercalion's warriors were on the move, but it would be at least two days before they arrived in enough numbers to hold ground – three, if there were unexpected delays. "I will make a bargain with you," Saeldur said. "You cannot return to the stronghold on your own, and I do not trust any of the archers with us now to see you there safely. I know you do not like it, but I am going with you. You save your strength. We will assume that I am being disobedient and insubordinate and you can scold me for it when you have sufficiently recovered." Despite himself, Legolas smiled as he let his head drop. By the time Saeldur snipped off the thread, the archers were returning. "We finished them," said Duvain. There was grim satisfaction in his voice. "How is he?" "It is bad." Saeldur helped Legolas sit up, steadying him with a hand on his shoulder as a wave of dizziness hit. "I am taking Legolas to the stronghold. Take command, Duvain, and make certain –" He stopped short at the sound of hoofbeats. Even with his fading senses, Legolas could tell they were too light to be any but an Elven rider. All the same, Saeldur stiffened, his free hand going for a knife. "See who it is," he ordered. One of the archers scrambled into a tree, returning a moment later to say, "Rochendilwen." The report was followed by the arrival of Rochendilwen herself – at least, Legolas assumed it was Rochendilwen. The world was dissolving into light and shadow. He heard her feet hit the ground as she swung herself off her horse. "I volunteered to bring letters," she said. "The couriers have enough to do riding back and forth to the King. It seems it is all to the good that I came." She crouched on Legolas' other side. "The trees have been urging me to greater speed. Now I see why. How badly is he injured?" "He needs the Healers. Urgently." Saeldur gave Legolas a light shake. "Stay awake." "I will take him back. Up, Legolas." She slid an arm around Legolas' shoulders, still speaking to Saeldur. "I will send word when they have seen him." 27 September, Morning "Very well," Thranduil said. "Legolas was gravely injured. Rochendilwen brought him back. That still does not explain why nobody told me anything." "We did not want to disturb you," Thorontur explained from the doorway. Eredhion and Voronwë were still barring both him and Arbellason, although Arbellason had been with Thranduil all this time and was therefore certainly innocent of anything the Prince's guards suspected the healers of doing. "You do not know how many times I took up my pen to write to you. It just seemed… unnecessary." Unnecessary. If Thranduil had needed anything confirmation that something bad had happened in his absence, the stiff formality of Thorontur's tone provided it. His business with the Northmen had been important, but not more important than Legolas. Thorontur, of all people, should have known that. 22 September, Afternoon It was a sign of how distracted Thranduil was that he did not notice Brand's approach until his voice broke into the Elven-king's thoughts. "Is something the matter?" Thranduil turned to the leader of the settlement. He hesitated over telling him the truth. It was certainly not his business, and the Elven-king had an inborn distrust of mortals. But Brand was acquainted with Legolas. They were friends, after a fashion. "I am worried about my son," he said at last. "Legolas has been