Summary: A twenty-year-old Estel is told of the heritage that will eventually take him away from his childhood home and the Elves he has grown to love. Characters: Aragorn/Estel, Legolas, Elrond, Gilraen, Elladan and Elrohir, with brief appearances by Arwen, Glorfindel, Erestor and Bilbo. Rating: PG Disclaimer: If only I owned it – alas that I don't! Author's Note: I know the Professor didn't say Legolas was in Rivendell at the time of this fic – but then he didn't say he wasn't, either! All Sindarin translations are at the end. Many thanks to my beta, Calenlass, for her valuable advice and suggestions. Aran, Mellon, Gwador But when Estel was only twenty years of age, it chanced that he returned to Rivendell after great deeds in the company of the sons of Elrond; and Elrond looked at him and was pleased, for he saw that he was fair and noble and was early come to manhood, though he would yet become greater in body and in mind. - From The Tale of Aragorn and Arwen Elrond, Master of Imladris, was sitting in his study enjoying one of the few days of peace he had had all summer. As soon as the snow had melted in the High Pass, Thranduil, King of Greenwood, had sent his son to the Last Homely House "to get some respite from incessant orc-baiting" as his letter to Elrond had described it. While he was very fond of Legolas, and more than happy to have him in Imladris, the last time such a circumstance had been peaceful had been over twenty-six centuries previously, when Legolas had been a tiny slip of an Elfling who barely came up to Elrond's knee and before his son Elrohir had decided it would be a clever idea to make the little prince of Eryn Galen his own bow and teach him to shoot. But now Legolas was away on a camping trip with Elrond's twin sons and his foster-son Estel. They were due to return the following evening, and the Elf lord had already warned the healers to have at least two beds ready, along with a supply of herbs, bandages and poison antidotes. Until then, though… Until he actually saw the four of them return with one being hauled up the steps supported by two of the others while the fourth ran through the corridors shouting desperately for healers or – if matters were serious – for Elrond himself, he could pretend that everything was just fine and there was no need to worry. With a contented sigh, Elrond turned a page of the book he was reading. "Farewell, Master Hobbit!" Legolas said merrily. " Calo anor na ven! " The small being thus addressed bowed, called a cheerful farewell to the three Elves and the Man, and tripped off down the road with a tread nearly as light as that of an Elf. Estel barely waited for the Hobbit to get out of earshot before he turned to the woodland prince. "How do you know him?" Legolas smiled. "He came to Greenwood around ten years ago, and acquitted himself very bravely in the Battle of the Five Armies." "Really?" Elladan, the older of the twin sons of Elrond, asked with a wicked grin. "The last time I met Bilbo Baggins on the road he told me that he had been too terrified to do anything useful, but that a certain ellon , naming no names, who was leading the Elven archers, fought with such courage that –" "Is that what he told you?" Elrohir interrupted. "Bilbo told me that the ellon who was leading the Greenwood bowmen was one of the most skillful warriors he saw among the Elves, and also by far the most half-witted." Legolas scowled ferociously at the twins and drew an arrow from his quiver, causing all three of his companions to burst into laughter. "If only you could see your face, gwador nîn ," Estel chortled. "Is this how you conduct trade negotiations for Eryn Galen?" "It's getting dark," Legolas said with all the dignity he could muster. "We should find a place to camp for the night." "And have no fear of creatures of the night, Estel," Elrohir said, nudging his horse to the side so that his human brother was between him and Legolas. "Should an orc attack, we are in the company of the most impressive warrior in all of Thranduil's army –" "So attested by Bilbo Baggins," Elladan interposed. "So, as my brother points out, attested by Bilbo Baggins. We will turn to him for protection from fell beasts and –" Elrohir cut himself off abruptly when he found the tip of one of Legolas' knives at his throat. "Very well then," the blonde Elf said lightly. "I will protect you from orcs, trolls and goblins. But who, Elrondion, will protect you from me ?" With a laugh, Elrohir whispered to his horse and the white stallion shot forward. Legolas, laughing also, gave chase. Estel and Elladan watched in amusement as the Elven prince chased their brother to a nearby stream and proceeded to dunk him thoroughly. Gilraen hesitated at the door to Elrond's study. Even she, a woman of the Dúnedain and a descendant of Aranarth, was slightly intimidated by the Lord of Imladris. Estel was not – but then Estel had been bounced on Elrond's knee as a child; it was difficult to be intimidated by someone whose hair you had tried to eat. Finally she knocked. " Tolo! " She opened the door and went in. " Man anírach cerin an le? " Elrond asked with a smile. "Sit down, Lady Gilraen. I can see you wish to speak to me." Gilraen dropped into one of the chairs by the window. "Lord Elrond, I must speak to you about… Estel." Elrond nodded. "Of course. He is growing into a fine young man, Lady Gilraen. Arathorn would have been proud of him." "My Lord," Gilraen said, quietly but firmly, "I wish he were growing into a fine young man. What he is growing into is a fine young Elf . How long do you plan to keep him in ignorance of his heritage?" "He is far too young to be told," Elrond protested. "I know Men grow faster than Elves, but all the same – he is twenty , my Lady. He is not yet ready to lead even a patrol, leave alone a kingdom." "I know that," Gilraen said. "But it is time he finds out who he is and what is expected of him. My Lord, I do not ask you to take him to Gondor and put him on the throne. Even if you did, the people would revolt before they accepted his kingship – not because he is too young," she said hastily, forestalling Elrond. "Although he is young. Because he is not a Man but a young ellon who just happens to be mortal. The people of Gondor like Elves, but they would not tolerate being ruled by them." "He is being trained in statecraft and politics by the finest scholars in the Elven realms," Elrond said defensively. "You must give them time; they are used to teaching Elves, not humans. In a few years he will know all he needs to be king--" "No," Gilraen said firmly, a little shocked at her own daring. "He will know all he needs to be seneschal. A king must know more than just how to build roads and when not to impose taxes. If he is to be a good king, he must know the heart of Gondor – the hearts of her people. What they hope for, what they fear, their joys and their sorrows… Lord Elrond, Estel knows nothing of the hearts of Men. How can he love his people when they are an alien race to him?" "He is young." "He may live as long as an Elf but he will never know if he stays here learning statecraft out of books! Gondor is a kingdom of Men – men who must work day after day to provide for their families, men who live in fear of what will happen to them and their wives when they grow too old to work, men who are born and live and die . He must have friends outside Imladris – friends other than the prince of Mirkwood!" "Legolas is one of the finest –" "My Lord, I do not object to Legolas. I like him very much. He is a fine warrior, and he has always treated me with far more courtesy than even my son does. I do not doubt that if the time comes when he must rule Eryn Galen he will make a good king. But a king of Elves , Lord Elrond, not of Men." "So there we were, Estel," Elladan said, "just the three of us, surrounded by orcs with no hope of rescue." He gesticulated wildly, seeming to suggest that all the living creatures in Middle-earth, including flies and gnats, had turned into orcs and surrounded them. "And my brother, Lord Elrohir of Imladris, and my friend, Prince Legolas of Eryn Galen, spoke at the same time and said precisely the same thing." Elrohir and Legolas exchanged a glance and reached surreptitiously for their bows. Elladan, pretending not to notice, continued. "And what do you think they said, Estel? 'It's been nice knowing you'? 'Good luck'? 'Elbereth protect us'? Even, 'I want my ada '? None of that. They said, 'Do you think Galion will have remembered the honey cakes?' We were all going to die, or so we thought, and these two were worried about their tea ." Estel laughed happily, secure in the knowledge that all vengeance being taken would be taken on Elladan. Sure enough, Legolas and Elrohir leapt at the storyteller, bearing him to the ground. Estel laughed harder as the three Elves wrestled, calling encouragement to Elladan. "Estel!" Legolas protested. "You're supposed to be on my side." "Two against one is hardly fair!" Estel watched only a moment longer before he, too, joined the fray, helping Elladan. Several minutes later, the three Elves and the human lay on the grass by the riverbank. Estel was exhausted, but he suspected that his brothers and his friend could have kept it up longer and had stopped only for his sake. "I think we should retire for the night," Legolas said. "I'll take first watch," Elladan volunteered. Estel woke at the first thunderclap. He opened his eyes and glanced at Legolas, who had taken the second watch and was sitting in one of the upper branches of the elm tree beneath which his friends slept. The golden-haired Elf was making no move to wake anyone – there was no point; there was no better shelter to be had nearby. "Legolas," Estel called softly. "Come down." "I am fine," floated back the reply. "Come down," Estel repeated. His brothers had told him – and he had since learnt from experience – that when you told Legolas to do something sensible and he insisted that he was fine , the only way to deal with him was to keep repeating yourself until he gave up the argument and did as you wanted. "Go to sleep, Estel." "Come down." Estel sensed rather than heard the prince's exasperated sigh; the branches moved, golden hair glinted in a flash of lightning, and then, with a soft thump, Legolas was standing on the ground next to him. "What is the emergency?" the Elf demanded, crossing his arms. Estel sat on the ground, his back against the tree trunk, and waited. After glaring at him for a few seconds, Legolas sank to the ground beside the human. "I was fine," he grumbled. "Do not lie to me." Legolas shifted a little, just enough for Estel to slide one arm around his friend's shoulders. As soon as the human did so, however, the