Summary: One-shot. Legolas comforts his friends as they face the loss of loved ones. Mainly angst and friendship with a bit of humour. Characters: Legolas, Aragorn, Elladan and Elrohir, with brief appearances by Elrond, Glorfindel and Celebrían. Many thanks to my wonderful beta, Calenlass, for advice, suggestions and patience with questions. Rating: PG Disclaimer: I own nothing. The Darkest Hour Imladris, Year 3007 of the Third Age Elladan's eyes were bright with unshed tears as he looked from his father to his brother to his friend. Elrond's eyes were grave, although his voice was steady as he read. Elrohir and Legolas were sitting silently on a couch. Elrohir's face was oddly emotionless, but he seemed glad for the younger Elf's arm around his shoulders. Elladan could not bring himself to sit; it seemed as though that would make the news somehow more real. Elrond finished reading and folded up the letter. Elladan could have sworn that his father's hand shook as he replaced it on his desk and finally turned his full attention to the three Elves before him. "We knew it was coming," Elrond said, getting to his feet. "She told Estel so herself." "But so soon..." Legolas whispered. "It had to be so," Elladan replied, astonished at how steady even his voice sounded. "She was mortal, Legolas. When the race of Men sense their time approaching, it usually means months, not years... even for one of the line of Númenor." "Does he know?" "He must be told," Elrond murmured. "They will have tried to get word to him, of course, but I doubt any of their scouts could have found him. I will send someone –" "I will go," Legolas volunteered, in a tone that said he did not plan to allow himself to be dissuaded. Elrond glanced at the young archer. "I do not deny that that would ease my heart greatly, penneth . Your presence would bring him comfort, perhaps more so than even ours. But it will mean a longer journey home for you; I know roughly where Estel may be found, but you will still have a difficult search on your hands. I have no desire to deprive Thranduil of your services as a warrior." "I was not planning to leave for a few days in any case, so if I leave now and ride hard, I shall not be delayed in returning home." Elrond hesitated, and then nodded. "Very well, then. I will tell you where to find him – but be careful . Remember that not all Men are like Estel and the Rangers. Many do not like Elves. I would send Elladan and Elrohir with you if I could, but they are needed here... I promised your father I would return you to him in one piece, and I have a reputation for being an Elf of my word. Please do not ruin it." "You promised King Thranduil that?" Elladan asked in astonishment, as Elrohir chuckled despite himself. " Ada , how did you ever imagine you would be able to do it?" Imladris, Year 2510 of the Third Age For the first time in his life, Legolas felt the presence of some lingering malignancy as he rode through the gates of Imladris. The stars shone benignly overhead, Eärendil as bright as he always appeared when viewed from the Elven haven, but their silver light could not conceal the nearness of something unmistakably evil. He shivered as he dismounted, resisting the impulse to draw his cloak tighter about his shoulders. "So you have felt it as well." Legolas turned in the direction of the voice, bowing formally when he saw the speaker. "Lord Glorfindel." " Especially in this hour of grief we do not stand on ceremony, penneth ," the Elf-lord said gently, clasping Legolas' forearm in a warriors' greeting. "Your presence is welcome." "I came as soon as I received your letter." Waving away the guard who ran up to them offering to take his horse, Legolas led Faelwen to the stables. Glorfindel followed, and the young prince of the woodland realm was conscious of his penetrating gaze. "I must confess, my lord, I do not know what I can do to help. I have little wisdom in these matters." "Your gwedyr are in no need of wisdom," Glorfindel said wryly. "There are innumerable Elves willing to supply that, and in far greater measure than they want or require. They need a friend to stand by them now, Legolas, and your loyalty has ever been unparalleled." Relieved that the darkness masked the reddening of his cheeks, Legolas inclined his head in acknowledgment of the older Elf's compliment. "I hope this has not inconvenienced Thranduil too greatly," Glorfindel went on. "I know how beleaguered your realm has been since the end of the Watchful Peace, and I would not have deprived him of your services so abruptly had there not been need." " Ada understands, my lord," Legolas said with the slightest hint of a smile. "He has known you for a very long time." "I never imagined that we would come to this day," the Balrog-slayer commented. "If anyone should have been safe from attack by fell creatures, it should have been Celebrían. Who would ever have thought that such harm could befall one who divided her time between Imladris and Lothlórien? There are no safer havens this side of the Sea." Without warning, he reached out and took the curry comb from Legolas. "I will see to your horse, penneth . You go inside to your friends. If your company cannot lighten their spirits, I fear nothing ever will." The Wilds of Middle-earth, Year 3007 of the Third Age Faelwen snorted and tossed her head, clearly displeased at Legolas' restraining hand, which was currently preventing her from bursting out of the thicket and galloping across the plain in wild abandon. Legolas chuckled, knowing perfectly well what caused his horse's pique. "Peace, my impatient friend," he murmured, running a soothing hand down her flank. "When we are in familiar territory you may have your head. But this land I know not at all, for all its proximity to our home. It would be unfortunate if we were to run into a group of humans with a prejudice against the Firstborn." He hesitated and then held out one hand. At once, a bright blue bird fluttered down from an overhead branch to alight on his finger. Legolas struggled to get his message across to the bird; he was far more comfortable communicating with trees. Eventually, and after much effort, he managed to tell the bird what he was looking for. It flew off with what he hoped was a promise to find its fellows and ask if any of them had the information he sought. He hoped fervently that Aragorn had not taken it into his head to visit a Mannish settlement. It would be hard enough to carry out his charge without the added complication of concealing his race while he located his friend. While Legolas could speak the tongue of Men with fair fluency, anyone hearing him would know at once that it was not his native language. He could only pray that they would assume that he was from some distant land, rather than guessing at the truth. Several minutes later two birds, the blue one and another red one, emerged from the trees and perched on his knee. With some difficulty he understood that a human such as he described had been seen entering a village some leagues to the south, but that had been a few days ago. There were no more recent tidings to be had. Thanking the birds, Legolas finally nudged Faelwen with his heels. The mare neighed her approval and ran out to the plain, although not with such speed as she would have done had they been on the Elf-road through Mirkwood. Imladris, Year 2510 of the Third Age Following Glorfindel's suggestion, Legolas slipped into the Last Homely House through a side door and made his way silently upstairs to the family's apartments. Instead of repairing to the room that was always kept for his use, he went onwards to the end of the corridor to find his friends. He was startled by a hand on his shoulder as he crept past Elrond and Celebrían's door. Firmly quelling the warrior's reflex to reach for a weapon, he turned. The Lady of Imladris was standing in the darkness of the passage, surveying him with gentle eyes that belied the tortures she had so recently undergone. For a moment Legolas stared at her in shock, then he remembered to bow. "Forgive me, my lady," he said. "I did not intend to disturb you." "It is no fault of yours that you did," she assured him. "I find my senses unnaturally acute of late. How else would I have heard the step of an Elven warrior who was trying to be quiet?" Legolas hesitated, not quite knowing what to say. Celebrían had lavished him with affection since his own mother had died, to the extent that the twins griped good-naturedly about how even their Nana was partial to the woodland prince. He was as fond of her as he could be of any mother-figure who was not actually his mother, and it had distressed him to learn of her ordeal. The elleth patted his cheek and said, "It was good of my kinsman to spare you, Legolas; I know his need for your support is great. But Elladan and Elrohir descend into grief and guilt that can only worsen when I leave." "You have decided, then, my lady?" "Yes, I have. There can be no peace for me on these shores." She sighed and turned to a window, looking out at the stars. "Take care of my sons, Legolas. They have spoken of the grief to none save each other, but it is my hope that they will unburden themselves to you." "They have stood by me through my worst moments, my lady. I would hardly forsake them now." "I did not mean to imply that you would," Celebrían said with a light laugh. After a brief pause, she said, "Yet I ask you again, will you stand by them as they have stood by you?" Legolas frowned. "Does something trouble you, my lady?" The daughter of Galadriel turned luminous eyes on him. "I must cross the Sea, and quickly, if I am to be made whole again; yet my heart forebodes me. I have a feeling that once I leave, I will not see my family whole again. No!" She held up a hand to cut off whatever Legolas was going to say. "If the Powers have truly willed it, there is nothing you can do. But there is a chance that my foreboding is simply brought on by the evil I have known." She turned to face Legolas fully, reaching for his hands. "Will you stand by this house, son of Thranduil?" "I will, my lady." The Wilds of Middle-earth, Year 3007 of the Third Age Legolas realized that despite the twins' detailed instructions, he had very little idea how to glean information from Men without appearing suspicious or giving himself away. In his few forays into human habitations outside of his duties as Prince of Greenwood, either Aragorn or one of the twins, or all three, had been with him, and had firmly told him to wait quietly with his hood up while they did the talking. He dismounted and approached the village warily, leading Faelwen by the bridle. It was the middle of the afternoon, and there were people about. More than one stopped to watch him. They did not seem surprised to see a stranger; Elrond had told him that this road was one frequented by travellers. He glanced around discreetly until he saw a building that seemed to be an inn. Nearing it, the sight of men walking in