Summary: All is not well in Imladris. A young Estel finds a little more trouble than he bargained for and learns something valuable about what it means to be a warrior. This story was intended as a New Year present for Silivren Tinu (who made the comment that led to it)... And I had hoped to have it finished in time! *blushes* But I guess a late fic is better than nothing. Many thanks to my wonderful beta, Calenlass, for the editing and reassurance. Rating: PG Disclaimer: I am not Tolkien. I own nothing. Warnings: Angst and mild violence On the Trail Imladris wore silence like a cloak, the lights in its windows and doorways glimmering like unearthly lamps through the softly falling snow. In the Hall of Fire the voices were silent: nobody sang of the beauty of Middle-earth, nobody offered up a newly-composed song in memory of Valinor and the Two Trees, nobody even began a hymn to Elbereth. To Estel, accustomed to mirth and merriment in the Last Homely House, the silence was oppressive. He looked up from the book to which he had been paying only scant attention. Directly opposite him, on the other side of the fire, sat Lord Elrond, frowning direfully into the flames. Glorfindel was not far away, idly running a whetstone up and down his sword, giving no more mind to his actions than Estel had been giving to his book. He, too, looked angry. Estel looked around the room and realized that a distinct air of unease pervaded it. He had never known the Elves to be affected by the cold as he was – they usually went about with only light garments even in the coldest of winters – but today they all wore thick cloaks, fastened at the throat and pulled tight around themselves as though they finally felt winter's chill. Most of them wore their weapons, as well, and this, too, was an oddity: there was no need to go armed inside Elrond's halls. He glanced at his mother, sitting beside him. She shrugged and put a finger to her lips. Estel thought she was right. The Elves did not look as though they would welcome conversation. The fire flickered suddenly as the door opened on noiseless hinges. A blast of cold air came with it. Estel shivered, and not because of the cold. The door only opened into the corridor: it ought to be no colder than the rest of the house. The Elf who came in, at least, seemed to see no need for silence. He made no more noise than he usually did, to be sure; and usually he could creep up behind a deer without its knowledge. But in the near-perfect stillness his muffled footsteps seemed to echo in the cavernous hall. He came up to the fire, for once without a formal bow for Lady Gilraen. His blue eyes, normally dancing with fey amusement, were grim, almost dark. His mouth was a thin, straight, line; even his hair, gleaming damply as the snowflakes on it melted, seemed to bristle with displeasure. Estel shivered. Legolas was almost never angry; when he was, it usually meant disaster for the nearest Orc encampment or a month on kitchen duty for some careless archer who had neglected to polish his knives and groom his horse. Glorfindel and Elrond both looked up at the young Elf, one with sympathy, the other with a slight lessening of anger, but still nobody spoke. "Where –?" Estel began, but stopped short when his voice came out in a tremulous squeak. Legolas turned to him, but none of the others showed the slightest reaction. Estel swallowed and tried again. "Where are they? Elladan and Elrohir?" He would not have thought it possible for Legolas' face to darken further, but it did, with frustration, disappointment, and something dangerously close to fury burning in his eyes. "Hunting," the young Elf replied tightly. "Again... always... hunting. " His eyes gleamed suddenly bright with barely-suppressed anger. Estel, who had seen enough of Thranduil to recognize a shadow of his temper in his son's face, said nothing. After a moment, Legolas looked at him. "I am sorry, penneth . Did I scare you?" His voice was calmer this time, even if his gaze still burnt with as much intensity as the fire in the grate, and it heartened Estel to hear it. "Why does it trouble you?" he ventured. Nobody in Imladris liked the twins' desperate vengeful quests, but Estel had the feeling that nobody in Imladris found them quite as distasteful as Legolas did. This puzzled him a little; while he knew why most Elves disapproved of his foster-brothers' need to slaughter Orcs, he thought he understood it – he had lost his own father to Sauron's vile creatures, after all, and every day the suppressed grief in his mother's eyes made him wish he could join Elladan and Elrohir on one of their hunts. Moreover, he thought Legolas ought to be able to sympathize, if any Elf could, since his life in Mirkwood was practically a continuous battle against the Shadow ravaging his home. It was a long time before Legolas answered. "Perhaps because I might have prevented this if I had opposed it in the beginning," he said softly, the flickering firelight casting shadows on his face. "I thought then that their desire for vengeance would fade with time. I was wrong." "None of us imagined it would last this long," Glorfindel said, speaking for the first time. " Any of us might have stopped it in the beginning; if Elrond or I had expressly forbidden it instead of merely advising them against it, it could never have come to this. I doubt they will listen to anybody now." "But..." Estel looked from one Elf to the other, and finally at Gilraen. She smiled at him, but he suddenly realized that this smile, like all her other smiles, was regretful. "I want to go with them," he announced. He had expected an instant outcry, but instead his statement was met with dead silence that lasted for several moments before Elrond turned to Legolas. "This has gone far enough," he said quietly. "I do not like asking this of you, Legolas, and I daresay your father will demand my head on a platter when he finds out, but you are the only one who might still be able to talk to them. Go and stop them. They only have a day's head start. You can catch up with them easily." Legolas jerked a nod. Before he could say anything, Estel burst out, "I will come with you!" "Do not be ridiculous, penneth ," Legolas said curtly. "You will do nothing of the kind. Stay here – yes, Estel, stay here ." He sounded stern enough that, for once, Estel did not dare try to wheedle him into consenting. "This is bad enough without –" To Estel's surprise, his mother came to his rescue. "Legolas, if you do decide to take him with you, I will not object." She glanced at Elrond, who sighed and nodded. "Nor will I. I suppose it will be easier for him to understand if he sees for himself." Neither of them said any more: Estel knew perfectly well that if Legolas insisted that he remain behind, neither his mother nor his foster-father would debate the issue. They had too much respect for the Elf's experience as a warrior. "Please," Estel begged, before Legolas could say anything. "At least, if you take me with you, you will not have to ride alone." Legolas' determined expression wavered, and Estel promptly added, "I will not get in the way and I will do whatever you tell me if you will only take me with you. I want to help?" "Help hunt Orc?" Legolas asked dryly. "Help you ," Estel responded. "It is true that I do not understand why you want to stop them, but if it is that important to you, I want to help you do it." "I still cannot believe I consented to this." "You consented because you could not bear to leave me behind," Estel teased, secure in the knowledge that they were too far from Imladris for Legolas to send him back. "Imagine how lonely you would be without me." Legolas stopped and half-turned to shake his head in exasperation. His horse snorted in disapproval: she was eager to get out of the snowdrift through which they were walking. Legolas patted her head. Estel had to stifle laughter at the sight: Faelwen was tall for a riding horse, but with Legolas standing on top of the thickly-piled snow she was barely higher than his shoulder. As though the same thought had just occurred to her, the horse took Legolas' cloak between her teeth and tugged in the direction of the road. "Peace," the Elf said, rubbing her nose. "I know this is the more difficult path, but the road might be dangerous now. We must find Elladan and Elrohir. We do not have time to stop and fight Orcs." "Will we reach them today?" Estel asked, shifting in his saddle. Legolas had decided to get down and walk his horse; the young man knew he himself would only slow them down if he got down and tried to walk through the snow, but that did not prevent him from longing to stretch his legs. "Tired?" Legolas asked, smiling at him. "We will not reach them today, Estel. It is too close to evening, and I do not want to risk travelling through the night. Once we have found a village, you can rest and I will try to find out which way they have gone." "I do not need rest," Estel insisted. Legolas rolled his eyes and did not answer. It did not take them long to find a village with an inn. The innkeeper was reluctant to house them at first, clearly worried about harbouring strange travellers in such dark times, but eventually he agreed, in exchange for a considerable pile of coins, to let them have the use of a small room on the upper floor. "Sleep, Estel," Legolas said, as soon as they were safely in it. "I will find out where your brothers are. We can go on in the morning." Estel would have argued, but although Legolas sounded cheerful, something warned him not to push the Elf too far. He undressed and got into bed under his friend's watchful gaze. Legolas nodded, apparently satisfied, and left the room. Despite his insistence to the contrary, Estel really was tired, and it was not longbefore his eyes shut. His dreams were troubled, full of his brothers slaying faceless monsters while a dim, mist-wreathed figure that he somehow knew was Lady Celebrían looked on in sorrow. Then suddenly it was not Lady Celebrían but his mother, sobbing over his father's shrouded body. She looked directly at him and raised her hand. Estel tried to call out to her, but his voice was too weak. Then her face dissolved as he was shaken awake. "Legolas!" Estel gasped, clutching at the Elf's tunic. "What is wrong?" Legolas gently disengaged Estel's hands and helped him sit up. "You look like you have not slept at all. Did you have bad dreams?" "What time is it?" "It is morning, Estel." " What? " It seemed to Estel that he had barely been asleep for ten minutes, but when he looked out the window he could see the sun shining and a pair of small birds perched on the sill, watching him with undisguised curiosity. When he looked in their direction, they swooped into the room and alit on the bed beside him. Estel reached out to them: they twittered in alarm and fluttered to Legolas, settling down on his knee. "They are scared of you," the Elf said in amusement. "I am surprised they are still here. Most of their