Disclaimer: Not one Elf. Author's Note: This is the next part of Míron-arc. (Yeah, that's what I call it in my head.) This particular story is complete in four parts, but it does leave a lot of loose ends to segue into the next story so… Fair warning. :) It will help to have read at least Hours of Darkness and Tangled Web to follow the plot of this one. Summary: The growing shadow in the Woodland Realm brings danger to those who have never known it before. Doubt Part I: A Message It is never a good sign when Eredhion and Voronwë are waiting outside my door in the morning. It is a worse sign when they stand on either side of the doorway poised on the balls of their feet as though they are prepared to cut off all my escape routes. "What is it?" I ask warily. "If this is about Esgaroth next month, I already told you, I fully intend to go. Norgalad requested it and I see absolutely no reason why I should not." Voronwë grimaces. "I still think that is a foolish scheme, but we have learnt not to fight in a hopeless cause. There is something else about which we must speak to you." "In private," Eredhion adds. I wait until we are in my sitting-room with the door bolted to repeat my question. "What is it?" "It is about Saeldur," Eredhion begins. I cannot suppress a sigh. " Need we go through this every single week? It has been over two years. It is long past time to stop letting it colour your judgement. I trust Saeldur." " You trust him. He has been speaking to Arahael in secret –" "It is no crime to speak to Arahael. And it cannot be much of a secret if you are aware of it." "We make it our business," Voronwë says coolly, "to be aware of the activities of those who may mean you harm. Do not argue, Legolas. Whether or not Saeldur means you harm, Arahael certainly does. Hear us out. We deserve that. You might not agree with our suspicions, but your safety is our responsibility, and one we take seriously." I do owe them a hearing. "Very well. What have you learnt?" Voronwë's smile is grim. "Saeldur spent three hours with Arahael yesterday, in Míron's house. He told you he intended to spend the evening with his parents. At the very least he lied to you, which is a bad sign on its own. There is more. Saeldur and Arahael returned to the warriors' quarters together and went to Arahael's room." "One of the maids happened to overhear what they said." "Overheard them through stone walls and a three-inch-thick oaken door?" "She might – entirely inadvertently – have pushed the hinges out of alignment so the door would not shut fully." Eredhion shrugs. "Dwarven craftsmanship is notoriously flimsy." "Elbereth preserve us," I groan. "Now we are spying on the King's warriors? And involving the household staff?" "No. Voronwë and I are spying on the King's warriors and involving only those Elves whom we can trust completely. We will do that and anything else we consider necessary to ensure your safety." I do not attempt to argue. "Tell me, then. What did Saeldur and Arahael discuss?" "Very little once they realized the door would not shut," Voronwë said. "Before that… Saeldur told Arahael his attempts had failed." I wait. Surely there must be more. When nothing more is forthcoming, I cannot help throwing up my hands in exasperation. "His attempts had failed? That is all you have to accuse Saeldur of treason? He might have meant anything!" "What else could he possibly mean?" "How am I to know? Ask him!" "Oh, come, Legolas! Does it not strike you as suspicious, at all, that Saeldur has clandestine meetings that he conceals from you? When have there ever been secrets between you, beyond those your duty compels you to keep?" "No." I shake my head in emphasis. No. I trust Saeldur. I promised him I would trust him. "I know what you are suggesting – but it is impossible. To begin with, I would surely notice if someone were attempting to harm me – or you would. Nobody is attempting my life. I trust Saeldur." Voronwë grimaces. "If you must. You have the luxury of trust. But, Legolas," he goes on, his expression very serious, "if he raises a hand against you…" "We are not your archers," Eredhion says. "We are members of the Royal Guard, and we have one duty only. And in carrying out that duty we will disregard every obstacle – including your orders, my Prince." There is no response I can make to that. The War Council is meeting this morning, and after breakfast in the main dining hall, I pause only long enough to bid Rochendilwen farewell – she is going to the Northern Border with a small group of warriors, and she will be away for some weeks – before I hurry to the Council chamber. My father and Lady Ellaurë are there already. "Peaceful watch?" Ellaurë asks, pushing a stack of reports across the table to me. "Very," I assure her, looking down at the top sheet. It is a report from one of the groups stationed along the Elf-path, and the others are more of the same. There does not appear to be anything alarming in them. "It was a quiet night." I should know better than to say such things. It is brought home to me when an apologetic knock at the door is followed by Istuion. "There is," he begins, but he is interrupted when a dishevelled and exhausted elleth enters the room close on his heels. Her cloak bears the sigil of the Home Guard; she is one of Ellaurë's newly-promoted captains. Ellaurë starts to get to her feet, but the warrior shakes her head. "Legolas," she says breathlessly. "Please." I exchange a quick glance with Ellaurë, who gives me a minute nod, before I get up, bow to my father and slip out of the room. Voronwë and Eredhion emerge from the antechamber opposite, where they sometimes wait if I am in Council. They fall in on either side of me as I lead the elleth down the corridor. I resist the temptation to roll my eyes. There is no safer place in the forest than the stronghold of the Elven-king, and, unlike my bedroom, my study has neither windows nor balconies to admit intruders. But Eredhion and Voronwë have adopted remarkably pessimistic attitudes since Míron's attempt to kill me. The months pass and the seasons change and they show no signs of returning to normalcy. I begin to think they will never return to normalcy where Saeldur is concerned. And, to be fair to them, he has not been helping the situation. Despite his obvious unhappiness, he refuses to discuss the issue with them at all, and when I attempt to talk to him, he only reminds me that I swore to trust him. I let Eredhion enter the study first, and wait for his nod to follow. Sometimes it is best to humour him. I sit, and invite Eglos to sit as well. Eredhion and Voronwë station themselves on either side of me, but at least they do not have blades at the ready. That is an improvement over last week, when Norgalad came to ask me if I would accompany him to Esgaroth to discuss trade terms. Eglos casts them a wary glance. "You may speak freely," I tell her. She hesitates, but she says, "There has been an incursion of Orcs along the southern border – they slipped past the patrols. It was contained. The warriors have finished them all. They allowed none to escape." I wait. So far, this is a report that Eglos should, by rights, have made to Ellaurë. "Triwath has sent a message. The Orcs attacked a group of ellith who had gone to gather herbs." "Was anybody hurt?" "They were bruised and roughly handled, and one of them took a cut to the arm – not a poisoned blade. There is no damage that will not heal, and the warriors who rescued them are uninjured." This still does not explain why she came to me. "Where are they now?" I ask. "Returning to the stronghold – slowly, of necessity. They are safe enough now, but still half a day's ride away. Triwath ordered two warriors to escort them and sent word to us. I despatched a pair of archers to meet the party and see them safely back to the stronghold." It is clear that I will have to be more direct. "There is more," I say. "What have you not told me?" Eglos flushes. "The ellith … Lady Celephindeth and Lady Calathiel were both part of the group." I stiffen. "Are they –" "Neither of them is hurt," Eglos assures me quickly. "Indeed, from Triwath's message, I understand that Calathiel acquitted herself with honour. She had already killed one of the Orcs when the patrol got to them. Lady Celephindeth, he says, is in shock but unharmed." "I do not believe she has encountered Orcs before," I murmur. "Thank you, Eglos. Who else was with them?" "Lady Riros and her daughter Iúleth," Eglos says. "You will…" "I will handle it, Eglos. Thank you. You may go." Eglos bows and leaves. "To whom will you speak first?" Eredhion demands when the door has shut behind her. "Saeldur or Lord Thorontur?" "I had best return to Council. I can speak to Lord Thorontur when it is done. Then I will see Saeldur. At least I can reassure him that Lady Celephindeth has come to no harm." Eredhion presses his lips together, and Voronwë scowls, but neither of them says anything. None of the Council members react as, with a murmured apology to the King, I slip back into my chair. The session does not last much longer. There is a brief discussion about the reassignments of some of the captains, and then my father dismisses the Council. Lady Ellaurë, Lord Thorontur and Lord Arbellason stay when the others have left the room. "I take it there is no direct danger to anybody," Lady Ellaurë says, "or you would surely have told us at once." "There is no danger," I confirm. "Not anymore. There was an orc incursion and some ellith were attacked, but the warriors got to them in time. There has been no permanent injury, nothing that cannot easily be healed." "Calathiel?" Lord Thorontur asks. There is no hiding the fear in his voice. Calathiel is the youngest of his children, and, unlike Feredir, she has never been trained in combat. "She went out two days ago." I nod. "But there is no need to fear, my lord," I go on quickly. "Eglos assured me that she is well. She held off the Orcs successfully until Triwath's patrol could reach her. They are only a few hours' ride from the stronghold now." Lord Thorontur lets out a breath. "All the same, Legolas, speak to the trees yourself. I will be easier when you do." I nod again. It is just conceivable, although unlikely, that Triwath understated the seriousness of the situation to keep us from worrying. "What else?" Lord Arbellason demands. I sigh. This is the part I truly dread. "Lady Celephindeth was among those attacked. She is unharmed; nobody has taken serious injury, but… I understand that she did not react well to the attack." "So soon after losing her brothers and Candnaur… No, I imagine she did not react well," says Lady Ellaurë. "Have you spoken to Saeldur?" "I wanted to tell you and Lord Thorontur first, my lady. I will speak to Saeldur now." I glance at Lord Thorontur. "I will send an escort to see them safely home." I do roll my eyes when Eredhion and Voronë dog my