Summary: Aragorn son of Arathorn has been many things: warrior, captain, King, lover, friend, son, father. But more than anything else, he is a man. Disclaimer: Tolkien created the characters and Shakespeare wrote the poetry. I'm just having a bit of fun. This fic is for Cal, to say thank you for being such a wonderful beta! ((hugs)) (I know you don't particularly like Shakespeare, but I hope you won't mind this once!) Many, many thanks to Silivren Tinu, for beta-ing this for me in record time. The Seven Ages of a Man At first the infant, Mewling and puking in the nurse's arms. Elladan hustled the women out of the building. They were women of the Dúnedain. They were accustomed to danger, and they did not panic. They ran quickly and quietly, carrying such of their possessions as they needed to survive. Children who were old enough to walk were led by the hand, babies strapped to their mothers' or aunts' backs. He saw several of them bearing their dead husbands' weapons: swords and shields, bows and knives. The women of the Dúnedain could be fierce fighters if the need arose. Elladan wished he could make them move faster, but he knew they were going as quickly as they could. He tried to contain his impatience; it would have been easier if his sharp Elven ears had not already caught Orc-horns sounding in the distance. He cast an anxious glance to his left. The Chieftain's dwelling was set slightly apart from the rest of the settlement, although it was as small and simple as any house of the Dúnedain. He could see the flicker of a candle in one of the upper windows, a tiny yellow pinprick that cast faint shadows on the wall behind it. Elladan tried not to chew at his bottom lip. The Orc-horns were drawing nearer by the minute. They had very little time. Just as the last woman scrambled out of the village hall, chivvying two small children in front of her, the front door of the Chieftain's house was flung open. The Chieftain's wife ran out, her small son held securely against her hip. She was wearing a full, dark cloak like all the other women, the better to slip unseen into the night. A scabbard dangled from a leather belt around her waist. Elladan did not need to ask to know the sword in it was broken. His twin brother Elrohir hurried out after her. "Quickly," Elladan urged as soon as Gilraen was within hearing distance. "To the horses!" As though the baby heard his words and disapproved, he let out a loud wail. Elladan was certain it had carried through the night to the advancing Orcs; he thought he could hear their tread hasten. Gilraen crooned to the baby, rocking him in her arms, but the grey eyes she raised to Elladan's were anything but gentle. "I do not like running away." There was no time for the niceties of debate, no time for gentle persuasion. "You can stay here and be slaughtered," Elladan said simply. "Not even Elrohir and I are a match for an army such as they are bringing, my lady, and there is nobody near enough to help. It may be wiser to flee and keep vengeance for another day." "Let me take the child," Elrohir offered, gathering Gilraen's baby from her arms. She opened her mouth to protest, but the Elf shook his head firmly. "I will take care of him, my lady. You have my word. Is he not my kinsman, and the last of my uncle's line?" He settled the baby against his shoulder with practised ease. "Do you have somewhere to go? A place of safety?" "We will ride west," Gilraen said, walking towards the horses. "We have friends and kin –" " No. " Elladan did not wait for her to finish. "My lady, the others can ride west if they choose, but you should come with us. Come to Imladris. You will be safe there – he will be safe there." "And abandon my people? I will never do such a thing!" "Lady Gilraen, if we go in a different direction, I think the Orcs will follow us , not the others." Gilraen did not reply, but her expression said the words had sunk in. "Think of your son, Lady Gilraen. Your people need him. He can be properly trained in Imladris, and he will be safe there until he is old enough to defend himself against the Enemy." Gilraen stared at him in silence, her eyes reflecting the light of the stars. When she finally spoke, her voice was quivering with a mixture of fear and grief. "Very well." Then, the whining schoolboy with his satchel And shining morning face, creeping like snail Unwillingly to school. "But why did Thingol wear a grey cloak?" Erestor could have cried. He had thought that the son of the Elven-King of Greenwood was the last child to whom he would attempt to impart history and political science, and when he had declared Legolas' lessons with him at an end he had nearly whooped in joy at the thought of no more questions . Yet here he was, closeted with Estel in the library, and he was finding that mortal children could be just as trying as Elflings. "He only had grey wool," Erestor said. It was the seventh explanation he had tried to get past Estel. Like all the others, it failed. "But I saw a painting of him and Queen Melian in the gallery by the garden. She was wearing a blue gown. They must have had blue wool." Erestor thought he heard a pair of muffled snickers from behind a nearby bookshelf. He scowled. He was sorely tempted to summon Elladan and Elrohir from their hiding-place and order them to take over the lesson. He had done it several times when Legolas had been a child. But that had been different, as he reminded himself with an inward sigh. Legolas had been an Elf-child. Erestor had turned him over to the sons of Elrond in the knowledge that he had ample time to remove any mistaken ideas that they put in his head. With Estel... Erestor had not met many Men – none at all apart from Dúnedain – but he knew that mortal children grew up sooner than Elflings. He had a great deal to teach Estel in very little time and, unlike with Legolas, he was not imparting the principles of statecraft and governance in the expectation – and fervent hope – that his pupil would never have to use the knowledge. "It was a different dye," he tried, because he knew Estel would not let him say anything on the subject of Thingol's laws until the matter of the grey cloak had been resolved. "The gown was fine linen. The blue dye was not meant to be used on wool." "Why not?" Had Erestor not been a wise and noble Elf-lord, he would have torn his hair. As it was, he buried his head in his hands with a groan. After a moment, he had a flash of inspiration. "If you promise to pay attention to the rest of the lesson, I will tell you how you can find out about Thingol's grey cloak." He waited for a confirmatory nod before he continued. "For the next hour, we are going to talk about the laws Thingol made to help keep his people safe and happy. If you have any questions, write them down. When we have finished, go to the other side of that bookshelf." Erestor pointed. "There you will find two foolish Elves – who are not going to move ," he added, raising his voice. "They will answer all your questions. Does that sound acceptable?" Erestor could not keep a wicked smile from spreading across his face when Estel nodded eagerly. And then the lover, Sighing like furnace, with a woeful ballad Made to his mistress' eyebrow. He was Aragorn, son of Arathorn. He was the last descendant of Elendil and Isildur, rightful Chieftain of the Dúnedain, born to be King of Gondor and Arnor. He was wise for his years, a skilled and brave warrior, and handsome enough that girls made eyes at him when he and his brothers rode through mortal villages. He was all this, and yet he was not enough, because she was so much more. She was Arwen Undómiel, the Evenstar of her people, and Aragorn knew that no words in the tongues of Men or Elves would ever be sufficient to describe her beauty. She was Arwen Undómiel, with eyes that sparkled like stars of twilight and hair as dark as midnight. She was tall and slender, clad in white and girt with silver. She was the child of two races, Men and Elves; she had the passion and fierceness of one and the grace and dignity of the other. Aragorn knew he had to have her, and he knew it was hopeless, because why would a creature so lovely, so splendid, give up immortality to be with one as unworthy as him? Aragorn knew he had to have her, and he could not help hoping, because he thought he had seen a flicker of something in her eyes when she looked at him. Perhaps it was only curiosity. She had never met a Man before. But perhaps – perhaps ... Yet he did not speak. Whenever he stood before her with a full heart, he found himself on the verge of saying something. He never did, because he could never find the words. What could he say? I love you? "Love" was such a mild word for what he felt. Marry me? How could he ask it of her? How could he, who had nothing to offer but a broken sword and a cottage on the plains of Eriador, ask the Lady of Imladris and Lórien to give up immortality for a few brief years with him? His mother knew, because Gilraen always knew. There was no advice she could give. She was wise, and she would have helped him if she could have done, her own misgivings notwithstanding, but she knew nothing of how Elf-maidens liked to be wooed. His foster-father would have known – had not Elrond wooed and won one of the fairest Elves in Middle-earth, the daughter of Galadriel herself? But Aragorn did not dare ask him for advice, not when success would mean Elrond having to part from his beloved daughter for all eternity. For the same reason Aragorn could not ask his foster-brothers, either, and feared to ask any Elf. And then one day, standing in the eaves of Lothlórien on a carpet of fallen elanor blossoms, the shades of twilight descending around him and Arwen standing before him with eyes that spoke volumes, Aragorn realized that it did not matter that he was mortal or that he had no words. They were caught in an age of war, an age of change, an age when Elrond and his kin would sail across the Sundering Sea to the Elvenhome. Arwen's time of choosing was nigh. Aragorn knew he was unworthy. He knew that he should not encourage her to give up immortality for him. He knew – But when she finally vowed to forsake the Elven Twilight to cleave to him, all Aragorn felt was gratitude, relief, and more love than he had believed possible. It might be foolish. Their time together might be brief. But they would be together, in Middle-earth and after it, and that could never be a bad thing. Then a soldier, Full of strange oaths, and bearded like the pard, Seeking the bubble reputation Even in the cannon's mouth. For all the oddness of their trio, Aragorn could not have chosen two better companions for the desperate chase through the wilds of Middle-earth. Legolas ran easily beside him,