Disclaimer: I own nothing. Summary: The Rangers are expecting a new weapons master. When he arrives, they find him not quite what they bargained for. Many thanks to my wonderful beta, Calenlass, for her patient work on this, and to Silivren Tinu for the invaluable loan of Tuilinn. *hugs* Part I: An Unusual Man A Settlement of the Dúnedain in Eriador "Why is he not here yet?" one of the boys demanded. For what he was certain was at least the fiftieth time that evening, Thandraug explained. "He is coming from very far away. He lives in one of the outlying villages. He may have been delayed on the road." "But Lord Aragorn is here already!" another boy protested. "And he said he would come at the end of next week to see how far we had progressed. If the new weapons master does not arrive today, we will not have time to learn anything to show him!" "Lord Aragorn will understand better than any other that unexpected things may happen on a long journey." "Have you ever met him, Master Thandraug?" "Your new weapons master?" Thandraug asked. "No. My travelling days ended a very long time ago." He indicated his left leg. A hunting accident when he had been no more than twenty had left him with a bad limp, incapable of the speed and stealth necessary for the Rangers who patrolled the borders of Eriador. "I am told he is a valiant warrior and a fine swordsman. I expect you will enjoy his lessons." "There!" one of the boys said suddenly, pointing. A lone rider was coming up the road, looking around as though uncertain where to go. "Do you think that is the weapons master? He is a little slender to be a swordsman," Thandraug commented. "But perhaps he only seems so when he is riding. One of you had better go and show him the way here." On the word, no fewer than half a dozen boys vaulted over the fence and ran down the road to the rider. Thandraug watched with amusement as they waylaid him. Without explaining anything or giving him the chance to speak, two of them seized his horse's bridle. At first the horse set its ears back, refusing to move, but a touch from its master calmed it and it allowed the boys to lead it in the direction of the training field. Thandraug swung open the gate so that the horse could enter. The rider dismounted as soon as he was through the gate. He reached up to soothe the horse. The presence of the boys seemed to be making it skittish, although Thandraug could not imagine why. Any horse bred in a Ranger settlement was accustomed to children. The boys, at a gesture from Thandraug, scattered, to make it easier for the newcomer to settle the animal. Thandraug took the opportunity to study the new weapons master. He was indeed as slender as he had appeared, making the Dúnadan wonder how he could possibly stand up to the rigours of Ranger life. His bright golden hair was bound in warrior braids after the Elven fashion, which, with the sons of Elrond frequent visitors to the various settlements in Eriador, had been adopted by many of the younger Rangers. He carried a bow, a quiver and two hunting knives in a sheath on his back. He wore a light cloak with the hood halfway up, but other than that he had no protection against the cold, which was biting enough that even Lord Aragorn and the most hardened Rangers were wearing heavy coats. Once the horse had settled down, the young man turned to Thandraug. "I hope you will excuse the rough greeting," Thandraug said, holding out his hand. "You must be Suiadan." "Oh. Well, then, I suppose I must be," the young man said, grasping Thandraug's hand with the unsure clasp of one doing it for the first time. Something about his speech struck Thandraug as odd, although he could not determine what it was. "I fear I do not know who you are." "I am Thandraug. I am responsible for the other aspects of the boys' training." "Oh," The young man repeated. There was a pause before he went on, again with that unusual intonation. "Do you know why I am here? I believe they forgot to tell me when I left." Thandraug frowned. Halbarad had spoken highly of Suiadan's skill with all types of weapons and of his proven ability as a tactician and a battle strategist; that was why Thandraug had specifically asked for him. Surely Halbarad had not recommended an idiot? "I was given to understand that you were coming to teach the young men how to fight," he said a little stiffly. "That was what Lord Aragorn told me, at any rate." Suiadan beamed. "And of course Lord Aragorn is never wrong, so that must be why I am here. Thank you so much." Thandraug's doubts were growing stronger by the minute. "Are you certain? You seem a little... young... to be a weapons master." "That is a trick of the light," Suiadan explained blithely. "I am old enough to be twenty weapons masters. At least. How old does one have to be in order to be a weapons master?" "There is not a specified age," Thandraug explained, feeling more and more as though he had wandered into some strange dream. "It is expected that you will have many years of battle experience. That is necessary in order to teach the young what they need to know." "I think I can safely assure you that I do not lack battle experience. When do I begin?" "As soon as you are able – tomorrow, perhaps? You will definitely need rest today. You have had a long journey. I will show you where you can eat and sleep." "I ate on the way," Suiadan said calmly. "And I am not in the least tired. We can begin now." Thandraug opened his mouth to protest, gave up the idea, and closed it again. "Very well," he said weakly. "If you are certain that you do not need rest, we will begin now. There are still several hours until dusk." "What happens at dusk?" Thandraug stared. "Unless we have a night training session planned, we send the boys to their homes to dine and sleep. Is this not the way things are done in your village?" Suiadan nodded enthusiastically. "Of course. I am so sorry. I forgot. The boys must sleep. I imagine I will have to, as well." "That would be advisable," Thandraug managed to say. "Your days will be rigorous. Let me show you where you can stable your horse. Your quarters are near Lord Halbarad's, and so is the stable." "Lord Halbarad uses that stable for his horse?" "We all do. There is only one stable, but it is more than large enough for our needs. Even Lord Aragorn keeps his horse there." "Oh." Suiadan seemed to consider this for a moment. "I think my horse would be happier outdoors. He does not like stables. They are too... too hot. And they smell of hay." With that extraordinary pronouncement, Suiadan turned to his horse and rubbed its muzzle. Thandraug noticed for the first time that the horse had no saddle. All Suiadan had with him was in a small pack he carried. "You can go where you like, Tuilinn, but stay close enough for me to call you. And keep out of the way ." Suiadan uttered the last few words with a mischievous twinkle in his eye, one Thandraug would have sworn the horse returned. With a shake of his head, he cantered away. "I do not know if anybody told you," Thandraug said cautiously, eyeing the little pack, "but winters can get very cold here. You will have to wrap up well. Perhaps they are milder in your part of Eriador? I would be happy to lend you any warm clothing you need." "I was warned of the cold," Suiadan said. "I have brought an extra cloak." "An extra cloak," Thandraug repeated faintly. "I see. Do you have your sword in that as well?" "I am expected to carry a sword?" "We were told that it was your favoured weapon. I had hoped that you would help the boys..." "In that case I shall, of course, teach the boys to use the sword. My father insists that I am an appalling swordsman, but you must not take his word for it. I doubt he would say so to you, anyway. He is always wary in the presence of strangers." "But," Thandraug said, ignoring most of Suiadan's words, "where is your sword?" "Ah, yes, my sword. I... I lost my sword on the journey. Men lose things." Suiadan nodded, as though confirming something to himself. "I only lost my sword. I have known men to lose larger things than swords." "... And then he said he would use his hunting knives to spar with the boys. His hunting knives ." The group of men around the small fire chuckled, and one of them said, "If he is that strange, why do you not tell Lord Aragorn or Lord Halbarad? They can send for somebody else." "Because he is a skilled warrior," Thandraug admitted. "I saw that much today. What can I complain to Lord Aragorn about? That he only wears a light cloak while the rest of us are in eight layers of clothing? That he ate an alarmingly little amount of dinner before declaring himself full?" He took a swig from his mug of ale. "Lord Aragorn will consider those frivolous complaints. I will be the one in trouble." "Perhaps he has taken an injury to the head," another man suggested. "That can make people behave oddly. There have been reports of landslides to the east. He may have been caught in one on his journey." "That is possible," Thandraug said thoughtfully. "I must ask him if he is injured." Suiadan, sitting in his quarters, was writing a letter by lamplight. ... You were right. They are strange in this part of Eriador. They have been spending the past two hours sitting by their campfires – I am surprised they have not roasted themselves by now – drinking their ale. Voluntarily drinking that ale. I have not yet met Lord Aragorn, which is all to the good. I do not know how long I will be able to keep this up. I was told he was expecting me... "Some consider the sword an unwieldy weapon," Suiadan said, standing before the boys and Thandraug in the grey pre-dawn light, twirling one of his knives idly in his left hand. " Some consider that only fools, Men and Noldor use the sword." "Is that not a saying common among the archers of Mirkwood, Master Suiadan?" one of the boys asked. To Thandraug's surprise, the briefest of frowns flickered across Suiadan's face. It was the first time he had seen the young Ranger displeased. But the expression was gone so quickly he thought he must have imagined it. "Yes," Suiadan said, his voice just as light as it had been earlier. "That is a saying common among the archers of... Mirkwood. Of course, this does not prevent their weapons masters from insisting that they learn the sword... That, however, is neither here nor there, since I have been told that I must teach you both the sword and the bow. Thandraug tells me that we need more light for archery practice, so we will begin with the sword. Would somebody like to spar with me?" The oldest of the boys stepped forward. "Are you sure you would not like to use my sword?" Thandraug asked. The boy was not quite as tall as Suiadan, but he was considerably broader. Thandraug did not want to see the young weapons master lose to brute force, as was certain