The Case of the Silver Letters Emyn Arnen, Autumn, F.A. 14 The whole affair happened shortly after my older brother left to spend a year at our uncle's court in Edoras. I was disconsolate without my chief accomplice. Elboron and I were close in age and thick as thieves. My younger brother, Léof, was a self-sufficient boy with no particular need for my company, and, besides, was always off on some business of his own and therefore never to be found. Mother and Father, not insensitive to my mood, and as far as their numerous duties allowed, tried various distractions in the way of hearty expeditions around the countryside, instructive trips to town, and so on, and so on, but to no avail. My bad temper carried on throughout summer and threatened autumn. The simple truth was that I was lonely without Bron, and I was beginning to ponder, as I entered my fourteenth year, what purpose I might have. There I stood, one foot still in childhood, the other in womanhood, and it was not easy to see what was supposed to happen next. Bron's fortnightly letters, detailing his adventures, did not help. No doubt, left to my own devices, I would have sulked well into the new year, but the arrival of my father's cousin from Dol Amroth in the weeks leading up to yáviérë brought a most welcome change to the scenery of Emyn Arnen. Prince Amrothos was the kind of man to warm the heart of any child. Unbothered by protocol, etiquette, decorum, or nicety, he was interested in just about everything else: the world, the stars, language, mathematics, mechanics, explosions, and any creature that happened to hop, jump, clatter, slither, or crawl past his ever-curious eye. At that time, I recall, he was coming to the end of a lengthy examination of the different aspects taken on by blood when allowed to dry for varying periods of time. The ghoulish paraphernalia arising from this experiment were gleefully brought out during dinner on the first night of his visit to the shrieking horror of the housemaids, the grave amusement of Father, and the frank bafflement of Mother. Surely it does not need to be said how we three children adored him. Autumn, then, looked set to be much merrier than summer, and indeed Ithilien was beautiful that year, and I more ready now to revel in the many colours and beauties of the season. Love and duty may take me for long periods to the City, but home will always be Ithilien, that green garden country that my mother and my father together coaxed back to life from the weeds and ruins left by war. How happily I walked its woods and fields, wandered its groves and orchards, and drank from its clear cold streams. Often my father's cousin came with me, and then our walks became voyages of discovery, for Amrothos could tell me more about the trees and plants around us than even my father, who I believe could have walked safely around Ithilien blindfolded. How marvellous to discover that the countryside I knew so well contained so much more than I had ever imagined. Even Léof deigned to join us on our rambles now and again. August turned to September, and we caught the first sniff of chill air from the north, and looked forward to the festival coming at the end of the month. But before that, we received another visitor, this time from the City, and one nowhere near so welcome as Amrothos. The Lord Turgon had been a friend of my father's late cousin Hador, who had died towards the end of the War. Turgon had come to Ithilien to investigate purchasing an estate south of Emyn Arnen. Land in Ithilien was still cheap at the time, on account of the traps and snares and poisoned waters – the Enemy's handiwork – that still fouled corners of the country, and my father was always keen to attract new settlers. But the people he preferred were of a certain type: hands-on, eager to be full parties to the work being done to build the newest Princedom of the realm. Within a matter of minutes, it was clear that while Turgon certainly possessed excellent manners and great wit, and most assuredly desired to own land across the river, he was hardly likely to become resident in such an uncouth, untamed country as ours. For his dead cousin's sake, my father welcomed Turgon into our home as his guest, but I knew from the careful reserve that I detected in his manner towards him, not to mention my mother's slight frost, that neither of them found the man particularly appealing. Turgon held no interest for Amrothos, who therefore ignored him entirely. On only one occasion did Amrothos show he had even noticed the man's existence. Turgon was giving an account of his journey that day to survey a small estate to the south-west of our hills. On the whole he had been pleased with what he found: good fishing, olive groves that were not beyond repair, plenty of potential to build and rent, and sufficiently close to the ferry over to the Harlond that he might make the trip from the City easily in a day and therefore not have to stay. I did not miss the look that passed between my parents at that point, nor the slight opening of his palm with which my father gently asked my mother to refrain from speaking her mind. But the estate was not what had most interested Turgon during his trip, and certainly not what caught Amrothos' attention. "I decided to come back along the river road rather than take the old road through the hills," Turgon told us, "but it took rather longer than I had expected and so, reaching a small village where the way meets the road coming down from the Harlond, I stopped to find some refreshment. And there, sitting outside the inn and sunning himself, I saw an old man – Valar, he was ninety if he was a day! – with a shock of snow-white hair on his head, but as grey-eyed as you or I, sir, and going by the name of Belecthor, no less! Fine country this, where even the most rustic seem to have a drop of the old blood in them!" My father ran his finger-tip along his cheekbone. "I know him," he said quietly, "and his family. They were amongst the last to leave when Ithilien was overrun. All the men were rangers and his grandson died at the breaking of the bridge." "Indeed?" said Turgon, clearly not much interested in this piece of local knowledge. "Certainly the old man knew the area well. We fell to talking, and I explained that I was enjoying the hospitality of you and your lovely lady—" he gave my mother a charming smile which she returned with a rather wolfish one of her own, "—whereupon he was proud to inform me that his ancestors had served yours up at the old hall for many generations." "Indeed," said my father, to whom this was plainly not news. "And furthermore he told me about the curious game that the children of his family used to play in the grounds of the old building." A line appeared between my father's brows. "A game?" "Why yes," Turgon said carelessly. "Each full moon they would go to a certain spot in the garden, and turn about several times, whilst reciting some riddle. Remarkable! Had you not heard tell of this?" "I had not," my father said, and, from the slight tightness appearing around his lips, and the deepening of the line between his brows, I guessed he was irked that some part of the lore of Ithilien had eluded him, and that a man such as Turgon should be the one to enlighten him. Naturally he conveyed none of this displeasure to Turgon, and, besides, he would not have had the chance, for at this moment Amrothos spoke up. "The riddle," he said. "What was the riddle?" Turgon looked at him in complete surprise, since this was the first time Amrothos had spoken to him directly throughout the whole fortnight. Hitherto Turgon had treated Amrothos with a kind of indulgent perplexity, but now, finding himself being addressed by the son of the Lord of Western Gondor, he became anxious to commend himself. He opened his mouth to reply, whereupon Amrothos raised his hand, and said, "Wait." Reaching into the pocket of his tunic, he drew out a crumpled and grubby piece of paper and a very tatty pen. He peered at the nib of this and then chewed it slightly. Next, he smoothed out the paper on the table top, pored over the contents, and struck out a few lines. "A drop of the old wine, Lord Turgon?" my mother said, her accent more marked than usual. Our bewildered guest accepted gladly. Amrothos, finishing his close study of his paper, waved his pen at Turgon. "Continue. Describe the game, please, as closely as you can. And then recount the riddle." Turgon's jaw hung slackly for a moment, and then he collected himself. "Ah, yes, of course. As I say, his ancestors would go into the garden at full moon, and there turn about a number of times—" "How many, please? And which way?" "As I recall, there were five separate sets of turns – no, six! – after which a number of steps had to be taken." "Steps? How many? In which direction? No, first, we must know the starting point, what was the starting point?" Turgon looked around the table at the rest of us. We smiled back blandly and offered no aid. "I'm... afraid I did not ask." Amrothos sighed deeply and put down his pen. "You are not very observant, are you, Lord Turgon?" he said, crossly. "Is that the best that you can do?" "My apologies, sir..." "Did you not think to write down what the old man said? I would have thought that when presented with an unusual custom from such a remarkable and, more importantly, ageing source, anyone of sense would take the trouble to write his words down—" At this point, my father leaned forwards in his seat. "Perhaps, Amrothos," he said gently, "it had been a long ride and a long day." Amrothos gave my father a puzzled look, and then appeared to take the hint that was being dropped so heavily. "Hmm." Picking up his pen and paper, he shoved them back in his pocket, and frowned down at his dinner. "Well," he said, after a moment or two, "I suppose I can always ride out there later in the week and take it down myself. You'll be too busy to join me, I imagine, cousin?" "Alas, duty calls. I must be in the City for a few days at the end of the week." "Hmm," Amrothos said again. Then, more hopefully: "Tomorrow?" Father held up his hands. "Tomorrow I spend the day amidst bailiffs and sheriffs." "Morwen," said my mother softly, "perhaps you might go?" "Oh yes, please!" I said, for I had been longing to offer, but unwilling to intrude upon any opportunity my father had to spend time with his cousin. My father loved Amrothos' company, but the demands upon his time were so great that he rarely had the chance to do whatever he liked. And to my delight, Amrothos was well pleased at the offer of this other companion. "Excellent! Yes, very good! For Morwen ," he finished pointedly, "pays attention to detail." Turgon departed for the City the next morning, and our house heaved a sigh of relief and relaxed. Father went off to run the gauntlet of local officialdom, leaving myself and Amrothos with strict instructions to come and find him as soon as we were home with a report of our meeting with Belecthor.