A sequel to Isabeau's story Noble Jewel : Faramir comes face to face with Brand. Also connecting up with our story arc Best-Loved Son , co-written with Dwimordene. Happy extremely belated birthday, Isabeau! o-0-o- The Lost Minas Tirith, March 3020 My love, forgive this very hasty end to my letter. I had hoped to give you more news from Ithilien, but the pages before this one (several, I see now) will have to suffice. A matter has arisen which will take me away from the City for a few weeks. A letter came at the start of the week from my uncle in Dol Amroth, and it contained strange news. To put the matter plainly – his armsmaster, Andrahar, whom you met here in the City, believes he has found a young boy who may be my brother's son. My uncle, having seen the boy (who is, I understand, twelve years of age), writes that he too believes that this is Boromir's son. I told you at Edoras how it stood between my brother and Andrahar. My heart tells me that in his loss, Andrahar has found this boy, that there is some likeness to my brother there, and that he seeks to ease his sorrow in this way. I cannot find it in me to blame him. My uncle's certainty is less easy to explain. He writes that the boy shows a resemblance to my brother; that is not proof in itself – but he writes also that the boy has dreamt of the Wave, of which we have spoken in the past. But this, to my mind, is also not proof. I fear my uncle does not wish to dash Andrahar's hopes too cruelly, but the matter is now complicated in that he has chosen to tell the boy his parentage. I might wish he had consulted me first, but the deed is now done. It is for this matter that I make the journey to Dol Amroth, in the hope of settling the matter once and for all. If the lad does turn out to be my brother's son, then I have duties towards him as his nearest kin – not least because I am, as yet, without an heir. Although I am loath to leave both the City and Ithilien at this time, the King has urged me to see this matter resolved, and certainly before our wedding. I leave for Dol Amroth once the new year has come, and will be there at most a fortnight. Beloved, I would ask you, please, to write to me, so that a letter reaches me here in the City on my return. If the boy indeed turns out to be my brother's son, it may well be that he will have to come to Minas Tirith. I would hear your thoughts on this. Éowyn, I count the days until you are beside me. Despite the peace, despite my joy in there being a King and Queen in Gondor once again, your absence from me has been a sore trial. Forgive my haste in closing this letter, but let me say it plainly – I miss you, I love you, I am – Your Faramir o-0-o- Belfalas, April 3020 The night was cloudless and the Sea calm. Fair Ithil hung high and full in the western sky, trailing a silver path out across the water. All along the line of the bay the lanterns were glowing; at the far side, a beacon marked the point of the headland, guiding the traveller home. The wind rose, and the Sea whispered a welcome. The town too was lit in the night, all the way up the hill, with the castle in splendour at the crown. Reaching the top, a horseman passed through the last gates and clattered across the cobbles of the courtyard. As he drew to a halt, another man hastened from the hall to greet him. Barely had the horseman dismounted when he was drawn into an embrace – and then he was held a little distant, whilst the other studied his face. He waited patiently, smiling back, indulging the inspection. "Faramir," Imrahil said, at last, and warmly. "It is good to have you here again." "And I am glad to be back," Faramir said, grasping his uncle's arm. "Come inside, son! All the family is waiting to see you—" Faramir frowned and halted. " All the family? Has Chiron returned?" There was the merest breath of a pause, and then: "No," Imrahil said. "Has there been any word—?" "Not yet – But come now, Faramir!" Imrahil patted his nephew's arm and smiled. "We shall not speak of that this evening! Let us welcome you home first!" They made their way inside; each of them, perhaps, a little lost in thought. After only a few steps, Faramir halted. "Uncle – will the boy be here tonight?" "Not tonight," Imrahil said, drawing him further in. "It's late. And the children wished to have you to themselves. You can meet him in the morning." Dinner was a cheerful affair, as the family welcomed Faramir back amongst them, but some absences could not help but be felt. Imrahil, looking at the family he had gathered there, found that his thoughts strayed often to his second son; Faramir, too, was a little preoccupied, thinking no doubt of the boy that was not present. After dinner, Imrahil took a bottle of brandy and drew his nephew into a private parlour. "You're troubled, son," he said, as he filled their glasses. "About meeting Brand, I should think?" "In part," Faramir admitted. "But I am uneasy in my mind as to whether this boy is indeed my brother's." "I understand," Imrahil soothed. "My own first thought was that Andra had seen a boy with some resemblance to your brother, and had convinced himself that he was Boromir's son—" "Yes," Faramir murmured, "that had crossed my mind also." "But once I saw Brand myself—" "Yet many of Númenorean descent pass through Pelargir," Faramir pointed out. "And also through its brothels." "Not all of them carrying handkerchiefs sewn by Nimrien—" Imrahil raised his hand when he saw Faramir begin to shake his head, "—and not all of whom could pass on through their blood the dream of the Wave. Faramir, I am sure that this is your brother's son." "And yet these are not whole proofs. And I am afraid, too, that you may have let your heart overrule your judgement in this." "Oh yes?" Imrahil raised an eyebrow and sipped at his brandy. "In what way?" "By being unwilling to dash Andrahar's hopes – but there is more than Andra riding on this. What if when I meet this boy tomorrow I cannot in good faith acknowledge him as Boromir's son? Where will he stand then?" "Faramir, you are creating difficulties for yourself where there are none. I am sure;Andra himself is sure enough to have made Brand his heir! Surely all these things must convince you?" "His heir ?" Faramir frowned and bit at his lip. He stared down into his glass for a while, and then drained it. "You wrote in your letter that the boy's mother has a 'brood' of children." "Yes, indeed; five more, if I recall correctly." "Five?" Faramir pursed his lips. "My line expands by the second. Tell me – does Andra mean to adopt any more of them?" "Faramir!" Imrahil looked at his nephew in surprise, and Faramir looked back unrepentantly. Dissent was rife in the ranks at the moment, Imrahil thought. They sat for a while in silence, and then Imrahil reached across to fill his nephew's glass. "Give me some credit – I would not have told him if I had not been certain." Faramir stared down into the glass for a while, and then he sighed. "I'm sure you did what you thought was best," he said. "But... perhaps you might have waited to hear my thoughts first. And Éowyn's, too; this concerns her now, and I have only had time to write to her, not even to hear her wishes—" "Éowyn of all people would not begrudge a fatherless child being given a safe home. And Brand has a home here, with us – neither of you will be burdened at the start of your marriage." Imrahil smiled. "It is natural to be troubled on account of your new bride. But Éowyn will understand." "Perhaps. But you've taken a great deal on trust, uncle. I wish we might have moved more slowly on this matter." "Wait until tomorrow," Imrahil coaxed. "Wait until you see him!" It seemed to ease his nephew's mind. But then, Imrahil thought, Faramir always came round in the end – given time, and guidance. o-0-o- In the morning, news came to the Prince of Dol Amroth that the Foam-flyer had put into Pelargir, but only for a short while, and it had now departed. At the door to his library, Imrahil read the dispatch one more time and then, with a sigh, tucked the paper into his belt. No word had been sent to Belfalas from the ship's captain. With a heavy heart, Imrahil opened the door and went inside. Fresh, clean air and bright morning sunlight greeted him. Other men – other lords – might choose to keep their books in dark and dusty vaults, but Imrahil and his forefathers had seen no need to suffer for their scholarship. The library was spacious, comfortable; a place where men might come to read, but come to talk also. It had the benefit, too, of being safe ground for the meeting that was about to take place for both of the parties concerned. Imrahil had met his armsmaster's ward here on several occasions now, and it had always been his first port of call when seeking out his nephew. And in a chair by the window, a man was sitting and waiting, reading. He was very still, very upright, a dark silhouette against the morning sun. Imrahil shivered, and caught his breath. At the sound, the man turned his head, saw him, and smiled. He closed his book and rose to greet his uncle. Tall, and dressed in black; the Steward indeed, Imrahil thought, with sudden impatience. "Faramir," he said, barely keeping the irritation from his voice, "could you not have tried to look a little less severe?" Faramir looked down at himself. He fingered the white edging on his sleeve and frowned. "Severe? I didn't intend—" "Too late to worry now," Imrahil said. "But if you could remember the boy's youth and that he is not yet entirely familiar with the ways of the court, I would be grateful—" The door to the library opened. "This will be Andrahar now, with Brand." Andra had had the boy clean up particularly well, he thought approvingly; Brand would be making a good first impression. Imrahil gave him a smile of encouragement, but the boy was staring past him. The sunlight falling on the boy's hair lent a brownish tinge to the black that Imrahil had not noticed before; a legacy from his mother, most likely, he thought. "Faramir," Imrahil said, still smiling down at the boy, "this is Brandmir. Or Brand," he added. He watched Brand closely. Perhaps he looked a little pale, Imrahil thought. And he seemed to be going paler. Uneasily, Imrahil turned to take a look at his nephew. Faramir was staring down at the boy. His face had gone completely white. He appeared, to Imrahil's eye, to be in shock. For a moment, Imrahil was at a loss what to do. His nephew had always been expert in concealing his innermost thoughts. Imrahil had taken the trouble to learn how to read him but he had never, he thought, seen him so unguarded before. "Son?" he said, softly, and not to Brand. It seemed to bring his nephew back to himself. Faramir blinked, raised his hand to cover his mouth,