Old Soldiers Minas Tirith, Fourth Age 13 There were two chess sets on display in the Steward's House. The first (very stately and mysterious, fashioned from metal and glass) had been the old man's and, until his last years, one of his most prized possessions. These days it was never used. It stood in a bay window in the library, where visiting dignitaries and indigenous children could stop to wonder at the craftsmanship. The second (of less antiquity but still significant historical interest) could be found in the Steward's study. Nearby was a comfortable armchair, suitable for long hours sitting in quiet contemplation, whenever the opportunity arose (rarely, these days). This board invariably showed a game in progress. Most often this was in the Steward's favour; sometimes (if the opposition was his cousin, Amrothos, or his Queen) a closer battle was underway. "But surely neither of these," said Amrothos, one day after the war, "is the one upon which you played me during all those years in the field, Faramir? Neither strikes me as particularly portable." They were sitting in the study round the chequered board, with a second chair pulled up and the endgame imminent. Perched on a stool beside them, a little boy with a long blond fringe glared at the game as if it held the secret of life itself. Outside, it was raining, very hard. "Indeed, no," Faramir replied, somewhat absently, fingertip straying between captain and pawn. "There was another set, suited for that purpose. Boromir had it made for me when I joined the company. He said he couldn't bear to think of me without a chess set. Like the Sun without the Moon, or egg without bacon." "And does this set still exist?" Swiftly, Faramir moved his pawn. He pondered the matter while his cousin considered his move. "Certainly I had it when we fled Ithilien, and it was not at Henneth Annûn when at last I was able to return. So I must assume it came home with me..." He shrugged. "Who knows where it may be now? For all I know it fell from my pack somewhere on the Pelennor. A shame," he said, wistfully. "I would not have lost any gift of my brother's." Amrothos took the pawn and Faramir promptly pushed a captain forwards. The little boy at their side drew in a breath. "My game, I think, Rothos." "Your game, most certainly! Lost to me from that error with the rook near the start..." They hunched over the board, putting pieces back where once they had been, examining the damage done. The little boy watching murmured their moves back to them. "Perhaps we should find it," Rothos said, after a while. "Find what?" "Your missing chess set." Faramir settled back comfortably in his chair and stretched out his legs. "Oh, that is long gone! Besides, I wouldn't know where to start." "That is easy enough. You said it was in your possession when you left Ithilien—" "More than a decade ago! A great deal has happened in the meantime." "So either you lost it on the journey home, in which case it is indeed gone for good, or else it arrived with you in the City, and likely has remained here ever since. In which case it might be found. We could still retrace your steps. What did you do upon arrival?" Faramir turned to look out at the rain. "I met with my father. An unforgettable meeting. Then I slept, badly. In the morning the council met, after which I left for Osgiliath." "And where might your pack have been throughout?" "My pack? Rothos, you understand that the City was coming under siege at the time and I had lately risen to the post of Captain-General?" "Yet you are not a careless man. Where was your pack?" "On my back, and then no longer on my back." Faramir shifted forwards in his seat and began to arrange the pieces back in their starting position. "I know how you enjoy a puzzle, but I fear this one is beyond even your skill to solve. Much is lost in war that cannot ever be restored. And we live with that." "Still," Amrothos replied, "I should like to try." He glanced at the third of their company, who had been listening with care throughout, and the little boy nodded an agreement firm enough to set his fringe flying. "And so should Léof." Through narrowed eyes, Faramir studied his companions, who looked guilelessly back. "'The Quest for the Missing Pieces', is it?" He sighed and pushed himself up from his chair. "Very well. The rain falls, the afternoon stretches before us, and the Steward of Gondor – surely – has nothing better to do than go in search of a chess set that must by now be sunk deep into the mud of the Pelennor." They left the Steward's study and went into the hall. The boy bounced on ahead, halting at the foot of the stairs and swinging round the lowest wrought-iron railing as the men followed. "Where did you sleep that night?" Rothos said. "In the Citadel?" "No, I came here. Home. I thought I might rest better at home." Amrothos tapped a long finger against his cheek. "But stopping at the Citadel first. It is possible that you left your pack there, I suppose—" "I had much on my mind at the time." "But in that case it would surely have been sent after you. Whether you brought it yourself or it was sent, I imagine it must have come at last to your old rooms. They were up the west side, were they not?" "They were indeed." The boy, needing no further direction, shot up the stairs. The two men followed more slowly, Faramir at the rear. "You might recall, cousin, that the house has been extensively remodelled in the past few years." "I do recall. I think your architect has done a marvellous job, and you and your lady wife have made impeccable decisions throughout. The place used to be so gloomy! Now it is exquisite, and to such an extent that I believe in a hundred years or so, these halls will be held up as exemplifying early Restoration taste—" "By which I mean," Faramir said, perhaps slightly sharply, "that the depredations of war notwithstanding, one stray soldier's pack might not have survived the process of clearance and renovation which followed." "Nobody would throw anything out without your permission, Faramir. And since we have already established that you have not seen your pack to give permission for its destruction, we may proceed on the basis of its continued existence." Faramir, reaching the top of the stairs, paused and sighed. "Must you always make sense?" "When I stop making sense, you may begin to worry." "Hmm." Turning left at the top of the stairs, they headed towards the west end of the house. "'Exemplifying early Restoration taste'," Faramir said. "Is that to be my monument?" "If you will not write your epic, Faramir," Amrothos said testily, "it will have to do." Again the Steward sighed. "My epic? If only there were time..." The corridor was long and passed at intervals through several archways. The walls were white, and hung with a series of small tapestries, in abstract designs. After the third archway, the corridor bent slightly to the left, an oddity of construction from when the west side was added to the main house. Three steps led upwards, and then the corridor continued on its way. "You picked a distant corner of the house," Rothos remarked. "I liked the quiet," Faramir replied. He reached down to brush his hand against the top of his small son's head. "No chance of that these days!" The boy – a calm, unjudging child – gave his father a Look. Faramir's former bedroom, or what was in its place after the renovation, was now a pleasant guest room, with long windows facing north, and fine white drapes to block the summer sun. The walls were painted white, making a striking contrast with the ceiling timbers and the various pieces of furniture. Hanging above the fireplace was a tapestry worked in silver and white and black, another abstract design that nonetheless suggested twining leaves and branches. Faramir crossed the room to look at it. "How could I have forgotten this? My mother made this, one of her last creations. I must have it taken downstairs and placed in my study..." He stood for a while, his hands clasped behind his back, contemplating the intricate art of the piece, until Amrothos said, "All very clean and orderly in here, Faramir. A tribute to the running of the household. But is there any sign that the Captain-General of Gondor once slept here?" Faramir, turning, pointed to a large chest at the foot of the bed. "That was mine... is still mine... I mean, I used it regularly at one time." Amrothos and Léof advanced upon the chest. Faramir approached more slowly. Opening the lid, Amrothos began to rummage around inside. "Blankets," he said, "and plenty of them." "It can get cold this close to the mountains, and this high," Faramir said. He began a slow circuit of the room, coming to a halt by the window, and twitching the drapes to look out. The rain still fell. "Mid-afternoon. I should not be here..." "Hush, cousin! Since you are here, might I prevail upon you to put these in orderly fashion upon the bed?" He gestured towards the pile of blankets by his feet. Faramir, with a sigh, did what he was asked, and then stood, arms folded, watching his cousin and his son explore the further depths of the chest. Next to come out was a pile of shirts, well-made but plain and hard-wearing, suitable for a man who might find himself spending much of his time outdoors. Amrothos chuckled as he unfolded one. "I defy you to fit into this now, Faramir." Faramir smiled. "Since I am no longer living on ranger rations, Rothos, I can only be glad." The shirts were dumped unceremoniously on the floor. Carefully, Faramir picked them up and folded them again before placing them on the bed. Next to emerge was a blue counterpane, rather patched and faded, and then two sheets of music which, when Amrothos whistled the tune, turned out to be the middle section of a well-known ballad from Pelargir arranged for the Haradric oud . "I didn't know you played the oud , cousin," Amrothos said, in surprise. Faramir examined the pages. "I don't. I've no idea where this came from." Two heads – one dark, one blond – bent over the chest once again, and then both exclaimed in triumph, as Léof, delving deep, brought out a weatherworn knapsack. "Is this it, cousin?" "Do you know, I rather think it might be." Amrothos and Léof huddled together over their new-found treasure. Faramir, coming down onto his haunches next to them, saw his son look up at him. "Go ahead," he said, nodding, and the boy undid the clasps and tipped the contents out onto the rug. "Well, look at this," Faramir said, wonderingly. "A stranger in a bag." There was a battered tin mirror and a folding knife. A comb with several teeth missing and a pair of grey woollen socks. Some oilskin, unwrapped, that turned out to contain a piece of charcoal. A tinderbox (this caused a brief halt in proceedings until its function was demonstrated to Léof's satisfaction) and some string. And a small hinged wooden box covered with a chequered pattern and tiny holes. "We have it, cousin!" Amrothos said softly. "We have it!" Faramir reached out and picked up the box. His two companions watched him closely. He undid the clasp and, reaching inside, lifted out a handful of tiny pieces. He placed these in his son's cupped hands, and Léof, receiving them, gave a small gasp of pleasure.