A/N: This is for Lilsherlockian1975, who said "Is there any way I can request a Snape Herm's story? If so, just PWP, around 4 years after graduation. Snarky hot sex with a happy ending?" I gave it my best shot. Owe It All to Umbridge Yet another Wednesday evening spent in the staff lounge at Hogwarts , Severus thought. Some might think it dull, boring even, and once upon a time he would have agreed with them. Then the Dark Lord had returned, the world had gone to shit, and he'd had his throat nearly ripped out by a giant fucking snake. Ever since then, spending a few hours in the company of some of his fellow staff once a week didn't seem like such a bad thing. Especially when he wasn't the idiot-in-charge anymore. That year as Headmaster had been right up there with the worst time of his life. He'd only agreed to come back to teach Defence Against the Dark Arts under the clear understanding that he was never to be offered the Headmaster's position again (not that anyone would have). Nor Deputy Headmaster (that one had been a possibility, but Severus had threatened to walk if anyone even thought of bringing it up again). He had been reluctant to once again take on the responsibility of Slytherin House, but Minerva had reminded him that having a war hero (how he hated that term) as their Head would help overcome the House's reputation as blind followers of the Dark Lord. Or, as Minerva liked to call him, that 'Arsehole Tom'. The staff meetings were still dull as dishwater; but since Minerva had taken over, they were considerably shorter and much more to the point. It was the after-meeting informal gatherings on Wednesday evenings that he enjoyed. Some of the staff would wander away to walk the halls, or grade papers, or do fuck-all in their rooms. The rest would sit around the lounge with a glass of wine or port, and gossip like a bunch of cackling hens. Tonight was one of those nights. The ones who had nothing better to do were grouped near the fire. Severus had taken one of the armchairs, Minerva the other. Aurora Sinistra and Pomona Sprout shared the settee. Filius Flitwick had conjured a comfortable puff to perch on. And the two newest teachers got stuck with pulling a pair of less-than-comfortable wooden chairs from the large table used for staff meetings, Justin Finch-Fletchley (Slughorn's replacement brought in just two months ago when the school year began.) and Hermione Granger (Muggle Studies for the last three years, hired right after she received her N.E.W.T. scores) "-honestly surprised the windows didn't shatter. While he failed the assignment, I gave him extra credit for accidently discovering how to mimic the sound of a banshee's cry and sent him down to Hagrid's to see if he could think of any possible use for it." Filius wiggled on his puff, clearly pleased with his student's creativity. "And what was he supposed to be doing, again?" Hermione asked. "Cheering charm." "Ah, yes. I can see how those two could be so easily confused." Severus smirked and took another drink of his Scotch. He heard Minerva snicker beside him. Justin leaned forward and rather eagerly asked, "What's the most ridiculous thing you've witnessed or done since you've started working here? "That's an easy one." Minerva grimaced. "I let Albus talk me into letting Lockhart have another go at his joke of a duelling club. You would think he had learned his lesson after Severus sent him arse over tea kettle in front of half of the school." "But he didn't," Pomona interjected rather gleefully. Minerva nodded, a small smile graced her lips. "No, he did not. I almost explained his grave mistake when he insisted that Filius be his next partner, but then he called me dear heart and it must have slipped my mind." She shrugged. There was a fair bit of gigging from various members of their little group. The loudest seemed to come from Filius. "It was fun though, wasn't it?" "And educational," Hermione offered in agreement. "I don't think I'd ever seen anyone touch the ceiling of the Great Hall before. And definitely not face first." "You can thank Albus and Poppy for Lockhart not ending up in the infirmary; although lord knows it would have only improved his classes if he wasn't the one teaching them." Minerva rolled her eyes. "Albus slowed his ascent and Poppy cushioned his fall. Apparently, they spent most of the night before working on contingency plans to keep Lockhart from bruising anything more than his ego." Aurora caught Pomona's eye and the both started giggling. Minerva leaned across the arm of her chair to nudge Severus with her elbow. "Your turn." Judging from her grin, he realized that she already knew what his answer will be. "Umbridge." Hermione sputtered and nearly spit out a mouthful of wine. "You did Umbridge? You had sex with Dolores Umbridge?" "Of course not, thank the gods. But not for lack of trying on her part. That horrid woman cornered me in my favourite storeroom, dropped her cloak to reveal a sickening pink negligee, and offered to perform oral sex on me." Severus shivered in revulsion at the memory. He was pleased to see that he wasn't the only one to have that sort of reaction. Justin gaped. Pomona looked ill. Hermione finished the last of her wine in one gulp. Minerva continued to smile like a loon. "I still can't go into that storeroom without shuddering. I couldn't even have a decent wank for most of the spring semester. She kept showing up at my door at all hours, demanding potions and wanting to discuss the students." Justin nodded. "Completely understandable," he agreed with a voice full of sympathy. A quiet fell over the room as everyone tried to get the mental image out of their heads. Hermione broke the silence with a quiet, "No wonder you were so cranky that year." That was all it took to set Minerva off in a fit of giggles more suited to someone a third her age. He cast a narrow-eyed glare toward Hermione, only to be met with a teasing smile and a shrug. "Very funny," he grumbled. "Albus threw me at her every time he needed to keep her distracted. I didn't even get a reprieve after he buggered off. He was sneaking back into the bloody castle every other week! 'Take her for a walk to the greenhouses, Severus.' Or, 'Keep her away from the Headmaster's office for the next three hours, Severus, I need access to the Pensieve.' Or my personal favourite, 'You'll have to drug her tea, Severus. Do you have anything that doubles as a laxative?'." Aurora held up her hand. "I think that last one was me asking, actually. Sorry." Severus smirked. "Come to think of it, I believe you're right. It made for an entertaining and relatively stress free weekend with her stuck in her room for three days." "I would have stuffed the woman in a cupboard within the first week," Minerva muttered. "She sneered at Filius the moment she arrived at the school, you saw how she scared poor Hagrid, the list goes on and on. We all agreed that it came down to you and Hooch for 'Umbridge sitting duty', and you drew the short straw. You lost fair and square, Severus." Hermione blanched. Severus noticed. "Let's move on, shall we? What's your story, Hermione?" She lifted her glass to her lips, then grimaced when she realized it was empty. "I, uh, I walked in on Umbridge and Madam Hooch going at it in the Prefect's bathroom." "I knew it!" Aurora crowed. "I told you there was something going on there." "You're joking." Severus studied the young woman's face, searching for any hint that she was making the story up. "I wish I was." Hermione bit at her lower lip for a moment, as if she were debating whether or not to continue. "It wasn't until I dragged a seventh year Ravenclaw in there to have a good snog and a decent . . . well, it took until my sixth year before I could enjoy a bath in there again." Justin pursed his lips and nodded his head, as if he were about to impart some great knowledge. "That will do it. Replace the bad memories with something pleasant. Muggles call it selective memory. My mum got a book about it after my nan died." Hermione had just started to ask him a question when a bell chimed a jaunty little tune. Everyone automatically turned to look at the fireplace mantel where four small bells (red, green, blue, and yellow) normally rested. The yellow one lifted and rang out once more. Pomona groaned and hefted herself off the settee. "One of mine, then. Wouldn't be surprised if it wasn't Donaldson, poor boy came home from the winter holidays missing his new-born sister something fierce. Probably a sign I need to call it a night anyway." There were several rumbles of agreement. Glasses were hurriedly emptied and piled together to make it easier for the House-Elves to clean up (at Hermione's insistence). They filed out of the staff room and parted ways. Severus could hear Pomona asking Minerva if it would be possible to arrange a short floo call over the weekend so that Donaldson could check in with his family. Hermione and Severus headed down the opposite corridor. Their rooms were in the same general direction. Normally they would split up at a particularly pesky set of stairs as he preferred his old quarters near Slytherin House and she had a set of rooms on the second floor. As they neared the stairs, Hermione spoke, "You know, Justin was right." Severus was more concerned with settling into his bed with a good book and another small glass of Scotch than with discussing Justin Finch-Fletchley. "Hmm?" "Replacing the bad memories really did help." She looked at him from the corner of her eye. "You should do that." "What are you talking about? Replace the memory of Umbridge trying to get her hands, amongst other things, on my bits with . . . what exactly?" "I don't know," Hermione huffed. "Invite someone down to the storeroom and have her suck you off." His jaw dropped open. He realized he must look like an idiot, but it still took him a full five seconds to pull himself together. "Are you suggesting that I find some random woman in Hogsmeade, and invite her up to the castle—which is currently full of students, I might add—so she can give me a blow job in the dungeons? Minerva would rip me apart and wear my bollocks as earrings if she thought I was even considering the idea." Severus cast an uneasy look around the hall, well aware of how the walls tended to have ears in the castle. "Which I'm not," he quickly clarified, just in case. "Good point. Well made." Hermione nodded as if she'd just come to a decision. "Right. Fine, I'll do it." She reached the stairs and turned toward the set that lead down toward the dungeons, then realized that he had stopped moving several paces back. "I'm sorry, you'll what?" Hermione rolled her eyes and came back to stand directly in front of him. "Give you something else to think about the next time you need to gather ingredients to brew something for the hospital wing. Do you want to keep imaging Umbridge in a short nightie, trying to get into your pants?" His "Gods, no" escaped before he even thought about it. "Now that we've got that settled, where are we going? Was it one of the classroom storerooms, or your personal one?" He blinked several times, still not quite able to believe that this was really happening. "Uh, mine?" She grabbed