Summer of T.A 1936 Edhellond, Realm of Gondor Tuthir Goldleaf of Edhellond, daughter of Tuinaer, tread lightly among the Lebethron trees taking care not to awaken the wood-wrights of the Nimhith Taurë. They were a nasty new breed of the forest and dwelled beneath the bases of the trees in long-ruined Gondorian barrows. But Tuthir was not as concerned with the wood-wrights as she was with the orders she had been given by the Head of the Silver Guard (although they would soon need to deal with the wrights; any fell-spirit infestation was troubling and proof of an already sickening land). The young elf had come to these parts of Gondor to patrol the limits of Edhellond's boundaries and to investigate the strange stacks of smoke spiraling from the treetops in the evenings. It was an ominous sign and had begun the same evening of the summer festival. The Southern Haven and council of Eldars had enough reason to send scouts to comb the area for these smoke-makers. Since the fall of the Wainriders, the elves were not as quick to trust and any trespassers of the land, Gondorian or not, were not welcome. Whispers of the return of the Wainriders had sparked fear and desperation in the port city. It seemed every month ships left the shores of Middle Earth bound for greater havens. The songs they sang on the wind at night, made Tuthir feel ill at ease. Nothing good could come from these strange visitors. The Lord of Edhellond was already worried with the safety of his domain, the great marbled-city on the cliffs was slowly emptying and it seemed that as more elves journeyed from far into Edhellond, it was difficult to know which elven clans he could trust and which he could not. The Southern Haven was not meant to hold and protect so many and the demand for ship-building materials was draining the forest. When news had returned to him of abandoned campsites filled with the smell of horses and leather, the Lord decided to take extra lengths to secure his people's safety. He called upon the Silver Guard to dispatch scouts throughout the land. The mysterious visitors had yet to reveal themselves and kept their business to their own, whoever they were. Tonight, Tuthir would discover these ghostly travelers and do whatever she thought necessary to protect her city and prove to her brothers, Húrion and Haldor, that she had rightly earned rank within the elite Silver Guard out of her own skill as a bow-master and hunter, not from her relation to the Head, her father, Tuinear. The summer sun was slowly setting in the west, and the tops of the trees seemed to sway against the faint breeze as shadows danced across the forest floor. Much to her disappointment, she had only found dry deer droppings, half-rotted bones and wildcat markings on the trees but no evidence of a travelling party. The air was dry and earthen and while she knew well the smell of roasted coney and beef on the campfire, there were no rising plumes above the treetops. Tuthir wondered if the other scouts had found any trails along the Morthond River, she was surprised she had not passed one yet. Calaereth, she knew, had been assigned to the southern region along the coastline. Tuthir would have liked to have joined her for good company, four eyes were better than two, but she was glad she had been assigned to the Nimhith Taurë. The woods held a certain wildness about them that the sea seemed to never possess. Nimhith Taurë had been, afterall, where her father first taught her how to use a bow and arrow when she was a child, despite her mother's clear unsettlement ("She should be practicing how to become a bride not a savage man!" her mother believed). When she turned a century's old, the age most elf-maidens married, Tuthir had chosen to devote her life as a Silver Guard, like her father, and train to become a protector of Edhellond, a Warden of the South, perhaps even become the Head one day. It had been a rough road to rise from apprenticeship but Tuthir had finally completed her Induction Ceremony and was now an official member of the Silver Guard. Tuthir suddenly paused, hearing a quiet noise out in the woods. It could have been a falling branch or a wood critter and then again it could have been the clearing of a throat or the snap of a twig, or a sign of an approaching figure. Quickly, she hid herself in a nearby brush, and drew an arrow, her eyes fixed on the source of the noise. " Esta lle cu, Tuthir . Rest your bow, Tuthir," A voice from the woods sounded as the leaves and twigs cracked underfoot. Stepping out from behind the bush, Belrian, son of Belthor, held his hands up, looking around for her. His face was solemn but his lavender eyes were knowing and set. Tuthir relaxed but was surprised to see the Hand of the Lord and wondered why such an important warrior and noble had come to her. She lowered her bow as she made her presence known to him, his hauberk set with the crest of the Guard. Belrian was war hero who had fought beside the thirteenth king of Gondor against the Wainriders in the plains of Dagorlad many years past. Her father, Tuinear, had recruited him from the infantry into the Silver Guard after he had been injured. Well-liked among the Eldars and a desirable-suitor, Belrian was the fourth Warden of Edhellond. His father, Belthor had known Tuthir's father, Tuinaer, since they travelled down from the Greenwood and Belrian had always been a favorite in the Goldleaf family to her brothers. From the beginning, Tuthir's mother, Nemirdis, had wanted Belrian as a son (though she already had two) and desired nothing more than to see Tuthir wed to Belrian, for legacy's sake. Though Belrian was handsome, he was serious and boring and talked only of honor and duty. Tuthir was sure her mother had asked her father to send Belrian after her in an attempt to inspire companionship but Tuthir stiffened at the thought. "Belrian," She loosened her grip on her bow. "I did not know you were patrolling these parts," She nodded politely towards him, wishing to press on to evade him. "I will move eastward if you are stationed here," He shook his head. "There is no need; two scouts already roam those parts. We were given orders to pair together, as a precaution," Belrian said firmly. "Your father asked me to accompany you tonight," Tuthir, not wanting to retain informality with him, tried to think of a way to politely refuse his service (he was much older than her, well-respected, and outranked her) but came to think of none without implying discomfort of his presence so instead she thanked him—though thanking him was not really what she wanted to say. But then she remembered again her true purpose here tonight and a fierce longing to continue her hunt coursed through her. "Have you heard news of anything yet?" Tuthir asked eagerly, temporarily forgetting her discomfort. Belrian shook his head. "I was only just sent out from the tower helm, we had orders from my captain by the Head," he paused, thinking, suspicion clear in his voice. "It seems strange they would send more men away from the summer festival to scout for a small party of travelers. The Lord of Edhellond must be deeply troubled by these intruders to risk more guards in the wilderness," He fingered the hilt of his legendary longsword, The Easterling Hewer, as he spoke. Tuthir had heard her father speak of it before, but until now, Belrian never wore it. It was a reminder of the blood and grief he had dealt during the war and brought him much sorrow. Seeing it now, in the low-light of the setting sun, Tuthir grew weary. "Perhaps these travelers are more nefarious than we think them to be," Tuthir said. Belrian pursed his lips, a disapproving scowl overcoming his smooth face. "I just hope we do not run into trouble, I was worried when I discovered you had been stationed in the Nimhith Taurë; there are more than just wood-wrights that roam these parts," he added darkly scanning the distance. "Come let us walk together, the forest is not safe. There is an ill wind coming from the north," "We will cover more ground if we spread out" Tuthir added as Belrian pushed forward, not happy to have someone coral her and take charge of her route. With Belrian leading, she could not do as she pleased and roam the woods freely as she had planned. Tuthir followed after him in silence along the quiet river. Their patrolling was slow but Tuthir was thorough. To cover as much ground, she suggested they spread out between the trees looking for trails of a passing party (and also to avoid any kind of conversation with him). They strained their elven ears and squinted in between the vastness of the woods but all was silent in Nimhith Taurë. As night came fast upon them, Tuthir felt the ill wind Belrian had talked of earlier. Indeed, it came from the north but it seemed the more they walked upriver, the colder the air became. When nightfall arrived, Belrian closed the distance between them, clearly wishing to head back to the city. "We should turn back here, we are not meant to come this far, " Belrian said with authority, taking her elbow. But, Tuthir, who was younger, and more eager to press onwards, was still determined. She worked better under the silver light of the moon and the woods revealed their secrets more readily in the night than during the day. There was no greater thrill than to roam the woods at night. "I will stay, the forest does not go on for much longer," Tuthir replied, gently pulling away from him. There was surprise in his eyes till they turned hard and his lips pressed together in a thin, white line. "I do not think that is wise, Tuthir, there are many fell-beasts that stalk these parts," he said. "Let us head back, now," Once more, Tuthir felt out of place to speak back to the war-veteran, so she apologized and agreed with his decision. As she gazed one last time out at the distance of the forest, however, she saw a pale, blue light suddenly slip between the trunks. Startled, she turned towards Belrian to ask if he had seen it, but he had his back turned already and was close enough to call but far enough away for her to slip away unnoticed. Tuthir looked back to where she had last seen the light but it had disappeared. There were many tales of seeing strange lights in the forest and of the wood-wrights' spells but it was just that, just a story. Her fingertips tingled and as it were another gust of stale northern wind passed through the trees and then she could smell their stench, horses, leather and the sweat of man. She was about to call back to Belrian in warning when a light passed directly in front of her and a chill, like she had never felt before, overcame her. It was bitter and stung the very fabric of her bones. Then with a terrible screech and sorrowful wail, a glowing wright appeared from the tree before her baring its rotting teeth. Terrified, Tuthir stumbled backwards as it drew its sword. It advanced on her and several dozen came out from their hiding places to surround her. As they drew breath, it seemed all the pride and courage Tuthir had, left her body. Weakly, she unsheathed the daggers hidden in her tunic but she knew it was no use. She braced herself for death, thinking only