A/N: Hi guys! So I spent forever on this story and it's so long I figured that I can publish it seperatly. For those of you who don't know this is from my story How We Could Have Met. For those of you coming from How We Could Have Met, this is the extended ending version! :) Hope you all like it! :) Here ya go: Annabeth arranged the last of the New Fiction books and stepped back to admire her work. Satisfied with the display she moved on towards the back of the store where the Doctor Who display was. She gazed at the eleventh doctor's sonic screwdriver a bit longingly. She wanted to buy it but she was saving up for the San Diego Comic Con. She sighed and turned away to correct some books that were disarrayed. As she stood up she caught a glimpse of a guy working in the ever-present Starbucks that was in every Barnes and Noble. She moved to get a better view, she hadn't seen him in the past month she had been working there. Now that she was closer she could see the mop of messy dark hair and the tall lean figure of the new guy. When he turned she saw a pair of bright green eyes and a troublemaker grin. He caught her eye and smirked causing her to turn away with a slight blush. Ugh, he seemed cocky and annoying. She brought out her phone and opened up the tumblr app, as a picture of Jared Padalecki appeared on the screen she smiled. She could always count on Supernatural to make her feel better. Since there weren't that many customers she contuined to scroll down tumblr. She loved her blog, even though it was what most people would call a mess. It ranged from fandoms to random architectural pictures and posts. Architecture was Annabeth's second passion (after her fandoms of course) and the career she wanted to pursue. She heard someone approaching and quickly put her phone back into her pocket. A second later an woman appeared looking confused and asking for where she might get those wizard books for her daughter. If the woman called The Harry Potter series (quite possibly the best series ever written) "those wizard books" Annabeth felt seriously sorry for her daughter. But she helped the woman nevertheless. She caught, who she had now dubbed, new guy's eye again. Though it seemed that he was the one watching her this time. She held his gaze and he raised his eyebrows at the challenge. She was the one to tear away because the woman she was helping asked her a question. When the woman had left she looked back over only to find a customer at the Starbucks and new guy at the counter. She was able to watch him better now that he was occupied and she had to admit that he was attractive. And her age. The one bad thing about working in this Barnes and Noble was that there weren't many people her age, most of them were older and the one guy her age that she had befriended was great and most of the time occupied with his boyfriend. So seeing a new face, and she'll admit an attractive one, was a nice surprise. But there was something to this guy, he seemed like a challenge. When her break started she made her way over to the Starbucks to, well to get a drink and maybe talk to him. "Hey, give me a sec," was the first thing she heard him say, he was bent down under the counter getting something. "Alright," she responded. He looked up at her voice, and slowly straightened up, "It's you," he commented raising an eyebrow and putting the newly retrieved cups on the rack. "It is, but you don't even know me," she challenged back. The corners of his mouth twitched up, "I've seen enough sweetheart," he drawled, a slow smile taking up his face. The nerve of him, she narrowed her eyes. "You think you're smooth?" "I think I'm adorable," he replied with a grin. Her eyes widened, had he just made...probably just in accident. "And I think you should make me a tall vanilla bean frappuccino," she replied, gaining her composure. "Coming right up, can I get a name to match the pretty face?" he postioned the marker on the cup though it was completely unnecessary since there were all of two other people there. "Annabeth." "Annabeth," he said as if he was testing the name, "I like it, it's unique, suits you." The last compliment seemd genuine and he offered a real smile before turning around quickly to make her drink. "Wait, don't I have to pay?" she asked. "On the house for you," he said turning around and winking. As he made her drink, Annabeth tried to figure out the deal with this guy. He seemed so cocky, but he was truly nice at the same time. "Here you go," his voice broke her out of her thoughts, "a vanilla bean frappaccino for the lovely Annabeth." "Thank you," she almost blushed but managed to stop, she offered him a genunine smile and walked away. It was when she had left the store did she realize she hadn't gotten his name, and kept wondering about the dark-haired green-eyed guy who may had made a Supernatural reference. -LINEBREAK- Percy laid back in his chair and grinned at the screen: fangirl-owl is now following bluecookies7 He had been almost stalking this blog since two days ago, when he had first discovered it. This person had almost all of his fandoms and while there were some posts of buildings and stuff, he didn't mind. Hell he reblogged a bunch of underwater pictures and tattoos and other god knows what shit admist the Doctor Who and Sherlock. And now seeing as his new favorite blog had followed him back made him even happier. He continued to scroll and came across one of those Ask Me posts, and hit reblog tagging it with #please #ask me #i'm bored. He sighed as he shut doen his laptop and left for work, no one ever asked him stuff, even his followers. But it was worth another try. As he drove to work his mind switched thoughts from tumblr to the girl who worked the Fiction section at the store. Annabeth. He had to admit that she was pretty, and she seemed chill. She was practically flirting with him...right? He had slipped in a small Supernatural refrence just to see if she'd react, but she hadn't said anything. Either way she seemed interesting. The first thing he did after checking in and putting on the horrid green apron was scan to see if he could see her. To his disappointment she was no where to be found. Well to be fair he could only see part of the store, she could just be out of sight. He gave up and turned his attention to a customer who had just walked up. The day went on and Percy spent most of his free time reading- well rereading- Harry Potter. (It was the few book series he would actually read...he wasn't a big fan of reading, especially long books. he preferred skateboarding really, or watching a show.) Towards the end of his shift, she showed up, looking a bit worse for wear with strands of her curly blonde hair where sticking out and a streak of dirt on her face. "Wow, what happened to you?" The words slipped out of his mouth before he could control what he was saying. She glared at him and he immediately tried to make up for it. "I didn't mean it like that, I just...you look a bit...it isn't bad, you look cute," He rambled out, without realizing what he was saying, again. This time she just rose an eyebrow, he offered a small smile, it was true, there was something cute about the way she looked. "I was stuck in the back room, shifting through huge dusty books," she finally offered an explanation. "Damn, that must be tough, how did you end up with dirt on your face?" Her hand went up to cheek immediately and she brushed it off. "Ugh, I don't even know." "I'm sorry, how about a free coffee to compensate?" "I got free coffee yesterday, isn't that unfair?" she questioned. "Well you especially deserve it today, don't worry, I got it covered," he winked at her. As he turned around and felt the blush rise to his face, he was actually flirting with her. He made her drink and handed it to her. "Oh my god, thank you," she said as he took a sip, closing her eyes as if it was the most heavenly thing. "No problem," he smiled at the look on her face. She waved and started to walk away, then turned around. "Hold on, what's your name?" "Percy." -LINEBREAK- Ask Me... Annabeth contimplated for a minute, should she? bluecookies7 had been liking and reblogging a bunch of stuff of hers, and the tags did say they wanted someone to ask. She gave in and sent an ask about what their favorite color is. Pretty standard but it was something. She hoped she wouldn't end up embarassed if this thing ended up weird. After staring at the screen for a second longer she closed down the laptop and headed out to meet Thalia and Piper. When she came back she was pleasantly surpisred to see that bluecookies7 had responded to the question and asked her the same in return. She read over the response again, Blue, that's my favorite color. I know it's kinda of a plain answer but yeah, thanks for sending me an ask by the way, no one ever does and I had almost lost all hope :p What's your favorite color? She thought about it, what was her favorite color? Percy's sea green eyes came to mind. She had to admit they were really beautiful, and the color was gorgeous. She typed her response. No problem :) And I think blue is an excellent choice, the TARDIS is blue after all. Also, come to think of it your username does have blue in it. And my favorite color is sea green. She sent the response and smiled, she might be making an online friend. This person seemed nice afterall. She wanted to say it was a he, but she didn't know for sure. Hopefully she'd be able to find out more about bluecookies7. -LINEBREAK- Percy rolled over in bed, and after seeing it was noon he almost panicked before realizing it was Sunday. He stretched out and got his phone checking texts and emails in an attempt to waking himself more fully. He finally opened tumblr and saw that fangirl-owl had responded. He smiled, waking up faster to see what they had written. After reading the response he decided to respond even though there wasn't anything to respond too. He wanted to keep the conversation going, he might finally have an online friend. I like that color too, and yeah, would it be weird for me to tell you blue cookies are an actual thing? Well they are and they are delicious. He sent the message hoping that this person would respond, he wanted to guess she was a she, but he wasn't going to generalize. He scrolled a bit more before getting out of bed and making breakfast. As he went through his day, Percy checked tumblr often, hoping he'd get a response. He finally got one in the evening that read: Really? I've never had them, they sound interesting though. Also just wanted to know, what gender do you identify with? Just so I know which pronouns to use...hope we can keep talking! Percy was unnaturally happy after seeing the message. Because one, they wanted to talk to him and two