A/N: Hey Guys! So this is the extended version of my story from my other fic, How We Could Have Met so if you like this, please check that out! Here ya go: Percy shivered against the cold wind blowing right at his face. He pushed through the crowd and wind to get to the sanctuary that lay ahead. A blast of hot air and the smell of coffee bombarded him as soon as he walked inside. Starbucks was teeming with people, all probably rushing around trying to get last minute Christmas shopping done. And he was one of them. He wasn't sure why he always put Christmas shopping off till it got really crowded and it became even more of a hassle but he always did. He'd like to think it got him more in the Christmas spirit, seeing all of humanity out and about buying presents for loved ones, but it probably also had something to do with his laziness. Lost in his thoughts he almost bumped into another person causing them to almost spill their coffee. Almost being the key word here. Percy regarded it a Christmas miracle that he hadn't caused great damage to the really pretty blonde girl he had just run into. "I am so sorry!" he immediately exclaimed, growing hot under her intense gaze. It didn't help she was beautiful. The girl smiled and waved it off, "It's okay, no harm done." Percy smiled back and had every intention of walking away when he blurted, "It was close though, I almost spilled your coffee, I'm surprised it didn't happen, I can be very clumsy..." he rambled on. The girl chuckled a little at him, her eyes looking amused and he realized what he had been doing. "And you didn't need to know all that, okay I'm just gonna shut up now," he said immediately shutting his mouth after. The girl laughed, "It's alright," she leaned in closer and whispered theatrically, "I can be clumsy too sometimes when I'm really into something I'm doing." Percy smiled at her, glad she hadn't just taken him for a weirdo and moved on. "Good to know," he replied. There was a moment of awkward silence after that, and they both spoke up at the same time, "I should-" "I got-" Percy stopped, "Go ahead, you were gonna say..." he prompted. "Oh well," the girl flushed, "I was just gonna say, I should probably get going..." "Yeah, same, this line is really long," Percy replied with a hand on the back of his neck. "Um, sorry again, for bumping into you." "No big deal, like I said no harm done," she responded with a wave as she walked out. Percy waved back then turned around to face the long line. She had been so pretty and nice and he had basically made a fool of himself. Why did he always do that? He shook his head and decided to focus on his Christmas shopping instead. A couple hours and a latte later, he found himself in yet another department store, going through the jewelry section trying to find something his mom would like. He had checked some other places but nothing of interest had caught his eye. He wanted it to be something she would wear on a regular basis, and not just keep aside for a special occasion. He looked through some bracelets when a coral necklace caught his eye. He moved towards it, skimming his fingers over it. It reminded him of the ocean and he figured his mom would appreciate that. As he was walking away from jewelry another person was walking towards it and for the second time that day he bumped into someone. "Oh my god, I'm sorr-" the words died on her lips as she looked up to his face. "It's you!" Percy himself was shocked at seeing the same girl from Starbucks looking up at him, her phone still in hand with what seemed to be a half written text message. "Wow, twice in the same day," he said smiling at her. "Who would have thought? I guess it was my turn to run into you, sorry for that by the way," the girl replied. Percy waved it off, "It's fine, at least there are no hot beverages involved this time." "That's true," she acknowledged. "Well...I um...should let you get on with, Christmas shopping?" he ended with a question not really sure if she was actually Christmas shopping or not. "Oh yeah, I'm little late this year," she admitted. "I'm late every year," he shrugged. The girl laughed a little at that, "Well in that case, we both should get going." Percy smiled and wished her luck as he walked away after receiving the same sentiments back. He couldn't help but wish he could talk to her more, getting her out of his mind was definitely harder the second time. After a long day and all shopping finally done, Percy was ready to go back home and sink into a warm cup of hot chocolate. Unfortunately, his day was not over because he still had to go to the bank. He grudgingly made his way in, tired and cold from being outside so much. He got into the line that had formed to the ATM. Great, another line. He internally groaned but stepped into the line anyway. He looked around, bored and made to get his phone when his eyes caught a familiar shade of blonde hair. He froze, looking straight at the girl he had bumped into twice already. She had caught his eye too and was looking back with an equally shocked expression. She made her way over to him. "It's a Christmas miracle," he said as she approached, and she grinned back at him. "Well Mr. Miracle, I think this warrants a name to the face I keep seeing," she replied. "Percy Jackson, at your service," he bowed, giving her a wink. "Annabeth Chase," she curtsied back. There was a moment of stillness, then they both broke out into laughter. They must have looked really weird, standing in the middle of a bank, laughing. But this entire situation was weird. After the laughter had died down, Percy spoke, hesitating a little. "You know there is a Starbucks around the corner, would you want to get some hot chocolate with me? I figured we should bring it back full circle if we're gonna keep meeting like this." ` Annabeth smiled back, "I'd love to but unfortunately, I need to get going. But," she added seeing his smile falter for a second, "why don't you take my number and as fun as it is to keep seeing you around on accident, how about we make it on purpose next time." The next time they saw each other was for a date. -TIMESKIP- The sun was out, not that that made a difference since Annabeth was still stumbling and falling over every chance she got (much to Percy's amusement). "Finally, something you're not a genius in," he chuckled as he caught hold of her once again as she tried to move across the ice. She scowled at him before returning her focus to skating. It was their third "date", she really wasn't sure what was going on between her and Percy at this point. After meeting again for a coffee date, this meeting planned, they had seen each other a few more times and had texted fairly frequently. If she was reading all this right, they definitely had some sort of thing going. Like today, he had texted her asking her if she would like to go ice skating and here they were. Well Percy was ice skating, Annabeth was trying not to fall. This of course had resulted in a lot of touching since Percy was the one stopping her from actually falling. "I think I'm starting to get the hang of this," she said as she finally skated a few feet. She had spoken to soon though, as she almost immediately started to lose her balance. Percy caught her in his arms and they were right up against each other. She noted how he smelled slightly of cinnamon and how his eyes sparkled. They moved closer their noses touching. She leaned in, and it looked like he was doing the same. "PERCY!" They immediately sprang back, a move that didn't go well for Annabeth as she was already not steady, being held up by Percy before. He moved to catch her once again and they moved towards the side of the rink. "Percy!" the voice that had called out before was running around the outside of the rink to meet them. "Will!" Percy responded immediately, grinning and waving his hand. A boy with blonde hair and a stunning smile had showed up. He leaned across the side of the rink to give Percy a hug. "Perc! You would not believe what just happened-oh hey who is this beauty," Will interrupted himself to acknowledge Annabeth. She held out her hand, "Annabeth," she introduced. "Damn, those nails are on fleek," he replied, going from shaking her hand to examining her Christmas themed nails. "Thanks, I just got them done," she smiled. She was liking Will. "Percy, why didn't you tell me about her! Are you cheating on me?" Will exclaimed. Percy laughed, "I'd never do that," he joked back. Or at least she was pretty sure he was joking. I mean they were all laughing along, but Will definitely seemed gay and the way Percy was acting around him, she wouldn't be surprised if they were dating. Will chatted with them a bit more before leaving, "Percy, boo, you best be at Thalia's tonight for dinner" with a smile and wave. "He seems really nice," she commented after Will had left. "Oh he's the best. Super nice, and a great doctor too" Percy replied smiling. "We met last year at this pride parade, and since then he's been a constant." That solidified her suspicions. They were definitely a thing. And while she was very happy for them, she couldn't help but be disappointed because it had seemed like her and Percy were getting somewhere. When she had first met him, she had been taken by his sweet personality and how hot he was hadn't escaped her notice either. Seeing him again and again and finally getting to know him, she had hoped it would lead to something. But now knowing that he was in a relationship, she knew that there was nothing here. Of course now she would back off, she didn't want to get between anything. Besides she couldn't be all flirty with him if he was taken. She was still his friend, but just his friend, and that hurt a little more than she cared to admit. "Want to go another lap around?" Percy asked her, bringing her back from her thoughts. "No, I'm good. I should probably get going, it's getting late," she excused herself. "Oh" Percy frowned a bit, "Okay then, let's get you off the ice." "I can do it," she said gripping the edge of the rink and pulling herself forward. They made their way off and left each other with a smile and wave, one a bit sad and the other confused. -TIMESKIP- It was Christmas Eve and Percy had been pretty busy the last few days. Yet he still tried to keep in touch with Annabeth. She had started to confuse him. They still talked and had even met up a day ago. But something had been different. She still talked and laughed with him, but it was as if she was pulling away a little. That she was keeping her distance. He took out his phone and contemplated texting her about meeting up for drinks, but hesitated. She did seem to be pulling away, maybe she didn't want to see him. And he definitely wasn't going to force her. He was not