A/N: Hey guys! So here I am back with a hella long oneshot based of video games that I hope you all will enjoy! Also I made a Stephew (MatPat and Steph) version as well, and posted that to my tumblr writing blog, so if you're interested in that let me know! Check out my other stories for more Percabeth (they are really fluffy). And see if you can figure out all the games I reference! Here ya go: It was dark and he was running, that's all he knew. He didn't know why or from what, just that he was being chased and it was important he should. The music was getting louder and he could hear the footsteps that definitely weren't his own behind him. He stumbled through the dim light, foot almost catching on some unseen obstacle, but he kept moving forward. It was getting closer. Things seemed to come into focus and he was now aware that he was in a house, if these desolate remains could be called a house. As he navigated through the grimy rooms and hallways, he chanced a glance at his attacker. She or it or whatever was horrifying, and most clearly a zombie. It also moved pretty fast for one, he noted, as he tore his gaze from the horrendous sight and ran into a room only to find himself cornered. Seeing her approach the doorway, he started to panic, fear building inside of him. He desperately looked around to find an escape or something to defend himself and spotted a gun lying on the table in the corner. Not having that much time left as the zombie lady creature was fast approaching he lunged at the gun, instantly firing off rounds until he was out of ammo. He sighed in relief as he saw her drop the floor and tried to calm his rapidly beating heart, he was okay, and he was alive. He took a moment to survey the scene, noting the miserable state of things and tried to figure out what was happening. It was now he also noticed that he was missing a hand. He almost threw up at the sight of the blunt arm bloody and wrapped in bandages. He didn't recall when this had happened, but now looking at his battered arm he registered the throbbing pain, buckling to his knees. But he was brought back to the situation when he heard a growl to realize that zombie lady was not dead. As fear started to take over the pain, he blindly reached around and found a box of ammo. He couldn't believe his luck but didn't question it when as he reloaded and shot at her again. She dropped to the floor with a final thump, and he just leaned back against the wall and closed his eyes. A mixture of pain, fear and relief swarmed his brain and he couldn't think right. But somehow a thought came to him that turned into a feeling that took over his entire body. He was looking for her. He couldn't quite figure out the details of this mystery girl but in his fear-ridden and confused mind he knew that much, and with that the last of his conscious faded away. LINEBREAK She was dying. She could feel it. The pain was so intense by this point that she was almost able to ignore it completely as she fought on. She mustered up the last dredges of her energy and moved forward to swing her sword at her attacker. The sword was special, it had a purpose, history, name, whatever. She couldn't remember. She couldn't remember much of anything, actually. She just knew this battle, this battle that she seemed to have been fighting for ages, that had not yet ended. She vaguely wondered if maybe Prince Lothric had the right idea, why not just let the world end. What was the point of this life if it was only to be filled with misery? Her attacker hit her hard causing her to fall to her knees and keel over. She could feel the light draining from her eyes. She could hear his voice, muffled and vague, but he was calling to her. She couldn't quite place who he was but it was suddenly very important for her to find him. But she was locked in battle, about to die. She heard him again, calling to her, and with the last bit of energy left in her she got up. She could barely see, let alone walk straight, but she charged forward with her sword, catching her enemy unaware. She had done it, she had killed him, but at the cost of her own life. She had only a moment to celebrate her victory before she too collapsed on the floor, the whole world fading to black. LINEBREAK This time he was met with a blinding light. It took his eyes a bit to adjust to the brightly lit scenery, the gorgeous terrain that lay before him a stark contrast to the conditions he had been in before. That thought triggered his mind to wake up and he jumped up, suddenly all too aware of what had just happened and ready to face the next attack. But there was none. As he surveyed the wide open landscape he was met with gently flowing grass and birds in the sky. He looked down, he was different, now in possession of both his hands as well as a stock of weapons. He shook his head, confused as to what was happening. He could have sworn he was just in a haunted house being chased by zombies a moment ago. And he still had to find her, whoever she was, but he knew he had to do it. He moved forward cautiously, not trusting the bright beautiful scene. Yet he was moving forward with intent, he had a mission, he needed to find a shrine. Once again, he didn't know how he knew that, he just did. As he approached a small hill he could see his destination ahead, a glowing orange cave. Unfortunately, he must have let his guard down because not a minute later he was pelted with rocks. The momentum hit his back causing him to fall forward. He was now aware of other sounds coming towards him as he hauled himself up. The sounds were coming from big hairy creatures wielding spiked clubs, and they were nearing fast. Another rock was hurled his way but he managed to dodge it and pull out a sword. He swung instinctively, engaging in battle with the nearest creature. Somehow he knew what to do, as he succeeded in killing the creature in a short amount of time. And as more creatures came towards him he was suddenly ready to face them. It didn't take long to kill all of them, but it still left him in a fairly terrible state. He started to rummage through the remains of the creatures' fort, collecting all sorts of things from food to weapons (and breaking a lot of pots). But he forced himself out from the allure of collecting and started to walk towards his destination. The closer he grew the more anxious he got. Something was there. Maybe she was there. The girl he was trying to find. He stepped up to the shrine and walked into the blue light. LINEBREAK She groaned as came to, her eyes trying to focus on her surroundings. Everything was different, pixelated, but brighter than before. She was underground, that much she could tell, but little else made sense. She herself was different too, also pixelated and weaponless. Is this the afterlife, she wondered, as she got stood up. She tried to piece things together but the more she tried the weirder it got. She knew she had been fighting in a grim dark world, the opposite of the pixelated colors around her. She knew she had died, but what was all this? She felt increasingly more confused and helpless until she recalled her reason for fighting. She had to find him. She wasn't any more aware of who he was than she was before but she knew that she had to find him. The thought filled her with determination. She walked forward resolutely, trying to make sense of her surroundings as she did. Everything around her was purple, and she appeared to be walking down a long hall. She relaxed her guard a little as she walked forward some more with no incident and went back to trying to puzzle out the strange situation. Not a second later however, she was approached by what looked like a pixelated frog. She noticed she had the option to fight or act. Recalling the death and gore from before she chose to act, eventually sparing the creature. She appreciated this choice, the choice to not kill. She had killed so many before, without having a choice in the matter, all in the name to save the world. But there had to be a better way, she thought, and this solidified it. You could win a battle without killing. She realized that throughout her walk she had approached a tall goat woman who must have invited her into her house. The house was nice, and there was pie, and the goat woman was very kind. She wanted to stay here forever, but then she remembered. Him . She had to find him. And to do that she had to leave, leave the comfort of what she knew. But leaving was harder than she had thought. She had to confront the goat woman. Once again she had the option to fight or act. She acted, pleading to be let go. She had to find him. And once she had gained access to the doorway, she knew that despite the comfort this place offered, she had a mission ahead of her. Determined in her choices, she walked through the doorway. LINEBREAK He fell into yet another room. He had been jumping through portals for a while now, hopelessly trying to find a way out. She was crawling through a vent, desperately trying to not alert Ballora while Baby's creepy voice seemed to whisper in her ear. She just wanted a way out of this hellhole. They were both trapped in different dimensions, jumping to and from different games, in a desperate, urgent attempt to seek out each other. Each time being so close yet so far. LINEBREAK She could hear his voice, more clearly now as she ran through the remains of the nuclear destruction. He was calling out her name, Annabeth . She remembered more of him now, his tall frame, bright green eyes and dark messy hair and the way he made her feel. She knew his name, Percy . And somehow she knew this time, she was close. Annabeth , that was her name. He knew that much now. And he remembered what she looked like, her curly golden hair and fierce grey eyes and that smile that made his heart melt. Things were becoming clearer. He still didn't know how he was hopping to and from these different places, but as he ran through the ruins of the nuclear blast he felt he might get some more answers soon. He was scavenging through an abandoned house, trying to get materials and other things so he could…well, he wasn't really sure what he was trying to accomplish with this one. He'd been here a lot longer than he had in any of the other places so he had taken to doing what the other people were, scavenging. It was then did he notice a glimpse of blonde hair. He would've missed it entirely, if he hadn't happened to be looking for another bottle cap. He immediately ran out of the house and towards where he thought he had seen her. "Annabeth!" he called out once he