Chapter 1 My eyelids part, inches from my face I see his infamous death stare. Recoiling instinctively, I know what this stare can ignite. Each breath shortens as the anxiety builds in my chest. I attempt to swallow all the nervousness and ask him," Hey dad…did you need something? " I fail. Setting a fire to his stare he's now looking through me transparently with anger. He works his way around my bed, blocking the path to my door. He inches towards my bed quickly so I sit up and scoot off the opposite side. Jumping clear over my bed, he lands loudly cornering me. Frantically I ask him," Dad what's wrong?" A terribly sharp pain in my temple flares and I fall to my knees holding my head. I don't need to see him swing to know it was a backhand. Being all too familiar with the way they felt. Past experience taught me that talking to him was useless now. I had to voice my mistake to halt his onslaught. Problem was I hadn't the slightest clue what I had done wrong. I wonder if I forgot to - a swift knee implants in my ribs breaking my thought. My arms drop from my face in agony when my fight or flight instinct kicks in. Rising quickly, I duck under a hooking right fist and dart to the door. Flinging it open it quickly I began sprinting down the hallway. While running I remember learning of that instinct in my psychology class. But this is the first time I have consciously experienced it. Seriousness of the situation returns as I hear the door behind me slam into the wall. At this point I've already reached the stairs and leap over the ledge. I land 7 to 8 steps down immediately losing my balance, tumbling to the bottom. Lying on the ground uncomfortably squirming I wait for my breath to return. The breath that was knocked out of me begins slowly coming back. My dad reaches the top of the stairs and we make eye contact as he pauses. He reminds me of a predator sizing up their prey before attacking. He swiftly heads down the stairs locked in on me. Sitting up as fast as my injured body will allow, I return to my feet in one quick motion. Staggering towards the door I realize my breath has not completely returned. My left hand embraces the doorknob on the front door as I lean on the wall with my right. I squeeze it while turning, hearing the rush of air exhale as the door cracks open. His feet slam on the wooden floor behind me just as the light begins invading the shade in our home. Inhaling fully I open the door and bolt out but have to slow down from dizziness. Each breath I intake sends an increasingly sharp pain through my ribs. I know I can outrun my dad, it might be the only advantage I have on him. But at the pace I'm jogging my body won't hold up for long. My pace starts deteriorating and I know it won't be long before he catches up. Swiveling my head just enough I catch a glimpse of where he is. My peripheral vision reveal his red sweaty face, determined yet eerily calm, about 20 steps behind, gaining on me. I face forward and continue to run, still picturing his perfect marine form bearing down on me. This shoots a chill up my spine. My focus returns to me as each step becomes harder and increasingly painful. Must. Keep. Pushing. I turn along another street cutting the corner as tightly as possible. Inhaling fully becomes intolerable due to the pain in my ribs. I see a few familiar trees and remember our neighborhood is right next to a wooded area. Deciding my chances might be better there I change direction abruptly and hop a small fence landing in a backyard. Sprinting I quickly reach a larger fence and stretch out grasping the top as pain intrudes my entire right side. I can't slow down. I ignore it letting my momentum carry me over the top, dropping me with a thud on the opposite side. Rolling to my stomach, I brace myself and rise. I fight the urge to hunch over while slowly staggering forward, waiting to catch my wind. Halting it suddenly hits me. Where's is he? I begin tiptoeing listening intently for unordinary noise. The exertion from this form begins to take its toll so I stop to rest. My breath is barely returning to me when I hear a snap. Swinging my head violently to my right I find my dad flipping over a fence. During his downfall he brings along a piece of fence with him and his feet thud on the ground. I back away quickly, preparing to run. But I know I won't hold up long and relinquish this idea. He crouches to a low stance and begins stalking me. I've seen him use this same technique before while watching him teach recruits how to grapple. He closes the distance quickly building up his speed then rising forcefully. He swipes at me with the sharp end of the fence piece narrowly missing. I stagger back and he quickly flips the piece in his hand. He fakes a swing one way causing me to dodge to my right. But he's already swinging in the opposite trajectory when I steady myself. Instantly I feel my flesh tearing on the lower side of my chest from the backswing. My searing flesh doesn't tear apart smoothly and I fall to the ground in immense pain. Rolling around in agony seems to ignite my previous wounds. Don't let him see your pain! Forcing my body stagnant I stare up at him defiantly, trying to suppress my sounds of suffering. He hovers me with the bloody fence piece held tightly in his limp arm. Mounting my increasingly limp body he stops inches from my face staring at me, without a blink. He cocks his fist back then all of a sudden he stops as I hear a noise. He must hear it too as he turns his head. Again a voice booms all around us," Hey don't make me tell you again!" The voice sounds eerily similar and is coming from all directions. Chapter 2 Returning to his feet he's now backing away as if frightened. Barely able to lift my head I follow his steps of retreat. As he looks down upon me in horror, I don't think anything could break the petrified gaze. The booming voice returns," Don't make me come up there!" All of a sudden the sky starts to quickly evaporate. Changing, taking on the form of what looks like a ceiling… wait that's MY ceiling! The scenery completely alters to that of my room. I begin trying to calm my breathing as my body is waking up. It was just a dream. I hear footsteps approaching. My dad busts open the door and yells," For the last damn time get your ass up!" My cover beneath me is ripped away, tossing me off my bed I land with a solid thump. "I'm leaving to go play golf, you need to get up and mow the yard then water before it gets too hot," he says sternly. "Yes sir" I robotically respond while looking up at him. He turns and walks out slamming the door on his exit. Lying on the floor I wait for reality to set back in. I groggily sit up, stand and make my bed. Sluggishly I tread downstairs to take my daily pill. The same pill I've taken every day for over 13 years, normally a subconscious procedure. These pills are used to control my anger and from the way my dad complains each time I run out, they are not easy or cheap to get. I grab a pill from the bottle and pop it in my mouth. I feel it slide down my throat while washing it down with a few sips of water. Usually I don't pay much attention to it, but now that I was thinking about it I notice the chalkiness and don't enjoy it. My stomach growls now that it's been awoken from its slumber. I turn on the stovetop and set a large pan on the progressively red rings. I begin grabbing breakfast foods from the fridge. I proceed to cook eggs, potatoes and lastly drop sausage on the pan making a satisfyingly smooth sizzle. I warm tortillas and impatiently wait as the minutes pass. After everything is cooked I make myself breakfast tacos consisting of this with of course the addition of my favorite food, cheese. The warmth wakes me up a little with each bite. The combination of mixed tastes and textures all wrapped up adjusts my mood. With the last bite in my mouth I glance at the microwave; it reads 8:22 am. By the time I chug down a glass of apple juice I feel energized and jog upstairs. I know I need to get dressed quickly and head outside to mow the lawn. After hastily changing I grab my phone and slide my earphones in. I head down the stairs starting the music as I reach the bottom. I open the door to the garage then proceed inside. I head to the lawn mower in the corner, check the gas and inspect everything meticulously before starting it up. A trait picked up over the years from my dad without much choice. Borderline OCD, another term I learned of in my psychology class. I always believed my dad being a marine corporal required this trait. Being very detail oriented to where it became second nature. The music begins breaking my concentration so I pause it until I'm done checking it. Resuming the music I start it up and began to mow. Immediately I feel the sticky humid air as well as the hot sun beaming down on my skin. Every now and then a light breeze disguises the sensation of my skin burning. About an hour passes and I've finished mowing the front and back yard. Fairly sweaty I return to the garage to search for the weed eater. I find it and once again pause the music so I can think clearly. I pick it up from the same corner and after meticulously, yet unnecessarily, going over it top to bottom I start it up. After 20 minutes pass I finish, then begin fertilizing. This doesn't take very long so I water the front as well as the back shortly after. I clean everything and return it to its exact spot then head back inside. Cool air embraces my warm body on the way to the shower. Turning the knob and stepping in, cold water beading down my body is even better. I plunge face first into the icy spray letting it slowly cool me. As the water steadily ricochets off my face I drift off. The dream I had the previous night pops into my head. That was a little more intense than usual . I frequently had nightmares about my father but not usually that vivid. Shortly I return to reality and finish showering. I step out, dry off and head to my room to get dressed. It was Sunday so I check my backpack for homework. I have a few math assignments left so I pull them out and lay them on my desk. I sit down and knock them out fairly quickly. As I'm sliding them back into my backpack I turn my watch face up seeing it's 12:55p.m. My stomach begins growling so I head downstairs to eat. I make a sandwich, practically inhale it, then gulp down a glass of water to wash it down. I begin to wash the dirty dishes in the sink. Just as I'm on the final