Harry Potter does not belong to me. I only take ownership of original plot and characters. I hope you enjoy! Happy holidays! Harry Potter and Hermione Granger numbly stared at two worn, white marble gravestones in the quiet, snowy cemetery of Godric's Hollow. "The last enemy that shall be destroyed is death," the tombstone read. The two teenagers seemingly had not a word to say. Death had again made the pair speechless. What was one to say when two loving parents are buried at their feet? Hermione, in an effort to pay her respects, conjured a wreath of burgundy Christmas roses and levitated the offering carefully down to center of the stone. Ever the perfectionist; some have even compared her to the former Head Girl lying at her feet. The act of reverence defrosted her friend standing behind her. He gently wrapped his arm around her waist and tears began to flow down his cheek, freezing along the way. "I've always wondered what they would be like. Like if there was no war, and they never died," he whispered, staring at the graves with empty eyes. Hermione laid her head on his shoulder, snuggling into the crook of his neck. He peered down at her questioningly, but made no move to disentangle himself. "Well, I suppose they would be like any normal parents. Your mum would fuss over your hair, as it is rather untidy." Harry cracked a small smile at this, but let her continue. "Your father would be at nearly every Quidditch match cheering much louder than any decent person should. Of course Padfoot and Mooney would be there egging him on. Your mum would probably overload you with sweets your first few weeks at Hogwarts just like Malfoy's mum did, but then start sending you vegetables once she learned that you hardly ate anything but sweets." Harry was grinning broadly at this point, but enjoyed the view too much to interrupt. "Holidays would be a rather rambunctious affair," she continued, "Sirius would always try to out-do your parents by spoiling you rotten. Your mum would get irritated, but you would always secretly like her present more because it would be thoughtful. Mooney would make a simply divine chocolate torte and you would sneak a piece before anyone else noticed. All the while your father would break something while trying out the new broom your mum got him." Hermione paused, realizing that feeding further into the imaginary would only serve to hurt Harry rather than make him smile. She peered up at him through her bushy hair and saw his eyes on her. He was looking at her tenderly with a wide smile. Deciding to wrap up her tale as she was feeling cold slush trickling into her boots, she removed her head from his shoulder and turned to face him, a loving twinkle in her eyes. "Overall," she ended with a fond smirk, "I think they would have been proud to have you as their son." Before Hermione knew it, her best friend had her in a tight embrace. In every squeeze she could feel his appreciation and love. "I love you too, Harry," she said, her voice muffled by the cloth of his winter coat. Little did the witch know, her best friend was on the verge of tears again as he marked the sweetest moment of his young life. "I love you too, Hermione," he murmured into her fluffy curls. After a prolonged hug in which Harry attempted to dry his eyes discretely, he untangled himself from his friend, took her hand, and began walking back toward the entrance of the graveyard. The two friends silently trudged toward the gate hand in hand, both thinking of one another. Hermione was analyzing both the smile Harry gave her and his declaration of love. She had never seen her best friend look at her quite like he just did. She wracked her brain for a comparison. Maybe the look he gave Sirius once he learned he had a family? No. The look he gave to Ginny when they would sit on the couches in the Gryfindor common room? Not quite. The expression stumped her. Hermione believed that she knew every expression Harry had to offer, but that smile wasn't one of them. In an attempt to at least solve one mystery, Hermione turned her thoughts to his 'I love you'. It did not compare to any of his previous declarations of love she had heard from him before. She had heard 'Hermione, I love you! Thank you for saving us!' and 'I love you! Thank you for the gift', but never the low, gentle tone he used when he spoke into her curls. A flighty butterfly beat against her stomach telling her the answer was rather obvious, but Hermione could not, or maybe would not, believe the feelings tickling her insides. It was simply impossible. Harry was her best friend, basically Ginny's boyfriend, there was no way he could feel like that. Get yourself together! Hermione's brain berated. The guy you've supposedly been head over heals for left. Harry is your best friend. He was in distress over his parents' graves combined with recent events, and you comforted him. That's it. Harry's thoughts were flowing in a similar fashion. I swear I saw something in her eyes I've never seen before. They sparkled with something more than kindness. And her 'I love you'. It was almost silky. It sounded off, like there was emotion behind it that isn't usually there. I think I've heard that before though. But from where? The memory caressed his consciousness, then floated just out of grasp, but an odd delightful feeling was forming in his chest. Harry and Hermione were nearly to the kissing gate after walking in thoughtful silence for almost ten minutes. When the couple was a few paces from the gate, Harry blurted, "Why is it called a kissing gate? I've always wondered." The seemingly random question knocked Hermione back to reality. Her exceptional mind whirled until is quickly landed on the information she was seeking. "They were used to allow people out of the enclosure without livestock following. Kissing comes from the way the gates closed together," she began, reaching the gate herself. Upon shuffling to the other side of the gate, she held it closed and smirked as Harry looked at her questionably from the other side. "However, some say it is because only one person can exit at a time, so a lady would pass through first, close the gate on her gentleman, and demand for a kiss for his entrance." Between the wicked smirk on Hermione's face and the insinuation of a kiss, Harry's face began to burn. His earlier thoughts raced past him, and landed on the memory he was looking for. Bill and Fleur's wedding. That's where he heard that tone of voice. Fleur's vows. Harry's heart skipped a beat in his chest. He had never considered Hermione as a girl that could be of interest, not because she held no beauty or an affection disposition, but because by the time he had reached the age to have an interest in the opposite sex, Ron had claimed her. Having Hermione set firmly in the 'off-limits' category from the beginning, he had never given himself the chance to see her admirable qualities in any other light besides friendship. In that moment, with Hermione grinning wickedly from the other side of the gate, Harry imagined Hermione walking beside him as his girlfriend, holding hands and smiling up at him with a grin and love in her eyes. He blinked. She wasn't beside him. She wasn't smiling, with eyes full of love. She was on the other side of the gate, with her brow furrowed and a question in her eyes. In an attempt to rescue himself from a situation he wasn't ready for, he plastered a smirk on his face and leaned in as if to kiss her. Predictably, she lightly smacked his shoulder, giggled, and let him through. The moment passed without incident, and both Harry and Hermione managed to banish any sort of romantic thoughts from their busy minds for nearly two more days. () Harry and Hermione were fighting again. After the incident at Bathilda's house, Harry was left in a foul mood. His wand managed to get snapped in half in their hast to escape Nagani's fangs and was irreparable, leaving them to share Hermione's wand. Hermione had then shown him the copy of The Life and Lies of Albus Dumbledore which she had nicked from Bathilda's house on their way out. Rage boiled up in Harry's chest as he read. Every line held secrets the Dumbledore failed to mention in their many lessons. Hermione was only adding salt to his wounds as she attempted to defend Dumbledore. "Harry, I'm sorry, but I think the real reason you're so angry is that Dumbledore never told you any of this himself." "Maybe I am!" Harry roared, getting up to hold his anger in by rhythmic pacing. "Look what he asked from me, Hermione! Risk your life, Harry! And again! And again! And don't expect me to explain everything, just trust me blindly, trust that I know what I'm doing, trust me even though I don't trust you! Never the whole truth! Never!" His voice cracked under the crushing despair that was threatening to take him over. He turned toward Hermione expecting another round, but instead saw emptiness. The colour was seeping from her face leaving her tanned skin a greyish tone. Her normally lovely chocolatey eyes were dulled and as barren as a tundra. In that moment his anger receded enough to feel concerned. What was happening to his friend? She turned away from him abruptly, a hint of sadness and anger glinting in her eyes before he could no longer read her face. "You act as if Dumbledore is the only reason you fought," she whispered, then disappeared back into the tent without a sound. () Harry had been turning around her words in his mind over and over again. Of course he fought for more than Dumbledore. He fought for his life. He fought because he parents fought. He fought for his friends. Friends. Oh Merlin. Harry crept back into the tent, he found Hermione a few seconds later on the floor next to her bed curled up in a pile of blankets. Her hair was everywhere despite her attempt to tame it into a bun. She was glaring daggers at the book she held in her hands as if it personally offended her. Harry padded over to her nest and settled across from her on the floor, pulling his knees to his chest. She didn't even acknowledge his presence. "I'm sorry," Harry spoke softly, "I lost my wand and my view of Dumbledore and took it hard. But I shouldn't have taken it out on you." He paused, hoping to catch her eye, but she was still looking at her book. He continued, never taking his eyes off of her hoping to at least get her to look at him again. "Hermione, you mean everything to me. You have fought by my side since we were eleven. I would be dead seven times over without you." The last statement made an almost unnoticeable smirk grace Hermione's lips, so he pressed on. "I know I don't say it enough, and I promise to work on that, but Hermione, I am so grateful for everything you do. You have a passionate, caring heart. You're the most courageous person I know, and the smartest person anyone has ever known. You're my best friend, and I didn't just fight for Dumbledore; I fought for you. I want to deserve your kindness and seemingly unending devotion." Hermione was gazing at him, tears in her eyes with lingering sadness and that special look she gave him the other day in the graveyard. Her look made