Note: First, I do not own Harry Potter or any of J.K. Rowling's characters or works. Second, this chapter may look different because I am currently in the process of editing the entire story. I was getting a little disconnected from writing it because it wasn't quite to the level of some of my other work, so I'm making it better. The plot has not changed, just annoying little mistakes and descriptions. Enjoy! Harry, Ron, and Hermione were in N.E.W.T. Potions class with Professor Slughorn who was introducing four bubbling cauldrons at the front of the classroom. Ron was hunched over, near asleep, wondering if potions was really needed to become an auror. Harry was discretely flipping through used potions book he picked up and was trying not to let Hermione see the remarkable annotations that were telling him how to perfect potions and cast new spells. Hermione, in another show of her heightened intellect, reached near remarkable speeds for hand-raising that lesson. She knew every single potion brewing. " It's Veritaserum, a colourless, odourless, potion that forces the drinker to tell the truth." " It's Polyjuice Potion, sir." " It's Amortentia." " It is indeed. It's almost foolish to ask," said Slughorn, who was looking mightily impressed, "but I assume you know what it does?" " It's the most powerful love potion in the world!" said Hermione. " Quite right! You recognized it, I suppose, by its distinctive mother-of-pearl sheen?" " And the steam rising in characteristic spirals," said Hermione enthusiastically, "and it's suppose to smell differently to each of us, according to what attracts us .. and I can smell freshly mown grass, new parchment, ink, and a mahogany cologne," Hermione spewed, a blush creeping up her neck. She looked around to see some students staring at her oddly, surprised to see a response other than 'books', but one student in stood out. Draco Malfoy was turning paler by the minute. Within a few seconds he might be transparent. Why would he—oh. Oh no. " May I ask your name, my dear?" said Slughorn, ignoring Hermione's embarrassment. " Hermione Granger, sir." (HBP pg. 183-185) Draco was mentally shutting down. Hermione Granger, Gryffindor Goody-Two-Shoes and school swot, spilled to the entire class that she smelled his cologne in the love potion. He knew it was his because none of the other students in the run-down school wore recognizable cologne. The other budding teenagers preferred the smell of cheap musk and destitution. Who else in the school could afford to buy their spoils in Hogsmeade and smell like the living embodiment of 'dapper', unless they were as spoiled as Draco Malfoy. Before he knew it, Slughorn asked Draco to smell the bloody potion. He had every intention of lying his arse off, but when the overwhelming scents of the things he loved most in this world filled him as he drank in the sent, he found himself incapable of deceit. "Dragon hide, charcoal, broom polish, lavender and honey," he blurted, blushing all over his alabaster skin. As a child reared to speak with nothing less than either elegance or witty quips, bumbling over his words like a god damned first year was humiliating. He dared a quick glance at Granger to see her looking pale and stiff as Nearly-Headless Nick when he was petrified. Only a few seemed to take notice of her strange response, Draco included. Dread was filling his every pore. How is it possible? How could two enemies be most attracted to each other? When did this happen? He shot her a 'shut-your-mouth-or-I'll-make-sure-the-giant-squid-eats-you' glare and she replied with a gazing that could only say, 'only-if-you-do-too-you-pesky-little-ferret'. All the while, Pansy Parkinson was sniffing the inside of her school robes, not smelling a hint of lavender or honey in her strong, rosy perfume. The Slytherins were quietly giggling at Parkinson's antics and Draco's rather romantic response; he was not going to get away with brushing this one under the rug. Potter and Longbottom were questioning Granger on her suddenly strange appearance, Pavarti and Lavender turning to see for themselves. The rest of the Gryffindors were laughing like a bunch of drunk hyenas, Weasley at their head was joking, "So your most attracted to your mother? That's one way to keep your blood pure." Despite their own muffled snickers, the Slytherins do not condone one of their own becoming the butt of a joke, and they began to crowd around Ron Weasley like a pack of wolves. Draco, now both blushing and angry, swaggered over to the offender and quipped in his normal, bored drawl, "Why don't you smell it? I bet you would smell Potty over there. You know, with your desperate need for attention and companionship, he seems like your perfect match." He glanced quickly at Hermione who crinkled her eyes in a way that said 'thank-you-for-the-diversion', and he replied with a small, not-quite-a-sneer, smile. He realized this was the first good thing he had done for Hermione Granger purposefully. It warmed him, not in an unpleasant way. He let the verbal fighting around him escalate, throwing barbed comments in when needed until Slughorn finally called back attention and proceeded with the lesson. " Anmortentia doesn't really create love, of course. It is impossible to manufacture or imitate love. No, this will simply cause a powerful infatuation. It is probably the most dangerous and powerful potion in this room…" (186) Slughorn drawled. Neither Draco nor Hermione could truly concentrate through the rest of the class. Their minds were drowning in their new revelations. They both seemed to be attracted to each other at the worst time imaginable. Hermione was internally coming un-glued because Malfoy was most likely a Death Eater, and that would complicate the already convoluted situation she was in. She would never help Malfoy with his endeavors as a servant of the Dark Lord, and he would never help the Order- thus going against his family. It would only gave ammunition to Voldemort should anything ever go wrong. On top of that, she was also attempting to wrap her head around the concept of being attracted to Draco -ferret face- Malfoy. She thought for sure her little crush on Ron that she had been nursing since third year would come out when sniffing the potion, not Malfoy's overly expensive cologne. Now she had a small growing seed at the back of her mind telling her that maybe, just maybe, she was unwilling to admit a deeper attraction to her childhood enemy, however, she pushed the growing thought to the back of her mind and buried it with all the torment he had caused her over the years. She had no idea what to do with it, and it's not as if they could ever pursue anything. There was still a tiny bit of her mind that girlishly giggled, in a way that irritated her to the core of her being, Draco Malfoy likes me . No! The overly rational portion of her brain shouted. There are plenty of boys at this school. One must wear the same cologne. It can't be him. So, she pushed down any thought of attraction once more, intent on having a better explanation. Draco, on the other hand, was contemplating the gravity of the situation he was in. With enough reflection while mindlessly staring at his notes, he admitted that the attraction had been there for a while, repressed under his inherited Pureblood ideals. A brief thought wound its way through Draco's mind as Slughorn was describing the brewing method of Felix Felicis. Would it be different if she was Pureblooded? Yes. Everything would be different . However, with admission comes consequences, and his mind began to align with Hermione's train of thought. The Dark Lord will use this against me next time I fail... Snape. While, Draco considered himself quite skilled at occulmency, when hiding a secret of such seriousness, he must go to a master. With a solid plan in place, he began to mull over her attraction to him. This will make picking on her much, much more fun. Even with their distractions, Draco and Hermione managed to brew the day's potion to a quality above the rest of the class, minus Potter who somehow managed a perfect brew. They avoided each other like the plague once Slughorn called the end of class. Draco even stayed later than normal waiting for Blaise Zambini so that he wouldn't leave at the same time as Hermione, and risk being in close proximity to her. Hermione was fidgeting the entire way to the Gryffindor common room. Ron and Harry were too preoccupied with Quidditch game plans and Harry's newly aquired bottle of Felix Felicis to notice her strange behaviour. She was grateful, for once, for their insensitivity for it gave her reprieve from the inevitable questions that would occur once anyone found out about Draco and Hermione's dirty secret. She contemplated talking to them about the subject, but quickly smothered the idea. Ron and Harry's hatred for the boy would cloud any sort of rationality they possesed. Ginny seemed the next best option, but since she was a notorious gossip and keen to tell Harry any and everything, she was also eliminated. It seemed her only reliable option was Luna Lovegood. The dazed girl was both very wise and unbiased despite her air of lunacy. With a firm plan in mind, Hermione planned to corner Luna at their next lesson with the Ravenclaws. She smiled at her brilliancy and sunk into a squashy chair to study. () Later that evening, Draco was lounging in the Dungeon's about to go to Snape's office. He hated to ask for help as it went against his Malfoy pride, but this was a matter of life or death, and as a Slytherin, pride must be sacrificed for survival. However a very clingy Pansy was blocking his way, and he wasn't having any of it. "Drakeyyy," she whined. "You never spend time with us. You can't leave so soon. It can wait. Stay." She attempted to flaunt her chest in a poorly executed venture to delay him, but he that night was having none of her games. "Get off Pansy. I have things I have to do, and I don't need you getting in the way," he ground out, lightly pushing her off his lap and standing up. He knew it sounded harsh, but he hated that she acted as if it was third year and nothing was going on. "Come on. Get that stick out of your arse and have some fun." "I said no," Draco roared a bit louder than intended. Pansy paled and many of the students in the common room now had eyes on him to figure out what all the commotion was about. " He gave me a mission, and you know I can't fail," he said softer this time, but still with edge in his tone. She had to understand the severity of the situation. "Okay," she whimpered, letting go of his arm. She sat down shakily next to Theodore Nott who put an arm around her to comfort her. Draco felt bad that he just yelled at Pansy, but he knew it was necessary. He had to look commanding and in line with Death Eater ideals. Any deviation would mean his mother's life. So, he straightened his posture and headed off to Snape's office. () "Luna!" Hermione called down the hall to the blonde. When she turned around, she gave Hermione an distant smile and slowed down enough for Hermione to catch up to her. "Hello, Hermione," Luna replied airily. "I need to talk to you. Some place private." "I have just the place." Hermione found herself inside the Room of Requirement, and it was full of junk. Luna was the portrait of calm as she zig-zagged through the tight rows inbetween piles. Hermione silently followed wondering why Luna couldn't just find an empty classroom or go outside. "At