Author's Notes: This is a prequel, set seven years before Catching Fire. Note that I work in an AU and only treat the first two books as canon — not Book 3, not the movies; that's just how I roll. I do take bits and pieces from Book 3, and it's less of an issue in a prequel, but still. Thanks to Jo for reading an earlier draft and for her kind feedback! Any errors that remain are entirely my own. Anyone who wants to use my work as a basis for their own fanfic, fanart, podfic, translation, or other transformative work has my permission to do so. Evening Tide by Fox in the Stars based on The Hunger Games and Catching Fire by Suzanne Collins 1: Reaping Day I'm in my nightmare again. I'm a little way out to sea, on what must be a shallow rock because I'm standing in water up to my chest, looking shoreward at District 4 where it slopes down to the ocean in the moonlight. The flashes from the lighthouse catch in the ghostly smoke from the Cannery behind the hill and pick out the silhouette of the Justice Building. Further along the crest are the outlines of the mayor's mansion, the shops on the square, and Mags' house at the top of the Victor's Village. There are lights in her windows and in the windows of the other victors' houses where they zigzag down toward the beach, but they look like a few lonely candles off to the side of the crowded orange lights in the fishermen's houses that spill down the slope to the sea. The glow shimmers off the water, catching in between itself and its reflection the shadows of the docks, the black shapes of the boats all in for the night. I can pick out the light from the window of my parents' house and the shadow of their boat. I can even find my own house in the Victor's Village even though there's no light there. There's no sound except the waves and the distant echoes from shore, but I'm not alone. Below the surface, there are other bodies in the water with me; I can feel them brush against me and just barely see them as pale shadows silently circling. If I try to move, one of them nudges me back. If I start to float up, one of them gently anchors me. If the current pushes at me, they hold me up against it. I can't count them, but I know there are exactly twenty-three of them. I can't see their faces, but I know who they are. They of all people ought to be attacking me. They ought to pull me under and drown me, but they never do. They just hold me here while I look toward home. Eventually I wake up feeling vaguely-but-deeply disturbed, just like every other time I've had this nightmare in the past three years — since I won the Sixty-Fifth Hunger Games. I know I'm supposed to have better nightmares than that. The trainers used to take us — one at a time, no reason to rub it in the Peacekeepers' faces with a group tour — for interviews with the victors, and if we were left alone together some of them would tell me about spending every night trapped in the arena and waking up screaming. But no, I just have this. If they could put it on television, no one would even know it was about the Games except me. Some of the details change, like how much light is on the shore, how choppy the water is or how high — sometimes it's as low as my knees, sometimes like just now it's as high as my chest — but mostly it's always the same, nothing to scream about. At first I didn't even know why it bothered me. Usually it comes a few times a week. Lately it's been almost every night, but I've come to expect that when the Reaping gets close. Today is the day. The first blue light of morning is showing through the window. Between the nightmare and whatever I'm feeling about the Reaping, it's no use trying to go back to sleep. I get up, open the window, take a deep breath that smells like dew and brine, and look out at the opposite view from the one in my nightmare — not in toward shore but out to sea, not clear moonlight but thick haze that gives the lighthouse a soft, pulsing halo. If I lean out and look to the side I can see the waterfront scattered with tiny, distant figures of people, fewer than on a normal day but going about some kind of business. The young "dock rats" are already combing the beaches and shallows for anything that will get them a few coins, begging the few fishermen out this morning for handouts or odd jobs. Two Peacekeepers stand guard by the gibbets, but the nooses and hanging cages are empty; the Reaping is enough excitement for today, and they'd rather show the television audience a pretty seaside where everyone is behaving. Some boats are on the way out, fading into the fog. Out further than I can see this morning they can do some fishing and make it back in time. Out further than I can see on a clear day, the fishing is better, but even without the Reaping to get back to, you wouldn't go too far. Somewhere out there is the Line, the minefield the Capitol built to keep us from sailing away in search of some better place across the sea. In thick fog it would be dangerous even if they kept it marked the way they're supposed to, but the warning buoys are constantly coming loose and washing ashore and are never replaced unless we win the Games; three years after my victory, most of it is an invisible deathtrap in any weather. And if there's something to the stories people tell about the Sirens, if there really are beautiful fish-tailed women out there beyond the Line singing to lure people to their deaths, then I think this silence, where every lonely seabird's cry rings through the damp air... I think this morning it would be too easy to hear them. I see the familiar silhouette of my parents' boat among the ones heading out. I haven't spoken to my parents in almost a year, but I always look for them and for the boat that was half my home growing up. This window doesn't offer a view of the other half, the neat little house halfway up the slope. Halfway up the slope wasn't only our literal address, but also where my family stood in District 4 — and where District 4 stands in Panem altogether. Not so poor you can't afford to have pride, not so rich you can afford not to have it. In our own case, we had our own boat and could keep it in trim. The food was simple but always enough; Mother would even bring home a bottle of wine at New Years and a small cake for my birthday. And there was enough left over for the friendly "loans" people like us were always trading back and forth to keep each other out of the clutches of the bankers — or of my parents' specially-chosen enemy, the Boatman. I grew up seeing what he did to people. End up renting one of his floating coffins and you'd never catch enough to bail yourself out of the bills, let alone the repairs that you did for him at your own expense because your whole family would be held liable if the thing sank. You'd just keep struggling in false hope until you went under and he owned you. Sometimes he'd come walking along the docks to lord it over his victims and taunt the independent owners with "business propositions." My father never answered him with anything but a scowl and utterly forbade me to speak to him. I grew up seeing all the alternatives to our place on the slope, because down at the docks everyone was mixed together. I knew the people further up from us, who could afford sonar for their boats and didn't have to worry so much about the Line. I knew a lot more people further down, the ones who didn't eat so well, who had to risk putting off repairs or struggle with shoddy nets, who fell into bank debts or ended up renting. When I heard that unmistakable khoom from over the horizon, I knew who it was that didn't come back, and sometimes I'd seen them starting to founder in debt, seen something in their face as if they could hear the Sirens all the way from shore. I even knew the dock rats who lived right at the water's edge. According to my parents, you were allowed to feed them if they were small and well-behaved or hire the larger well-behaved ones for odd jobs as long as you didn't pay them too much. I wasn't supposed to hang around with them, trading jokes and diving for a few extra coins' worth of shellfish, but I still did, and I knew their names, too — the ones who vanished to the Cannery or worse, got old enough to be targets when the Peacekeepers got bored and picked some poor, hungry person from the water's edge to hang for poaching. The trainers always wanted us in the front row at hangings. They didn't make us kill poor kids for practice like I've heard they do in District 2, but they wanted us to get used to watching people die. "Don't close your eyes," mine would tell me. "Don't look away." And I didn't, but sometimes my own throat felt sore for days. And my parents would just shake their heads. They might have been the only people in the district who could honestly say they were innocent of poaching, just catching a fish and eating it. We were well enough off to safely get away with it — unless we went too far and kept a swordshark or something — but that way, even as they resented the Peacekeepers like everyone else, they could still shake their heads at the condemned. We could even afford that kind of halfway-up-the-slope pride and its odd rules. You never took anything more at the dock than was due for your catch as weighed, even if you knew the scales were rigged. You never asked to be given anything, even by people who owed you. Those friendly loans could never be called "gifts," but there was never more than a token expectation of repayment; help in kind was expected, but you asked for it as a loan rather than asking to be paid back. In fact, if someone made a point of settling accounts with you it was practically a snub, as if you were a banker and they wanted rid of you. My parents would never even ask for anything from the trainers, who would have been happy to give them whatever they wanted in the name of keeping me well-fed and who were "borrowing" the most precious thing in the world, or at least they would have said so at the time. When the trainers came asking for their only child, no one would have blamed them for refusing. They didn't need to accept as a ticket out of financial ruin, and they looked down on anyone who would. But it was a proud thing, and for my parents, pride was everything. I was six years old, old enough to admire the victors and the older trainees but too young to understand the danger. Reaping Day feels much more complicated now than it did then, when I was innocent enough to be taken in by the