Pictures for this collage were generously provided by Google but the credit of that Blaise Ginny picture goes to RZZMG. This story was written for the Spring Fest organised by Strictly Dramione group in Facebook- a wonderful haven for all Dramione lovers. I urge you to check it out. Prompt: St Pat's Day. Yes, that was all I got. So, I took huuuge liberties with this story. Beta love: Thanks for MMLV for helping me grammar wise. And a huge huge round of applause for SeraNeko Chan who really had her work cut out for her. She helped make sense of my rambled words and pointed out those things were looked really fine to the person who wrote this (yes, me!). My eternal love to my Alpha reader, my bestie, my cheerleader - Puja who' the neverending spring of motivation for me. And a big thanks to my fellow geek, WinchesterGranger who's sweeter than the sweetest cotton candy. Hope you guys like this story. P.S: This is a song fic. So, here's the list of songs I've used in the order they appeared. Lana Del Ray- Young and Beautiful. The Vamps- Somebody to You Magic!- Rude Ariana Grande ft Weeknd- Love Me Harder ABBA- Take A Chance On Me P.P.S: Voldemort died in the First Wizarding War. The Death Eaters were found and punished accordingly. As a result, Lucius Malfoy was not present in Draco's childhood. Eases the story, you know. P.P.P.S: This story will be updated every three days! Yay to finished stories! See, once I have a finished story, I'm gonna update them real fast. Onwards now! Chapter 1 "How is our favourite power ranger today? Saving the world one villain at a time?" asked Harry when Hermione slid across his seat in the Ministry cafeteria which Harry was sharing with Ron. Ron merely raised his brows to greet Hermione since he was busy stuffing his face like the Drought was about to hit. "Not good," Hermione replied after a pause. "Why not?" "The changes I want to enforce in this backwards society are getting rejected at every turn. It seems like even after the war, the people are rigidly set on following the archaic rules and norms," Hermione huffed. "Don't worry, Hermione. They'll see the light soon," Harry reassured. "I think by then it'll be too late, Harry. Looks like I have to try plan B." "And plan B is?" "Induction by exposure to the change. Very slowly. So that the subject doesn't get startled and can see the change without hostility. The change must be induced in such a way that it becomes the new standard and then slowly input in the larger changes as the subject doesn't fear the change any longer. In fact, the subject shall crave the change. Objective accomplished." Hermione ended with a proud grin that would have looked deranged on anyone else, though on Hermione it seemed to fit pretty well. "It sounds like a good plan. But unfortunately, I understood zilch of it." Harry's confusion was clear in his voice. "Metal rock genre was the sound of Devil, remember?" "I seem to recall so, yes." Harry nodded. "And with repeated exposure to such music, it slowly got accepted as a genre of music, didn't it? People didn't run the other way anymore on when hearing the music. It became accepted." A light bulb flashed in Harry's head. "The boiling frog problem. Yes, I get what you are saying!" he said excitedly. "Why would you boil a frog?" Ron asked, confused when he finally tuned into the conversation. "You know if you try to put a live frog in a pot of hot water, it'll jump out and escape. But if you keep it in cool water and slowly heat it up that water, by the time it realises the water is dangerously hot it cannot jump out as it has lost all its energy adjusting to the water's increasing temperature. So in the end, you get a boiled frog," Harry explained. "Merlin's beard, she's rubbing off her genius on us," Ron commented. "You were at an impressionable age when I met you. I can congratulate myself for being able to make at least some of your grey cells tingle." Hermione replied in a deadpan voice. "Hey, I did use my grey cells, thank you very much. They were only blocked because they were exposed to too much of Ron Weasley," Harry said indignantly. "And this Weasley shall make them stop tingle with a nice hex I learn from 'Mione the other day. So shut your cake hole," Ron said without any heat. Hermione laughed as Harry and Ron began squabbling like two seven-year-olds. "So what's your plan?" Harry asked after they sobered up. "Let's just see. I'll take each day as it comes. I hope I can find the way to change soon," Hermione said hopefully. "And cheers to that!" Harry toasted with his bottle of Butterbeer. "Cheers, mate!" Ron added. "Cheers!" Hermione said optimistically. The three of them, then, clinked with their bottles together. Seven Months Later Welcome everyone to our Witch Weekly November special interview of the hottest couple in the block on the one and only Magika Watch. We are your gossip buddies for the latest news on the who's who and who's with whom in town. Today's interview is featuring the Ever Young couple. None other the Malfoys. No, not the oh-so-handsome Draco Malfoy but the elder generation! Today we have with us the elusive Narcissa Malfoy who has agreed to spill the beans about their renewed love life. This is your favourite host Perihaan Bagshaw ready with the top questions posted by other listeners themselves. Perihaan: Welcome and thank you so much for this interview, Mrs Malfoy. Mrs Malfoy: It is my pleasure. Perihaan: So, Mrs Malfoy, care to share your side about the latest spin at the Ministry Ball that took place on the New Year's Eve. Mrs Malfoy: All I can say is that the spice is back to our life. We realised we have been missing out on a lot of things. But now, we are up to speed again. Perihaan: You both are a sight to see on the dance floor. Even I was awed by the grace and the beauty of both your moves. Mrs Malfoy: The right partner makes everything all right. He complements you and brings out the best in you. Perihaan: We have no doubts the walls of the Malfoy manor have been privy to this. But after so many years, what brought upon this PDA through dance? Mrs Malfoy: A lovely witch and her music mended many cracks that were forming due to how monotonous the everyday routine our life had become. She taught that music can be a beautiful way of expressing your love. Perihaan: Ahhh… a cupid? We would love to hear about this special witch. How did she cast her healing spells? Mrs Malfoy: She is a special witch all right. I am not shy about sharing this one. She saw us fight bitterly at a private party, one day. I'll admit that being a woman I feared that I'll lose the battle of age in time. It is, after all, inevitable. But a woman needs reassurance. I can vouch that for every woman out there. But it also hurts our pride to ask our other half if we look as beautiful as the first time we met. If…if we still look the same to them. This…this lack of communication was creating upheavals in our private life. He couldn't understand my despair and I saw him not paying any heed to my insecurity. It felt as if…as if he no longer cared. Lovely Miss Granger one day came up to me when I was silently mourning my troubles and she assured me that she wanted to be a kind ear for me. Perihaan: I don't think Miss Granger and you have the same social circles, do you? Mrs Malfoy: she is an excellent planner. And I have often used her services to organise for the various party and balls we host. That brilliant girl was a kind soul to this old woman. Perihaan (interrupting): I don't believe anyone will call you old, Mrs Malfoy. You still reign as the social rose. Mrs Malfoy: You are making me blush. (A tinkering laugh). Well, this girl then gave me a song. She told me that nothing can help us express ourselves better than a song and that miscommunication will often ruin relationships. And I listened to her. I planned this private dance at our ballroom and we danced to it while Lucius paid his full attention to the song's words. And he knew. Merlin, he knew the troubles that were aching me. He reassured me that not even time will be able dull his love for me. In fact, it will only serve to make it stronger. Perihaan: Here I thought things like this only happened in novels. Mrs Malfoy: May Merlin bless Miss Granger. She brought new vigour and colour in our fading life. Perihaan: And what fateful song would that be? Mrs Malfoy: It was a Muggle song. By someone called Lana Del Ray. It was Young and Beautiful. Perihaan: With this, we come to the end of our short interview with the gorgeous and timeless beauty Mrs Narcissa Malfoy. Thank you so much for joining us today, Mrs Malfoy. Mrs Malfoy: I had a lovely time. Perihaan: So long then my listeners. This is Perihaan, your teatime friend. But don't forget to tune in for the next show where we are going to— A click switched off the radio filling the room with a pregnant silence as Harry turned to face a squirming Hermione in the plush seat on the right side of the fireplace. Ron sat opposite to her and Harry slowly sat down on the loveseat facing the fireplace. The two men sat there, staring at Hermione who was visibly wriggling in her seat. "Care to explain that?" Harry asked tonelessly. "Yeah," Ron added. "Eh… changing the world one song at a time?" Hermione said questioningly. Harry and Ron's face didn't change their expression. After a little wriggling, Hermione huffed, "Oh for God's sake, I saw her sitting at a private table at the new bistro in Diagon Alley, looking very, very sad and forlorn. So I—" "So you approached the Malfoy matriarch and brightened her day?" Ron quipped. "Sort of," Hermione mumbled. Harry didn't say anything more. He leant forward. "I am just…more like…very surprised." "It seems so," Hermione stated the obvious. "You are good at this," Harry commented. "I really didn't think you would be able to make the older Malfoy generation dance to Lana Del Ray. You remember, Ron, how Narcissa actually crooned the lyrics to a blushing Lucius right in front of everybody at the Ministry Ball?" "It was bloody hilarious." Ron snickered, no longer able to hold the serious expression. And Harry joined him, laughing with his head thrown back. "Wait… you guys are not…angry?" Hermione asked puzzled at her friends' antics. Ron said between laughs, "Hahaha! Why would be angry? It was so brilliant. I mean, our genius here made the pureblood celebrities dance to a muggle tune. It was…" "Too good." Finished Harry. After the three of them subdued a little, Ron asked, "So… what's next?" It was a Friday night and her friends had managed to drag her out of her home to get some fresh air. They had even managed to contact their closest DA friends and so right now Hermione was teaching them pub-crawling. "So, basically we are going to go there and drink at as many different pubs as we can?" Neville asked unsurely. "Yes," Hermione answered cheerfully. "So, what are we waiting for? Let's go!" Seamus exclaimed excitedly. "The catch is we are going pub crawling in muggle London," Hermione said halting the group in their tracks. "But