Prompt: 15. Prompt: They've gotten themselves into another bout of trouble. What is it this time and how do they get out of it? "How do we keep getting into these situations?" -Harry "Eleven years of friendship and I still don't know." -Hermione Suggested Kinks: Banter, Comedy, Fluff, Humor, Pretty much anything not listed in squicks Squicks: Infidelity, Ron bashing, Scat, Vomit, Watersports Additional comments: Have fun with coming up with a situation for them. Is it being caught in an ambush? Out in search of a wayward Death Eater? A compromising position? If you go with the last, I don't want Ron flipping out. Any rating. Untitled Prompt in Roll-A-Partner Collaborative Writing Challenge (Anonymous) Love to our beta, Liz! Winner for "Best Fluff" and "Most Creative use of Prompt" in the Hermione's Haven Roll-a-Partner Collaborative Writing Challenge. Runner up for "Overall Favorite Story", "Best Overall Collaboration" and "Best Plot Development" This story was written in response to RaP collaborative writing challenge organised by Hermione's haven facebook group. It is written by JuweWright and me. Hope you guys enjoy my first ever Harmony story. "Everybody drop whatever you're doing! We have a problem!" Justin Finch-Fletchley stormed into the office. His attire - usually dapper and stylish - looked a little dishevelled. Hermione had almost dropped her freshly brewed cup of coffee at his entry and looked up, brows raised. "Merlin's beard, Justin!" someone exclaimed in a bored tone. "What's it this time? Has your owl escaped again? Has your favourite football team won the world cup? Or has your mum made another attempt at telling you to get married and have children already?" Harry appeared from behind his desk. There was a huge wet spot on his trousers and he swore profusely whilst trying to rescue a pile of paper from the tea he had just spilt all over his workspace. "For once," he said in direction of Justin, "I am quite in accordance with Draco. This better be good or I will have you write this whole tedious report for me. I spent hours on this and now it's papier-mâché thanks to one over-enthusiastic git!" Justin didn't seem to be too impressed by the promise of having to re-do Harry's paperwork. He was still agitated. "There's a traitor!" he exclaimed. "Somebody's trying to unmask the wizarding society." About ten minutes later, all available Aurors had gathered in the small conference room they used for briefings these days. Harry was still sulking because of the destroyed report and Draco made a point out of being incredibly late and very slowly munching away on a chocolate frog while reclining on his seat with a bored expression on his face. Hermione met Harry's eyes and knew he was thinking the same thing as her. Although Draco was part of the "good guys" now and was an invaluable colleague who had been in charge of five very successful raids in the last year, he was still an insufferable arrogant nightmare. "There have been e-mails sent out to pretty much everybody who owns a computer telling people to gather in certain places to 'witness the danger in our midst that magic presents'. One watch-spot is right in front of the Leaky Cauldron. You know that there are hardly any wards around it. The only thing that has been in place there is a charm that makes people look the other way. But if people are told to actually watch the place, the enchantment is quite useless." Several hands were raised. Draco's among them. The blond man didn't wait for Justin to give him the word though but just blurted out: "What Muggle-nonsense is an e-mail? And why should we be bothered by people receiving them?" "It's like mail," Hermione explained calmly. "Just very much quicker and more efficient. By sending out an email, you can contact people all over the world in less than seconds. It's quicker than most of the magical means of communication." Justin nodded approvingly and thankfully. "Hermione's right. E-mails have become a problem, I believe. As technology advances, more and more Muggles are using computers on an everyday basis. And they also tend to read and send e-mails quite often." He waved his wand at the huge board behind him and some bullet points appeared while he kept talking. "We know that about 600 Million people have access to the internet with the number getting bigger each day. That's almost 10% of the world's population. If we look at Britain only, the number is much greater. More than 50% of our Muggle residents use the internet. And almost all of them will have an e-mail address. So, our friend just contacted every second Muggle and told them about some of our best-kept secrets." From somewhere along their row of seats, Hermione heard someone state with a matter-of-fact tone: "What a disaster." Even Draco seemed to grasp the scale of the problem now. "Do we have any clue who he is?" "We don't," Justin said. "But I have established a connection to the Met Police force and I guess we might be able to call on their help." "Is that the obliviation-exception he handed in after the last case?" Harry murmured, his mouth almost touching Hermione's earlobe. She nodded. "Guess his mum won't have to bug him about getting married anymore then," Harry grinned. "That failing," Justin carried on, "I have a fall-back option." Hermione chuckled. "His cousin is very into hacking other people's computers," she whispered. It took the Aurors a while to discuss the particulars and it was finally decided that Hermione and Harry would be assigned the case. As Justin had two other cases running already and was all too happy to leave it in their hands, they were the only two Muggle-borns working for the Auror office and they'd be much less conspicuous navigating the streets of Muggle London than any of the purebloods would. Justin would let them know particulars as soon as he had managed to get the information he needed either from his possibly-girlfriend at the Met, or from his familial connection in the hacker business. As it was vital they go after the person behind this issue as soon as possible, it was decided they should both wait for orders at the Ministry. Hermione sighed. "I will need to get word to someone to look after Crookshanks. He gets grumpy when he doesn't get his food," she said while getting up from her chair. "It's a miracle that cat's still alive, Granger, he's ancient," Malfoy sneered from his side of the conference table, then grinned. "I can feed him though, I don't mind." She shrugged and nodded. "No touching my clothes," Harry heard her mutter under her breath as all three of them left the room. "No mess in the kitchen. The wine in the fridge is not for you, but feel free to take the cookies. And any books you borrow…" "... will be returned to their original place on the shelf within two weeks. Granger, I know the rules. And you know I know them and stick to them." Hermione elbowed him, but it was a friendly gesture rather than anything rough enough to inflict pain. Something in Harry's head did not like that at all. He had noticed before that Hermione had become quite friendly with the blond aristocrat and it just seemed to be - wrong. Ron and her, okay that had been one thing. A strange thing, as they were in no way compatible. They had found that out pretty quickly after the war and done their best to get back into the friend-zone. He'd been glad to have the old balance back. Especially after Ginny had left and moved back into the Burrow he had felt a little left out with his best friends dating each other. But he had never been jealous of Ron. He had never felt that weird pang he now felt anytime Draco and Hermione started their bantering again. "See you tomorrow, Draco. And thanks for the Crooks-sitting." "My pleasure, Granger." "Come on, Harry, let's grab some coffee and wait in the library. The only place in this bloody building that feels even remotely comfortable." A couple minutes later they were installed on one of the old battered sofas in one of the library's reading-nooks. Harry had to agree with his friend. The library stood in stark contrast to the rest of the ministry. Where everything else was pretty modern for wizard standards and made to serve a purpose in the most efficient way possible, the library looked like it had fallen out of time. It smelled of wood and parchment and ink and dust and the fire in the open fireplace always kept it quite warm. Hermione sipped some coffee from her huge purple mug and closed her eyes as if she had never tasted anything as delicious. Harry loved seeing that expression on her face. He'd never grow tired of it. The way her lashes wove into each other, how the dimples appeared on her cheeks, how the corners of her mouth just turned up ever so slightly. It made her look younger and reminded him of their Hogwarts days. All of the hours they had spent in the library, all of the adventures they had had together, all the times she had had to wake him up during Professor Binns class, all the times she had had to repair his glasses after he had managed to break them yet again - One would think that if you grew up together and were so much at ease with each other, if you had been friends for the better half of your lives, there was no space for feelings that went beyond brotherly platonic affection. One would be terribly mistaken. "So, Malfoy, cat-sitting. And not for the first time?" Hermione blushed slightly and took another sip from her cup. "I can't believe you're still harbouring your hatred for him after all this time." "He called you a Mudblood once." "He was an actual child." "He was a git… wait, no… he is a git. He's still self-obsessed and arrogant and…" "About a million other things that are quite common in our society yet go unscathed most of the time." "I still don't understand why he feeds your cat. I mean, couldn't you call Ginny or have Luna pop by or…" "I had Ginny cat-sit Crooks before. She does an amazing job. But she has to fly a broom tonight and if you had thought for even a second, you'd have remembered that, because you still have her matches marked down in your calendar as far as I know. Asking anybody else - even Luna - would be quite horrific, because Crooks generally hates people and he only makes exceptions for very few of them. He adores Draco for some weird reason. I mean, they never crossed paths when we were still at school, but the first time Draco was over at my place, they bonded instantly. I have never seen Crooks jump on anybody's lap with quite that enthusiasm." Harry wanted to ask what the hell Draco had been doing at Hermione's place. Why had the ferret even visited her? Why had he been allowed to sit? - The natural predisposition to a cat jumping onto your lap was sitting, after all. He considered whether it was something he could ask without sounding weird and possessive. He decided that, yes, it was normal to be worried about your muggle friend hanging out with a former Death Eater. Alone! In her own house! Hermione laughed and shook her head. "Harry, I am not a ten-year-old little girl that needs to be looked after. We were working on a project and it got quite late. Draco's quite the gentleman so he saw me home afterwards - he's just as afraid of me getting stolen by some murderous maniac as you and Ron - and