Hey guys! Please let me know what you think! Elana was nearly in hysterics. She ran blindly through the undergrowth, hoping to see something that resembled her idea of her location. She could not see anything beyond a few trees ahead, the moon already high in the sky. Her feet carried her quickly, though not far when she came to a clearing. She looked around and once again tried to gather her bearings. Trees. That was all she could see. They were just there, looming high over her head, intimidating, frightening, suffocating. There was a small glint of the moonlight through the branches, not hardly visible. It was growing late. She scanned as far ahead as she could. The trees only seemed to grow more dense farther ahead. The clearing she was in now was the first opening she had seen. The undergrowth here was a little more sparse. Taking the opportunity she had to have a break from confinement, she half sat, half collapsed on the ground, out of breath, reflecting what has happened to this point. She had went out walking on her own during the day. She wasn't aloud to go trekking through the woods alone, and now she knew why. She believed she had enough experience to keep her bearings, but she proved herself wrong to find herself very, very, lost. She drew her knees to her chest and let out a shuddering sigh, tears staining her small face from crying for such a long time. She should have just obeyed her mom. She knew it was a bad idea, though she still thought she would be just fine on her own. She wasn't nine anymore, having just turned ten years old, for crying out loud, and she was in a whining, crumpled heap on the forest floor. She tried to remember what had happened to initially make her lost. She had went into the small wood near her home, and without her mom's consent or knowledge, was alone. It was a beautiful day, with few clouds and a cool breeze. She had followed the trail she always had with her dad or grandpa before. She was merely walking when a rabbit darted by, heading away from the trail when she stepped on a leaf, alerting it of her presence. As she watched it hop away, she grew curious. She had never gone in that direction before, so she thought there could only be more to discover. She wouldn't go far.. She went the direction the rabbit had, the tall grass tickling up passed her knees. The trees grew a little more dense the farther she went, though not by much. Enjoying the feeling of discovery, she heard a small stream flowing nearby. When she got closer to the sound, she saw it flowing steadily along, fairly shallow. They hadn't received much rain lately. Excitedly, she walked to it and kneeled down, minding the mud. She dipped her hands in it, enjoying the coolness of it. When she pulled her hands out, she shook them dry and pulled out her phone to see what time it was. It was hardly a phone, just a small flip phone with no cell service, but it took pictures and told the time well enough. She had begged her mom to let her use it after she got a new one herself. She gave it to her as an early birthday present. The screen lit up and read, 4:33. Good she thought. Her mom didn't get back until 5:30, and decided she still had enough time to enjoy herself more. she sat down completely by the water to take a picture of it/ feeling satisfied with the one she got, she decided to rest a little, and leaned back against a tree. She hadn't noticed that she began to drift off to sleep. When she had opened her eyes, it had grown darker, almost dusk, and in a panicked frenzy, stood and began to walk quickly in the direction she came. That was when she noticed that nothing seemed to look familiar at all. Did the trees not have more leaves before? She broke out into a run, though a stubborn root seemed to stick up intentionally for her out of the ground, and her foot caught on it. She had walked farther until had grown too tired. Elana came back to reality when she heard a low rumble of thunder a ways off. Well that's just brilliant. Her heart now pumping a lot harder than before, she tried to remember what her dad would always tell her. He would want her to keep calm, not panic.. Think logically. She took a deep breath and stood shakily to her feet. She loped around once again, and tried to discern one direction from another. The only issue was the sun wasn't out, it was the dead of night, and she had no idea what part of the sky the moon was in verses the direction. It was also extraneously quiet, until she heard another roll of thunder vibrate through the sky, sounding even closer. oh no.. She looked around, trying to find something she could use as shelter. Frightened even more now, she took off in a random direction in search of a large tree, cave, rock, anything that would keep her dry. As she stumbled through the leaves, she tripped and slid countless times. I don't remember there being so many leaves on the ground before.. The thought was thrown away when she spotted a small hill, which had rocks that seemed entrapped in the ground halfway, leaving some large crevices between them. She saw a larger overhang, which seemed to form a small cave-type shape. She rushed over, feeling the beginnings of a storm sprinkle on her nose and arms. Though it was easier said than done, because there were countless other rocks strewn about, which were very difficult to navigate through, especially with her sore foot. When she had finally reached the foot of the hill, she realized a problem. She would have to climb in order to reach the rock overhang. Suddenly there was a blinding flash of lightning, and soon after a crash of thunder bringing along what seemed like buckets of rain. She frantically started to climb the already-wet rocks, excessively glad she had worn her sneakers instead of flip flops or sandals. Carefully but quickly, Elana used bits of grass growing between the rocks as a grip to pull herself up. It really was not that steep, thought it was a lot more difficult than one might expect. With that thought, her foot had slipped, and she lost her hold on the grass and slid down a bit. Wincing when the rock had bit into any exposed skin, she was relieved to see that she didn't slip far. She tried not to cry as she attempted climbing again, this time reaching the overhang. She pulled herself in, minding she sharp bits of rock, and went as far back as she could. It was not very deep, but it kept her from getting anymore wet than she already was. It was cold. She hadn't really noticed it until now, but now she could feel the wind blowing rain at her, biting at her stinging scratches. She wrapped her light jacket around herself, providing little protection but some comfort. She looked down to see that she was absolutely filthy. Her jeans were smeared with mud, her shoes were hardly recognizable any longer, and the shirt she wore was soaked through and through, with dirt smeared on the front. She had worn her sister's shirt that day, and it took a lot to convince her to allow her to do so. Though now she ruined it, and one would not be able to see the design of her state on it. She tried to put away the guilt she would have to face when she returned home. "Now what?" she asked herself. Deciding to wait out the storm, there not being much she could do in the poring rain anyway, she huddled as best she could in protection from the cold, sharp wind, and couldn't help but let out a sob, the tears coming in streams now, breaking the wall she had tried to keep up. She had fallen asleep like that, crying and praying to God that she would be alright. Elana woke up shivering. She moved her hand in search of her covers, trying to pull them up when she must have kicked them back in her sleep. Instead she knocked her hand on something hard, jolting her fully awake. As soon as she opened her eyes, everything came crashing down at her at once. The air was thick, and humid, reminiscent of the rain from before. Feeling extremely stiff which realizing she had stayed in the same position the entire time, she let out a gasp as she unbent her legs, never remembering a time she felt so sore. As she stretched a bit, she felt a little better, though her foot still hurt. When she had felt an uncomfortable stickiness on her face, she brought a hand to her check and hissed as she accidentally roughly rubbed one of the many scratches she earned from trying to climb. Removing her hand, she cautiously looked outside of her shelter to find it hardly dawn, the sun barely over the horizon. Looking down, she felt a pang of annoyance as she realized that the rocks she struggled up were not nearly as high, or large as they had seemed in the dark. She then stiffly swung her legs over the edge and carefully crept down to the ground. When she put all her weight on her feet, her foot didn't hurt as much as before, but still was a little stiff. After bending it a bit a bit to loosen it up, she continued walking. Though she didn't get far when she heard a voice. It was a cruel, scratchy, angry sound, and any other voice she would have grown joyous, but this one made her blood run cold. She saw a bush and darted for it as quickly as she could, all but jumping behind the scratchy leaves. Whoever it was, was not speaking english. It sounded harsh, almost painful to listen to. Then she heard another voice respond. So there's more than one of whoever it is.. With some loud rustling, the voices grew closer. With her heart in her throat, she stepped back as quietly as she could, ready to make a run for it, no longer caring that she was lost. Though when she started to run, she wasn't looking where she was going and fell, letting out an 'oomf' when she hit the ground. The voices stopped. With her limbs shaking uncontrollably, she stood once again and took off once more. Something whizzed passed her ear. She saw it plant itself into a tree near her, and she only half-processed that it was an arrow, poorly aimed for her. The voices grew louder, angrier, more commanding, which pushed her to run faster. Though it was not long until she felt a rough hand grab her by the neck of her shirt and hair, pulling her back. Elana let out a scream as it grabbed her arms, and lifted her in the air before tossing her like trash on the ground. She pushed herself up, urging herself to get up and run, but she couldn't bring herself to as she coughed and hacked, trying to get air to enter her lungs once again. "Now what do we have here?" Barked the same gruesome voice, but no longer in the unfamiliar language. Elana looked up, and gasped (painfully) at the two large creatures standing before her. They were black, with disfigured skin and bodies, wearing harsh looking armor with very deadly, dark looking weapons in their evil looking hands. These were not