Chapter 1: Impatience Katniss' POV What would it take to break me? Apparently snow figured that out before I did myself. Ironic; I tried to convince snow that I was in love Peeta to assure our safety, but it just brought the opposite. Snow didn't want me to convince him to ease the rebellion. He wanted me to convince him so that he could gain leverage on me; something to use against me when the time comes. He knew all along that I was the face of the rebellion and he knew all of this when he visited our house at the beginning of the victory tour. He planned out everything before I even realized that I loved Peeta and now he's using him to break me. I lie on the bed of the hospital; completely still, not knowing whether the two of them will come back. It makes me feel uneasy; not knowing if I was going to end up with Peeta or if I was going to lose them both. I tried to distract myself, but I couldn't seem to get the idea out of my mind. Tick tock. Tick tock. With every passing second, the idea haunts me longer. I wanted to cry, but I was afraid that they might sedate me again and I don't want that to happen. Minutes pass and I'm reduced to walking back and forth around the room; anxiousness creeping up in my heart. I tried to making knots to distract myself, but it didn't help much. The silence was deafening and I couldn't take it anymore. I was about to scream my head off, when Haymitch walked through the hospital door. "How you holding up, sweetheart?" asks Haymitch, but there was no hint of his former humor in his voice or his face. I could only see my own anxiousness echoed by his expression. "How do you think?" I say. I meant for it to sound sarcastic, but it came out wryly instead. Haymitch nods before taking a seat at the foot of the bed. The silence stretched on until he spoke up. "They're going to be fine" says Haymitch "If they didn't believe that they wouldn't be doing this at all" Haymitch's last sentence sunk in. Does it mean that they would leave Peeta at the Capitol if they couldn't save him they would just let Snow torture him more. Haymitch sees my distress and clarifies. "All I'm saying is this: they wouldn't take that risk, if it wasn't worth it" says Haymitch. He eyes me with appraising eyes "And it's clearly worth it" "What if they fail? They'll torture him even more. Snow will do anything to break me" I say, but my sobs made my words barely coherent. "Sweetheart, They won't let anything happen to them." Haymitch says "if they have to blow up an entire army of peacekeepers to get them. They'll do it" Of course they will. I think. They will get them out or die trying. I shudder at the thought. "They're not back, yet" I say in a nearly inaudible whisper. Haymitch just shakes his head. "It's probably just a minor step back" Haymitch says with a shrug. He leans forward and places a comforting hand on my shoulder "We're talking about Peeta. Do you really think anything is going to stop him from coming back to you now?" the corner of my mouth twitches, but not quite a smile. . Hours passed and they still haven't come back. The time is the only thing I can think about right now and the more I thought of it the more I got impatient. Impatience, I guess that would be appropriate. Impatient to see Peeta again, for them to come back, for me to confirm that they're still alive, that's all I really needed confirmation that they may still be alive. I headed down to special weaponry, which was down below and find Beetee, who was sitting on a chair, while his fingers drummed at the metal table. He looks up and gives a timid smile. If there's anyone I can go to for confirmation, it would be Beetee. He's the one who planned the whole rescue operation, surely he might have an inkling as to whether they're still alive or not, right? "beetee, what's going on with them, why are they not out yet?" I asked, while Beetee just took of his glasses and flicked a few switches, before a holographic map of the capitol sprang up from the table. Beetee just explained to me how his plan worked. I knew that he was trying to tell me that they're still okay, but all I understood was that it involved knockout gas distributed by the ventilation system and an explosion on the far side of the Capitol to divert their attention. Beetee seemed to tell That I wasn't following anything, but he said that it was a good sign because the enemies won't be able to follow or understand his plan either. "like your electricity trap in the arena?" I ask "Yes, and see how well that worked out" says Beetee. Well…..Not really. I think. . It's midnight and I was about to curl up into a ball and let the misery have me, when Haymitch came sauntering down to my compartment "They're back we're wanted at the hospital" haymitch says and my mouth opens with a flurry of questions, which he silences. "that's all I know" I wanted to run, in fact I wanted to sweep off the bed and race through the halls of district thirteen to find him, but Finnick was still curled up into a ball looking confused by haymitch's words. I took him by the wrist and slowly led him to the hospital room like a child. It took an agonizing 15 minutes and when we arrived the hospital was in total chaos. Nurses were zipping around; carrying patients if not medicine. One nurse got my attention, when I saw that she was pushing a table with a bald woman who looked so thin that her bones were evident under the scabbed and badly bruised skin. Johanna Mason. I think. She was tortured worse because unlike the others she actually knew rebel secrets. I felt a twinge of pity for her despite the fact that she hated me with all her being. No one deserves to be tortured like that. "Finnick!" Something between a shriek and cry of joy sounded in my ears. A lovely, if not bedraggled woman runs towards us in nothing, but a sheet. She slammed on with Finnick and suddenly it's as if nothing else in the world mattered to them. They were trapped inside their own world. I felt a pang of jealousy. Not because they were together now, but because no one could doubt their love. Anyone would just have to look at them and they would see the love between them. "We got them all out except Enobaria" Boggs says. He looked worse for wear than the others "Peeta's in the room at the end over there" Boggs pointed to the end of the hall. Peeta. Alive and well—okay maybe not well, but alive. Away from snow. Safe. Here. With me. In a minute I can see his smile, hear his laugh, and feel his warmth. Haymitch is grinning at me. "Come on, then" I'm light-headed with giddiness as I approached the room at the end of the hallway. What will I say? Oh, who cares what I say? Peeta will be ecstatic no matter what I do. He'll probably be kissing me anyway. I wonder if I'll feel that hunger that overwhelmed in the beach again. Before I can answer my own question, we we're already at the door. We could see that Peeta was being examined by a trio of doctors. I was a little disappointed that my face wasn't the first thing he saw after his wake up, but he sees me now. His eyes widened and disbelief and a smile stretched across his features. "Katniss" his voice whispered and it was filled with the same kind of joy that I thought was lost forever. The monitor that displayed his heart rate started beeping frantically, then he was suddenly on his feet and running towards me "Katniss" he calls my name with pure joy and love. Long out of patience, I ran to him my arms raised to embrace him and we locked ourselves in each other's arms. I was vaguely aware of the sighs of awe behind me, but right now I couldn't focus on anything, besides the warmth of his body, his arms, which were wrapped tightly around my waist and my back, and the smile on his face that I thought I had lost forever. "You're as beautiful as the day I lost you" Peeta's eyes begin to tear up and I can feel my own tears welling up in my eyes. He moved his hand and caressed my face. I pressed his hand closer to my cheek and closed my eyes. I didn't want to speak, I didn't want anything to ruin this moment. I've never felt this happy since that afternoon in the arena. I gave him a genuine smile, while my tears welled up and spilled over my face. "Don't cry" he said, while he leaned in and pressed his forehead to mine. The simple gesture overwhelmed me with a sensation, similar to the hunger I felt in the arena, but this was much stronger. It was almost mind-numbing. I curled my toes wallowing in the sensation of joy and happiness. Getting more impatient with the delay, I leaned and crushed my lips to his. I could feel that he was startled, but he doesn't pull back. On the contrary, he leans in closer; his lips moving in ways that sends a ripple of desire rushing through my entire frame. Sensing more of the hunger my lips moved along with his in synchronization. I curled around him so that our bodies were closer to each other. My arms were wrapped around his neck, while his hands were wrapped around my waist. I was wrong. This didn't feel like the kiss in the arena, not by a long shot. This was so much more potent, much more overwhelming, and much better. I can't seem to bring myself to stop and neither could peeta. When we finally pull back after what felt like hours. We just stared into each other's eyes. He was smiling at me as if all his torture meant nothing anymore, while I couldn't bring myself to even force a smile. I still couldn't get past the deep circles under his cerulean eyes, the deprived look of his face as if he's been starving for months rather than weeks, and worst of all the drained impression that his entire body suggests. I touched his left cheek, which was sickeningly pale and my heart constricted, as if my chest was being squeezed. During the arena I promised myself that I would do whatever it takes to protect Peeta, and yet here he is now, battered, abused, tormented and there was nothing I could do about it. On the contrary, I was the reason he experienced so much pain because I was the mockingjay. "I'm so sorry" I get out in a broken sob, before I smashed my face onto his chest; hiding my tears. Peeta's hand began brushing against my hair reassuringly saying things like; it's okay or I'm alright, but I know that he's beyond okay and alright. "It's okay, katniss, we're okay now" He whispers in my ear before planting a kiss on the top of my head. Somehow the warmth of his lips slightly calmed me down, until my sobs were reduced to quiet whimpers. He rubbed my back soothingly. "So, how are things, Peeta?" haymitch asked casually and I could almost see the glare that Peeta was giving him.