Chapter 1: I smell a wolf? Death Note Owner13: I don't own the Percy Jackson and The Olympians serious. I wish I did... I really like this book series... now I am just rambling... gomen... I mean sorry... hehe Japanese. New story, hope you enjoy it. Percy Jackson walked slowly up the hill to his summer camp, Camp Half-Blood. He came up to the shield that circled the camp. It prevented monsters from entering the camp. The source of the shield was a magical tree where the golden fleece was held on the lower branch. There was a small dragon about the size of a large wolf guarding the tree's fleece. It lifted it's head when Percy approached, sniffed the air and growled at him. It pulled back his lips revealing large sharp teeth. The spiny frill on it's back rose up and it's pupils slitted. Percy eyed the dragon wearily, unsure how to react. The dragon stood up ready to attack when a growl went through the air, but it did not come from the dragon. Percy pulled back his own lips and let loose a growl. His own teeth were large and sharp. Let me pass. The dragon started to whimper, it backed up and tucked it's ears back, tail under it, head down low. It was backing down. He smiled at it, flashing two sharp pairs of larger than normal canine teeth. "Good boy." he walked passed the dragon slowing slightly when crossing over the boarder. "Ah, Percy! Glad to see that you could make it." a voice called up to him from down the hill. Percy looked down and saw Chiron. Percy closed his eyes, threw up a waving hand in greetings and flashed a huge grin of fangs. Chiron galloped up the hill on his four horse legs. He smiled at Percy, not noticing the fangs. "Hi, Chiron. It's great to see you again. So what's up? Anything new?" "Nothing here? Anything interesting happened to you?" Thoughts flashed through Percy's head. Pain, blood, freedom, the wild "Nothing much, but my mother's boyfriend told me he was going to ask her to marry him." "That's great, Percy!" Chiron trotted in place for a few steps. Percy looked around him at the camp, at his home. Then a thought struck him. "Do you know where Annabeth and Grover are?" "Hm? Oh yes, they are down at the sparring arena." "Thanks, Chiron, see ya later!" The young half-blood yelled after him. He turned and ran, at a speed almost nonhuman, to the sparring arena. Chiron watched Percy run off. He did not tell the boy that he had seen the way the dragon reacted to him or the fact that he slowed down when crossing the shield. Chiron shook his entire body, his tail flicking at his legs. Something is up. I just hope everything is okay. Percy ran all the way to where Annabeth and Grover were. He approached the clearing silently. He saw them sitting on a log together. Annabeth was reading a Greek book, Grover drawing in the dirt with a long stick. Percy smile at his friends but he staid hidden in the shadows of the forest. Grover's head popped up and he looked around them. His higher sense nose sniffed and he tried to place the scent. Percy cursed. He had been down wind but it had shifted direction. His now stronger, more predator smell was now wafted over to the half goat. "What is it, Grover?" Annabeth asked. "I-I smell a. . . wolf?" Grover stood up, his prey instincts wanting to take over. "What? But how can that-" "Hey, you guys!" Percy jumped suddenly from the trees. "BAAAAAAAAAAA!" Grove bleated. He backed up quickly and tripped over the log he had been sitting on earlier. Annabeth rolled her eyes. "Percy! It's great to see you! We were getting a little worried about you." She threw her arms around him in a hug. "We thought that you weren't going to come this year!" Percy chuckled "You know all the monsters would have killed be by then" Grover finally picked himself off the ground and punched Percy playfully in the arm. Percy winced as pain seared up his arm. The pain raged up his shoulder and down to the pit of his stomach. His eye sight took on a tunnel vision but he was able to pull himself back. Neither of his friends noticed "Hey man, don't scare me like that. I almost had a heart-attack!" Grover smiled as he shifted his weight between his hooves. Percy smiled back at his best friend. "It's great to see you to, man" Percy replied with another toothy grin. RIIIIIING! the dinner bell rang, the noise echoing through the entire summer camp. "Looks like it's time for dinner." Annabeth turned to him "You coming?" "Nah, I'm not that hungry. I think I'm just going to go to bed early." Percy's smile slipped a little before he turned back to his cabin, the sun just starting to set. Percy laid down on his bed inside his cabin. He pulled off his shirt slowly and looked at the dry blood crusted bandage that was wrapped around his upper arm. He pulled off the bandage slowly and it started to bleed again. Percy sighed and started to wrap a clean bandage around the bite wound. Grover had to have punched him there. Tomorrow night. Tomorrow night was the first full moon of the next three nights. Pain racked his body and he shook. It was just a simple tremor, his body reminding him of the next night. Percy took a deep breath in a ignored the pain. It wasn't even a full moon yet he could feel the wolf inside him wanting to run free. It didn't matter if that wolf was him or not. The pain of the transformation was enough to cause him to want to die every time. That didn't matter though, he was a werewolf and that was that. Chapter 2: PERCY! WHERE ARE YOU! Death Note Owner13: I don't own Percy Jackson and The Olympians serious! Although I wish I did because if I did it would just be so awesome! I could really make Percy a werewolf! That and he would not end up with Annabeth because I'm a yaoi fangirl! YAOI! hehe, gomen, i'm rambling like I did in the first chapter... hehe. Again goman ... Percy sat in his cabin, waiting for sleep to come and cover him. He knew tomorrow night would drain him. Percy always had to transform on a full moon. He could never stop the transformation, and it always hurt when he did transform. Percy usually, during the change screamed and begged no one for the pain to stop. It wasn't like Percy could only transform on a full moon though, he could turn into his wolf self whenever he pleased. Percy just loved the feeling of the moon shining down on his jet black pelt. The full moon almost seemed to give him more freedom, and when he howled his problems to the world it seemed that only the moon listened. Percy sighed as he remembered when he first became a werewolf. ... "Hey Mom, Paul, I'm going out for a walk. I'll be back before dinner!" Percy yelled to his mom and Paul, his mom's boyfriend. Sally looked up from making dinner as Paul was setting the kitchen table, "OK, just be back soon, the sun has already set." his mom walked over to him and then whispered in his ear, "and don't forget Riptide" Percy smiled and nodded yes to Sally. She smiled back at her halfblood son as he opened the door and ran off to the lake that was about a 10 minute walk from here. It was dark as Percy jogged up to the edge of the forest, he remembered when he and his mom lived in an apartment in the middle of New York. His mom had gotten a new job and a lot of money so the Jacksons and Paul moved out to a small cabin that was in the woods, it was pretty far from the city. Percy really like it a lot here, he could run around and make a lot of noise and there were no neighbors to yell at him, but he didn't do that very often because he like to watch the nature. Plus there was a lake not far from here he liked to hang out by. Although the fish were very talkative sometimes. He could just see the lake past the trees when a low deep growl came from the bushes just past him. Percy stopped and his hand subconsciously went to Riptide, his sword disguised as a pen, inside his back pocket of his blue jeans. Percy slowly turned around as a giant white dog slowly stalked out of the bushes. "Hello there big guy, are you lost?" Percy questioned as he knelled down and outstretched his right hand for the dog to sniff. The dog stared at him, its pure white slivery white pelt almost seemed to glow. It suddenly crunched low, its teeth bared and a low growl came deep from inside its chest. Percy's smile fell from his lips as he slowly stood and started to back away. SNAP, Percy stepped on a branch that lay on the ground, the sliver dog lunged at him, set off by the sound. Percy's eyes widened and he turned and ran towards the lake, the huge dog on his heels. If I can make it to the lake I can fight it off. Percy dared to look back just as the slivery white animal made a lung at him. He spun on the spot and the dog turned and bit him on top side of his right arm. It stung, no more than stung, it felt like he was being stabbed with a white hot knife filled with poison to make it hurt more. Suddenly the dog turned and ran, as if it was afraid of what it had just done. Percy stumbled up, the weight of the huge dog had pushed him to the ground. He tripped and almost crawled to the lake, the pain was so great and it was getting worse and had started to spread up and down his arm. It was wet and Percy noticed that red iron blood seeped out of the bite. Smoke was coming off of the wound. Percy fell to his knees in front of the lake. He plunged his entire arm into the lake, waiting for it to heals him. It didn't, the water that usually healed him stung and burned the bite even more. It spread throughout his entire body, the pain was so great that Percy's world spun and blurred. Young lord is hurt! What do we do?! HELP SOMEONE! the fish screamed. Every sound hurt Percy's head. "Shut up you stupid fish, you're making it worse!" Percy screamed through clenched teeth. The fish seemed to shrink back at his anger. Percy stumbled to his feet. A sudden wave of excruciating pain ripped through his body, Percy threw his head back into the air and let loose a scream that seemed more like a howl than anything. He stumbled back from the lake and tripped and fell back. The sound of crunching filled Percy ears, the pain was almost unbearable. The crunching was from his bones, they were changing. His arm and legs crunched and formed into what seemed like the legs of a dog, his hands shrunk and shoved into paws. Percy's tail bone lengthened and his face scrunched up and lengthened into a muzzle. "W-what's happening t-to me. N-no please! PLEASE! MAKE IT STOP! IT HURTS! AGHHHHH! PLEASE! JUST STP!" Percy screamed as the pain increased. Percy coughed and blood spewed out of his mouth/muzzle. Jet black fur spread over his body, his clothes seemed to melt