So this fic, is something that has been on my mind for a while, and I have finally managed to put fingers to typing ...? It was originally called: Awakening eyes to my own, which is probably much more poetic and fitting, but then Strangers on a Train is one of my favourite movies, and so I could not resist. STRANGERS ON A BUS Part One: I am Katniss Everdeen ~xXx~ Only child, Katniss Everdeen, perhaps since existence, when faced with a situation she did not agree with, she would always try to find a way round it. Always one for the early morning, whilst still in her mother's womb, up until the day she was born would churn the poor woman's insides out until she had no choice but to comply to her daughter's demands and be up with her the rest of the night. Regardless of the fact that she had to be up early in the morning. When she was five months in the womb and had learnt her father's voice and touch, she would persist until she could hear her father's voice and feel his touch against the walls of her current confinement. Again, regardless of the fact that he had to be up early in the morning. When her mothers waters broke at 9:00am, May 21st; Katniss kept her mother in a long sixteen hour labour until she was ready to come out. You get the picture, and this was even before she learnt to talk or walk! Her mother disapproved immensely of her insistence to push boundaries, tirelessly claiming it was stubborn and in the long run, a most negative trait. Her father, on the other hand, blew away his wife's complaints, conviced it was a very admirable trait. 'This one', he would beam down at her, 'this one, is going to go far'. But, Elias Everdeen, never saw how far his daughter went, dying in a car accident when Katniss was the tender age of six. Leaving, Lily Everdeen, to deal with their daughter's resistance for authority. Present day ... Aged 22 Monday, January 26 : 07:47 Dressed in her summer green trench coat, tan gloves and shoes, rich red scarf and hat, Katniss sits on the 07:45 bus to work. She should have been sat on the 07:30, but like always, she is running late for her hour commute to work. The fifteen minute delay did not matter entirely, she could still get to her 09:00 class on time. Having all of fifteen minutes to speed walk from where the number 12 bus drops her off, to her classroom on the fourth floor of San Francisco Prepatory School for Environmental Development Studies. There, she could set her students a five minute brain teaser, while she quickly ran to the staff room to get her folder with the resources for that class. Smoothe sailing. All she has to do is figure out the brain teaser, but then, she glances down at her wrist watch, she has a whole hour and two minutes to formulate one. Although , she will probably leave it until the last fifteen minutes, whilst rushing to her class, again, like usual. So, instead she has an hour and something to turn off and try to ignore the loud conversations going on around her. Why, people think that other people want to know their business, she will never know. It is a bright but chilly, San Mateo morning, and she watches the scenery change from suburban two story buildings to more urban multistory complexes. The bus approaches the area near where her father's accident happened and still, over fifteen years on, she finds her eyes turning away - Falling, onto a pair of large inquisitive blue eyes. Deep, like the ocean near sunset. Bundled warmly in an all encasing white baby puffer snow suit, it is hard to tell whether it is a boy or a girl. It eventually gets bored of Katniss and rests it's head on it's ...? Short blonde curly hair poking out of a beanie hat, broad shoulders fill out a close fitting black coat, light bristles of blonde hair are highlighted in the sunshine. His head moves to the side, and Katniss snaps her attention back out the window. From her peripheral she catches the gentle kiss he places a top the baby's forehead. Moving the hood of it's suit slightly and exposing a few strands of dark brown curls, before affixing the hood back. ... father's face. The baby rested its head back on his father's face , Katniss thinks and smiles, something unsettling lying in her stomach. The bus stops. It waits. It wait longer. "University campus!" the bus driver calls. "Fuck", Katniss mumbles. This is her stop. She has been taking this route for eight months now, even the bus driver knows this is her stop; her fellow regular commuters too. Face heating, she feels everyones stares, witnessing her caught off guard because of a pair of deep blue eyes. A thought niggles as to whether they are looking at her, if he is looking at her, but decides better against turning around to see, and instead concentrates on getting off the bus. "Half asleep this morning are we deary?" the elderly bus driver asks. "Yeah, something like that", Katniss smiles warmly, but falters getting off the bus. She cannot help it, this is the first time she has seen them on this bus, she may not see them again, so what does she have to loose? She turns back to the man and his baby, but only gets his profile as he stares out the window. ... It does not matter how riled up him and his baby has got her, he clearly not been phased by her presence. Katniss shakes her head foolishly at herself, and feeling more than slightly dejected, turns to get off the bus. She is shaking herself again, when a loud voice calls her to stop. "Excuse me!" A loud masculine voice... Her hopes raised, she turns as slowly as her feet will let her ... to face a guy who is not him, but does hold her bag in his hand. She resists the great urge to turn and see if she has now managed to interest his attention, walking over to retrieve her bag, mumbling a thanks. Her eyes catch his form as the bus leaves but she has still gone unnoticed to him. "Fuck Katniss", she curses herself. Get a fucking grip. Tuesday : 02:03 Rolling over on to her side, Katniss grimaces when she sees the time. She has to be up in five hours. Ready to teach a class on environmental management in urban areas in seven, and does not feel that one bit of weariness. She sighs, returning to lying on her back, and stares up at the blank ceiling above her. Deep blue eyes invade any chance of sleep. The baby had looked so small, so vulnerable and yet so content just being with its father. The sick coiling feeling returns to Katniss' stomach. Her perception of all babies were endless tears, screams and tantrums, where nothing you do to please them is enough. Strains on your nerves, life, relationships and your pocket. And why bring a baby into this world as it is anyway? Just the other day she read how a teenager gunned down a load of pre-schoolars and their teacher while they were having story time. Humanity. Not to mention what they are doing to the planet. Imagine, the poor children ... the poor parents, who put so much love into a person only to ... she could not imagine it, she did not want to imagine it, and blinked away the tears ebbing at the corner of her eyes. She breathed in deeply and then back out. But this one, Katniss thinks back to the baby on the bus, this one was not like her stereotype, this one was just still. It intrigued her to know whether this baby was an accident? Whether there was a reason it was just with its father ... where was the mother? Had their relationship twindled maybe since the birth? Were financial constraints because of the baby causing issues? Dreams having to be put on hold indefinitely? And yet, Katniss replays the kiss in her head, he had kissed the baby so gently, with such love and care. Katniss groans inwardly, get a fucking grip Katniss! 08:18 Katniss tries to deny it to herself, but she is looking out for them every time the bus stops. Holding her breath as to who gets on. And this stop is no different. She does not know why she was so concerned with the other stops as she is pretty sure if any stop, it is this one or the next one that they are going to get on at. The 07:45 bus is quite popular, and because of this, the regular commuters unofficially have their designated seats. Katniss' for example is the second row behind the push chair and wheelchair users on the left hand side of the bus. The person who sits next to her, 'Florescent Green Skullcandy Headphones', gets on the stop after her. The seat that baby and it's father sat on is usually belongs to, 'I Like to Bitch About My Mother-in-Law with Lady Next to Me'. She is surprised that no one said anything. Katniss clocks him coming onto the bus with the baby sling, and quickly averts her eyes out the window before she can be caught looking. She counts two minutes in her head before she turns to spy them out. They are in the same seats as yesterday. And those beautiful inquisitive blue eyes are staring at her. Katniss smiles, turning away. On odd feeling of satisfaction flowing through her, that those hours spent yesterday thinking about them was not to waste, that she did not go completely unnoticed to one, well at least one of them. The bus stops at the next schedule stop, and sure enough, 'Bitch About My Mother-in-Law', is unimpressed by the seating arrangement, her eyes scan the first few front rows, and we all turn our heads away shamefully. Who could say no to a handsome guy and his baby? She lets out an overdramatic sigh and walks down to the back of the bus, where there are plenty of seats, but you have to deal with the loud rowdy school children. Katniss herself used to take this bus - too 'cool' to take the school bus - and distinctly remembers thinking how all the stern stares from the 'old folks' were unjust and how much they needed to get a fucking life. She shakes her head at herself, how she was wrong. Although, Katniss thinks, 'Bitch About My Mother-in-Law', the way that she can talk, she will fit right in! Katniss flicks her eyes back to see whether the baby is still watching her. It is. But on settling on Katniss' eyes again, it slowly lowers its head back on to its father, resting it's eyes to sleep. Katniss smiles, wondering if like her it does not like sleeping in the night? She wonders if it is putting a strain on her parents' relationship. She recalls how her mother always used to complain to her about how she never liked to sleep in the evening when she was supposed to. Although it had not effected her parents' relationship negatively. No, they were in love. True love. And look where that got them. It is not until Katniss turns her face away from the approaching site where here father died, does she realise how much quitter this bus journey has been, without the usual passenger two rows in front of her, and she realises she has this mysterious man and his baby to thank. But she would never get the courage to do so, besides he is a