I leaned against the cool brick wall of the Hogwarts Express station, eyes squeezed shut, trying desperately to shut out the noise and failing miserably. I didn't want to be here. I didn't want to be shipped off to the middle of Scotland, whether Reg and Mum were coming with me or not. I knew I shouldn't be angry. Reg had always wanted to go to Hogwarts, just like Mum, and his dad. He'd always wanted to meet his cousins and aunts and uncles, always wanted to be a big Quidditch star. And Mum couldn't handle being in charge of Azkaban anymore; seeing my dad there, being reminded of my conception... It was bad for her. But, I was angry. I loved being alone. I loved doing work all by myself, staying in my room, visiting my father. I loved the quiet that Azkaban offered. I loved spending time with the temporary prisoners, in there for small things, and I loved listening to their stories. It was weird, I know, but it was what I'd grown up doing. It was what I was used to. This, however, was insane. I was so internally upset with what I had to do, where I was being forced to go, that I couldn't even use my abilities as a metamorphmagus. My hair was wild and practically untamable, a muddy orange, my skin pale and covered in freckles, my body abnormally thin on top, abnormally round on bottom, like a pear. The only thing I could do was braid my hair in two tight, wide braids, don too-baggy clothes, and slather makeup on my face. No amount of concealer covered my deep brown freckles. I didn't know these people. Or, most of them. My god-brothers, Lorcan and Lys, were first years, but I hadn't seen them. Luckily, Auntie Luna was a professor... Unfortunately, she taught Care of Magical Creatures, a class I definitely did not want to take. "Just breathe, sweetie," Mum's low, calming voice whispered. I opened my mossy eyes and saw hers, identical to mine. My mum and I had the same pale, freckled skin, and our hair was the exact same other than color; hers was a deep chestnut, so dark it looked black most of the time. Our facial structure was the same, and we were the same height, but her body was much wider and curved like a perfect, full hourglass. She kissed my cheek. "I'm sorry." "Don't be," I said gently, voice so similar to hers. "You shouldn't have stayed as long as you did." "If I hadn't taken this job, I wouldn't make you go." she said for the millionth time. "If you hadn't taken this job, we'd be homeless," I pointed out. She got a wry smile. "That we would," she whispered. "Besides," I added. "You've always wanted to be a professor here." Mum smiled. "Yes, well. I'm still sorry you have to come along." "I'll be fine," I assured her, forcing a smile. "I've got my mother's endurance." Her eyes twinkled at me. "I hear she'd got a ton of it," "That she does," I giggled. We stood in silence for a moment, before she spoke. "Where's Reg?" "Off to find his family," I said, then nodded my chin towards him, hugging an old ginger-haired woman. His grandmother, if I wasn't mistaken. Mum looked, then smiled warmly. "I should say hi, as well," she said, voice suddenly quite sad. When Mum was seventeen, she started dating a boy one year younger than her, named Fred Weasley. They'd dated until his death, at the Battle of Hogwarts... right before she'd found out she was pregnant with his kid. About five months later, out popped my brother, Regulus. After Fred died, Mum couldn't be around his family for very long without crying. To this day, she couldn't manage to look at his identical twin, George, who had been her best friend for a long time. Once every couple years, Reg would go over to his grandmother's house to visit with all of his family, though from what he told me, none of the cousins really talked to him. In fact, only his grandparents and George actually spoke more than a few words to him. "Alright," I said. Mum only frowned, eyes sad, before looking down at my feet and croaking feebly, "Will you come with me?" My heart melted. I shuddered; I hated when she was so sad. She still loved Fred, very much. I nodded. "Of course." We walked over, and the woman who had been hugging Reg saw Mum and smiled brightly, hugging her close. "Sovereign! Oh, it's been far too long!" She hugged her for a while, and I looked at who surrounded us. An old man with brilliant orange hair stood beside someone I recognized as George. A pretty black woman stood beside him (who was probably George's wife, Angelina), each hand on a shoulder of their kids, a mixed boy and girl, both probably around thirteen. I believed their named were Fred and Roxanne. On the other side of the old man was another interracial couple, who I knew as Ron and Hermione Granger. They also had two children, a boy and girl, though I didn't know their names. The girl was probably around my age, and she looked identical to her mother, with very dark skin, a brown Afro, and big, brilliant taupe eyes. The boy had tan skin, baby blue eyes, and curly red hair. None other than Ginny Potter leaned her head on Ron's shoulder, hand in the hair of her daughter, Lily, who resembled her greatly. I didn't see Harry or their other four children, James, Albus, Ruby, and Robby. I knew all about them from magazines. Reg moved towards me and pulled my by the arm closer to the group, who looked at me. I clung to my brother, anxiety taking over, and peered at him for a moment, comparing him silently to George. Unlike the majority of the group, Reg was not a ginger. Instead, his hair was pitch black, a trait that ran in our mother's genes, and it was wavy. He was tan and freckled, though, just like George, and his face and build was remarkably similar to him, other than his eyes, which looked just like Mum's and mine. He rubbed my arm reassuringly with his thumb. "Is this your sister, Reggie? She looks just like your mum!" Reg's grandmother cooed, then suddenly grabbed me and squeezed me tightly. I froze and breathed very quickly, reluctantly hugging her back, until she released me. She smiled at me, very pretty, very sweet. I managed a small smile in return. "What's your name, dearie?" "S-Sovie," I whispered, then swallowed. "Like my mum." "Oh, very nice! And how old are you?" "Fi-fif-fi-fi-" I swallowed and hugged myself. "Fifteen," Reg finished for me. "She's got anxiety, and people scare her." "Oh, my," the woman said, taking a step back. "I'm sorry, sweetie." I smiled, moving into my brother once more. "I-it's ok-kay," "Who's your dad?" Ron's son asked. "I didn't know your mum was married." I shriveled into my brother, who spoke for me. "She hasn't one, Hugo. Drop it." "Everyone's got a dad," Hugo's sister insisted, less rude and more... Something I couldn't name. "She doesn't," Reg said in a low voice, fiddling with the kinks at the bottom of my braid. "But-" "Rose," Hermione said softly. The girl promptly quieted. "So, Sovie," George smiled charmingly my way, and a little anxiety fell from my shoulders. I smiled back. "What classes are you taking? Three of the cousins are fifth years, two Slytherins and two Hufflepuffs. You'll have core classes with them, of course, but maybe you'll have some electives together, too." "I'm taking Magical Theory, Study of Ancient Runes, Divination, and Ghoul Studies," I replied quietly. "Dominique's taking all of those, as well as CoMC. Albus is in Magical Theory and SoAR, but I've forgotten about Molly-" "She's in SoAR and Arithmancy," Angelina said. "Right," George said. "Soar? Comk?" I asked, confused. "SoAR is short for Study of Ancient Runes, and CoMC is short for Care of Magical Creatures," Reg explained. "HoM is History, and DADA is Defense Against the Dark Arts." "Oh," I replied. Just then, five more people walked up- two adults and three kids. The dad was tall and quite handsome, with long scars across his face. He had long orange hair and black gauges in his ears. He looked cool. The mother was stunning, with silvery skin, glittering platinum hair, and a perfect, thin body. One of the two girls was nearly identical to her mother, but covered in freckles, just like her father. The other girl had fiery orange hair and looked like a girl version of her father, still gorgeous but not quite as striking as her sister. The last child was a boy, who had mousy brown waves, smooth tan skin, shimmering blue eyes, and dimples. He was very cute. "Alright, Sovie," Reg said. That's George, Angelina, Fred, and Roxanne," Reg pointed to them. "That's Papa Arthur, or Mr. Weasley, I suppose," He pointed to the old man who smiled and waved my way. I smiled back. "That's Ron, Hermione, Hugo, and Rose, and that's Ginny and Lily." Reg smiled at the family who had just joined. "That's Bill, and Fleur," He said, and I smiled at the adults. "That's Victoire, the blond, that's Dominique- a fifth year, like you, and that's Louis." He grinned my way and I smiled, then looked at Dominique, who was checking me out. "I'm a Hufflepuff," Dominique said. "What do you think you'll get Sorted into?" "Slytherin," Regulus said immediately. "Just like me, and Mum." Dominique nodded slowly. "Cool. But hey, if you get Hufflepuff, we can hang. Well, I mean, we can hang anyway," Dominique corrected herself. "I just mean we'll see each other a bit more if you'e in Hufflepuff." I nodded slowly. "Maybe you can introduce me to more people, too. Like, your friends, or whatever." I said quietly. Victoire snorted. "She doesn't 'ave friends." She said in a rather startling French accent. She laughed at my reaction. "Our mo'zer is French; our fa'zer is eenglish. Domi's accent eez mainly ze latter; mine eez mainly French' Louis' ezz both." I nodded slowly. "Good to know." "I have Teddy," Dominique shrugged. "Teddy eez my boyfriend," Victoire explained to me. "And Domi's only friend. He eez a seventh yeer 'ufflepuff." "I see," I said quietly. "But yeah," Dominique said. "We can hang." "Teddy's my god-brother," Reg said. "The metamorphmagus?" I asked excitedly. "Yeah... But, unlike you, he likes to use his god-given face." I rolled my eyes. "If God intended me to look the same everyday, why would I be a metamorphmagus?" Reg laughed at me. "Alright, it's getting close to eleven. We should get on the train." As if on cue, what I could only hope and pray to be the last of the Weasley family came over; there were so many. The famous Harry Potter came up behind Hermione, and James, Albus, Ruby, and Robby swarmed their parents. James looked a lot like a young Mr. Weasley; very tan, covered in freckles, and sporting short, brilliant orange hair. His eyes, however, were a deep hazel. Albus looked truly identical to the images of young Harry in all the magazines, minus the lightning scar and silly glasses. Ruby was pale, with eyes that looked just like James', and long, thick red hair. Robby had messy brown curls, bright blue eyes, peach skin, and a face full of freckles. A nerdy looking ginger with crazy glasses, arm around a pretty, tan blonde, with two daughters came up, one with a short orange bob and one with long red hair. The orange haired girl was short and plump, and the redhead was tall and scrawny. And, finally, (most likely Teddy, the metamorphmagus), walked in and stood beside Harry. He was as tall