My contribution to the PJO/HoO minibang over on tumblr. I mostly thanked everyone on there. Here, I want to thank ChaosEmperorNex for his general help in telling me what was wrong and such. I fear there are still numerous amount of mistakes, but hopefully, it isn't too unbearable. Growing Pains "Tell me a bedtime story." Nico snorted. He chose a spot in the furthest corner in the cell where he faced the padded walls graffitied with crude stick pictures of teddy bears, racecars, and stick-figure families. Just because he was stuck in the Playpen- the cruelest teen-run prison every KND operative feared-, it didn't mean he had to listen to the teenagers. Nico traced a racecar. He guessed there was a plus to being stuck here, his reputation among the KND would soar. It was said only the teen samurai's most notorious enemies were to the Playpen. "Don't be like that. I'm giving you the opportunity to run your motor mouth." Nico's lips curled into a sneer. The teen talked more than the kindergarteners. His fingers followed the lines and drawings. There was no conversing with the enemy. Teenagers were like snakes. They'd been tricking kids for generations with their sticky words of deceit. "I'll give you candy. I know little shits like you go gaga over Reese's Pieces or Sour Punch . I could get you some. All you have to do is tell me a story." How were there pictures in here? No crayons, color pencils, no fun was allowed in the Playpen. He felt a sharp spike of jealousy. He wanted to make his mark on the walls: Numbuh P-51, one scratch and skull. The teenager laughed. It was ominous in a way a kid's voice wasn't, edged with that weighty deepness. It was an unmistakable sign of impending adulthood. Disgusting. "Why would I think to bribe you? You aren't like the other brats." Nico heard small pops as the teenager cracked his knuckles-or was that his back?- and a pleased sigh. The chair scrapped against the floor. The teenager was leaving. Nico's finger paused on the bow of the teddy bear. He waited for one last jeer, one last goad to try and get a reaction. "… goodnight Nico, we'll try for story time tomorrow," the teenager said. Soft. Lingering. Nico shivered. The bright lights above him buzzed like a bug zapper before they flickered off. Stupid teenager. The difference between teenagers and kids was an obvious duh. Teenagers were so eager to join the grey, adult world. Teenagers forgot about fun. They forgot the simple pleasures in life, like cavities and skinned knees, the knowledge of dangerous monsters that lurked in every adult, the joy of the ice cream truck's melody, the camaraderie of hanging out without any icky cooties. Teenagers were stupid! They pretended to have everything figured out when they had no idea. Teenagers just left behind everything in a false bid for greatness. Stupid. Stupid. Stupid. Kids were, no, are different: better, smarter, everything. Nico vowed to be a kid for as long as possible, to uphold the values of the Kids Next Door. He would prevent all acts of adult tyranny and teenager treachery. He sought to make the world a better place for children. That was why he ignored Numbuh 13's barked orders to stay with his cell and wait for backup. Why Nico held T.I.Z.O.N.A., black as night, tight in his hands, and rushed straight into the fray. Why he knocked down and jabbed every teenager that came within swinging distance. Why he engaged this teenager alone. The teen was dressed like a skater boy clichè. His jeans were ripped like someone had taken a pair of scissors with them and gone crazy. He wore an AHS blue hoodie and their crest, CAPTAIN, scrawled in fancy-pansy cursive. An oddly decorous Greek helmet with chipped blue-green painted wings, sat princely on his wild black curls, a stark difference to the usual samurai helmets the teenagers wore. Ah, the teen was different than the usual grunt. The teen's eyes crinkled in amusement when they landed on Nico. The teen took out his own weapon from the sloping scabbard around his waist. The teen pressed a button on its golden hilt. His eyes trained on the glowing, baby-blue sword. It was about three feet in length and every time the teen moved it, it made the suspicious nyoom nyoom sound. If that was what he thought it was: no fair. "Is that a lightsaber?" Nico asked. "Yup," the teen popped his p's. "It was a birthday gift." The teenager leaped forward. He swung his lightsaber. Nico was immediately on defense. The teenager was good. He expected that. Teenagers were a dangerous bunch. KND operatives were told (loudly and over and over again) not to engage teenagers, unless they were specialists in combat fighting or with a partner. Obviously, Nico was neither, but— he spun around. He narrowly evaded a hit, and thrust his own sword. That was such an unfair rule! He could take on one measly teenager by himself, high-level or not. He didn't need any help just because the teen was a few years older. Teenagers were just like any other enemy. Teenagers and kids were on the same level! "I hate you," Nico spat. Nico grunted as he backtracked away from the sword's edge. He took a running start toward the teen only to be met in the middle. He fended the teen off. "Your insults need work, kid." No matter where Nico swung his sword, the teen was one step ahead of him with that stupid, stupid crooked smile. Nico ran right back in. All finesse was thrown out the window. He just wanted to stab and bruise. The teen was nimble, he evaded each and every one of his attacks. Somehow, he twisted and turned, fluid as water. "Stop!" Nico demanded. His attacks became more vicious. Their swords clanged together. "Stop playing with me! Fight me, I'm not a kid!" The teen's smile dropped as if genuinely surprised. "Aren't you? You're just some whiny little brat trying to stop the inevitable." Nico faltered. His hands shook. "Nuh-uh!" There was something that bubbled and frothed within him. Something that made everything sharper yet blurry at the same time, his heart thudded against his chest as if trying to come out and his eyes burned. Stupid teenager was wrong as usual— it wasn't him that was trying to avoid what couldn't be avoided— he saw an opening and he went for it, his aim sure— it was the rest of the world that was in a hurry for something that wasn't so great, leaving him alone — "P-51!" Nico turned for a split-second. Numbuh 79 ran toward him, her golden eyes determined, her cinnamon curls bounced around her face. Numbuh 8 lumbered behind her. In that split second, the teen grabbed him from behind. The teen gave him a gentle nudge to drop his weapon. The teen pulled Nico close. His lightsaber hummed as it was pushed under Nico's chin. "Stay right where you are!" the teen shouted. "One wrong move and he gets it." Nico scowled, he hated the look on Numbuh 79's face. "Don't threaten them!" he snapped. He tried to send Numbuh 79 a calm look. "Just do whatever with me." "Protective." was that a smile Nico heard? "Whatever," he scoffed. "You've won. Take me hostage, or let go." The teen hummed loudly in that obnoxious way, as if he didn't already have a decision in mind. "I've got a party to go to, I don't have time to babysit munchkins." Nico bristled. He shifted against the teen, so what if he cut, burned, whatever against this fake lightsaber. He was done with this teenager and his insults. Nico hated the goosebumps the rose along his arms and neck and the chill that slithered up his spine and in his insides- all of this because the teen leaned in like some weirdo. His nose brushed his ear. "Smile, sunshine." The teen let him go. Nico almost crashed to the pavement. The teen was dashing away in his peripheral vision. His blue lightsaber was bright against the dim light. Numbuh 79 wrapped an arm around his waist while Numbuh 8 looked about ready to chase after the teen. Nico shook Numbuh 79 off. The dying sun behind told him they were running low on time. "Leave him. Reyna's decommissioning," he said tersely. Numbuh 79 mirrored his frown as she curled an absent finger around a curl. He picked up his sword from the pavement. His frown dug deeper at the skid marks he saw as he sheathed T.I.Z.O.N.A. It would need another paint job soon. Nico started to walk toward the parking lot. He had zero doubts Numbuh 13 would scold him as soon as he set eyes on him. He'd probably also harp about the importance of teamwork and listening to orders. Nico just wasn't in the mood for it today. The decommission ceremonies were held the night before the new school year. He would officially be a seventh grader tomorrow. The penultimate checkpoint to his own decommissioning ceremony, whoopee . "Do you want to play Go Fish?" Why should he bother to talk? Scratch that, why did the teen bother to talk to him? None of his other guards talked to him. "Checkers? I think Travis has a board." The only board games he played were with Numbuh 79 and Bianca. They were on a month-long hiatus from their Monopoly game. Nico was definitely getting JFK's Airport and Disney World whenever they resumed. "You're a chess dork. Annabeth is the same way; she says it's a way to be more strategic. It sounds like bullshit." Nico never looked at the teen. Still. He found that, almost against his will, his brain built the image from awhile back. His bluish-green eyes. His skin brown skin from day's outside in the sun. His messy black hair- the type Nana Demeter whipped out a comb for. "Hands-up-seven-up? It would be pretty boring since we would be the only two playing. Although, I suppose I could get others…" How long would they hold him for? A week or two at most? It was Spring Break, and after that, the teenagers were usually on the down low, much more interested in prom and graduation. "You're right, too boring. I Spy? There's only your cell and the hallway." Would he be able to bathe? It wasn't particularly high up on his needs. Nico had no problem with staying in the same clothes for weeks. The teens kept up with food: cheetos, orange soda, and a peanut butter and jelly sandwiches with a pudding cup for lunch. Breakfast was lunch. For dinner, he got Sprite and a McDonald's happy meal in the original red box (no toy privileges, the savages). "It's like our roles are reversed. You're the sulky teenager and I'm the kid that just wants to have fun." Nico grunted. "A response! You don't like the idea, do you? Being compared to a teenager? What are you in seventh grade, thirteen? That's a teenager. You're one of us!" He crossed his arms over his chest. How was Sector VII running without him? It probably wasn't in chaos. Numbah 8 was a pretty reliable second-in-command. "How does it feel to be one of us? You have freedom to see PG-13 movies." Numbuh 13 should be okay, he had such an unnecessary tendency to worry about him. As the Supreme Leader of the KND, he couldn't afford favoritism for any one operative. "Maybe stay up a little later." Nico had a mountain of homework to do. Could he get his homework? Nico knew homework was the symbol of adult evilness, sure, but he couldn't just fail pre-algebra because he got captured. "See that girls don't have cooties —" He hoped someone remembered to feed Cerberus. Bianca and Numbuh 79 never remembered. "—really