It was a Hogsmeade weekend and Hermione Granger was bored out of her mind. She promised to have lunch with Ron and Harry and the Three Broomsticks, but now she could tell that it was going to be a long day for the "Golden Trio". Not only was this lunch boring, but it was fairly awkward for everyone involved. Harry and Ginny had decided they were better off as friends after the war, and it was still too fresh of a breakup for it to now be awkward for them. Ron and Hermione were in a new relationship still learning the ropes of things. The four of them were having a good time until Ron had brought up the upcoming Christmas holidays. "Ronald you cannot just assume that Harry and I want to come to your house for Christmas," Hermione said after Ron's presumptuous statement. "Well why the bloody hell wouldn't you two be staying with us Hermione? You're my girlfriend and he's my best mate," Ron said around a mouth full of food. "Don't talk with your mouth full Ron." Hermione said in return, her nose crinkling in disgust. "Ron I want to spend the holidays at 12 Grimmauld Place. I need to get the place cleaned for after the school year anyways. Merlin knows Sirius needs the help, seeing as how I will be living with him," Harry said. "I told him I would stay with him and help. I need to look in the library and see if I can find something on memory charms to get my parents back," Hermione added in. "That's actually a good idea you guys. I'm sure mum will understand as long as you both stop by for Christmas dinner," Ginny spoke up for the first time that afternoon. "I don't think it'd a good idea at all. Why can't you stay at the Burrow and go there and work sometimes?" Ron asked as he took a break from eating. "Because I'm sure Harry does not want to be there with his nightmares and bother Sirius all the time Ronald," Hermione said finishing her salad. "I would rather have the help, but I don't want to be the reason for fights." Harry said sipping on his butterbeer. "Don't worry Harry you won't be the cause of any fights. I'm staying with you over the Holidays and Ronald will get over it," Hermione said "Now I'm going back to the castle before it gets too late. I think Blaise was wanting to do some homework together in the common room." With that she left Harry and Ginny with a fuming Ron. As Hermione made her way outside she noticed Blaise walking towards the castle. "Hey Blaise wait up," Hermione called out, carefully running across the icy path towards the Slytherin. "Hey Head Girl Granger," Blaise said as she caught up to him and they fell into an easy walk back towards the castle. "You know I have a name," Hermione said with an angry huff of annoyance. "Woah Granger. What has your knickers in a twist today?" Blaise asked snickering quietly so she wouldn't hear him. "Ronald doesn't approve of my plans for the holidays and tried to tell me I was going to stay at his house and leave poor Harry alone all that time, because Sirius will no doubt be gone a lot," Hermione said as she looked around the snow covered town. "Oh great here comes that idiotic friend of yours. Tell him to bugger off Zabini," This was the first thing that Draco Malfoy heard out of Hermione's mouth. "Oh good Granger's in a mood," Draco said as he fell into step on the other side of Blaise. "Granger just break up with the dolt like I've been telling you all year, and Malfoy be nice," Blaise said as they passed the gates leading them back to Hogwarts. "Oh trouble in paradise Granger?" Draco teased her. "Sodd off Malfoy. I will do no such thing Blaise; you know I care way too much for Ronald. He just infuriates me with his possessive controlling nature," Hermione said as they entered the castle. They walked in silence until Hermione noticed that Draco was not going towards the dungeons. "Oh Draco is coming to study with us if that's okay Granger," Blaise said noticing her lingering look at the hallway that leads to the Slytherin common room and dorms. "Whatever just don't be there too long. I'd like to not have nightmares tonight from looking at your face for too long Malfoy," Hermione said as they made their way down towards their portrait. "Victory," Blaise told the painting swiftly. They all made their way inside the common room. "Go ahead and set up all your things on the floor there, I'll go change and then be back with my stuff," Hermione said as she made her way to her door. As she walked inside and shut the door she sighed and shut the door after entering the room. She looked at her light purple walls and hoped that the two Slytherins in the other room wouldn't give her too much trouble tonight, she really just wanted to take a long bath and read. Hermione's P.O.V I quickly changed out of my jeans and shirt, grabbing my big sweater and some thick black leggings. As I changed I heard the boys in the other room talking. I grabbed my books, parchment, and other necessities. I hovered right beside my door trying to listen in on what they were talking about. "Draco I'm sure she's just running off of her fueled hatred from when you guys were younger. She knows you were a spy and on the right side all that time. Just giver her time," Blaise pleaded with his friend. I heard Malfoy sigh. "I know that but I just want to actually apologize to her personally, not the public one that me and my parents gave at the Ministry. I was a right bastard to her, Potter, and Weasley. She's the only one I haven't been able to apologize to yet. Granted Weasley had to be forced by his sister and Potter, but he still listened to me," Malfoy said, a sad tone to his voice. I decided it was time to break up this pity party and announce my presence in the room. "So we're going over Charms and Ancient Runes right?" I asked as I shut my door and made my way over to them. "Yeah that's all I'm struggling with right now," Blaise said from his seat on the floor. "Do you guys do this often?" Malfoy asked as he fidgeted on the floor. "Every weekend my dear friend," Blaise said smirking. "We usually conjure up some pillows to sit on, but I see Blaise didn't tell you this," I said as I conjured up three big pillows and tossed one to both of them. Malfoy nodded as a thanks while Blaise just scowled at me. "I was making him suffer Granger," Blaise said. "Stop being childish and get your schoolwork out," I said laughing at him. As we went over all of the material I saw that the guys' biggest problem was that they didn't think they needed to know these things so they didn't pay attention as they should be. "You guys have to pay attention to everything the professors are saying or you're never going to score well on the test," I said as they began to drift off into conversation again. "Yeah but why do we need to pay attention if it's not important?" Blaise said lazily. I began to berate him for his laziness but right at that moment there was a knock on out portrait door. "Hermione come talk to me," I heard Ron's voice plead to me. As I went to go tell him to bugger off the two Slytherins I was tutoring were up and already halfway to the portrait. "No you two better not..." I began to say but they had already swung the portrait open and were teasing Ron. "So Weasel how was your date with your sister and Scar Head?" I heard Blaise ask as I walked up. "Shut it Zabini!" Ron halfway shouted at the tan Slytherin. "Blaise Malfoy go away. Ron keep your voice down before I am forced to take house points for you being out in the corridor at this time of night," I said pushing my way between the two boys. "We'll go to my room. Yell if you need us," Blaise said pulling Malfoy with him. I let Ron into the common room, sitting down on the chair by the fire. Ro sat down in the chair opposite to mine. "What is he doing here?" Ron asked with dislike clear in his tone. "I was helping them study for the upcoming exams in Charms and Ancient Runes. You should be studying for Charms instead of here asking me what I am doing Ronald," I said gesturing towards our study are on the floor. Ron had the decency to look abashed for a second. "That's not why I'm here Hermione. Why won't you stay at the Burrow for the holidays? Mum loves it when you stay with us," Ron said leaning forward to take my hands in-between his. "Ron I've already told Harry I would stay with him and help him. He needs this time to heal, as does Sirius, and honestly I need it too. You know that they will just avoid the subject for months if it's just the two of them there," I said to him slipping my hands out of his. "Hermione I don't know if I like my girlfriend staying over the holidays with a grown man and other guy," Ron said the tips of his ears going red. "Ronald you better not actually believe that. Harry is one of our oldest friends and I have no romantic feelings for him what-so-ever. He is like my brother, and I don't want to hear another word about this. I will be staying with Harry and Sirius, and we will come to the Burrow for Christmas," I said with a tone of finality in my voice. Ron huffed and stormed out of the room, knocking over a vase that was on the table. "Very mature boyfriend you've got there Granger," I heard Malfoy's voice come from behind me. "Sodd off Malfoy," I said as I went to fix the broken vase. "He's right Hermione. You're too mature to be dating him," Blaise said as he picked up the now fixed vase and set it back on the table where it was before. "You can sodd off too Zabini," I said as I sat back down on my pillow on the floor. "Oh no Blaise you're on a last name basis too," Malfoy said teasingly, sitting back down to my right. "But dear Granger still likes me more than you," Blaise said sitting down after ruffling my hair. "Before we were interrupted I believe I was telling you two of the importance of paying attention and staying awake in class," I said taking my Charms homework out of my bag. "Not everyone finds Charms and Ancient Runes as riveting as you do Granger," Malfoy said as he took a sip of his butterbeer. I sneered at him and turned to Blaise. "Did you actually take notes in Ancient Runes?" I asked him. "I took a little bit before falling asleep," He said smirking at me. "Looks like we'll be studying all night," I said sighing, knowing that my relaxing bath was not going to happen tonight. I woke up the next morning to shouting coming from the common room. I got out of bed and quickly threw on my robe, tying it as I ran out of my room. "What is all the fuss about in here?" I yelled as I took in the four men in my common room. Blaise