Chapter 1 Larry woke up in a bright red room. He didn't know how he got there considering he was hurtled off a building. His hearing was fuzzy but he could still hear two men arguing. The only words he heard were:" Olympus,Pegasus,god and why?" His hearing gradually got better but before he could listen into anymore the two men stopped arguing swiftly. "Good you're awake." said the older looking man. "W...where am I ?" asked Larry . "You are in Olympus Larry. I am sure you have lots of questions but allow us to explain everything beforehand. When you were falling, we all took pity on you and sent Pegasus to catch you. Oblivious to me and my brother Hades, Zeus's plan was to take you here and make you a god even though you weren't dying." said the young man. "I still don't understand who you are and what I am doing here sir." politely explained Larry. He was getting more scared every second that he was sitting here. "Oh and one small detail I forgot to say, I HAVE A FAMILY AND THEY THINK I'M DEAD OR EVEN WORSE, ALIVE BUT MISSING." he screamed, even scaring Zeus. He advanced towards him and raised his hand," I can easily kill you with a swipe of this hand and never EVER shout at us again." "I am sure he is only stressed that he can't have his questions answered brother so there is no need to scare him into surrendering to you wrath." stated the young man in a surprisingly calm voice. "You're right Poseidon. I shouldn't have lost my temper to this phony human. Larry, even though you are a god of Olympus you still can't insult the Big Three, especially since we control your fate. By the way, you will go to Camp Half-Blood to learn how to control your powers and just to warn you, you might have to face a quest while you are there." warned Zeus. "R...r...r...right."answered Larry cautiously. He walked out of the room and strode right into a young girl. "I'm so sorry miss. I didn't see you..." Larry broke off, catching site of a sword at her side and wings protruding from her back. She caught his eye and he looked away, clearly embarrassed. "It's OK. People think I am terrifying but instead I just look terrifying but I am really soft to people I like so you better hope we end up being friends." said the girl in a deep voice considering she looked really young. "O...OK. My name's Larry. You are..." "Martha. My name is Martha. I am here to escort you to Camp Half-Blood and to help you anyway I can. You can't get rid of me because Zeus told me that if anything happened to you, I would be cast down from Olympus without anything but clothes and a few feathers from my wings to remind me of my life being an escorter and living on Olympus. So please allow me to come with you wherever you go." begged Martha looking sad. "OK then. I am actually glad that you are with me because I have no clue where or how to get to Camp. I was going to ask you if you could draw me a map but since you are coming with me, is it OK if you could take me there?" asked Larry awkwardly. Martha nodded, grabbed his arm and dragged him to an elevator. They got in and closed the door. Chapter 2 Larry and Martha stepped out of the elevator and landed in New York. Looking around, he saw that the streets were deserted considering it was the middle of the afternoon. "Where is everyone?" wondered Martha. "I don't know." answered Larry truthfully. He walked around aimlessly until Martha grabbed his arm and dragged him towards the road. "We are here to go to Camp Half-Blood so you can learn how to control your powers."explained Martha. Larry nodded and allowed himself to be dragged away by his new friend and protector. They reached a strawberry field and met three people waiting. " Martha! So glad to see you again. How's Olympus suiting you?"asked the blonde haired girl. "I'm fine by the way, just because you're not allowed to meet the gods on a daily basis that does not mean that you can pick on me for getting bored to near visits to Hades by their quarrels." stated Martha seriously. A moment passed in silence and then the two girls burst out laughing. "I'm Percy and this here is my friend Grover."said the tall black haired boy, looking disgusted at the two girls behavior. " I'm Larry. I'm here to learn how to control my new godly powers. I am also wondering why New York is so quite." Larry spoke quickly and seriously that even the two girls stopped laughing abruptly. "Let's go to Chiron and see if he knows why New York is so quite."suggested Annabeth, looking really seriously at Percy, Grover and Larry. "Agreed. If anyone should know it's got to be Chiron." The five of them walked past the tree and instead of seeing just strawberries, they also saw cabins and loads of activities taking place. A horse-man came walking towards them. "What horrible thing did you to puppies to be made a horse-man?"asked Larry, fighting down the urge to laugh. " I am a centaur Larry. In fact, I think it wise to get this straight since I am the one overseeing your training." "Sorry sir. We are here because Annabeth suggested to come to you because we all thought that you would know why New York is so quite."Larry apologised to Chiron and looked away as soon as he finished speaking. " I hoped it wouldn't come to this. The reason that New York is so quite is because someone ,or something, has let out a dangerous beast from the depths of Tartarus and is now working with it to wreak havoc across the world. The only way to stop this is with the godly power of an elemental god of Olympus. Naturally, all the elementals consist of wind, grass, earth and water which is of no use. The only way to stop this creature is with fire. "So why can't Hades destroy it? He's fire."asked Martha. " He's not. Although he is the god of the underworld, he is not an elemental god. Unless you are the fire elemental god that we are all hoping for, there is no way that this creature, who's name is Smoke, can be stopped." Chiron finished explaining the disasterous situation. "Oh Hades. Why can't anything go right in this world?"complained Percy. Chiron raised his eyebrows and trotted away. " Well...I guess the only thing we can do is see if I really am the last elemental god to save the universe."said Larry, voicing everyone's thoughts. They all nodded and stepped out of the way. He raised his hands and he felt a warm, tingling sensation in his fingertips. He concentrated really hard and flames appeared in front of them. Then, all of a sudden, the flames formed together and created a little dog. "So, you finally found out how to control your powers. I'm glad because I have been cooped up so long in your soul that my voice has gone all squeaky."said the dog in a very high pitched voice. "I'm sorry. Listen, is there a reason why you are here because we are trying to get going on our quest? You really should disappear if you don't actually have a reason to be here." "That is why I am here. You wished that you had a way to get there so I came out."said the dog, making it sound as if it was really obvious. " And how exactly are we going to travel on you?" laughed Percy. The dog burst into flames and when they subsided, a bear about six foot long took its place. They all looked amazed and didn't even hesitate when the bear beckoned them to hop on. Chapter 3 Sorry chapter's so small. The team travelled all the way to New York on bear back. Luckily, no one was in the streets to stare at them. They got off and decided to split up. Percy and Annabeth went to the south, Grover went to the north, the bear,who's name was Blaze, and Martha went to the west which left Larry to go the east. Larry felt insecure going alone with powers he couldn't control and no one to stop him from burning anything down but went anyway. Although he had a whole hour to search for clues, he still came back empty handed. Percy came next, closely followed by Blaze, Grover, Martha and Annabeth bringing up the rear. In her hands were two things that looked suspiciously like a tail and a scale. "Before you ask, these are parts of Smoke that I found right by the garbage bins. Also before you ask, I know that these are part of Smoke because I actually witnessed the shedding of the skin myself." Annabeth took out her dagger just as the other four shot disgusted looks at one another. She looked at them and said in a grim voice, "The worst part is that he sticks the shedded body parts back on after he sheds them." Larry stood up. He wandered around thinking. It now seemed impossible to kill the beast from Tartarus. Finally, he stopped pacing because he had an idea. Just as he was about to explain the plan, a roar that shook the ground literally scared the life out of Martha and Larry. After they obtained their souls again, they all turned around and saw a giant, flaming armadillo demon. Larry thought it was very scary until it opened its arms and skeletal wings protruded from the pits."Now it looks scary." Larry thought. Chapter 4 Sorry chapter's so small. "ROARRRR" Smoke trampled over buildings to get to the group. Larry and Blaze emerged into one being and Larry shot a fireball at the armadillo's tail. Smoke screamed as the ball erupted on impact. "Nice one!" shouted Percy as he dodged a black dagger coming his way. The dagger, instead of carrying on in the same direction, changed its course so it stayed locked on to Percy. Larry burnt it to ash with a flame beam. The armadillo let out a high pitched and ghostly wail that resulted in nearly deafening everyone. Although his ears were still ringing, Blaze helped him listen to the roaring of the fire in his heart and guided his hands to the monsters roaring because it had just that second turned pair were a great team. Whilst everyone else was looking around confused, all Larry's attacks hit the target. As soon as the armadillo creature turned visible again, Blaze seperated himself from Larry and charged at Smoke. The struggle seemed to last forever. Suddenly, Smoke opened his wings and with four giant beats, he took off. "Well that fight was interesting."Blaze trotted back to the group, now as a ginger cat. They all looked at him for a moment and then burst out laughing. Chapter 5 Sorry chapter's so small. Martha had to go to Zeus and tell him that the creature had escaped. The only thing that worried Larry was the fact of Martha was the only one who didn't get affected by his flames. Silently, he argued with himself about whether to carry on going with the group. When the time came, however, he decided he was going. They travelled for three days but found no clues to where Smoke was now hiding. Travelling was an option because Blaze had turned into a wolf and got his scent by a scale. Eventually, they came to an abandoned factory with scorch marks inside. Percy went first with Anaklusmos, Riptide, by his side and his girlfriend Annabeth followed him.