So this is a story I started in the summer when I needed a break from working on a freelance illustration job. I just sat down and started to write down a random idea I had. After a few weeks I continued working on it whenever i felt stuck on a different story or needed stress relief. I considered it my writers block story. It wasn't until a couple months later I realized I had written over 65 pages. Then I started to take it seriously and made sure the plot made sense. After working on it for a few months I decided it was time to share it with the world. I really love what I came up with. This story takes place in the seventh year but I didn't want to follow the book too much. I find it boring when I read a fanfition and they are just repeating what already happened. I only kept things I really liked or mad e reference. I created my own situations for how they find the horcuxes. I've really enjoyed other Draco joined the horcrux hunt story and wanted to try my own. For the longest time I called it my Horcrux story. After looking through the article on Harry Potter Wiki on horcruxes I came up a couple ideas for a title. I ended up calling it Essence of Self because there was a quote that described the soul that way. I found it very fitting and stuck with it. Now that I have a title for my story I felt ready to publish it. There is a lot more to come so stay tuned. Essence of Self Lock o0o Not returning to Hogwarts was the right idea, no matter how dissatisfied Molly Weasley was about them not finishing there schooling. They had a lot more important things to do than finish their NEWTS. After Bill's wedding was crashed by death eaters they set out to begin their hunt but the problem was they didn't know where to start looking. Because Harry had wanted posters up he knew they couldn't go out in the open in the wizarding world. They decided it would be best to head back to Grimmauld place. Even if Snape could still get in it was unlikely that he would do so. It was as safe a place to be than any. Stepping into the entrance hall they looked around curiously. It looked like it hadn't been cleaned in months. Harry could see that Kreacher had not been doing his job. It was reverting back to the condition it was in before the Order had taken over it because of the little care it was given. "I guess we'll just use the same rooms as last time." Hermione suggested breaking the silence. "I'd rather not have to share a room with Ron if I don't have to." Harry exclaimed with a flat tone. "I forgot you two were sharing." Hermione whispered, since it felt like it had been a long time since they were here even though it had only been since last summer. When the Order of the Phoenix was here every bedroom was occupied and they had to bunk people together. She had to share with Ginny. "What's wrong with sharing a room with me?" Ron asked with an offended tone. "You snore like a trucker." Harry exclaimed sarcastically. Having six years of sharing a dorm with Ron he had never grown used to the noise as he slept. Since his four poster had curtains he cast a sonorous charm on them to block out any sound. He couldn't do in the bedroom. "What's that?" Ron asked completely confused by the muggle reference. "I think I'm going to take Sirius's room." Harry grabbed his stuff and started up the stairs. He didn't feel like explaining muggle technology right now. "Race yeah." Ron pushed passed his friend which set him off. They both tried to beat each other to the top of the stairs first. "Let's meet in the library once everyone is settled." Hermione called after the two boy's. Rolling her eyes at the antics as she followed them up. . Harry pushed open the door to Sirius's childhood bedroom. No matter how long his godfather was gone he would always consider the space his. He hadn't had the heart to move any of his things. All the muggle posters were still up on the walls. Some would call him too sentimental. when Harry looked around the room he found all the surfaces were covered with dust. He was sure the rest of the house was in a similar state. Kreacher had really fallen behind on the job. They would have to spend a couple days making Grimmauld place livable again. With a couple flicks of his wand Harry set the room quickly back to rights. Pulling out is shrunken trunk out of his pocket he restored it to its proper size. Harry decided against actually unpacking. He pulled out a change of clothes, once he was changed Harry went to meet the others. ... They gathered in the library to brainstorm. "Ok, what do we know of the horcruxes so far?" Hermione asked with a quill and parchment in front of her to write down anything they came up with. She found when you were stuck it was always a good idea to go over the facts again. It helped to figure out what you missed. Harry wasn't sure why they were doing this but he would go along with it for now. "So far only two have been destroyed. The diary in second year and the ring Dumbledor took care of. Too bad the locket was a fake or that would've made three." He grumbled unhappily. They had gone through all that only to be thrown off at the last step. "The locket?" Hermione whispered to herself as she contemplated the horcruxes. The description Harry had given after Dumbledor had shown him the pensive memories was bugging her. "You said it had Slytherin's initials on it, right?" "Yeah it had a large ornate SS on it in the memory the headmaster showed me." Harry confirmed the items description to her. If it was so much work just to find this one how hard would the other four be? "I've seen that before. I saw it here, last summer." Hermione pointed down to the floor of the old house of Black. "Now that you mention it I think I have too." Ron agreed with a wide smile on his face. "It was that locket we couldn't get open." All this time it was right under their noses. "Yes." Hermione wanted to hit herself. She felt so stupid it took so long for her to make the connection. Ron even realized before her. "I remember Mundungus Fletcher snatched it along with a lot of the Black silver." Harry thought back to when they were clearing out the house to make it more livable last summer. "Hopefully the man didn't sell it yet or at least he remembered who to." He sighed thinking about the wild goose chase that was ahead of them. "I don't think Mundungus ever got the chance." Hermione said thoughtfully. Her friends looked at her questionably. "Kreacher was snatching as much of the Black family heir looms as he could back then. I'm sure he has it. If it was important at all to a Black family member Kreacher would have it." "Kreacher!" Harry growled the elf's name like it was something vile. The house elf popped into existence at his master's call. "Where did you take the locket?" He barked out immediately. There was no question anymore if the house elf had the item in when his eyes narrowed and he hissed in displeasure. Harry knows Kreacher knew exactly what they were talking about. "I order you to tell me where it is?" "I have taken it to a safe place." Kreacher crossed his arms defensively. Raising his nose in the air as if to look down on his master even though he only came up to his knee. Copying the actions of his snotty pure blood masters they suspected. "Where did you bring the locket?!" Harry grabbed the elf buy the front of his pillow case and lifted him off the ground. The little legs kicked in the air and his spindly fingers tried to pry his hands away. He held the elf at eye level to try and get across how serious he was about this. "Harry put him down, now!" Hermione cried in shock at the harassment to the poor creature. Harry dropped the elf at her admonishment. Kreacher hit the floor hard since he wasn't expecting it. "Kreacher where did you take the locket?" Hermione tried asking kindly kneeling beside the house elf. "Mud bloods and blood traitors." Kreacher mumbled and grumbled to himself as he climbed to his feet and brushed off the dirt. The room hadn't been cleaned in a long while. "Tell me or you might be joining the wall sooner than expected." Harry was referring to the wall of severed house elf heads. It was a horrible Black family tradition. "I brought it to Malfoy manor, to Mistress Narcissa. One of the last true descendants' of the Great House of Black." Kreacher finally admitted in a tone like he was pleased with his actions. "Malfoy…" Harry started to say before biting his lip in frustration. This was the worst case scenario. Malfoy Manor would have very strong wards that would make it near impossible to enter besides the death eaters that would be guarding the premises. "We have no choice but to go in and get it." Harry said with conviction in his voice. In his head he was already forming a plan of action. "That's very risky." Hermione believed, always the cautious one. "It's not just going to walk itself out of there. We have no choice." Harry replied back cynically. "I guess you're right." Hermione admitted in defeat. "But we are going to make a proper plan before we do anything too dangerous." "How are we going to get in?" Ron asked making the other two deflate. They had their first hurtle. Malfoy Manor was one of the oldest buildings in the wizarding world though it had nothing on Hogwarts. Its wards were ancient and had levels upon levels of wards to keep out unwanted visitors. With each generation the Malfoy ancestors had added to its defenses. "I'll just have to do some research on wards." Hermione stood up from her chair. She got straight to work scanning the spins of the library books. Pulling out works that looked useful from the shelves. Pure blood families had some pretty foul wards that were dark in nature. She wished they could just bypass them completely some how. Harry and Ron stood up since they knew how Hermione got when she went in to research mode they both slipped out. It was already really late into the night and it had been a tiring day of travel. .0. As soon as Harry's head hit the pillow he was asleep. ~When Harry came to he wondered where he was. The room had a high ceiling and stone pillars. It was like a smaller version of the great hall from Hogwarts. He must be in one of the pure blood's grand homes. This seemed like more than just a dream. Harry cursed that he was trapped in another vision. "You used to be my right hand man." He could hear Voldemort's voice exclaim but could not see him meaning he was looking through the dark lord's eyes. "I used to have such high hopes for you. How disappointing you turned out to be" "Yes Master." Lucius Malfoy groveled on the floor for forgiveness. "How should I punish you?" Voldemort asked himself. Harry could feel the pleasure of toying with his prey. "Anyway you