This is a story I've been working on for a little bit. I started out as a one shot but then I went over 15 000 words so I decided to make it a chapter story since it has a taken a life of its own. After I broke it up I have 12 chapters so far but it might extend to more. I named this story after a love potion that Weasley Wizard Wheezes makes. Harry will show up in the second chapter so don't worry. This is a Draco/Harry slash and a George/ Draco friendship. Twilight Moonbeams Intro o0o It was a year since the end of the war. Potter had managed to keep him out of Azkaban but that didn't mean that Draco's life was all sunshine and rainbows. The ministry had swooped in and confiscated all the Malfoy vaults for war reparations. They allowed his mother and himself to keep the manor but it had been left in ruin from the Death Eaters who had been inhabiting it during the war. They had been trapped in it for a year while under house arrest. That year had been boring to the extreme. They got allowance for food and that was it because they didn't want them spending it on material items. Only a couple days after their house arrest ended they received a letter about how they were required to pay rent. The manor had been paid off for centuries though. They concluded that the ministry was just allowing them to live there. Now that they were able to function in society again the ministry completely cut them off from access to their vaults. It left them in an impossible situation. His mother was pushing fifty and had not a job to her name. The only thing Draco thought she would be qualified for was a party planner but who would want to hire her. His mother decided they should sell the manor and use what money they could get to skip the country. Draco hated to admit it but she was right. There was no way that they could support themselves living in the manor. They were desperate enough to need the money that badly. Draco refused to leave Britain though with his tail between his legs. He was going to make a new name for himself even if he had to work from the very bottom up. Sadly with its dark history the manor was only offered a small sum for its spacious land and grand building. His mother in her desperation to escape the oppression of Britain accepted the offer readily. They got a steal in Draco's opinion. After the money was split evenly between them Draco was left only enough money to rent a room at the Leaky Cauldron for a few months or two. It wasn't much but it would have to do. 'Hopefully he would be employed soon' Draco thought optimistically. . They stood in the middle of Draco's dingy hotel room above the tavern. After the Manor had been sold they had to vacate the premises immediately. " Are you sure you won't come with me?" Narcissa asked her son. She was all packed to leave with what she couldn't live without. The international port key to a small town in the French country side was sitting on the table between them. " I'm not going to run away." Draco denied her offer. Narcissa smiled tightly at her son and wished him luck in his pursuits. Then she touched the boot and disappeared. Draco was left alone. .o. The first month Draco didn't have much luck. Getting hired for a job was a lot harder than he thought it would be. He tried a few places in Diagon Ally but the reactions he received from his last name were harsh. He knew it would be likely he could get nowhere on the main strip so freshly from the war. The Malfoy name was as good as dirt now a days. As soon as they heard his last name he was forcefully removed from most shops. If he was brave he enough he would venture out into the muggle world. His father had never let him take Muggle Studies at Howarts though. He would be completely lost . When Draco returned to the Leaky in the evening unsuccessful once again. He noticed a large group of his former class mates drinking. Tom was serving out fire Whiskey and Butter Beer. Amongst them he noticed the messy hair of one Harry Potter. Draco hid behind a post and watched them. He was surprised he hadn't ran into anybody sooner. They were so care free. Draco had more to worry about than his past rivalry with the savor of the wizarding world. Flipping his hood up to hide his hair, Draco tried to slip up to his room without any of them noticing him. A pair of green speckled eyes followed his movement up the stairs. . The next day Draco finally reached the final straw. One of the shop owner said he would hire him if he got down on his knees and begged. Draco knew what the man was actually asking; if he sucked his dick he'd hire him for this shitty job. Turning on his heel Draco walked straight back out the door. He knew that if you had to give a blow job to get a job, you had to continue giving them to keep it too. Draco decided he better off where the scum of the earth were even accepted… Knockturn Ally. .o. Surprisingly Draco was received in a similar light there too; badly. His father had connections with all of them. After Lucius' infinite return to Azkaban they wanted to distance themselves as much as possible from the Malfoy family. The old crone who ran The Ye Old Curiosity Shop at least offered him a cup of tea before she kicked Draco out on his ass. He didn't even bother with Borgin and Burkes knowing he'd be turned away after the way he threatened Mr. Burgin during his mission in sixth year. He'd been a fool back then thinking because he was marked he was all powerful. How he'd fallen. Both the light and the dark didn't want Draco hanging around. Everyone else marked with the dark mark was either in Azkaban or dead. Everyone was afraid they would be connected to Voldemort if they hired him. In a last ditch effort he tried Slug and Jiggers apothecary. … o0o… A bell rang when Draco entered the shop. The shelves were stocked with all sorts of ingredients. He was sure these ones were all legal while the darker ingredients would be kept in the back hidden away so that aurors couldn't find them. A man emerged from the back room. He was very short and round with not much hair on his head to speak of. "What do you want?" Mr. Jigger snapped when he saw the Malfoy heir standing in the middle of his shop. "I'm here to require about procuring a job?" Draco answered and asked at the same time. He could see the man's demeanor change when he realized what he wanted. He would take a Malfoy's money but he wouldn't hire one. "No." Mr. Jigger snapped. "I'm really good with potions. I promise. I received high NEWT marks in the subject." Draco pleaded the man who frown at him with his crooked teeth. Studying for his Newts was the only thing that kept him sane through his house arrest. "We don't want your kind here." Mr. Jiggers pushed him towards the exit to his shop. Once Draco was on the other side the man slammed the door in his face. Flipping the sign from opened to closed for good measure. 'You know you've hit rock bottom when even Knockturn Ally snubs you.' Draco thought to himself with a deep sigh. He turned away from the shops stoop, he walked away with defeat. 'That had been his last option' He thought in despair. His option had looked bleak before but now they were nonexistent. His head down looking at the dirty cobble stones he didn't notice the person standing in his path. Since the man was much larger than he was he bounced off and fell to the ground. Draco sighed deeply in despair. 'He thought this day couldn't get better' He thought sarcastically. His robes were soaked through from a puddle, it was the last good robe he'd had. His life couldn't get much worse. "You ok?" A man asked who had stepped around the giant man Draco had walked into. He was wearing blue velvet robes and a wide brimmed hat with a peacock feather sticking out of it. He looked a little shifty but it was Knockturn Ally what did you expect? The man offered him a hand up with a smirk that the blonde accepted warily. Draco was tugged back up on two feet. "Thank you." Whispered self-consciously to the man. He tried to brush his robes off but he figured it was useless. When he noticed the man still stood there staring intently at him he shifted uncomfortably. "Yes, can I help you?" "You're the young Malfoy heir aren't you?" The man asked gesturing to his distinct hair colour. Draco ran his fingers through his now messy hair self-consciously, he could feel wetness in it. He was sure he looked a fright with his wet robes and dirty hair. "Yeah what's it too you?" He asked defensively with his arms crossed. It was hard to tell how this man felt about his family. "I couldn't help overhearing your plight boy." The man slid his arm around the blonde's shoulders. "My names Badrik Bernatch. If you need a job I can help you." Badrik gestured to a building not too far away. It had two large statues of lions with women's heads framing the entrance. "The horror house. No way!" Draco flung the man's arm off of him. He knew The Sphinxes' Riddle was famous in the wizarding world. All the politicians went there. Even his father had admitted to paying a few visits when his mother was pregnant with him. They mostly supplied women but there was a small section in the back that catered to other urges. "I haven't fallen that far to resort to selling my body." Draco snapped appalled at the mere suggestion. "Are you sure. You'd do very well and attract many clients." Badrik licked his lips as he looked the young man over. Stock of his caliber was very hard to come by. The boy's slender build and long legs were very appealing and the telltale white blonde hair of the Malfoy lineage would have many a man flock to him just for the privilege to say that they had a taste of the boys flesh. ~ o0o Weasley Wizard Wheezes The doors to the successful joke shop were still locked even a year after the war. It took a long time for George to stop grieving for the loss of his brother but after the one year anniversary of Fred's death and the final battle; he decided it was time to re-open the shop at last. When he had finally got the courage to check out the shop George had been devastated at the destruction it had gone through. He had to restock the shop before he would be able to reopen the doors. It had been looted during the war so many of the products were severely damaged or stolen. For the time being he only had the mail orders open and not the shop front. Offering the products he could scavenge up. At the moment George Weasley was in the back work room of the shop trying to brew a new stock of skiving snack box potions. Since they were their best selling product it was hard to keep them