Disclaimer: I do not own any of Tolkiens work and I just borrowed some of the professors characters, but they belong to him and to him only. The plot however and those characters you do not recognize belong to me As much as Elrond hated to admit it: He was nervous. If he had had just an ounce less self-control, he would be pacing up and down in the courtyard. It had taken him ages to convince King Thranduil of the Woodland Realm of Greenwood to make the journey over the Misty Mountains to Rivendell in order to discuss further relationships between their two Realms. In the past, they had barely talked with each other, Thranduil refusing to welcome anyone in his gigantic castle in the side of the hill in the midst of Greenwood the Great. Thranduil did not care what happened outside of his kingdom and he was busy with the increasing spider and orc attacks. He never cared what happened behind his borders and visits from other realms had always been rare. The last time Elrond had talked with the proud elf in person, they had ended up in a heated argument in which Elrond had said many things which should have remained unsaid. Thranduil's flaring temper had always been hardly controlled, and it flared up rashly with the unfounded insults Elrond had said in frustration and exhaustion. Not that Thranduil himself had not retorted in kind. Their fight did quickly go out of hand. Since then, the few messages shared between the rulers there written in distanced, formal language. Still, Greenwood was at peace and the King enjoyed his free time with his wife and their children. They had five children, as far as Elrond recalled. He did not even know all of their names. But how was he supposed to? It was not as if Thranduil had been sending letters informing him of their existence. Not even than Alcanor had been born, the king's eldest son and therefore heir to the throne of Greenwood. In the inside, Elrond was still furious about this fact. It was not as if something like that would not have been interesting for leaders of other Realms! Not just for him, but the king of the blasted wood had also not informed Lord Celeborn or Lady Galadriel. It had been Mithrandir who had told him one evening that the stern elven king had become a father a few years prior. But not even the wise wizard knew the exact age of the Prince. He would be around Elladan's and Elrohir's age, Elrond figured. A few years older probably. His gaze wandered to the two figures of the twins who her pulling faces at each other in a vain attempt to stand still. He had sent Thranduil and Luineth a letter informing them of the twin's birth back then. The reply had been short and unsurprisingly it had come from Luineth and not her husband. Secretly, Elrond wondered what kind of a father the stern elven king could possibly be. Seconds later he regretted his thoughts for he knew too little about the younger elf to judge him as a parent. But maybe he would get a little insight today: Crown Prince Alcanor would accompany his father on this trip. Thranduil had at first refused to take his son with him, suspicious and untrusting as he was suspecting a conspiracy. It had needed all of the wise half-elf's diplomacy to make Thranduil even consider Elrond's suggestion to take Alcanor with him. Even so, in Elrond's opinion the king had agreed too quickly. And the elf might sometimes be annoyingly stubborn, but he was definitely not an idiot. He was a very intelligent man. He had told Elladan and Elrohir over and over again, that they would not be allowed to prank anyone while King Thranduil, Crown Prince Alcanor and their bodyguard were staying in Rivendell. The twins seemed to understand, even though they had protested loudly. Now the three of them were standing next to each other in the courtyard. Elladan and Elrohir had stopped their constant bickering after they had felt their father's stern gaze upon them. They were nervous too. Erestor came to join them silently, his gaze wide and sharp like a hawks. He wore his fine reddish tunic which matched the golden one of Elrond and the noble brown ones of the twins perfectly. Glorfindel already stood a couple of meters away, dressed in his hunting garment. His long blond hair gave him an angelic look and his inner light glowed bright enough to make bystanders forget about the simplicity of his leather clothes. Arwen was not in Rivendell, she was staying in Lorien with her grandmother. Celebrian had accompanied her. The pleasant ring of a horn was heard through the warm air of the beautiful spring day. King Thranduil and his company were closing in. One more time Elrond straightened and shot a glance towards his two sons. Those were surprisingly nodding in agreement and looked ahead seriously. The elven lord sighed relieved. Just then he spotted light getting reflected on metal armour. His eyebrows rose in discontent. King Thranduil was clad in a silver amour, two swords at his side. His long silver hair was floating in the breeze and the crown adoring his forehead was made of thorns and leaves interlaced into a metal frame. Soldiers in green metal armour where riding by their king's side, eyes watchful, faces almost entirely hidden behind helmets. Added to the frown which was showing on his face, Elrond felt his body shudder. Seeing the elves of Greenwood ready for battle was intimidating. Fear reached for his heart in an icy fist. The wood elves did not fight in steel armour. They fought in leather armour and with bows, hidden among trees. If Thranduil had decided to choose this garment, the relationships between their two Realms were a lot worse than Elrond had thought they were. This garment was only ever adored for war. An open war outside of the protective woods these elves loved so much. How could he have missed this? Thranduil was the only one not wearing a helmet. Icy blue eyes met brown ones and the air stilled around the two lords. Guards led their horses over the bridge and positioned them at the sides of the courtyard. The king followed slowly, his gaze watchful and never leaving Elrond. By the Valar! What did this elf expect? Did he think Elrond would greet him with a sword in his hand? That the only reason he was asking the king to travel this way was to kill him? The distrust in these blue orbs hurt the healer almost physically. He had had the intention to ease the strain between the two realms and only now noticed that his old brother in arms was expecting the exact opposite. "Mae govannen, King Thranduil," Glorfindel said and bowed, a smile on his lips. Thranduil nodded towards him. He then turned to Elrond. He inclined his head slightly, bringing his right hand to rest just above his heart. His face was emotionless but Elrond still felt the distrust radiating. "Mae govannen, King Thranduil," he greeted as well, repeating the gesture of the proud elf before him. "Welcome to Rivendell. It has been a long time. I hope your journey has been pleasant." Finally, King Thranduil dismounted. Two of his guards did as well and positioned themselves next to their king. "It has been," Thranduil agreed solemnly. "May I introduce you to my sons: Lord Elladan and Lord Elrohir. And of course you know Lord Erestor here." "It is an honour to meet you, my lord. We have heard much about you," the twins greeted in unison, both bowing and showing their respect. Elrond smiled. "I do not doubt that," Thranduil answered. No one missed the fact, that the King did not return the civilities but kept quiet. "Where is your son, Thranduil? I have been looking forward to finally meet Prince Alcanor. Is he not with you?" Elrond asked. He did not know whether or not to be annoyed that Thranduil did obviously not bring his son along even though he had said he would. But at least he now knew why Thranduil had been so reluctant to even consider the thought: If the king saw the relationship of their realms at a brick of war, the healer's request Thranduil should bring his heir along with him would have sounded uncomfortably suspicious. "The last time I checked a king was still allowed to change his mind," Thranduil answered quickly and coldly. "Of course. I was just wondering," Elrond stated calmly, bowing his head. "My servants prepared rooms for you and your party. We will serve lunch in an hour time. We'd be honoured if you joined us but if you prefer to rest first your lunch can be brought to your rooms." "Thank you. We will take your invitation and join your table," Thranduil exclaimed. "Could you lead the way?" Elrond smiled and turned to show the king and his soldiers to their rooms. He caught Glorfindel's worried glance and nodded reassuringly. Luckily the balrog-slayer had organised for the rooms of the king and his party to be close together. If it had been differently, it would have led to even more suspicious glances and awkward conversations. Twenty guards had accompanied the king and they were now dismounting in the courtyard. Elladan and Elrohir offered their assistance and it was reluctantly taken. "Your home is as beautiful as ever, Lord Elrond," Thranduil suddenly spoke up beside him. His step was proud and strong and his eyes were now trained on the beautiful gardens they passed. Surprised by the compliment Elrond simply nodded with a smile. Elrond looked up and down at the table. Almost all of Thranduil's soldiers were already seated with their helmets sitting on the floor next to them. They were conversing quietly, here and there eyeing the Noldor elves. They were as mistrustful as their king and Elrond knew this would be a long couple of weeks. He had to be careful what to say and do, for the little trust the wood elves had for foreigners could easily be crushed. The doors opened and Thranduil stepped in, followed by the two guards who had not left his side so far. He was still clad in his armour, refusing to fall back to the more delicate kingly robes which usually adored his slim form. Tensed silence filled the room. Elrond quickly stood, greeting the newcomer warmly and gesturing to the free seat next to his. "We will need one more seat here," Thranduil demanded calmly. Astonished the healer stared at him. Luckily Glorfindel reacted more efficient. He stood and gestured towards the now free seat. Thranduil nodded in thanks. He then turned to his guards and waved them away. One of them hurried towards the other end of the table, taking his helmet off and sitting down beside his comrades, whispering silently. The other elf however did not move away. Instead he reached up to pull the helmet off his head. Silver white hair fall down and a very young face was revealed. Even for an elf, he was incredible handsome. Well, rather elfling than elf, for he could not be older an equivalent to a thirteen-year-old human. Piercing silver eyes met Elrond's and Alcanor – his features left no doubt that this soldier was Thranduil's son – bowed slightly, a sneering and calm smile tugging at his lips. He was so young. Too young to be wearing an armour. Too young to be carrying his weapons with the implicitness which with he did. He knew what he was doing. He seemed so grown up. The thought frightened Elrond. His sons and Alcanor must be close in age but he still seemed so much older and wiser. "Lord Elrond. I thank you for your invitation and