Disclaimer: I do not own most of the characters/ideas in this story nor do I seek to profit from it. The morning rain of September 1st, 1994 poured down heavily in the London borough of Islington. This did not please one of its inhabitants in particular; the protagonist of our story. Now if one looked at specific street in this neighbourhood - Grimmauld Place its name- they would notice that there was a missing house. There were numbers 11 and 13 but no 12. This was because it happened to be the residence of our disgruntled hero and he was a wizard. Of course you would say 'what could possibly disgruntle a wizard?'. Unfortunately, the wizard in question, one Harry Potter, was no ordinary wizard, for you see... he had a dreadful fear of strange noises. Not that the strange noises were surprising. No. 12 also happened to be the ancestral home of an old wizard family, the Blacks. Presently, Harry was sitting on the stairwell leading into corridor of the first floor. Walking around seemed only make the house groan even more. Hmm, it had been a while since he'd heard a - squeak! Okay now the old building was just teasing him. He didn't know if he could take one more of day it. Good thing I leave for school today Harry thought to himself. True Sirius had said he would fix it... yeah right. Sirius said he'd do a lot of things, not that Harry really blamed him for not being able to. A familiar horn from outside alerted him that it was time to go. With a brief sigh, the dark-haired teenager stood up from the staircase and carried the last of his luggage to the car waiting outside. He had a train to catch. "So, Harry, how does it feel to be entering your fourth year at Hogwarts, nervous are you?" Remus Lupin said as he started the vehicle. The tired looking man was a close friend of Harry's late parents, James and Lily Potter. He was the one that dropped Harry at the train station whenever Sirius was otherwise indisposed. Schooling his features so that Remus wouldn't see that he was in a bad mood, Harry replied to the question. "Yeah, kind of," He said with a nervous chuckle. Now that he thought about it, he didn't really know how he felt. True, becoming a mage had always been his goal long before he started at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry but he couldn't help but think of his screening at the end of the last term. It had been in the Room of Requirement which was redesigned as an empty field. The judges were not present. Not that that meant they were really absent either. No, they would be watching him from an unseen location. Harry knew what he wanted to do and maybe it was a bit too ambitious; wandless sorcery was hard, even for humilis level mages. He didn't care though. He was going to impress the arch-mages in front of him one way or another. So when he heard the signal to start Harry began his demonstration. He had seven minutes. Seven minutes to show them some real magic. He began by disrobing himself then rolled up his trousers and sleeves as well as emptying all his pockets. Unnecessary but he wanted to make it perfectly clear to them just what he was attempting. Raising up his hands above his head like he was lifting something, he balled his palms into fists. He heaved a sigh then released his magic in a wave! This caused it to spread all over the grassy terrain as it still needed to latch onto a force. Having recently practiced this, he waited expectantly for it to lay hold of the wind. Unfortunately, his magic seemed to be reaching for something far out of its grasp. Harry panicked at this. He prompted to look at his watch. He only had three minutes left! Then without any kind of warning, his magic stopped, becoming taut like a string stretched to its limit, yet he felt no force to control. Some seconds passed as he tried but failed to feel for the something. Anything at this point would do. This shocked Harry intensely, he couldn't actually believe he was going to fail the test. The realization washed over him with the numbing effect of cold water splashing on his body. This can't be happening, it just can't be Harry thought morosely to himself. All of a sudden he felt his magic give a strong pulse and the wind swirled around him wildly. Though thoroughly confused on what just happened Harry knew this was his final chance. Albeit, this was going to be the extremely hard part; the textbooks hadn't given instructions on it at all. And so it was with trembling hands that he tried to accomplish this feat, only to find himself flung back by a strong gust of wind. Shrugging it off, he raised his hands once again to control it. He wasn't sure if he had really seen it, but for the slightest of seconds, he could've sworn the whole area went green. By now a near full fledged hurricane had risen but Harry soldiered on; oh he would make this storm succumb. Finally it responded, a little swirling at his feet and steadily rising as it carried Harry at its center. It took all of Harry's strength just to sustain the medium height tornado without being thrown away again; at this point he was making laboured grunts from the stress of it alone. Soon, however, his concentration broke and the tornado dissipated. As he fell to the ground the wind carried him like a feather, it was his now. He lay there while breathing heavily for a few moments when he felt the air ripple. He craned his head up to see his examiners before him. They were the heads of house. This didn't really surprise Harry, he hadn't been expecting anyone different. "Mr. Potter," a stern female voice called out, "Kindly rise for your assessment,". It was that of Professor Mcgonagall, the Gryffindor head of house. She didn't seem angry so that was a good sign. "Sure, just give me a minute," He said casually before crookedly standing up, "Honesty, who knew wind could be so destructive eh?" "I must say Mr. Potter, you gave quite an unusual display," the shortest figure among them spoke. Why would Professor Flitwick say that? Didn't he see me controlling that tornado from the center? Did any of them- "Harry?" Remus asked, breaking Harry out of his reverie. "Yes Remus?" "Oh you looked a bit out of it," the older man said, "Anyway, I was just telling you not to worry about today. Even your father got scared for a second there. Thought he hadn't heard his name on the Rescript! He spent the rest of the evening offhandedly commenting on how he was going to drop out of the school. To this day, that was the funniest thing I've ever seen." "Seriously!?" Harry said. Now that was surprising. From the stories he'd heard of his father, he thought the young James would have demanded they recall it, saying that there must have been a mistake. "Seriously," Remus said with a grin on his face. He was happy to have brought Harry out of his mood. Soon enough, they both reached Kings Cross Station and unloaded Harry's luggage. Remus then escorted Harry to a wall between platforms nine and ten. This, they passed through to reach the Hogwarts platform nine and three-quarters. "Okay then Harry, remember to keep yourself sharp and try not to get into any funny business okay?" "I'll try," Harry said with a sly grin on his face. It had been pointless for him to tell Harry that; the only real pranksters at Hogwarts were the Weasley twins. Not that Remus needed to know that, it was fun to keep the illusion that he was alive. After Remus said his goodbyes, Harry spent the next few minutes searching his friends once he got on the Hogwarts Express. As he passed through some other students he bumped into someone. When they both turned around to apologize to each other, Harry immediately recognized the boy. It was his year mate Neville Longbottom. "Oh hey Harry," he said, already turning away. "Where're you running off to like that?" Neville gave Harry a grin."I'm on my way to the third carriage, Weasley's not the only that's got connections y'know," He said, "See you later". He was off, leaving Harry bemused in his wake. Maybe also a little bit jealous. The third carriage was where the mage students rode on the train, and Weasley and Longbottom got to get in before they were even announced. He shrugged nonchalantly, that was life he guessed. Lucky for him he found his friends' compartment quickly. "Hey guys, it's Harry!" Justin Finch-Fletchley said as he entered. The other two occupants of the compartment exchanged greetings with him as well; the usual 'How was your summer' or 'Did you travel anywhere'. Not that Harry minded, he just wanted to start their typical order of business. "So did you bring the stuff Ernie?" He asked, gesturing to one of the other two boys . Ernie merely gave him a sarcastic eye roll as he pulled out a device from his pocket. It was a wizard wireless, a magical machine that acted basically as a muggle radio. They were going to need it they wanted to hear the inauguration ceremony of the Aquila Guild. It had become a sort of tradition for them to do this sort of thing since they had first met each other in their first year. Once the stout boy finished tuning in to the wireless network, the boys waited in anticipation. By Harry's calculations it should have started right about that time. Some minutes passed by when the first sound of interference was heard. Now they were getting somewhere. Eventually they started to make out the voice of the head of the guild, Julian Shaklebolt. The boys whooped and high-fived before refocusing on what the man was saying. "This great event marks the 212th magus inauguration of our prestigious guild and I would like to welcome..." At this point Harry started to tune out the man's voice, he would pay attention when the man started to call out names. The others just listened raptly as the man gave his 'distinguished' speech. As if they didn't hear Dumbledore give one every start of term. "... , Anton Yurevich, Gregor Meivlin and Adalie Hollande. These five-" Ernie quietly turned off the wireless. The boys were all shocked by this; not one Hogwarts graduate had been called. Worse, the guild's head was an alumni of the school and he still felt that the foreign talent was better. They simply sat speechless and dumbfounded until Wayne, the fourth member of their group, finally suggested they play some exploding game. This indeed proved a worthwhile distraction until the time came for them to change into their school robes. It was evening by then. The Hogwarts Express left once all the students had come off. Harry and his friends had found a carriage to take them to the castle by then. Their ride to the school gates had been uneventful asides from Wayne briefly making fun of Justin's fear of the forbidden forest. As he stepped off the carriage he once again saw Neville- this time with Ron- as they joked around with some older year mages. This didn't help his doubt about his performance at the screening. They just seemed so confident of their chances. One thing was for sure, Hogwarts knew to conduct a feast. The great hall also looked splendid as it was illuminated by levitated candles and its ceiling mirrored the night sky. The sorting hat sang another marvelous song to