Before I even start the story, I want to say thank you to all my followers and reviewers. You guys mean a lot to me, so I wrote this story especially for you guys. And if you haven't reviewed any of my stories, or if you don't follow me, it's okay! Just remember to enjoy yourself and I hope everyone has a great 2015. XOXO. And one more thing! I have a question at the very bottom of the story. You must leave your answer and a two-word topic for a CHB story, and I'll make it in your honor if you get the question right! You only get one guess for the question, so make it count! The only way to answer is to read! :) Annabeth and Percy were sleeping in their house in Manhattan when a small scratching came from the bottom of their bedroom window. It started quiet. It got louder. "Percy..." Annabeth rolled over in the bed and then sat up. Percy's eyes fluttered open. "What?" He yawned. Annabeth stared at the window and listened intently. The small scratching noise was get louder and louder. Then it stopped. "Annabeth, it's probably a raccoon or something. Go back to sleep." Percy yawned again and then closed his eyes. In a matter of minutes he was snoring. But Annabeth sat still, her vision focused on the window. Finally, Annabeth laid back in the bed. She closed her eyes and actually managed to drift off to sleep, but a sudden BANG ! awoke her. She sprung up and was frozen in horror... as a big, hairy, snarling minotaur broke through the bedroom window. It clutched shards of shattered glass. Its eyes glowed with revenge and hate. Its black-brown fur was stained with dry blood. It roared with power. Surprisingly, it all wasn't enough for Percy to wake up, though. He still snored louder than the monster. But Annabeth wasn't ready to die. For gods sake, she went to Tartarus and survived! No way she would die now. Her hand flew across the top of her bed-side table. She snatched her dagger and charged the huge monster. But the minotaur was faster. It easily brought its head down on Annabeth and the side of its horn butted her head hard. It hit so hard that there was a loud THUD . Annabeth's vision blurred. The room spun. The minotaur turned into a tornado of colors. Annabeth's head started to hurt and blackness start to enclose her eyes. Her mind went blank. She didn't even know where she was. Or who she was. What was happening? But Annabeth tumbled down to her knees and watched as the minotaur pounced from the window. She knew she needed help. So she made one last cry, and blacked out. Annabeth awoke on a couch. She was in a room with peach colored walls and a wooden floor. Pictures lined the walls and every window was open. Light poured into the room. A young man strolled into the room with a bowl of soup in his hands. A look of fear was stirred into his sea-green eyes. His black hair was completely messed up. Annabeth's eyes widened in fear and she started to inch off the couch. "Who...who are you?" She stuttered and start to back away. The black-haired boy placed the bowl of soup on a table and stepped back. "Annabeth? It's me, Percy. Sit down-" "No...and...who's Annabeth? Where am I?" Annabeth asked. Percy scrunched up his eyebrows. "You're home. And, you are Annabeth." He said and bit his lip. Annabeth tugged at a piece of her hair and held it over her eyes. "Blond? I'm a blond?" She let go of the hair and it bounced back into a curl. The boy who called himself Percy tilted his head. "Yeah, you are a blond. And you always have been one. " He said. Annabeth rubbed her head, but as soon as her fingers touched her forehead, she snapped her hand back in pain. "Wha...what happened to me?" She gulped and started to sit down on the couch again. Percy fumbled with something in his hands. It was a dagger. Dried blood covered the sharp tip. Annabeth gasped and she immediately ran into the nearest corner of the room. "G-get that thing away from me!" She shouted in fear. Percy looked down at the knife and put it on the same table with the soup on it. "N-now answer my q-questions. What h-happened to me?" Annabeth stuttered. Percy bit his lip. "I don't really know exactly. There was glass scattered all over our room and you were passed out on the floor. Your forehead had split open and...and I nearly had a heart attack when I saw you." He explained. By instinct, Annabeth's hand flew up to her forehead. She discovered a big band-aid above her left eyebrow. She was silent for minutes. Then she looked up. "I don't know you. Or me." There was silence again. Then Percy motioned for her to sit down. Annabeth went to the couch. They sat next to each other while Percy explained everything. How he was her husband. How that dagger was hers. How she must've had amnesia. It took hours, but Annabeth finally got it and Percy had to leave for work. "Are you sure you don't want me to stay?" Percy had asked before he left. "No, Perseus. I think I'm alright." Annabeth answered and waved him off. Then she closed the door and flopped on the couch. She clicked a button on a remote control and the tv screen lit up. Annabeth started to flip through the channels. An hour went by and the doorbell rang. Annabeth was startled, but she walked over to the door. She hesitated, then she opened the door a crack. On the other side was a person. A young girl, probably Annabeth's age. Her hair was wild and bright red. Freckles specked her face, from her forehead to her chin. "Annabeth, is that you?" The girl looked concerned but something wasn't right about her. "Um...yes. Who are you?" Annabeth asked. The girl put her hand on the door. "My name is Rachel. Rachel Dare. I heard what happened. May I come in?" She smiled. Annabeth bit her lip, but let the girl inside. "Soo, Rachel, how did you find out about me losing my memory?" Annabeth asked. Rachel's face went white. "Uhh, P-Percy told me. Yeah! It was Percy. He told me what happened." She grinned, color returning to her face. Annabeth was confused, but didn't bother asking any more questions. "So, I came to tell you something about Percy." Rachel said after a while. Annabeth smiled. "I think Percy is a great guy. He's so cute. Especially when he's worried." She chuckled a bit. Rachel suddenly seemed angry. "Don't say that! Percy is terrible!" She exclaimed and threw her hands in the air. "Huh?" Annabeth scratched her head. Rachel seemed to stop and think about something. "Uhh...he...um...he tricked me once. He told me that...um...that he'd be waiting for me a restaurant, but he wasn't there. A monster was there." She said. Annabeth tilted her head. Rachel was acting real suspicious. Each word seemed thought up. Made up. FAKE. Rachel started filling Annabeth's head with all kinds of words about Percy. Each one was bad. Lies. It was eight o' clock at night when Rachel and Annabeth heard some noises at the door. "Percy's home, but I'll be back tomorrow. Don't ask him anything or tell him about me. Okay? Bye!" Rachel talked really fast and suddenly ran out of the room. She quickly unlocked the back door and disappeared into darkness. Then the front door opened and Percy walked in. "Hey, Annabeth. Did any memories return?" He asked. Annabeth shook her head. "Well, what did you do all day? What did you eat?" Percy took off his jacket and put it on a hook. Annabeth realized she hadn't eaten all day. "Ummm...I went out for lunch. And...um...this girl came over." She said, but as soon as the words left her mouth she knew that she had blew it. She needed to think up an excuse. "What girl? What was her name?" Percy asked. Annabeth looked down. "Ummm...she was a girl scout." She lied. Percy lifted his eyebrows. "We're in New Rome, Annabeth. Girl scouts are in the human world..." He said. Annabeth knew she had blew it. "You know what Percy, I'm really tired. I'm gonna go to bed." She said quickly and turned towards the stairs. She hesitated, waiting for a reply from Percy, but there wasn't one. She sighed and started up the stairs. When she got to the top, she heard Percy call, "The bedroom is the one on the left!" Annabeth nodded and turned left. She gasped when she passed the first room. It was filled with books. Each one was at least two inches wide. There were bookshelves lining each wall. Bookcases stood bold in the center of the room. A big white throw down carpet was in a corner, where a small black pillow lay. Next to the pillow were two stacks of books. A laptop was next to the books. Annabeth slowly stepped inside. She went over to the carpet and pillow. She picked up the first book on one of the stacks. "Eighteen Years hunted, Three in Love?" She read the title and suddenly a blast of words ran through her mind. Everything went white, then back to normal. Annabeth stood, shocked. Then she opened the book. She flipped through the pages. Each one, she knew what it read. "I think I just got a memory..." She murmured to herself. Hours started to go by, and Annabeth started to read the book. She knew what it was about somehow, but the book was amazing. Who is the author of this book? She thought to herself. She looked on the cover, and nearly dropped the book. In big bold letters read: By Annabeth Chase Jackson. "Oh, my gods." Annabeth said. She turned to the acknowledgements page. It read: To my Seaweed Brain. Thank you for turning my life around. Annabeth stood, not daring to read another page. She slowly put down the book and took another from the stack. "A day in Tartarus..." Annabeth whispered the name of the book to herself. Suddenly, a wave of pure white flooded her vision for a second time, but this time, her vision morphed into a dreamlike scene. Annabeth was in a river. The water was pure black with ripples of debris floating by. Way in the distance was a shore of jagged, black, glassy rocks and sand. The sky was blood red, filled with clouds of acid. Annabeth was swimming with a boy in this strange river. The boy had black hair and green eyes: Percy! He looked exhausted. He was shaking and murmuring thoughts of misery and despair. " Tell me about New Rome," Annabeth demanded, not even aware of what she was saying. " What were your plans for us?" Annabeth said hopelessly. Percy murmured something barely audible. " Yeah, Seaweed Brain. You said we could have a future there! Tell me!" Annabeth's vision suddenly was blurred and she was back in the room, filled with books. She felt dizzy and she struggled to keep herself balanced, grabbing at the nearest things. Somehow, she gripped a hand. She opened her eyes to find Percy. All Annabeth could do was hug him, even if she barely remembered him. "Percy...I just had a horrible...like...daydream." She blinked hard and pulled away. She gasped silently when she noticed Percy was crying. "Annabeth..." He whispered. He took the book named, A day in Tartarus. "You wrote this book...and it's a true story. That daydream you just had, it really happened in the past. Without you, I wouldn't be here today.'' Percy said slowly. He wiped the tears from his eyes and opened the book. His