Alone Okay so there are definalty some grammer and spelling here but my beta is a little busy and i wanted to get this up. This is a oneshot at the moment but is could change. There is now a sequal called freedom Elladan and Elrohir rose from their shared bed and their lover; Legolas and dresses. They had barely gone to be three hours previous. Legolas had already gone to bed and they were far to tired to wake him. Elladan left at note for Legolas and Elrohir followed him out of the door. Legolas woke sometime later and rolled to cuddle in with one of his bonded but found only cold sheets. Siting he cast his eyes round the room and smiled sadly. He had not seen either of them properly for over a week now. They had been swamped with work from the negotiations with men in the south of Gondor and the Dwarves in the east, and the two years before that it had been and uprising of the people who thought that Faramir had more right to the throne and then before then there was the fact that Aragon had just ascended to the throne. Legolas had made a great effort to come from Ithilien frequently to visit his bonded but now they had no time for him. Climbing gracefully from the bed he stepped down the steps that raised the bed and smiled slightly when he saw the note written in careful elvish script. Another note for lunch plans. They would be broken again as always but he would still go and hope that by some miracle of the valar they would remember. It was always the same place and same time as the rest but still they would forget. Dressing in greens and gold and placing his circlet on his head he left to go to breakfast with the rest of the courtiers. Picking up the note when he left he pulled the seal open and read quickly confirming their suspicions. Meleth Meet at the base of the tower and we will bring lunch. 1:00pm Your bonded. Letting the note fall to the floor he tried to hold back the tears. A hundred years they had been married in the eyes of the Valar. Pledging undying love and loyalty and now two o them didn't have time for the third. It was always the same for the passed five years. Loving words and promises of dinner and a romantic evening. Only to be brushed aside in favour of the preparations for a lords visit next week. Then when they had a bad day they would come and complain to Legolas then take their rough brand of pleasure with his body leaving bruises and scraps not caring as they once had. Taking a deep heaving breath he stood tall and convinced himself of his own well being. Placing a convincing smile on his face he walked to the dining hall. Aragon was not surprised to see that both of the kings hands were already in the council room to begin today's negotiations when he entered. "Ah my trusted advisors. Here early again. I am sure that you only worked not three hours ago. Have you even had time with your bonded this last week he has been here?" Aragon tried to drop in lightly. He had seen the letters that Legolas was sending. Many of them often going unopened, asking them to go to Ithilien to visit. Both looked up and smiled at him. "Yes we had quite the night last night." Neither remembering that Legolas had ended up crying. Aragorn just nodded and hopped that they meant a good night with talking and love, not rough pleasure play. There was a knock at the door and Faramir came in holding another stack of documents pertaining to the negotiations followed by the dwarves and men. Legolas stood at the bottom of the grand tower and waited. He had been waiting for a good hour and a half when a guard came up to him. Theo was a tower guard and was there every day he knew most if the things that were going on between the lords and Prince. He was only fifteen and had previously work with his father in the job since he was ten. "My Prince?" He did not want to startle the concentrating elf. "Ah Theo his are you today?" Legolas asked trying to be polite. Theo nodded "Good my lord. Mary has agreed to marry me and we are to get married next year." Legolas smiled in genuine happiness for him. "Congratulations. I must meet this Mary, have you picked a house to live in yet?" "Yes my lord. My captain had allowed me to purchase his old house at a low price. Lovely house to tis a shame that he can not live in it after his wife left him." Legolas clasped arms with the young man. "When you are married and at home I will visit to congratulate you again. Such a wonderful thing love is". Theo was loath to break the elfin good mood but he knew that he would have to. "My lord. I know that you await your bonded but I bring bad news. They still reside I. The negotiation hall and are taking noon dinner with the men and dwarves there." Legolas didn't speak just nodded. He didn't know why he bothered to get his hopes up. Raising a hand and pulling the braids from his hair and the circlet. Theo noticed the bruising on Legolas wrists. "If they do turn... What am I saying they aren't coming and they never will. Thank you Theo" Legolas walked towards the entrance to the tower and entered head bowed low and spirit destroyed. Theo looked after the poor elf. He was aware that elven braids held a certain import to them but did removing them also have importance. Waving another of the guards over he asked that he guard the part for a moment while he went to see the king who would be eating his noon day meal. Standing before the kings private dining chamber. Knocking he waited to be bid entry. "Enter" came the deep voice of the king. Opening the grand oak doors he stepped inside and closed it quietly. Not bothering to take in the rooms design, he was here on a mission. Aragorn looked up from his book and dinner. Surprised not to see one of his Hands damning him for not signing something he paused. "Can I help you?" He asked after a moment. Theo bowed and stepped infront of the desk. "Your Grace, it is Lord Legolas. I fear for his spirit. It is breaking." He blurted, Aragorn slowly lowed his fork and frowned. "You better sit down and explain." Theo adjusted his sword and sat on the edge of the chair and began. "I have long had and intrest in elves so when Lord Legolas came to Gondor with you five years ago, I asked him many questions and struck up aquantaince that as I got older moved to friendship. I guard the entrance of the tower where Lord Legolas goes most days. He is there to wait for his bonded to meet him as promised for lunch. They never turn up. At first he was rather accepting as they turned up late or made apologies. But now they do nothing, they never show up. Today he made to ask me that should they wish to find him. But he stopped and left saying that they weren't coming and and never would. He also bears hand print bruises on his arms." He spoke quickly and clearly wanting to get everything off of his chest but hesitate to mention his braids. Aragorn could tell this "You are keeping something back?" He nodded. "I am not sure if it has any meaning My Grace. When he was leaving he removed all of his braids from his hair." Aragorns head shot up. "All of them? He let his hair loose completely" He nodded again. Aragorn stood and moved towards the doors calling for Faramir. The auburn haired man came down the corridor in a hurry. "Yes your Grace?" "Tell the Hands of the king to end negotiations today and that they are needed in the king study. They are to wait until I return for them." Faramir did not question, Aragorns tone was that of anger and worry. Legolas sat on the very edge of the turrets and looked over. His now loose hair blowing in the winds. He couldn't remember the last time he had worn his hair loose outside of his bedchamber. He wore bonding braids, worrior braids, a pinces braids and his family braids. To remove them was to condemn yourself to being unknown. Worthless in the eyes of your kin. Without his bonded twins in his life he was nothing. He didn't hear the doors open and Aragorn come out onto the roof. "Legolas?" The elf turned his head and moved to get off the ledge, Aragorn placed a hand on his shoulder and sat him back down. "Talk to me Legolas. Please. I have just had a very worried Guard friend of yours in my office." He carded his hand through the silken elven hair. "You have undone your braids. Please let me put your warrior braids in at least. I can not do the rest." It was fobbiden for any elf who had rejected his braids to put them back in, someone who was represented by the braids had to replace them. A warriors braids - A brother in arms. A princes braids - A King A Bonding braid - A bonded Family braids - Family Legolas looked over his shoulder at Aragorn. "Do I deserve them though?" Aragorn didn't bother answering just began weaving the hair into the braids that were so familiar to him. He moved to put in Legolas Princely braids as well but found a hand stopping him. "No Aragorn I have never done anything particularly Princely to deserve them." Aragorn stopped his face falling, Legolas was truly broken at the moment. Five years of being ignored by the two most important people in his life had taken it's toll on him. "Legolas you were part of the fellowship. You have never done anything more Princely in your life. Please Mellon-nin" Legolas just let Aragorn do as he wished with his hair. "Legolas Please talk with someone, if it not me then your friend Theo maybe." Legolas was lost in though again by now, Aragorn was livid. Legolas quietly shut down the last of the connection between him and his other bonded. The connection was the main difference between and elven and mortal marriage, it as what kept Legolas going through the war but now it was like ice wrapping around him. He would leave for the havens now, he probably wouldn't make it though. Elladan and Elrohir were each confused as to the reseason for thier summons. Aragorn slammed the door open and stood fuming in the doorway. "You are both stupid, arrogant sons of..." He stopped and slammed the door with a crash. Storming over to the pair of them he pulled the chairs out from under them. "Do you have any idea what you have done to Legolas? Do you?" The pair looked at each other and shrugged. "He was asleep last time we saw him. We had one he..." "Hell of a night? Yeah I saw the bruises" Aragorn poured himself a drink and sat in front of them. "Has Legolas said something? He must be telling you something, he doesn't accept that we have work to do." Elladan defended quickly and with an edge. "Doesn't accept, he stopped sending the letters a year ago, he hasn't complained about anything. A guard friend of his came to me today after you abandoned him again. I think