Freedom Part 1 of 3 A sequal to my oneshot alone. Unbetaed. Legolas led back in the bath that had been loving drawn for him by his bonded and thought back to the past few weeks. He had lost all hope and will to live, giving into pain and loneliness. The steam was thick and heavy and making his limbs fell confined but he couldn't summon the will to lift them. Sinking further into the memory and reflecting on the time, however brief, he spent with Namo. The mark had faded to a shade just slightly darker than his pale skin and had grown branching out like vines into a pattern down the side of face. A blessing of Namo. Then his mind turned to his beloved twins and smiled, oh how he loved them. He hadn't forgave them for he had never blamed them but his trust was still shaky and fragile. Legolas had decided that would give them the benefit of the doubt and would travel to Ithilien with them for a while then to the now reclaimed and renamed Greenwood and even further onto Imladris. A knock at the door brought him up to the present, he realised that the bath water was getting colder and that thus was a sure sign that he had spent a time enough in there. "Yes?" He asked through the door. The answer that came back made him smile. "Is our prince decent for visitors?" The faux servant voice replied. "Visitors? No. Lovers and yes but don't tell my bonded" The door opened and the twins entered. "Of course my lord" The knelt either side of Legolas and who led his head back and dry hair splayed across their laps. Elladan ran his fingers through it and began to plait it and add pretty designs along with his normal braids. "We have packed and are ready to have the horses saddled when you are ready." Legolas stood from the stone pool and let the water cascade off his body and stepped up the stones steps and into the large fluffy towel that Elrohir held out before him, he wrapped his arms around Legolas along with the towel. Leaning into Legolas neck and laying a chaste kiss he spoke. "We have something to give you and something to say before we leave" Leading him out of the bathroom and into the bedroom. Elladan went over to a dresser and pulled out a wooden box and sat on the floor in front of Legolas who had moved to the bed. Opening the box he revealed a beautiful wooden riding clasp for Legolas hair. The deep mahogany wood was inlaid with gold in placed to create words. There was the elven eternity knot woven into three time connecting three times into each other creating a large circle, there was elegant hooks designed to look like vines for holding back the hair while riding and the main pin was to look like a hunting arrow. "Ai! Valar it's beautiful. Dan, Ro, ... you didn't have to. But... Ai it so beautiful." He reached out a hand and stopped just before touching it. Elladan lifted the box a faction to make the connection between the gift and Legolas. "It represents something too. We didn't want you to think that anything we said a week ago to was just words. The three knots are us and our bond for eternity. We broke out bonding promise to you and we will never do this again. We hurt you and abused the perfect gift you gave us and we beg that you forgive us. We know that you may never trust anything we say again..." Legolas moved his hand over to Elladan's lips and stopped him from speaking. "Under the eyes of the Valar we are bonded, I promise on this sacred vow that I will never break this vow. I will love you entirely and share my life with you. This I vow under the eyes of Illuitivar." Elrohir and Elladan both looked astounded before continuing the vow "Our love for you is deeper than the sea and it breadth you can not tell. Under the eyes of the Valar we make this vow. With you we share our lives and for eternity we shall care for you and never shall we dishonour you. In the eyes of the Valar we are bonded." The same that they had said on the day of there bonding a hundred years ago. Legolas smiled beautifully and gazed at the pair. "We are bonded and I forgive nothing because I do not blame. I am returned to you and we shall start this bond anew with Love and Trust however fragile, for love is fragile." Elladan and Elrohir were both in awe of the shinning light that was Legolas, to give them this chance and to say that he blamed them not. A mercy that they should not have asked for but was freely given. Lifting the riding clasp from the box the pair began to weave the braids that already existed through the intricate hair piece. The contrast of the Mahogany against the golden hair was beautiful. Once woven in it was pinned with the arrow giving the effect that his hair was no longer than his shoulders. Spinning on the spot he moved to the large mirror that sat on the dresser Elrohir held a smaller mirror up so that he could see the back of his hair. "It looks wonderful, Thank you so much. I can't wait to go riding now. Shall we leave soon." Elladan opened the top draw of Legolas dresser and pulled out a riding outfit and laid it on the bed. "You get dressed and we shall get the horses saddled and food packs prepared for our journey." He kissed Legolas on the lips and caressed his cheek before leaving. Legolas was fastening the clasps of the brown leather jerkin when he saw the shadows in the room lengthen and felt the presence of Namo as he entered the mortal plain. Namo sat on the bed and watched as Legolas turned to look at him. "Legolas, I and many of the others of the Valar heard your vow and are in awe of your mercy. I pray that they understand that gift." Namo stood and embraced Legolas, he carefully traced the patterns on his face. "They are stunning" He stood back preparing to leave when he heard the doors of the chambers open again and the twins entered stopping in shock when they saw the Vala. "Legolas?" They panicked, thoughts running rampant. Had they done something wrong was he here to collect Legolas. Namo watched before standing back and speaking. "Do not panic, I am only here to make sure that you shall uphold these vows." He then moved away futher back into the shadows and left the realm of middle earth. The twins breathed a sigh of relief and relaxed. Holding out the packs and declaring that they were ready when ever he was. "Never fear that I shall depart this life willingly again my dear ones. Shall we leave now then. I wish to say good by to Aragorn though." Elladan grinned. "I knew you would say that he is waiting in the reviving room." Legolas pleases by his bonded fore thought left to greet his friend. Aragorn hadn't aged a day in the last five years, he weathered kingship well and with unending grace. Standing in front of the large book case he surveyed the selection, mind archiving certain volumes and tomes that he would read sooner or later, when he heard the door of the inner chamber open and near silent foots steps enter. "Legolas, Mae Govannen. How are you?" He asked politically. He was still worried that the twins didn't understand the gift and responsibility they had. "Wonderful. We have repledged our bonding vows. Look at the beautiful gift they have gotten me as a token of their love." He spun to show off the hair decoration that moved not an inch but sparkled in the midday sun. "It is astonishing my friend. I take it in that case that you are in fact leaving for your extended trip with them?" He knew the answer but wanted to hear from Legolas mouth and gauge his attitude towards the outing. "Yes indeed we are leaving now. I only have to wish you well and good luck before we gallop off into the sunset like the Hero's of elfling tales." Aragorn felt a weight lift off his chest. He was clearly happy about this trip and was willingly going. "As long as you are cared for." Elladan and Elrohir were waiting on the forecourt with the three horses and relevant packs when Legolas exited the castle. He turned and cast a look back at the castle almost wistfully, so much had happened in the last three weeks that it had felt like a lifetime. "We can stay a little longer if there are things you want to do?" Legolas shook his head. "No lets leave, when I leave this place I can be free again." He spoke nearly inaudible to any but the other elves. He moved and mounted the bare back bay stallion, tapping the sides of the horse and leaning down. "I have a wish to leave this city of stone and get back to my trees." He spoke in quiet elvish, the horse listened and pounded out of the forecourt and through the city. The twins had to mount quickly to follow Legolas, at the speed he was racing he would reach Ithillen in the early hours of the morning. Quickly stone vanished and the rolling planes of the Pelennor fields, Legolas was leaning back on the stallion voice raised to the heavens. Freedom, Pure Freedom. Later that evening the twins had set camp and were cooking some hunted rabbits, Legolas had some blank parchments out and a small portable quill and ink. He was sketching and watching the twins with clever and analysing eyes. They were bickering over the seasoning of the rabbits, they were very animated waving their arms and making wild gestures. Just watching them made him feel sleepy, the grief had taken it's toll on his energy reserves. He was slowly building it up again but still felt the effects. Laying back on his side and placing the parchment on the grass he just watched the pair, mind slipping into the memory of the first few years of their bonding and being in the same position. Slowly he slipped into elven dreams feeling free and complete for the first time in five years. Elladan shushed Elrohir and pointed to the sleeping elf. "He's beautiful. Shall we wake him when the food is cooked?" Elladan nodded, Legolas was hard enough to get food into at the best of times. Elladan nodded Legolas needed energy and food was very important in this endeavour. Elrohir opened one of the larger pack and pulled out the blankets and laid one across Legolas. This was perfect, no duties or responsibilities to anyone other than themselves and each-other. "I think we have a chance to repair this, Las has given us a chance. Lets not wreck it." The twins made a pact with themselves to do right by Legolas. Elladan pulled the pot off from the heat and spooned some of the rich thick stew into a bowl and handed it to Elrohir gesturing to Legolas. "Legolas, Las. Food. Come on you need to eat before you can sleep properly." Elrohir gently rubbed at the soft juncture of his neck to wake him. Legolas sat up slightly dazed, this point on any elf was intimate. Hence all the high necked robes. It lulled the elf into a relaxed state and unless you were bonded or a parent it was considered a great insult to touch them here. Legolas took the bowl