Chapter 1 "Come on Hermione, you could at least /try/ to be more sympathetic. You're the one who's punched him in the face!" "I believe you did the same thing a couple years later, Harry," Hermione responded (in a notably unsympathetic fashion). She sat on Harry's couch calmly listening to him fret and rant as she sipped her tea. Honestly, she thought that she really shouldn't be all that surprised that Harry hadn't grown out of his juvenile hatred for Malfoy over the past seven years since the war had ended. It was /Harry/ she was talking about here. Since when was he not ruled by his emotions? Especially anger and resentment. She sighed, tuning out his sarcastic retort. "You're both going to be /teachers/, you can't go around bickering all the time anymore! I know you don't particularly like him and neither do I. He was a right git throughout most of our time at Hogwarts, and he made some really poor decisions. But he also didn't turn you in to the snatchers. And you saved his life in the Room of Requirement shortly before his mother saved yours by lying to /Voldemort/, one of the most powerful legilimens in the world. We may have had a bad start with him, but he's not evil. I'm sure if you just talk to him and tell him you don't want to fight, then you two can be perfectly civil." Harry looked as if he'd just gotten a scolding from Mrs. Weasley. Which, he realized, he had, just not from the one he was thinking of. He was thrilled that his two best friends had finally gotten married, but he was still getting used to thinking of them that way. If it had been up to Ron they would've been married within a year of the final battle, but of course Hermione didn't agree. She wanted to further her career, and only once she became head of the Muggle Liaison office at the Ministry did she accept his proposal. Her independence made it especially hard for Harry to think of her as 'Mrs. Weasley,' a name that only brought up images of Molly in his head. No, she would always just be Hermione. "Okay, I'll try, but you know how he gets under my skin. And if he starts being a prick I can't make any promises." "Just talk to him. I want this job to make you /happy/ okay? You've been so down ever since Ginny and you...well, you need a change of pace and you can't be happy if you're always fighting with Malfoy." "Yeah, I guess, thanks." "Oh Harry, come on, don't go all mopey because I mentioned Ginny. It's true, you've been taking it too hard." "Well how am I supposed to be taking it? She's the only serious relationship I've ever had! We've essentially been dating since Sixth Year and we've been married for five years!" "You mean you /were/ married for five years." "Oh thanks Hermione, I really needed that reminder," he spat sarcastically. "Honestly, I didn't mean it that way, but you've got to move on. It's been almost a year now, I mean she's moved on-" "Oh I'm well aware of that. /She's/ the one that wanted-" Hermione continued on patiently. "And you should as well. Since when have you /needed/ someone in your life? In school you didn't date hardly at all. You weren't even interested in anyone until Cho Chang and you only sort of dated her for like two weeks! Come on Harry, you /know/ things weren't working out, that's why she wanted the divorce. You guys wanted completely different things from life. You want a lot of kids and that's great, but Ginny doesn't. She doesn't want to be like her mother - not that Molly's not a lovely woman - and she doesn't want to possibly give up her spot on the Hollyhead Harpies or miss a season for a baby. This job is what she's dreamed of her entire life! She's not going to give that up to have a child she's not ready for. Plus, with her playing professional quidditch and you being an auror, how was the baby going to be looked after? You guys would be gone all of the time!" "I know, I know. I just wish...that things had been different. I mean that was kinda my life plan. Get married to Ginny, become an auror, have a big family. I guess I didn't really think about…" "If you really wanted it? If it would work? Harry I think you made the right decision in quitting the aurors. I know they tried to guilt trip you into staying because you're the 'saviour of the wizarding world' but you really didn't need all of that stress. And I know you're tired, I mean you've been chasing dark wizards practically your entire life, you've got to give it a rest at some point." "Yeah, I am kinda tired. And I'll try to make a truce with Malfoy and put the whole Ginny thing behind me if it makes you feel better." Hermione sighed. "It's not about /me/ feeling better." Chapter 2 Harry was sorely tempted to take the Hogwarts Express. Well, he didn't actually want to spend hours on a stuffy train with no one he knew and a bunch of gawking children, but he was taken in by the idea of doing things just like old times. In the end, it was silly nostalgia come years too late. He apparated from Grimmauld Place (which he had managed to clear out a bit more in the past year, although it was still admittedly rather forbidding) straight into Hogsmeade and walked up the the castle. The other advantage of not taking the train was that he had a few hours to put away his things and set up his office and classroom. And maybe discuss a truce with Draco Malfoy. If he wasn't being a prick. The headmistress met him in the entrance way. "Professor Potter, how lovely to have you back in the castle. I trust you remember where the Defense classroom is?" "Thank you headmistress, it's nice to see you as well. I remember where the room is." Harry spoke stiffly and politely out of nervousness. "You may call me Minerva now Harry, you are, after all, a part of the staff." Her eyes twinkled. "Shall I show you to your living quarters?" Harry followed along behind her up to the sixth floor where there was an ornate pillar, covered in marble vines in abstract swirls. "For now the password is 'bowtruckle,' if you may change it whenever you like. I trust that you would like to get settled in now?" "Yes, Hea- Minerva. Thank you." The headmistress smiled, "The feast will begin at six thirty. You may do as you wish until then." Harry gave the password and entered his quarters, looking around. It was small, but at least he had a space of his own. There was a front room of sorts with a worn looking sofa and a table and space for little else. He moved into his bedroom which housed a four poster much like his old one in Gryffindor tower, except the bedclothes and hangings were all a gentle dove gray rather than red. He flopped down on it. His room would do, it wasn't like he was going to need it for anything more than sleeping anyway. From his spot on the bed he could see a cramped bathroom through a doorway to his right. Again, it would do. He thought he really ought to start putting his things away and go down to set up his classroom, but putting things off was always so much /easier/. He rolled over onto his stomach, but groaned and got up when his trunk stabbed him in the ribs. "Fine," he said exasperatedly as he pulled the shrunken object from his coat pocket and restored it to its normal size. He had had Hermione put an undetectable extension charm on it and had proceeded to throw everything haphazardly in. He was now realizing that might not have been the best idea as he had to now get everything /out/ and put in in its proper place. He spent the better part of two hours taking everything out of his trunk and sorting it into piles around the room by type of item and then putting them away. The stuff for his classroom and office he put back in the trunk (in carefully separated piles). He shrunk the trunk down again, just enough so he could comfortably carry it in his arms, and he headed out the door. He had just turned onto the fourth floor corridor from the stairs when someone knocked into him from behind. He managed to stop himself from actually falling, but he heard all of his books and dark detectors jumbling together. He closed his eyes and breathed deeply to compose himself. "I'm so sorry, I wasn't looking where I was going- Potter?" Harry turned around. Of /course/ it was Draco bloody Malfoy who messed up his painstaking organization. The git probably did it on purpose somehow. Harry so badly wanted to sneer at the blonde's uncharacteristically disheveled face. He looked like an idiot standing there with an open book askew in his hand and Harry really wanted to take a jab at him, but he remembered Hermione's lecture. Still he couldn't quite keep the edge from his voice when he responded. "Malfoy, no need to sound so surprised, I'm sure you knew I was joining the staff this year too. What are you doing on the fourth floor?" "Don't worry Golden Boy, I'm not up to any nefarious plots, you don't have to keep an eye on me." "Don't call me that! And I didn't think you were up to anything, I was just wondering why you were up here in my way, messing up my things when your classroom and everything is in the dungeons," Harry responded hotly. Hermione's way might have seemed good in theory, but Malfoy was just such a snarky bastard! "Oh, /my/ apologies. I wouldn't want to get in the way of the Chosen One and mess up his 'things,'" he put up air quotes. "I was just going to see Poppy about the potions she had spoken to me about earlier." "I told you not to call me those things!" "What precious Potter doesn't like those titles? He wants to be just like everyone else?" Draco asked mockingly. Harry put down his trunk and jumped at Draco, trying to wrestle him to the floor. "I. Said. Don't. Call. Me. That!" "Gentlemen!" Minerva McGonagall had appeared, seemingly out of nowhere, and towered above them. "Gentlemen I am disappointed in you. You are both professors and you are expected to conduct yourselves appropriately at all times. I had hoped you would be able to put your childish rivalry behind you on your own, but it appears not." She looked down her nose at them. "From this point on I expect you to act civil in each other's company. There will be no more fighting, verbal or physical. You are expected to call each other by your /given/ names and /not/ to antagonize each other. Do I make myself clear?" "Yes ma'am." "Yes headmistress." She nodded briskly and left. Harry got up and straightened his glasses, carding a hand through his hair. "Look, Malfoy, do you want to call a truce?" "Well she made it pretty clear that we have to be civil to each other regardless." Draco replied snarkily. Harry glared at him. "Fine." Draco relented and held out his hand. "And it's Draco." Harry shook his hand. "I assume this truce is simply a pledge to stop antagonizing each other...Harry?" "Um, yeah, I guess. I'll see you around...Draco." He turned and picked up his trunk, cradling it to his body as