A/N : Yeah, I know this didn't actually happen. But if James was a Chaser , Harry had to get his Seeking skills from somewhere else, didn't he ;) This is total wish fulfillment. Also, I just love the idea of girls and guys equally and competitively playing sports together in the seventies. It makes me happy. And Lily was athletic, because I want her to be athletic, and this is my story so she is. Summer was nearing its end, and Lily Evans was content. Just two days ago she'd kissed her parents goodbye, and Floo-ed over to her lovely friend Marlene McKinnon's home to spend the last three weeks of holiday with her and her family. An event which had led to this exquisite moment of contentment, with Lily and Marlene sitting on a blanket by a babbling brook, eating the sandwiches the McKinnon's house elf Buttercup had made them. Well, Lily was still eating. Marlene had already finished her sandwich, and proceeded to pull off her clothes, revealing the strappy red swimsuit underneath. Lily watched as Marlene waded and splashed in the water, smile on her face. "C'mon, Lily! Come play with me!" Marlene whined. Lily smiled more widely, "You sound six instead of sixteen right now, Marley." Marlene answered with a well-directed splash right in Lily's face, soaking her clothes and making the half-sandwich she had left grossly soggy. "You're in for it now, you witch!" Lily screeched, dropping the sandwich and running into the brook with her clothes still on, tackling her rather taller friend into the water. The tussle lasted a few moments, and ended with Lily clinging to Marlene's back, feet wrapped around her waist, and Marlene with a fistful of dark red hair, both girls laughing hysterically. "Ugh, now I'm all wet," Lily complained as they exited the water, and Marlene towel dried herself and slipped into her still dry clothes. Marlene handed the towel to Lily, a thoughtful look on her face, "Too bad we can't use our wands to dry ourselves off. Just a few more months…" Marlene trailed off, and Lily nodded, also looking forward to the days when they could both use magic without restrictions. "Oh! I've the perfect way for us to dry off. C'mon, Lily!" Marlene said, grabbing Lily's hand as the two ran across the expansive yard towards a shed in the corner. "But, what about the blanket and the basket and-," "Buttercup will get it." Marlene said, cutting Lily off and running even faster. Lily accompanied her, a small frown on her face. Lily still wasn't quite sure what to make of house elves. Everyone assured her they loved their lives and their jobs, the house elves included, but their existence and purpose still made Lily uncomfortable. Slavery was wrong… Lily was pulled from her troubled thoughts by their arrival at the elusive shed. Excitedly, Marlene opened the door to reveal a collection of broomsticks, with a large trunk, filled with, Lily assumed, quidditch supplies, settled on the floor. "We can fly around, maybe toss the quaffle a bit. The sun and the wind are bound to get you dry more quickly than just sitting around," Marlene explained happily. Lily grinned at her friend. When Severus had first told Lily she was a witch, flying on a broomstick was always the part she'd been most looking forward to. And when she did finally learn, that first week at Hogwarts, it was a like a dream. All her fears and apprehension, and the stress of the world she'd suddenly been dropped into seem to drift away behind her as she flew circles around her classmates. Master Jonas said she was a natural. And flying did feel natural to her, as easy as breathing. Master Jonas had even gone so far, once he'd learned she was muggle-born, to explain quidditch to her, and encouraged her to practice and later try-out for the Gryffindor house team, once she figured out which position she liked most. Lily had thanked Master Jonas for the advice, but hadn't taken it. She was at school to learn, and though nobody liked to admit it, Lily was already at a disadvantage because she was muggle-born. She needed to study and work hard and do well in her classes. Plus, she'd never tell anyone, but Lily had snitched a quidditch magazine from the common room one night to look at broomstick prices. Buying a broom would be a stretch for her parents on the best day, and Lily certainly couldn't justify the cost if she wasn't even serious about the sport. No, Lily Evans wasn't meant to play quidditch. But that certainly didn't mean she didn't enjoy flying, or watching quidditch, or reading about it, or….well, maybe she was meant to play quidditch, but it just wasn't in the cards for her. "Sounds great," Lily responded, watching as Marlene picked up her reliable Nimbus 600 up from the stack. Marlene was on the Gryffindor quiddtich team, had been for the past two years. She played chaser, along with Nigel Peakes and James Potter. "Pick whichever broom you like, nobody will mind. My dad and brothers barely use theirs anymore," Marlene finished, shaking her head in disgust at the thought of a broom going to waste. Lily nodded, and stuck her hand out, feeling the handle of each broom. It was more of a personal tic than anything, Lily couldn't often keep her hands still and was very sensory, but when the handle of one broom shook beneath her hand and grew warm, she knew it was the one she was meant to ride. "Ah, the good ole' Cirrus 180," Marlene said with an appreciative nod, "That's my dad's. Treat it well, and she'll treat you even better. That's what Dad always says, anyway," Marlene finished with a fond roll of her eyes. "Race you 'round the house and back?" Lily asked excitedly, as she walked out of the shed and straddled the broom. "You're on!" Marlene replied, quickly mounting her own broom and kicking off the ground. Lily followed suit, and the girls spent the rest of the afternoon happily racing each other around the yard and tossing the quaffle. Everything was fine, great even, until Marlene called for one final race before the girls went in for supper. So far, victory in their races had been split pretty evenly between the two girls for the afternoon. Marlene had more practice, and was very talented on a broom, but Lily was smaller, and on the windy day had less air resistance, lending her half the wins in the process. "Ready…." Lily called, watching Marlene hover next to her in the air, "GO!" She shouted, and both girls took off at breakneck pace. Down the lawn with the wind at their back, Marlene had the edge on Lily. As they reached the McKinnon's imposing manor house, Marlene went right, while Lily took left, the back of her broom brushing the brick as she raced madly around the house. Above the front door, both girls met, zipping dangerously toward one another, each unwilling to give up hugging the house, and to gain the extra second pushing away to avoid collision would cause. At the very last moment, Lily, realizing Marlene was ready to crash before losing, turned neatly away from the house, and curved herself around her best friend's broom. Marlene smiled wickedly, and Lily stuck her tongue out at her before she was gone, rounding about the other side of the house just as Lily was about to do the same. Once they reached the back lawn, Lily laid flat on the broomstick, trying to make up the ground she'd lost, but it was to be in vain. Marlene beat her back to the tree they used as a finish line by a hair, and braked hard, her hands raised above her head in triumph. That's when it happened. In a second, so quick that Marlene probably didn't even notice it had occurred, Lily watched as the clasp of her best friend's charm bracelet broke, and the high speeds and celebration of the moment before flung it away, in a high arch, straight for the deepest part of the brook. Lily didn't even think before throwing her whole body into the dive her broomstick suddenly made. She didn't think about magic, or danger, or fear. She just knew the little piece of twinkling gold now falling toward the water below was absolutely her best friend's most prized possession, and there was something she could do to keep it from being lost forever. So Lily dove fifty feet, zipping through the trees and branches, ducking when she had to, all the while keeping her bright green eyes trained on the spot of gold now only five feet above the brook. Lily stuck out her hand, and gave out a great whoop of delight when she felt the chain digging into her tight grasp. She slowed herself out of the dive, allowing her bare feet to drag in the water below her, before neatly pulling herself up to meet her friend once again. "I believe you lost this, mademoiselle," Lily said with a grin, dangling the gold bracelet in front of her friend's face. Marlene's mouth was open in shock, her entire countenance the picture of disbelief as she stared at Lily, before finally outstretching her hand to receive the bracelet. "I—you—I mean—Lily!" Marlene finally gasped, "That was—how on earth—where did you learn to fly like that?" "I was just looking for a 'thank you'," Lily responded, blushing. She'd just done it to save Marlene, and by some extension, herself, some work and grief. Lily hadn't been trying to show off, but it seemed Marlene was impressed. "Lily, that was incredible! I hadn't even realized I'd lost my bracelet yet, and you were already diving through the trees-looking like you were going to break your neck, by the way! How did you even see it, Lily?" "I-I don't know," Lily answered, suddenly feeling uncomfortable. Marlene was a very good and kind person, and a great friend, but she was never over-complimentary. Never. She was the one who told it like it was, the girl you could trust to be honest with you about a haircut you were thinking about or the new shoes you'd bought. Marlene's complete 180 on Lily's flying abilities was suddenly disconcerting. "I haven't seen flying that impressive since the last Tornadoes match I went to! You've been holding out on me, Lily, I never knew you could be so bold on a broom. And that catch, it was brill…" but Marlene stopped, face going slack before a manic grin lit up her face, as though she'd had an epiphany. "You're going to be our new Seeker." It was a statement, not a question, and now it was Lily's turn to be shocked. "I-what? No, are you kidding me, Marley? I don't even have my own broom!" Lily said, suddenly exasperated. Marlene was being ridiculous, big ideas after a fluke of a success on Lily's part. Marlene seemed to read Lily's thoughts. "That was by no means a fluke, Lily Evans. That was raw talent, pure and simple. Imagine what you could do with practice! Gemma Frost graduated, and the new captain will be having try-outs for a Seeker anyway. It's perfect! And don't worry yourself about the broom, Dad hardly ever rides that thing anymore, and once he hears this story, trust me when I say he'll give it to you with his blessing. He played Seeker in school, always hoped one of us would as well. Poor man got stuck with two Chasers and a Beater instead…" "I can't just take your dad's broom! This is all ridiculous!" Lily yelled, diving down to the ground and dismounting, ready to lock the broom in the shed and never return. "You're the one being ridiculous, Lily! You'll take the broom, and all the