So I'm back with another new story. This was made for Takara Phoenix's Nercy Contest and being that I never been in a contest before I thought it would be fun to do and it being PJO made it even better. I know I have other unfinished stories out there so I'm going to try and focus on one story at a time now. But back to this story. So it is a Nico/Percy pairing with mentions of Thalia/Luke, Jason/Reyna, Grover/Juniper, Clarisse/Chris, Selena/Beckondorf (I think I spelled it right), an couple others. Now this is SUPPOSED to be a Nercy or Top!Nico/Bottom!Percy but being as this is my first story like this, I'm unsure if I did it right so I'm VERY sorry if it's not that way. Now onto the story Disclaimer: I might be male but I'm not 30-something years old so that means I own nothing but the idea of the story A new school, city, and house... again. Who am I and what am I talking about you ask. Well lets start with the who. My name is Perseus James Jackson. People call me Percy though. I actually prefer Percy over Perseus anyways. So I'm about five foot six and eleven twelfths, I have jet black hair that is as untamable as the sea (which I love... I just love water in general), sea green eyes, and a surfers body (tan skin, in shape with the six pack and all that fun stuff). Oh and I'm eighteen. My personality depends on who you are. If you are my friends or family, I'm a carefree person that'll do anything to protect you. However, if you are my enemy, I am a deadly foe and will literally send you to hell. Now I will also tell you a little about my family (it's somewhat related to what I was talking about). So first we have my mom, Sally Jackson. She's four foot seven, has a thin body with some muscle due to her working all the time, auburn hair, emerald eyes, and light skin that is nicely complemented by a light tan. She was married, at the age of nineteen, to my father Poseidon Jackson. Poseidon was a man that looks like a older version of me. He was in the marines and had died in an explosion when terrorists attacked. Poseidon was a honorable man and was kind and loving and willing to do anything for the people he held close to his heart much like me. After Poseidon died, my mom married a man named Gabriel Ugliano. This was when I was four He's a man that you would see on the side of the road wasted and with no money due to him spending it all on beer and gambling. was nice at first. He had a LOT of money and helped us out with our problems. My great-uncle Rich was in the hospital with cancer and Gabe paid for his treatments and the hospital bills. He also helped us out with the payments for the apartment we're living in at the time. This all happened before he married mom. After he married my mother, things went to hell. Gabe used all the money on beer and gambling, he started yelling at us in drunken fits, and he beat us. That was only the "nice" end of it. When my mom was working (which she had to do to support us because Gabe didn't have a job and only had the money due to winning a bet), Gabe would often take me to my room for "personal bonding time" also know as him raping me. I would have done something had I not been seven and scared of him. I didn't want to call the cops because he threatened to kill my mom and I couldn't tell anyone because I had no friends at the time so I was helpless. When I twelve, I was in seventh grade at the time, I went to this school. I have ADHD and Dyslexia and it's hard for me to sit still and focus. Most teachers were nice and tried helping but it never worked. I got kicked out of three schools by this time. Kids made fun of me and called me broken and said mean stuff to me. This was stuff Gabe did too. So anyways kids would often push me around and there were times where I would fight back and it would end with me getting expelled. That's why I was kicked out of schools. So I was at this school trying to stay in the "shadows" and not be noticed. Me being noticed was always a bad thing because that's when kids started talking to me, finding out about my problems, and then bullying me. As always in my horrible life, I failed miserably at trying to stay unnoticed. About three months into the school year, these two kids tried to mess with me. I was saved by this African American kid with hazel eyes, black hair, and this goatee. I found out that his name was Grover and we became friends. He often called himself my protector. It was towards the end of the school year that he decided to show up at my house unannounced. What was going on at the time was me and Gabe were having our "bonding time" and I was trying to get Gabe off of me. This was one of the few times he was drunk and raping me so he decided to do something REALLY stupid. He threatened my life with a knife. Grover apparently was outside the room, out of my line of sight, and had heard everything. Grover went and grabbed a knife and called the cops. He came back and watched us (being that we finished our "bonding time") until Gabe did the stupid and decided that despite the consequences, he would take my life. As Gabe tried to stab me (he was aiming for my heart) Grover pounced like a cat and had killed Gabe trying to protect me. It wasn't even five minutes later the cops showed up. I was yelling, Grover was trying to calm me down, and the cops were calling for an ambulance to take Gabe's dead body away. It was a week before I talked to Grover... or anyone else for that matter. My mom decided to give up on love after that. That only lasted two years. I say that because when I was fourteen, my mom met a guy named Paul. Paul was a nice guy. He was kind, cared for everyone despite what they had done in the past and what they were known to do, and he defended his loved ones much like what dad had done. By this time, I had gone to two more schools and had to deal with Grover tagging along not trusting me to keep out of trouble. This is important so don't think I'm getting side tracked. I was with Grover and Mom looking at my new classes and getting the stuff I would need for my classes a week before school started because that was what we did at this school. We walked into my English class and met Paul. Yep, that's right, my mom fell for my English teacher. So after dating for a year and being engaged to mom for a half a year, the two got married. It wasn't long after that, that I got kicked out of school because another kid was bullying me and I broke his nose trying to defend myself. It was about a year before the incident that the bullying got worse because they started calling me gay for not having a girlfriend. So when this guy came up to me, calling me names, knocking my stuff out of my hands and scattering it everywhere, along with pushing me around, well I snapped and fought back. There was no more schools to go to now because I had been all over and we needed a new start so we moved to San Francisco. Note that this is the ONLY time we moved to a different city but this was the millionth time that we got a new house and I transferred to a new school. So now you know who I am and what I was talking about. As of right now, I'm on my way to the new school. ~A Weirdly Comfortable Feeling~ School was boring. That's how it always was. Now a week into being at my new school I knew that for sure. I mean there were a couple schools that weren't as boring as the others because they actually made stuff more fun like for detention, you might have to swim fifty laps around the pool or for Straight A's for the marking period, you might get a pizza party at the bowling alley with five of your friends (despite what their grades might be), or even a trip to the principles office meant getting to eat ice cream while you tried figuring out what was wrong. Now those schools weren't all that boring. Yes the work was but the rewards and consequences weren't. So anyways, a week into being at this new school, I new for sure that this school was boring. I managed to stay in the shadows with Grover (who came to live with us due to his mom going crazy and becoming abusive while his father and any other relatives were dead) for the majority of the week. It was Thursday when someone decided to start something. It wasn't bad, it was just one of those curious students who wanted to know why we would hide in the shadows. This girl and boy came up and started asking questions. The girl was four foot nine with red hair that had a little brown in it (it might have been auburn), she had emerald green eyes, she had light skin (not pale but not tan), and she had a few freckles across her face. The guy was a five foot four Latino with curly brown hair, brown eyes (they look like hazel to me but Grover thought they were a mud brown so someone is either wrong or we are going color blind), and then he had a few grease marks here and there. After they started talking to us, we found out their names. The girl was Rachel Elizabeth Dare, daughter of the head of Dare Corporations and heir to the Dare Corporation (even though she despises what her father does), while the boy was called Leo Valdez. My mom would be all over the boy the minute she saw him. I had a feeling the moment my mom heard the boy's story, he would be my new adoptive brother (he's in foster care for those of you who didn't get it). They talked most of the time while Grover would reply while I would nod my head and hope that I didn't get into a fight if they said something bad. It was while we (read Grover) was talking to them, that I felt this weird feeling. I felt like I was being watched but it had a calming effect. Note that this only happened when I met my half-brother Triton (who was only born because my dad had a drunken one night stand when he was sixteen). Triton might have been a brat when I met the kid (he's only a couple years older than me... two I think... I met him when I was at the cemetery visiting dad on his birthday) but he learned to love me and protect me. Hell every time he found out that I got kicked out of school for protecting myself, he would go in and try to defend me. So anyways, I got the feeling again and looked around. I saw no one that stood out to me and