A/N This fic started life as a one shot I posted last Halloween, the original story has been re-edited and expanded as I wanted to do a little more with these characters, and with Evander and Hermione in particular. Fan casts: Evander Avery (Avery Jr) - Colin Morgan / Thorfinn Rowle - Alexander Skarsgard / Rabastan Lestrange - Colin O'Donoghue / Ade Selwyn - Donald Glover. Special hugs to the unbelievably talented Heeley, who gave such lovely feedback when this was first posted as a one shot, which started the idea of this expansion. Hermione's head tilted back as she stared up at the imposing grey prism that dominated the bleak skyline. The raging wind lashed against her thin robes, the unending gusts finding their way through the fabric to nip at her skin. She felt nothing. She was numb, physically, mentally and emotionally. She was existing now, alive but no longer present. Hermione felt like she was in suspended animation, held in a blank state while she waited for the reality of the last few months to hit. Sometimes she wondered if it ever would. Sometimes she wondered if that would be the moment that finally broke her. Pulled from her quiet observations of the desolate landscape by an aggressive tug on her arm, Hermione immediately moved in compliance with the guards shepherding, without question or hesitation. There was no delaying the inevitable. Over the last few months, no one would have recognised this Hermione Granger. She had seen it on their faces, the surprise that she did not fight back, she had no angry words of protest, there was simply no fight left in her. Compliance did not help the treatment she received, but in any case, there was no sense in dawdling, there was no procrastination time left for her. Hermione hadn't been sure what to expect from the inside of the prison walls, but somehow what she found was worse than she had envisioned. The muted greyness that had swamped her vision on the outside of the rock was magnified here. It was darker than she could ever have imagined, and colder, so much colder, she had barely made it over the threshold before she could swear she sensed the ingrained damp from the floors running unhindered up her legs. The sober man at her side directed her, roughly, to a desk just inside the entry, manned by a woman with a mean looking face and flaxen hair that was pulled into a severe looking high ponytail. She regarded Hermione with a slight quirk of her lips that didn't meet her hard eyes. The guard gave her name to the witch, unnecessarily, everyone knew who she was. Hermione realised that this man hadn't been one of the ones that had guarded her before, she hadn't looked up to see his face, the realisation coming from his uttering of the first words he had spoken since collecting her. He had spat her name, the syllables dripping with accusation and scorn, and the mean looking witch smiled wider. Hermione was ushered behind a curtain to her right, thin grey fabric stretched over a concertina wire frame reminding her of visits to the Muggle doctor when she was little. She was commanded to strip in harsh tones and Hermione, having experienced processing before now, didn't so much as blink in protest as the woman made no move to leave; she hadn't expected her to. Her belongings were taken from her, what little things she had left, nothing of particular consequence. She wondered as she moved what had happened to her things, had they all been destroyed? Under the watchful eyes of the woman, Hermione sacrificed one unflattering set of robes, for another, thinner set, and then moved back from around the curtain ready, or not, for what was to come next. As the little lift chugged up the dingy shaft, Hermione focused on the sounds it made, the clanging of rusty metal against stone, the chaffing sound of the guards too-tight uniform as he stretched forward to begin writing up his report. She should be scared she thought blankly, Hermione Granger, a member of the Golden Trio and Hogwarts prefect, would have been afraid. But she wasn't, whoever she was now. Not because the situation wasn't dire, it very much was, not because she had any hope of making it out of there alive, she didn't, but still, she felt nothing. What was there left to fear anymore? When the lift came to a shuddering halt, Hermione placed a hand on the wall of the metal box to stop herself from toppling forward. She had never quite gained back the weight she had lost during that last year of the war, and she still struggled with her balance. Given her present circumstances, it didn't seem like she would ever look like herself again now. Why should the outside revert to her time of innocence? The inside certainly had not. As she once again got lost inside herself, the guard became impatient and gripped her upper arm, tight enough to bruise. Hermione didn't say anything; no reaction even crossed her features, she just followed alongside him trying to avoid the dampest patches of the floor, so as not to soak her standard issue canvas shoes. No laces… that was... interesting. Hermione kept her eyes forward as much as possible on the walk down the narrow corridor, though she detected flickers of movement in her peripheral vision on either side, from the inhabited cells. She could probably have named everyone in this wing on sight. She would certainly be recognised, or maybe she wouldn't be, she didn't recognise the person in the mirror anymore. When they reached the very end of the dank line, the guard muttered something under his breath, waving his wand around the bars, and they moved open slowly. He jostled her forward, and before she could move entirely away, he caught her wrist in a cruel grip, his fingers tightening to the point where he could have crushed the bone. "I'm going to make your life miserable Granger," he spat lowly before producing a metallic looking bangle from the inside of his jacket and forcing it onto her hand. As it fastened around her wrist, Hermione felt a stabbing sensation move straight from her arm, up into her core ripping a gasp from her throat. She instantly stilled, trying to suppress the clawing pain, panting to get her breath back. The guard appeared angered by her lack of response and let go of her, not bothering to hide his complete revulsion before pushing her roughly away from him by her shoulder and slamming the bars shut. Hermione quietly stepped over to the grey mattress that was lying in a darkened corner, and sat neatly, with her legs folded around herself. She shut her eyes until the humming from her centre adjusted then she let her head fall back against the war behind her and wished tears would fall. ' The cold… Don't make me go back there'. The words she had heard Sirius call out in his sleep, so many years before, came back to Hermione that first night. At least she assumed it was night. There was only a small opening in the outer wall of the cell, no more than a couple of missing bricks, allowing her to see the sky, but the visage was so muted it was hard to tell what time it was. Hermione had been walking back up to her room while staying at Grimmauld Place, over Christmas in their fifth year, and she had heard mumbling in the study. Hesitantly creeping forward she had spotted him, the last of his noble house, Sirius Black, sprawled inelegantly on a time ravaged sofa, it's once opulent fabric as tattered as the rest of the decaying house, more like a crypt than a habitable dwelling. Hermione had moved to stand next to him as his face contorted in pained expression after pained expression, as he unknowingly whimpered out his fears of being sent back to the place that had robbed him of himself. Up until that moment, Hermione had wondered why Sirius had never made improvements to his childhood home, why he hadn't at least attempted to turn the place into something that would resemble a haven, she thought she understood now. The dementors had tortured Sirius, hovering over him for twelve long years, they had stolen away his reason, his happiness, and his youth. They had played on his feelings of guilt for events that were out of his control. Hermione had swept his damp hair off his forehead as he had murmured apologies to James, Lily, and shared a whole host of other burdens into the night. But Sirius, despite his imagined crimes, had been innocent. They weren't here anymore. There were no more harbingers of pain lurking around the prism, hovering like vultures above a desert carcas. Hermione supposed she should feel grateful for their absence, but she could not. The cloaked figures would have made it quicker. The bars to her cell opening made Hermione sit up; she wasn't sure of the last time she had moved, it could have been hours or even days, her perception of everything, including time, seemed to blur here. She had been tracking the progression of a small bug along the ceiling for a time, but she couldn't perceive how long ago that was now. "Get up Granger," the guard barked, and Hermione stepped to her feet and moved to the opening. Once she was within his grasp, a white metal collar was fastened around her neck, tightened to the point of biting into her skin and made puffing in air difficult; Hermione said nothing. As she turned her head, a long pole was attached to the back of the choker-like restraint; it was then used as a handle of sorts to force her down the corridor. She had seen something similar used on dogs, or dangerous animals, she supposed that was what she was now. Hermione idly wondered where they were heading for a moment, but then she recalled a conversation with Kingsley. She had sat before him in thin robes and dogged by the uncomfortable feeling that she was getting his room dirty just by being there. 'Changes to Azkaban' he had said, what he had gone on to explain was meaningless rhetoric, but there were some specifics, notably, showers and exercise. The memory made Hermione stiffen momentarily, but it was brief enough that the guard didn't notice the minor pause. She tried to remember Kingsley's words, but they weren't clear, not like his face, an ever moving transition between contempt and pity, eyes that judged, an image that had been clear even days later, even when it became one of the many faces that viewed her in the same way. Even after Hermione had seen so many people come down to gawk at her while she was still in the Ministry holding cells. His face remained. She could still remember how the now Minister for Magic gripped her, the night of the pretend Potters, as he secured her to the Thestral as they battled the forces of the dark high in the sky. She wondered if he regretted his sure grip now. "Are you excited Granger?" The guard whispered into her ear, and Hermione dropped her face to the dirty floor, instinctively concentrating on her now tatty shoes. She had tried to keep them clean, a project she had given herself, but in that, like in all others that had gone before, she had failed. "Today you get to meet your new friends , they have all been dying to meet you," the guard continued, his voice was low and enthused with malicious glee. Hermione didn't raise her face, and he jerked forward to grip her hair tightly, so tight that her eyes watered involuntarily. "Always did think you were