A/N A one-shot for you, this is a pairing I have had on my list since I started writing fanfiction. I have a longer story that I have had outlined for a while, but it never seems to sit right, so I wanted to have a go at writing a shorter tale. This one began life as an entry for The Mixtape and sort of took on a life of its own (which is why that fic never gets updated as the last three I have tried have ended up as their own stories). Big love to Kreeblim Sabs who swept in and held my hand during this process. My work is infinitely better for your feedback. It's like you're screaming, and no one can hear You almost feel ashamed That someone could be that important That without them, you feel like nothing No one will ever understand how much it hurts You feel hopeless; like nothing can save you And when it's over, and it's gone You almost wish that you could have all that bad stuff back So that you could have the good Rihanna ft. Calvin Harris - We Found Love [2011] Hermione laid on her side, one shoulder pressed against the hard ground with her bruised knees drawn up against her chest. She kept as still as possible as she tried to fully regain consciousness. She attempted to stretch an arm out in front of her, testing her mobility, as she did so the sun moved above the vibrant leaf canopy of the forest, and the sudden harsh light attacked her already sensitive eyes. Hermione immediately averted her fuzzy gaze, focusing instead on the trampled earth. With her ear almost fully pressed to the ground Hermione could hear everything for metres around her, she would be able to pick up sounds from a much broader radius when her breathing slowed, her laboured pants were currently dulling her perception. Tiny footfalls stepped cautiously into a barren patch of soil a few feet away. Hermione almost felt her ears move towards the noise, as they would have done in her other form. The separation of her two halves was never complete just because the last bone had cracked back into place; her mind took longer to adjust. Another persistent tap on the ground alerted Hermione to a procession of insects that were walking in an ordered formation slightly further away. She almost managed a smile. The wildlife was returning to the clearing now that her inner predator had fallen silent. Hermione envied them their reprieve. She looked down at her pale skin, more toned now than it has been before, a side effect of all of the running, a positive she supposed. Hermione risked stretching her arm again, flexing her worn muscles and watched as the shadows from the trees above danced shapes across her fingers. For once her flesh was largely unblemished. Or rather, there were no notable additions to her existing patchwork of imperfections. She had been more sedate under the gaze of the moon of late. There was something soothing about staring at her skin following a change; it allowed her a pause to catch her breath, it let her mind to catch up. Running her hands over the newly emerged flesh was a ritual of sorts, something she did remind herself that she was a woman again, at least in appearances. Hermione used to crave nothing other than to be human, wholly human . It would be the last prayer on her lips as she fell to her knees, as her bones began to twist and reform, the first beg ripped from her throat as she woke up, vulnerable and sore. Not anymore. Now she craved the wolf. She had become restless for the ascent of the moon, almost frantically tracking its progress in the sky, night after night. It's glow meant freedom and Hermione was desperate for the change it brought, the shift in focus, the alteration of mindset, the tunnel vision that her monthly form took. The wolf lived solely in the present; there were no worries for the future, no concern for the past. Her humanity, what was left of it, meant caring, it meant having to remember. So many things had gone wrong the night that Hermione and her friends ended up in the Shrieking Shack. When she had eventually navigated the unforeseen complications that followed, Hermione began to look back to that evening often, blaming herself for how it had all started. She should have known better; she should have allowed herself a moment to think before she acted on impulse. 'Fools rush in,' she had repeated to herself in chastisement, but it didn't do her any good. He had been the one to convince her that it hadn't been her fault, he was the only one who had noticed that she still carried the burden. His words were not comforting, they never were, he was too matter of fact for such niceties, but the rationale for his conclusion was absolving, and with it came peace. Hermione finally accepted that it was inevitable, fated, beyond her control. -/-/-/- " You were a child," he said, as he moved her hair from around her face to lick along the line of her jaw. When she dropped her head back, he grunted, pressing his teeth against her neck. He didn't use enough pressure to break the skin, just enough to reinforce the finality of his argument. " But if you had never-" " I would have found you," he interrupted, "I will always find you." -/-/-/- Hermione remembered dragging Harry behind a tree as Remus' wolf chased Sirius around the Forbidden Forest. She had held her hand over her face and willed her breathing to calm, anxious that her rapid gasping would give away their location. When she risked a glance in the direction of the Whomping Willow, she saw the wolf again, and it was getting far too close to the other Harry. Entirely forgetting their intention to hide, Hermione stepped forward, away from the shelter of the tree, her mind racing. In a moment of pure daring, a moment that she didn't think through, a moment that would begin a chain of events that would alter her life forever, Hermione called a desperate howl into the night, the closest emulation her human vocal chords could make. She backed up in shock afterwards, stunned by her actions. Though she didn't have time to ruminate on what might be to come, seconds after she heard the unmistakable sound of frantic feet, or paws in this case. An animal moved into the clearing, just beyond the tree they were using as a temporary refuge, and Hermione came face to face with a wolf. Only, it wasn't Remus. When Remus had transformed, Hermione had noted how the canine that had emerged looked surprisingly like the Defence Against the Dark Arts Professor. The wolf's fur had been the same sandy brown as his hair, and its coat was shabby in places. His eyes, though now a startling amber, seemed tired, even sad. This wolf, the one in front of her, was completely different. It looked healthier, at least to her estimations, her knowledge of such things was limited and largely hashed together from what little she had gained from Professor Snape's pointed lectures, and an extrapolation of what she knew about dogs, which wasn't much. This wolf's fur was longer, and darker, slate grey with what looked like lighter patches running along the length of its spine. Its eyes were bright and alert though they betrayed no emotion. This wolf was beautiful. Undoubtedly savage and unquestionably wild, but captivating in a way that Hermione didn't quite understand. Harry ran, his feet responding to the danger in an instant, and he screamed at her to follow, but Hermione was rooted still. The wolf moved forward once her friend had gone, and she watched it's prowling form, transfixed by the rhythmic rotation of its shoulders despite her growing sense of unease. When it was only a few paces away, it suddenly stopped. It's angular face snapping up and tilting to the side as a gust of wind blew through the clearing, whipping Hermione's hair around her face. A new stillness crept over them, girl and beast, Hermione had the sense that something was going to happen, something she hadn't prepared for, but whatever it was, it wasn't to be. At that moment Remus caught up to where they were hiding, and his ungainly wolf came bounding into the opening, almost falling over his own legs in his haste to get to her. The other, unknown wolf, lunged in Remus' direction and Hermione ran like hell, suddenly free from whatever madness had been holding her in place. When she reached Harry the-boy-who-had-so-far-lived was beside himself, having been frantically running around the woods in search of her. Once Hermione had managed to convince him she was alright they stormed off into the night, jittery that they still had so much to achieve, and Hermione forgot about the wolf. For a while at least. Hermione's stomach rumbled deeply, and she pulled her legs up harder against her chest as if that would help . She didn't want to get up yet. She had a full month of reality to wade through, and that would start as soon as she was upright. She was wallowing, and she knew it, she simply couldn't help herself. Hermione untangled her other arm from under her head and glanced down at her wrist, her eyes sweeping over the long healed silver markings that wrapped around it. If you looked closely, in the right light, you could still make out the individual teeth marks. In a strange way, it resembled a charm bracelet, the separate puncture wounds, long ago inflicted, had healed to form uneven little scars, all looped together on a thin silver line, left behind by the ancient magic of the venom. It was a reminder and an eternal one at that. The unknown wolf had not forgotten about her. Sleep was hard to come by for Hermione that summer, following their third year. Young as she and her friends were, they had faced so much before and yet, somehow, the end of that term had felt different. Harry's relief in finding Sirius had been snatched away when reality set in; his Godfather had to go back into hiding. The mutual heartbreak of the reconnected family had been weighing on Hermione heavily. There were many nights when she went without the comfort of her bed altogether, instead choosing to wrap herself in a blanket and sit by her bedroom window, overlooking the neat and orderly back garden. There was something else that disturbed her during those weeks, an agitation, a sense that something in the back of her mind was gnawing at her. Hermione didn't know what it was, so she put it down to the emotional unrest she was feeling on behalf of her friend. -/-/-/- " Was it a warning?" she asked, as she cuddled against his side, tracing her hands across his hard features illuminated by the light of the stars. He growled lowly at her, a soft sound, she knew by now he was far from angry, it was an enquiring noise. "Before you came, what I coul d sense… t he unsettle d feeling," she expanded. He rolled onto his back, dragging her with him and snaking his arms around her tighter. "No," he said as he pulled her up his body till her head rested under his chin. "I was calling you." " Calling me?" " Tit for tat you could say," he replied cryptically, and she meant to press him but he growled again, and this time the sound was different, this time she suspected that he'd had enough of talking. -/-/-/- One night, when Hermione was once again trapped somewhere between awake and asleep, she