A/N after asking for some prompts for The Mixtape this amazing song by Dougie MacLean was brought to my attention by Kreeblim Sabs, and I came to adore it. So, another fic that was supposed to be a one-shot that just became something bigger as I began outlining. Here we go again, hope you enjoy. The lightning strikes and the wind cuts cold Through the sailor's bones, to the sailor's soul Till there's nothing left that he can hold Except the rolling ocean And I am ready for the storm Yes, sir, ready I am ready for the storm I'm ready for the storm Dougie MacLean - Ready for the Storm [1983] Regulus Arcturus Black sat upright, his back ramrod straight, his shoulders squared, as he perched on the end of his carefully made bed. His steely grey gaze was fixed dead ahead, at the blank wall in front of him, his fingers pressed into the hard edge of the mattress, furiously gripping the side. He closed his eyes. He closed out the deliberately bland room around him. He closed his mind to all of the lingering doubt. Instead, Regulus focussed solely on his breathing. Not the fear he felt, not the creeping tingle that was crawling up his spine. He needed to centre himself before he took the final step. He flippantly thought that arriving in an agitated state would be suicide, but that wasn't really his concern. Death wasn't what he was running from; he just had to ensure he lived long enough to finish what he had to first. Death was the only certainty he had left. Regulus had told himself that he at least had some control over the when , but he wasn't sure he fully believed it. He had known too many people, from both sides of the war that had fallen to the ground over the last year, some of them no older than him. In truth, he had been hoping for a different path to present itself for some time. Regulus had found himself, standing within the circle of those marked out as his equals, expecting to feel some sense of achievement, maybe even relief, it was all supposed to be over now , everything he had endured had been to get to this point and yet it was a hollow victory. He could almost hear his brother laughing at him. His conscious told him that Sirius wouldn't have done that, wouldn't have wanted to lord his triumph over him. Regulus thought that the tiny voice hadn't been paying attention. He waved his hand over the pocket-sized frame that was next to him on the bed, ready to be placed inside his pack. The minute image of his austere parents melted away, leaving two young boys looking up at him, well, one looking at him, the other craning his neck to get a better look at the taller boy next to him in the frame. Both the boy's hair was so dark it gleamed from the light of the camera flash, but apart from that one similarity, they were worlds apart. The taller boy stood with a relaxed grace, looking as if he had just got out of bed, the other was regimentally put together though he appeared to be trying to replicate the smirk of the older boy, with limited success. Regulus waved his hand, and the boys disappeared again. He returned his gaze to the plain wall, flexing his hands against his thighs. He had lived his entire life weighing and assessing each new situation he found himself in. He had experienced a tremendous amount of change despite his relatively young age, and he had learnt early on the absolute importance of staying quiet. It was the easiest way to determine what was going on around him, to enable him to make the best decision, to make the best choice, often of a bad lot. Somehow everything had become so muddled. In many ways Regulus supposed he should have been happy, he had been looking for something, some chink in his Lord's armour to present itself. Something that would answer the lingering questions he had, something that would silence the screaming at the back of his mind, the nagging voices that kept telling him to look harder , to uncover. So he had got what he wanted. It would be just his luck that the first time that ever happened was when what was delivered was a path to certain death. He was no coward, despite what Sirius might have thought, but brave or not Regulus couldn't help wishing that the road ahead was less desolate. Not that he was tempted to be swayed from it, no, his resolution was firm. From the very moment Kreacher had landed back in his bedroom, near death and terrified, he felt he no longer had a choice. Regulus tilted his head to the side, listening to the sounds of the house. Kreacher had been marching back and forth in front of his room all day, caught between thrusting his servitude onto him, trying to make himself useful, and attempting to act as if he wasn't hovering. A small smile played at the edges of Regulus' lips. At least he wasn't going alone. The little elf may not have been much to anyone else, but he had shown Regulus true loyalty, more so than any other man or beast had in his entire life. Regulus had waited up the night his Lord had asked to borrow the elf, helping himself to his father's stash of whisky as the hours spun around the clock. With every ticking minute, he had become more agitated, he had known something was wrong from the off, but the sick feeling in his stomach only ratcheted as he continued to find an empty sort of temporary solace in the bottom of his glass. When the pop he had been waiting for had finally sounded, uncommonly loud to his focused ears, Regulus ran, practised grace keeping his hurried movements silent. Kreacher had ingested a truly unbelievable amount of water; it had taken nearly an hour for Regulus to clear his throat and quell his constant apologies long enough for him to get the basics of what had happened from the tired elf. His hands had tightened on Kreacher's shoulders for a moment before he had walked into the garden, wordlessly directing his wand at one of his mother's prized water features, and blowing it to smithereens. Regulus had stood amongst the rubble for a long while, trying to decide what he could do next. There had to be something , to allow what had happened to pass might have just fractured the remains of his already cloudy morality, and then he would be just like the rest of them. Mindlessly following, braying at the other side like wild dogs tethered to their master's feet, straining to be let off the leash. Not for him. Blacks had standards, warped standards, but standards all the same. But then there was the other thing. It wasn't just what had happened. But what it all meant. Regulus flexed his feet, feeling the bite of his newish shoes shaking his head. It was a bit of maudlin folly to be dressed as he was, in his best robes, his hair arranged just so. He doubted he would remain in such pristine condition by the end of the evening, more so he doubted anyone would understand the significance even if he was found. Severus would, he realised, and the thought gave him some small amount of comfort. Regulus had thought about telling his friend, but in the end, he had chased that thought away as well. Severus was enjoying the belonging, it was new for him, and while they may have known each other for an incredibly long time, none of them could be sure of each other's loyalties anymore. His final act of kindness was to tell the older boy nothing, that way there was no chance of repercussions for him later. Somewhere in the distance, he heard a clock begin its hourly chime, and he gathered the last of the items he had strewn on the bed, placing them carefully within the pack. Three weeks it had taken. Three weeks for Regulus to convince himself of what it was he was facing. He had tended to Kreacher carefully, seeing to the ample wounds that littered the small creature's body before he had let him rest. When he had eventually come back around Regulus had delicately propped the elf up against his bed and asked him to tell him again, all that he remembered. He listened attentively, by the second time Kreacher retold the tale he had begun taking notes. The next day he went into his father's library and locked himself inside. Despite the obscurity of the magic Regulus hit upon the answer quickly, in the Black library it was an easier task to start with the worst possible solution and work backwards, and that's when he found out about making a Horcrux. It had all fit, Kreacher's account and bits and pieces of information he had gathered over the last year or so, all of them pointing to their Lord having split his soul. Almost as soon as he had hit open the possible answer, he discounted it immediately. Not through any false belief of his master's humanity , he had seen beyond the handsome visage enough, had knelt at the feet of his ire enough to know he had none, but still, this was… bleak. Two weeks, endless research and a growing sense of dread later Regulus reluctantly went back to the first answer. Forcing himself to write the words in his journal, to acknowledge his grim acceptance. Then it was time to figure out what to do next. Regulus was certain he was the only one who knew, he had looked into the minds of his associates often enough to do so without pause to find out for sure. By that point he had seen enough of their innermost selves not feel guilty about the action, only hesitation, some minds were not pleasant to flip through. Regulus looked over to the prepared pack sitting next to him. As hideous as Kreacher's experience had been it had told him more than everything he needed to know, he had waterproofed everything he would need. He felt a weight settle against his shoulder, one that had been there for what felt like a lifetime. It was up to him now. For all that Sirius and his band of friends might have been 'fighting the good fight', they had no idea what they were up against, no idea of the futility of their efforts. They couldn't win. Not yet. Not until he had done what he needed to. His means were more subtle than his brothers, being older now, the halls of Hogwarts being a slightly more distant memory, thinking of a comparison between the two of them didn't hurt quite so much. Since Graduation and his indoctrination into the inner walls of power Regulus no longer held any surprise in his chest that Sirius had been sent to live under the banners of red and gold. That house was everything that his brother was, heart on his sleeve, laugh in his throat, charge in and think about the consequences later. It was his true home. Regulus closed his eyes for a moment, a precaution against the tears that threatened. He would not cry over this. His fingers tightened against his kneecaps, and he looked back at the plain wall again. He hated his room, all white and crisp lines. He wondered what it would have looked like if Sirius had stayed at home if he hadn't had to be so perfect . He had held all traces of his personality inside himself for so long he had no idea what it would even look like