There was nothing in the world That I ever wanted more Than to never feel the breaking apart All my pictures of you Pictures of You - The Cure [1989] Hermione cut through the crowd of milling students and their parents, edging forward to board the Hogwarts Express. Begrudgingly she allowed Kingsley to levitate her trunk on behind her, she would normally have been more resistant to any act of gallantry, but she was too eager to escape the chaos of the platform. Chaos that had begun that morning as Molly Weasley attempted to boss around her brood, and anyone else that happened to cross her path, making the near fatal mistake of remaining motionless for two consecutive minutes. This year the disarray was exacerbated by the Order insisting on an Auror escort to Kings Cross, and Sirius stomping around his family home, pouting like a child that had been denied pudding until he was allowed to come along as well. The car ride over had been long, and despite the magically enlarged interior, overcrowded. Ginny was snappy, having woken earlier than she wanted, and Moody was on edge, barking at anyone and everyone with a vigour that was unusual even with his paranoid tendencies. Hermione had held herself as still as possible, avoiding eye contact with everyone. She noticed the Twins talking in hushed tones, their obvious scheming would usually have terrified her, but she was too focused on getting through the morning without having a breakdown to care about pranks. It wasn't that Hermione didn't like the Weasley's, far from it, she loved them . With her parents not able to take part in much of the magical world she now belonged to, they were her surrogate family. But Hermione was an only child, used to a quiet home and gentle conversation. The fiery family's display of camaraderie and affection could sometimes feel a little stifling. After thanking Kingsley for his assistance, through gritted teeth hidden by a sweet smile, Hermione moved into an available carriage, breathing a sigh of relief that was woefully cut short when Harry and Ron crashed in behind her. Dropping into a seat she glanced out of the rain splattered window, resting her head against the cold glass, staring at the blurred movement on the platform. Their ragtag group had barely made it to the station on time what with all of the additional bodies, and the train was already beginning to stir into life. This was her favourite part of the journey; that feeling when the train started to move, watching the steam billowing up around the platform, the flurry of ubiquitous white clouds marking the end of the goodbyes and the beginning of the next year's adventures. It was melancholy and elation all at once, and it had always made her heart thump in her chest, the beats almost aligning with the shuddering turning of the wheels as they picked up motion. But, this year Hermione didn't feel the same nervous excitement fuelled by steam, she didn't have the same whirring in her mind as she mentally ran through the required book lists, and additional summer reading, excitedly attempting to predict what they would learn this term. In its place, she had a sinking feeling in the pit of her stomach. Everything was different now. Voldemort had returned. Harry had once again faced mortal peril only to be packed off to the unfeeling, detached Dursley's for the summer, forced to act like nothing had even happened. The memories had kept her awake that summer, Harry crouched over the cold, unmoving form of Cedric Diggory, the hush of the crowd as loud as the most vicious spellfire. Many nights she awoke, legs tangled in damp sheets panting for breath, and she had only witnessed a mere fraction of the horrors that her friend had faced. Then they had been prevented from writing to him; her protests had fallen on deaf ears with the headmaster. Hermione always wanted to believe that adults, professors, knew best but as Dumbledore's eyes had sparkled over his half-moon glasses while he muttered about the greater good she was no longer sure. His summer of isolation had left Harry perpetually oscillating between silent seething and white hot rage. Hermione didn't blame him for his pendulous mood changes, in fact, sometimes she wondered how it had taken so long for him to become angry. Unfortunately, her empathy didn't make him any easier to be around, with his biting comments and scathing looks, Hermione felt uneasy in her friend's presence for the first time since they met. She turned away from the window to peek over at the boys; they were chatting happily with Neville, who must have joined their carriage in the last few minutes. She vaguely heard Neville start talking about Quidditch, a reference to the Canon's, and she instinctively turned to Ron groaning internally. He was gesticulating wildly with his arms, and Harry's shoulders shook in silent laughter. Ron was always able to blunt the edge of Harry's temper, and for that she was grateful, his method was distraction, an art that Hermione had never mastered. She leant her head back against the faded seat cushion and observed her red haired friend from the edge of her vision, so as not to arouse his suspicion. Her feelings towards Ron, she could acknowledge, if only to herself, were confused. Much as she may have wished to, she didn't seem able to move beyond the events of the previous year, his jealousy over Harry being named a Triwizard Champion and then his behaviour at the Yule Ball. Hermione had always felt there was something there with Ron and, despite her insecurities, had believed he returned some kind of warm feeling, something that extended past a friendship born of keeping their mutual friend alive. One of those 'our time will come things', but then there had been a ball, and he hadn't asked her. Hermione had tried to reason that maybe one day, when there wasn't a homicidal maniac trying to change their lives entirely, perhaps then? That argument failed to buoy her spirits when she considered the young people around her. The looming war wasn't stopping anyone else from dating, even Harry, pressurised as he was, still managed to pencil in an alarming amount of time to pine for Cho Chang. It made her feel disconnected from those around her; it wasn't for the first time. When Hermione had returned home at the end of the year, her parents' had immediately known something was wrong. After being gently prodded by her father, and not so gently harassed by her mother, Hermione broke. Over three cups of tea and half a pack of the 'emergency' biscuits her mum kept, just in case Nanny Granger came over, she explained all about her tangled feelings towards Ron. The conversation had felt a little silly at first. Hermione chastised herself for caring about such things when the world around them was crumbling, but as her awkwardness in talking to her mother, to anyone, about something she had never voiced subsided, she allowed herself to be a teenager girl and nothing more. Just this once. In the comfort of her childhood home, blanketed by love. Hermione knew she couldn't disclose anything about Voldemort, much as she sometimes wanted to. She tried to tell herself it was because her parents wouldn't understand but that wasn't entirely accurate. Whatever else David and Jean Granger were, they were intelligent and practical people, who had taken the news that their only child was magical, if not in their stride, with a minimal amount of fuss. The real reason, her heart whispered to her, was that she couldn't stand the thought of revealing that she had lied to them, lies by omission maybe, but she had been heavily editing her version of school life since the very first year. Hermione didn't want to tell them that the world she had felt so relieved to find, hadn't accepted her readily, and some factions of it wanted her dead for no other reason other than her existence. So she focused on what she could say, and Jean had patiently listened as Hermione explained about Viktor noticing her and Ron's cruel words. "My mother always told me that boys pull the hair of the girls they like," Jean said. Hermione forced her face to smile at the unhelpful cliché, and her mother laughed knowingly at her daughter's unimpressed face. "Yes, I always felt that the explanation fell rather short when it came to adolescence. But that is where you are like me Hermione, a bit of an old soul. You can't expect these boys to understand you; they haven't quite matured enough yet." "Is that why you fell in love with Dad?" Hermione asked, with a wry smile. Jean had been married at the relatively young age of twenty-three, by Muggle standards at least, to David Granger, a man ten years her senior. "Yes, amongst other reasons," her mother responded still laughing, though her eyes were downcast. "You would do well to forget about Ron for this year, focus on your exams and... maybe you could spend a bit more time with your girlfriends." Ignoring Hermione's snort, she continued, "You may not believe me, but having female friends at this time in your life can be a great comfort. I know you don't care for the girls in your dorm, but there is more than one kind of friendship. Not all girls sit around talking about boys all day, although there will be a time when you will enjoy a bit of that yourself," Jean winked in a conspiratorial fashion and finally drew a laugh from Hermione. A small one. "Girls," her mother pressed, in a slightly more serious tone, moving to wrap an arm around her daughter's shoulders. "Girls, mature emotionally before boys at your age, and by devoting time to other friendships might," she paused looking directly into Hermione's eyes, "it might make you feel less lonely." "But Mum, I not-" "Especially," Jean interrupted loudly, "If you have one of your yearly fall outs with Harry and Ron, leading to them freezing you out for weeks on end." Hermione hated to agree with her mother, but the logical side of her brain knew that Jean was right. The only girl she knew anywhere near well was Ginny. The adolescent that was once 'little Ginevra Weasley' had matured dramatically over the last year, moving past her childish crush on The-Boy-Who-Lived and transforming from a shy, skittish girl, who would blush at the sight of Harry's shadow, to a smiling young woman, with a brash sense of humour and an air of unstoppable self-confidence. Where Hermione had remained relatively small in stature, Ginny had shot up, her body maturing along with her personality. Hermione wasn't jealous, as such, she still ranked a great number of things as more important than appearance, but she couldn't help feeling that she didn't come out favourably in the comparison. She was also readily aware that she had nothing of the sense of self that Ginny displayed. Sure she was verbal, and never afraid to raise her hand in class, or shout the odds at someone, but where Ginny's tenacity came off as her having spirit, Hermione's was interpreted as being condescending. She didn't yet know how to channel herself in social situations and still felt uncomfortable around people she didn't know well. So, despite her immediate, and lengthy reservations, Hermione had promised to follow her mother's advice and at least attempt to spend more time in female company. As that was unlikely to include her dorm mates, Lavender and Parvati, that meant Ginny and maybe even, dare she even think it, attempting to make more friends . Hermione swallowed, well, if that didn't go to plan she would at least owl her parent's more frequently this year. Hermione was so lost in her thoughts she barely