Hotel Ceiling Warning: This story discusses ideas such as suicide, depression, sexual abuse, drugs, alcohol, and cutting. While there is never much detail given, these topics are in here. A girl commits suicide and her friend has to deal with it. If you are not comfortable with these topics then don't read this until you're ready. It's all very real. But if you can, please read this. I don't know what else to say but please. Disclaimer: I do not own. He was staring at the hotel ceiling. It was funny how the harder he stared at the rigid ceiling the more he started seeing pictures. He was almost positive that he was seeing a horse and an owl fighting each other. He was pretty damn sure that he was going crazy and was beginning to hallucinate. It could be a result of the alcohol he had just downed or a result of his lack of sleep for the past few days. He lay flopped on his back, staring at the ceiling in the same position he had been since he had nearly emptied half of the bar that was in the corner of the hotel suite. His brain was getting sort of fuzzy from it all. But there was one thought in his mind that was constantly lingering in the back of his mind. She wasn't ever going to call him again. His phone lay a few feet away on the floor. If there was a reward for the most indestructible phone on the planet then his phone deserved it. It had suffered blows that would have normally shattered any other phone. When he had seen the news he had thrown it across the room so hard that it left a dent in wall. It didn't matter, his manager would pay for it. A dent didn't seem that bad when compared to what he was going through. He had been waiting for her to text him when he had seen the news. He wasn't expecting her to text a really long message to him like she was known to do since they had just broken up only three days ago, but he had been waiting for her to text him something. Anything. Just one word. Even if it was a derogatory word that she only used when she was incredibly pissed at someone. He was sure that she would text him sometime. But as the minutes and the hours dragged on nothing came. And he began to panic. He didn't want to break up with her. He really didn't. But it was for her own good. Wasn't it? He didn't want her to be dragged into all of this craziness with his world. He wanted her to be safe. And yet at the same time he wasn't sure he was ready. Sure he loved her, he was positive that he did, but he was afraid. It was so… strange. Hell she was still a highschool student; he was two years older than her. She wanted to become an architect whereas he was on his way to stardom. He was currently scheduled to play the lead in an upcoming summer blockbuster. So he had broken up with her. They had been childhood sweethearts according to some of their friends and he hated to hurt her. But something was wrong and he wasn't sure that he wanted to handle it all. He already had a lot of pressure on his plate and he wanted to have it easy. He could see in her dark grey eyes that something was wrong but he didn't ask. He was too busy with his own life. Just like he had always been too busy. He had nearly died inside when she looked at him calmly and asked him why he thought that they should break up. As he spoke the three reasons he had come up with he realized just how stupid he sounded. And he also realized that he wished that she would scream at him or curse him or hit him, do anything but just stand there and stare at him like she had been doing. Then she calmly turned on her heels and walked out the door and out of his life. How was he supposed to know that it would be the last time he saw her. Ever. He flipped on the TV to see if they had any more information about her and what had happened. What had caused her to do what she had done. The annoying newslady with the fake black hair sat in front of the camera, smiling at whomever was watching her at the moment. Her smile was as fake as her hair. How could she smile when someone had just died? How could she pretend to be happy? They didn't get it. They didn't understand. "And for our breaking news, a seventeen year old girl swerved off the road at Castor's Bridge and slammed off of the bridge into the creek. The police found the car at twelve fifty two this afternoon in flames. After putting out the flames they discovered that the high-school student had been ejected almost a hundred feet from the car. Her skull was cracked and her spinal cord collapsed. The police report that she was dead before they even arrived, killed on impact. She was not wearing her seatbelt. However investigators are beginning to suspect that there is more to this seemingly tragic incident as they continue to investigate the girl's home. The name of the girl has yet to be released but will be so as soon as possible." Percy Jackson shut off the TV with a click of a button and buried his face in his hands. Even though the name hadn't been given, he knew that it was Annabeth. He knew her car and as he stared at the pictures his blood seemed to freeze in his body. He had quickly texted Jason Grace, one of his friends from highschool who was three years younger than him. He asked if Annabeth was at school, praying that he was mistaken and that wasn't her car laying in the ditch and that it wasn't her body that was dead. Annabeth hadn't been at school for two days. And Annabeth hadn't been wearing a seatbelt. Two things that she did faithfully. She had never missed a day of school and she always wore her seatbelt. Percy had dropped his phone and sobbed. He hadn't cried since the day that his dad had left his mom and him when he was six and he had been too young to realize that people split up all the time. Percy nearly fell off the bed when he heard him phone ring, playing the annoying song that Annabeth had plugged in, the song from those action movies that she used to drag him to just so that she could criticize them. "Hello?" He asked, his voice shaking as he picked up the phone. Somewhere in his mind he was praying that it was Annabeth on the other side and that this whole thing had been one big mistake and that she was still alive and wanted to talk to him. "Hello Mr. Jackson?" A professional voice said on the other end of the phone. "This is he?" Percy said, his voice hands beginning to shake as he struggled to hold his phone to his ear. "Mr. Jackson my name is Detective Brunner." There was a pause on the one line and Percy heard a deep breath before the detective continued to speak. "Mr. Jackson Annabeth Chase is dead." There it was, the confirmation that he had been waiting for. It was official. The one girl he loved was dead. And there was nothing he could do. Percy wanted to go and curl up in his bed and rock back and forth, crying himself to sleep. Instead he cleared his throat to try and keep back the sob that was ready to come out. "Mr. Jackson we were wondering if you could come to the police station. There is something we need to show you." "I… I'll be right there," he said quietly. o.O.o " Why do you like this place so much?" Percy asked as he swung Annabeth's hand in his as they walked down the deserted street, their boots stirring up the leaves that were falling around them. Percy grinned at her as he reached out to brush away a leaf from Annabeth's white, knitted hat. " Because it's quiet," she said as she let go of Percy's hand and swung herself up onto one of the small pillars of stone that was slowly crumpling down. " Exactly, how can you stand it?" Percy asked as he put one hand on either side of her and placed his chin on her shoulder, his warm breath tickling her skin. She smiled at him. " Because I can think. Sometimes everything is too loud. When it's loud everyone tries to tell you different things, how we should act, who we should be, what to wear. When it's quiet you can think and you can be yourself. When it's quiet we understand things that we don't understand when it's loud. The world is so big at times that I can only try and make it a bit smaller for me. Sometimes it's so big that it scares me. Just think about it, there are seven other people in the world that look somewhat like you… and you'll probably never meet them because there are so many people. And it's loud. Everyone likes to tell everyone else what to do. I want to be able to tell myself what to do." " Sometimes I think you're way too smart for me Wise Girl," Percy said as he reached one hand up to stroke her blond hair she had pulled into a braid down one of her shoulders. " Of course I am," she laughed. "That's why we're such a great team. You're the dumb one, I'm the smart one." " Hey! I resent that!" Percy said. " You can resent it all you want but it's true," Annabeth said turning to look at Percy and sticking out her tongue. Percy took the opportunity to pull her in close and kiss her hard, wrapping his arms around her waist He had been in love with her since she was in eighth grade and he was a sophomore. Some might call it creepy but she was his best friend and he couldn't imagine loving anyone else. " I love you," he breathed out when they pulled apart. Annabeth brushed a strand of hair away from his eyes. "Love you too Seaweed Brain," she said softly. o.O.o Percy walked into the police station, his hands tucked into the pockets of his coat, his head down, his walk slow and solemn. "Mr. Jackson?" Percy looked up to see a woman walking towards him, a sad smile on her face. "I'm Detective Brunner's assistant Juniper Greene, I'm sorry about your loss," she said softly, reaching out a hand for Percy to shake. He shook it, studying her face. Was she really sorry for his loss? He nearly laughed. No one knew what he was going through. No one. How could they know what it felt like to have your best friend killed in a car crash unless it had actually happened? It was quite simple, you couldn't. You couldn't know the pain unless you had felt it. "If you'll follow me, I'll take you to Detective Brunner, he has something that you need to see." The woman nervously fiddled with her hands and looked down at them. "Does he have any idea what happened?" Percy asked as he followed Juniper Greene down the dimly lit hallway. A few police officers glanced at him as if they recognized him. Percy lowered his head. Juniper opened the door for Percy to a small room