BEFORE YOU READ I WANT TO LET YOU KNOW THAT THIS IS NOT FINE TOOTH COMB EDITED! WHILE IT IS EDITED FOR BASIC GRAMMAR ISSUES AND FLOW I DID NOT GO OVER WITH A FINE TOOTH COMB WHILE WRITING. I DIDN'T HAVE THE TIME OR A BETA SO JUST LETTING YOU ALL KNOW THAT YES THERE ARE SOME GOOFS, AND YES THERE ARE SOME AWKWARD SENTENCES. BUT I'VE TRIED TO CATCH AS MANY AS I CAN! ALSO BE PREPARED FOR CLICHES AND SAPPINESS. THANK YOU SO MUCH AND ENJOY THE STORY! So I forgot to put in a disclaimer... but really would I be writing here if I was Rick Riordan? So not mine. Chapter One The Letters in the Library I don't know why I'm doing this. I honestly don't. I saw it in a movie (it was a sad movie. Never make a movie about a dying old man and a dying child with cancer together. It makes for a terrible ending) and so I thought. Why not? Why not do something I normally wouldn't do? What's the point in living if you don't do something unexpected? After all, you never know when it will be your last day. After all you never know when you'll be missing the opportunity of a lifetime. My step-mother says that I spend too much time in my books. I read a lot and she says it's unhealthy, imagine that a person actually thinking it's unhealthy to read. But she does. She thinks it's unhealthy for me to dream so much. But I'd rather live in a world where I choose who I want to be. Why be someone boring when you could be a hero, or a side kick or, god forbid, the damsel in distress, or even a villain. (Thought I am a firm believer that not all villains are bad. I mean just look at Snape from Harry Potter. Everyone loves him). I don't know if I'll actually do it. Maybe I'll actually do it. Maybe I'll actually try and create my own fairy tale. Maybe I'll finally see some relief from this storm, I used to be terrified of storms, so much so that I'd hide underneath my sheets and cry until it was over. Now it's so normal in my life that I'm not afraid, just tired. Maybe I won't be tired anymore. Maybe. I seem to use that word a lot. Maybe I'll try and go through with my dreams. It is only high school after all. I won't always have to live with these expectations. There's a whole new door after I walk across the stage and accept that diploma. I can't wait to throw my hat in the air and get out of this prison. That's all school is after all. Most of the people who know me would laugh at me saying that. You would probably laugh to. In fact you're probably laughing right now. So if you find this I guess I was brave enough. And you'll have to bear with me or maybe you'll throw this letter away and not read it. I hope you read it. I hope I'm not wasting all of this pen and ink. So if you're reading this: persevere. Don't let go. If you don't then I promise I won't. Word for the Wise: We all will hit the floor one time or another, our skin bit cold by metal. We'll all be bruised and broken, battered and beaten. But it's when we try to rise again, that is when we find our courage. (This is my quote by the way. But I give you permission to use it. Maybe you'll become famous by it. That would be wonderful). The girl with the long blond curls pulled up in a ponytail stood in front of the large bookshelf, holding the letter so tight in her hand that it was beginning to crumple. She rocked back and forth on the balls of her feet, trying to decide which book. This was part of the fun. Trying to decide which book was the right one. In the end she decided on a book about the Revolutionary War. She felt a bit like she was rebelling against something even though she didn't know what quite yet. She pulled the thick book out and shoved the letter in and turned on her heels before she had the opportunity to swipe it out of the pages and throw it away. No, she would leave the letter in the book and maybe, just maybe someone would find it. But if no one did then there was no harm to it. The girl returned to her table and swung her backpack onto her back and headed out of the library. "Have a good rest of the day dear," the old librarian said to her favorite student. The girl gave her a weak smile and then headed out of the library, leaving the letter in the book and heading to her Ancient Greek class. She sat down at her desk, tapping her pen nervously against her desk. What if she got in trouble? What if someone she didn't want to found it? What if someone found out it was her! But she shrugged those feelings away. There would be no fun in that. The girl with the blond hair made sure her curls were covering her neck. To hide the bruises. So I checked the other day and the letter's gone. I guess that means that you found it. Whoever you are… Funny how this works. So what did you think? Am I just a silly girl (I am a girl, I hope you could tell from my handwriting) or did you think there was some point to it? Well if you're reading this again then I guess you thought it did. Or maybe you just wanted to laugh at me again. So laugh away. Today I had another storm. I got home and my step-mother was angry because I was late. I work at the book store every day after school to try and earn some extra money because my father won't give me a cent. Or more my step-mother won't. My dad's always off in California. That's originally where I'm from but we moved when my mother ran off (another Storm). She hit me, she does that a lot. But the sad thing is. I've grown used to it. But soon I'll be gone and I hope that I can fulfill my dream. I realize that I've talked about this dream that I have a lot but you don't know what that dream is. Well I guess I should tell you. I want to be a writer. Yes, yes go ahead and laugh. But that's what I dream to be. I know it doesn't pay well but I want to show the word my words, show them what's turning around in my head, what ideas are swirling around (there's a lot of them by the way) Maybe I'll write some of my works to you. I usually write near midnight. I'm a night owl. I work better at night. There's something about the stars and the moon that seem to whisper ideas and words into my ears. It speaks to me. I love words. Maybe that's why I'm writing to you. Did you think about my promise? You're not giving up are you? Good. Because I'm not either. Words for the Wise: Night is when the stars come up, when the moon gets its turn to shine and that's when my mind spins, when it dreams. When I gaze at the stars and dream and then I'm taken to another world, a world of dreams and beauty. And I never want to leave. So don't leave. Don't leave your dreams ever. Post Script (that's what PS stands for by the way, I just learned that) I will be putting the next letter in The Boys in Blue: A Civil War Story. Just in case The boy pulled out the book, the exact same one as yesterday and opened it. He couldn't help but smile when he saw the letter that lay nestled between the pages. He pulled it out and then put the book back. The boy with the raven black hair touched the red seal and then dug his nail underneath it. He would never have found this if it hadn't been for his failing grades. So for once he was actually happy he had Dyslexia. He had been here with his tutor and she (she wasn't pretty at all. Not like the girls he usually dated) had sent him to get a book on the Revolutionary War so that they could work on his project for Civics. That was where he found the letter. And he was captivated by it. He had loved the way the words floated off the page. They had made him smile, really smile. Most things earned him a cocky smirk not a real smile. And then the challenge that she had given at the end. Persevere. It made him think. Was there someone else out there who was going through something as hard as he was? The boy with the dark hair shoved the letter into his back pocket, he'd have to read it later, not that many people thought that he could even read. But he would struggle through it and he would read this letter. The boy swaggered out of the library, gave the librarian one of his arrogant smiles and pushed the doors open and headed out into the busy halls of the school which he ruled. Before he continued he made sure to pull down his sleeves. To cover the scars. So then hi again! I hope that your school day is going well and all that junk. I thought that I should write that just for formality's sake. My day's going fine… I guess. Sometimes people make me so mad though. Do you know how I feel? There are times when I just want throw my hands up in the air and be done with it all. Do you know what I mean? It seems like the world's too full. Like there are so many people rushing around, hurrying from place to place. Do they even care? They say that they care about me but do they even have time for me? Do they even notice me? Would then even cry if I was to conveniently "disappear". Oh don't freak out, I'm not done with this world…yet. I still have plans, I have to publish my book, I want to see England and Greece. But do you understand? I mean my step-mother says that she "cares" about me but I sincerely doubt that she would be willing to die for me, I doubt that she loves me. Which brings up a question I've been pondering. What is love? Is it those sappy feelings that are portrayed in those stupid romance movies? (Okay, okay I am guilty of watching them). Is it a passionate make out with your boyfriend… or maybe it's a girlfriend in your case.. Or is it something more. I hope that it's something more. All the other options seem so… artificial. Like how artificial sweetener is not actually sugar. That's a bad analogy I know. But we can't be brilliant all the time can we? How's my challenge coming along? Are you doing fine? I hope that you are. I hope that you remember that you aren't what everyone else thinks that you are. You're yourself… not that I know who that is being that I'm only writing this on a piece of paper and praying that some librarian isn't throwing it away. That would be gods awful. Words for the Wise: The love that moves the moon and the stars, the love that holds me tight during the storms, whispering that it's okay, that they'll fight