Hi! Welcome to A Thousand Years! For those of you who are new to my writing my name is Luna… Luna-Incendia14. I have another story called Heart By Heart which is also a Percabeth story. It's one of the most reviewed stories for Percy Jackson on Fanfic which is saying something I think… as well as the fact that it has only been out there for about four months. If A Thousand Years isn't really your cup of tea I suggest Heart By Heart as it is almost the exact opposite of A Thousand Years. A Thousand Years is a more action, intense, mystery story with romance as well whereas Heart By Heart is more Hurt/Comfort/Romance. So anyway… um let me know if you've read my Heart By Heart story… or if you're a new comer! Because everyone is welcome! One disclaimer for this whole story: I DO NOT OWN! Short and sweet And on with the show! Chapter One The vow goes: "Till Death do us part." But what happens after death? What happens when the bond is finally broken. But is it broken? Is it possible when two souls have been in love for thousands of years? True love cannot be stopped. Even by Death. Or can it? o.O.o "You'll find me again," she whispered as tears fell down her mud caked face, her curls singed from the fire that was burning around them, the fire that was ravaging the town, that was destroying lives with just one of its burning flames, that was ending stories that had been planned for thousands of years. But all stories must come to an end. The man who knelt across from her in the scalding ashes of Pompeii cupped her chin with his hands just as he had done so many times before. He tilted her head upwards so that she was looking into his eyes. "I promise, I swear on the gods that I'll find you again. Even Death can't stop me from getting back to you," he said. "I'll always come back." They had suffered for so long, only to be given a few moments of peaces which were suddenly destroyed when the ash began to fall like rain on the town. How could they have known it would have ended this way? "I don't want to leave you," she said, trying to stay strong just as he was. She looked into his sea green eyes and was comforted just as she always had been when they looked at her underneath those starry skies when he had helped her climb down into the courtyard and helped her run. Run so that they could finally be together. She had known the first time that her stormy eyes had met his that there was something different about him, maybe it was the tug in her stomach or the light headedness she felt, but there was something about him that made her smile every time he looked her way. They shared a secret love that should have been blessed by the gods. But the sad thing with believing in the gods, is that they never wanted you to be better than them. They never wanted you to be happier. So the only way to make them suffer was death. She guessed that she knew it from the beginning; that their love was doomed in a way that the great tragedies were written. The man gave her a weak smile as he stroked her cheek with his thumb. He too realized that they were fated from the beginning to die. "You don't have to," he said. They had never been more beautiful than in this moment, when the gods' wrath was pouring down on them with a heavy hand, they had never been more beautiful than in the moment when they were damned. The man wrapped his arms around her, just as he had done so many times, drawing her closer. She buried her head in his chest as the ash began to burn their skins. He pressed his lips to the crown of her head, burying his face in her curls. "I'll never leave you," he whispered. And he kissed her, his lips tasting like char and ashes, like Death. The kiss spoke of last chances, they knew it was hopeless. As the burning ash settled on them, they knew their love was doomed. As doomed as the city of Pompeii. o.O.o The dreams weren't getting any better. He had done everything that the doctors had told him to do. He had taken all the different pills, he had exercised until his bones turned to jelly, he had choked down every herb that they had fed him, he had tried every home remedy, he had even sprayed his sheets and pillow with lavender which was supposed to bring a peaceful sleep. All it did was make him smell like a girl. It didn't work. If anything the dreams got worse. It was as if they didn't want to be controlled, as if they didn't want to be kept back. It was as if they were fighting back. Telling him to remember something. But the problem was. He couldn't. No matter how hard he tried the dreams just brought him nightmare after nightmare. All about him dying with a beautiful girl in his arms. Not the happiest dream. The doctors finally had decided he was crazy or at least was becoming crazy. So they had told his mom that he needed to attend a school for "special" people like him. In other words, a school for kids that they thought were insane. But he wasn't insane. He knew he wasn't. Or was he? Lately Percy Jackson couldn't tell who he was. Half the time he was living in a dream landscape and the other half of the time he was trying to figure out what reality was. It was an incredibly hard life to live. "Here we are Percy," Sally Jackson said as they pulled into the parking lot of a large building that looked like it had come straight out of a story book that Percy had been forced to read as a kid. It looked like a castle with large towers and great wide windows. Percy couldn't help but whistle at the impressive feat of architecture. "See Percy, maybe this won't be too bad," Sally said turning around in her seat to smile at her seventeen year old son. Sally Jackson didn't want to leave her son at Goode Academy but the doctors had said that Percy needed it and that it would only get worse. When Sally had first talked to Percy about the dreams, she was terrified, she would admit it freely. The dreams he described were terrifying. There was always death. Death and fire and pain. "Yeah, whatever Mom," Percy said, swinging open the door and hopping outside into the cold New York air. It was the middle of September, Goode Academy didn't start until tomorrow and went later into June. He unlatched the back trunk and grabbed his backpack and his duffle bag, swinging it over his back. "Do you want me to walk you in?" Sally asked, hopping out of the car after him. Percy shook his head. "Nah, I'm fine Mom," he said, swooping down low to give his mother a peck on the cheek. "Have a safe drive back to Paul." Paul Bolfis was Sally's boyfriend. "You have everything?" Sally asked nervously. "No laptop or ipod or anything?" She asked. Percy shook his head. "None Mom." One of Goode's more… peculiar rules, was that no student was allowed access to their own personal technology. A radio would be provided in their dorm room and computers would be accessible in the library but that was all. Students could bring their cellphones but they would be turned in at the front office and returned only when necessary. Percy didn't know how he felt about that idea. "I'll see you for Christmas?" Sally said hopefully. Percy shrugged. "Maybe," he said. "Be a good boy, remember these people are only here to help you," she said, hugging her son who towered above her small frame. "I know Mom, I know," he smiled at her to try and calm her nerves. "Don't worry. After all how much trouble can I be?" o.O.o "Perseus Jackson," the front lady in the office said, pursing her wrinkled lips as she looked at the teenager with skeptical eyes, taking in his ripped jeans, messy hair and leather jacket. "Gods this place has gone to the dogs," she muttered, looking down at his file through her small glasses which were perched on her nose. "It says here you've been in multiple fights, be caught stealing from stores and have… oh this is interesting, a very vivid and wild imagination which leads to hallucinations," the lady said, looking up at Percy with a gleam in her eyes. "Did I read that correctly?" "Yes ma'am you did," Percy said. "There's no need to backtalk to me young man," she snapped. Percy opened his mouth to argue with her, but the look she shot him made him shut his mouth. "I'll call in Mr. Castellan, I'm sure he'd be more than happy to help you get situated. And he's such a nice young man," the lady commented, pressing a button on the intercom. "Mr. Castellan please report to the front office." "He's such a good boy," the lady sniffed as she shuffled Percy's papers together. The door opened and revealed a tall boy with sandy blond hair and blue eyes standing in the frame. He had a mischievous smirk on his face and a long jagged scar running down one side of his face from his cheek to his jaw. "Hello you must be Perseus Jackson," the boy said, sticking his hand out. Percy dropped his duffle bag and shook it. "Percy," he said. "My name's Percy." "Alright then Percy, I'm Luke. Head Boy here," he said. Then he leaned in close to Percy. "Really it's like school president, they're trying to go all Harry Potter on us, they hope it'll reform us better but we both know that's not going to happen." He straightened up. "I'll take Percy from here, lovely to see you again Mrs. Banderswich, looking as beautiful as ever." Percy could have sworn the old cow blushed at Luke's compliment. Outside the office and in the grand foyer Luke let down his appearance. "You've got to be nice to the old lady or else you won't get anywhere in this school. That's all it is, play your part, act like you're not crazy and you'll get out of here. Act like you're not dangerous and you'll get out of here. It's all a game of charades really," Luke said. "But enough of that, I'll show you to your dorm." Luke led him out the door of the front hall to the lawn where there were at least twelve other buildings surrounding the lawn. "That's going to be your building for your basic courses, you know Civics, English, History all that junk," he said pointing to one castle like building. "The one over there is your combat and physical training center," he pointed to a low to the ground building that was long. "The one of there that has all those towers in the library and the one next to it is the students area, it's got the cafeteria and lounge and hang out areas. And finally the building over there is for your special studies," Luke said, pointing to a gloomy looking building. "Special studies?" Percy asked. "You'll see," Luke grinned. "The seven other buildings are the dorms, one for the year you're in. You're a junior so you'll be in that one over there, you stay in the same dorm for all seven years you're here, We just rotate through buildings, when the seniors graduate next year's first years will get their