A/N: This is a little story that demanded to be written down. It's relatively short- about six or so chapters. I appreciate you taking the time to read this, and I hope you enjoy! Comments are always appreciated. " Begin Again." Bella Swan is immeasurably different from other girls her age. She is quiet and reserved yet is exceedingly brave for a young woman of her stature. While other teenagers were sunbathing in bikinis and spending their allowances at the mall, she was sitting in the shade with her book of the moment; saving every cent she's ever earned for college. It is a trait her Father had passed down to her. He works hard for everything in life, yet would not hesitate to give the shirt off of his back to his fellow man. This has been embedded in her since birth. She's has never questioned it, she's never had a reason to. Her Mother, who did not possess this quality, would tell her that one day, she would offer more than she had to give away. Bella did not see how that was a bad thing. It was not uncommon for Charlie to call her from time to time. Since she lived with Renee, Bella rarely got to see her Father. Because of this, she went out of her way to ensure they talked. That was another thing that set Bella apart. She didn't feel the need to shut her family out. Hormones or not, they were all she had. This call was unlike the others for many different reasons. She couldn't pinpoint it in that moment, but it was the call that would change every truth she thought she knew. One thing that was different was her Mother. On a usual day, Renee would hand her the phone and go back to her hobby of the instant. Sometimes it was tap dance, sometimes it was pottery, and sometimes Bella didn't bother to ask what she was doing. Whatever it was, it never kept Renee's attention for long. On that day, her Mother handed her the kitchen phone, which was attached to a long out-of-date cord that was too tangled to reach anywhere. Instead of turning her attention to her fad, Renee leaned against the brightly painted counter. She watched as her daughter took the phone from her and pressed it against her ear. Bella should have known something was wrong in that second. Renee is not the type to eavesdrop. When she wants to know something, she would flat out ask and expect a straight answer. Because of this, Bella rarely tells her anything but the truth. But she didn't notice anything unusual. It wasn't until she greeted her Father that she realized this would be anything but the usual conversation. It might be strange, but Bella truly enjoyed conversations with her Father. They were both introspective people, and did not spend a lot of time of frivolous things. They didn't talk about celebrities, or the high school drama that went on at all times. They talked about their lives. About options for college or Charlie's fishing adventures. It was the only way they were really in each other's lives. And Bella took advantage of this. "Dad!" Bella greeted him warmly, not expecting him to call until at least the next day. "Hey, Bells." His voice was thick with what she assumed was exhaustion. "Senior year is getting closer to ending every day. You must be excited." "I suppose." She responded, letting her fingers become knotted in the phone's cord. "I don't feel the same nostalgia my classmates do. They act like the world will explode any second now." Charlie started to chuckle, the same chuckle she had heard her entire life but was interrupted by a wet and determined sounding cough. Bella lets her fingers graze the necklace that hangs from her neck. It had become a habit over the years. As hot as it got outside, the jade stone was always cool. It was comforting for her. Bella frowned into the phone. Charlie, much like herself, never got sick. It was so extremely rare for them, she could not remember the last time she had even had the sniffles, much less a cough like that. "Have you been working too much lately? You sound dreadful!" Bella took little notice to her Mother moving from her position by the counter to the kitchen stool under the pretense of drinking her tea. "No, nothing like that." He said after clearing his throat. "I've actually been cutting back at the station." Her body instantly stopped as her mind went into overdrive. Her stomach clenched the way it did in horror movies. The feeling of absolute dismay. Charlie never slowed down. Never. It simply wasn't an option. They had spent hours arguing about it. And all Charlie would ever say was: "The law doesn't stop needing to be enforced just because of a few pesky germs." All she could do was roll her eyes. "You've been delegating, old man?" She laughed, trying to make light of the situation even as the knot in her stomach grew heavier. "What, is the world ending?" "Doctor's orders." His words were simple, but held great meaning behind them. Bella felt her knees grow weak, her legs heavier. Everything was about to change, she could sense it. Bella wanted to pause this moment. The few seconds before she asked the question she couldn't take back. She wanted to live where her life was still simple. But as she was about to learn, it would never be simple again. "You- you're sick?" She managed to get the words out as she leaned against the wall for support. Her words must have been as shaky as the legs that held her up. She had no way of knowing. "Now don't you go worrying about me, young lady." Charlie said without even taking the breath. Bella wasn't a very dramatic person, unless it came to the people she loves. "I've already started treatment. My Doctors are doing everything they can." "What kind of treatment?" Her voice was unrecognizable. The fear of the next words that would come from her Father was almost unbearable. "I have cancer, Bells." Bella doesn't remember how she responded. She doesn't remember Charlie trying to calm her and she doesn't remember hanging up on him. She hardly recognized the touch of her Mother, who now stood in front of her. "It's going to be okay, Bella." The young girl shook her head, trying to dispose of the clouds that were causing a storm in her mind. "You knew about this? Why didn't you tell me?" Renee kept her hands on her daughter, even though it was the last thing Bella wanted. She wanted to go back several hours. She wanted to go back to a time where her biggest worries included her English paper and how to somehow avoid prom. "He didn't want you to worry. You've been waiting for college letters and he didn't want to add to your stress." Bella scoffed. Even at seventeen years old, she understood that there were much more important things in life than college. Renee had always told her to continue striving for more and more in life. While Bella knew that she meant well, she didn't agree. She wanted a complete and satisfied life. She didn't want to work so hard for one thing and miss everything else. "I have to go there." She said with eyes as wide as the day she was born. "Isabella…" The older woman said somberly as she lifted the auburn hair out of her daughter's face. "No, Mom. I have to go there." Bella said insistently. To her, she did not have another choice. She didn't want to think of the alternative. "I don't know if you should. This kind of sickness, it doesn't always get better. It might only get worse." The woman took a deep breath before she continued. She couldn't sugarcoat this. Bella had to understand. "He has pancreatic cancer. It's not easy, and it won't be pretty. I need you to know what you are walking into." "There is no other option. He shouldn't have to be alone in this." Bella whispered, suddenly feeling very tired. She looked up at her Mother, silently praying she would understand. Renee had lost her Father when she was younger than Bella, and it didn't take much for her to remember that time. She looked at her young daughter, who was barely on the edge of adult life and knew there would be no talking her out of this. She takes the girl's small hands in her own and tries to smile. "You truly are an old soul, Bella." July 1918 Edward Masen Jr. had his entire life in front of him. He was born less than a year after his parents had married in the turn of a new century. He was raised conservative, and was truly the highlight of his family's life. His laughter would brighten the day of his Mother, who couldn't bring herself to reprimand him for dragging mud into the house. On days that he was feeling blue, she would sneak him an extra dessert away from the eyes of his Father. She would sit with him as he went to sleep, and tell him stories from her childhood. Sometimes they were made up, full of magic and epic battles. But most of the time, they were simple stories. She told him how her Father had taught her to milk a cow and how she had gotten stuck in the apple tree on her property. He liked those stories the best. Even from a young age, Edward could see the happiness that lite up her eyes. That was more magical to him than dragons. He didn't have quite the same relationship with his Father. He wouldn't exactly call Edward Sr. a callous man, but he wasn't very forthcoming with his affections. It wasn't the older man's fault exactly. He had just been raised a different way than his Mother had. He was taught that if you ever truly wanted anything in life, you had to be willing to give up absolutely everything to get it. Nothing was ever handed to him, his Father had been sure of that. He would have to work if he wanted to be considered to follow in his Father's footsteps. Edward Sr. had been a lawyer, who took the law very seriously. He taught his son the same values. Edward did not mind the work. It was all he ever knew. Even at the age of seventeen, his future looked bright. He took his time that morning. It was a Saturday, and the sun was brighter than it had been in weeks. He walked into the kitchen, finding his Mother frowning over the radio on the kitchen counter. She had been doing that a lot lately. There was a sickness that was spreading across the country affectionately nicknamed the three day fever. He would hear the same words everyday: "It is not uncommon to be healthy in the morning and to die from the disease in the evening." He tried not to let them trouble him, as there was nothing he could do about it. But it didn't stop his Mother from pressing her palm to his face every evening if just to ensure her son's health for one more day. "Haven't you had enough of that?" Edward asked her warmly as he kissed her cheek. "Not until it is officially behind us." Elizabeth said firmly as she reached for another mug. "Tea, Edward?" "No thanks. I think I'll go for a walk. It's such an attractive day." He told her before taking a large bite out of a peach. The juice spilled over the corners of his mouth and dripped down his chin. "Be safe." She warned, flashing him a brilliant smile as she wiped the juice from