Irony: How I Hate Thy Name Disclaimer: I don't own anything that is associated with Lord of the Rings. The only thing that's mine are any OC's that may appear later in the story. Everything else belongs to the head, J.R.R. Tolkien. --------------------------------------------------------------------------- Chapter 1: The Concept of Irony The dictionary defines Irony as "a type of sardonic humor based on using words to suggest the opposite of their literal meaning." Oh yes, it is indeed very hilarious at times, don't you think? The irony of this, the irony of that. In some situations, you just can't help but to laugh, you know? But, after what's happened to me, I've realized another thing about irony. I hate it. Isn't it just funny how out of nowhere my two dear friends of whom I'm with on this stupid camping trip, suggested that it'd be a nice day to have a nice little hike. Oh Haley, look at the sky, clear as ever. I had a bad feeling about this and I usually follow my instincts but this one time I decided what the heck. Sure, let's do it. So here we are now, with nothing but some select items in our backpacks, in the middle of a huge forest, completely lost. Oh yeah, did I mention it was raining? "Nickolas. Nathan. McFerrin." The tight words barely got past my clenched teeth. I was tired, wet, and cold in my sleeveless collar shirt and capris and I was definitely not in a good mood. "How the freaking heck, did you get us lost, in this stupid forest!" The poor victim of my ranting was standing just a few feet away. His expression was nervous and tense, as if ready to flee in case of an explosion, which would probably happen soon if I did not get out of this rain. Lucky him, he was wearing a light brown jacket. It wasn't much, and his strawberry-blonde hair was still being drenched, but it did protect his body from most of the rain nevertheless. My other friend, Michael Shaffer, who had on the same hoodie that he always wore, had on the same expression too. Guess they knew me too well. Nick looked down and fumbled with the now flimsy and wet piece of paper better known as a map. "We're not lost," Sure we weren't. "We're just…not exactly where we should be." "Not exactly where we should be?" I repeated, my voice fatally calm. "Our campsite is probably a million miles away and we're standing in the freezing rain with no form of shelter and you say we're not exactly where we should be!" "Yeah, pretty much." Deep breaths, just remember, deep breaths. It's not working! I fisted my hands ready to march over there and give him the explosion he's been waiting for when Michael grabbed me by my collar, saving Nick from the gruesome fate that I had in mind. "Whoa Haley, look" he addressed Nick and I, "we all want to be back at the campsite but we're currently not—" "Thank you Captain Obvious," I put in, rolling my eyes. "—and so " continued Michael as if there had been no interruption, "we can't be biting each other's heads off if we all want to get back. Now let's just walk around a little and see if we can find some people or something, agreed?" He looked at both of us meaningfully with his intense blue eyes. I nodded meekly. He was right, of course. If we ever wanted to get back, we'd have to stay calm and cooperate with each other. Besides, if we ever got back, then I could give Nick a more painful torture. Maybe something involving some rope, some pictures, and a little discussion on feminine stuff . And so we began our wonderful journey through the forest, searching in hope of some form of civilization. We trudged through the muddy pathway and climbed over logs and such. I don't know if it was just me, but it seemed like we getting further and further away from where we wanted to go. According to my watch, it was already 4:00 pm and we had started out from our site at 9:00 am. Great, we've been wandering around for 7 hours like mindless zombies and haven't gotten anywhere. And I was starting to get really hungry! It was around 5:30 when the rain finally stopped. I know we should have been grateful for that but we weren't. For that was when the real trouble started We decided to take a break since we've been walking for over an hour. We had come across a small clearing and that was where we stopped. The water bottle was halfway to my lips when I heard it. A shriek. High pitched and ear shattering, unlike anything I have ever heard before. We all looked at each other simultaneously. That sound was definitely not human. Humans could never make a noise like that. It came again, this time closer and we all agreed on one thing: We had to get out of here. We all grabbed our stuff and were ready to run out of the clearing when a rustle came from the bushes. I froze. Why did I get the feeling whatever was coming next was not good? Oh, that's why. My eyes widened as the most hideous creatures emerged from all around us. Their faces were distorted and didn't seem to have any flesh at all. They were all covered in grim armor and carrying rusted axes and swords. It was worst then the scariest monster flick I've ever saw. I was completely still, my face of utmost horror. I dimly saw Nick and Michael's similar expressions out of the corner of my eyes. "Well, well, what do we have here?" The voice was deep and sinister and matched the speaker completely. It came from the one right in front of me who seemed to be the leader. He, she, it had a big and burly built and in its hands was a large (and very sharp) axe. "Seems like we have 3 little lost mortals. Looks like we've found our dinner boys." There was chuckling all around. What? Dinner? Yep, this was definitely not good. What the heck were these things? Some sort of unidentified species that thrived deep in the forest and feasted on lost hikers? That sound far-fetched even to me, but all I knew what that this was real and that these things were right in front of me. I glanced at the others. They were as shocked as me. Oh man, what do we do? None of us had training in fighting and even if we did, we were seriously outnumbered. There had to be at least 50 of them. That when I suddenly noticed that they were all around us. Crap! They were going to close in on us and there was no way to escape! How the heck did this happen? It was suppose to be a normal camping trip. It was the same camping trip that we took every year, and it always went smoothly, without a hitch. Well, the trip was pretty normal, before I idiotically agreed to go on a hike. Oh man, if I had known we'd be attacked by mutated monsters, I would've stayed home. The said monsters all raised their weapons and started to slowly stalk forward with hungry grins on their faces. It looks like there's only one thing to do. "AHHHHHH!" I screamed fiercely as I charged right at the leader. I could hear Nick and Michael's exclamations behind me but I still didn't stop. I knew this was crazy. The thing could just slice right through me with its grimy ax. The chances of me surviving this thing were slim to none but at this moment, this was the only thing I could think of to do. Honestly, what would you do? Apparently, I shocked them as much as I shocked myself. I could see it on their faces as I drew closer and closer but it was quickly gone as I could see a smirk grow onto the leader's face. Now he just looked at me like I was stupid, and I couldn't disagree with that. Right at the moment before I reached the thing, I lifted my leg up, prepared to smash its face in. However, before I could feel the contact beneath my foot, I felt another one around my ankle. Icy, sharp pain shot up my leg as my foot was twisted further then I could ever imagine. It hurt like heck but I didn't scream. I just gritted my teeth and clenched my eyes. I would not give them the satisfaction of hearing me in pain. The creature picked me up by the collar from where I had collapsed and brought me close to its face. I stared defiantly back into those dark, creepy eyes. I may have seemed brave on the outside, but inside I was shaking. "Fool," it hissed, it's breath upon my face like rotten eggs, "Did you honestly think that a weakling like you could take on the great Urukai like us. " So that's what they are. At least that was answered, but it didn't bring me any relief to learn it. If anything, it panicked me even more, for I knew there were no species call that. It was difficult to talk with my feet dangling at least a foot from the ground, but I managed to spat out. "I—I had to try." "Indeed, you are very foolish." "Better foolish then ugly." It froze. The air was deadly silent. Ooh, now I've done it. I never did know when to shut up. However, it didn't look angry, rather amused. "You're a feisty little mortal." It leaned in close, its hot breath against my ear, "I'll have fun ripping your body to pieces and eating every last bit of your guts." I gulped. That didn't sound appetizing, but it didn't give me time to answer before it threw me behind it. My back connected with the rough bark of a tree, hard. The impact took all the breath out of me and all I could was slide helplessly down the trunk. My foot still throbbed and I could barely see anything. "Haley!" I heard Michael shout. He sounded angry. "Awww," came a gruff voice. It sounded far off. "Was that your friend? Don't worry, I'll be sure to let you watch while I kill her." "Don't you dare touch her!" Both Nick and Michael yelled. I could see one of the, what was it, oh yeah, Urukai coming toward me. This was it, I thought, I tried to do something about it but it didn't work. Now was the time to give up, it was over. I could still hear the boys yelling at the Uri-kais to not hurt me. Oh, how much I loved them so much. You guys were great, always there for me, I'm sorry I couldn't do anything to save you. Bye guys. But it was at the moment when I gave up hope that hope came to me. There's that irony again. Just before the creature reached me, I could hear a buzz ripping through the air and the next second, the urukai was on the floor with a spear through its head. Next thing I knew, everything was chaos. More spears came soaring through the air, hitting their target. The high-pitch shrieks pierced the air again as the urukai screamed. And then there were people, dressed in tunics and riding horses, galloping into the clearing, killing all the Urukai. All I could do was watch in shock. Black blood was flying everywhere, some even landed on me, but all I could do was watch until my friends came over to wake me up from my daze. "Haley!" Nick's face came into view as he grabbed me by