A/N: Make no money Blah blah, etc etc, I own everything except not what isn't not nothing on this. Capiche? Good 'cuz I'm not sure I do. Fanfic Info: This is a Bellice story. It will be mostly T but it might stray into M territory. I have a love of citrousy scenes and may take my first stab at writing one. Some things will obviously be very different from canon. Also, I based Bella's looks on that of a drow elf from the forgotten realms franchise. However she is NOT a drow elf though there are many similarities. What is she? Well that is part of the mystery. Without further blah blah here is the First Chapter. Enjoy. XXXXX I sighed, looking in the mirror. Looking at myself, all I could see was a freak, especially once now that the sun had risen. With a grumble I started the process of getting ready for my first day of school in Forks, wishing as I always did that I could crawl into bed and sleep the day away. First is getting dressed. Long sleeves and a high collar are a necessity, as well as pants and shoes that cover every inch of skin. I even have to wear gloves and use a made up 'condition' for wearing them. The less skin I show the better or else I'm guaranteed to be stared at constantly. One of my worst fears if that someone will get a good look at me without any make up or covering and laugh or otherwise make my life a living hell. You see every inch of my skin from head to toe is black. I don't mean Michael Jordan or Usher black. I mean ebony black. Charcoal black. From the top of my head to my lips to the tips of my toes my skin is black as a moonless night, as the inside of a grave or like sharpies that happen to be labeled with the color 'black'. And that's only one of my problems. After covering all my skin from my neck downwards next is putting on my brown wig of real human hair. Some girl from South America has once had this hair; seems kinda weird sometimes but I'm grateful for it and for how expensive it was whoever the hair belonged to before was probably well compensated. I needed a good wig to help take care of two of my other problems; my ears and my weird snow white hair. Why is my paper white, completely devoid of color hair weird you ask? Well aside from the obvious that no one should come close to my hair color before the age of nighty was the fact that it refused to absorb dyes evenly. Every time I'd tried the color would end up uneven and leave huge splotches of different colored patches all over my head. In the end I'd given up on dying my white head of hair. Truth be told I loved my hair. It was thick and luscious and went down halfway down my back. However I was not eager to be any more of a freak at school. So the white hair went under the wig. There was another reason I wore the wig. It had to do with my freakish ears that were, like, four or five inches longer than any normal ear had a right to be. I'll just admit it, even though I hate hearing it form other people: I have elf ears. There, you happy? They slope kind of backwards and out and end in tapered points. They are way too big and stick out way to far to make hiding them under my hair an option. Again I had no desire to be branded a freak so I'd been hiding my ears (along with everything else) since elementary school. Solution to both the hair and the ear problem? Wig. We never came up with a better way unless I wanted to wear funny hats all the time. I tied my hair up as tight as I could to my scalp with pins and clips so it would fit better under the wig. Then I grabbed a comfy elastic headband and put it on so it pinned my long ears against the side of my head. It usually got really uncomfortable having to keep them like that for an entire day but I'd mostly learned to cope with it. Once I had all that in place my prized wig of straight brown hair would go on my head. I was about halfway done with my transformation into "normal" socially acceptable Bella Swan by this point. Next I looked at my eyes. They were red and big on my face. Completely exotic and unnatural looking and I thought they looked cool as hell. All things being equal I might even consider leaving them as they were without disguising them for school. However there is one huge drawback to cool looking eyes; sensitivity to light, along with an extremely strong sensitivity to sunlight. Don't ask me why but while artificial light was always harsh sunlight near blinded even on a cloudy overcast day never mind a sunny one. So I had a pair of dark brown colored contacts that I put into my eyes. They were especially made to act as sunglasses to my eyes so the sensitivity would be tolerable in most cases and I didn't spend all day with a headache and squinting painfully at everything. They made my eyes a boring color instead of my awesome natural bright red but in the end I was probably be happy drawing the least amount of attention to myself. Finally I looked almost like a normal girl except for one intsy bitty detail; my whole exposed face was showing. Black as pitch every invariable inch of it, even my lips. The only thing to break up the black of my face was the white of my eyebrows and my big eyes. This is where heavy duty professional stage make up comes into play, they kind they use on movie sets to really change how a person looks. After years of doing it it only took about ten minutes to cover my face with a color that covered up the black of my skin and made me look normal. It was a pain in the butt applying it evenly, not getting it on my clothes or anything and making sure it looked natural and not like I'd either had too much plastic surgery or like I was doing a bad impression of a clown. But like I said I've had years to master the art. I'm proud to say that even when people get close to me they usually have no idea that I'm covering my whole face. Still I normally am never close to anyone so I can't be sure if that observation would always hold up. Applying some eyeliner to make my white eyebrows match my brown wig and adding a different color to make my lips look natural were the finishing touches. That was my long morning ritual but it had to be long. I had to hide my weird as heck skin color, my white hair, my long pointy eyes and my very bright red eyes. Those were only the things I could really do something about. There was nothing much I could do about my overlarge sharp pointy canines that went down almost all the way to my lower gums if I kept my mouth closed. I just had to remember to not show any teeth when I smiled and not to bite my lip lest my 'fangs' peek out from behind my teeth to make me look either cute or threatening. Part of the reason I never liked to talk to people was because if I wasn't very careful they would get a flash of fang. Also why I didn't like to eat lunch in the lunchroom. In fact around people it was better to keep my mouth shut altogether. Yup. I'd been born a freak. And because of it I'd always hated every minute of school. Every. Last. One. Forks would be no different, I was sure of it. After looking at myself critically in the mirror for another minute making sure nothing was out of place I stifled a yawn and made my way downstairs with bone weary tiredness. No amount of coffee ever woke me up. I'd long ago resigned myself to stumble around half asleep during classes all day long. Charlie, my dad, was sitting downstairs on the kitchen table drinking coffee and reading the newspaper. He looked up at me and I gave him an unenthusiastic smile as greeting. "Hi dad," I said walking into the kitchen. "Mornin' Bells," he said, taking the time to put down his paper and examine me critically. He'd always done this and for the most part I endured his scrutiny good naturedly. Since we'd decided as a family long ago to disguise my looks whenever I was in public Charlie would always fuss over making sure everything was perfect and I didn't have stray white hairs or patches of black skin showing. It was annoying since I'd been taking care of it all by myself for years but it was also strangely comforting. I also think it was one of his ways of letting me know he cared without so many words. "You feel ready for school?" he asked me after finishing his inspection, sounding just a bit worried. Never have, never will be. I hate high school. "Fine dad. You know, rather sleep all day but that's nothing new," I said moving to the fridge. "You know, if you have any problems..." he said letting his sentence trail off. Why couldn't I get a GED? Or home school? I hate being around all those people. "Fine dad, I have my cell phone," I said to him as I poured myself a glass of organic fresh squeezed orange juice, "I'll call if something comes up." He nodded and went back to his paper as I drank my juice. I'm glad I'd at least broken Charlie of his incessant need to see me eat breakfast. It took him years to get it into his head that eating anything for breakfast, ever , just made me want to puke. Juice was the best 'breakfast' compromise I managed to get away with. I washed my dirty glass and headed out the door with a quick 'goodbye dad' over my shoulder. His concerned gaze followed me out the door but if he was really that worried he wouldn't be making me go in the first place. School is for normal kids. I'm not normal. Why couldn't my parents ever get that? With a huff I got into my ancient beat up truck and shut the door, my eyes stinging in the sunlight even though it was overcast. One of the few good things about moving to Forks was that the sun shone a lot less brightly here than it did in Phoenix. Another of the few good things was that I was suddenly the proud owner of my own motor vehicle. I was inordinately happy about it and even though it looked like crap I didn't care. It ran right? And it was big and had character. It took away my foul mood from having to go back to school when I first got it. Well, almost. Feeling that I'd like nothing more than to curl up and pretend school didn't exist I started up the engine and pulled out of the driveway. I seriously hoped my sensitivity to light didn't lead to me crashing into anything. First day of Forks High school here I come. My life is hell. Bleh. XXXXX Walking up to the school on my first day things started going badly for me before I even walked through the front doors.