"One-Shots of Victors and Victims" #2 District 11: Annala I looked at the sky through the window. The dark clouds wanted to spill rain, but unsure when. After I opened the window, the thick wet air told me that rain was coming soon. Hopefully after the reaping because I don't want to get doused so much I'll be sick. My family can afford the doctors to heal me, but just having a cough makes me feel uneasy. Its my first reaping after all and I have to wear this ugly mustard colored rain poncho. Its transparent so my clothes underneath is seen, but its still ugly. I like brighter colors. My parents said I should be glad for what I have because others in our District don't have ponchos. More than half of District 11 is poor little shantytowns. The small but richer side is mostly the Victors' Village, where I live. My mother won the 14th Hunger Games when she was sixteen, the first female victor of District 11. A couple years later, my parents married and had me. The girl who stands out in the crowd sometimes because her skin is paler than others and her clothes aren't rags that struggle to hold onto each other. I'm Annala Lee, the one with the naturally straight black hair and the hazel eyes. My skin and how straight my hair can be comes from my mom. The rest of my features is from my dad. I shampoo my hair in the bathroom even though its useless, my hair is always fuzzy. I add makeup to cover that scar on my cheek. I'm not a brat, I just want to look good for my first reaping. The 28th Hunger Games. My parents believe I will never be reaped to fight to the death, but that doesn't mean they prepare me for extra caution. Have me chop the firewood, work high in the orchards, or teach me talents that could be skills. They don't want to lose their only daughter, their only child. The generous-to-a-fault one. The one who wants to take terrasse only to give the grains to others but her parents don't let her. The one who after every reaping had set aside money for the families of the reaped. The one who helps along in the orchards because she asked, not just because her parents want her to. Lightning flashes through the sky when Dad yells for me to hurry up. Sighing, I grab my ugly rain poncho and run downstairs. This year I can see my mother and another victor, a man named Norris Bluephox, who repeats the last word he says, siting on the stage, just a little bit better because I'm closer. Closer and closer, year after year, until I'm eighteen and I can just wave at Mom without being lost in the crowd. Our escort, Tumulous B. (her last name is so long we just say B.), is as jumpy as ever. Her red dress with millions of ruffles bump up and down in every jump, along with the shiny yellow afro with the red and white poke-a-dot ribbons. She's not wearing any kind of rain poncho, like the majority of us. With the thunder and lightning and the claims of rain drops in the crowd, she won't be as jumpy anymore. "Hi District Eleven!" Tumulous says "It is time to pick our lucky girl and boy to participate in the 28th Hunger Games!" She claps and nobody joins her "First up is our lucky girls!" Tumulous steps over to the girls' reaping ball, which always is filled to the brim with thousands of paper slips. One of them has "Annala Lee," written on it. Tumulous takes her time getting a slip and then reads aloud the name. "Tallia Kyra!" I'm watching the 13-year-olds section split and a girl is revealed. She's smaller than me, which is surprising is you saw my height, and her leg and arm is in some sort of cast. I recognize her. A week ago, a group of kids got too close to mockingjay nest. While they were being attacked, Tallia had fallen and broken her leg and arm while she was beaten by mockingjay beaks. It was scary seeing those peaceful birds doing so much harm. People say I'm generous to a fault. I guess it was true when I found myself shouting, "I volunteer!" At that moment, the downpour began. My mom burst into tears. Most of the crowd gasped seeing me mount the stage. Tallia was lead away to find her parents. As I stood next to Tumulous, I could hear my mother sobbing quietly, "Why? Why? Why?" "Whats your name," Tumulous asked, putting the microphone to my mouth. "Annala Lee," I said, my voice small. "The victor's daughter? My, how old are you?" "Twelve." "A twelve-year-old volunteer! My!" The rain fell hard on the poncho's hood. It made a good excuse for my wet face, which was really covered in tears. What made me think I could do this? What gave me the idea? Wouldn't it be better to not volunteer for Tallia? "This rain is not good for my hair!" Tumulous exclaimed "I'll get it redone later. I have a reaping to finish. Now, for the boys!" Tumulous takes a slip from the boys reaping ball. Then she read the name aloud. "Luke Notice." The twelve-year-old section comes alive. A little boy with dark skin and short black hair emerges from that section, his face pale and his fist clenched together. He doesn't have a poncho and is getting drenched. He's the quiet kid at school. I've tried making friends with him once or twice but he never opens his mouth. He only talks when the teacher calls on him. At least I know Luke, it'd be better to make allies with him. Luke has made his way next to Tumulous. From here I can tell we're the same exact size. She asks for his age and he responds with an extremely quiet, "Twelve." "Any volunteers?" Tumulous asks. Silence. "Okay then-" "I volunteer!" Luke's mouth opens and begins screaming, "No, Andrew, NO!" Peacekeepers drag him away as a taller and more muscular replica of the boy steps up. "My, District Eleven is volunteering today! Whats your name?" "Andrew Notice," the Luke's older brother says. His face is as pale's as Luke's, as if blood does not exist in that family's face. "That was your brother, wasn't it?" Andrew nods. Tumulous asks, "How old are you?" "Fourteen." Andrew's brown eyes were exposed with fear. "Why, Annala, why!?" My mom cried. I could hear the rain pounding on the Justice Building's roof. "I saved her life," was all I could choke out. "But you numbered yours, why!" My mom buried her head into my shirt. My dad's eyes were pale and shimmering with sadness. He said, "You know your skills. Use them. Do your best to win, got it?" I nodded. My mom popped out and said, "Stay hidden as much as possible. Stay away from Districts 1, 2, and 4. Career Districts. They train to kill. They'll kill you. They volunteer most of the time. Avoid them." I nodded. I knew I had a week longer with my mom than my dad because my mom is my mentor. Mom was right about the Career districts. All three of those districts had only tributes volunteering. The ones sticking out to me was Crystal from One, Avi and Chello from Two, Alexander from Four, a small girl from Eight named Susan, twelve-year-olds from Ten named Maleah and Saul, and a hulking big Jacob from Twelve. "I want you to make alliances," my mom said. still wiping away tears after the reaping tapes were finished. "Even with you two, two," said Norris. "Not with Careers," mom added. "Definitely not with Careers, Careers," Norris said. Me and Andrew looked at each other and nodded. I was waving from my chariot when I realized that I couldn't be a little girl anymore. I had to be strong and tough now, especially since that my fate was being determined. Ever since I had shouted those same two words Andrew did. On the first day of training, I practiced my skills instead of weaponry. There was an obstacle called the Gauntlet that I mastered in two tries. I sped up and down the rock wall swiftly and flew threw the monkey bars that hung on the training center's roof. I passed the edible plants test with soaring colors. I wasn't even tried when I ran into the lunchroom after the bell. I sat at a vacant table, the first one here in the entire room. I waited for Andrew to arrive. Crystal and her district partner were the first two besides me to arrive. They saw me, whispered to each other, and sat across from me at my table. "Want to be allies?" Crystal asked. I remembered my mom's warning about Careers. But something else caught me. Crystal had a sweet, innocent, pleading voice. Her eyes were cold and untrustworthy though. "Sorry, no," I said politely. The District One tributes shrugged and moved. Andrew and another boy were next to sit across from me. Andrew introduced him as Tech from District Three. He had on wire-rimmed glasses, was short and had a wiry build, had the palest skin I've ever seen, and had polished black hair. "He's a trap maker," Andrew said. "You haven't seen me with a knife," Tech said in a cracked voice "Its like a screwdriver." Tech's attention was drawn to me. "It was nice of you to volunteer for that girl. Whatever accident had gotten her in that position could have caused her her life if she was in the arena. Whatever happened to her?" "Fell out the orchards during a mockingjay attack," I answered. I liked this boy. Tech looked confused. "Mockingjays?" "Black and white feathered birds that if you get to close to their nest, you end up like, you know-" "Allies?" I looked up and saw Avi and Chello above me. I saw their eyes, the same as Crystal's. Before Andrew could say anything, I responded flatly, "No." Chello looked ready to have a fit but Avi lead him away. I told Andrew and Tech, "They were Careers, the tributes my mom told me to avoid-" "Your mentor is your mom?" Tech asked. I nodded. "Cool." "And second," I continued "Watch their eyes. Untrustworthy and cold eyes. Their just using this 'allies' thing to make us easier prey." The second day of training, I used an ax. It was a small one with air holes to make it lighter. I just sliced off the dummy's legs when I saw Alexander approaching with cold, untrustworthy eyes. "Before you ask, no," I said. Alexander turned on his heels and walked away. Susan was standing behind me, giggling. I asked her if she wanted to join my alliance but she shook her head no. Thats when I noticed the fire-starting station had Maleah talking with Crystal. Wanting to save her life and wanting her as an ally, I walked over to the station and asked, "Want to be allies?" Maleah eyed me. She swished her long, blonde hair and said, "With your district partner and the boy from Three? No thanks." "You can trust me and Jasper, Maleah," Crystal said, smirking with her cold eyes. "When is a Career trustworthy?" I fought back "I mean, haven't you seen some of the recent Hunger Games?" Maleah looked at me with gray eyes then at Crystal. She said to me, "I'm with you, whatever your name is." "Annala," I answered. Crystal's face went red and stomped away. "Didn't you notice any of the Careers' eyes?" I asked Maleah "Cold eyes don't make alliances." Maleah thought for a second. "Crystal had this shimmer I couldn't ignore at first. But, your right, I did notice that. Maybe I can get Saul hooked up