FYI, THIS IS THE EYES OF A CAPITOL CITIZEN! Guess you alreadu figured it out. What Must It Be Like? I always wanted to meet with a tribute. Every year I try, because I am like not far from the Training Center, but caught. Always I'm freaking caught. Not this year, though. This year I have a plan. Two days before the 53rd Hunger Games, I told my mother I was going to Umbella Zeal's house. "Are you real, Lakeshi?" she questioned, turning away from the television. "Yes, I am," I answered as honest as I could. "I'm not going to have any Peacekeepers bring you to my doorstep saying you were scaling the Training Center walls or trying to slip through the doors?" "No, mother. I'm twelve now. I've outgrown it. I know my punishments. I'll have Umbella call you when I get there in less than five minutes. I'll be back around eleven." My mother half-smiled. "Alright then. But if I do get Peacekeepers at my door and you're in handcuffs like the last five years-" "Mother! I won't !" "Carry on. and please put on some lipstick. And redo your hair..." After I redid my features to my mother's orders, I slipped out the house and on my way to my friend's house. Umbella quickly pulled me in and called my mother, saying I was there. I even pipped in to make her more reassured. She's so tempered around this time. After that was done with, Umbella stowed me in her room and we talked. "Who are you going to see this time?" my friend asked. "Or attempt to." "I was thinking District One. The balcony is the lowest and I'm betting on the girl tribute fifty bucks." "I was hoping you'd go for anywhere high. You scale that surfaces like a master and I'mma disguise you as arranged." "Yea but I want a quick escape if I'm caught." Umbella turned to her computer and pulled up a website. She scanned the twenty-four tributes and said "Here's a good one. The only twelve-year-old in the Games this year, from District Twelve." "How ironic!" I beamed. "She even looks a lot like you, but totally ugly and unstyled." Umbella clicked the girl's picture, pulling up her full I.D. "Her name is Hope Ideally." Hope had frizzy, uncombed black hair. Her olive skin was dry and her lips thin and cracked. She hardly passed five feet. Yet her eyes were gray and shinning with, well, hope. No matter how repulsive she was, she looked like me. Only the unpleasant District Twelve version. Yet the picture of her chariot costume made her look like me now that she was pretty. "It says here her betting odds are 1 in 55," Umbella read "Yet she scored an eight, so she must be of some use. You should find out how." "Won't matter, she'll die in the bloodbath," I groaned. "Isn't the girl from One's name Fuchsia Alloy? She got an eleven, right?" "Uhh… yes." "I'll find out how she got her score straight from her!" Umbella shook her head and said "It says here that Hope seems strange. Her mentors reported that she's not much of a talker and she's usually in her room. Something strange about her token, a pink stick as long as her arm she won't let out of her sight. It had to be confiscated but she got it back." Hope must be crazy. At 10 o'clock, Umbella painted my body, except my face, in the grayish-white of the Training Center's bricks. Then I dressed in white boy clothes and hoodies, because it was chilly out tonight. Hiding my painted body and hoodies under my originals clothes, me and Umbella left, telling her parents we were walking. "I'll be keeping watch," Umbella reminded as I started for the Training Center. I waved goodbye and headed out, a warm and excited feeling in me. I'll be the first normal Capitol citizen to meet a tribute! Maybe Gamemakers brought their children to meet the tributes or something, but I don't count them. They never really meet the tributes, just watch them as I heard. I'll actually talk to the tribute. Fuchsia Alloy was my targeted tribute. But as I approached the Training Center, I kept thinking about Hope Ideally. " Her token is a pink stick as long as her arm she won't let out of her sight." What was that all about? People in District Twelve are poor and really don't have anything pretty. Where did she get that stick, and why was it so special to her? "It says here her betting odds are 1 in 55, yet she scored an eight, so she must be of some use." What is her skill? Maybe people really are detesting her, if she got a eight. But that is in the Careers' score range, eight to ten! But not the highest of ranges, in the Career range. And she's only twelve! I ducked into an ally that was close to the Training Center to discard my shiny clothes. Umbella's words came across me again: "You should find out how." I dashed through the crowded streets of the Capitol to the side of the Training Center that had the balconies. I looked up, seeing the tallest one was probably a million feet high. Even if that was an exaggeration, just the lowest balcony was higher than me. I had quite a climb ahead for me. I set my fingers into one brick, then another, and pulled myself up. I pressed myself against the wall so my colors blended in. I passed up the first balcony, then the second, all the way past the eleventh. I told myself not to look down. If I did, I'd only be reminded more intensely than before that one wrong movement could make my guts splattered on the sidewalk below. Why did the wind have to be so strong tonight? So sharply cold, hitting my painted fingers, my bare face, making them stiff with frigid temperatures. I closed my, taking a deep breath. Reopening them after that was quite hard, mentioning how scared I was now. At any moment, I expected some to see me and scream, but none occurred. I've never been so high. The highest I've been was the District Three's balcony, when Peacekeepers rushed to it, tapped the platform's rim with some metal device to disarm the force field, and pulled me through into their clutches. My fingers just reached the iron bars of the District Twelve balcony when I heard a small voice. "Whaddaya doing, missy?" I squealed and lost my grip. A hand wrapped around my arm and pulled me up. "Sorry if I scared you." I looked right at the gray eyes of Hope Ideally. "Probably takes a lot of courage to make this climb." I grabbed the iron bars and hung there. Hope helped me up to the point my feet were placed in the gaps. "It does," I replied, gasping for breath. I looked down at the street. So far away… "Don't get yourself worked up," Hope ushered. Her voice seemed impossibly pinched for a young girl. "So, you need to talk to me?" "I-I-I always wanted to meet a tribute," I gasped "I mean, being one seems so good! Famous for your sacrifice to maintain peace between my city and your Districts!" "What peace?" "Huh?" "What is peace? What peace is in the constantly starving workers and children, crying from the pains of hunger, slowly withering away to death. Well, maybe the food in the Capitol is worth the price of being a tribute. Then again, being a tribute means dying quicker than suddenly slowly having your life expire of hunger that lasted for your entire life." Hope snickered. "It is the Hunger Games after all." I didn't understand. I decided to change the subject to something I've wondered for a while. "Wait, so what is life in the Districts?" "Probably want to ask all the tributes for their input instead of one strange little girl who never left District Twelve. Well, in Twelve, the poorest District in Panem, we have pretty much what I've just described to you: starving workers, crying children, emaciated people. There's also coal miners getting trapped and/or killed underground in mine explosions like my parents. Kids being thrown in dreadful community homes like me." Dropping my head, I sighed "I'm sorry." "For what? You got nothing about it. You did nothing to cause it." "I only wanted to talk to a tribute. I want to know what it is like to be them just from them. It's been my dream for a long time because I believe tributes are special." "You really, do you?" I nodded. "What must it be like?" Hope muttered something under her breath. "You really don't want to know. But I'll show you." Hope slipped out her pink stick. Up close it looked like a long twig spray painted rose pink and given a dab of glitter. The twelve-year-old waved it in front of my head then tapped my nose. At first, nothing happened except for a small pain on the tip of my nose. Then, it spread all over my face and finally my body. "What did you did?" I screeched. All of a sudden, I was somewhere else. Pressed in the dab center of a crowd of twelve-year-old kids. I realized I wasn't in the Capitol, I was somewhere else. It dawned on me slowly as the Panem video was playing. District Twelve's reaping. Once the video ended, Effie Trinket exclaimed "Ladies first!" and sent her hand into one of the filled reaping bowls. My stomach dropped in fear as I involuntarily crossed my fingers, hoping not me, not me, not me. "Hope Ideally!" At first, I sighed. It wasn't me. Then, I turned into this apprehensive, petrified little girl being escorted by Peacekeepers. My ashy, olive hands were wrapped around a pink stick. This one detail told me what was going on. I was Hope Ideally. I was experiencing her as a tribute. After I was plopped onstage, Effie called for volunteers. None came. Then she selected the next name. "Roger Sunners." No, not him, my… err, Hope's mind wondered. My eyes tracked a huge boy stepping onstage. He hissed at me "Hey, Lost Hope." He calls Hope that? my own mind wondered. Roger must be a bully. Community home? I didn't know at first, but a familiar, whispering voice in my head told me he was the seventeen-year-old bully at the community home. He calls everyone except his buddies awful nicknames. Like Lost Hope. "Ready to die? Because that is your fate, not mine." I shook my head, my eyes growing more fearful than before. I can't even consider winning with him around. He would push me of the pedestals if he could. He'll decapitate me in the beginning. No, he'll have me die a slow and painful death, laughing. Icy tears were streaming down my face as I was taken into the Justice Building, waiting for family or friends to come. After sitting on the couch for an hour, crying, I remembered that I have no more family. I have no friends. The ride to the Capitol was no better. Roger poked me, pushed me, punched me, and called me names, any if not all of the bullying techniques until Haymitch found out and separated us apart. He did the best he could to keep us separate when he was around, except during training sessions, where Roger had all the freedom too taunt me. It started out that way the first day, then Roger realized he too needed training. I was at peace. But that same day, Fuchsia Alloy and her District Partner, Platinum, went about. They were worse replacements than Roger by being better at, well practically everything, and shoving their skills in the weaker tributes' faces. Probably to make the