A/N: Though this one-shot is an extra alternate scene for my other story Forbidden, you do not need to read that for this to make sense. For those of you who have read my other story, this doesn't fit in with that story line, and didn't actually happen. It is just an imagining of what might have happened if Thea really had left Jake after only three days together. Waiting Jake's POV The first thing I did when I woke up was reach for her. And not just physically, rolling across the bed in search of her warm body, only to groan in dismay when I found only tangled sheets, but internally. I could feel her, every second of every day, awake or asleep, her presence in my heart a burning fire that never disappeared. Her tether – our tether – never weakened, never faded, and never broke. Her emotions were there, her spirit was there, she was there. Yet it wasn't enough. I pulled at it, pulled at her, wishing pointlessly that doing so would bring her back to me. It didn't work. It never worked. Thea was not here. She was not going to be here. It didn't matter that the imprint was so strong I could almost see her, see her long brown hair, luminous blue eyes, pale golden skin. It didn't matter that we were tied to together so closely, bonded so completely, that she was an extension of my own self. It was a lie. We were not together. The realisation spurred me into motion. I reached for the alarm clock perched precariously on my night stand with super speed, almost knocking it off in my haste. It was always like this when I remembered. The eager anticipation, the nervous worry, and angry impatience, mixing and coiling my entire being into knots as I took in the numbers that controlled my life. 5.42 I swore loudly, just barely resisting the urge to crush the alarm with my fist, or smash it into the wall. The desperate need within me all too often turned to rage in the morning, when the woman I needed almost as much as the air I breathed was denied to me. When the thing I wanted most was oh so close, and yet so far away. Only 3 hours and 18 minutes to go. Groaning again, I rolled over to bury my face into the bed, wishing I could go back to sleep instead of anxiously waiting. Sometimes I tried, eager for something, anything, to ease to want, but it never worked. Once the need settled in, there was no stopping it. Nothing could even hope to calm me, to soothe me, until the glaring red numbers changed to read 9.00, and the best and most important time of day was finally here. The time when I got to call her. The time when the emptiness that plagued me like a shadow finally disappeared. It hadn't always been like this. Before her, I hadn't known what I was missing. But now that I'd met her, and lost her, things could never be the same. It had hurt me. When she had left La Push, left me , the imprint had burned and ached so fiercely I almost collapsed from the pain. A wolf was not meant to be apart from his imprint, could not be apart from his imprint, and yet she had been moving apart from me. She had left me. And that was almost worse. Not just that she was gone, but that she had chosen to go, chosen to reject me. The pain of that was sharp, strong, consuming. For days that was all I felt, my hurt blocking out Thea so completely that I feared she was gone entirely. It was only that fear that broke me out of the agony and forced me to pull myself together. That, and the sound of her voice on the too rare occasions when I got hear it. And since that day, her voice that had become my life. Hearing her drove me, energised me, enlivened me. Her calls what I lived for. 3 hours and 14 minutes to go. Thea's POV I felt it when he woke. I always did, even in my sleep; the way he reached through the bond was impossible to ignore. The yearning pull, the desperate tug, the flood of hope mixed with despair. It was too powerful, too strong. It brought out my own fierce want, the secret desire I kept buried deep within me, but could never forget. Him. I wanted him. I wanted him as much he wanted me. But I could not have him. Shaking my head in frustration, at both the world and myself, I lurched from the couch with an angry groan. Without meaning too, I found myself pacing across my lounge room, my hands clenching into fists to stop myself from tearing my hair out. This had to stop. Wanting him, wanting things to change, it had to stop . This was the way it had to be. I could not go back, and I could not go to him. I had to forget about him. I had to stop wishing, and give it up. I needed to move on, move away, before I got myself killed. If only I could stop myself from thinking about him every second of every day. I tried, I really did. I wanted more than anything to forget, because knowing him, knowing what I'd given up with him, hurt deep inside. It hurt in every way. My body fighting the bond, the bond that was stretching and pulling, as I physically resisted the urge to turn right back around and run back to him. My heart breaking, because even after only three days, I cared for him, felt for him, and wanted more. And my mind, consumed with memories and knowledge about how wonderful and perfect a life with him could be; thoughts and visions that were torturous as the future slipped further and further away. But despite the pain, despite the hurt, I couldn't forget. And so I tried distractions. People, places, projects. Friends to meet, things to do, places to go. It didn't work, so I stepped it up. I started roaming the streets at night again. It was exactly the same as police patrol as an officer, but without the pay and official orders, and it was the most involved thing I could think of. Searching for trouble, getting into fights, following suspicious men, pretending to be someone else to get information; it was busy work, work that require attention and alertness. Until, even that became routine. I couldn't stop though; doing this was better than doing nothing, and I was getting desperate. I hadn't slept since yesterday morning, instead choosing to track a thief and drug dealer across the city all night long. It was pointless. There were thousands just like him in Seattle, and at the end of the day, I couldn't turn him in for all the illegal things he was doing, because I needed to not even exist in the eyes of the law. And yet, I didn't stop. I couldn't stop. I still remembered. I needed to forget, but no matter what I did, I couldn't. The imprint could not – would not – allow it. I could never be with him, but neither could we separate entirely. Even just the short distance between Seattle and La Push was hard, the imprint almost painful as it tried to force us back together. Jake had been so close, so close , to following me when I left, despite my desperate pleas for him to let me go, because the pull was so strong. I was sure he would have come after me, begging or no begging, if my reason for leaving hadn't been to save my own life. Because of that, he let me go. Sort of. When an unknown number had called my mobile twenty minutes after I crossed the border, I knew it was him. I could feel him through the bond, urging me to respond. I didn't. I didn't answer the next time he called either, or the next. Or any of the others that followed. It was only on the 67th call, when I figured I was far enough away that he couldn't try and drag me back, that I finally caved in. He was frantic. He was desperate and wild. He sounded as if he was being strangled. He begged me not to cut him off entirely, begged me to at least let him call me once a day so that he and his wolf didn't go insane from panic and deprivation. And I couldn't say no. I should have. I had known then that if we didn't completely split, it was going to make things a thousand times harder. But I couldn't, not with the way he sounded. I couldn't destroy him, as I knew ignoring him would do. So I agreed. I promised a strict half hour phone call every morning, with a silent vow to myself that they would be purely for him, and that I would not grow attached. That I would be an acquaintance, nothing more, and that these phone calls would mean nothing to me. Of course it was a lie. Because the phone calls were an hour now, double the length I'd agreed to, and they were the highlight of my day. Jake's POV I used to be patient. I used to be able to wait, to bide my time, in order to get the things I wanted. I used to have control. But not for this. 3 hours and 12 minutes to go. I knew that counting down the time was making it worse, but I couldn't stop. I wanted it so badly, needed it so badly, I couldn't think of anything else. I couldn't stop thinking about her, feeling for her, feeling her reacting to my pulling and pushing. She was already awake, though I didn't have a clue why. Patrolling and managing the pack meant that my sleep schedule was non-existent, so being awake this early was completely normal for me. Her, though… Why would she be awake? And she felt tired too, as if she hadn't been able to sleep. Worry coiled in my stomach at the thought, and though I knew it was probably unnecessary, the imprint wouldn't let me squash it down. I would always worry for her. It was probably nothing. She was tired, so what? She wasn't dying, she wasn't hurt. And it wasn't like I didn't know why; I had seen for myself the nightmares that gripped her, that left her screaming and terrified. But she wasn't like that now. If there had been even a hint of fear in her, I would've been on the phone with her in an instant, and if it had been anything more than a dream, I would have been bolting through the woods to Seattle as fast as possible. No, she was completely fine. Tired, but fine. Yet I still couldn't suppress the urge to call her. I wanted to make absolutely sure that there was absolutely nothing wrong. I needed to hear her voice, to reassure myself that I was overreacting as usual. I wanted to talk to her because it was her, it was Thea, and not a moment went by when she wasn't on my mind. But I couldn't. She had been very clear; one call a day only. It had been a struggle just to convince her to let me talk for one hour instead of half. She was so determined that we needed to be distant, to be separate. It seemed unlikely, impossible even, that she would talk to me if I called outside our usual 9-10 time. But I wanted it. I wanted it bad. I wanted her bad. Being apart