Visions of Love C1: The Pixie's Return Standard Disclaimer: I don't own any of the recognizable characters A/N: So this will be my second Twilight fic, and I've decided to go to a bit more usual pairing. There will of course be a lot of Edward/Carlisle bashing since i really, really hate them both. Some characters will be a bit OOC, but I hope you guys will think it will be in a good way. Since my HP fanfic is completely done, this is the one I will focus on for the foreseeable future. Right now I have about 4 chapters written, and to this point I don't know how much chapters there will be. So with that being said, enjoy and R&R. Bella's POV It's been three months since Edward left me alone in the woods and each day I am getting angrier with him. He took my family from me, the only ones who ever looked at me since I moved here. Add to that the fact that there is still a vampire after me because he thought it was best to separate me from the others while he made a failed attempt to protect me. The only good thing coming from this is that Alice secretly keeps in contact in me, and she told me a whole different story then he told me. The clever pixie that she is told me that she would send help and that she would see me soon. That was a week ago, and I'm getting a bit desperate. Every day the hole in my heart of their, and more specifically Alice's leaving grows bigger and even Charlie is starting to notice the change. I let myself fall back onto my bed and prop my feet up against the headboard, thinking about the family I lost due to an idiot boy who claimed to be my mate. As I am thinking about the Cullens, I hear a giggle coming from the window, a giggle I would know in my sleep, along with a divine scent that tickles my nostrils "Alice." I said almost in a whisper. "What a strange way to sleep Bella." She said as she gracefully stepped into my room. I jump up from the bed and hug her with every ounce of strength I still have left in my body. "Ali, is it really you?" I asked softly as the tears streamed down my cheeks. Alice smiled and pulled me close to her body "yes Bella, it is really me, and I'm sorry that I left, I should never have done that to you." She said softly. "But why did you do it? Why did you all leave me when you knew how it would affect me?" I said as I sobbed into her shoulder. She smiled and led me to my bed. "Because Edward convinced us that you didn't want anything to do with us, and of course me and the others fought against leaving, but we are bound by our Coven Leader's decision. And since Carlisle is the only one that sided with Edward, we were overruled none the less." I chuckled darkly at that. "Why does that not surprise me, Edward is and always will be his Golden Boy, but as far as I am concerned he can go walk into a fucking volcano." I said as I was pulled against the raven haired pixie. "And I agree Bella, that's why most of us have come back, which besides me is Rose, Emmett, Esme and of course Jazz. But before we can go and see them, which they are all very excited about I may add, I have to be honest with you. You and Edward were never mated, and he only let you believe that because he wanted your blood." She said softly. I smiled at that. "I knew that Ali, and I shouldn't have drawn it out for as long as I have, because I have come to a realization over the past few months, but I am afraid of what everyone might say." She smiled and pulled me into another hug. "You can tell me anything Bella, you know that." I took a deep breath before I started, knowing that this could mean the end of our friendship, but she had been honest with me, and she deserved the same from me. "The truth is Ali, that I like girls, and I understand that this will change things, but I just wanted you to know." I said as I felt a blush creep up my cheeks. She only smiled at that. "I'm glad you have the nerve to tell me this Bella, because I know how difficult it must be for you to tell me this. And since we're being honest, I think it's time you know something about me. Jasper is not my mate, he never was and he found his mate when we were in Denali. The truth is I like girls too, and more specifically you. I know this will be a lot to process in one night, but you are my mate, but I will understand if you have some reservations about this." She said softly. I smiled brightly and hugged her tightly. "I'm glad you told me this Ali, because I feel that for you too, and I have from the first time I met you. I was never in love with Edward for who he was, but only what he was, but my eyes were always drawn to you." "Is it bad that I really want to kiss you right now?" She asked with a twinkling smile. I blushed slightly at that. "No, actually I would like that very much." She smiled coyly and pressed her lips to mine, both of us smiling into it as I felt complete for the first time in my life. Far sooner than either of us would have liked Alice pulled back and smiled at me. "Thank you Bella, this is far more than I would have expected from tonight, I thought that you would be furious at us for leaving." She said softly. I smiled and kissed her lips again, finding myself already addicted to them. "And I was, right until the moment you stepped through my window, then I realized I can only be mad at two people here, and those two would do well to stay the hell away from me." I said as I pulled her close. "And they will Bella, we've split ourselves from Edward and Carlisle and elected Esme as our new Coven Leader." She said softly. I only smiled, but that smile quickly trailed off into a yawn, since it was becoming really late already and I had a very long and dreary day at school, although that wasn't anything new. Alice seemed to notice and smiled at me. "You're tired aren't you? It's okay, you get some sleep and I'll pick you up tomorrow to see the others again." She said as she made an attempt to stand up. I grabbed her arm, although I knew that wouldn't stop her in the slightest, but to my surprise she stopped her movements. "Will you stay with me tonight Alice, I would like to have a nightmare free night for once." She smiled at that. "Of course Bella, I would do anything for you, but I will need to borrow some pajamas, since I didn't bring anything but my radiant self here tonight." She said with a soft smile. "I probably have some in my drawer, since I rarely wear them anymore." I said softly. I saw that familiar twinkle in her eyes as she smiled at me. "And what do you usually wear to bed Bella?" She asked curiously. I blushed slightly at that. "Depends on the weather, in the winter usually sweats and a t-shirt and in the summer usually nothing." I muttered softly. She smiled mischievously at that. "So, during a night like tonight you would wear nothing to bed, am I right?" She asked softly. I nodded and blushed even brighter as she also undressed and then crawled into bed with me. "If you're not going to bother with clothes, then neither will I." She said before kissing me on the back of my neck. "I love you Ali." I said softly, not even realizing what I said until I felt her tense up behind me. "What did you say?" She asked in a whisper. Realizing what I said, I blushed brightly, not even daring to look at Alice, who quickly rolled me over so she could straddle me. "Did you just say that you love me?" She asked with a barely contained smile. "Yes Alice, I love you, I didn't really mean to say it already, but it is the truth. I love you with every human fiber of my being." I said softly. I was sure that if Alice could still cry, she would. "You have no idea how long I wished for you to say those words to me. I love you too Bella." She said before kissing me. "Thank god it's Friday and I don't have anywhere to be tomorrow, because I could get used to you lying on top of me all naked and kissing me." I said softly, for once feeling bold enough to comment on her beauty. Alice smiled and lowered herself so that our foreheads were touching. "And I love finally being able to lie with you like this Bella, it is something I have dreamed of from the first time I saw you. And I promise that I will never leave you alone ever again." She said before kissing me deeply. I couldn't help but moan into the kiss, and again feeling bold, I let my hands roam over the perfection that was Alice's body. Alice moaned softly at me. "Bella sweetie, I can see you can barely keep your eyes open, and as much as I love to feel your hands on my body, you need your rest. I promise that I will stay with your through the night, and tomorrow we can see the others if you are up to it." She said softly. I couldn't resist pouting at her words, but she gave me a quick kiss to make me smile again. "Okay Ali, we can see the others tomorrow and just because you said so I will get some sleep, although I want nothing more than hold you and never let go." I said with a slight yawn. She smiled at that. "And trust me when I say that I want the same thing, but you need your rest, and I will be right here to hold you for as long as you need me." She said softly. I smiled and gave her a last kiss before she rolled off of me and immediately pulled me into her arms, cuddling into my back as I fell asleep. Alice's POV In all of my undead years I have never been happier. I finally had my mate in my arms and she loves me as much as I love her. Even with my powers of foresight I have to admit that I hadn't expected to end up naked in bed with her, but I must say I am liking these turn of events. She feels amazing against my body, and I can't wait until I can love her like she deserves to be loved, which I intend to show her each and every day. I'm broken out of my musings by my phone, that vibrates in my pocket. Within a second I grab it and cuddle back behind my love, and as I look at the screen I see a text from Esme. 'How is she Alice? E.' I smiled at the text ' She's fine Esme, I told her everything, and she loves me as well. We'll come by tomorrow around noon. A.' 'That's good to hear Alice, but