New Beginnings: Bella's True Mate C1: Heartbreak Standard Disclaimer: I don't own any of the recognizable characters. A/N: So, this is a story that has been inside of my head for a while, and I finally felt it was time to share it. This will be the first time I will be writing in POV style, so please bare with me if some things don't seem right. I try to pick out any errors beforehand, but I know some will slip through. Since my focus is on Bonded Souls for the foreseeable future, I can't tell when the chapters will come online. I had three completely written and am still working on the fourth. For now, have fun reading this little scribble and leave me a review on what you think. P.S. There will be no wolves in this story, and no sparkly vampires. Bella's POV Two months! it's been two months since Fuckward left me in the woods and broke my heart. And while most girls I know would be inconsolable after their boyfriends left them, for me it was different. During the last few weeks that we were together, I got the feeling more and more that I didn't love him, so him going away was to be expected and if i'm honest a blessing. But by far the worst part of him leaving is that he took his whole family with him. I think back to Alice, my pixie sister who loved to torment me with hours of shopping and dressing me up as her own personal Barbie doll afterward, even going so far in actually calling me Barbie Bella. And Emmett, my bear of a brother who never failed to make me smile. I even started to bond with Rosalie, who had been a bitch in the beginning but once we talked she seemed to understand me and we started to form a friendship. She was actually the one that opened my eyes and made me see I didn't love Edward, I just loved what he was. And Jasper, we hadn't had much time together, but I understood the reasons behind it. We had talked some during the last weeks, mostly about History, which was something we both loved to talk about And Christian, he was the most mysterious member of my extended family, he had been as accepting of me as Alice had and I loved him dearly, but somehow he had some kind of hatred towards Edward, which by now I fully understood, and even supported, and if I would see any of them ever again I would tell Chris and Rose they were right all along. Somewhere I was glad Edward was out of my life, and looking back I knew I was more fascinated with what he was than I was in loving him. I wondered if they ever thought about me, or if they fought Edward on his decision on leaving. Maybe all they saw in me was a pet. Something that was fun for a while and to be discarded when it had lost its shine. I saw some movement outside my window and startled when I saw someone sitting in the tree opposite my window. I opened my mouth to scream but before I could I saw that is was Christian, which somehow lit a light in my broken heart. I opened my window for him and motioned for him to come in. I saw him smile and within a second he was inside of my room. The first thing that crossed my mind was to hit him and ask what the big deal was with leaving me like that. But knowing hitting his marble body would only hurt me, I hugged him, tightly like I had never hugged him before. Him being here made it all seem real again. "Heya Bells, sorry to barge in like this." He said in that sweet sugary voice of his. I just smiled at him "Hey Chris, it's good to see you too. Care to tell me what happened? Why did you guys just leave me like that?" I asked softly as the tears welled up in my eyes He took a seat in my desk chair and motioned me to sit too. I sat down on my bed and waited for him to start. "Well Bella, I know you want to know why we left, but I have a question for you first, if you don't mind. If you answer that I promise to answer all questions you have." He said with the kind smile I was used to seeing on his face. "Sure, I can live with that." I said a bit confused at his demeanor. He only smiled at me for that "It's a simple question really, but your answer can make all the difference. Did Edward break up with you or did you break up with Edward?" He asked softly. I frowned at that, surely Edward wouldn't sink so low as to tell the others a different story than he told me. Even he wouldn't stoop to that level, or at least, I hoped he wouldn't stoop to that level. "He broke up with me. He said I was dangerous to the family and that he had lost interest." I said honestly. I heard Chris growl and his eyes darken a little. "I knew it! That bastard lied to all of us. All of us except Carlisle knew it couldn't be true. He told us that you said we were too dangerous for you and that you didn't want anything to do with us anymore. None of us wanted to leave, we really didn't. But since Carlisle is the Coven leader, he forbade us to be in contact with you." He finished sadly. My eyes widened at that, I never thought Edward would stoop so low to tear the family apart over this. "Wait, you said Carlisle forbade you to be in contact with me, how is it possible that you're here? Aren't you supposed to obey your coven leader?" I asked a bit confused. He smiled at me for that "Normally yes, but I'm not officially a member of the Cullen's, so that's why I'm here now. Secondly, some things have changed since we left. There has been a huge fight two days ago and Carlisle and Edward have distanced themselves from the others, and for some reason they appointed me the new leader, along with Esme. She was the one that asked me to pay you a visit. She misses you terribly you know and would have come herself, but unfortunately I had orders to get you myself." He said with a kind smile. I couldn't take any more and I broke down in tears. Everything Edward had told me was a lie, did he even love me like he always said he did, or was I just a plaything which he would discard the moment he no longer wanted me. I felt how Christian's arms enveloped me in a hug and I relaxed against his shoulder. "Thank you for telling me the truth Chris, I really missed you guys. Please tell me you guys are coming back to Forks." I asked him through the tears. "I can do one better for you Bella, I know you have always wanted to become one of us, and I'm giving you that opportunity now. The others are in Italy with the Volturi and I have convinced them to hear your side of the story before making a decision. So I was hoping you would come with me to Italy and talk to them." He said with a smile. I looked at him in shock "Wait, you're asking me to drop everything and come with you to Italy? What about Charlie, what about school." I said with a quirked eyebrow. He sighed at that "To be honest Bella, it's either that or you will force me to carry out my orders. You see, I'm actually a member of the Volturi Elite Guard, and I have been for the last twelve hundred years. It's either come with me now or you die. And I really don't want to kill you. A certain pixie and Ice Queen would be really upset with me if I did." He said with a look on his face that showed he was telling the truth. I thought about it for a minute and figured that it was my only option to go with him to Italy, at least then I would see my family again, and if I was honest, Charlie and I hadn't bonded in the six months that I have been here, so I wasn't that upset in leaving him behind. "Okay Chris, I'll come with you to Italy, but mostly because I don't want to die." I said softly. Again smiled at me, although it was a bit of a sad smile. "Wise choice Bella, I have a private jet waiting in Seattle that will take us to Italy. We can leave whenever you are ready." He said softly. I nodded and made my way to my closet to pack some essentials. Christian's POV I had to smile while Bella packed her suitcase, I had been worried I had to knock her out and then take her with me. This was the best option for her and I knew her father wouldn't be home for at least a few days, the investigation in Port Angeles had him chained to his desk. Within a few minutes Bella was ready and she gave me a soft smile. "Ready Bells?" I asked softly. She nodded and I led her outside where my car was parked and she had to smile when she saw it. "I should have known you rented a car for this. A clean disappearance I guess." She said a bit sad. "Not at all Bella, it's just that my own car is in Italy, when I lived here with the others I usually hitched a ride with Alice and Jazz." I said as she buckled her seatbelt and spared her house a final glance before we pulled away from the sidewalk. The ride to Seattle was quiet and she fell asleep as soon as we crossed city line. I thought about everything that could go wrong from here on out. There were several things that could go wrong and he only hoped that Alice was right when she said everything would be fine. So far she had been but he could only hope everything would be fine. As we drove into Seattle a few hours later, Bella slowly woke up and she flashed me a slight smile. "You hungry Bells, because it will take at least another hour before we arrive at the airport." I asked with a soft smile. She seemed to think about it for a moment and then shook her head "Not really, I had dinner before you came to my house." She said softly. I only nodded and turned my eyes back to the road, figuring the sooner we would be in the sky, the better. About an hour and a half later we were in the air, and now I finally took out my yellow contacts, letting Bella see my red eyes for the first time. I half expected her to gasp, but I knew better than to doubt her. She had never been afraid or even phased at the revelation of us being vampires or me being in the Volturi. "You know Chris, red eyes suit you better than gold ever did. I don't know why, but this makes a lot more sense in a weird sort of way." She said with a slight blush. I smiled at her "Thank you Bella, I'm also very glad you now know the truth, to be honest those contacts are annoying." She only nodded and stared out the window, trying to calm herself down a bit. I could see