A/N: This is the first time I've written about Eomer and Lothiriel. I haven't actually read the books, but I've done a bit of research on them and I just had this idea about how it might have been for them. This will be a two parter and I am currently working on the second part, so I hope you enjoy this! A/N2: I own nothing besides my idea and anyone who I've made up... A/N3: Thank you Maddie Rose for helping me and looking over my work as I was getting frustrated and what not. You are the best! 3019 Dol Amroth Feeling a cool breeze blowing all around her, Princess Lothiriel of Dol Amroth did not move from her spot. When her father and brothers left to fight, she was put in charge. It was not because she wanted to be left behind, but it was what she was raised to do. Her mother had told her many times that she would be a lord's wife and if the stars aligned perhaps a king's. But in order to be that person she would need to learn how to rule in their stead, for there would be times that her husband would have to leave and she would not be suited to go with him. With the absence of her eldest brother, Prince Elphir, she had taken charge of the welfare of her nephew. It was hard to believe that Elphir's wife had only spent a few hours with her son before dieing in her birthing bed. The sudden death of Princess Gaelira was not just felt by the royal family of Dol Amroth, but by the people as well. Princess Gaelira was loved by the people of Dol Amroth as they accepted her upon her marriage to Prince Elphir. Taking a deep breath and then releasing it, Lothiriel shook away the unpleasant thoughts from her mind. In the past few years the bad memories were growing just as the darkness grew in the world, but she was clinging onto what good ones she had left. Watching the waves crash onto the sandy beach, Lothiriel could remember when she was younger how she would spend all of her spare time reading down there until someone came looking for her or even riding her horse along the shore. But for the past two years she found it hard to go down to the shore without thinking of the death of her mother. She had barely turned twenty at the time and two years had passed since it happened, the pain was still fresh as it had happened as recently as yesterday. "Princess," a voice said from behind her causing Lothiriel to turn and look at the servant who had interrupted her quiet. "There is a messenger from Gondor." Seeing that the servant held nothing in her hands, left Lothiriel confused. "Where is the message?" "He would not allow me to take the message to you," she explained. "He said that he would only had it over to you, Princess." "Bring my nephew to the hall once he has woken up." "Yes, My Lady." With a bow, the servant left the princess to her quiet once more. Looking out at the ocean one last time, she released a soft and small sigh. " I miss you mother." Turning around, she left her perch and made her way to the hall where this messenger from Gondor awaited her for the purpose of handing a message to her directly. Taking a shortcut that she had learned from her brothers in her youth, she made it to the hall in no time at all. "Princess Lothiriel," the man with light brown hair said in greeting as he bowed with the respect that her title required. "I bring word to you from your brother, Prince Elphir." Taking the letter from his hand, she gave him a small smile that didn't reach all the way to her eyes. "Thank you," she said. "I am sure that you are hungry and tired from your long journey. If you would like a hot bath I will have one of the servants bring hot water to one of the guest chambers along with a hot meal." "I would like that immensely princess," the man said. "Would that mean you will be dining alone tonight?" "I am never alone," Lothiriel said as one of the servants came into the hall with her nephew who was screaming his head off. "What has happened?" "We do not know," the young servant said as she handed the crying infant to the princess. "He has been fed and changed, but he will not stop crying." Smiling down at her baby nephew, Lothiriel stood in the same spot and rocked young Alphros in her arms. After a minute or two, the crying calmed down and then ceased altogether. "It would seem that he just needed the touch of his mother." "His mother died in her birthing bed," Lothiriel said to the messenger. "I am merely his aunt who has guardianship until his father returns." Without another word to the rider, she looked at the servant and told her to have the tub in their guest chambers readied for the rider as well as a hot meal and drink brought up to his room. Lowering her voice, she looked at the way the rider was looking at the young servant. "Be sure to have the male servants deliver the water and the meal." With a bow, the servant went on her way to make Princess Lothiriel's orders happen. Making her way to her bed chambers, Lothiriel smiled down at Alphros and in return he smiled right back to her. She knew that once he got older he would become a handsome young man. Her hope was that both his mother and her own would watch over him since they were unable to be in his life. Opening the door to her chambers, she walked in and then closed the door before walking over to the crib that had been placed in her own chambers so that she could tend to him herself during the nights. Gently placing him down into his bed, she waited a moment to see if he would fuss. When he did not, she pulled a blanket over his body before laying down on her own bed. Looking at the letter, she looked at the seal, it was that of her own house. The seal of Dol Amroth. Only with a slight hesitation did she break the seal and find the familiar script of her brother's hand. That in itself was a small comfort. Lothiriel, I hope that this letter finds you in good health and better spirits than when we parted. My heart longs to come home so that the burden of ruling our fair city and caring for my son will be lifted off of your shoulders, but I cannot yet do either of those things. The battle upon the fields of the Pelennor was successful, but it is not a time to celebrate for the war has not been won. There is to be a march upon the Black Gate so that the Halfling that has the burden of carrying the One Ring may see to its destruction. I know you do not wish to hear this, but we are all going to join in the fight to save the future. I hope that you find it in your heart to forgive me for what I am about to ask of you. If I shall fall, I wish for you to take over the guardianship of Alphros. I do not wish for him to be brought up by tutors and nannies. It was not how we were raised and I do not wish it for my son. Raise him and make sure he knows how loved he is, by both myself and by Gaelira. I know that it is a lot to ask, but I do hope you will do this for me. I will send this by messenger immediately and shall I return, shall any of us return we will send for you and Alphros to join us in Gondor to meet not only our new king, but the new King of Rohan. Be well my sister. Prince Elphir of Dol Amroth. Closing her eyes, Lothiriel tried to conceal the tears that threatened to fall from her eyes. Her brother was asking her to raise his son if he should not return and in her heart, she knew that he already knew what her answer would be. Getting off her bed, she checked on Alphros before walking out onto her balcony. She looked at the people that were still around Dol Amroth. They knew of the dangers they faced and they had sent their husbands, their brothers, their sons and their friends into battle and they were to hope for the best. Just like her. As her brother and father left to assist Gondor, Lothiriel held her nephew and watched as they boarded a ship that would take them closer to Gondor. It was painful for her to watch them go, but her father left four hundred men behind that were at her disposal while they were away. Her father was not going to leave it to chance that his daughter and his grandson would be able to get out if there was another attack from Corsairs. The last attack had left everyone heartbroken with the death of Prince Imrahil's wife and mother to his children. Holding the letter close to her body, she looked to the heavens and for the first time in two years she prayed for a victory against the Dark Lord Sauron. Lothiriel honestly didn't know how long they would all survive if Sauron's forces were successful. Letting the tears fall from her eyes, Lothiriel was not able to stop them even if she had wished to. For two years she had been strong, holding everything inside, but with the reality of knowing that her family survived one battle but might not return from the next one was hard to take. She did not want to ever think of what it would be like without her brothers and her father in her life. If they did not return then she would have to take up her father's place and rule Dol Amroth until Alphros turned eighteen. For now she would have to put on a brave face and pray that her family would come home. Four weeks. Four long weeks had passed since the last battle and Lothiriel found herself in the throne room with Alphros on her hip. He was different from when her brother had last seen him and today she would get to see his face when he saw his son again. It would be a sight to behold. Out of her three brothers, Elphir was the oldest, but he was also the one whom she was the closest to. Two weeks ago there had been another messenger from Gondor, only this time it was her father writing to tell her of the victory they had accomplished. In his letter he informed her that Gondor was to have a king again and the king would be traveling with her brothers and cousin to visit Dol Amroth along with the King of Rohan. The message had left tears in her eyes, but for the first time since the darkness had slowly seeped back into the world, they were tears of pure joy. Rooms had been made for the royal families and her brother's rooms had also been aired out. Even though her father had informed her that he would not being joining them in Dol Amroth, his room had been prepared for when he would return. But rooms were not just being prepared for the royals, but for the guests as well. "Princess Lothiriel," one of the guards said bowing to her before