AN: I am terribly sorry that I have not been good with my promise of keeping a good schedule of posting a new chapter or story within the last few months and I have sort of been just posting out of the blue, but to try and make up for it, I come to you with a new story that was fairly inspired by Fast and Furious 7 tribute song to the late Paul Walker *May you rest in peace my love* "See You Again" by Wiz Khalifa ft. Charlie Puth. Leah's POV: We laid cuddled together in silence, just listening to the sounds that nature had presented us in my backyard on a rather unusaually sunny and warm day. Normally in La Push, even the the mist of summer, it was cloudy and rainy but for about five days it haven't rained and it was slowly warming up, temperatures reaching almost 85 degrees. It was a perfect day to lay and relax in my white sun dress down and flowing naturally in the gentle breeze with my boyfriend of 6 years. This had been the only time we were able to find to lay together and relax without any stress from school or our parents about prom or graduation which was coming up more rapidly than I would have liked it to in the last two months, since I will be seperating from my friends and family and moving to New York for school and Black Cloud was staying here in Washington. Being that he is a year older than me, he had graduated from school last year and didn't have to worry about anything other than work and how our relationship was going to work while I was going to be going to school on the other side of the country. I lifted my head slightly from my boyfriend's, Black Cloud, chest to look at his face. His eyes were closed and he looked relaxed and calm compared to normally rigded and harden face. I laid my head back down on his chest and wrapped my right arm under his arm, and presumed to stare in amazement at the ring that has been held there for the last 7 months. I remember the day Black Cloud asked me to marry him. *Flash Back to December 4th* "Happy birthday to you! Happy birthday to you! Happy birthday dear Leah! Happy birthday to you!" My mother, father and younger brother Seth yelled waking me up on my 18th birthday. "Now blow out the candles, wish for something nice and hurry up and get dressed. We have a lot to do today." My mom said as she sat on the egde of my bed and placed the cupcake in my hand once I sat fully up. I rolled my eyes and shook my head gentle. Doing as I was told I closed my eyes and maked a quick wish before blowing out the candle. "But it is my birthday. Why should I have to do anything? I just want to lay in bed and loundge around doing nothing one last time before I have to act like an adult everyday for the rest of my life." I whined laying back down, pulling the covers over my head in the process. "Exactly why you have to get up and ready. It's time to start acting like an adult. Today. So get up and be dressed, down stairs. You have an hour." She said getting up to leave taking the cupcake with her. I whined again and stared up at the ceiling and waited until my door was closed again. I'm 18. I smiled to myself before finally getting out of bed and made my way to the bathroom. Just a little under an hour later I was ready, I sat on my bed lacing up my dark brown Doc Martin lace up combat boots that Black Cloud had given my a few days ago. When he told me he had to work and wasn't going to be able to see me until after 11. I sighed to myself putting my necklace that Black Cloud had also gotten me as an apology for missing my birthday. Before heading heading down stairs to join my family I checked my self in the mirror. I had left my waist length chesnut hair down in its natural curly waves but concelded some it with a black baggy beanie. I wore a light grey loose sweater which I had tucked into my black high waisted shorts with black sheer tights and black thigh high socks and my combat boots. I didn't bother with makeup this morning. I'd save the trouble until later tonight for dinner. But I did curl my lashes and put on some tinted lip balm and throw on a pair of gold midi rings on both hands. Quickly I gathered my phone, keys and purse before finally heading down the stairs. "Finally Leah! Jeez, what took so long to get ready? I get that it's your birthday and all but you look like you do everyday. I thought you would have done something different for at least your birthday." Seth complained while watching TV once I reached the bottom step. I rolled my eyes and ignored him. I went into the kitchen and stole a banana and a watter bottle from the fridge before trying to sneak out the house to try and catch Black Cloud before he left for work. But I was caught by both my parents. "Leah! Wait meha! Let me get a look at you!" My mom yelled stopping me. I turned away from the door to face them and smiled. "Mom. I really have to go. I want to see Black Cloud before he leaves to work. Can't this wait until I get back?" I begged checking the time on my phone. It was 9:04 and he normally left his house at 9:30 so I needed to leave now to try if I wanted to make it to Forks and see him for more than a minute. "It will only take a couple of minutes. Seth come here! Harry take pictures!" Mom said throwing her camera at him. He sighed and smiled at her before giving me a smirk and winked. I understood that wink and smiled back at him. "Yes love. Ok now stand close together and smile. Oh wait Sue, the batteries are dead can you grab some more?" Dad said twisting and turning the camera around to pretend to examine it. Mom huffed and quickly shuffled intot the kitchen. Dad throw me his car key and rushed me out the door. "Hurry up. She's going to throw a fit that you're leaving before she's taken any pictures. Happy birthday baby." He said kissing my head gently before shutting the door. "Thank you daddy." I whispered quietly to myself smiling as I walked to his car, started it and drove off. 10 minutes later I pulled into Black Cloud's driveway beside his truck. I quickly got out the car and jogged to their front door and knocked. A few seconds later Cammie, Black Cloud's younger sister and my best friend, answered the door. "Happy birthday! You're finally 18!" She screamed picking me up and spinning me around. We both giggled and laughed when she put me down. Cammie, although a month and some days older than me, she was only slightly bigger than me. in the case that she had more muscle to her body compared to my more toned and lean body frame. We both went inside to the kitchen and sat down at the table beside the rest of her family, excluding Black Cloud. Everyone else greeted me the same. "Thank you all." I said smiling while reaching over to steal a piece of bacon. My eyes wondered to everyone eating happily, chatting about their night and plans for the day. "He woke up late. He had just got in the shower when you got here. He'll be up in a few minutes." Their mom told me placing a plate of food in front of me. I smiled up at her and began eating like everyone else. "So what's the plan for today Leah?" Their dad asked me after a few minutes of eating in a peaceful amount of silence, other than the sounds of silverware on plates. I shurgged. "I'm not sure yet. Probably just dinner and movie." I said eatting some more eggs. I gave Cammie a a small smirking glance. Informing her that we defintely will be doing our bonfire party without letting our parents know. "What about the bonfire?" Josh, Cammie's boyfriend, said causing everyone to stop eating. Cammie and I both shot him a glare. He realized his mistake. "What bonfire?" Lucy asked before sipping her coffee. Black Cloud finally walking into the room smacking the back of Josh's head in the process of walking over to me. Josh winced at the hit while Cammie reached over and rub the spot where Black Cloud had hit him, whispering something in his ear. "Happy birthday baby." He whispered quietly to me before kissing me on the lips. I smiled into the kiss. We both pulled away at the same time and smiled at each other. "Aren't you late for work?" I questioned him looking at the time. It was 9:53. He was defintely going to be late for work which meant he was going to have to work overtime to make up for it. "I am but since I'm already late... might as well eat breakfast and enjoy some time with my girlfriend." He said pulling me up out of the chair before sitting back down and pulling me into his lap and drapped his arm over my lap and began picking food off my plate along side me. We finished breakfast within 10 minutes and everyone started to get up to leave to do whatever it was they had to do for the day. "Leah, give me 5 minutes to get dressed and then we can go." Cammie said while running upstairs to her room. That left me and Black Cloud alone at last. "You look beautiful baby." He whispered into my ear. Gently, he stood the both of us up. Hand in hand we slowly made our way to his car. I knew he had to go but I didn't want him to. It was just work. Once we made it to his car, Black Cloud hoisted me onto the hood of his car and stood inbetween my legs while clasping his hands on my lower back. This seemed to be our normal position because of the difference in our heights. Black Cloud stood at a outrageous height for any known Navajo or Quileute native at 6'6, while I stood at a very short 5'4. Having over a foot difference in heights we often are forced to strain ourselves to kiss or hug. Even in heels I still don't reach a comfortable height for us, so Black Cloud often picked me up or carry me on his back, when we're out and want to just hold each other. The tips of his fingers were trancing patterns on my back lightly. We stared into each others eyes. "I'll see you tonight, right?" I asked looking up at him. "Of course. Nothing in the world will be able to stop me from seeing you tonight. I promised you I would be there for dinner and I will. But don't expect me to be on time. Because you know I love to show up fashionably late. Tonight is no different." He said kissing me on my lips and rubbing my cheek with one of his hands. "Ok." Was all I could muster out. Something about his kisses drove me crazy and left me more than often speechless. "I'll see you tonight. Have a good day." He said pushing himself off of me