I own nothing. Long A.N. at the end. Sorry about the formatting. It was pretty in the original document I swear. Forgot how much this site hates aesthetics and cooperating The first time they met Johanna had been aiming to make an impression. Finnick wanted the Mockingjay curious about him – slightly guarded as all victors were, but uncertain enough to wonder if there was a possibility she could trust him. Johanna wanted her completely baffled and uncomfortable, wanted the girl to hate how brash and unashamed she was. Katniss seemed a little too big for her britches, like she was the only victor that hated Snow with a passion, like every other person who had won the games had sold their soul to the Capitol and she was the only one who had stayed true to who she had been before. Except she was the baby of the group, the most recent victor. She had no idea how things worked yet walked around like she was the best of them. She wasn't the only one who hated the Capitol, hated Snow, hated the games – she was just the only one stupid enough to wear that hatred for all who were looking for it to see. And Johanna was looking for it. She decided to make an impression that would piss the Mockingjay off like she pissed Johanna off and dropped her dress as soon as she slid in the elevator with them. Haymitch knew her well enough to know what she was doing and smirked, offering no complaints. Peeta seemed fixated on her – probably the first time the boy had ever seen a girl naked - it was easy to see Katniss certainly didn't like him enough to let them reach that stage. Katniss seemed annoyed and angry, both at Johanna's comfort in nothing but her skin and the boys' fascination with it. She mentally patted herself on the back as an awkward silence settled in the car. She knew that nudity made people uncomfortable in any situation, and that was amplified in the Capitol where people were expected to dress as outrageously as possible. They didn't know how to handle someone stripping all the glamor off and relishing in being bare so of course she reveled in doing so. Judging by Katniss and Peeta's attitude nudity wasn't big in their home district either, or maybe the Mockingjay really was as innocent and easily flustered as everyone said. Either way she could feel Katniss's disdain coming at her in waves. Johanna also wanted to make the other girl realize that the victors weren't just mindless drones, that they were genuinely unpredictable like Katniss was trying to be, that she better watch her back in the arena because her current attitude of trying to be above them all would only make enemies. Judging by the twisted look on the Mockingjay's face she was succeeding. As the elevator reached the 7th floor and stopped to let her off she offered a wave. "Let's do it again sometime!" She called over her shoulder, making sure to sway her hips on the way out. As soon as the doors slid shut behind her she stopped and turned to survey them. Interesting. She could have sworn she felt three pair of eyes on her ass as she exited. 0o0o0 The first time they fought together was exhilarating. She had missed the power in the feeling of throwing her axes and watching them sink into a dangerous target. She didn't particularly like killing, but when you have no choice it is what it is. Not to mention she wasn't too fond of Cashmere so it wasn't something that would weigh heavily on her mind. She had celebrated internally right after, over the fact that she had saved the Mockingjay's ass and hoped it would make her realize that not everyone else was as useless as she seemed to think. The next second she had to hold back more profanities as the idiot girl went running after Wiress's body to try to save the damn coil. They were trying to head a revolution and their chosen mascot had little regard for her own safety. Most people would have seen it as noble and selfless, perfect for someone who others were supposed to rally around. Johanna saw it as an endless irritation for those who were interested in keeping their movement alive, as well as a reliable reason to assume Katniss wasn't too bright. The girl was good with a bow but less so with anything else. She ignored the fact that the twinge of relief she felt when the Mockingjay didn't get scooped up along with Wiress's body was a little too strong to be just over the survival of their revolution. She cared about the girl no more than necessary to keep her alive until they broke out of the arena. Sure Katniss was attractive and skilled, but she was harsh, all rough edges and sullen temperament around people she didn't know, like, or trust. Johanna could admit to herself that she was the very same thing. That was why the two of them didn't get along, they had the same animosity towards people that only amplified in each other's company. Johanna knew how to handle hers, how to stop it from preventing her from making a few friends, but that knowledge was hard won, it had resulted in her losing everything she had. She didn't want Katniss to learn to hide herself the same way. 0o0o0 The first time one worried about the other it was pointless. Johanna ate dirt when the Cornucopia started to spin. She wasn't surprised the spinning island was a feature, the Capitol didn't play by any rules, but she was pissed that they chose that moment. They had been close to getting a good fight – she and Katniss had been on the heels of 2's tributes – yet they spun the arena anyway and that made Johanna crave the feeling of putting her axe in the game maker's face. They denied her a kill and took away her control in one fell swoop. She hated them. She was torn out of her thoughts by things tumbling past her, including the girl on fire. Shit. Lunging downward she yelled at Katniss and felt a sure of relief when the other girl's hand grasped hers. The next second it turned to panic. She had miscalculated. Katniss was heavy and they were far enough from the center that the force of the spinning Cornucopia had them in an iron grip and was dragging them further to the edge. Groping desperately she fought for something to hold on to, finally realizing that even if it couldn't anchor in a rock her axe could hook onto a protrusion better than her hand. Swinging it as hard as she could over the closest anchor she felt the fear in her chest loosen for a moment before another wave washed over them and she felt Katniss's hand start slipping from hers. Turning to look at the other girl she saw fear then resignation cross her face before their hands disconnected and Katniss was sent tumbling into the waters below. Screaming after her Johanna almost forgot herself enough to lunge into the water after her. A second before she let the island hurl her out to the lake she felt a shift in its motion as the force lessened and it began to slow. It stopped almost as suddenly as it had begun – taking maybe 3 seconds to lock back into place – and Johanna was instantly on her feet running out to the spot where the churning water revealed Katniss's head. As the other girl started to haul herself up she wrapped her hands around Katniss's arms and helped. Coughing fits overtook Katniss when she tried to gasp in air too quickly and Johanna placed both her hands on Katniss's stomach, helpless but wanting to fix it. "You're okay, you're okay," she started mumbling, before relief washed over Katniss's face and she reached out. For a second Johanna felt an odd tug in her chest, one that quickly turned into tightness when she realized Peeta was behind her. Releasing her grip she eased out of the way and let the two lovebirds comfort each other. She had helped enough already. 0o0o0 The first time they had a civil conversation Johanna knew one day she would want more. She hadn't forgotten what love felt like. It had been years since it had been aimed at her, but she hadn't forgotten what it looked like either. When a voice started screaming for Katniss she knew from the look on her face that they were in trouble. Finnick followed seconds behind as she took off, while Peeta stood in shock. Grabbing Beetee Johanna hauled him into the forest, yelling at Peeta over her shoulder to move it . They stumbled around, for a minute, crashing through the foliage trying to find their two missing allies before she realized it was quiet. The voices were gone. Turning to Peeta she started to ask what had happened before the look of horror on his face silenced her. He lunged forward suddenly, his body flattening in mid-air against a force-field that apparently didn't injure but did bar them as well as any sound they made, and vice-versa. She didn't bother telling him his attempts to try and stop Katniss from running into the barrier and subsequent efforts to comfort her were pointless. He knew as well as she did, but he felt as much love for Katniss as Katniss did for her sister and as Johanna once had and she knew he needed to feel like he was doing something. Even if it was nothing. She hadn't meant to let it slip to all of them. Finnick knew of course, but the rest didn't need to. Not having anyone in her life was her own business and the looks of pity and awkward silence made her want to start swinging her axe. She was feeling bitter about the brush off at the Cornucopia and being thrust back in time by watching the star-crossed lovers, she just didn't realize how bitter until she had told them all that the Capitol had no one against her. Her trip to get water helped, and she was almost refocused until the damn mockingjay asked about Annie. She would give anything to trade her situation with Finnick's, and at the same time would rather be forced into a third hunger games than be in his shoes. Thinking about her two best friends while having an civil – almost friendly if it weren't for the subject matter – conversation with a girl famous for her love story threw her off. When she miscounted the years since Annie's games by forgetting her own she knew she was in trouble. For a moment she had felt normal enough, enough like her old self, to forget her time in the arena. Considering Katniss out of the corner of her eye she sighed. Love was weird. And she didn't want to feel it again. 0o0o0 The first time one was annoyed at the other she refused to admit it was jealousy Johanna knew they were planning to take off. They weren't stupid enough to think this alliance of 5 could last and she wasn't as stupid as they apparently thought. Well as Katniss apparently thought. As she let Beetee talk at her she kept one eye on Finnick and one on the conniving lovers. She was counting on Peeta to talk his girl down, to point out that there were still two enemies out there and abandoning allies now would be monumentally stupid. When she saw Katniss's posture tighten then relax as Peeta talked she relaxed as well. The boy wasn't particularly useful in a fight but he was level-headed and thought things through. Without him she was