Silent Rebellion A war has been started against the Rebellions and the Capitol to fight for a new capitol. A saner capitol. Lives have been taken and so has love. When Finnick Odair finds out the love of his life is dead. He must fulfill her dream for a better capitol. But he is missing one little thing. His baby. When the capitol takes the only thing, he has left what will he do. How will he find her? And what will happen if he starts to see ghosts will he know what to do or will he go off the edge. (song: in the arms of the angel) -"She!" I said pointing to Eliza. "Is not stupid. She is my daughter. And I love her very much. She is what's left of Iza the girl who saved us all from an destructive Capitol she is a Miracle the best thing to happen to me ever since the day I met Iza."- Finnick Odair - "Today we give thanks to the girl who led us to Victory in Silence. Today we give thanks to The Silent Rebellion." -Katniss Part one The hurt The phone line was cut. Her last words where her own name. Iza Reffile. I sat there and put my head in my hands. A hand patted my back there was an explosion some where off in the distance. I believe she had a little time left and I hope we found her soon. "It's going to be fine. She is going to be fine." Someone said to me." I nodded and get up. I cannot believe I'm losing the one thing I have left besides my baby which Katniss was protecting. We all dismiss from the phone and I walk up to Katniss. "Alright Katniss I think she would want me to have the baby now you had her for six months that's enough." I said she stared at me. "I thought you where looking after your own baby." I shook my head. "No she gave you the baby last." "Uh not my baby Finnick." Then I exploded "Are you saying that my baby girl has been missing for six months!" she looked around and so did I. I ran off going into my room trying to see if my baby was hiding someplace. "Eliza! Eliza! Where are you baby girl!" there was no crying no cooing just nothing I run up to Haymitch. "Haymitch!" I yell. "If one more person yells my name…what!" "Have you seen Eliza?" "Now is that the name of you baby." I nod. "Ew. a little Iza running around. Maybe she has taken after her mother and took vow of silence." I stare at him "So that's a no." I said frustrated. "No." he said. "What?" "The question is if I have seen you child yes I have." "Oh good where is she." He sighed. "With her mom." "What! The capitol has my baby! What the… no way." He nodded. " the baby was last in her arms not Katniss's." "I swear she told Katniss to have the baby." He shook his head "no I heard the cooing and saw her in her arms when she was taken. I tried to warn her…" he trailed off. How could I let this happen? The capitol isn't going to take any thing from me. Not my fiancé, not my baby, not my hope and definitely not my future. "We need to find them now!" "Everyone is trying their hardest Finnick we know lives are at stake ok what more do you want." "I want her to be ok. And my baby too." He sighed got up and left. Everything was completely fine a year ago and now people don't know what to do. We need Iza. As I walk around in panic Katniss says. "Calm down Finnick did you find her?" "Yea with the capitol." "Damn." She said. Then the guy named Gale ran up to Katniss, looked between her and me, and said. "We think we got them." "Who." Katniss said "The capitol." We all run to the main station. "There in one of the unknown islands." Peeta said. "The Capitol is chicken they're hiding from us, why don't they show their face and fight like a man!" I said. "no we will go in after them do an surprise attack." Peeta said. I nod "and get my fiancé and baby back." Peeta nods. So we leave our hiding spots and we go in. when we get there we land only 100 feet away the rest we walk. I grab my tridents and we sneak in. Katniss shoots one of them with her arrow then another. Using the guns from the hotel Haymitch shoots someone and another. I stare at him. "we where going for a quite attack." I said. He just rolls his eyes and keeps shooting. I look around to see if I can find Iza while everyone else was fighting. I see a small room. I enter it. there was no one in it but someone who was tied up. "Iza!" I start to run toward her but stop short when I see the blood surrounding her. Then at the top of my lungs I scream No! Iza! No! Not my love! No!" I run up to her and I hold her lifeless body in my arms. Tears ran down my face as I see her no longer shining blue eyes. Then there was a stir. "Hello?" I said. "You found her good for you. Now how would you like to join her." I turn around to see President snow coming at me. But he stopped then he fell on his knees then onto his face. I notice there was an arrow protruding from his back. I look up and see Katniss. "I'm so sorry." She said. I sighed. "it's not your fault." I said looking down. The chances are if the got her the have my baby. How dare they take away the things I love? There are going to be major consequences. And innocent people are going to die. Part two The ghost Once we killed the last of the Peacekeepers. Whom I say where not doing a good job of keeping peace. We back on out of there and head back to our hovercraft. I sit in my room with my head in my hands. Then the door opened. "Hey." I looked up and saw Katniss. "Hey." I said. She just stood there starring at me. "Can I help you with something." I asked her. "I'm sorry." "I told you it's not your fault." "Yea I know but…" she trailed off. I sighed. "Are you going to be ok?" I shrugged. "She would want you to be ok." I nod. Then Peeta comes in. "Where all having a feast if you want to come." He said to Katniss. "Finnick are you ok?" I shook my head. The Katniss whispered something to Peeta and he mouthed oh. I sighed again. "You want to come to the feast." Katniss asked. I shook my head. "Nah I'm just going to bed." I climb into the bed. The same bed that only six months ago Iza slept in right next to Eliza, I stated to cry. I cried all throughout the night. My soul could not believe they where both gone. She was the only one of her kind. No other girl could have ever been like her. She seemed so jovial but I knew that not how she felt. I wonder if she was scared to die. I wonder if they tortured her or if her death was quick and painless. I cried some more wishing she were here. Then I hear a commotion. I sit up. Then there was a rustle in my bed. Was some one in my bed? I get up turn on the light. There was no one in my bed. When I turn around to turn off the lights, I see Iza. "Iza!" she just made a face at me and stared at me. She was wearing her gray sweater and her black sweats. Her long black hair fell slightly in her face. "Iza! I thought you where dead!" I try to hug her but she moved out of the way. "What's wrong?" I asked her. she just looks at me then she skipped out the door. Funny thing she didn't even open the door. I follow her then I loose her. "Iza?" I said I hear humming. I decide to follow the humming. Then I listen closer it's the same melody Iza sang to Eliza tears begin to sting my eyes. when I finally find her she was standing by the door to exit the hover craft. She was humming. "Iza you know the capitol took our baby." She stopped humming and looked at me. "She is dead." She crossed her arms at me. Then she pointed outside. "not sure what that has to do with our dead baby." She looked down then she leaned close into me and touched my face. I saw a vision of what looked like the capitol. Then a basement, a small box. Then I hear the crying of a little baby. When I came too I was so confused. "What does that have to do with anything?" I ask her. but when I look around, she was gone. "Iza? Iza!" then someone comes out of his or her room. "Finnick?" They say it sounded like Peeta. "Yea." "What are you doing out here at this time of night ?" "Iza was out here." I told him." There was a silence. "I thought she was dead." He said. "Me too." "So she's alive!" Peeta said. "I think so I just saw her…" then I run into him. "Whoa your there." "Yup." "She was right here a minuet ago now she's gone." There was more silence. Then the light was turned on. Enobaria was standing there. "What's going on out here you guys are making so much noise." "Iza." I said. "Who what about her." she said "She's around here somewhere." "Iza!" I yell. "Yo! Your goanna wake the dead." Enobaria said. "Maybe he already has." Peeta says. I sigh. "Your right maybe I'm seeing things sorry I woke you guys up." Enobaria just went back to her room. Peeta shrugged and said. "Hey, you've been through a lot, you need some rest." I nod and go to bed. That night my dream started out beautifully. I was walking along the sand of the beach letting the waves hit my feet gently. In my hand was Iza and in her arms was Eliza. We where all walking upon the beach. When all of a sudden Iza got on a boat and started to drift away. I tried to call out her name but no sound was coming from my voice. They where drifting further and further way from me. I keep trying to call out there names but yet again no sound. They where drifting away into a whirlpool then they started to sink. I kept trying to scream out there name but no sound would leave my mouth. I woke up in a daze and confused about where I was. Then I remembered where I was and what was going on. The heartache comes back once more when I realized the people I love most are gone. And they are never coming back. Tears started to fall down my face again. Could I really go on without them? I sighed. Then I get up out of bed. I rub my face with water from the bathroom. I was really considering not living anymore. I sighed once again. If I die, I could see Iza, Mags and Eliza. I wonder if there's any bullets left in my gun. I go and find it. It was placed underneath the bed I take it out. I check to see if there are