Seducing lust Ninlick Popeare is a sexy male who is out if this world. Literally. He finds Eliza and is bound on trapping her using his good looks. The planet tutestiga or known as planet 9 in galaxy 42 k y has made a plane to overthrow the entire area of Panem, by capturing Eliza. Will she Fall for Ninlick's ways or know what to do before it is too late. ( Phone home by lil Wayne) "you would think I'm dead. But I'm not." – Ninlick Popeare Chapter 1 The Alien Holding this girl in my arms never felt so…wrong. The things I had to do so I could go back home. Home The word never sounded any sweeter. I miss every it every day. It sucks to be stuck hear on this miserable plant in this miserable place. I no longer want to be here. But I must if I want to see the one I love the most my precious darling Piea. He must be missing me ever so much. I miss him to. I let go of Eliza and look her in her bright blue eyes. I brush her bronze color hair. And kiss her soft plush lips. She was everything I guy could want. Her hair, her lips, her eyes, her body, her legs and much more. However, I did not want her, I wanted home. But to get there I would need to have her. So therefore, I needed her. I press her body up against mine. "I love you Ninlick." She whispers in my ear. I clear my throat and say, "I love you to. You are my everything." The trick was for her to fall in love with me and take her back to my home. Therefore, we could find out the secrets of Panem and own this land. She sat on my bed and took out a book. The book said burned by P.C Cast and Kristin Cast. I sat down beside her. "Is that a good book?" "Yea I been ready the whole series their Effie's." she smiled. "ok well you read I'll be downstairs." She nodded and I left closing the door behind me. Instead of going down stairs I headed in the attic and took out my communication device for my planet. Planet Tutestiga. Alternatively, as people from this planet call it planet 9. "Hello?" "Ninlick how is your mission going." That was my tallest he is the ruler of planet Tutestiga. We called him My tallest because he was the tallest one of us all. "Good my tallest I have the girl right where I want her she is technically eating out of the palm of my hand." "Now why would she be doing that we don't want her getting fat." "No, my tallest its an expression. It mean I got her where I want her, where we want her my tallest." "Good this is sounding good soon you will be back here with your family and loved ones." "Um… my tallest?" "Yes." "Is Piea doing ok?" "I do not have time for personal business." "Right strictly business." "Thank you for checking in Ninlick." "No problem my tallest." Then he exists out. my planet, planet Tutestiga was far away in whole other galaxy. It was in galaxy 42 k y it was called this because of our language we spoke when written we mostly numbers and our galaxy from afar looks like a k and a y. I think it's the best planet ever. Us we normally ate skittles and cupcakes and other junk food but here they have a various amount of foods you can try out others are better then some. I walk back down stairs and open the door to my room. I find Eliza there still, reading. "Have you had breakfast yet?" she smiled and shook her head. "Starved." She said, she stands up and says. "I could use an omelet." "good. Do you know who to cook one." I shook my head. '"to be honest I don't like to eat I'm surprised no one has notice but the last time I actually ate was when I was eating breakfast the day before I rescued my father." She was opening up to me that was good getting closer and closer to the finale step. "well I don't do you know who." "I think Peeta does." "Ok. If we go over their promise you wont with have sex with him." she nods at me and makes a discussing face. "Good. Lets go." So we headed out for Peeta's house. When Eliza knocked on the door Peeta answered with a questioning look on his face. "What do you want." "Omelet." Eliza said "Um cool." "Make us some." "Why." "Because we want omelets." "No thanks." Eliza eyed him. Then she barged into Peeta's hose I follow her. she sat down at the table and rolled her eyes. "Get out of my house now Eliza." Peeta said. "Not until you make us omelets." He grunted and rolled his eyes and went off into the kitchen. "Of course your man is going to listen to you." "He is no t my man." "Right." I said sarcastically. I smile at her doing my cocky smile. She just blushes and giggles. Peeta came back out with two omelets and said "Bon pâté." "We are not in sock!" "What." He said "Shut up." She takes a bite out of her omelet. "What was that all about." I ask "What?" "The sock comment." "I have no idea." "You have problems." I said she looked at me. "What." "Nothing." She lifted a brow. 'What did I do." "Nothing Ninlick." She said slightly sarcastically. "Ah ok." I start to eat my omelet. I notice that Eliza only took like a couple bites of her omelet. "Are you going to finish that." "I don't know here." She handed me her omelet. I put it on my plate and continued to eat. "Is that her omelet?" Peeta asked me. I nodded mouth full of omelet. "Why do you have her food." "She didn't want it." "Don't you eat?" Peeta asked her. "You just notice that." "Dose Finnick or Haymitch know you have a eating disorder." "I don't think so and I don't care." "Well I bet they so you should go tell them." "I don't even want to be with them my dad is trying to take me back home with him but I want to stay with Haymitch." Peeta sighed and I gulfed down some more omelets. "So your with him." Peeta Pointed at me. She nodded he rolled his eyes and walked away." When I was done, I burp loudly and say. "Good omelets Peeta." There was no reaction. I stood up. Looked at my watch and said. "Shouldn't you be in school." "I never went to school." I stare at her. "Would you like to try for one day?" she jumped up and down "Yea." "Then go to my house and get ready." She squealed. And we walked back to my house. I unlocked the door and headed then I hear some one calling Eliza's name I turn around to see who it is. It was Finnick. "What." She said. "Why are you staying with him you barely know him." "He's better then you." "What are you doing anyway." "Getting ready to go to school." "No thanks to Haymitch." "Remember you make want to die." "you should come live with me. Like you did when you where five. It'll be just like the good old days." "no it will never be like then you hurt me and sacred me by making a huge mistake." "I know no body's perfect cant you forgive me?" "no what you did was unforgivable I hate you." She calls him a swear word and comes in. she takes a deep breath and screams. "I hate my life I just want to die!" Chapter 2 The home I walk up to her and put my arms around her. "It's going to be ok just relax." I told her stroking her back. I hummed a catchy tuned as she cried. It seemed to as she started to calm down. "You know I love you baby." "Of course Ninlick you're the only reason why I live." I rolled my eyes. I reach for her zipper in the back and slowly unzip her dress. "Ninlick what are you doing." "Everything I know you want me to do." She giggled and backed away. "I'm going to go upstairs and get ready for school." "Hurry you're late." I sat in my living room alone and thought. So far, my mission was a going good. That was good. However, the bad thing was that I was so far from Piea. I know he hated each day we where apart. I sighed. "I miss you Piea." I said to myself. Then. Eliza comes down in a mid thigh pink velvet dress." "What's with you and velvet dresses." "I love velvet." "Oh hold on." I rush into the basement and grab a dark purple skinnys, a light blue tube top, and five inch black wedge heels. "Here. Put this on and do your hair in loose curls." She looked at me questioningly but nodded and grabbed the clothes and went back up stairs. I sat down stairs for a while then she came back down. The baby blue tube top looked great against her golden skin tone and so did the low rider dark purple skinnys. I smile. "Damn." "What." she said alarmed. "You look so hot I think your going to set this place on fire." "Uh…no I'm good. Can I go." I nodded and she left out I grabbed my keys and as about to leave when I heard screaming. I ran out. There was this African American yelling at her and she was yelling back. " For the last time are you with him!" "Fine you want the truth yes, I am with him I even made love with him." "Great to know your cheating on me." "Whatever you don't deserve me." She said. the guy looked at me and I shrugged. "Your so dead." he said charging at me. Me. I block his punch and hit him square in the gut being careful not to use my inhuman strength. He gets up slowly and shakily. "This isn't over punk." He said as he toppled away. I grab Eliza's hand and walked her to school. I kiss her goodbye and she heads in. this is good it will allow me time to work on my travailing device. I walk back home then back up the stairs and into the attic. I grab the device I used to come here, a screwdriver, and other tools and begin to work. The Devise was use to start up the ship. I had to rearrange some wires and tighten some bolts and screws. When I thought everything was right, I turned it on. It started to hum and then made a whirring noise. Every thing was working properly. I quickly turned it off so no one could see it's bright glow. I head down stairs and looked at the clock in the kitchen. It was two in the after noon. Eliza would be back in a couple minuets I should go pick her up. So I grab my keys lock my door behind me and head out. Halfway there some one calls out. "hey punk!" I turn around to meet a fist coming strait toward my face. When it met my eye I stumbled back and shook my head to see who it was. The African American guy was yelling at Eliza earlier to day. I just had enough about this fool. I stomp furiously at him pick him up and throw him against a tree. When he hits the tree I hear bones being snapped. He groaned loudly. I ran over to where he was. "No!" he