The Father the Daughter and the motherly sprit Eliza is now close to her dad. Her biological dad that is. But what happens when the new girl Pash tries to ruin that. Tries to take him Eliza only father away from her. What happens to them all? (Song Bleeding love) -"I'm not going to cry I'm going to stay strong I can get through this All. by. Myself."- Eliza Chapter 1 The miracle It was over I only wanted my father and I could no longer have him. Yet again he was seduced by some girl. I never got what she met my "she was taking him away from me." But I knew it met that I was going to be alone. Once again. That is a truth I could not handle I've been alone most of my life I didn't want to be anymore. I just got my father back and no he is leaving me for some broad. I didn't want to face the facts so I jumped of the roof of my house. The pain was excruciating but only lasted for a second. I sure thought I was dead when I open my eyes and I saw my mother's face. "Mommy what are you doing here." She didn't say anything but hummed me Mythilpylaneia. I couldn't help but feel empty inside. There was something missing and I didn't know what it could be. "Mommy were am I?" she stopped singing and looked at me. "am I in heaven." "Every moment I see your face its heaven." She said. I smile then things got blurry. I tried to blink the blurriness away. "Mommy daddy and I love you ever so much there's not a day that goes by that we don't think of you we miss so much." "I know." She said she was so blurry I kept blinking. But she kept turning blurrier. I cried out. "Mommy!" then there was a ceiling and a ceiling fan damn hate ceiling fans. There were so tacky. I groan and then I hear my name. then again but a different voice then I remember Peeta Haymitch all the ones I love then Effie and I swear I almost puked in my mouth. Then I remember my daddy I was going to shoot up and yell his name but then I see a face. It was Pash. Her words stuck in my head. " who is the one person you love the most. Is it your father? Well that's too bad, I'm taking him from you. Yes I am. He told me that he doesn't want you, I'm really not lying I wish I was, he says he want you gone and you ruined his life. he called you a mess up and a mistake he called you a broken condom." And she was right my daddy didn't love me then I screamed out the one person I knew who will comport me. I sit up and scream. "Haymitch!" "what?" he said. I point to my daddy. Then I see a blurry figure that looked like Haymitch. "what about him?" "he doesn't love me." Haymitch moved. And I see Pash sitting on his lap. I scream out in pain. Not only physical but emotional. "What did you do now?" Haymitch said. "What I don't know Eliza I love you." I cuss at him. "I hate you why is it that your intention is to hurt me!" I said "It's not!" He said I feel arms around me but they weren't Haymitch's I assumed there where Peeta's . I started to shake. "calm down." Peeta said."Explain yourself." "I don't need to Extrapolate he hates me." I said. "I never said that!" he said. "you told Pash!" I said sobbing. "Pash is a immature jealous hag from hell she is so jealous she will tell everyone on Panem you fell in love with your dad which I know is a lie Peeta knows it's a damn lie and anyone who knows you know it's a lie. Pash you're a …" "you told everyone my daughter wanted a intimate relationship with me." My daddy said to Pash interrupting Haymitch. Everyone stared at her, I cussed. "I love my daddy I hate you all." I try to get up but I fell over. "Leg is broken." Someone said. "Kill me!" I yell. "She is a suicidal freak." Pash said. "Did you say that?" Finnick yelled. "no why would I." there was a commotion in the room then Effie said. "You told me." "And me!" Peeta said helping me back up. I sit up my back against the bottom of the couch. "out I want you out of my house I want you out of my life and my daughter's life and go kill yourself you're the damn freak here." She just stared at him her eyes began to water. She spun and left. I saw someone walked over to me. I think it was my daddy. "Go away!" "Your seriously not believing her are you?" I just stared at him. He then walks out. "I really hate my life it's been this way since was born can I not be happy." "You can if you choose to." Haymitch said I look at him. "says drunken man." "I choose to be the way I am." I look at him. "Don't let what Pash said get you down it wasn't true." "But what if it is. What if no one loves me and your all putting on a act." "Well I know I'm not." Haymitch said. "me too." Peeta says. "But my daddy he…" Haymitch interrupts me. " loves you ok." I sat on the couch and sighed. "I really wish I would of died." I said. Haymitch rubs my hair. "shh no you don't just lay down and rest Miss. Everdeen said it will take up to six weeks for you too heel. If you need anything your father will be here so don't be all snooty and ignore him, if you need him he's here." "Are my trials and tribulations done yet I'm too fragile." "If you where too fragile you would of been dead by now from other things." Peeta said smiling at me giving me a piece of bread. I blink. "yea but… I feel empty I don't want to live with this emptiness." Peeta sat down next to me. And Haymitch fixed himself another drink. "That emptiness you feel." He looked over at Haymitch. "it because you have so much potential and you have yet to releases it, once you done what you're here on this earth for, you'll feel whole." I look at him and blink away my tears and Haymitch sits next to me smelling like Whiskey like always. "do you feel whole?" I ask Peeta but Haymitch answers. "I only feel whole when your around and safe and well and not crying." I look over at Haymitch. Take his drink and guzzle it down I choke and cough. "What the hell is wrong with you!" Haymitch said. "don't drink that ever!" he got up and went into the kitchen to make another drink. Still coughing Peeta pats my back. Haymitch sits down holding the drink in the hand furthest from me. I started to calm down I say. "What is that! Its gross how do you drink that! How are you not dead!" "That's not going to concern you because you are never going to drink again." Then Finnick Comes Back in. Haymitch looks at him and stands up. "I don't want to see you go for a downward spiral. You're a great strong girl who is very smart and talented don't waste it." Then he leaves. Peeta stands up and says. "To answer your question." He looked down at the ground swallowed hard and continued. "yes I do feel whole." He smiled and left. I blinked and laid down. "Do you want anything?" my dad asked. "Yea you gone. "Look I love you…" I interrupted him. "You just acting." "I'm just being your father." I stare at him. "I love you and there s nothing you can do about it if you don't believe me then too bad I know I love you everyone else knows I love you and really as long as I know I'm ok with it." Then he walks upstairs. I sat there thinking about what he said. I had a chose to make trust him and risk getting hurt and maybe being loved, or hate him for possibly lying to me. Then that's when the front door opened. I look over and see Pash. I blinked. She walked furiously to me. "listen to me you made me lose everything I loved. This is all your fault punk and you're going to pay." She looked up the stairs to what I assume was to make sure my Daddy couldn't hear her. "if I can't have Finnick neither can you, no one can." Then it sounded like my daddy was coming down stairs so she hurried out the door but before shutting the door behind her she turned around and smirked. Chapter 2 The girl(s) Over the next six weeks I had my dad wait on my hand and foot. Well mostly leg but still. It took forever for me to be able to walk again. Katniss and Prim helped me with my therapy. Prim really nice she is one of my best friends. When I get home I go in the back and make I drink. I see Haymitch do it all the time. A little this a little that. When I was done I plug my nose and gulp it done. I squeeze my face because of the horrible taste. And take a seat in the living room. Daddy was out with Katniss or as he would say Crapness doing 'adult stuff' as he would say but I totally know what they're doing. I bet Panem is under attack and there off to save it or whatever. What so special about Panem anyway it sucks here. I keep drinking and I start to read the rest of Awaken. After a few hours of reading and drinking I start to feel light headed. I try to stand up but it felt weird. Then there was a knock at the door. I wobble over there. It was Haymitch. I try to talk but I had no idea what came out of my mouth. "Uh…ok….you want your things from my house" good I could understand him. I fall over and laugh. Haymitch Picks me up and says. "have you been drinking?" I made a little signature with my thumb and pointer finger." "Holly hell!" I laugh. "Hell…. Not…Oily." he looks at me. "we are going to talk to your dad." I shake my head. "yes we are you can't drink I don't want you to do this to yourself." I blink then Katniss walks in with my dad. Haymitch stares at him. They both stare back. "What up." He said. "She's drunk." He said my daddy looks at me. "Eliza!" I nod. "Are you drunk." I tilt my head from side to side then fall over. I hear Katniss giggle. "Crapness! Stop laughing at my daughter." I look at her she was holding in her laugh. "Ok Fin Paste." She said. He helps me up and sits me on the coach at this point the room was spinning I felt nauseas. Then the next thing I know leaned over and threw up. "Are you kidding me! This day just keeps getting worse! I just got these shoes!" I hear Haymitch yelled but I just lay and down and fell asleep. When I wake up. I have a pounding headache I sit up and run to the sink in the kitchen. Throw up in the sink. Then I head back to the coach and fall asleep. When I wake up again I hear voices. "Are you going