Unspoken Voice Iza Reffile is known as that one girl or some girl. No one from her own district knows her name. She has been reunited with the man of her dreams Finnick Odair trying to run away from Panem. And the Capitol knows. Katniss, the Symbol for rebellion and Iza the girl with unspoken voice, take journey to find the Unknown islands and over throw the capitol. But, if they enter what will happen to Iza when they return. if they return. (Song: Celine Dion Because you loved me) -"I could not scream nor talk. I was silenced the last thing I see before I enter the blackness of death was my baby happy little face." –Iza Reffile "oh, I know you have been all wondering what my name is My name is Iza, Iza Reffile." –Iza Reffile Part one The kiss There is nothing around me nothing but darkness, loneliness and the pain I always feel. Emotional pain that is. Where is he where is my hero? The one I trust the one I love where is he. Not here. Not in my thoughts? How could that be? I love him too much to let him go. I look around still nothing but darkness. Wish some one would save me I wish someone would care. I have no idea why all this black nothingness surrounds me I'm alone. Like I always am. Am I dead? I hope so. To bad I will…. wait Finnick is dead to. So are Katniss and Peeta. I'm glad I'm dead then I'll see them soon. If I am dead, why don't I see them? Crap. Then there was a slight light. I wanted to go towards it but I wanted to back away from it. I gasped as I reached the light. Light, no more darkness? Great. I open my eyes and look around. There are tubs in my arm. I try to sit up but it was no use. There was too much pain in my arms and my throat and in my heart as I remembered Finnick and the way he looked dyeing. God no. I don't want to live without him. And Katniss I remember her body all limp and bloody. The kiss. I remember the kiss I gave her to let her know she meant a lot to me. I know she couldn't feel it but I had to tell her she was worthy of me and I trust her. I lie in this bed with nothing on but a gown. I cried myself to sleep again. When I woke there was sounds no voices I could hear them talk. "Is she dead?" "No she is quite stable actually. She should be waking in any moment." "Really!" this male voice sounded ecstatic. Then the door opened and then some one sat next to me. They took my hand and said "I'm not leaving your side until you wake and then when you wake I'm not going to leave you I'm going to be right here by your side forever and ever." I turn my head to see who just said that. "Iza! Your up!" I blinked a couple of times I still couldn't make out who that was. " I love you so much don't you ever pull a stunt like that again. He was blurry at first but then I began to make him out. The bronze colored hair the green eyes and the golden skin tone. "Finnick?" I say "Yea." I smile. He's not dead he is not dead oh thank god he isn't dead. "I love you." I say. "I love you to." He let go of my hand and said. "You…. mean…everything…to me." I nod slowly that is all I can do. " The words I love you don't even explain how much I love you. Uh..." he sounded nervous. " The universe has no end and neither does my love for you the stars never stop shining and neither do your beautiful eyes. I love you so much I may not know much about you but I do know that you are strong but you need some one. I want to be that some one. Uh…" "Get to your point Finnick." I said hoarsely "Iza." "Yea." "Um will you uh be my uh wife?" "Yes." I said and before I drift off into another sleep I here him say. "Good then we can be together forever as husband and wife." When I wake up again the tubes are out of my arms. Finnick is still by my side. He holds my hand and sings a song. "Hmm what song are you singing Finnick." I said wirily. "I don't really know I'm just humming a melody." He said. Then I remembered if Finnick survived maybe, Katniss has too. "Hey do you know if Katniss is alive." "Uh yea why." "So she is alive." "Why." "Cause I care about her." "Oh yea she's doing well." "Can I see her?" I asked. "If you can get up sure, but she isn't going to talk to you." "Why would you say that is she mad at me or something." I said looking Finnick in the eye. "Not that I'm aware I think she's mad at everyone." "Why what did I do. What did we do?" "Well not really you, see we had it planed from the beginning to keep her and Peeta alive. Because they are the symbol for rebellion and they think that you can help. they want to help you reach the islands ok." "Who." "Everyone." "That still doesn't explain why Katniss won't talk to anyone." "I guess she is hurt and feels manipulated." She stared at me "Oh because we betrayed her trust." Her eyes got big. "You no!" "Why do you want to see her any way why would she talk to you?" I force myself to sit up. "Because when she was lying there dyeing I kissed her." Part two The chance Finnick's eyes looked all round but they never met mine. Then he stood up. "Uh… what? Am I hearing this right you kissed Katniss Everdeen!" I nodded. his eyes where big. He crossed his arms. "What." "I kissed Katniss!" "Why?" "Cause I care and trust her she was dying a hug wouldn't of just showed how much I care and besides she was unconscious." "I was conscious when you came by chances are she was too. You can't go kissing random people you know." "You can't tell me what to do." And there it was our first argument. "Yes I can." "No!" "I am your fiancé!" "So." "It will help our relationship if we listen to one another." Finnick said. I scoffed at him. "What are you in love with Katniss now." "Ew no! I love you and only you." "Then what makes you trust her?" "The pin." I said looking him dead in the eye. "So you heard about the pin." "Yes. I was told a long time ago by some one who was running away to district 13 about the pin and Katniss." He nodded and put his arms to the side. "Well what is done is done." I nodded in shame. Then Plutarch came into the room with a man holding a wine bottle he must be a drunk he was putting his knife in his coat pocket .then he said. "We need to talk to the girl." They come in and grab a seat. I see the drunken man eyeing Finnick as if I did some thing wrong. Then looked at me and then scowled. "Little girl, we know about your escaping plan to one of the Unknown islands we want to help you." I just stared at them. How did they find out did Finnick Blab to them. No, I know he wouldn't and they still didn't know my name. Surely if Finnick had blabbed they would know my name. "Lets start out easy." The drunken man said, "What's your name?" I just stared at him as if he was crazy. Of course, I'm not going to tell this old drunken bastered my name. If any thing he would be the reason why Katniss has stopped talking. In addition, where is Peeta! He leans in closer to me. "Little girl we don't have all day!" he said raising his voice. You don't but I have the rest of my life and I refuse to waste it with this imbecile. I lie back down and put the covers over my head. I hear him scowl and take the covers off my head. "This isn't a game." The games aren't even games. I think to myself. I sit back up. "Tell me your name." I shrugged. "Do you not remember your name?" I looked at him as if he was crazy. I had a feeling that this guy wasn't good. I lean closer to him until I was only about 5 inches away from his face. I could smell the alcohol on him. I wrinkle my nose a littlie. I open my mouth as if I was going to say something then conger up a wet one and spit right in his face. He stands up and strikes me across my face. A stinging sensation occurs on my right side of my face. He reminds me of my dad. Fun. Finnick and Plutarch hold him back. Then Plutarch says. "We need you to help us overthrow the capitol we need your help finding these islands young lady." Pshh I can find the islands all by myself. Well if I could why did it take me 10 years and I still haven't found them yet. I sigh. My face still stinging and the drunken man still steamed I looked around for my bag. But where was it I couldn't find it anywhere. "Looking for this." The drunken man said holding up my black bag. I nodded. He walked up to me and put his face close to mine until he was about 5 inches away. I thought he was going to spit on me but instead he said "Speak." He says it with a lot of hated. I stare at him. "If you want the bag speak you little Peasant." He pushed me off my bed. Got up and shook my head. "Haymitch calm down." Finnick says. He started to yell cuss words and I looked at him. I walked up to Finnick and I whisper in his ear. "He reminds me of my father." Finnick's eyes got big. "What! What did she say!" the drunken man who I assume is named Haymitch said. "She said you remind her of her father." "What dose that have to do with any thing!" Finnick looked at me. "A lot." He said. Haymitch sat down rubbing at his temples. Plutarch gets up and says. "We will try again later. Watch over her Finnick, and take care." Haymitch gets up and mumbles something about not dealing with that brat. I'm assuming he was talking about me. "He still has my bag." I say to Finnick. "Why do you need it?" "So I could show them the map I don't know how I'm going to explain it but I'm going to try." Finnick laughed. I frowned at him. "You really don't like Haymitch do you?" "He cannot be trusted. I know that." Finnick looked at me and smile. "Tell me how you know who to trust and who not to trust" "Well first off you can't trust a drunk or any one who reminds me of my dad and I'm Empathetic meaning I can feel peoples emotions and base if of there emotions I see if they can be trusted or not. I've been doing that all my life, some times I use to see if I should trust them or not but most o the time I don't trust them unless there mood says that they are." I said and I smile