Fatherly war Eliza Odair is a thirteen-year-old girl who had to grow up without her father Finnick Odair. He went Missing at a party one day and no one has found him for 8 years. Eliza has been living Haymitch. A drunk who seems to care deeply about Eliza. what happens when they know where her father is will Eliza go to her birth father or the one who raised her since she was 5? In addition, what will happen between Panem and the country that has Finnick? (Song: some night by F.U.N) -"You where there not him."- Eliza -"You will always be my daughter." - Haymitch Chapter 1 The belief "So my dad is alive." I look around at everyone, they where still looking at me as if I was a freak. I look at Effie as if she was a freak. And she was. "Apparently." Haymitch said. I rolled my eyes at him. "Why is everyone starring at me?" There were mumbles. I turn to Peeta he looks at me with concern and protection. "What!" I yell. "calm down. We just want to know how you feel about your dad being alive." Peeta said I shrug. "I feel confused." "About your dad being alive?" Peeta said. I nod. "what's confusing about that." "The fact that I don't know what is going on and people are staring at me." Peeta smiles at me. And hugs me. You just need to rest. I nod I go into a room with Haymitch. I sit on the bed that was on the opposite side of the room where Haymitch's bed was. Haymitch sat on his bed starring at me. I opened my book and began to read. Then President Katniss and Peeta came in. "Oh hello President Katniss." I said. "Please just call me Katniss." "Ok, will do." I look over at Peeta who was smiling at me. I giggle. " I must be ugly I swear." Katniss looked at him. And said, "What?" "Every time she looks at me she laughs I must be ugly." I fell on the floor laughing. Katniss stared at me as if I was crazy. I snorkeled and snorted. When I finally stopped, everyone was staring at me as if I was weird. Except Peeta who was chuckling under his breath I rolled my eyes them and continue reading. I hear Katniss say, "Here Haymitch here some Wine." Haymitch made some sort of grunting noise. Then Peeta said bye to him then to me. "Bye Peeta!" I said. Then I go back to reading once more. Haymitch got up, grabbed the wine, and went in to the bathroom. He came out seconds later and threw the bottle in the trashcan. Then he sat back down. I look at him questioningly. "Why did you do that?" I ask "Do what?" "Throw away the bottle of your precious wine." He stared at me. "Honestly if it means your not going to talk to me for the rest of your life I'd give it up for you, you're more precious then any amount of liquor." I smiled and walked over to him and hugged him. "Daddy." "Hmm." "I don't want to see my dad, I want to stay here with you." He sighed. "Don't tell him that." "Why." "You're the only thing he has left and I can't take you away from him." I began to cry. "But daddy." He interrupted me. "And you cant call me dad around him it will hurt him." I let the tears run down my face. I sniffle. "Don't cry ok." I burry my face in his shoulder. And started to sob. I shake my head. "But I just want to stay with you. You where there not him." "Huh?" "You where there when Monk tried to rape me. You where there when my nightmares got worse." "But I wasn't there when you started to do self harm." I nod. "No I was to busy drinking I missed half the things you've done in your life because I was either drunk, passed out or hung over." "I didn't mean that." I said crying. "But it's the truth." He said squeezing me. I kept sobbing into Haymitch's shoulder. "Go to sleep." He said and carried me over to my bed. I kept sobbing. He brushed my hair and I fell asleep. My dream started out the same. It started out with me alone sitting in a chair. I try to move but I realized that I was tied down. I look around there was a lady next to me. She had long black hair; she wore a gray sweater and black sweats. She was squirming and trying to scream but there was a muffled sound coming from her face. Her face was wet with tears. Their where voices around her then that is when it was different. There was a man he had tan skin and bronze hair just like me. I stare into his green eyes then into the girls blue eyes. Then like always, they silence her. Then slit her throat. I scream. The man just looks at me his face also wet tears. They undo the thing that was muffling his scream. He was screaming something I couldn't understand. Then he screamed the words. "Iza!" then they light him on fire. Then I realized whom those people where. I scream on the top on my lungs. "Mother! Father!" and then there was a searing pain through my head and I woke up screaming. Then their where arms around me. I turn to them and cry into there shoulder. I was sure it was Haymitch. He patted my back and said, "Shh it's ok it was only a dream." I look up and see Peeta holding me. I scream. "Calm down." He said. "Where is Haymitch?" Peeta shrugged "He wasn't in here when I came in here." I stare at him. "And when was that." "Mmm oh about an hour ago." "What where you doing in here for an hour." "Waiting for you to wake up." "Why." I said crossing my arms. "Make sure you are ok." I smile at him. "Another nightmare." I nod. "Same as always?" I shake my head. "No this time there was a man… they set him on fire…and I…I." Peeta nodded at me. "I recognized them…. Both my mother and father… I don't know what they did to me but there was pain in my head. Peeta held me. "Haymitch says that my normal night mare was my mothers death…do you think this is telling me my father is dead." "Or could be telling you that your father is in peril." I push him away eruptively. "We need to find him!" I yell. I walk out of my room. I have no idea where I was going "We are working on that." He yelled after me. I was in the main part of the hovercraft with everyone in it when I yelled, "You where working on finding my Mother but you where to late we don't have time I refuse to loose another parent to theses people they are going to have to take me before they take my father." It was quite and everyone staring at me. I just stood there then broke down in tears. Haymitch came over and carried me Peeta and Katniss Followed and me back into my room. While I was sobbing uncontrollably, Haymitch asked. "What happened?" "She had a dream well it was also a vision." "A vision?" "Well that's what I believe." "So what was it about?" "She said it was different she said she was able to recognize the girl in her dream as her mother and then she saw her father being set on fire, being that she probably never saw her dad on fire I say it was a vision of some sort." Haymitch was petting my air and telling me to shh while he was listening to Peeta. Haymitch stood up and said. "We need to find him now!" I shook my head franticly and screamed, "No! No, let him die! Let me die!" "Nothing is going to happen to your father! I promise ok!" Haymitch yelled. "How late where you?" "What?" "How late where you to save my mother." "You blame your mothers death on me." I narrow my eyes at him. "I blame my mothers death on the people who killed her, I tell you that you tried to save her and you where to late." "That's not our fault. Everyone was working as hard as they could." Haymitch said I nodded. "I may not want o see my dad, but I don't want him dead. I don't want the same people who killed my mom kill my dad." "This isn't the same people who killed your mom!" Haymitch said. "These people come from another island." Peeta said. "The question is which one." Chapter 2 The Crush Haymitch stood and told Katniss to follow him, he told Peeta to stay here with me. I got up, went into the bathroom,and look my self in the mirror. The make up I was wearing was running all down my face. I looked like a horrid mess. I take a napkin and begin to wipe it off. Peeta walks up behind me and wraps his arms around me "It's going to be ok." He said. I put my hand over his and intertwine my fingers with his while still taking of the ruined make up with my other hand. When I was done, wiping off the destroyed make up I turned to Peeta and held his hand. I look in his eyes and smile. "Why are you holding my hand?" I shrug and take his other hand. He looked at me questioningly. I did the thing with my shoulders that made it look like I was trying to dance. He laughed. "What are you doing?" I shrug and hug him tightly. He hugs me back. I pull away and put my face in front of his so our foreheads touched. "Uh…" he said. I cut him off and kiss him passionately. The kiss only lasted about a second or so because then he pulled me off him. I stare at him with a pout on my face. He shook his head and said, "I… you… sorry… I…didn't …" he stumbled. "It's ok I get it." I go underneath the bathroom sink into a corner and just stare. "Eliza don't…" "No its fine!" he tries to come and join me in my corner but I get up and leave and go back into my room and sit on my bed. "Eliza listen to me." He said. I look at him. "I don't like you in that way because you too young." I roll my eyes at him. He sits next to me, I scoot away. He sighed and rolled his eyes. "Haymitch will kill me if I did any thing that he didn't like." "I'm not speaking to you." "You don't have to handle this so immaturely." "Yes. Yes I do." "No you can realize that I am too old for you and move on to someone your own age." "I don't need you I already have a boyfriend." He let out a short sharp exhale. "You do know I have feelings." "Well obviously not for other people." "Yes I do." "Not for me." "You're my best friend and your 13 how and I suppose to have feeling for a kid." "You told me you loved me." I said and I started to cry. "I love you as a friend." I put head in a pillow and screamed. "Stop over reacting." "Your horrible why would you lie to me like that." "I never lied." "You kept flirting with me!" "Flirting with you? You're taking everything in the wrong direction." "Why can't you love me?" "Your 13! I'm 29!" "Peeta Mellark I love you!" "Are you ok?" "No!