Reincarnation Four years have passed since the overthrown of the capitol. Everyone is doing fine. Eliza Odair now an intelligent 5 years old is ready to meet everyone at a local party. But what happens to her father Finnick Odair when the party is over and no can find him. Can she live without him? Can she live without both of her parents? (Song: I want to know what love is) -"I spin the Throttle and point the gun to my head then pull the trigger."- Eliza Odair "To what going to hit me I dare you lay a finger on me." -Eliza Odair Chapter 1 The party "Eliza come on down its time to get ready!" my dad yelled from down stairs. Today was some sort of party and my dad was dragging me into it. To be honest I rather stay home and read I ran down stairs in my underwear. My dad dressed me in a poofy baby blue dress with tights underneath. He put black shoes that where shiny and open at the top with a strap that went an across and a small heel on my feet. He did my bronze colored hair so that it was no longer flat; it had some poofy volume to it. Then he walks to a mirror. "Look at this eye candy." I said my father laughs. "Yes of course your beautiful you're my daughter." "I'm a sight for sore eyes so gorgeous that I make I blind man see isn't that right father." He nodded. I smiled at how good I looked, well I always looked good for a five year old if I do say so my self. My dad picks me up he was dressed up nice in a lovely tuxedo. I look my dad in the eyes and smile. "You know you're my everything right? My shining diamond." I nod "Of course daddy I know you love me do you know I love you?" he nodded and kissed my cheek. "Are you ready to go." I frowned. "Daddy I rather stay here and read lovely book." He smiled at me "I know I'm sorry but everybody wants to see you." I shake my head. He laughs. We leave out and walk over to a guy's house. I do not like to go places I like to read. Some night is stay up reading all night. Reading makes sure that the nightmares I have stay away. When we get to the house, my dad knocks on the door and a lady with a powdered wig. Well she opens the door and says. "Hello Finnick. Oh is this little Eliza." Ew she had better not touch me. Daddy hands me to her. Dang. She looks and me and says. "Look who is so cute you are, you are." "I know I'm cute! Daddy? Daddy!" my dad has gone in started to socialize. I shake my head. "Oh you're a smart one. I'm Effie." I nod "Sure you are put me down this instance." "Oh you go play with the other kids." When she puts me down a little African American boy about my age walks up to me and says. "Hi I'm Monk." I stare at him. "I'm none of your business." He stares at me. I walk away. And he follows me. I stop "stop following me." "Your cute." He says. I fluff my hair and say. "I know. If you want to you can go give me a snack from the snack bar I like cheese." He nodded and left. I begin to walk around until someone picks me up by my underarms. It was the powdered hair lady again. "May I help you and this is not how you hold a child!" "Look Katniss look Peeta this is Eliza!" to people stared at me then the guy says, "She's adorable." "People, people I know I know!" I said then everyone laughed. "You know that's Finnick's child." Said the girl Finnick was my Father's real name. But he is my daddy. "May I hold her Effie?" the guy said she nodded and handed me to him. "Good lord people you don't play pass the baby." "Are you ticklish?" he asked me. "Who are you?" I say to him. "Peeta." "Well Mr. Peeta I demand you put me down, go on put me down now!" "Would you like a cookie?" "Yea!" he goes and gets me a cookie then puts me down. I wave bye to him. I make a mental note that Peeta was cool. I was eating my cookie when Monk came back with some cheese. "That's what I thought." I said. Then it was dinnertime. I got a spot at the kid's table. "Father I demand oatmeal!" "My child wants oatmeal." My daddy says. Then I get a nice steaming bowl of oatmeal. I put the napkin on my lap and begin to eat. Then Monk sits next to me. "Hi." He says I wave to him. "Why are you eating oatmeal and not the food that has been prepared for us?" I look at him. "Cause oatmeal is boss." He scooted closer to me. I didn't move away. I turned around to see my father. Then I see a man not drinking a glass of wine but I bottle. I give him some daggers. He leans over to the powdered hair lady and whispers something. I keep she looks at me then smiles. I stick my tongue out. The guy who was drinking laughed. Then whispered something again and pointed to my dad. I turn to face my dad. "Daddy, daddy I have finished my meal." "Even your vegetables." He says "Ew no there gross." "Eat your veggies honey." "No I don't want to." "Sweetie you need to eat your veggies." "No I…" daddy interrupted me "Eat your vegetables!" he yelled the room got silent. "Ok!" I yell back. I take a few bites of my veggies then say. "Your only child isn't very happy right now." "You'll thank me later when you grow up nice and strong." "She reminds me of Iza." The guy who likes to drink so much said. "With the attitude and all." Everyone stares at him. "Iza never had an attitude." My dad says. The drunken guy puts his head down for a minuet then gets up and leaves the table. "Finished the evil greens." I said. "Good now go play." I get up and walk out of the room. I hear something hitting a wall in a different room I enter the room. Inside there was a man throwing knifes. The same man was drinking a lot of wine at dinner I walked in and watched him play. He stopped and looked at me then he scowled. "What do you want?" "You say that like many people have taken something from you and I'm here to take another thing from you." "You mean bothering me." I stare at him. I get up and on a chair then get up on the table so I was up to his height. "Why do you drink so much?" he grunted and throw a knife at the wall. I lean closer to him, put my hands on my hips, and stare at him. "Kid, what?" "My names not kid its Eliza." "I know what your name is." I lift a brow. "Oh really. What's yours?" "Aren't you five how are you talking this much?" "I spent half of my life reading I know a various amount of words." "Half the life you already lived." I lower my brow and move back." "Your name tell me now." He scoffed. I just watched him throw more knifes at the wall. I stare at him again. "Tell me your name sir demand to know." He sighed, picked me up by my underarms, and carried me back out to the party witch I can see everyone has finished there meal. He walked up to Peeta. "Where is Finnick?" he asked Peeta. Peeta shrugged. "Well here take her she annoying me." Peeta takes me. "Me? An annoyance? Never." The guy just walks away. The girl next to him says. "What are you doing with Finnick's child?" Peeta shrugged. "Haymitch gave her to me." "So that's his name Haymish." Peeta nodded. I lie the way Peeta held me it was right and comforting. I leaned my head against Peeta's shoulder and yawned. "Someone's sleepy. Peeta said. "Not me, I'm just resting my eyes." I yawn again. My eyelids felt heavy and they begin to droop. Then I closed them and I was off in a distance sleep. Chapter 2 The father When I woke up, I was no longer in Peeta's arms. I was in a bed. The bed was nice, warm, and cozy. I yawned and got of the bed. I headed downstairs. There was no one down here. Where could my daddy be? "Daddy? Daddy where are you?" There was no noise but the sound of my shoes as I walk hitting the hardwood floor. I opened a door and there at the table was Haymish. "Haymish!" "Why are you still here your father left a long time ago." "Where id my daddy?" I asked him. "Home probably." He said. I started to cry. "Oh gosh! Don't start that." "Why did my daddy forget me doesn't he love me." "If he forgot you then obviously not." He said I cried more. "Look you want to go home." I nodded. "I want my Daddy." "Ok let's go." He scooped me up and he walked me home. When we get to my house, I go in. but I find the place to be trashed. Haymish grabs me and gets me out of there. "Why?" I say. "Because that's a dangerous situation." "What where is my daddy?" he takes me back to what I think was his house. It was late, so he took me back upstairs and into the room where I was sleeping, he rolled his eyes. "Unfortunately you're going to stay here for the night." I nodded and he leaves. When he leaves, I take off my clothes and hop into the bed. And I sleep one more. But my sleep was disturbed by the dame nightmare I have every night. The flesh, the blood, the unidentified body, the screaming. I get up and go into Haymish 's room. He was asleep so I hit him. Nothing then I hit him again. He jolts up and it looks like he was about to stab me with a knife. I step back. "Ugh what." "Nightmare." I said. "And what do you want me to do about it." I try to climb into the bed, but then he pushes me off. I put my hands on my hips. "I'm not a bed wetter." "Don't care go away." I jump in the bed and quickly move onto the other side I go underneath the covers and sigh relief. He pushes me farther away then goes back to sleep. As do I. The next morning I find myself in the same bed I stared out with. I shrugged and started to sing a song about monkeys jumping on the bed and one falling off and bumped his head. "Mama called the doctor and the doctor said." "How about you stop jumping on that bed." Haymish said. I continue jumping. "That's not how it goes." "Seriously get of there your going to break the damn thing." I keep jumping and singing. He picks me up and puts mw down on the floor. "look we are going to go around seeing if anyone has seen your dad ok." I nodded. "get dressed. I keep humming pick up my dress prom the floor and take a shower. This act causes my bronze hair to turn flat. I put my dress on and my shoes and head down stairs to find Haymish drinking again. "Haymish." "What did you just call me?" "Haymish."