Father Side Mission Eliza Odair has been taken by a group of aliens. Its up to Finnick Odair her biological father, and Haymitch her adoptive father to save her. will there rescue mission work out great or will they be late and end up leaving Eliza at the fate of the unknown. (Safe and sound by Taylor swift) -"you don't know the pain I went through."-Eliza -"Forever and always?"- Eliza Chapter 1 The truth Once I woke up everything was blurry. I rubbed my face with my hands to try and clear things out when I looked around I see Katniss Effie and Peeta Pash all knocked out. Then there was a hand on my shoulder. I jumped and looked behind me. It was Haymitch. "Calm down cowboy." He said I looked up at him. "do you know where he is Finnick?" he asked me. I shook my head. Then there was a groan. I looked around and see Katniss lifting up her head. She looked around then looked at me and Haymitch. She blinked a couple of times. Then stood up. She stumbled so I ran over to her to keep her steady. "I'm fine, I'm fine." She said. I let go of her arm. "Where is he? She asked. I shrugged and looked at Haymitch. He just drank what I thought was more liquor. Then Peeta got up and came up behind Katniss. Then I wobbly Effie showed up and rubbed her head. "Effie your alive!" she looked at me. "why wouldn't I be." She said. I chuckled. "so everyone is ok." Katniss said everyone agreed. I nodded which made my head hurt I gasp in pain. Everyone looked at me. "are you ok?" Peeta asked. "Yea." "Suck it up." Haymitch said. I look at him then roll my eyes. Pash walks up behind me and wraps her arm around my waist. I move to the side s she couldn't do that. I smile at her. Damn she looked like Eliza. I stare at her. She had darker brown hair and paler skin. But she was the same in every way. The hair length the height the way she stood the way she walked but not the way she talked. "Why are you staring at me." "Why do you look like my daughter." I said looking at her. "Yea I notice that to you look almost exactly like Eliza." Peeta said. "No she stole my look. I was here first." She said. "So you're older then her?" "Yea." "How old?" Haymitch asked. "22." She said with a smile. "And you are originally from?" "District 13. I've been there all my life." We stare at her. She was right. She did look like she was district 13. Then Plutarch came running in saying oddly calmly. "we got him." "You do." Katniss said. He nodded. We walked back to where Ninlick lived when we entered Plutarch directed us up into the attic. When we got there we saw an activated spaceship and a dead Ninlick. "What the hell Plutarch." Katniss Said "Isn't that what you wanted for him to be captured." "But not killed she said." Then Haymitch stormed pass me yelling. "How are we going to find her if we don't have any information." I sighed. "look in the ship here bound to be information in there." I walk in with Haymitch following up behind me." We looked around the space ship. I find clothes random buttons and a picture of him and who I was assuming was Piea. Apparently he liked men. "Have you found anything?" I ask Haymitch. He grunted then said. "no. I have not." I searched around and then I found a small square device. It had two flexile antennas coming from it and it also had four buttons on the side and a small screen saying call to. I press one of the buttons and on the screen it said tutestiga. "I found he is from the planet Tutestiga." I tell Haymitch he comes over and takes a look at it. He fumbles with it and said. "How do you know?" I shrugged and pointed at the screen. He nodded. He walked away with it and fumbled with it some more. Then after awhile I hear a hello. "Whom am I speaking with" Haymitch said. I walk next to him. In front of us there was a hologram of a man. He looked to be extremely tall. "Ninlick?" the man said. "no he is dead." Haymitch said. "Who is this?" the other man said. "This is me wanting to know if you hold my daughter." "My daughter she is my daughter Haymitch." I whisper over to him. He rolls his eyes stares at me and scoffs." "I am the tallest. I don't think I have your daughter." He paused for a second. "wait are you calling from E-arth. Specifically from Panem." We nodded. "you mean Earth." I said "where are our men." He said angrily. "dead." I said. Then there's this noise in the background. It sounded like a little girl. Any little girl until I here. "Daddy!" then I knew who it was it was my daughter. "You have my daughter!" I scream Haymitch cusses. I look at him and roll my eyes. "Who this human child." He stepped aside and reviled Eliza being almost choke to death. "Eliza!" I and Haymitch yelled in unison. "Give us back my daughter." Haymitch said. "Again my daughter not yours." he glared at me. "nope there isn't a chance of that happing you killed our men so we kill yours." Then he clicked out. Haymitch cussed loudly. "by the way stop cussing around my daughter." I emphasized the word my. "she called me a few of those words. me glared at me again. "she would of already known those words because she reads a lot." "she reads a lot because you neglect her." His eyes widen. "I never neglected her." "no school no friends she sits in her room all day and reads." "I wanted to take her on a vacation before despite the fact she was having sex all she wanted to do was read." He Emphasized the word wanted. "that's another thing why do you allow her to have sex?" "I don't she does it behind my back. And I assure you if you where raising her it would be no different." "will you guys stop arguing and face the problem here." Katniss said with Peeta and Effie beside her. We stare at her. "I need to go get Eliza." I said Haymitch took a swig of his drink then said. "No it's too dangerous. Let me go." "no that is my daughter." I said. "I raised her." I roll my eyes. "ah ha!." Haymitch said. "that's why she rolls her eyes so much she gets it from you." I stare at him. "how are we going to go to her." We all stood there thinking then Peeta says. "we are in the spaceship." "but how do we operate it." Katniss said. "I think we are good to go just got set in the coordinates." We search around the place and I start pressing random buttons until I here this whirring noise. "I think I got it." I said. There was this screen that said point A Panem Point B Tutestiga. "all right I think we are good." Peeta said then there was a ruckus Effie looked out and said "Hey! That mahogany!" she shook her head. I walk over and close the door. Then Haymitch press the Button that said Trats. "What's that?" Peeta asked "its start backwards." Haymitch said. "how do you know?" "I tried to spell it one time when I was drunk and I could read backwards." "Well that explains allot." I said. Then we where off. Chapter 2 The Rescue When we were riding, Effie would not shut up. "And who knows how fast we are moving. I bet no one on earth can see us. Oh look at these curtains on this canopy bed with this Mahogany Wood." "Why is there a random canopy bed in here." Haymitch said. "They knew we were coming." Effie said we all look at her. I shrugged and put my head down. Then there was a hand on my shoulder. I looked up and see Katniss. "She's going to be fine." She said. I sighed. "She is." Haymitch said. "she is a strong girl." "I don't know how strong she can be if you raised her." I emphasized you. He glared at me and grunted. "Well its true. You are a horrible father." "And you're a good Father too." He said. "You don't take her too school, you neglected her you her do guys. Let you raised my daughter any way." There was a silence. "no let me raise your…my daughter she was left all alone and she was five." I kept his gaze steady. He shook his head. "Blame yourself Finnick, you only have yourself to blame. I stood up eruptivly. "How, how could I blame myself when it wasn't even my fault!" "It was your fault you where seduced by that girl it was your fault you went with her all of this could have been avoided if you would of just said no!" Haymitch said still holding my gaze Haymitch was right. This was all fault. Haymitch was not a bad father I was. Dear god I let my child my child the one I love the most the only one I have left the only reason why I live. "She better be ok because if she is not I'm never going to forgive myself." I said "good." Haymitch said. I stare daggers at him and cuss at him. Then before I knew it we where landing. We waited awhile before we got off.. when I stepped onto the land it looked like grass but it felt like rubber. I sigh and shrug. There was no one around. "there is something wrong." Effie said. I stare at her. "yea this place is a ghost town." She nodded. I was surprised she didn't say anything stupid. She needed to be in a home for old people. We walk a little further. Then I swear I hear Katniss's name being called. I look around and see a man running toward us. "Cinna?" Katniss said "Katniss!" he replied. "Cinna!" she said. She ran towards him and embraced him in a hug. "Cinna what are you doing here." I ran up behind Peeta when we finally caught up with her. "After they brutally beat me they sent me here. You should try there larvina while you're here taste like chicken." I smiled at him when I saw him acting like himself with his fashionable gold eyeliner. If you ask me Katniss style has been lacking since Cinna left. "Why are you guys here." Cinna asked. "Some Aliens took my daughter." Haymitch said. "You have a daughter?" Cinna asked. "No she is my daughter." I said. Cinna stared at us and then smirked. "Someone explain to me why they Have the same daughter." "She is Finnick Biological daughter and Haymitch raised her." Katniss explained. Cinna nodded. "Why." "Because Finnick was captured by Russians. I have a lot to tell you." She said. As we were walking along Katniss explained everything to Cinna from the rebellion, to Iza to me, and Iza to our child, to me being kidnapped and so on. "so your saving a 13 year old who is Finnick's Daughter from aliens." Katniss nodded. Then we arrive at a huge silver dome that had a ton of windows in it. We stare in awe at it "Is this it?" Peeta asked. Everyone nodded. Without hesitation Peeta headed in. we all followed him. We walked around to what seemed to be abandon hallways until we hear. "why can't I have my Daddy?" "Eliza!" I gasp. Haymitch puts his hand over my mouth and