Chapter 1 Morning light shone through a gap in the blinds and Petunia Dursley blinked. She'd been awake for some time now. She'd sat up for several hours reading the book Vernon had bought her for her birthday, made herself a glass of warm milk and even tried counting sheep but nothing had helped her go back to sleep. The problem was that, try as she might, she could not stop thinking about her younger sister, Lily. She was quite sure that it was Vernon's fault that she hadn't slept well; after all he was the one who'd mentioned Lily for the first time in years and had then spent all of last night tossing and turning, muttering about 'bloody cats' and Harry Potter . This was not only unexpected but, Vernon bringing up Lily so casually in conversation made Petunia feel terrible. She had spent the last few years of her life trying to forget that she even had a sister. It just hurt too much. Of course she would like to reconcile with her sister but, it was too late now, she had Dudley to think of. Having people like the Potters around would just be far too dangerous and even if it weren't, Petunia would never apologize; it was a matter of principle, she hadn't really even done anything wrong. Petunia would, of course, not back down. However, if Lily turned up on Petunia's doorstep apologizing for the wrong she'd done, and begging for her sister's forgiveness there was no doubt that Petunia would have accepted the apology immediately. OOOOO The cool morning air took Petunia by surprise as she opened the front door; she pulled the neck of her dressing gown tighter, and holding the door only a fraction of the way open; she glanced up and down the street, checking that no one was up to see her in her pyjamas. Satisfied that none of the neighbours were up she opened the door fully and bent to place the empty milk bottles on the doorstep. Being so preoccupied with not being seen her in her pyjamas, Petunia didn't even notice the small bundle on the doorstep at first. It wasn't until the baby rolled in its blankets that Petunia looked up, shrieking in surprise. The baby opened its eyes and blinked bemusedly. Petunia shrieked again and dropped a milk bottle, it smashed on the doorstep. There was a long, drawn out silence as the glass tinkled against the pavement and then the baby started crying, thick tears rolling down its cheeks as he squirmed, bawling louder and louder. Petunia looked up, noticing that one of the neighbours had switched on their bedroom light; she scooped up the bundle and rushed into the kitchen where she set the child down on the table. Not wanting to wake Vernon or Dudley, Petunia hurriedly un-wrapped the child from his blankets and rocked him in her arms, making quiet, soothing noises. The baby smiled, stopped crying and, almost as though he had been told what to do, he held out a letter clasped tightly in his fat fist. Petunia took the letter and gently put the child in her son's highchair. The envelope was addressed in green cursive handwriting to a 'Mrs Petunia Dursley' . The writing seemed oddly familiar and whilst she was sure she had seen it before, Petunia couldn't remember when or where, as though she was trying to put a name to a face she hadn't seen in decades. She opened the envelope pulled out a thick, heavy parchment. Unfolding the letter Petunia began to read; Mrs. Dursley, I sincerely hope that you have received the dreadful news prior to your receiving of this letter. However, if you have not then it is my regrettable duty to inform you of the death of your sister and brother in-law. Lily and James have, for some time now, known that their lives were in danger and, sadly on the night of the thirty first of October Lord Voldemort forced his way into their home and killed them both. However, when Voldemort turned his wand on your nephew, Harry, the spell somehow rebounded, destroying Voldemort in Harry's place. The reason that Voldemort could not kill your nephew is, I believe, because Lily offered up her life in exchange for her son's. At present, many supporters of Voldemort will most likely be plotting to do terrible things to your nephew and I beseech you; do not let them harm him. When your sister died she invoked an ancient and powerful magic, Harry will be safe as long as he can say that his home is with you, his true family. The magic invoked by your sister will protect everyone who has blood ties to Lily, however when the day comes that Harry can no longer say his home is with you, the wards will fail. Harry will no longer have protection and nor will you or your son. I trust you will treat Harry as you would your own son. If you cannot, or will not, take your nephew in out of the goodness of your heart, then I implore you do it for your sister. What would Lily do were your roles reversed? Removing the boy from your household will not stop you from becoming a target for dark wizards, you and your family are already in grave danger and have been ever since Voldemort set his sights on the Potter family. I speak as a man who lost his sister and parents at a young age, when I say my thoughts are with you at this dark time. We, the entire wizarding community, are deeply saddened by the deaths of Lily and James; we have taken a great hit. They were loving, talented people who were taken from us long before their time, they will be dearly missed. We are taking measures to bring those responsible to justice. When the time of Voldemort's second rising comes, I assure you I will be on the front line facing the criminals that took the lives of so many young and innocent people. I beg you to not let your sister's sacrifice be in vain. If you ever need to contact me, send an envelope addressed plainly to 'Albus Dumbledore' by normal muggle post. Harry also has a small pot of powder on his person, the pot contains the amount needed for three Floo calls, simply throw a pinch of the powder into a lit fireplace and call the name of the wizard or witch you wish to speak to. With Sympathy, Professor Albus Percival Wulfric Brian Dumbledore, Headmaster of Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. Petunia re-read the letter several times before the information even began to sink in. Her sister's name echoed ominously around her head. Lily dead? How could Lily be dead? The day before yesterday she was alive, how could she now, so suddenly, be dead? At first, Petunia refused to believe it. She would know if her baby sister had died, it would be impossible for her to not. She should have felt something , despite the differences between them. It was just too much to believe that yesterday she had carried on as normal whilst her sister was dead. Despite her adamant refusal to believe Lily dead, a traitorous little voice in the back of her head insisted that it must be true, why would Harry be here if not? Lily loved her son as much as Petunia loved Dudley; there was no way that she would leave Harry alone under any circumstance other than her own death. And what reason would Professor Dumbledore have to lie about it? Petunia gulped, feeling a lump rise in her throat, her eyes stung but tears were refusing to fall. How could she not have known? Surely, she'd have felt something when Lily's life was snubbed out, a pain in her heart or a sudden emptiness. The emptiness came now; her heart felt heavy and her body hollow. Lily, her baby sister, was dead. Petunia hadn't told her in years that she loved her, not since Lily left school. What if she'd died thinking Petunia hated her? Petunia could remember the day she was born as though it was yesterday, she'd always wanted a little sister. Her Father had taken her to the hospital to see the new baby and even then, Lily had been beautiful, with a small tuft of red hair, striking green eyes and a magical aura about her. Petunia had been young at the time, only three, and even then she'd promised to protect her baby sister at all costs. Did this mean she'd failed? Failed as a big sister, Lily had died thinking Petunia hated her. No one hated Lily; even that awful Severus boy loved Lily. Petunia made a strangled sobbing sound, but still no tears came. The baby was sleeping now. Harry James Potter, the reason her sister died. Petunia couldn't look at him. He looked too much like his father and yet somehow felt like Lily, Petunia knew that when he opened his eyes she would see Lily's eyes looking back at her. Petunia clenched her fists, slamming them hard against the table. Why? She couldn't even begin to comprehend it. The man that had killed her was dead; shouldn't she be grateful for that? Petunia just felt hollow, no amount of retribution would bring Lily back, and no torture could make Voldemort pay enough. Petunia stared at the baby, Lily's baby. The baby her sister had loved enough to die for. What should she do? The child, Harry, reminded her so much of Lily, it would hurt to look at him day after day and yet to treat him as anything less than a son would be an insult to Lily's memory. He looked so much like James though; the man who'd stolen Lily away. Could she ever look at the boy and not be reminded of how she had failed her sister? Petunia was vaguely aware of Vernon coming into the kitchen. He said something to her but she didn't hear what. Her ears were ringing, the words from Dumbledore's letterechoing around her mind. Vernon asked something again, Petunia didn't answer. She felt him take the letter from her hand and made no move to stop him. Her mind continued to whirl. She felt her husband's hand on her shoulder, it squeezed tightly conveying everything words could not, ' I'm sorry' 'I wish I could do something' and 'I love you' . The haze in Petunia's mind faded as Vernon kissed her on the cheek. "I'll phone work, they'll understand. I'll take Dudders out of the way for today, give you some time." He kissed her again and added. "Do you want me to take the boy as well?" Petunia shook her head numbly and choked out a word sounding vaguely like, "Thank you." Vernon patted her on the shoulder once more and made her a cup of tea before leaving the room to wake their son. Petunia gripped the mug, not caring that it scalded her hands. How could Vernon be so understanding? After what she'd done, how could anyone forgive her? She'd cast away her baby sister, let pride get in the way of family love, and now look; Lily was dead. Tears still wouldn't fall; Petunia felt anger bubbling up inside her. How could Dumbledore possibly understand? She'd deserted her own sister, the sister she'd vowed to protect. How could anyone understand how she felt? Why did Lily have to die? Petunia had always heard that the best way to deal with grief was by talking to people, but who could possibly understand what she was going through. They'd sit and nod their heads offering empty sympathetic words, but not really understanding. No one had loved Lily like she had, not even Potter, and only two other people could even claim that they knew