Written for octopus_fool for the EveryWoman 2017 exchange on AO3 I think whatever I shall meet on the road I shall like, and whoever beholds me shall like me, I think whoever I see must be happy. -Walt Whitman, "Song of the Open Road, IV" . Belladonna had quite a few siblings, even by hobbit standards, and while she was not particularly close to her eldest siblings—Isengrim was already twenty by the time she was born, after all—Hildifons was only eight years her senior, and he had been her protector and friend from the first, carrying her about on his back as soon as she was big enough for it, as they invented games and explored the Great Smials with Isembard and Hildibrand, when the two of them weren't out recreating the Battle of Greenfields. It was Hildifons who introduced her to Gandalf, when he came to visit, arriving just before her ninth birthday party. She stopped short when they stepped into the garden where he was sitting with their father. "You never said he was a Big Person ," she hissed, tugging hard on Hildifons' sleeve. "You said he was a wizard ." "Of course he's one of the Big Folk, silly," Hildifons said, tugging his sleeve free before she tore the cuff. He took her hand. "Who ever heard of a hobbit wizard? Come on, you have to meet him." Belladonna peered at Gandalf, who sat blowing smoke rings with Gerontius. He wore a long grey robe, from which his long legs stretched out over the grass, his big black boots, mud-crusted, crossed at the ankles. His beard was long and white, and his eyes were dark like coals, though it was hard to tell the color when they were crinkled up with laughter. He was decidedly odd, and his smoke rings were even odder—not the normal pale ones her father blew, that floated up and over the hedge before breaking up in the breeze: these were many different colors, and they circled around the normal ones in spite of the wind, and floated much higher toward the sky before dissolving. "Is he doing magic? " she whispered. "Yes, of course." Hildifons pulled her foreword. "You'll like him, Belladonna, I promise. He tells the best stories!" When Hildifons released her hand, Belladonna ran to Gerontius. "There's my pretty girl!" he said. "And where have you been hiding all day?" "We've been out walking," Belladonna said. "Hildifons said he knew where there were mushrooms, but he got lost in the woods." "I didn't," Hildifons protested, as he sat down on the grass between Gandalf and Gerontius. "Someone else got there first, that's all. Hullo, Gandalf! Where did you come from this time?" "Hullo, Hildifons," Gandalf said between puffs on his pipe. "And who is this young lady?" His gaze was sharp and a little disconcerting, but Belladonna met it squarely, deciding in that moment she was not going to be afraid of him, no matter how odd he looked. She saw something like approval in those dark eyes. "I'm Belladonna," she said. He smiled at her. "It is a pleasure to meet you, Miss Belladonna." And then he turned to Hildifons, to answer some very pressing questions about Elves. . That was more than ten years ago. Now Belladonna was twenty, and Hildifons had been gone for a year and a half—much longer than his other jaunts out of the Shire. Everyone was worried, although no one spoke of it. It was nearly his birthday, and she hated to think of him spending it somewhere alone out in the Wild. Of course, it was equally likely he'd spend it singing with Elves or something, but either way, she hoped to find him. Which was why she and Donnamira—who had refused to be left behind on any adventure since the time she could walk, though she was still only in her teens—were strolling through the forests well north of their normal haunts around the Shire. They had a map, roughly sketched for them by Gandalf before they left the Great Smials. Belladonna suspected he intended to come after them after his visit with their father, but in the meantime she examined the map, and decided they were likely close to Lake Evendim. "There's ruins there," she said, pointing to a dot on the map. It was either an ink blot or a spot marking what had once been a city, and she was almost certain it was the latter. "Some great ancient city, I think. Hildifons would be interested in that." " I'm interested," Donnamira said. "I've never seen ruins before." They reached the ruins, which were very much real and not at all a mere inkblot, a few days later, the day after they found Lake Evendim. There were still half-standing towers, and many buildings mostly intact, but overgrown with moss and lichen. Along one block they found nearly every house overrun by rambling rose vines, likely once the pride of someone's garden. They were heavy with dead blossoms, rotting there on the vine, still damp with the recent rain; the air was thick with their heady scent. "Bella, look at this." Donnamira crouched over what Belladonna had taken for a simple stone, but as she carefully wiped away years of grime and moss and dirt, a face was revealed, chipped and crumbling, but still lovely in a stern, sad kind of way. Belladonna stood with her head tilted to get a better look. There had once been a crown upon the head, but the only sign of it was a ridge about the forehead; the rest had been lost to the passage of time. "The whole place has a sort of…melancholy feel to it," Belladonna remarked as Donnamira straightened, wiping her hands on her skirt. "I wonder what happened to make the people leave." "War, maybe?" Donnamira suggested. "The Big People are always fighting one another, aren't they?" "Not here." Both Belladonna and Donnamira spun around at the voice; they had thought they were utterly alone, but there in the shadows of one of the rose-covered buildings someone moved, and then emerged, revealing a woman, tall and clad in grey and brown, with a bow on her back and a sword just visible beneath her fur-lined cloak. Her dark hair was long, and fell over her shoulder in a thick braid. "War did ravage the North Kingdom, but it was slow decline long before that lead to the abandonment of Annúminas." "Annúminas," Belladonna said, tasting the name on her tongue. It had an Elvish ring to it. "Is that what this place was called?" "Yes. But I never heard that young hobbit maids were much interested in the history of Arnor." Belladonna drew herself up. "I'd be quite interested, if someone cared to tell me about it," she said primly, adopting the voice that her father liked to call being On Her Dignity. "And anyway, what would you know about the interests of hobbits?" The woman smiled. "More than you might think, Mistress…?" "Took. Belladonna Took. And this is my sister Donnamira. Our father is the Thain, Gerontius Took, and a friend of Gandalf's," she added, in case Gandalf was known in these parts. "Ah, that explains it." The woman laughed. "I beg your pardon, Mistress Took." She gave a sweeping bow. "I am Morwen, daughter of Brandir." "Are you a Ranger?" Donnamira asked. "Yes, so they call us in the Breelands." Morwen cast a glance at the broken statue they have uncovered. "Would you join me at my camp this evening? There is little danger here, but I would welcome the company." "We would be happy to," Belladonna said. "And perhaps you can help us." "I will if I can. Any friend of Gandalf's is a friend of the Dúnedain." "We're looking for our brother, you see," Belladonna said as they hurried to catch up with Morwen's long strides. "Hildifons Took. He talked about meeting Rangers, before he left the Shire, but he hasn't returned, and it's been over a year." "Ah. I am afraid in this I cannot help you," Morwen said. "It has been many years since I have been among my people." "Where have you been, then?" Donnamira asked. "In the north." Morwen waved a hand northwest, toward the lake. "I have dwelt for some years among the Lossoth, and am only lately returned to Eriador." Morwen had made her camp on the lake shore, and once Belladonna and Donnamira had set down their packs, she showed them where she had set out nets earlier in the day in the hope of catching fish. While Donnamira helped Morwen reel the nets in, Belladonna went foraging. She found blackberry brambles heavy with ripe fruit, a delightful patch of mushrooms, and many different herbs and roots they could use to flavor whatever fish they caught. She also came upon an ancient apple orchard, the trees still flourishing, although it was too early in the year for apples. "Why don't people live here anymore?" she asked Morwen when she returned, laden with berries and roots. "It's wonderful land for farming." Morwen did not look up from the fish she was gutting. "Perhaps one day our people will return Annúminas to its former glory," she said. It wasn't really an answer, but her tone suggested that pursuing the subject would be fruitless. She shrugged and got out her cooking gear. They cooked the fish with the herbs and the mushrooms, and some wild onions Belladonna had found near the old apple orchard, and washed the meal down with clear water from a nearby stream that spilled into the lake. By that time the stars were starting to come out, and both Donnamira and Belladonna got out their pipes. Belladonna offered some of her pipe weed to Morwen, but she declined. "Tell me," she said, "why is your brother so interested in the Dúnedain?" "He used to go to Bree quite often," Donnamira said. "He said the Rangers told the best stories—when they could be convinced to, anyway, and when the rest of the company was in the right mood. He also went off with Gandalf a lot, and Gandalf is a friend to you Rangers, isn't he?" "He is," Morwen said. "Mithrandir, we call him, the Grey Pilgrim, as the Elves do, and he is always welcome among us. But if Hildifons found one of our villages, he likely did it without Gandalf's help. We do not build great cities anymore, but dwell in small settlements, hidden in the hills and valleys, and Gandalf has never before brought a visitor with him." Her gaze strayed back toward Annúminas, its crumbling towers dark shapes now against the purpling sky. Overhead the Burning Bria shone like pale points of bright fire. "I could take you to my uncle," Morwen said finally. "If any know of a Halfling dwelling among the Dúnedain, it will be him. And if he does not, perhaps my cousin will." "Is that allowed?" Belladonna asked, still thinking of Morwen's talk of secrecy, wondering why it was necessary. Certainly there were dangers out in the Wild—wolves and trolls and maybe even goblins—but that didn't seem like enough reason to hide a whole people. Certainly the Shire was not hidden, and they were safe enough; the Bounders hardly ever had trouble with outsiders. Morwen smiled at her. "Of course it is. You are friends of Gandalf, and I do not believe any hobbit would betray us to our Enemies; truthfully I worry more for your safety. You are both very young, and the Wilds of Eriador are not as safe as the Road between Buckland and Bree, and it is through the Wilds that I must take you." "We aren't afraid!" Donnamira said, straightening, jutting out her chin. "You would not say that if you knew what we might face," Morwen said, but she smiled. "But very well." They started early the next morning, when dawn was only