Title : The Things We Learned In The Forest Pairing : Jacob/Bella Genre : Drama, Romance. Rating : M (for language and smut) Summary : An unexpected meeting in the forest will change the complete dynamics of their relationship. Set in New Moon, right after Jacob phases for the first time. Written for Tamfan22. Check out the lovely banner on my Photobucket account (username : chamsp). PR : jarms Beta : Meliz875, jarms. Disclaimer : All publicly recognizable characters, settings, etc. are the property of their respective owners. The original characters and plot are the property of the author. The author is in no way associated with the owners, creators, or producers of any media franchise. No copyright infringement is intended. A/N : Woot! It feels good to be back here after such a long time. Before I start, I need to thank a few people who helped me get this piece out. MMSimpy : Thank you for making a lovely banner for this story. I've always been a fan of your artwork. It's great to have your artwork for my story. :) 3 Meliz875 : I'm so grateful to you for picking up this piece on a short notice, and for walking me through it. Thank you for your time and patience, for all the work you did on this piece in spite of your busy schedule, and for being a wonderful beta. :) 3 jarms : You're my rock. Thank you for always having my back, for supporting and guiding me in whatever I do. I wouldn't be here if not for you. Love ya, sister! Oh, and thank you for all the work you did on this piece despite being crazy busy. Mwah! :) 33 Tami : You're a real sweetheart. Thank you for bidding on me in the auction. I was supposed to give you this in mid 2015. I'm royally late (sorry doesn't even begin to cover it), but thank you for being patient and understanding. You've been nothing but super sweet to me all this time. Again, THANK YOU. I hope you like this. :) 3 Heavy feet thumped against the damp forest soil. Strong arms knocking stray branches out of the way, the young alpha struggled to remain human as the beast inside fought to break free. But he couldn't let it escape. He wouldn't. He clamped his teeth and refused because that would open the pack mind, and right now, he needed solitude. He needed time to think—to sort out the shit that turned his world upside down without warning. Two weeks ago, life was normal. Still in school, he struggled with economics and a stuck-up English teacher. Any extra energy was put to good use as he focused on ways to make Charlie Swan's daughter forget her pasty-ass ex-boyfriend and fall madly in love with him. She was everything—perfect, pure, and sexy as hell. Bella's image fueled every fantasy, driving him mad. A natural beauty, she never flaunted what she didn't know she possessed, and that combination shot his raging hormones into high gear. Beyond lust, though, Jacob loved her. He fell hard over the last several months, over the days and nights she sat in the shed watching him rebuild those rusty bikes. From her place on that couch, she thought she helped, and she did—just not in the way she claimed when people asked about their restoration project. Bella helped with sandwiches and sodas. She offered company, because in truth, he would take any excuse to be near her. He was happy she turned to him once she ventured into the world beyond her suffocating bedroom. He witnessed less brooding over her ex and more smiles directed at him. The arrangement worked and he fell hard. Just a couple of weeks ago, his life was on track, but that was before —before the Spirits "honored" him with the constant urge to turn into a giant dog and before they bestowed the great distinction of leading an angry pack of shape-shifters, most of whom wanted nothing to do with him a month ago. Now his entire existence revolved around tactical missions designed to eradicate cold, dead, bloodsucking things. Things like Bella's pasty-ass ex-boyfriend. Then, the whole imprinting business came into play. After he learned about it, he knew Bella would be his. He looked forward to at least one good thing from all this wolf voodoo shit, but his dad squashed that theory— "The Alpha doesn't imprint, son." The old man was so sure about it, which meant he was safe from experiencing a fucked up Sam/Leah/Emily love triangle. It also meant he was free to choose his mate—to choose Bella. He restored her beautiful smile, little by little, in every single thing he did for her—holding her tight, lifting her from the dismal abyss of depression after her ex abandoned her in the woods, the bikes… He replaced the broken pieces and made her whole again. He molded her into a living person and loved her more than anything. She didn't belong to some cold, dead thing. She didn't belong to someone was his. Only. His. But the girl was so damn stubborn, and it pissed him off to no end. Even more so because he knew all her ex's secrets now. Just thinking of Bella's constant obsession over that fucking leech, the obsession she could barely conceal to this day, disgusted Jacob and made his blood boil. Each self-destructive thing she routinely did for the bloodsucker, the way she chose him over everyone else in her life again and again—Jacob simply couldn't compete with that type of adoration, and as much as he loved her, in the moment, he only wanted shake some sense into her. Puffing out a barrage of angry breaths, he aimlessly wandered the forest until a scent halted him. Sweet and natural, it was the fragrance of honeysuckles on a summer breeze. Pure and innocent. Familiar and comforting. Undeniably Bella. Following the aroma, he reached a clearing. Sitting on a fallen tree, her shoulders sagged and her fingers fidgeted in her lap. Even without supernatural sight, Jacob easily saw the dark circles forming under her eyes. His voice was harsh. "What are you doing out here?" Gasping, Bella's hand flew to cover her startled heart as she looked up at the intruder. "Jake?" Surprise, relief, rejection, anger—a spectrum of emotions played on her face before leaving a scowl. "I could ask you the same thing, you know. Since when do people with mono frolick in the woods?" Mononucleosis. The excuse his dad gave every time she called searching for him. Bella was mad, and rightfully so, but he glared at her anyway. The critical mood sitting like a chip on her shoulder wavered when she realized this Jake was not the young boy she saw a few weeks ago. His height, his bulk, those rock-hard abs, his once round chin now chiseled into a rugged jawline, and the piercing gaze that held her captive… Jacob oozed masculinity. "Go home, Bella. It's not safe for you here." He took a step forward and the movement shocked her back to the present, his commanding tone reminding her she was pissed. Who did he think he was? He couldn't order her around like that! But the authority in his stance, the power in his eyes, the way his lip slightly curled while he waited for her to leave… This was definitely not her Jake. With a deep inhale, Bella squared her shoulders. "I've been worried about you, Jake—calling every chance I got. Couldn't you send me a freaking text or something? 'Cause you sure as hell don't look sick." Arms crossed, head cocked, he looked down on her and spoke slowly, "I could have, but I didn't want to." Each word hit her hard, making her flinch. This stranger in front of her looked a lot like Jake—he should be Jake because she was definitely Bells—but something was wrong because this kind of thing didn't happen to Jake and Bells. Through all the ups and downs in her life, he was her constant. Her rock when everyone else failed her, when everyone else left. Now, he needed her and she refused to let him down. Determination gave her the courage to speak, to demand to know his secret. "Jake, I—" "Don't! It's not like you—" His teeth clenched. Unable to complete the sentence, he felt his control slipping—the blaring signal that danger was on the horizon and the time for conversation was over. "Forget it, Bella. Go home where you belong." She didn't leave, though. Instead, she stood. She stayed. She ignored the telltale burn in her nose, the thickening of her throat, and she hoped he didn't notice the blotchy blush creeping up her neck. Her tears could wait— would wait —because right now, Bella wanted answers. "It's not like I what, Jake?"—and she wasn't above groveling to get them either—"Tell me. Talk to me, Jake. Please. I need you. I can't stand the thought of losing you." " Need me, huh?" he scoffed. "Cut the crap. Do us both a favor and sell the pity party to your fucking leech." Another flinch. Leech? There was no way he knew… "W-what are you saying? Jake, what do you mean?" Reaching out, he grabbed her arm. "I said. Cut. The. Crap. We both know what I mean. I'm tired of taking your shit. The minute your leech returns you're just gonna crawl back, begging him to love you again. So don't act like you give a damn about me." Each word cut deep. Was this the same patient and loving Jake who supported her, guiding her back to the land of the living? Did he think so little of her after all this time, after knowing what she went through and how she fought to overcome that dark depression? But maybe… Maybe he wasn't entirely wrong. Maybe she led him on. Jake showered her with so much care and attention, invested every bit of himself into making her whole again, and she never once thanked him. She never once considered reciprocating, and if he was mad, he had every right to be. Mere seconds passed before he released his hold and turned to leave, but Bella wouldn't let that happen. She refused to lose him. Not like this. Grabbing his massive arm, the palm of her hand dwarfed by his bulging bicep, she tugged hard. "Please. J-Jake, listen—" "No, Bella. You're not safe here." A low growl reverberated in his chest when he jerked away, breaking free of her grip. "What? Why?" She shook her head. "I don't understand. Why am I not safe?" "I don't want to hurt you." Puffing a breath through his nose—"Go. Away."—he ground the words through clenched teeth. "Jake?" No response. But he carried a cold, stern expression when he turned away, and the weight of everything, of all the implications of this encounter, suddenly crashed down on Bella, pushing her to the floor and forcing a whimper from her lips. "I need you, Jake. D-don't leave me." She cradled her head, collecting silent tears in her palms because for the first time, her heart broke over him , and she knew, she couldn't lose another person she loved. She loved . The thought made her gasp. Was it true? Was she in love with Jacob Black? Could she imagine life without him? The answer came as an emotional flood of physical ailments—desperation ached her chest, apprehension squeezed her stomach, anxiety pushed her to act—and she looked up. "P-please." A plea from her heart—barely a whisper— stopped the young alpha dead in his tracks. He turned around, guilt replacing anger when he saw the fragile form kneeling on the ground. Within a second, he stood next to her, his heart beating out of his chest. There was something in her eyes. Something new. Something pure. But he had to set things straight