AUTHOR'S NOTE So the first like 3-4 chapters are a little rushed. Sorry about that. After the story is complete I will probably come back and redo the rushed chapters. I was just worried about readers losing interest since most of the stories do plunge into action pretty fast (Least the ones I have read). If there is any other way to improve the chapters let me know in a review or PM cause that is the main reason I'm doing this is to improve writing skills. ^,^ It's that feeling you get. The one that you know it is going to be a bad day before it even begins before you even open your eyes. A pit in your stomach that never goes away. You just want to sleep all day, just let it pass and refuse to be involved in it. But I can't, today is Reaping day. The sun pours in through the clean windows and ragged curtains that do little to keep the room dark. It's nice, though, it slightly warms my skin since the fire went out late last night. The smoke of the charred logs still fills the air. I push myself up, stretching my back and arms as I emerge from underneath the darkened blankets. Far too old and worn out to provide any kind of warmth. I slip on a white shirt, baggy dark khakis, and boots. The people of average or high wealth wear more form fitted clothes, but the people of lower areas are unable to afford such cloth. We were once high wealth. My father knew how to make Morpling, a pain killer drug that a lot of District 6's population take, especially the victors. But one day some people killed him, took all his Morphling. Without knowing how to make it our family plummeted into the slums of District 6. I walk out into the kitchen area. Mom has already made a soup from carrots and mushrooms and has begun to carve chunks of wood into necklaces to sell. Her bone-thin fingers are delicate and quick, chipping away the wood. Despite also being a morphling addict, she is quite productive. Usually, the addicts lay in their houses, wasting away and hallucinating. I figured she didn't take enough of it at a time for that to be a problem for her, but she takes enough that the average symptoms have set in. Her eyes are sunken and wide, skin is an unhealthy yellowish colour, and a few of her teeth have fallen out from rotten. I tried many times to get her off of the drug, but the morphling dealers are ruthless in District 6. They hide it in food or drinks to get you addicted so they can make money. Victors are no exception either, that is how two of them got addicted. Dealers had slipped them some morpholine and they eventually got addicted to it. Victors were a big target for dealers in this district, since they had an unlimited supply of money if you got one addicted it meant you were instantly rich. I would try to get her off again but going through withdrawals takes a lot out of a person, a lot of people have died from the process. I don't think mom has what it takes to go off it again and survive, not without the help of an actual doctor but they cost so much money that it isn't an option. My young sister, Clauria, walks in. Every morning she wakes up early to gather berries from a patch of forest not far from the house. She discovered the berry bushes about a year ago. She only goes to collect them early in the morning so she isn't followed by someone and her berries are found out and taken by another inhabitant of District 6. "Morning," She smiles at me as she plops her bag of berries on the table. "More than yesterday,"I say, looking at the bag of juicy fruit. "I have been collecting food scraps and burying it by the plants, they seem to like it. Seems they double their berries every day." "Well, I ain't complaining," I pluck a berry from the bag and slip it into my mouth, feeling the skin break and my mouth flood with the juice. "Is Michelle up yet?" Clauria asks. I give my head a nod in response and Clauria leaves to go wake her up. Clauria is only 13 but she acts like she is already an adult. Helps bring food to the table, sells small items for money, she even invited Tressa, one of the victors from District 6, over for supper a few months ago. Although Tressa declined, she gave my sister enough money for us to survive for a month. A meager amount for a victor, but for a family in need, it was a lifetime of working wages. Michelle on the other hand was not as productive. She had gotten heavily into morphling a few years back, much worse than mom has. We barely see her, she lays in her room all day hallucinating, or else goes out at night to find more. I watch as Clauria walks out of the shared bedroom. They say Clauria and I could pass for twins. Green eyes, tanned skin, dark hair, both of us fit and healthy despite being poor. We did have extra meals I guess. Clauria has turned into a master pickpocket, she often walks around the richer parts of District 6 and steals money and food, only enough to not be noticed. I on the other hand got extra meals from work, after befriending a peacekeeper who guards the hob, he has brought me small amounts of money but mostly meals whenever I go into work. Clauria and I were gonna share this with Michelle and our mom, but when we did that they took the money to buy morphling, or else traded the food for it. So we saw no point in us having to starve in order to feed their drug addiction. The shell of Michelle lingers in the room like a ghost. Hallow, deathly, and quiet. Not even making a sound as she makes her way to the table. It was eerie even being around her, she looks as if she has been dead for a few weeks. Clauria had no issue with it, though, well she did in the sense of her sibling being addicted, but she can look past Michelle's looks. Clauria grabs a bowl of the soup, she sets it down in front of Michelle. "I'm going to go out," I say as I grab my bag from the hook by the door. "Ok," Clauria says with a smile. She knows what I'm doing. Our house is a few kilometres from the edge of the District, but the District is huge. From the looks of the reapings and victory tours they show on TV each year, much bigger than any of the other 11 districts. Easily housing around 1 million people. There is three poor regions of District 6, one to the south, which we are in, one to the west, and then one that is between the two. The inner district is full of tall buildings and houses made of steel and glass that was deemed unusable in factories. The district is so large that we have a train system that allows people to move around the district, if we had to walk it would take the day just to get to the square. The train today is barely filled, though. Most of the shops and factories are closed today for the Reaping, most people want to spend the day at home with their family. Today, 2 people will be taken for the Hunger Games. Their names plucked from a bowl on a stage. I was the one at the most risk in my family. Clauria has never taken out tesserae, you can get a year supply of grain and oil for 1 person in exchange for placing your name in a extra time, so her name is only in the draw twice. Michelle has 13, being 18 so her name is in 7 times plus the 6 tesserae she has taken over her years. Mine however is written on 21. 21 pieces of paper with the name Remus Kirkwood written on them. It wasn't as much as some other people, I have heard of people who have over 100 entries due to how much tesserae they take. But in my mind, 21 is a lot. The train screeches to a stop at one of the stations. A rundown deck that connects the ground to the train. Beside it, a massive dome-like building that is used to build the bases of armoured vehicles for the Capitol. It made me sick how I was helping build the Capitol's army in the event of another uprising, cause I know if there ever was another rebellion I'd be right on the front lines. I step out and stand close to the deserted factory, one of many closed for today. The gust of wind blowing up dust and providing some kind of sound. The door opening breaks that silence, though, the signal. Once I enter the factory I am grabbed from behind, slammed up against the wall. "What are you doing here?" The voice of a Peacekeeper emits from behind me. He spins me around. His full body suit is sparkling clean, pure white except for the helmet which sports a black cover over the face. It made them look like aliens, unable to see their faces, just a hard white exterior. I grab his helmet and pull it up over his face. His light, golden brown hair remains spiky despite the helmet, the hair branching down onto his jaw line in a clean stubble, and his blue eyes are mesmerizing. His face was fuller from not ever missing a meal, though he said he needs to cut back due to getting a husky body type which is not in fashion back at the Capitol. Markos smiles and plops a kiss on my lips. "I've missed you," He says. It was dangerous dating a peacekeeper. The consequences were severe since peacekeepers are forbidden to have any kind of relationship with people from the districts. But we were always friendly to one another, then one day when I was beaten by a group of addicts who thought I had morphling on me, he helped me. Just continued to grow from there. We remained careful about it. Always meeting alone, acting normal around people, not mentioning it to anyone. Clauria did find out a couple of months back. Markos had come to the back of our house to give us candy he had gotten from the Capitol and Clauria seen us. She swore never to tell anyone, though. She still waits for her time to meet him. We sit in the break room, specificity for peacekeepers. A nice open room that is well lit and clean. He has a few food items he brought from the Capitol or else from the peacekeeper quarters, a building meant for peacekeepers to live at well in districts. He gives me large chicken slices with a creamy spinach mixture in the middle alone with a pile of peas and carrots with a transparent sauce over top, and a side dish that is made up of soft bread chunks, onions, cheese, and green vegetables and herbs. I, on the other hand, have given him a good'ol District 6 breakfast. A bowl of soup my mom made from mushrooms and carrots with a chunk of bread that was made from the tesserae grain and nuts with mashed berries smeared along the top. I can see the hesitation on his face, people from the Capitol being used to flavour filled meals. But the few times I have brought him food he has had trouble