WANTING NARCISSA An Augury Origin Spin-off Detailed Description: Frustrated by 20 years of infidelity from her beloved husband, Lucius, Narcissa Malfoy offers Severus Snape a mutually beneficial arrangement: her body for his companionship. But what happens when she begins to develop more than lust for the emotionally distant Potions Master? Could falling for him be dangerous? Spanning the time between Easter 1996 and Christmas 1998, this is the story of an affair of convenience that becomes anything but convenient, as conflicting emotions from both parties threaten to destabilize what each has worked their entire adult lifetimes to build. Narcissa/Lucius, Narcissa/Snape, Bellatrix/Voldemort Rated M for Mature Readers. Includes some Cursed Child back-story. Deathly Hallows compliant. Note that Lucius Malfoy has been aged by 2 years. A/N: This fic exists in the same universe as my " ...THE DARK LORD... Augury Origin Tales " but you definitely do NOT need to read those to read this (those are more Bellatrix/Voldemort and Bellatrix/Snape than this one, and LOYAL TO THE DARK LORD is also considerably darker and more violent). Chapter One – Easter, 1996 Draco Malfoy, a fifth year student at Hogwarts, prefect, and member of Dolores Umbridge's Inquisitorial Squad, did not wish to come home for Easter. This was a decision that left his mother feeling rather unceremoniously abandoned, a disappointment compounded by the sneaking suspicion that her husband, whom she loved dearly, was again involved in an illicit affair with one of the Dark Lord's female followers (which? She couldn't rightly say, though there were only so many from which to choose). It wasn't the first time he'd stepped out on her, but that didn't make it hurt any less... and yet this perceived rejection from her only son hurt far worse. Which is why, the day before Easter, Narcissa Malfoy found herself both bored and in a bad mood, alone, abandoned, and, frankly, annoyed by the carelessness of the two men in her life, especially as they were more or less the only two people in her life. Her parents were dead, her eldest sister was in hiding after escaping her life sentence in Azkaban, her other older sister was long estranged from the Black family, the Dark Lord didn't exactly make for pleasant company, and she had never been terribly adept at striking up friendships with other women. She was passing the solitary time doing what she wasn't permitted to, strictly speaking: cooking in the kitchen of Malfoy Manor. Though she had lived in the sprawling, antiquated mansion for nearly 25 years, over half of her life, there were moments when it felt like it couldn't be further from home, namely due to the fact that certain rooms, including the kitchen, remained practically off-limits to her by the order of her husband. Lucius, who considered both himself and his bride to be of exceptionally good breeding, saw cooking as a job for servants, not an appropriate pastime for his wife. When they ate, they did so in the formal dining room, served by house elves. Always. Whether they were having a dozen guests or if it were just the two of them (with Draco off at school) it didn't matter. The kitchen was a subordinate's place for preparing food, not a Malfoy's place to consume it. But secretly, Narcissa liked cooking. Cooking was a bit like potions-making, one of the few classes in which she'd excelled at Hogwarts. Cooking was like brewing – what with the weighing and measuring and testing and experimentation and the lingering possibility one wrong move could ruin the entire thing – but unlike most potions (those that were actually fun to brew, anyway) cooking had a practical application as well. When she was done, she could eat whatever she made. Today, what she was trying to make was a cherry pie. Technically this was baking, not cooking, but she wasn't going to fuss over the particulars. As she worked to form the lattice crust, she hummed to herself. Two hours ago, she'd felt positively sour, but upon realizing having the house to herself meant she could make use of the can of cherries she'd purchased in Muggle London without anyone to stand around and judge (or ask what she'd been doing shopping for cherries in Muggle London), she was cheering significantly. Unfortunately, the feeling didn't last. She over-baked the pie, which burnt around the edges, and fell apart into a cherry liquid mess when she attempted to cut into it. Cursing, she Vanished it with her wand, now even more glad to be home alone, thus spared the shame of being caught not only cooking, but failing, and yet even more resentful about being left home alone (because who doesn't come home to visit his own mother over Easter?). Two hours later it was nearly dinnertime and Lucius was still out. Doing what? She wondered. Or, she thought bitterly, doing whom? Narcissa settled in the study, holding but not reading a book, and set to playing her favorite little mind game – "Who could my husband be fucking this time?" As usual, she mentally ran down the list of women in their social circle, though with the Dark Lord back it was just as likely to be a woman within His circle instead. First, her sister, Bellatrix Black Lestrange. She always considered the possibility of Bellatrix first. Before her stint in Azkaban, beautiful Bella had a bit of a reputation for promiscuity, but Narcissa always suspected that the bulk of her conquests came about not out of a desire to sleep around on her husband, but at the request of the Dark Lord, who seemed to look upon her as his favorite female puppet. Before Azkaban, Narcissa worried regularly about her sister stealing Lucius away, even though it was unlikely that she wanted him. It was no secret that Bellatrix Lestrange loathed Lucius Malfoy, always had, but even more so after he escaped imprisonment upon the Dark Lord's fall. On the other hand… Lucius had, on more than one occasion, made it clear to Narcissa that he found her sister attractive, desirable, worthy of his time… Ultimately, though, Narcissa always ended up crossing Bella off the list. If you can't trust your own sister, she figured, you couldn't trust anyone. Next she thought about Hortensia Higgins. Hortensia Higgins was one of the few women who could call herself a Marked Death Eater, which Narcissa suspected appealed to Lucius on a carnal level - to conquer a woman viewed to be as strong as his wife was weak would be entertaining for him. That was exactly that challenge that made Bellatrix appeal to him, but unlike Bella, Hortensia was more likely to be attainable. As an aside, Narcissa herself had never taken the Dark Mark. Never wanted it. Oh, certainly she believed in blood purity and would agree with any steps to be taken to keep Muggles and Mudbloods from poisoning good Wizarding families, but to actually pledge her allegiance and with it, her life, to a cause that could quite easily get her killed? Or require her to become a killer? As much as she supported the ideals of her husband and was keen to raise her son to believe the same, she knew she couldn't stomach being in the thick of a battle, not if there was a chance the dueling could end in death for either party. Hortensia could, though. Hortensia had been proud to take the Dark Mark. Honored. She told everyone so. There were rumors, though (which Lucius shared with his wife shamelessly delightedly) that in order for young Hortensia to have taken the Mark, she'd had to give herself to Him… and to Bellatrix. Despite Lucius' willingness to believe this, Narcissa was sure it couldn't be true. Bella's morals in that area were a bit more lax than those of either of the other Black sisters, but there was no way she'd take women to bed, not even if the Dark Lord ordered it. Of this Narcissa was confident. Well... reasonably confident. "You're getting distracted," Narcissa scolded herself. She adjusted her position in the armchair so that she was curled up more comfortably, running her fingers absentmindedly over the raise impressions on the leather bound book cover. Back to Hortensia. Hortensia had taken the Dark Mark at seventeen, not long after dropping out of Hogwarts in early 1981, making her approximately… thirty-two now. Old enough to have lost that edge of immaturity the Dark Lord once said He despised about her, but young enough that she would probably still interest Lucius. Lucius liked young, the younger the better. He always had. Unlike Bella and so many of their friends, Hortensia never saw the inside of Azkaban's terrifying walls. She claimed she was too young and too brainwashed to know what she was doing, thus it was widely accepted that she, like many others, had been acting under the effects of the Imperius Curse and was therefore not culpable in the many heinous crimes she'd committed. Narcissa considered others too, as possible current mattresses for her philandering husband. Marked Death Eaters Euphemia Rowle, Alecto Carrow, and Hazel Whitecrest were quickly dismissed as too obnoxious, too ugly, and too old. This left their other friends (or, technically speaking, the wives of Lucius' friends). After over a decade of trying, Crabbe's wife was finally expecting Baby 2, so she was out. Dolohov's wife was post-menopausal, so she was out too. Nott's wife was dead, so clearly it couldn't be her. Rodolphus' wife was Bellatrix, already covered. Snape, Travers, and her brother-in-law Rabastan did not have wives. Both Goyle's and Macnair's wives were too under-the-thumbs of their abusive husbands to risk affairs, Avery's wife was at least a hundred pounds overweight, Flint's wife was naught but skin over bones, and Narcissa couldn't imagine anyone ever wanting to spend the night with Mrs. Bulstrode, thus Narcissa's mind wandered to the Ministry, where her husband spent so much of his time, making sure – as her mother always had – to do and say all the right things in order to influence the right people. Narcissa didn't know much about the Ministry except that Victor Yaxley worked there. His wife Armithia was decent looking enough, she supposed, but since her husband's last prolonged affair had been with Armithia's sister, Endora Selwyn, who committed suicide after he'd ended it, Narcissa assumed that this pairing was unlikely. Someone new, perhaps? Someone young? Very young? Fresh out of Hogwarts? A new recruit? Fuck. It was driving her crazy. It had been driving her crazy all day. All week. All month. For six months. No. It had been driving her crazy since she found out about him and Endora Selwyn back when Draco, now nearly sixteen, was still in nappies. Narcissa's eyes brimmed with hot tears. She didn't deserve this. She was the proper sort of wife. Elegant, attractive, available, of a higher class than most, pure-blood, from a good family. She doted on her son, was dedicated to her husband, and generally devoted her life to being the trophy wife her mother raised her to be. And what did she have to show for it? Feeling fed up and perhaps a little irrational, Narcissa summoned one of the house elves (they had two who hadn't managed to get themselves freed by that damned Harry Potter, plus one they'd acquired more recently),. She told the elf she would be out for the evening and to inform Lucius of this should he return before her, then she grabbed her traveling cloak and stormed out of Malfoy Manor with the intention of staying away until she could return in a better mood. Thanks to Apparition, she soon found herself in Hogsmeade. She did a little window shopping but bought nothing because even retail therapy wouldn't help at the moment, considered stopping at the pub for a glass of red wine (though she knew she shouldn't be drinking alone in public –