DEVOTED TO DARKNESS An Augury Origin Spin-off Detailed Description: It's 1968. Bellatrix Black is a seventh year at Hogwarts. She's brilliant, but bored… until she meets Him. Tom Riddle. The Dark Lord. He's older, handsome, charming. Mysterious. He's already gathering a following, gearing up for war. He's going to change the Wizarding World. Infatuated from their very first encounter, Bella goes to bed with Him, then, months later, risks expulsion to sneak away with Him over a Hogsmeade weekend. It doesn't take long for her to develop an obsession with the Dark Lord, but is giving herself to a man who promises to hurt her worth the pain… if He's promising to save her, too? A short, smutty fic with somewhat violent undertones about our favorite Death Eater's earlier life with the Dark Lord. It skips around between their meeting in 1968 and his fall in 1981. DEVOTED TO DARKNESS is a companion piece to my Augury Origin series that began with MISTRESS OF THE DARK LORD, which includes Cursed Child spoilers It will be updated sporadically. This fic picks up after the conversation Voldemort and Bellatrix have in the pub where they met, shortly before she heads back to Hogwarts. You can find it in Chapter Five of LOYAL TO THE DARK LORD. It is being updated slowly, during lulls with my other fics, at least for now. DEVOTED TO DARKNESS PART ONE: INTRODUCTION 1968 They met in a tiny, dingy pub down on Knockturn Alley. Late August, 1968. She was wearing a low-cut corseted dress, drinking firewhiskey, and reading Magick Moste Evil. She was, generally, not paying any mind to anyone else in the crowded pub, and especially not paying attention to any man who tried to pick her up or buy her a drink. He was wearing a gray Muggle suit under his Wizard's robes, which He hated, but it was necessary as he'd had business in London earlier in the evening. He was in a bad mood because a contact He'd hope would turn into a new follower had most unfortunately fallen through. He was instantly attracted to her. It might have been the way her dress clung to the curve of her breasts or the untamed wildness of her black curly hair or the stark contrast of it against the bare alabaster shoulders against which it fell. It might have been her deep-set, heavy-lidded eyes, darting back and forth across the page as she drank in every word. It might have been pout of her lips, accented by Merlot-colored lipstick. It might have been the choice of drink for a witch so young, or it might have been that she was reading a restricted book of dark magic right out in the open as if it were the Daily Prophet. But if He was being completely honest, He would have to say that that most attracted Him to her was the arrogant air about her. Before she'd even spoken or looked at Him, He could discern that she thought she was better than anyone else in the room. He wanted to know why. He wanted to prove her wrong... or let her prove him right. So He sat across from her. "I'm not looking for friends," she said, not looking up from the page. "Neither am I," he said as if bored by her presence. "I need a place to sit. This seat is available." She stole glances at him over her book as he sipped his drink - elf made bourbon. Eventually they began to talk. "Are you a student?" "Yes. Hogwarts, seventh year." Still, she did not look up from the book. "Slytherin." "I was in Slytherin." He fingered the large, ornate ring on his middle finger, the one that had belonged to Salazar Slytherin himself. "Is Dumbledore still Deputy Headmaster?" "He's Headmaster now." "Vile, a Muggle-lover in charge of our youth. I hope he hasn't poisoned your brain with that coexistence rubbish." Now he had her attention. She did not set her book down, but she did make eye contact. "My family belongs to the Sacred 28. Not a drop of dirty blood in over seven centuries of record keeping. If Dumbledore and his ilk had it their way, we'd all be mating with Muggles." He half-smiled. She was even more attractive than He'd initially realized. He launched into His usual spiel, the one reserved for those he suspected sympathetic to His cause, but tailored it more specifically to her as a young woman than He would to the men with whom He typically interacted. Rather than speak of power and violence and control, He spoke of rights and usurpation and restoration. Finally, she folded down the page of her book and set it on the table. Her vision tunneled, and soon it was as thought they were the only two people in the pub. Perhaps the only two people in the world. He found He wanted this girl – and she was just a girl – and as His promises of domination over Muggleborns and the eradication of Mudbloods excited her, He found Himself getting excited too… in a different way. Though He was a good-looking and charming man, He'd always been, it had been some time since He last found a woman He was interested in bedding. Sure, He fucked around. There was no shortage of willing women. But He wanted to take this girl, to claim her, to hear her beg for Him… He wanted to pleasure her and gain her full devotion to Him. He wanted her to be willing and eager but He also wanted her to present a challenge, not to throw herself at Him. She nodded vigorously. She rubbed his forearm. She twirled her hair and smiled at him. He bought her more liquor. He touched her knee. He told her He wanted to get to know her better. She asked him how she could join His cause, how she could make a difference. He took her upstairs to the room He was renting. Once the door was closed, He kissed her. Roughly. No pretense, no warning. She responded, parting her lips, granting His tongue entrance, pressing her upper body against His. He felt a familiar tug in His groin. That was all it had taken – all she'd had to do was return His kiss and close the space between them, and He was hard. "Are you a virgin?" He growled in her ear. He wanted her to be a virgin. He wanted to take that from her. "Yes," she whispered, and without Legilimency He was sure she was telling the truth. "It's going to hurt," He warned. "Good," she said, looking straight into His eyes. "I like pain." This, He could tell, was a lie, but it was only His ability to read minds and emotions that told Him as much, and the fact that she would say it when it wasn't true only excited Him more. "You will," He assured her. He grabbed her by the upper arm and threw her down toward the bed. She landed with her knees on the floor and the mattress pressing against her midsection. Before she could re-position herself to be facing Him, He was behind her, grinding against her ass, one of His hands making its way to her chest. "You're going to do as I tell you," He said, squeezing her breast, thrusting His hardness against her through their clothes. "If I tell you to open your mouth, you'll open it. If I tell you to spread your legs, you'll spread them." "Fuck off," she said, despite being weak-kneed with want for Him. "I don't take orders from anyone." This made Him smile. She was perfect. Precisely what He'd been looking for. "You'll take orders from me and you'll like it." "If I want you in my mouth, I'll open my mouth. If I want you between my legs, I'll…" "Trust me," He growled, His mouth barely a breath away from her ear. "You'll want me between your legs." He continued to caress her breasts with His hands, grinding against her, while His lips and tongue made their way from just under her ear to her neck to her shoulder. He bit and kissed and sucked at her skin and she felt her resolve waning even further as, for the first time, her body ached for the touch of a man. "Am I making you wet?" He asked in response to her desperate squirming. He rubbed between her legs with one hand. She clenched her teeth, refusing to give Him the satisfaction of knowing she liked what He was doing. "Well?" "You're alright," she said. He laughed, stood, and grabbed her by the wild curls on the back of her head. He forced her to turn, still on her knees, and undid his Muggle trousers. "Have you done this before?" He asked as he freed His hard cock from the confines of His clothes. "No," she answered. (This, too, was a lie.) "Open your mouth," He demanded. She raised an eyebrow. "What if I don't want to? What if I say no?" "You don't want to say no," He said. "And if you're good at this, I'll be good to you." She stared up at Him, dark eyes flashing but narrowed, pupils dilated, torn between the desire to please him and be pleased by Him and her inherent need to fight back and win, no matter the battle. After a pause, during which He remained still and unspeaking, she took Him in her hand and began to stroke. He smirked. She was smart, He'd give her that. By doing this, she was neither complying with His request nor denying Him what He wanted. She was strong-willed. Attractive. Young. A fighter. Unafraid of pain. Yes. She was precisely what He'd been looking for. She flicked out her tongue like a snake, barely making contact with the head of His manhood, teasing Him, torturing Him. To His surprise, He found He liked it. Finally, she took Him in her mouth, licking His shaft, sucking hard, still stroking Him with her hand. For a girl who claimed no experience, she certainly seemed to know what she was doing. He hadn't intended to let this act result in His completion but as she sped up the movements of her mouth and hand, He could feel Himself getting close. Still holding tightly onto the back of her hair, He forced Himself deeper into her throat, making her gag as He thrust, and then withdrawing almost entirely, over and over. When He pulled out again, she took the opportunity to suck harder on His tip, still stroking with her hand, and that was when He lost control. He came in her mouth and to His pleasant surprise, she swallowed Him, moaning just as He was, happy to have pleased Him. Using her hair to do so, He pulled her into a standing position. They made eye contact for a long, silent moment. He expected to see what He usually saw in the eyes of women He was bedding for the first time, especially virgins: insecurity. Fear. But insecurity and fear did not exist in the expression of this girl. This woman. She'd told Him she was seventeen, which meant she was of age in the Wizarding World, though she was still a student at Hogwarts – which might prove to be of value to Him, too. He smiled. "I was good at that," she said, as if challenging Him. "You said, in exchange, you'd be good to me. Are you the sort of man who keeps up His end of a bargain?" "On the bed." She crawled on and positioned herself on her knees, hands on her hips, facing Him. "What now?" He took her chin between His thumb and forefinger, tilting her face up, and, much more gently than He usually would, He kissed her. Again it was she