Author Notes and Disclaimer: I don't pretend to own the Harry Potter franchise and make no money off this. This story is NOT a sequel, prequel or otherwise continuation of my first story. It is NOT very similar either so be warned. This one is pretty much PG 13 or however you'd call a story that doesn't contain too mature themes and such. It is not an epic saga, it will be pretty short (3 chapters), and doesn't really serve a purpose or lead to an ending that carries meaning or anything fancy like that, it's just a small story I wrote when I didn't have much work to do at my job. Basically an extended oneshot. For the multiple request of making a sequel to "Too young to die", I will say that it might happen as I do enjoy writing, but I wouldn't count on it because I haven't even started to think about it as of now. That said, please enjoy and review. Chapter One. First Episode. Harry ducked under a flying, fuzzy slipper as he himself almost slipped onto the equally fuzzy carpet upon entry in the living room. He had been, and still was, running at full speed - following the swarm of blond hair and corks and metal caps in front of him, his good friend and important ally Luna Lovegood. She grabbed the real-marble kitchen top and sprang herself over it like a culinary gymnast of some sort, gracefully avoiding the ham and ham pieces and ham knife, she landed and turned a sharp left, into the corridor. Harry followed with roughly the same finesse, or at least he didn't look at what he left behind, and set into the corridor, now limping due to a small miscalculation that had gotten his knee gently slapped against the stone. The corridor had the same fuzzy consistence to it, the walls were of a crumbling dark green wallpaper - the Wizard type, the one made of cloth and left to mold behind several high-ceiling pendulums; the floor was creaking wooden planks covered with a dark red carpet and - too late, they were out of the corridor, flung through a door opened with either Luna's or Harry's shoulder, none could tell, and they were in the living room. Soon enough, Luna had dived over the couch and rolled on the other side, Harry jumped it and its occupants - he noticed them mid-jump as the old man reading his newspaper took out his pipe and gave him an acknowledgment nod; "My good sir.", he added - and Harry landed on his feet, the momentum carried him forward too fast and he bowled into Luna. They both got back up quickly and started running again when the muggle electrical toaster tossed tasty toasts in the air with that "tchak" noise, as if it had been the cue they'd been waiting for. They barreled through the bathroom, then in another corridor, then about five guest rooms, and in another living room, this one with a fireplace, and back in a corridor again. Harry was not feeling tired just yet, every stride he took, he could feel a jolt of adrenaline pushed into his system; they were in a room again, Luna stopped dead and snapped her head to the right door - a splendid teak double-door of intricate craftsmanship with bronze latches. "The Nure are catching up, this is a shortcut!" she yelled, before kicking them open and disappearing in the next room. Harry nodded, the Nure had been chasing them for several hours now, they indeed needed a shortcut to widen the gap, although... "The Nure has the key to the Netherlands," he'd yell back, in between two gasps, "We need to go down several levels to find another key." "I know that!", she didn't miss a beat, " - this is going to take us down!". They ran down the small spiraling staircase, the steps were incredibly thin and narrow, their rhythm echoed this new situation as their own steps echoed low thumps in the structure of this immense house. "We've already gone down fifteen levels, I'd reckon we're good now!" he called after a moment of careful stepping down. "We're running out of time!" she responded, which threw him off suddenly. "What do you mean?" "Cookies are going to get cold if we don't hurry up!" she insisted. he accelerated, pushing her down from behind, "Well, hurry up, will you?". Pushing down? No, pushing up, they were going up; Harry stopped dead. Something was amiss. Something wasn't right, cookies? "The Nure..." he whispered, then, it hit him, like a full-speed hypogriff hits a rabbit. Of course. Of course it was, how nonsensical was this whole situation, and Luna... he was here with Luna for a reason, he knew that. "Luna!" he shouted, "We've got to get out of the building, now!", he couldn't see her anymore in the staircase but knew she was just here. "It's going to blow up!" They both ran out of the staircase and into a corridor with a great, shiny window at the end. They raced one another and reached it quickly, fighting for the latch to open it. "Let me -" "Let me do it! "sstop!" "Argh!" she had bit him on the shoulder. Harry pushed the window wide open and they both jumped out of it. Luna screamed a shrill scream shortly silenced by mouth and ears full of warm water as they sunk into a naturally-carved pool. Harry rose out and scanned the horizon for signs of his friend, through voluptuous clouds of steam lazily drifting away from the surface, he could only see rocks and exotic vegetation, flowers - lotuses, white lilies and irises - in elegant Asiatic vases, stools and buckets of polished wood - a square, soapy sponge - and eventually, Luna, in a two-piece muggle bathing suit. "This place used to be more... vain and uppity, but they've renewed to attract new customers - I like it very much - very... Feng Shui wouldn't you say? I dare even say they've gone for a Lamine protocol and eradicated all strains of Fallacious Shauberts." "Fallacious what now?" he questioned, swimming toward the teenager as she dipped a toe in the hot spring bath. "Shauberts. Fallacious Whatnows have been chased out of Britain long ago." "Are we in Britain, though?", Luna looked at him, amused, "Of course we are, you lunatic. Have you changed into your bathing suit?". Harry realized his robes - or whatever he'd been wearing - had disappeared and until he thought about it, nobody could tell what he was wearing under the surface. "I haven't brought one, you know the tradition is to become one with the elements". Luna nodded, "Natural, huh, I agree to that. To each his own I suppose but those muggle suits are strangely uncomfortable.". Without actually thinking anything over the line, Harry playfully jabbed that she was even more uncomfortable about going the natural way, to which she took offense. "You underestimate my self-esteem, Harry, I am a witch.". She moved her arms behind her back, reaching for the middle of it, and started fiddling with the clasp or knot holding her top piece, Harry, instantly feeling wrong for having accidentally put himself in this potentially uncomfortable situation, also found himself accidentally very interested by how this situation would play out. Finally, Luna had finished to undo the obstacle, and the piece of cloth fell down slowly - very slowly - extremely slowly - and Harry rose in his bed, a long inhalation of steam and flowery scent still in his nose and the silk sheets of Hogwarts tense in his gripped hands. His eyes wide open, he was staring at the very quiet drape closing his bed and, fell backwards with a sigh, startling his three pillows. "Damn it." he whispered. Second Episode. Brow furrowed and pensively rubbing his chin, sullen Harry Potter lazily strolled through the Eight Corridor of Disenchantments - literally, this was the name of the corridor - his left hand on his schoolboy satchel and his mind exploring the ramifications of his last-late-night encounter. Those ramifications, at first, involving things of the flesh that a healthy fourteen years old boy could not blame himself to consider, were now touching more philosophical subjects; namely: was it right, or wrong? "Just as a child, not knowing smarter, tricked into gambling their pocket money..." he mumbled mysteriously, nodding to his analogy. He had nudged, without a doubt, and in a larger sense, initiated the entire thing. He was liable and responsible for her actions, which was a strange thing to think, he understood, but true in many ways - and was this near-outcome acceptable? Considering Ginny was his one and only and had been for some amount of time, probably not - thank Merlin, he thought, she would never know about this. He passed a suit of armor and returned its bow absentmindedly with a nod, turning his thoughts around. Lovegood was not an easy read by any stretch of the imagination, what she had in mind and what pushed her to say or do the things she did or said was a mystery most likely even to herself - he knew that, yet, he needed to explore at least what it could have meant, for her. "Mmmmmh..." he said. "Well, I suppose at least I'm getting good at shaking it off." he smiled. Indeed, recognizing a dream is no easy business due to the nature of dreams, and Harry was getting better at it - he allowed himself to drop morality issues for a moment and indulge in self-congratulation, it had been a near-success - no, he corrected himself and re-adjusted his goals, an actual success in terms of figuring out the dream. What went down in the dream was merely consequential, incidental even, and he would leave it at that. "Hey Harry." said his friend from behind him as he caught up. "Hey Ron." They walked silently, Harry was still somewhat thinking about Luna without really thinking about her. "What class do we have again?", "Potions, Ronald, like every Tuesday morning. Four hours.". Ron groaned. "I think that's it for me, I've reached my limit. Harry, please kill me.", "Ask Hermione, here she is." he nodded at Hermione coming out of the Trophy Room - a shortcut from the second floor's girl's bathroom. "Hermione, Harry won't, so please kill me, pretty please?" begged Ron loud enough for her to take notice of them. "Hi." she said simply. They caught up with some other housemates and mumbled some greetings, shook some hands and stepped into Snape's torture dungeon. "Dean's still acting weird, uh.", "Yeah, I guess." said Harry. Hermione raised her eyebrows, "Because of the dragon stunt you mean?", they nodded the affirmative. Dean hadn't been the only one to act weird around him since the first task - they were somewhat awed, perhaps not quite sure it had been real and the guy standing here was really that same guy that out-flew a dragon on a broomstick. "Don't get me started on that, I cannot listen one more time to the girls rave about Harry, those hypocrites.", Ron looked like he swallowed a quip - probably to avoid angering Hermione that early in the day - as they sat down and braced for the four hours lesson. Harry straightened up slightly, unusual for him, this time was different, he'd try to give off a somewhat okay impression to this tyrant of a professor. The door slammed open, as usual, and Snape rushed in like they were not even here. He scribbled some stuff on the board and turned to the class to utter the usual words: "Two hours. Begin.", before sitting behind his desk to read a surely very dark book. Harry had been focusing on doing a good enough potion setup for what seemed like hours - it was a