Author's Note: (CHAPTER 1 has been added after Prologue!) Disclaimer: First and foremost, I will never own Twilight. Sadly, anyway. Second, I know everyone hates Author's Notes(including me) so I'll try to make it brief. So this story was inspired by a combination of my favorite stories on FFN. I've always thought about what it'd be like for the Twilight characters to all be human and experience human things, so I wrote about it. It does contain graphic material and may cause triggers or flashbacks, so I strictly suggest you reconsider reading if you or someone you know has dealt with abuse, eating disorders, trauma, PTSD or anxiety. Thank you for listening to my blah blah, speak to you soon. PS- Updates will depend on reviews. More review= more updates. We'll see! Thank you for your time! Prologue- Nightmare (Bella POV) It's 3 am and I can't find it in me to go back to sleep, no matter how incessantly I turn over on this scratchy white bed. It's almost become a weekend routine now, waking from the nightmare and going downstairs to try and recover composure. I couldn't do that if he were home on the weekends, because when he's home during the week, I have no choice but to hold back the screams and swallow the sorrow. So while he's gone, I take advantage and try to relax. I slowly crawl out of my bed and slip on the black robe Alice, my best friend, gave me, then foot-slog downstairs. I look around the white plain house, taking in its beauty while he is away. I have to admit, it's much quieter than usual, but not the way I wish it would be. The loud, whipping sound of Washington's bloody rain slams the house from every side, and it puts me on edge, reminding me of Charlie's agonizing belt. I worry about what I'll be beaten for this week. I shudder in fear, afraid that this weekend will end so shortly, and he will be back to scrutinize every single thing I do. How I wish my mommy Renee, was still with me. In a sudden rush of nostalgia, I remember my mother's wise words, always reminding me to stay true to myself, work hard and take a chance in life. Her intense, irresistible optimism always used to soothe away my childish worries. I am not the same little child anymore with childish dilemmas, but I need her words more than ever to help me get through each day. But she's gone forever. Years ago, Charlie would take me to day care, would constantly have me be doing things so I had no time in the day to recall the accident. As I grew older, nothing could keep me from remembering the painful truth. Now, there's no distraction to mask reality. Now, I know that she's never coming back. I walk into the kitchen and head for the fridge, hastily grabbing a cold water bottle and taking a huge swig from it. Why am I so thirsty? I make myself a quick, boiling hot mint tea and pace around the kitchen, hugging my freakishly small waist, contemplating whether I should call Alice or not. I don't want to wake her . She needs her beauty sleep, as she calls it. But at the same time, I have so much to release, so much to kick out of my system, and talking to Alice always seems to calm me, even if it's just for a short while. She and I are as close as sisters can get, and even though we are not biologically related, we might as well be. Okay, honestly we're complete opposites, from completely different gene pools. She's beautiful, she loves to have fun, and is outgoing as hell. Short and petite, a glowing black bob hairstyle, the impeccable skin any model would kill for, and well she could be wearing rags and look stunning. Blue-eyed, diamond-faced, pretty little woman. We're the same height, same shoe size, same clothing size...but she is still much, much prettier than me. Because...well I'm not beautiful. My big brown dull eyes are extremely large on my too thin, strawberry shaped face. I'm too plain. There's nothing that stands out ... unless we're talking about bitchiness. I'm a big pain in the ass to talk to I think. I can be a huge bitch to people in general. And then there's males. They try to start up a smart chat with me or Al, and I blow them off. Some thing about them...it's greedy. Like they're just out there for the kill. So anyway... how did we end up as best friends? That's something we'll never truly know. Ever since freshman year when we met, we somehow understood each other, bonded like no other. Three awkward run-ins, two spilled coffees, and a wardrobe malfunction later, we grew to trust each other, and tell each other nearly everything. She knows most of my demons like I know all of hers. I settle for reclining against the brown living room couch and finishing my tea, trying to just.. not think. I don't want to fall for my bulimic ways anymore, it's not a natural way to satisfy myself. I know it hurts me, and I know I can't do it anymore or I'll end up...hospitalized. But it's the only way I know. When even my dearest and only friend can't comfort me, I turn towards purging. It's not safe, I know. But when you have so many demons eating at you, there's nothing else you can do but find a way to purge all your misery, one way or another. For me, it isn't alcohol... It isn't cutting. It isn't drugs or sex. It isn't rebelling against everything and everyone I know. My mother set firm and clear values and principles for me. For me, the way to escape is throwing up everything in my body, expelling the contents to try and feel renewed, clean. But it works as much as anything could, I think. It only leaves me feeling numb. It's been a week since I've been at it, but the aching need for numbness is crying out to me, and my weak mind falls for it once more. I swore to Alice I'd stop. But I can't. The empty teacup slips from my hands as I hurl towards the bathroom, and try to ignore the stinging tears coming from the depth of my dark soul. Chapter 1- Forks High Charlie has returned. It's Monday morning, and my alert switch is back on. Alice should be here at any moment now, and I'm praying I'm out the door before he can reach me. He would've left by now, as he typically leaves early in the morning, but I haven't heard his truck's engine begin. He was probably out all night drinking, so he's either running late or not going to work today at all. Like it matters to him. I jump out of bed, quickly pulling on faded black jeans, a black long sleeved blouse, combat boots, and my mother's old baseball cap,before I spring to the restroom. I brush my teeth fiercely and grab my book bag, then run down the hall towards the stairs. I don't even take the time to look at my sunken, outlandish freak face in the mirror. I listen for snoring, and when I hear it, I run downstairs with my bag flailing behind me. I can't figure out why he hasn't left yet. Don't look back, don't look back. Just as I'm reaching the door, the dreaded raspy voice calls out my name. My throat constricts in fear. Please, God or whatever universal outer figure is out there, please. Not today. I don't want to make up an excuse today. I've gone to school with a black eye before, and it was not fun. Alice knows about my purging. She knows about my mom. She knows about how I was nearly abused a few years ago as a result of trying to escape. She knows every embarrassing, or dark thing there is to know about me. But this is something I can't bring myself to tell her. I don't have it in me. She would raise hell on Earth if I told her what Charlie was really like. When she saw my black eye last month, I said I'd hit it while hanging a picture frame in the living room with Charlie. She'd bought it. I hated keeping secrets from her. I didn't want to have to lie...again. I hear the blaring horn of Alice's Mustang, but slowly turn towards Charlie, who is hobbling rather quickly towards me. Please, please don't. I cower by the door, looking down as I hear his heavy footsteps approach me. Once I can smell that revolting, gruesome alcoholic smell and the stale Camel cigarette stench, I make the mistake of looking up, asking for mercy. I glance up at his tall, familiar form and as soon as I do, he wraps his thick arms around my waist and pulls me towards him, then inhales. I think I'm about to puke. I feel my phone vibrate in my pocket and I know it's Alice. "Please, please,Char -I mean... Dad...I'm going to be late."I whimper, trying to not wince as his filthy hands roam my body. "Look me in the eyes, honey." he murmurs, and I do as am told, afraid of what will happen if I don't. He smiles slowly, revealing a row of stained, maltreated teeth. I want to puke and run at the same time. "Good. Now remember, be a good girl at school and work, then...come back here safe and sound, okay? Don't be home late."he warns. He runs a finger down my back and back up to tap mother's baseball cap. I struggle to keep a straight face. I nod carefully. Like he cares about my safety. "Yes." His eyes darken and he pulls at my dark hair. I realize my mistake instantly. "Yes what?!" He yells as he tightens the grip on my hair. "Yes, Dad. Yes. I-I'll be good. I won't be home late. Please, just..." He squeezes my arm too tightly, and I inhale sharply. He smiles and releases it. Teasing at what is to come, his favorite game to play. Actually, his favorite game is while he hurts me, but his second favorite is teasing. My stomach trembles as he guffaws loudly and smoothes my hair in place. He plants a wet, sloppy kiss on my cheek, and my fists clench so tightly I can just about see the bone underneath my translucent skin. The threatening tears form in my eye sockets and all I can do is blink them back. I can barely register when he has put his hands down and hobbles towards the kitchen. He grabs a cold beer from the fridge and looks menacingly at me over his shoulder. "Be back soon, my baby girl." I exhale the breath I've been holding. Composure. Alice is outside. He makes me sick. I struggle to find my muscles and as soon as I see his bedraggled, drunk self walk up the stairs, I run out the door, and cross the street, where an irritated, narrow-eyed Alice, watches me like an eagle, tapping her steering wheel with her perfectly manicured red nails. I try to compose my face as I wave at her and try to look as serene as possible. "Sorry Alice, my alarm didn't wake me. How's your morning?" I try to sound cheerful and swing my bag onto the backseat then hop in beside my gremlin little friend. Her irritated look quickly vanishes as she drives down Vixen St, and onto the freeway towards school. "Oh Bells, I've got tons to tell you, but first, let's talk about your eyes. Sweetie, have you even been sleeping? You look like the dead. I mean, don't get me wrong, you'd