AN: A romance story, plot is somewhere behind the curtains, but it is there. Warning: male/male ghaphical sex, NC-17, mpreg Chapter I It was the greatest day. One where everybody was ridiculously happy, roaring drunk and crying out things like "You-Know-Who is gone! Let us drink for Harry Potter!" "Cheer, cheers! For our Saviour!" To be truthful, this warm and sunny day of June very much resembled in its joyous atmosphere the Halloween night sixteen years ago when the Dark Lord had been temporarily banished by a small baby-boy. The final battle was, of course, glorious. Of course, it happened on the Hogwarts grounds, and, of course, it happened, at the end of the seventh year, very near to Harry Potter's graduation. The showdown itself was surprisingly short. As soon as Voldemort took his most imposing and evil-looking stance and opened his mouth to exchange the necessary scathing lines with his opponent, the Hero muttered something under his breath and waved his wand in a large vertical arch. For a moment, nothing happened. Then the body of the most dangerous Dark Lord of all times and seasons crumbled to dust. Everybody was understandably shocked, and some swift-thinking DEs took this chance to escape justice. Thankfully, though, the majority was just as stupefied as the Light Side and was easily apprehended by the arriving Aurors. Everybody celebrated. Everybody was happy. Everybody but the one and only hero of the day. The teen looked pensive. He accepted all the congratulations with surprising grace and disappeared into the shadows a short while after the beginning of the hastily organized banquet. The Destroyer of Voldemort now stood dejectedly deep under the foundations of the Hogwarts castle in a small and cozy chamber, facing the portrait of a middle-aged man. Harry still wore his battle robes that were singed and dirty due to all the fights he had to endure before he finally faced Voldemort. "I see you've finally done it…" The man in the portrait casually remarked, his pale lips smirking and dark-blue eyes glinting dangerously. "Yes," was the only thing that Harry uttered. " Are you truly ready, Harry? " the soft seductive hissing caused Harry's hair to stand on end. He involuntarily shivered. "I've come to fulfill my part of the agreement. You have yet to stipulate what exactly you are expecting of me." Harry was indeed ready. After all, it was Salazar who helped him defeat Voldemort. Though being the original Slytherin and all that, he didn't do it selflessly. The sneaky portrait asked the young wizard to swear an oath to do a favor for the deceased founder. Harry naturally made stipulations, such as not harming his friends and innocents, but, nevertheless, agreed. "I am curious… What is it that you require of me?" Harry repeated his question. "Do you want me to become the next Dark Lord? Do you want me to grant the Slytherin students the authority in the school? Breed a new Basilisk? Perhaps, move the Slytherin dormitories into some less damp location?.." Salazar studied him with the same smirk adorning his aristocratic features. "All tempting, but no… What I want… What I want, for now, is for you to come visit me inside this portrait. Then we'll discuss it further." "And just how do I do that?" Harry looked skeptical. "It's quite simple, really. Just reach for my hand…" Hesitantly, Harry touched the canvas and the next moment he was pulled inside. He stumbled in surprise and would have fallen, if not for the strong hands that supported him. The green-eyed boy was shocked to feel another being's body warmth and breath ghosting over his ear. He looked up and drowned in the familiar smoldering eyes of the founder. The man felt so very real at the moment. The teen realized that Salazar was taller than him by at least half a foot and much more muscular. He suddenly felt himself lacking. How a portrait could have such predatory and wild air around him, Harry would never know. Silently, he disentangled himself from the accidental embrace and looked around. He was in a large room that combined in itself bedroom, parlor and office. And it had a door, leading… somewhere. He had only seen a small part of the room from the outside. How curious. He turned around and saw the chamber he came from in the wall-length painting. "Take a seat, Harry," Salazar gestured to an inviting-looking armchair near the lit fireplace. The young wizard did just that. He was nervous. He was wary. He never expected to come into such close proximity to Salazar. Harry knew very well how dangerous the man was. Would he be killed now? What should he expect?.. And the bastard seemed to enjoy his fidgeting. The dark-brown-haired man sat in the twin armchair and simply stared at the boy. The silence stretched and stretched until it became unbearable. "I am waiting… What do you want out of this deal?" " Harry, Harry, has anybody never told you before that patience is a virtue?.. Why do you begrudge me some company? Let me enjoy it, while I can. It has being so many lonely centuries…" " Talk!" demanded Harry, his eyes flashing. "Oh, well. The youth today… No respect for elders…" "Are you quite done with the clowning yet?" asked the green-eyed teen harshly. Salazar's face suddenly became blank and threatening. "Very well, if you want it this way. Now, I presume, that you realize Tom was my last living descendant running around and that with his death the Slytherin line has died out?" Harry kept silence. "You do. What I want from you, Harry, is… an heir." Harry started and mulled the revelation over in his head. "You want me to become your heir?" "Hm-m. You are worthy, yes. But no. While it is still a viable option, can you imagine an offspring who'll combine the best parts of you and me? We're both very powerful wizards and our children would be even more so…" Harry didn't like the predatory look in the older man's eyes. In fact, he didn't like this conversation at all. "But you're… well, dead! And we're both males! Are you insane?!" "You know, Harry, there is such thing as magic. It makes many things possible. Besides, the dimension inside this portrait has its own rules – my will. What I want to happen – will happen. So you should be prepared to spend the next nine or ten months here, with me. You'll give birth here, and then you would be free to leave. Of course, you'll also have to raise the child when outside, but I don't think you'll be against this part of the bargain." Harry was grossed out and not a little terrified. "Well, I guess I had to go and warn my friends that I will be away for a while…" Harry muttered feeling numb and standing up on the autopilot. He headed blindly towards the exit out of this hell. Before he could escape, he was caught, his back pressed up against the taller man. Salazar leaned down ghosting his lips over the green-eyed boy's neck and hissing amusedly. " Now, Harry, normally I would trust the person to come back, not wanting to lose their magic. But with you being raised a Muggle, I can imagine you taking that risk… So, I'm afraid your friends will have to agonize about your unexpected departure… Can't be helped. " "I would never…" Harry's breath sped up. He tried to break away, but Salazar held him firmly. The other man's hands ran up and down his torso and then to his head, messing up his hair… A panic was encroaching upon him, his vision swam and bells rang in his ears from shock… And suddenly he was free. " You are quite dirty, Harry ," said the founder good-naturedly. "Perhaps, you would like to take a bath?" "I… Yes. Yes, bath sounds nice," Harry agreed in a daze, happy at the opportunity to be alone and gather his thoughts. "I'll show you the way then. Follow me…" Salazar headed towards the mysterious door. They came through and… How the hell was this possible? He was standing in the hallway of a pretty large-looking mansion. The setting sun shined through the tall stained-glass windows, casting colorful shades on the silver-and-green interior. "How…" "Magic." Harry glowered at the wall in front of him. Why did he agree to this? Oh yes, Voldemort. If the ugly arse were still alive, he would have killed in a decidedly more painful manner. The bathroom was all about size and splendor… But it was good. He felt cleaner and more refreshed and his thoughts were more focused. He still wanted to cling to the hope that he would, perhaps, drink some kind of arcane potion and magically (heh) get pregnant, but upon seeing the clothes that were left for him to wear… He had no choice but to discard this naive thinking. Harry had to think realistic. The man spent quite some time in the portrait without indulging himself in carnal activities. At least not with a partner. Harry sighed and bravely put on the indecent see-through pajamas. His hands were shaking. He hated it. The wizard decided to be vindictive and put on the clothes on his still wet body. The already slutty material now looked even more whorish. He didn't care. If he had to go through this shit then he at least wanted the pervert founder to lose some of his aloof and cool exterior. Salazar was waiting for him in the parlor. Harry walked confidently through the door, mussing up his wet hair and asked trying to look uncaring: "Where do I sleep?" Salazar looked up from a book he was reading and his eyes seemed to scorch his skin. Harry wouldn't be surprised to see the mist coming from his wet self. "Where do you sleep?.." the older man repeated the question, standing up from a couch. "Where do you sleep, huh? Harry, I know you are not that oblivious. Tonight you won't sleep… " Harry suddenly felt faint. Was he really ready for this? He looked at the approaching figure and gulped. No. No, he was definitely not ready. 'Goodbye, my virginity. Sorry, Ginny… Guess, our dreams of hot post-graduation sex weren't meant to be…' His inner ramblings were interrupted by a hand lifting up his chin. His eyes that he closed in panic flew open. And he was burning… He was devoured by the fire in Salazar's eyes. Then he felt the other man's lips on his own. Pressing, moving, licking… The foreign tongue invaded his mouth, teased the roof of his mouth, inviting Harry's own tongue to join in the dance. What else could he have done in this situation? He was the same hormonal teenager as the rest of them. Of course, he had responded. Harry's hands out of their own will buried in Salazar's shoulder-length hair. It was soft and silky to touch. It wasn't enough. He yanked the dark-brown strands, forcing the taller male to stumble and their bodies to touch. Salazar yelped in surprise and broke the kiss. But didn't move away. "My, my, you're not behaving like a passive and confused little virgin, Harry. Why is it so?" Was there a hint of jealousy in the blackened eyes of the ancient wizard? No, couldn't be. He was hearing things. " I think, Salazar, you confuse me with some blushing sheltered maiden. I am not one." "Hm-m. You always looked the part." "Sorry to disappoint you," said Harry but there was no regret in his voice. He was feeling quite smug that he ruined the older man's fantasies. But seeing the thunderous expression he backtracked. Just in case. "I am still a virgin, though. So don't go sticking things in places unprepared." Salazar's mood suddenly lightened. He would never understand the man… "Is that so?"