# Welcome to Dodging Prison and Stealing Witches. This story now has a gradually catching up audio version, which can be found either through my profile page, or through my website, [www * LeadVonE * com], where you will also find information about next chapter release dates, original writings, and anything else that I can't post here. I am also on twitter under the username LeadVonE. And now, please, pour yourself a relaxing drink, sit back, put your feet up, and enjoy. # Dodging Prison and Stealing Witches Book One: Revenge is Best Served Raw Chapter One Through the Veil A pile of rags sat in the far corner of a high security Azkaban prison cell. The moon shifted a fraction through the window bars and the pile slowly showed itself to be the curled up, skin and bones form of Harry James Potter, the True-Boy-Who-Lived. Things had gotten a bit better since the Dark Lord had taken over Magical Britain, but not by much. On the plus side, there were fewer dementors around, but on the negative side, Voldemort was now devoting more and more time to torturing him through the mental link they shared. The raids on muggles were increasing, and the viciousness of the treatment of the victims would've made him heave, if he'd had any food to speak of in him. The muggle raids were increasing because all the muggleborns had already been exterminated. He'd been in here for just over ten years now. This year marked the point when his stay in this prison would overtake his stay in the last one, those miserable excuses for human beings that called themselves the Dursleys. It made no sense. Why had his parents dumped him there? The official reason was that he'd been mistaken for a squib, but that didn't explain why they refused to speak to him after he came to Hogwarts. His brother, John Potter, was believed by all to be The-Boy-Who-Lived, but Harry knew that wasn't true. He also knew the Headmaster knew it wasn't true. For some reason, the headmaster really didn't like him. When the chamber of secrets had been opened in his second year, and a girl killed, Dumbledore had convinced the world that he was the culprit. Everyone in the wizarding world, even his fellow Slytherins, blamed him, and they'd never liked him much to begin with. In fact, no one much liked him. In his two years at Hogwarts he'd never made a single friend. The Slytherins all hated that he was a Potter, everyone else hated him because he was a Slytherin, the teachers hated him for some unknown reason, and his parents hated him because… he didn't know. He'd been shipped off to Azkaban screaming for someone, anyone, to believe him. No one did. The look of disgust and revulsion on his parents faces, fueled his dementor nightmares for years, until he stopped caring what the dicks thought of him, and Azkaban merely became an edited highlights reel of Durskaban. And then Voldemort had risen again, and started sending him those thrice-damned visions. He'd made as much use of the connection as he could, sifting through the Dark Lord's head and grabbing all the knowledge he'd accumulated over his long life. Harry couldn't hope that he'd be able to escape from here to use it—such a happy thought would've been stripped away—but it was the only thing to do and, as messed up as it sounded, spending time in the Dark Lord's head was preferable to his own when the dementors were on the prowl. Voldemort seemed to find his rummagings amusing, as though he were an over-eager student. The bastard would grab his consciousness, show him a fortified building the Death Eaters were about to storm, explain the attack plan to him at great length, gloat a bit that he, Harry, was the only one who could warn the defenders, then force him to watch his followers torture, rape, and kill the helpless victims, once they'd broken through. Years ago, he'd even seen his own brother killed in this way. The arrogant tosser had just walked right up to Voldemort and invited him to kill him. The Dark Lord would do this with everything, all his political games, all his strategy sessions, each and every one of his recruitment and training drives. It was getting to be more than he could take, and the darkness of his cell seemed to be getting darker every day. The sounds of someone clinking and moving penetrated the fog of Harry's mind. Someone was here. That wasn't normal. "Oi. Potter. Get up. You've been requested." There were boots where before there was just floor. That also wasn't normal. "Oh, for crying out loud. He's out of it. Let's get him up." Pain shot through his shoulders as two pairs of hands grabbed his arms and lifted him from the floor. It was the first time someone had touched him in ten years. "Can you walk or are we going to have to drag you?" He tried to put one foot forward, towards the cell door, and every muscle in his atrophied lower body screamed in protest. Eventually, with the support of the men, he managed to get a rhythm going, and Harry Potter, The-True-Boy-Who-Lived, walked out of Azkaban, and into a world ruled by the Dark Lord. — DP & SW: RiBSR — "Prisoner number 6785," a bored sounding voice called out. Harry's world was still dark. Tiny beams of light shone through the holes in the carrying box he'd been shoved into for transport to wherever the hell he now was. "Experiment number 0034," the voice continued. Light flooded Harry's world. The front of the box had been opened and harry stepped out onto a wooden platform. Two men, perhaps the same two men from the prison, attached him to the platform with chains. In front of him, was a sight that made his underused eyes widen in shock. "Modified version of the confundus charm, woven into the arch using Hypthorn's static enchantment protocol; dated the third of September, 2002, approved by the Chief Unspeakable." It was the veil of death. "Begin the transfer." Without making a sound, the platform started moving towards the veil leaving Harry no possibility of escape… not that he wanted it. 'For neither can live while the other survives,' he mused, grinning manically. He was about to die, but he knew that what was going on here was something Voldemort certainly didn't know about, or authorize. He was halfway to the veil now and suddenly terror flooded his mind, but the raw primal emotion wasn't his. A loud crack sounded behind him and Voldemort's voice screamed "Accio Potter!" but the chains held him fast to the platform and before another word could be uttered he'd plunged through the archway and darkness took him. — DP & SW: RiBSR — "Good morning, Mister Potter." A four word sentence, male, in a voice of stone, empty caves, and deep gulps of fresh mountain air, conquered his head, and forced his focus. "Ah, good morning?" Harry replied. He couldn't see his interlocutor. Darkness surrounded him. But his voice… speaking was amazingly easy, not what he'd expected after a decade of non-use. And his thinking… he could think! His mind was clear and fresh, thoughts flowing through it, crisp, like a mountain stream. "Yes, it's amazing what having no body will do for you." A pebble of a thought dropped into his consciousness. He'd just been pushed through the veil. He was dead. "Yes," the voice said, "you are." And this person?… thing?… could read minds, despite his near impenetrable occlumency shields, mindscape, and decoy memories. "You may as well start speaking. Talking to myself still makes me feel a bit of a berk, even if I can read your thoughts. And we're not alone." Harry finally replied again, "Err… who are 'we' exactly? And where are we? Are you Death?" The darkness lifted to be replaced with a round room, lined with furs from floor to ceiling. An open fire crackled in the middle of the room, shields and weapons lined the walls, and, asleep in a corner, a mess of large wolves were piled on top of one another. On the opposite side of the small room to him, comfortable and relaxed in large wooden thrones, sat two people, a man and a woman. The woman, clothed in an elegant white-laced dress, held a book. The man, clothed in dark robes of the blackest black, held a scythe. "I guess you are," he continued. These people seemed to really like their theatrics. "Yes, I am," said the man, "and this lovely lady to my right is Fate," he motioned to the woman who inclined her head to Harry, "we have a bone to pick with you." Harry was nonplussed. "Um… okay," he hesitated before continuing, but Death seemed personable enough, "does this bone have anything to do with the fact that I just died not at the hands of Voldemort despite what the prophecy says?" He tried to think ahead in the conversation. Why was he here? Death smiled a smile made of solid oak. "No, that was merely a bit of conniving on our part to get you to us. If we hadn't have done that, you and Voldemort would have continued to live for another thousand years." He blinked. "What?" "I don't like things that are owed me being withheld, Mister Potter." Harry's looked nonplussed. "But… It's not my fault if I was a damn horcrux!" The lady, who'd up to this point been silent, now spoke in a voice as smooth and soft as the blond hair flowing down her shoulders. "We know that, Mister Potter. We don't blame you for it. It is Riddle we hold responsible." Harry settled down a bit. She continued, "The prophecy wasn't carried out as intended. You were supposed to kill Riddle, and I don't mean in a thousand years." Harry's shoulders slumped. "Pretty hard to do that when you've got daemons from hell sucking out your thoughts every minute of the day," he mumbled. "Yes," Fate stared down at the man standing before him, still all bones and rags, "you were never meant to go to that infernal place." "So, where did it go wrong then? When I was sent to Azkaban?" "No. That useless sack of wizard that called himself The-Boy-Who-Lived failed to do the job he took on." "My brother?" "Yes. Dumbledore declared him the Boy-Who-Lived when he was a baby, and the child made no effort to disavow others of that impression, even when it became apparent to him that it was you the prophecy referred to." "He what? He knew!" Harry was shocked; his brother had never given any indication with his interactions with Voldemort that he knew. "He did." "When?" "He first knew shortly before first coming to Hogwarts, when Dumbledore told him." Harry stayed silent, anger and resentment boiling just under the surface. So, Dumbledore told John… That made sense. In the end, it always came back to Dumbledore. The games that man played with the lives of his followers sickened him. It says a lot about a man when someone like Voldemort enjoyed playing against him. "Harry…" Fate stood, walked over to him and placed a calming hand on his shoulder. "Dumbledore deliberately choose John to be the Boy-Who-Lived, knowing full well it wasn't him and tried to keep you as weak as possible." His eyes narrowed, and he looked up into Fate's ice blue eyes. "Why?" Fate sighed. "Dumbledore saw the rise of two Dark Lords in his life, both of which he felt partly responsible for, and he was terrified to see another. When a prophecy spoke of a boy who was the Dark Lord's equal, who'd have a power the Dark Lord knew not, he tried to control events such that the prophecy child would not