Katniss fiddled with her bracelets nervously as the pounding of the bowling balls behind her seemed to thunk directly into her stomach with every release. After the umpteenth time pushing them up and down her arms while swinging slightly in her stool, the man next to her at the bar glared in annoyance so she put her hands down abruptly and squeezed them in her lap. She didn't even like wearing bracelets, but her sister had stuffed them on her wrist before she pushed her out the door and locked it. Prim was so excited her big sister was going out she dressed her up like her own personal doll, yanking her this way and that. Since Katniss loved seeing her baby sister so happy and clearly she didn't even know what her "colors" were and apparently Prim did, she let the fashionista teenager do what she wanted. Surprisingly after all that yanking, prepping and fluffing, she was the first one at the Bowling Alley, and now she had too much time on her hands to think while she waited. "Would you like another drink?" The bartender asked picking up her drained cocktail glass. "No I'm a light-weight and all I need is to drink too much. I'm on a blind date. Well a group blind date that my co-worker set up," she rambled until she saw the uninterested look on the bartender's face. "Anyway just a club soda thanks," she finally mumbled, blushing at her verbal diarrhea and he just nodded and poured her a pint of the bubbly water. "You look beautiful," she heard behind her as a hand gently touched the middle of her back and she smelled the alluring mix of mint, dill and a certain indescribable musk. Sparks like crackling fireworks shot up her spin and she flinched so spastically that the soda in her hand splashed up and everywhere. "Gosh I didn't mean to scare you." Katniss turned around to see a sheepish expression on her friend and co-worker Peeta Mellark. The flush on his red cheeks was endearing as they both stumbled to clean up her mess. "Hi Peeta," she squeaked. "Oh I'm so sorry. I'm just not used to situations like these," she said patting the strong line of his jaw with her napkin before she yanked it away abruptly when she realized how intimate the touch was. Katniss Everdeen was usually mostly put together so she didn't understand why she was such a mess. When Marvel Richards called her a lesbian in front of the entire school, she just walked past without flinching. In college when the frat boys tried to pressure her into a keg stands, she just walked away ignoring the boos. People and situations did not easily bother her, but this situation most definitely had. It had all started yesterday afternoon. She was doing her favorite daily ritual, having her lunch break with Peeta. Two years ago they had both started at Panem Tech the same week and went through the long and pointless two day training together. She had been grumpily nursing a coffee that first morning, not interested in getting to know anyone when he had come in. He looked like the living embodiment of sunshine with his blonde curly hair and his breathtaking smile that crinkled the skin around his bright blue eyes. She immediately turned away, not wanting anything to do with all that sort of cheerfulness, but he had other ideas. Scanning the room's available seats he wove his way to the seat next to her and plopped down, offering her one of his homemade cheese buns with the smile on his face becoming impossibly brighter. The smell was too irresistible and after the first bite of the flaky cheesy piece of heaven she decided maybe he wasn't that annoying after all. When he asked her to walk to a nearby cafe for their lunch break, she surprised herself by actually saying yes and they've had lunch with each other every day ever since. The conversation always ended up being easy between them from the very beginning, which was no easy feat with the usually taciturn Katniss Everdeen. He would pick a silly topic, like what would the world would be like if the men wore the dresses and the women wore the pants, and she would laugh harder than she had in years before she seriously answered his question. Katniss' life was filled with bills, cooking dinners and making sure that her little sister had everything she needed. She never had time to do anything but survive so the time spent spent with Peeta was a refreshing break. She felt like a normal girl for once. So besides the times she spent with her sister, nothing was better than lunches with Peeta Mellark. Yesterday's lunch had gone like it usually did. Peeta was already at the cafe and had ordered for the both of them. He knew she was too stubborn to let him pay and he was too stubborn to not pay, so he would get there early to order for her. The most infuriating thing was that she never liked to eat the same thing repeatedly and he was always able to predict what she wanted even if he hadn't talked to her all day, hell even when she didn't know what she wanted herself. So like usual, they argued for the first 10 minutes about how Peeta needed to stop ordering and paying for her. Damnit she was a grown ass woman who could do it herself. And like usual, the argument petered out and she knew he would do it again tomorrow. Halfway through lunch they were in a heated discussion about Return of the Jedi and if the movie would be better without the Ewoks, which was decidedly a no in her opinion. Ewoks were a must component. Peeta was just getting into his diatribe about a movie not relying on the cuteness of extraneous characters to fill in a thin plotline, while Katniss was lost in thought on how a man could look so adorable talking seriously about a silly subject. "I know the Ewok's have that 'awww' factor with their big eyes, and tubby tummy's but just imagine what the Return of the Jedi would be like if there was real emotional impact. It would have been epic," he said almost bouncing off of his chair. "Oh like seeing an Ewok get killed while another one cries over the body didn't have emotional impact. To this day I can't even watch that one scene," Katniss challenged. "Okay you got me there. I always tear up at that one scene too, but imagine this Katniss…" "Hi Peeta how are you?" Clove Masters interrupted sitting in the chair next to him. She gave a megawatt smile she only gave to her male coworkers, leaving him flustered and Katniss annoyed. "I'm doing good Clove. Did you need something from me?" he asked politely. "Oh a little birdy told me that you aren't seeing anyone correct?" "Yes..." he said slowly, sliding a look at Katniss, whose frown deepened to a scowl. "Well I have a friend who saw your picture on my Facebook page. She would totally like to meet you, but she's traveling for a few weeks so she's only available tomorrow. She's really hot, I swear you won't regret it." Katniss felt like the sun was a direct beam on her chair. She felt hot, uncomfortable and angry. She tried not to be mad at Peeta for going along with this conversation; he was his own person and able to make decisions about who he wanted to date. She was probably just pissed that Clove chose to ignore her very existence at that moment. And that little brown-noser in no way would set Peeta up with a suitable person. "Well... I was going to hang out with Katniss tomorrow night and I was really looking forward to a new hip bowling alley in the city with amazing food we've been talking about," he answered his eyes briefly pleading with her to go with it. Okay, she was officially angry at Peeta. Sure they had pondered the idea, but they had never made any set plans and she was no one's 'out' dammit. But although her mind was firm, unfortunately her body had a own will of it's own because she found herself nodding in assent. "Oh hi Katniss, I didn't see you there," Clove said, peering over Peeta's expansive chest. She narrowed her eyes at Katniss like she was a hurdle on a track she wasn't expecting. "Well I know you are perpetually single aren't you? Peeta why don't you bring a friend of yours and it can be a double date. Set poor little Katniss up. More the merrier when bowling right? Everyone wins!" "Katniss is that okay?" No it was not okay, not one bit, but she just shrugged like she didn't care. "I guess so. I mean you're right, I obviously haven't met anyone to date yet," she answered, trying to sound self-effacing, but she was sure she sounded more bitter. She could kick herself for not saying no to this whole ridiculous idea but she had to admit she was also curious to see what type of person would actually be Clove's friend. She looked over at Peeta for his reaction and was surprised to see for the first time ever a scowl spread across his face. "Well that's perfect! I'll give her your number and you can make the arrangements. Nice talking to you Peeta." With that she waved and left Katniss to her now ruined lunch. Peeta thoughtfully ate his own sandwich the duration of their break and didn't look at her once, probably considering what hot piece of ass Clove was going to provide him with. And she imagined how nice it would be to find a nice Ewok hut to hide in. Today Katniss hoped that things would get back to normal for them at lunch. They would joke about the whole situation even and make plans of escape if their dates turned bad. But when she was just about to meet him, she was pinged with a message that he had to cancel with the excuse of too much work and then she didn't have a chance to talk to him the rest of the day. She ended up picking up food and eating lunch at her desk because she felt there was no point in leaving without him. Today had definitely not been a good day. Now there he stood in the bowling alley smiling down at her looking so damn chipper. She didn't know why, but she was a little apprehensive to see that look on his face, happy even at their current situation. And oh god, how he looked good. She always saw him in slacks and a loose buttoned up shirt, so she never realized how muscled he was underneath all that office wear. She wanted to touch his arm to feel the thick muscle defined by his long sleeved tight henley. And it took all her power not to check out his ass in the dark wash blue jeans that showcased it just perfectly. How had she never noticed what an incredible body he had? "That dress looks amazing on you Katniss. Did Prim dress you up?" She let out a husky laugh and was rewarded with that crinkle in his eyes she liked so much when he smiled. "How'd you guess? The fact that I'm wearing a dress to a bowling alley or going against my usual lack of fashion sense?" "I think you always look great in whatever you wear Katniss. It's just that whole wearing a dress part was a big fat give-away since I've never see you in one, ever. Also I know it takes the force of Prim to get your hair out of the usual braid or