This is my second fanfic that I've ever written. Any constructive criticism would be greatly appreciated. This story is very much AU, and very little remains the same from canon. There may be some Weasley bashing involved but not a lot. Expect a Daphne/Harry paring but that won't happen magically overnight. This story will be mature in terms of violence and language. Harry will be powerful and come into his power over time. Don't expect a strictly evil or strictly good Dumbledore, he's much more grey, like Harry. Voldemort will also be more grey but definitely evil. Thank you for reading and I hope you enjoy! It was a cold and dreary day, normal for this area of Scotland. Rain poured from the dark clouds high above, making it difficult to see far. The drops pattered against the trains roof and windows, creating a soothing sound which lulled Harry into a deep peace. He sat alone in his compartment, watching as the countryside passed by with content. It wasn't often he got to be alone like he was now. So rare were these moments that he had forgotten the sound of silence altogether. It was not something he wished to forget again. Though the dark clouds covered the sun, Harry knew it was still day and he had yet a few more hours before arriving at the castle. He had heard much of this mythical school, but never had seen it for himself. He wondered constantly if the stories of it were true or if they were just exaggerated tales from old men who wished to be youthful once more. An excitement grew within him with each passing moment, but it was an emotion he did well to hide, even when in the company of only himself. His father taught him to control his emotions, that such things could lead to his demise one day. He was a Potter, a wizard of noble blood, and such men never revealed their true selves to others. Not even his future wife could know what went on under his messy black hair. He looked down and fiddled with the sleek silver ring that rested on his ring finger. A bitter feeling spread through him at its sight. He wished it weren't there, that his father hadn't arranged such a thing for him. He was alright with the constant training and the need to be kept from the world for the sake of his safety, but a marriage was pushing it. This task was a lot to ask, and he wasn't keen on following through with it. Still, he would do his father's bidding and marry the young girl who was expertly chosen for him. He had never met her, she being of Russian descent and still in school as well. He was to meet her this winter, during the Holiday break and even a few months out he was slightly nervous of the encounter. He turned his thoughts from the betrothal ring that rested on his finger and towards his goal. This year would be interesting to say the least, one that would change the world for the better. His father had kept him in the shadows for a long time, preparing him for the role he would play in future events. He had been impatient for many years, wishing to announce himself to the world for a long time. And now here he was, on his way to Hogwarts to return from the dead. Allies were already placed within the castle long in advance in order to aid him in his mission, one which would take time and great care in order to accomplish. It wasn't going to be an easy road ahead for him. There were many things he was going to have to face that he didn't wish, that he never wanted to face when growing up. A lot of hatred waited for him within the castle he had never been to and this would be the ultimate test of his long years of training. As he sat alone in the compartment, continuously glancing at the door, watching as several students walked by, laughing as they went. It was something he wasn't used to, seeing the way in which students his age interacted. His time had been spent with teachers of all kinds, studying day-in and day-out the ways of the wizarding world. From history to potions to dark arts and so on, he had become quite learned in all subjects. His father demanded him to be knowledgeable in all subjects of magic, telling him that it was the true path to greatness. And so he listened, and studied, and improved to the point he was becoming as knowledgeable in each subject as his teachers who taught him. As he aged, his power had transformed and become greater as well. He knew he was more powerful than your average wizard. He wasn't at the same level of his father, and most certainly not at the same level of Dumbledore, but he was growing more powerful and maybe one day could rival them, but that day was far away. The already dark clouds began to darken further as the sun fled the land, disappearing over the western horizon. They were nearing the fabled magical castle and Harry's stomach began to flutter even more. The next twenty-four hours were going to be the most important of his life. He had much to accomplish, many tests to pass. He took some time to change out of his normal clothes and into the school robes he would be wearing for the rest of the year. They were trimmed with grey, the same as a first year before being sorted, yet he was unlike them. He would be entering into the school year as a sixth year due to his age. He was far beyond the magical schooling of a sixth year, but Harry didn't mind. This just gave him more time to focus on the real reason he was finally attending this school, rather than having to worry about his classes. As he once more sat down in his seat to wait out the final hour of their approach to the Hogsmeade Train Station, the door to his compartment suddenly opened. Harry sneered at the sight of the pale boy with near-white blonde hair as he walked in. The way the boy avoided Harry's eyes, he was clearly nervous of being in the presence of him. "What do you want Draco? I never asked you to join me this evening." Harry asked with a cold hiss. The words bounced off the walls creating an echo which sent a shiver down Draco's spine. Draco still didn't dare to look up into Harry's cold, pale green eyes. They resembled too much of the curse that had killed so many people. "Yes, of course my lord." Draco bowed low, his form slightly shaking. "I just was inclined to ask if your trip was well and if I can do anything to better it?" Harry wanted to curse the boy right out of his compartment but he stayed his tongue. He knew that Draco was just doing his father's bidding. That man was the very definition of a brown nose, always wishing to grovel to be in his father's good graces. Harry sighed silently to himself, "No Draco. My trip has been fine. Now run off to your friends before anyone wonders why you are gone. We don't know each other, remember?" Draco kept his head bowed low, "Of course. Please ask if you have need of me my lord. I am happy to serve." With that, Draco walked back out of the compartment, gently shutting the door. It was going to be an interesting year indeed with the likes of Draco. The boy had anger issues and was used to running the school as he saw fit. Now, with his presence, Draco would have to change his ways and Harry was curious to see how well the boy did with such changes. It seemed so far that he was well trained by his sniveling father, but time will tell. It always does. Once more left to the silence of the compartment, with only the patter of rain to keep him company, Harry settled into his seat and shut his eyes. He knew there was little time left until they reached the station, but a small nap never hurt anyone. As he was soon to fall asleep, the compartment door opened once more. Harry had half a mind to never open his eyes, and instead simply hex the person who walked in, but that wouldn't leave a very good first impression with the school he was soon to attend. "Can I help you?" Harry asked, his tone somewhat harsh, being annoyed that he was stopped from taking a nap. He looked to a young woman with bushy brown hair and dark brown eyes to match. She had tears flowing down her rosy cheeks which she worked desperately to dry off with her sleeve. She jumped at the sound of his voice and stared wide-eyed at Harry who looked on with raised eyebrows. "Err, no. Sorry, I thought this compartment was empty." The girl said flustered, her cheeks reddening in embarrassment at her mistake and appearance. Harry noticed that she was of the Gryffindor House based upon the red trim of her school robes. She also had a golden prefect badge that was shined to gleam even in the dimmest of lights. "Well, by all intents and purposes this apartment is empty. So continue whatever it was you're doing." Harry responded, once again shutting his eyes and relaxing back into his seat. The girl had stopped crying and simply looked at Harry oddly for a while, unsure of how to respond. Eventually she sat down opposite him and stared out the window, keeping perfectly quiet. Harry wasn't bothered by her presence in the slightest and never did open his eyes until he felt the train begin slow. The girl also never moved from her spot, watching the darkened countryside pass by. Both were content to wait out the remainder of the trip in each other's silent company. A loud whistle blew which finally shook Harry from his short slumber and he awoke to find the compartment empty once more. He could see from the window that the train had stopped and pulled up to the station. Already students were filing passed his compartment window and exiting the train, eager to start the year again. Harry waited for most of the other students to leave and then followed in behind. He was content to enjoy the world of anonymity for as long as he could. At the end of the long hall of the scarlet red train he saw the bushy haired girl exit, a tall and slender red headed boy right behind her. Something about the way she walked and glanced at the boy made him realize that her tears had been because of him. He confirmed his thoughts when another girl with long brown hair walked up and planted a kiss on the red-headed boy's lips, and the bushy haired girl abruptly turned away from the image. Off in the distance he heard the cries for the first years to gather around. His eyes strained to find the voice and found it coming from a large man, surely a half-giant who beckoned for the young ones to join him. Unsure if he was supposed to join the older students or the first years, Harry made up his mind and stalked towards the half-giant. He approached with some caution, having been warned of who this man was and his connection to his parents. Years had passed since the incident and Harry had changed quite a bit in that time, so he figured the half-giant wouldn't recognize him. "A first year eh?" The half-giant asked with raised bushy eyebrows once