Three Amigos and A Bat Percy Jackson aka my best friend. Grover Underwood aka also my best friend. Sydney Murphy aka me the narrator. The three of us are the standard three amigos that do everything together in a boring boarding school( Ahem Yancy Academy) for delinquents such as ourselves. We eat together, play together, have study hall together (I'm in the honor classes while they are in regular classes. Basically I'm better than them as I have told them many times), and when we could, sleep together in the boys' dorm (Of course the boys would be roommates together and I have to sneak through the halls to get there). So to get to know the gang, let's start off with me since I want to get introduction over with. I, Sydney Murphy, came from an ordinary family. Dad worked on Wall Street in New York and Lois ( Ugh) was gone from time to time but also came back apparently. Lois is my evil stepmother who thought she could replace my mother after she divorced Dad. To be honest, I DON'T know HOW my handsome good-looking Dad with salt-and-pepper hair, amazing black coal eyes, tan skin, rock-hard beach abs, and tight shapely ass ever want to be with a horrible, distasteful, disgusting, colorless woman like Lois with her red lifeless hair that limps to her shoulders, small pig-like dirty brown eyes, white freckled skin, flabby parts on her body that seem like small wings of flesh, small colorless lips that tries to hid with every color lipsticks, pointy ears that point to the sky but limp every time she was sad...Erghh anyway, I just thought(think still) that Dad made the wrong decision of choosing a new partner. She thinks she could even bring her dumb kids(animals), Lois and Lane, to replace me. But I could never be replaced nor my mother who I talk to during vacation breaks or whenever I can. Anyway, I am NOT a delinquent...just troubled. I have ADHD and dyslexia that makes it hard to stand still or to read properly. Of course I find a way to not let both problems to further me away from honors in every school I go to school. During elementary school, I met Percy Jackson. Percy Jackson and I met when we were cute little kids in recess. I barely see him in classes since he was in the standard classes and I was in, of course, honor classes. I remember when I was at my weakest time in recess. I was crying when the boys pulled my hair and tried to tie it on the monkey bars and leave me hanging. No adult saw the boys trying to bully me and kids were minding their business or helping the boys out by crowding the monkey bars. Then my savior( Imagine him in a knight armor and a sword in hand) Percy Jackson came to my rescue and fought the bullies on his own. He earned a black eye and busted lip from the bully and slamming on the concrete ground too hard. I stayed with him all day with ice on his lip and eye, both of us eating the ice from the bags. Surprisingly, his injuries healed quickly during the day. Anyway, we never separated till that day despite the fact he keeps getting expelled from every school each grade. This is what wrong with Percy Jackson; he's a trouble-magnet. I know that Percy is innocent and doesn't do anything but I always tell him whenever I hear how he gets expelled, that trouble always finds him and blames him for the damage afterwards. Trust me, I witnessed it. In fourth grade, the class went to the Sea World Shark Pool and as they were on the catwalk above a tank full of harmless sharks(Thank God they were harmless), SOMEHOW Percy Jackson pulled the wrong lever and the class and I took an unplanned swim. So yeah Percy Jackson is a trouble-magnet but he is MY trouble-magnet that I always care for and (love him but I won't truly say it to him out loud of course) he feels the same only that I'm the smart person that he always care for. Finally Grover Underwood. The only amigo that isn't troubled with ADHD or dyslexia. He has a muscle disease in his legs that cripples him in crutches. Ha! I have proof that's a lie whenever Enchilada day at lunch comes. However he has medical note to excuse himself from any physical workout in gym. Either Grover made the medical note or he just has a strong will to be the first person to eat enchiladas. Not much about Grover Underwood's past because both Percy and I met him for only nine months yet it seem we all known each other for years. We only knew of him because he was quiet like Percy and Percy introduced me to him. Percy saved(Yeah he hates when people are being bullied so he's a savior to all victims).Now Grover was the most mature-looking sixth grader in school. He already had a beard, a goatee, bad acnes on his cheeks, but his voice is the voice of a twelve year old and he has the cutest brown eyes. I adore Grover and he seems to enjoy it whenever I give him a treat or rub his chin gently(he makes a sound of a goat whenever I rub his chin). So there, the three amigos together. The three amigos that were riding on the school bus for a school field trip to the Metropolitan Museum supervised by the awesome and... (Ew). Mr. Brunner was the one who had the idea of going to the museum to express the Latin area which he teaches to us. He's the most coolest and awesome teacher in the school because he is always so chilled and relaxed (unlike a certain supervisor on this trip). On Fridays after school, both standard and honor classes come together to fight as gladiators with cool swords displayed(Of course he wasn''t going to let use them) and fight each other with wood swords he made us and real gladiator helmets and armor. As I said, coolest and awesome teacher in this boring school. Ms. Dodds is like the twin of my evil stepmother except she had tightly pulled black hair in a bun, leather jacket, and matching trousers. Basically she's a biker wannabe teacher. She has the stingiest and nastiest grudges on the three amigos especially(Drumroll please) Percy. She seem to find anything to blame on Percy and sometimes on Grover and I and it always starts with "Honey..." in a sweet yet somewhat deadly voice. On the bus, the three amigos stayed in the back as usual away from the vult- children in the front. Everyone was yelling, screaming, throwing paper or gum in the air. Teachers were minding their business by reading or staring at the back of the bus with a glare that could burn holes in skin(Guess which one was glaring). The three amigos didn't mind though. Percy and I were sharing a seat together, he was laying on the window with his back and I was laying on his chest in between his legs and Grover was laying on the window with his back as well. Both boys were throwing an apple to each other. I occupied myself with a book that was for Latin class, the Greek history about gods and goddesses and heroes. It was a blissful moment we shared together. "Percy, who are the three powerful gods of the twelve gods?" "Zeus, Hades, Poseidon" "Grover, who were against the gods?" "Titans that were before the gods" "Me, who was the one gave life to humans with fire? Prometheus, who thought that humans needed fire to improve through the Dark Ages and was punished for his theft. Poor Prometheus." I caught the apple before Percy could and looked at who was still glaring at us. I smiled sweetly at her and took a bite of the apple while staring at her innocently. She finally sat down, looking like she was growling on her way down. I huffed in triumphant and took another bite. "Thanks" both Grover and Percy said. "It was getting annoying." I sighed and leaned back more into Percy's chest and he knew when to wrap his arms around me, "Are you guys excited?" "For what? Look at statues of naked men and women in dramatic poses? That's fun." Percy mumbled under his breath and I giggled. "I think it would be pretty good to learn more about the Greek mythology." Grover pointed out and I smiled sweetly at him, "Plus it's a good idea to learn off campus." Grover was so innocent when he said that, brown eyes glinting and smiling sheepishly, that it was almost unbelievable it was ruined by a piece of peanut butter sandwich thrown into his hair. I quickly rose from my seat and narrowed my eyes to the projectile's base of throw. Nancy Bobofit. She grinned smugly as she was turned in her seat and so were her other minion friends. Nancy Bobofit was one of the bullies that pegged on Grover and also a trouble-magnet to Percy, getting him into trouble. loved Nancy whenever she does get Percy in trouble However when she does tries to make him get into trouble, I step in. I glared at her for every second that has passed until her grin started to melt off her face and realized that I was coming towards her. She knew not to mess with my friends whenever I'm around and even if I'm not around(If she could help the impulse). She knew not to mess with me when we had a secret conversation in the girl's gym lockers. I had scared her with what my mother taught me: The intent to kill and murder. Flashback The intent to kill. Mother taught me how to show to be feared by enemies especially bullies. Nancy's eye were wide as a scare animal that was target for prey. Her skin was paled and she was breathing slowly yet heavily as if each breath was a struggle. Her pulse in her neck was beating rapidly in my hand as I was holding her by her neck and my other hand had its thumb pressed on her eye. I told her once that to leave Percy and Grover alone. I guess my warning wasn't enough. I told her that I would do something but I suppose she thought I would get the teacher. I guess my warning wasn't enough. It was too late that my warning didn't involve teachers. It involved of what I could do to her alone. 'I told you Bobo to leave my friends alone whenever I'm around. So what was that stunt you pulled on Grover?' 'It was just a joke!' She squeaked 'So joking on a disabled kid with a muscle disease in his leg is a joke?' I sneered and cranked up my intent, making her gasp 'You have a terrible humor'. To be honest, I didn't know what my killing intent's limit was. Mother said that to warn bullies is to show you must be feared. To show you must be feared, you have to tapped into the animal instinct that all humans have when you need to protect your property. The instinct that shows you are ferocious, vicious, and bloodthirsty. I somehow tapped into it for the first time and it was dark. I had to think of Grover and Percy, what would have happened if Grover got hurt and Percy was to blamed for it. It was dark, cold despite the hot fire that blazed into my veins, and calming of my nerves when I first saw Nancy alone in the locker room. I tsked and let her go, letting her drop to the floor. 'You do it again when I'm around or not, I'm