The Sheik and the Swan Feisty and free-spirited Bella Swan is afraid of nothing as she sets out across the wild desert for her month tour of the Sahara. Sheik Ahmed Ben Hassan is a rich tribal prince who is accustomed to his every command being obeyed. He gets what he wants, and what he wants right now is her. Twilight/The Sheik crossover, BxE, set in 1920s, AH. Disclaimer: All publicly recognizable characters, settings, etc. are the property of their respective owners. The original characters and plot are the property of the author. The author is in no way associated with the owners, creators, or producers of any media franchise. No copyright infringement is intended. A/ N: ***PLEASE READ***: Sorry about this long authors note; they won't all be as long as this one. I ask you to bear with me though as I would just like to make some things clear about this story: 1) This story is a Twilight fan fiction meets 'The Sheik' be E.M. Hull. This novel from the 1920s has fallen into the public domain and I have borrowed a lot of the text from there. I have also been inspired by the silent film of the same name. 2) As the original book and film were both produced in the 1920s they both contained some rather out-dated views on race, nationality and gender. As my story is also set in that era I hope that no one is offended by some of the views expressed. They are no reflection of my own personal opinion and I hope you can forgive any sentiments voiced by the characters that conflict with our 21 st century ideals. Ignorance must be their excuse. 3) Anyone who is familiar with the book will know that, although never explicitly stated, multiple scenes of rape between the heroine and the Sheik are heavily implied. There will be no such rape in my story. I repeat: there will be no rape in my story. I could never love or forgive an Edward who raped Bella and neither, I think, could she. Nevertheless there will be scenes of a sexual and violent nature in this story and so, to be on the safe side, I have rated it M. 4) Sheik Ahmed Ben Hassan IS Edward Cullen. This is a BellaxEdward story, not BellaxOC (although my characters may well act OOC). Things will become clearer later, but for the time being just trust me: they are one and the same. 5) This is my first fanfiction so please let me know what you think! At first chapters may be a little slow in coming, but once university has broken up for Christmas I should be more regular. Also, I do not have a Beta so please forgive my mistakes (and if interested, let me know)! I would love to hear if you think it worthwhile for me to continue… Biskra, the Beautiful—gateway to the desert… Amongst the date palms and fruit trees, lay the beautiful town of Biskra; the gateway to the Saharan. The warm midday sun shone down on the dusty street, whilst is baked brick buildings stood in testament to the harsh desert that lay beyond. Cafes overflowed into the road with their Arab customers lounged on straw mats playing dominoes over pungent black coffee, their native chatter merging into a hum of human voices from which no conversation was discernible. Others were not so care-free and their calls to passers-by to buy their wares hung in the air with the aromatic scent of the spices they sold. From beyond, the faint melodic chants and rhythmic drumming of some young musicians could be heard, singing their praises to Allah. Biskra was truly a delight to all the senses. Set back a little from the busy hustle of this Arabic street lay the exotic Palace Hotel. Though from the outside the large sandy building with its grand stone arches fit in perfectly with the surrounding scenes, the inside, filled with western comforts as it was, belied its use as a popular winter holiday destination for the rich and glamorous English gentry. Those who wished to travel and enjoy a warm winter abroad could do so here. Many would never leave the comfort of this luxury hotel and the beauty of this wild land and its diverse peoples would, despite being no more than 100 foot away, forever remain a mystery to them. A fortunate exception to this rule was young and beautiful Bella Swan. As she came sweeping down the front steps of the hotel and out onto the dusty city streets her chocolate brown eyes sparkled, taking in the delights all around her. Long, curling black lashes shaded her eyes and her brown curls were short, falling no further than her chin. In front of the hotel a caravan of camels were being loaded up with the last of her luggage in anticipation of her departure to a daring and near scandalous month long trip of the desert the following morning. "I have a good mind to make you give up this insane trip. It cannot be very safe. To go on a tour of the desert alone, with only native camel drivers and servants to be your company…well I really should forbid it you know." In marked contrast to his daughter whom he now stood beside, Charlie Swan was very tall, very thin, and very severe. The only distinguishing mark on his pale face was a heavy black moustache. Bella resisted the urge to comment that he had never seemed to care about such things before. Instead she settled for a roll of her eyes and with her chin firmly raised in obstinate determination replied, "Indeed, it is probably not. But to be very safe, as you put it, I should have stayed at home in England. And even then I would have been in danger— of going mad from boredom! You shall not stop me Charlie; I have made up my mind." "You really are a most obstinate, headstrong girl!" Her father cried. "If I am, it can only be from your influence. You have raised me as your son and made my character what it is. If the results now displease you, you have only yourself to blame!" "Perhaps you are right. I have never been able to control you. I hope one day you will meet a man who can finally make you obedient." Bella laughed delightedly. "How droll you are! I should like to see him try!" After another chuckle she sobered slightly, and with a lingering smirk and raised eyebrow challenged her father: "You could always accompany me if you are that concerned." The gentleman studied his young daughter for a moment, with her impish smile and bright eyes, before averting his gaze. After murmuring a quick "Keep your gun with you and you shall be fine," he disappeared back up the marble steps of the hotel. Bella watched him go, unsurprised at his hasty departure. He was not a bad father and they really were quite close as he had raised her alone after her mother died in giving her life. Charlie Swan having no understanding or use for a daughter had instead raised her as a son, and nowadays their relationship was more fraternal than anything else. Although both were good at heart they were also selfish people who rarely thought of anyone or anything besides themselves and their pleasures. In the past this had caused little problem between them as their inclinations were always so similar. This year, for the first time, there had been dispute: he wished to go to America while she wanted a trip into the desert. They had quarrelled for three whole days over the matter before a compromise was reached. Bella would have her desert tour and Charlie would go to New York, where she would follow him at the end of the month. In order to assuage his fatherly responsibility he agreed to grace her caravan for the first stage of the journey and dismiss her with his blessing. Bella had been looking forward to the trip for some time, and as she always did just exactly what she pleased she was not going to let her father, or anyone else for that matter, stop her. E vening in the Monte Carlo of the Sahara… Later that evening, Bella stood in the grand atrium of the hotel unenthusiastically watching the hotel's patrons in their fine clothes and opulent jewels. From across the hallway, the lilting melody of a waltz drifted in the air. It was Bella's last evening observing the dull and duteous life of the English gentry and she had never felt more bored by it all. The simpering maidens and their gossiping mothers held even less interest than usual, and even the raucous shouts of the men at their cards and their cups did not amuse her. She could think only tomorrow's adventure. Her solitary contemplation of the next day's delights was soon interrupted by the sudden appearance of a family friend Mike Newton. His wide eyes and silly grin reminded her of the eager spaniels the girls back home so adored. The sudden thought of Mike with a wagging tail made her smirk inwardly, but she turned to him with perfect politeness. "Am I really lucky enough to find you alone, Miss Swan?" Was he actually panting?! "Miss Swan? Have I not always been Bella and you Mike? What on earth has made you so formal tonight?" Bella could no longer hold back her grin at Mike's peculiar nature. "Of course, Miss—Bella. It is just I… Well tonight you look so very…Would you care to dance, Bella?" That last was said most completely to the ground beneath Mike's feet as a warm blush spread across his cheeks. Bella was completely confused and mildly concerned by Mike's behaviour. "I am sorry but I do not think I could focus on dancing tonight." And then taking notice of his flushed face, continued, "Perhaps we may venture out to the gardens instead?" Mike gleefully took Bella's hand and placing it in the crook of his arm, led her out to the garden. Bella dearly wanted to make a quip in gratitude for his support on such a fatiguing journey but, biting her tongue, settled instead for a roll of her eyes. They sat down on a wicker seat under a gaudy Japanese hanging lantern just outside of the large French doors. The band was still playing, and for the moment the garden was empty, lit faintly by coloured lanterns, festooned from the palm trees, and twinkling lights outlining the winding paths. Mike leaned forward, his hands clasped between his knees. Silence stretched between them for a few minutes before Mike's frazzled brain managed to scramble upon a topic. "Are you really determined to go through with this tour?" She stared at him in surprise. "Why not? My arrangements have been made some time. Why should I change my mind at the last moment?" "It isn't safe," insisted he. "I don't agree with you. I don't know why everybody is making such a fuss about it. Plenty of other women have travelled in much wilder country than this desert." He looked at her curiously. She seemed to be totally unaware that it was her youth and her beauty that made all the danger of the expedition. He fell back on the easier excuse. "There seems to be unrest amongst some of the tribes. There have been a lot of rumours lately," he said seriously. She made a little movement of impatience. "Oh, that's what they always tell you when they want to put obstacles in your way. I asked the authorities for facts and they only gave me generalities. And so I said I should go, unless the French Government arrested me…. Why should I not? I am not afraid. I don't admit that there is anything