Hello readers. This is my first attempt at something Harry Potter related, so any comments that would improve the quality of the story are always welcome. Disclaimer: I do not own Harry Potter. Thank you. Harry Potter was sat aboard the Hogwarts Express, his back pressed firmly against the window of his compartment, feeling the movement of the train along his spine. His wand was held firmly in his right palm, absently twirling and releasing an array of sparks - his eyes calmly looking onto the colourful display, taking comfort in the simple use of magic after its absence in his life. It was moments like this that the world passed him by; in the simplest expressions of what many, even muggleborns, had began to accept would be normal. So often did he spend his days trying to be alert to everything that went on around him, his mind working overtime to never be caught unaware, that it seemed only when he was truly alone could he be truly calm. Hogwarts, with its seemingly never-ending corridors and hiding places, would always home to him. The sparks, he noticed, had began to be purely comprised of the primary colours; they rotated in fixed order. The pattern made him curious, such that he attempted to see if his thoughts could affect the colour. His mind, calmed by the display, focused purely on a shade of turquoise he remembered seeing on a secondary school student's tie that had walked passed him the day before. He closed his eyes, focusing on the tie; how the colour was distorted by the morning light causing glare on his glasses, the specific colour of the tie. He opened his eyes, hoping for the colour in his memories to greet him. However, all that he saw was the same three primary colours- blue, yellow, red - unmoved. No lighter nor darker, no more or less intense. That would require further research. The calm caused by the sparks had disappeared and Harry knew it would not return, so he instead directed his thoughts onto his first order of business as Hogwarts began again. Skipping the opening feast. Ever since his first year, Harry had hated going to the feast. He simply couldn't stand the massive groups of people at these events, they made it unbearable. Even when he attended assemblies at his primary school when he was younger, being bracketed by groups of people made his chest ache. He would spend every moment of the feast in a strong panic, every fibre of his being wanting to be anywhere but there. With every noise that his peers made, he would feel his muscles tense. He couldn't control it. He knew he couldn't go through that ever again. Every year he had attempted to build up the courage to get out of the feast. He had always imagined these grandiose plans, each one more ridiculous than the last, to get out of attending the feast. He thought himself the magical James Bond with enough magical apparatus to fill a Malfoy vault, shimmying through the pipes of the castle. He pretended that his escape from the feast was what swayed Earth from total annihalation. As sad as that was. If he was being honest with himself, there really wasn't a need to go to the trouble of organising such a plan. He wasn't really a high profile person to begin with at all - he could count the times he'd been the talk of the school on one hand and still have five fingers left. But, he needed some excitement in his life and this seemed to be the only source of it he was getting. During the summer, he had spent most of his time attempting to think of a method to remain undetected. His family had seemed to continue ignoring entirely, so he wasn't without free time. Harry had spent considerable time reading material on concealment charms and had practiced them quite considerably as soon as he got to the train; the issue being he rather lacked any talent in their application. However, after what felt like years of trying, he finally succeeded in a version that didn't actively make him more obvious to the average onlooker. Through the halls, he could hear a female prefect call that Hogsmeade was only five minutes away. Another voice said that all years should put their uniforms on if they hadn't done so. He deliberated for a moment or two. This would finally be his chance to start a year at Hogwarts without feeling like the walls were caving in. Escaping had been rather easy, Harry had realised, as he made his way through the village of Hogsmeade. It wasn't like coming to Hogwarts only to immediately leave was common, after all. Truth be told, all of the supervision had been focused on making sure first years didn't get lost, so there really wasn't any thought to be spared over some odd truancy by a fourth year. He didn't even bother with the charm. All he really had to do was wait until everyone else had left the platform, then quietly make his getaway toward the village. Hagrid had his hands full with a full set of first years to even spare a glance elsewhere along the platform. The issue now lied in how he could get back to Hogwarts without notice. He knew he couldn't return immediately as ghosts would be patrolling the halls for any wayward first years; therefore, he would have to entertain himself for a good few hours. His plan was to wait until just before the feast would finish and attempt to fall into the crowd without notice. He had never been around the village before, having not had the permission slip signed by his family. The village school trip wasn't particularly interesting to him; especially when visiting it meant he'd have to go with his entire school year. However, as he meandered through the streets, he could truly appreciate the quaint beauty of the small village. Hogsmeade appeared as though a picture on a postcard come to life. Every house came seemingly from a Dickens novel, with thatched roofs and piles of firewood outside their front doors. Despite it being only the early evening there wasn't a person in sight, all no doubt retired to quiet pubs or reading books in front of the hearth. Harry hadn't spent a great deal of time thinking about what life would be like outside of Hogwarts, but he thought it would be wonderful if he could live in a quiet village like this. He passed shops he'd heard people mention; The Three Broomsticks, a rustic pub that would serve a strange beer, even to students. The local clock-menders - a confusing profession, considering the repairing charm existed. What most tempted him however was the local stationary shop, that from a distance looked to store even muggle paper, which he preferred as he could both write with a pen and erase any of his mistakes he made unlike the innately magical parchment he was required to use. Inwardly he questioned why they used such an unwieldy material, but had never raised the issue as he didn't really want to draw attention to himself for something so trivial. He decided not to visit though, as he didn't want anyone knowing he was there. No, knowing the more he moved around the village, the more likely it would be that someone saw him, he chose to sit at a park bench in the least occupied corner of the village. He thought of using magic, thinking of maybe finessing and perfecting some of the transfiguration that had piqued his interest towards the end of last year. However, he didn't really know how the laws of underage magic worked and he wasn't about to test them. Rather than that, he opened one of the few of the few notebooks he had left and worked on just about the only hobby he had beyond magic; drawing. Being the black sheep in his 'family' had led to a rather limited range of activities he could do when he was younger. He knew that doing anything that involved any modicum of effort from his relatives would be impossible, so he found that anything he did would have to be self-reliant and cheap. His exposure to art had come from school. He would never forget the first time he held the set of cheap paints his school had provided to him. He suddenly realised that all the thoughts in his head, the ones that felt too jumbled or too dark to properly see, could come alive on a piece of paper. Every beautiful thought he had could be seen, in an instant made real by just his hands. He found that creating art was one of the few times that he could be free; any tension that he held within him would be wiped away as he could just create . He thought of it like magic; you could use all the bold colours in the world, but what truly mattered was your intent. He had decided upon something simple as he was out of practice having not really done anything over the summer. He had thought of perhaps capturing the view of Hogwarts castle from Hogsmeade, but decided against it. Hogwarts was home , it deserved more attention and thought than what he had in mind to pass the time. No, instead he chose something he found himself always going back to. It was a memory that he found himself always clinging onto. In truth he didn't even know when it happened or even it was. It just was somehow always...there. It was barely even a memory in truth. Really it was just a flash, an image. He closed his eyes, knowing that no matter how long it had been, he would always see that snapshot perfectly. The world behind his eyes lit up as he saw what would always see; a slim pale hand, in it was a strikingly pale wand. Then, the hand moved suddenly, twisting and twirling, and a green light unlike which he had never seen anywhere else appeared, bright and dark and calm and raging all at once. Then, suddenly, nothing. Darkness. When he was younger, the memory scared him. It didn't make sense - still didn't in fact - he couldn't even comprehend what he saw. Why was someone using a wand? Why was there nothing after the light? Who's hand held the wand? As he discovered magic, little parts were cleared up. He learnt that with magic, light was rarely just light. He knew, very very well, how incredibly valuable a wand could be in a person's hands, good or bad. However, parts still eluded him. In time he took comfort in the memory, strange as it was. It seemed to be the only thing that stayed constant in his life. It soothed him, knowing that despite how chaotic his mind felt, that one specific section of it would never change. He would begin, as he had done many times, with the fingers. Their movement felt important to Harry and he felt he needed to capture it perfectly. Then, he would form the hand. It was so pale, almost translucent, that it almost looked inhuman in his mind. However, he would always be caught when he began to attempt to draw the spell. He could never quite capture the colour - it had depth in a manner that all other colours didn't. It wasn't as much a type of green so much as green was trying to emulate it. It was truly unique in a manner that colours could never be. In his attempt tonight; he was meticulous, carefully choosing every brush and considering every single hand motion. Yet still, he couldn't even come close to capturing what the spell truly was. It angered him, strangely so. He knew, logically,