Hi everyone. This is a new story. I'm not usually a massive fan of Harry and Hermione together, but I thought this might be an interesting way to explore the idea. Harry is not the Boy-Who-Lived and the story really isn't centered around Voldemort. Harry is vastly different than in canon, though he is still Harry. I hope you enjoy this. Please review so that I can improve my writing and let me know what you think of this idea. Thank you. I was quite happy that no one knew we hung out. See, Hermione and I lead highly different lives and had done for the entirety of our Hogwarts careers. It wasn't as if there was a point of divergence that would allow easy explanation for why one of Neville Longbottom's best friends, thereby one of the most respected figures in the school, chose to spend her free time with me. It wasn't if I was part of the cool kids club, then suffered a blow to the head and that turned me into the loser I am now. I mean it wasn't as if I was some degenerate lunatic. I hadn't killed anyone or anything. I just didn't stand out, I suppose. People like Neville had that hero thing where they always managed to be in the right place at the right time. People like Ron Weasley just drew you in, made you laugh and reminded you why you ever fought for anything. And, people like Hermione were just brilliant. It really began in our fourth year, though we had been passing acquaintances for our entire time at school together, a rarity in itself. It was during the time between Neville's fall into exile for being in the Triwizard Tournament and then his rise back to the top of the social mountain after everyone remembered ' hey, that guy's kinda a fucking God on a broom' after he out-flew a dragon. Ron and Neville had fell out, as Hermione had told me, and she didn't want to get in the middle of it. She came across me in my usual place hiding behind the greenhouses and smoking. I wasn't sure what the Hogwarts rules about smoking were, I still don't to be honest, and I didn't want to risk it. I mean, Gandalf smoked a pipe, so they can't be too against the concept, could they? "That's bad for your lungs, you know." Said Hermione, though her voice was not quite as bossy as I'd grown accustomed to hearing inside our lessons over the past three years. "Well, I think that's entirely my choice but okay. I think I'm far more likely of dying in either in a ball of nuclear light or at the hands of an insane wizard than my body falling apart. I think the fact we live in a society where cancer can literally be vanished from your body would indicate that that isn't something I should be all that worried about." I replied, though I got rid of my cigarette. It's just rude to smoke in front of people that don't want you to. "Still, you shouldn't do it. There's no point in causing unnecessary damage to yourself. It's daft." "But where's the fun in life if you're not under mild threat at all times? Your friend Longbottom would seem to agree with me." I replied. "I don't want to talk about him or about any aspect of my social life currently. I'd quite like to just avoid all of that for a little while." "So you're running from your problems?" I asked. "No! I'm simply avoiding a potential calamity, something you clearly have no idea about." She said "Hey, that's not true. I'm very good at damage limitation. I don't go to Snape's lessons for that very reason." " Professor." She said, rolling her eyes. "I didn't know you liked roleplay, Granger. Though I rather enjoy you showing me such respect." I replied, sending Hermione's skin into a red hue. "Just shut up, would you? It's bad enough I have to deal with Ron and Neville's bickering, I don't need the advances of a pervert added to my list of issues." "So what do you want, then? Because if I can't be morally dubious then what else have I got?" I said. "I don't know, just think of something. Distract me for a while." " Well , I know of one way we could use our time." I said, winking at her. "I thought I told you to stop with that?" She replied, huffing. "Okay fine, we'll talk. It's not every day I'm talking with the brightest mind of our generation, so let's put that brain to good use." I said, attempting to be droll. "People really need to stop calling you that, by the way. It's disingenuous. There's like a billion people in China. You surely can't be smarter than all of them." She attempted to look offended. "If I wanted to be poorly insulted I'd go and sit with the Slytherins at lunch." I smiled at that. She gave up trying to be offended and smiled back, her warm, brown eyes lit up as she did so. "You ever wonder how the universe chooses whom to bestow magical ability to?" "A little bit. I mean, it's such a big part of my life, isn't it? It's not like I have a magic gene like purebloods probably do. Nature just decided to give magic to me, a person of entirely mundane ancestry. Had that not happened, I'd be at some comprehensive school, no doubt being accosted by some bully. Now I'm at some boarding school, no doubt about to be accosted by Malfoy." I laughed. Hermione was witty when she wanted to be. "I have a theory, though you'll fucking hate it." I said. I could see she wanted to scold me for my language but didn't. "I think muggleborns are all subject to prophecy, that's why they get magic. Fate needs another character for its play of life and just throws magic at someone. I mean, look at you. You're clearly destined for great things. It can't just be chance that causes that." "That is single-handedly the most half baked theory I've ever heard. You think the tides of fate draw muggle-born people in? Prophecy, and divination for that matter, are subjects of guesswork and evangelicalism and just outright lying . I refuse to believe that my entire life is any small part linked to anything quite so insubstantial." "Okay, so what's your theory?" I asked, quite annoyed. "I, erm, don't actually know." She replied. "I suppose at some point one of my ancestors will have to been magical, it's statistically impossible for them not to have been. Magical ability could just be a latent gene that once in a while activates. I'm unsure." "I do abhor your need for science. I like to imagine that there's some magic involved in your abilities." I said in rebuttal but knowing her she was probably, and rather annoyingly, right. "You've gotta have some awe and mysticism involved or it all become too mundane. The most powerful magic a lot of people do is accidental magic when they don't know anything about magic. Look at Dumbledore. The bloke's the most powerful wizard ever and he's bat-shit insane . You really think with that guy being the best of all of us that the any real success will come from breaking down everything into scientific theory?" She glanced skyward for a moment. "Well, Headmaster Dumbledore actually was responsible for most of the breakthroughs in research in the last century. He's actually rather rigorous in his work you kn-" I cut her off. "Well that might be the case, but you can't tell me you can look at someone like that and see Leonhard fucking Euler , can you?" She gave me a quizzical look, but didn't ask. So what, I like Maths. Big deal. "It's just not probable that magic was given to me because someone like Trelawney proclaimed so. Apart from all else it'd make it hard for me to sleep at night knowing I owe all of my proudest accomplishments to someone like that." I laughed once again, then looked into her eyes. "Why did you come and talk to me off all people?" "Well to tell you the truth I wasn't looking for you. You just happened to be here." She replied. "Well that was a clear and thoughtful answer that really helped to clear up any confusion." She looked at the ground bashfully. "Well, if you must know, I truly intended upon going on a walk around the grounds to gather my thoughts after talking with Neville." "And what did this conversation with Neville entail if it caused you to meander into my den of hedonism and loneliness?" Her eyes remained firmly planted upon the ground, though something quite strange came into her eyes then. "It's what it didn't entail that was the issue." All of a sudden, it clicked. "You like him, don't you?" I asked somewhat rhetorically given she continued to stare at the floor, but she nodded jerkily nonetheless. "And I take it he doesn't quite share your feelings?" Again, she nodded. "It's...It's just that he was the first person to be nice to me, is all." She said after a brief silence, a catch in her throat. "It's just a harmless fantasy. A schoolgirl crush." "Still hurts though, doesn't it?" I asked. "Yeah." She responded, tears then falling from her eyes. I averted my eyes. "Longbottom's a moron then, isn't he?" I said. "He's probably going to end up marrying the youngest Weasley or Abbot from Hufflepuff. People like them are ten-a-penny. You're fucking Hermione Granger , brightest witch of our age. He's not gonna find another one of you." She sniffled. "I t-thought y-you s-said that was di-disingenuous?" Said Hermione, her watery eyes brightening even as she looked up at me. "It might be disingenuous, doesn't mean it isn't true. I barely turn up to half of our lessons and I still know that," I said, though I felt rather awkward just watching her cry. I had no idea what to do, and given that this was the first time we'd ever really spoke, I don't think she'd really appreciate my haphazard attempts at consolation. "T-thank you, Harry." Said Hermione. "Why do you dress like that?" Asked Hermione, Rather out of the blue. We hadn't spoken for a month or so, and since then Longbottom had become the King of Gryffindor once more, so Hermione was again back atop the social mountain. Why on earth she'd come to find me at the back of greenhouses I have no idea. I looked down at the huge flannel shirt that the Dursley's had given me after Dudley had grown out of it. I could hardly tell her the truth. She's Hermione Granger , she'd probably start a charity to buy me adequate attire. "I'm really into Grunge." "Grunge?" "Grunge. Like Nirvana and stuff. It's the style." I said, which was probably on the list of the top ten worst excuses ever. Who the fuck liked Nirvana? "I know what Grunge is. I'm a bookworm, not deaf." She said, turning up her nose. "You're still smoking, I see." "It keeps the Dementors away. They think the smoke's a patronus." I said, stubbing out the cigarette. "Is that what you came here for? To berate me for my choices?" "No actually, I came here to inform you of the fact that McGonagall wants to see you tomorrow evening." She said, actually rather smug about it. That was annoying. "And how did I manage to earn that particular distinction?" "Well, today there was a mandatory meeting for the whole of the Gryffindor from fourth year and up. You'd know that if you actually attended lessons, by the way ." She said. I shrugged. "Huh, that's interesting." I said, leaning against