I've always been a fan of farce - probably stemming from too many episodes of 'Allo Allo' as a child! Needless to say, I don't own Harry Potter or any of the other characters referenced herein . . . oOoOo Harry Potter woke slowly, the antiseptic smell in his nostrils telling him that he was, once again, in the hospital wing of Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. Slowly testing his limbs he was relieved to find that everything seemed to be in place and working normally. He opened his eyes, and was relieved that he could still see, albeit as blurrily as usual without his glasses, which he found sitting on the cabinet at the side of his bed. That hadn't been a foregone conclusion, as the last thing he could remember was being covered in a partially-completed mood-enhancement potion when his cauldron had unexpectedly exploded. Putting on his glasses and sitting up in bed had drawn the attention of a number of people, who now approached his bed. The Headmaster and Professors Slughorn, Snape and McGonagall were beaten to the bed by Madam Pomfrey. "How are you feeling Mr Potter?" she asked. "Any nausea or light-headedness? Is your vision clear?" "No, no and yes," he replied. "I feel fine, Madam Pomfrey. What happened?" "Sabotage, Mr Potter," said Professor Slughorn unhappily. "I saw Mr Malfoy levitate something into your cauldron, but before I could do anything it exploded." Harry shrugged. "Malfoy's always trying to sabotage my potions," he said. "He's not normally very subtle so I stop most of his attempts. I was really concentrating on slicing the peyote shoots, though, and must have missed this one." "Yes, your potion was looking good, Mr Potter," complimented Slughorn, "I've given you full marks for the day as you were well on track to completing it successfully. You seem to have inherited your mother's talent in potions, and she was a match for Severus, here." Harry fought down a grin as Professor Snape scowled, obviously unhappy at any praise aimed his way. "Thank you Professor," said Harry. "Are there any potential problems with me being coated in the potion?" "That, Mr Potter, is a very good question," replied Slughorn. "Ordinarily the answer would be no, in that although you might have mood swings for a few hours there would be no lasting impact." "Ordinarily?" repeated Harry nervously. The four professors exchanged glances. Harry sighed. "Am I going to die?" he asked resignedly. "Mr Potter!" exclaimed Professor McGonagall. "Of course you're not going to die." Harry thought he heard a muttered ""Unfortunately" from Professor Snape's direction. "So what is going to happen to me?" pressed Harry. "It's obviously something unpleasant from the way you don't want to tell me anything." "It's not necessarily unpleasant, Harry," said Professor Dumbledore. "But if what we suspect is correct, it may be that you are in for some . . . interesting experiences, shall we say." "The thing is," interjected Professor Slughorn, sensing Harry's rising exasperation, "Professor Snape and I examined the residue of the potion that exploded on you, and we were extremely surprised to find that Mr Malfoy's sabotage seemed to have produced a potion that, as far as we are aware, has only ever been brewed successfully once before." "And?" prompted Harry exasperatedly. "The potion, Harry, is called "Le Farceur" by the French Academie des Sorcieres , who were the ones to successfully brew it in the 1960s," explained Professor Dumbledore. "They were attempting to produce a long-lasting version of felix felicis without the side-effects that the liquid luck potion has. They intended it to be used by their aurors, to give them an edge against magical criminals." "That actually sounds like a good idea," said Harry. "But I'm assuming that it didn't work as planned?" "By Jove, no!" exclaimed Professor Slughorn. "They tested the potion on a volunteer from their auror corps, a Monsieur Clouseau, and, well," he trailed off. "The man became a walking disaster area," said Professor Snape gleefully. "In the following twelve months he was the subject of seventeen murder attempts, was the cause of a small war between France and Italy and had over a dozen houses explode whilst he was inside them." Snape smiled. "The coming year should be very interesting, Potter." At Harry's horrified expression, Professor Dumbledore hastened to reassure him. "Please do not be alarmed, Harry. Whilst it is true that M Clouseau was indeed involved in a number of extraordinary incidents, he did in fact survive them all, apprehended many criminals and became the most highly decorated auror in French history." "Indeed," agreed Professor Slughorn. "And the last I heard, he had retired to an island in French Polynesia with a number of extremely attractive women who he'd encountered whilst under the influence of the potion." "So for the next year, I'm going to have horrible luck and probably have lots of people trying to kill me or blow me up?" clarified Harry. "It is perhaps more accurate to say that the improbable will become certain around you, Harry," said Professor Dumbledore. "Those occurrences that would ordinarily be a chance in a million will come to pass more often than not." "Like being attacked by possessed professors, basilisks and dementors and being kidnapped to take part in necromantic resurrection rituals, you mean?" Dumbledore coughed. "Yes, exactly those kind of events," he admitted. Harry shook his head in disbelief. "So business as usual," he grumbled, and turned to Madam Pomfrey. "Am I fit to go back to lessons?" "You are, Mr Potter," said the matron. "You can head down to the great hall, lunch should still be on the tables. But please let me know if you experience any unusual symptoms over the next few days." "I'm sure you'll be seeing Potter regularly over the coming weeks," Snape told her, smiling maliciously at Harry. Harry jumped off the bed, glared at Snape and stalked out of the hospital wing, slamming the door behind him. A shelf by the door vibrated, dislodging a small cauldron which fell onto the foot of a suit of armour stood guard by the door. The armour shook its foot and aimed a kick at the cauldron, which flew towards the professors at speed, impacting Snape's groin with a meaty thud. Snape fell to his knees with a wheezing groan, clutching himself. Professor Slughorn spoke into the silence. "Might be a good idea not to antagonise Mr Potter, Severus," he told his younger colleague. "I seem to recall that several of M Clouseau's superiors and colleagues were hospitalised and institutionalised on a regular basis, usually after a disagreement with M Clouseau." "Indeed," mused Professor Dumbledore, as Madam Pomfrey helped Snape to his feet. "Something worth sharing with your House, Severus," he told the silently-crying potions master before sweeping out of the hospital wing, followed by a chuckling Professor Slughorn. oOoOo Harry plopped onto an open seat at the Gryffindor table between Ron and Luna, who had taken to eating with the Gryffindors on a semi-regular basis. Hermione, sat opposite, immediately began to question Harry on his health. "I'm fine, Hermione," Harry interrupted her. "Really. I feel fine." "So that potion you got covered with had no effect?" asked Neville. "It was weird watching it – it looked like you just absorbed it straight through your skin!" "That is weird," admitted Harry, slightly disconcerted. "But it's just some kind of anti-luck potion that will cause unbelievable stuff to happen to me; but that already happens, so I don't think much will change." "Anti-luck?" said Hermione. "It was a mood-altering potion, wasn't it?" "Not after Malfoy sabotaged it," Harry told her. "It turned into a potion with a French name, 'Le Farcer', or something." Hermione went white and Ron gasped audibly. "Le Farceur?" asked Ron. "The one that the French auror Clouseau volunteered to test?" Everyone turned to stare at Ron. "You've heard of it?" asked Hermione incredulously. "A potion brewed in France in the 1960s? How do you know about it?" Ron shrugged. "The twins were fascinated by it. Reckoned it was a way to brew chaos. They had a couple of books about Clouseau, and spent ages talking about it one summer, before they decided it was impossible to actually brew." Hermione's eyes had narrowed. "Did you read those books, Ron? Were they the illustrated ones?" Ron went red. "I just flicked through them," he muttered. Neville and Harry exchanged puzzled looks. "What are we missing here?" asked Neville. Surprisingly it was Luna who answered. "'Le Farceur' isn't an anti-luck potion," she told Harry. "It's a potion that causes all kinds of farcical situations to develop around the person who takes it. Strange accidents, explosions, convoluted plots around world domination, that kind of thing. But also, and this is probably why Ronald is blushing, M Clouseau and lots of people around him seemed to end up losing most of their clothes on a regular basis, in a variety of embarrassing situations. One of the books has photos. Lots of photos. And M Clouseau seems to have had lots of very attractive female friends." Both Harry's and Neville's jaws had dropped at Luna's explanation, and it seemed that everyone on the Gryffindor table was now eavesdropping on the conversation. "You mean," Harry began in a rather high-pitched voice, before coughing and continuing "you mean I'm going to start losing my clothes as well as getting involved in life-threatening situations?" "Probably, and not just you," said Luna cheerfully. "All of your friends will probably be affected, too." "I need to leave Hogwarts," blurted Harry, scrambling to his feet. "That's, that's, I mean, that's not fair on any of you. If I leave, you won't be affected." "Nonsense, Harry," said Luna, pulling him back down. "If it was one of us who'd taken the potion and wanted to leave, would you let us?" "Well, no," admitted Harry. "It wouldn't be safe for you outside Hogwarts, with Voldemort out there." "So even though you might be negatively affected by the potion, you'd want us to stay?" "Yes," sighed Harry. "Exactly," said Luna triumphantly. "Friends stand by their friends, even when there's trouble around." "Doesn't mean I have to like it, causing weird things to happen to you," muttered Harry. "Of course not," agreed Luna. "But I can assure you, when I find myself mysteriously transported to your bed in the Gryffindor dorms wearing nothing but my underwear, I won't hold you responsible." A pensive look crossed her face. "I must owl-order some new underwear. If I'm going to be exposed on a regular basis I should at least try and provide some variety." "Luna!" exclaimed Hermione. "That's not necessarily going to happen." Luna stared at her calmly. Hermione sighed. "Alright, it probably is going to happen," she admitted. Harry managed to turn his mind away from the thought of Luna in her underwear. "Isn't there any way we can stop it happening?" he asked. "Sorry, Harry," replied Luna. "I'm afraid you're just going to have to put up with me appearing in your bed in my underwear." "That's curiously specific," said Neville. "How do you know that the potion will cause you to appear in Harry's bed in your underwear?" "Lucky guess?" suggested Luna innocently. Hermione banged the table, startling several people. "Luna," she said severely. "You are not going to use the potion as an excuse to appear in Harry's bed in your underwear." Harry, picking up on the twin ideas that (1) Luna might like him, and (2) Luna was an attractive witch who seemed keen to show off her underwear to him, unthinkingly said "I don't mind." Faced by an unflinching glare from Hermione, he rapidly backtracked. "That is, you're right Hermione, Luna shouldn't try to sneak into my bed in her underwear." He risked a glance at Luna, who winked at him, causing him to blush massively. "Anyway," said Luna breezily, "it won't just be me. There'll probably be lots of