It was not long after the arrival of spring that King Thranduil of the Woodland Realm and his wife, Queen Adrianna left from the palace to enjoy a ride in the woods. Thranduil watched his wife closely as he hadn't thought it a good idea for her to be out in her condition. She was just days short of completing her ninth month carrying their first elfling. Having endured an abnormally long winter indoors wrought with morning sickness and all the other ailments associated with pregnancy, Adrianna had proclaimed that she would go out with or without him. And as he could never really deny her anything, he found himself agreeing to escort her. So that morning found the throne room empty and Thranduil and a contingent of guards taking a leisure ride in the forest. After a few moments, Thranduil actually found that he was enjoying his time away from advisors and the everyday hassle of the palace. "Ah see now" Adrianna said as she saw the tension released from her husband's shoulders. "isn't this a lovely day to be amongst the trees." A broad smile gracing her lovely face. "Yes my love. I must confess that this is quite relaxing." They found a spot in the clearing near the lake and stopped for a picnic. They sat and talked and took turns reading to one another. The picnic had been relaxing break and as the day closed to an end, Thranduil was glad that they took the much needed time away. "Alright dearest, I have indeed enjoyed this day, but now we must get home." "Just a few moments more my love, to watch the sunset beyond the lake?" "I am sorry, but it is too dangerous. We are too far away from the protection of the compound and the Spiders will be getting very active soon." "Surely they will not attack such a large party." She asked clearly not ready to depart, but Thranduil would not be delayed and walked over to help her to her feet. "It was a long winter for them as well my love. They are hungry and unpredictable. Adrianna reluctantly made her way to her horse and Thranduil helped her up. He rested his hand on her belly and felt the elfling within her kick. "He's quite active today is he not." He smiled. "Yes, she is. It seems that fresh air agrees with her." Thranduil moved closer to her belly and whispered conspiratorially. "Don't worry ion nin. I know the truth and we shall have the last laugh, you and I." Adrianna laughed as Thranduil gracefully mounted his stalling and they headed towards to palace. They hadn't gotten far when the captain of the Guard halted them. All of the other elves looked towards the trees having already felt the evil creeping around them and the warning of the trees. "What is it Thranduil?" "Adrianna" he looked nervously at his wife. "Spiders. Stay close to me." Thranduil pulled his bow from his back and fitted an arrow against the string. Soon there were arrows flying into the trees and hideous screeching sounds as black spiders fell dead from above. The attack was fast as the spiders advanced from the above and from the forest floor. "Why are there so many?!" Adrianna called to Thranduil. "A nest must have hatched nearby!" He called back to her. "Stay close" "We need to get out of here!" "Adrianna NO!" but Thranduil's shout came too late. In a moment of panic, the Queen spurred her mount forward bumping two of the guards and causing their shots to go askew. Thranduil rushed after her followed by Regalis, the Captain of the Guard. "Adrianna STOP!" She plowed forward at full gallop unaware of the fact that Thranduil and Regalis were trailing behind her rapidly firing at the creatures that tried to harm her. Adrianna's mount came to a sudden halt as a somewhat large spider fell from the trees in front of them. Adrianna managed to hang on to the horse's mane, but lost her grip as the horse reared back in an attempt to trample the creature and protect his rider. Thranduil was too far away to do anything but watch as his wife fell backwards onto the hard ground. The mount, unaware of his proximity to his fallen mistress continued to rear up to crush the spider under his hooves. As he took a step back, Adrianna was forced to roll to avoid the being kicked in her swollen belly. Unfortunately she was still dazed from the fall and while she avoided the full brunt of the kick, she was still hit with a glancing blow. She cried out in pain and fear for the life of her child. Thranduil thought his heard would stop at the resounding thud of his wife hitting the ground. He hurried to get to her as the spider tried to get pass the mare to his vulnerable prey. Thranduil and Regalis pulled arrows from their quiver and fired. One arrow pierced the creature's body pinning it to the ground while the second hit it squarely in the head. "My love!" Thranduil dropped to the ground beside her. "I'm sorry, please forgive me. I should not have fled as I did." She cried. "Everything will be well. Do not move." He tried to comfort her. "You will be fine." "Ahhgh" she screamed as she felt cramps in her abdomen. "Oh Valar! Thranduil! The elfling!" she screamed again tried to curl her legs up to her body. "Regalis, we will need a litter! We need to get her back to the palace now!" "Aye My Lord." Regalis was very concerned. His wife had just given birth not too long ago and he could imagine the pain he would feel if he were in Thranduil's place. Running back to his stallion and pulled the a sling from his bag. As the rest of his elves arrived, things were set into motion quickly. An elf was sent ahead to alert the healers of the Queen's condition and their arrival. She was put on the sling and covered with a blanket to keep her warm as the night began to chill the woods. She was carried as quickly as possible without causing their Queen any more discomfort. When they finally arrived at the palace she was taken into the healing rooms and the doors were shut. Thranduil was forced to wait while his wife was attended. The guilt he felt was eating away at him. "I should never have let her go out." Thranduil proclaimed. "I should have protected her better." "My Lord, I believe that she would have gone without you. She will be fine. They both will be. Do not worry so." Regalis tried to comfort him. "I should have protected you both better." "You are a good friend." Thranduil managed a small smile. "I guess there is plenty of guilt to go around and no fault to be had." "Aye My Lord." Thranduil had no idea how much time had passed before Maglion, the chief healer came out. "My Lord." Thranduil's heart was pounding as a sense of dread overwhelmed him. "How is she?" "She is sleeping. She has three broken ribs and a broken wrist." "What of the child?" "I do not know if it was the fall or the kick from the horse, but the birth sac was ruptured. The child had to be taken. You have a son." "He lives?" Thranduil asked not believing their good fortune. "For now sire. We almost lost them both during the birth as we had to cut the child from her. The Queen is resting now and will heal in time. The elfling however, his lungs have not developed fully yet and you know that elflings do not have the healing capabilities that we have." "What are his chances?" "Very slim." the look on Thranduil's face showed that he hoped for more optimism from the healer. "I would not have you hold to false hope sire. The elfling is in a very fragile state. It was not due to arrive for another three months." "Has she been told?" "Yes. She is taking it much better than I had expected. I was a bit worried that the loss may cause her to succumb to grief. But it seems that she will be fine." "At least that is good news. I would see her now." "Of course." Maglion led Thranduil to a small quiet chamber where Adrianna lay resting. Her eyes were closed but he knew that she was not sleeping. "My love" he said as he took her hand in his. "How are you feeling?" "Tired." she gave him a wry grin which faded as she gave way to tears. "Oh Thranduil, I am so sorry. It is my fault..." "Dearest please. I have already been through this with Regalis. What happened is done. There is no need to place blame. We will move forward." he tried to console her. "But our child. Your son, he is lost." Thranduil was confused. "No my darling, he yet lives." She shook her head. "But not for long. Maglion has told me that he may yet die. More than likely he will not see the sun rise. "I will not give up hope for him. We will be a family, the three of us, and one day we will tell him of how he survived though everyone else thought he would die." Adrianna smiled again. "A strong King you may be my love, but this is not something that you can control. Nay, do not hold to him. He would drag you into despair and I would not lose you both. Just let him go." "No my love. I will not do that. I cannot do it. I have known despair and survived it once, and I will do so again if I must. But I will not give up on my son." Thranduil onto her hand and waited for her to speak again but she did not. He put her hand to rest by her side and walked to where an elleth sat holding his child. When he was close enough, she rose and put the bundle into his arms. "He is so small" Thranduil whispered as he looked upon his soon. He could hear a rasp in each breath the tiny one took. "Did she see him?" "No my Lord. She would not seem him as she was afraid of becoming attached ere he pass away." The elleth answered. Thranduil rubbed his finger across the tiny cheek. "He will not pass." He said to her before walking away with the child to a nearby window. "We have had many conversations you and I." He said lovingly to his son speaking of the times he had spoken to his wife's belly as she slept and other times when he whispered conspiratorially as they discussed whether he be male or female. "We have already put one over on your naneth and now we have others to put in their place." he smiled. "You will live and you will be strong my little one. I will name you for the young beech leaf; soft, pale and downy, and so fragile-looking that one feels the heat of the sun could melt it, or the merest breeze tear it to shreds. Gradually changing from pale green to the dark green of our land. And with the changing of the seasons you will grow and your strength will be that of the beech tree. Ion nin. My Legolas." The young elleth was moved to tears as she listened to her King speak to the child and she knew that she would never forget his words that day and for they were not words spoken in despair but with the conviction of love. Thranduil did not notice that he had an audience as he turned around to see that everyone in