Drabble 1 Renny saw everything with curiosity. Although it had been at least five months since she had come to Rivendell for some strange reason that no one, not even Lord Elrond, let alone her, knew; there were still several customs of the Elves that she did not understand. The Elves still saw her as a strange being, and still, with a certain disdain. Maybe it was because she was a female human. Above all the ellith seemed to hold the most aloof. Why? She had no clue, but according to Gilornel it was because she had a close friendship, too close, with Lord Glorfindel, the heart-breaker of many a fair Elven-Lady Renny wondered again and again what was wrong with it. That is to say, Lord Glorfindel was an Elf of the most kind, chivalrous and nice ... sometimes he was naïve, especially for Renny, who loved joking and teasing people, but he was also intelligent and very understanding. Yes, Glorfindel was what Renny and, most likely, any female or almost any female, she corrected herself, for Gilornel did not seem very much interested in him, wish. He was very famous for his great and heroic feats in his previous life, that of beating a Balrog ... it was not nothing! Nor hold the battles he held with an army much smaller than the enemy! And that increased the chivalry, the charm, the intelligence and how handsome he was ... But to Renny none of that mattered. She loved to spend time with him and to know him not as the slayer of Balrog or the hero of Gondolin, but simply as Glorfindel, an Elf who was certainly very handsome and intelligent, but an Elf more who lived in Rivendell and who understood her perfectly well. Renny had come out of her rooms because from an early time she felt an air of difference, of joy, of ... celebration. Though the tread of the Eldar was silent to human ears, a joy and anticipation hung the fresh, cool air of winter dawn, and Renny quickly felt it. She sought out her only female friend among the Elves, Gilornel. Perhaps she knew what was happening. After going round and round the house of Lord Elrond she found her. The beautiful elleth was very busy preparing the tables for a feast. " Mae Govannen, Gilornel." Renny greeted her cheerfully. "Ah... what's going on? Why all these preparations? " The elleth turned to her with a bright, strange look, her rich chestnut hair falling in distracted wisps from her braid. "Do not you remember, Renny?" Renny smiled. To hear her name being said in the liquid-soft Sinda accent always made her feel...good. "Today is the Winter Fest!" Renny frowned, trying to remember. Yes, indeed, the elleth had told her that the Elves celebrated that feast as the beginning of a new year, and that on that night and on subsequent days there would be gatherings. There would be dances, and songs, and much old lore would be told by minstrels. Renny had never been in a celebration of the Elves. It was mostly the Noldor that would be singing and telling stories, the lovers of art gathering together, and she had been there before, but this night was different. Gilornel's bright green eyes shone as she said that the Hall of Fire would be opened. "Yes, I remember. Sorry, my memory is not always good, "Renny said at last. Gilornel smiled teasingly. "Indeed... I wonder why it will be?" she asked, glancing knowingly, seeing that a tall Elf with long hair that looked like liquid fire-gold and blue eyes was heading towards the office of Lord Elrond with a steady and delicate step. Renny followed her friend's gaze and saw the Elf coming in. He looked at her and flashed a bright smile. Renny felt her heart begin to beat sweet and fast and her cheeks began to blush, and she realized that if she did not stop, she would end up as blushing as her long, rebellious flushed hair. So, what she did to conceal it as naturally as possible was to take two fingers to her temple and salute him something like a military man. Gilornel was surprised as the Elf nodded to her and returned the greeting in the same way. It seemed that he was going to go to them, but at that moment another ellon came up and said something. Glorfindel gave them one last smile and walked away with a quick step. "What is that?" Gilornel asked, her head tilted curiously. "It's a greeting." replied Renny lightly. "Greeting?" "Yes, it is among friends. It is a salutation, you are recognizing them." Renny explained, remembering the first time she had taught Lord Glorfindel. The Elf had been surprised and did not know what to think. Renny had been amused to see her friend's reaction when he had tried to learn it. Sometimes he was so cute! So naive! And at the same time so intelligent and insightful. She did not know how he was able to do both. Maybe it came with living forever. She shifted uncomfortably, seeing eyes fastened upon her. "Why do they look at me like that?" Gilornel sighed. "Well, what's not obvious? You are the closest friend of Lord Glorfindel, you are so close that he has learned the greetings of the Men of your realm! " Renny raised a surprised eyebrow. "Come on. We must find you a dress for the Winterfest!" She seized Renny's arm and dashed along. "Dress?" Renny repeated "I do not want to wear a dress. I can't move easily in them. I stumble in them." Gilornel looked at her in surprise, and Renny sighed, realizing that no matter how fast Gilornel ran, her garments never impeded her, instead flowing around her. The dresses, she admitted were beautiful and exquisite. Their texture and style, as well as the material with which they were made, made the dresses of the royalty of the Edain look like simple and gross rags. "At least wear one tonight." the elleth replied determinedly. "And think ... Lord Glorfindel will be at the celebration." Renny raised an eyebrow. "What does that have to do with anything?" "Oh! Do not play the fool, Renny! Lord Glorfindel is interested in you and that is why he is determined to learn new things from your realm. The other Elves are not like that. We prefer our own culture because we do not have the same problems as the Edain, who are behind in comparison to ours. But you, Renny, you have made an Elf, and not any Elf, so interested in learning the manners of your realm that he even uses them with you!" Renny rolled her eyes, but she felt a little jump in her heart beat. "Come now! Promise me that you are going to wear the dress that I bring you and that you are going to comb your hair. "said Gilornel after a few moments "Comb?!" Renny repeated "And what else do you want me to do? May I travel to the Sun and Moon and back today? " Gilornel sighed. "Come on Renny, it's a special occasion." Renny frowned. She did not like to comb her hair. She would untangle it but no more. Her long, curly, red hair often brought attention to her, and she had whispers she might be a relation of Fëanor. "Okay, just for a while," Renny said grumpily. Gilornel smiled and gave her a hug. "In a little while I'll be back with the perfect dress for you! I assure you that Lord Glorfindel will be surprised to see you " Renny closed the door and dropped into the bed. What a problem it was that Gilornel was determined to play the matchmaker! Lord Glorfindel was not interested in her! She was just his friend, he just saw her and he would see her like that! There was no way it would be any different! Why would he, when he had all of Imladris's fairest maidens? Renny closed her eyes and pulled her hair as a little girl would do to prove her annoyance. Who did she want to fool? Her heart was beating for the handsome, intelligent, charming, Elf ... but she was simply a female human who was not even from Middle-Earth. Yes, who did she want to fool? That night was joy among the Elves. Everyone had gathered outside Lord Elrond's in the cool winter air, and clear laughter rise high as white snowflakes came drifting down. Delicate music resounded to the starlit sky. After a while, when the banquet ended, the dance began. Renny was entertained and amused, watching the Elves circle. The dances of that race were very different from anything she had ever seen, and she noted some difference to the Sindar and the Noldor Elves in the dances. Noldor were filled with a soft elegance, and they were more like to her race, though far fairer and wiser, but the Sindar Elves danced with a wild, barely suppressed grace. They danced as leaves in the wind, and Renny felt a thrill from watching them. Occasionally she wondered how such swift and sure steps could stay in rhythm with the movement, but Sindar Elves never faltered, as the song beat the soft rhythm of wintry-clear starlight. After a while, however, she began to feel lonely. There was no one to talk to. Lord Elrond was with Lord Erestor and other Elves while the twins were talking amongst themselves. She jumped when a clear voice said. "My Lady, why are not you dancing?" Renny looked back and saw that it was Lord Glorfindel. The Elf was handsome, but dressed in that fine blue linen robe damasked with gold-leaf, and his loose hair silver-gold in the moonlight made him look…She swallowed. His face seem to shine, eyes deep and piercing. "Because, my Lord Glorfindel, I do not know how to dance." she replied. "Then allow me the privilege of teaching you, Lady Renny." Renny smiled. "Allow me the privilege of telling you that I thank you, but ... no." she replied. "And please, no need to be formal." Lord Glorfindel sat down beside her and smiled at her. "Why do not you want to dance? It's a night of celebration, of joy" "I see that." she replied "But the truth is…I cannot dance." Glorfindel frowned. "Why not?" " I have some skill for the waltz, but only that." "Waltz?" He repeated in surprise, the foreign word strange on his tongue, his Noldorin accent less fluid than the Sindar, but it carried something richer, deeper." "Yes. It's an Earth dance that happened between the little Princess and the little Prince." she replied, and laughed nervously. "It's rather embarrassing, but as a child I wanted to be a Princess. I think it's very common among girls of my race." "I do not see why this situation is embarrassing." he replied, not ceasing to look at her. "If it is the illusion of a child, it is something very precious, something that is priceless." Renny shook her head, and grinned. "Buying a new dress: $100; The illusion of a child: priceless. There are somethings that have no price, for there exists the Master Card." Lord Glorfindel smiled, though he did not quite understand it. Renny looked back down, playing with the emerald dress. She had to admit that Gilornel was right, the material was like water, fluid, beautiful. She looked for her friend and caught a glimpse of dark hair free. She was speaking with Elrohir, and Renny smiled. "Then teach me how to dance." Renny frowned, looking back to the golden-haired Elf. "What do you mean?" "That you teach me to dance that dance that you say you know ... the waltz." Renny laughed. "Oh, Glorfindel! That will never happen " "Why not?" asked the Lord of the Golden Flower. "Well, because ... now is