Part 1: Sweetest Flower of All Thy Field "Beautiful isn't it?" His voice carried across the field. I turned from where I stood to glance up at his approaching figure. I let out an impatient breath at being found, reminding myself to remember to cover my tracks more carefully next time. Unable to ignore him, I simply smiled, hoping that my sudden frustration would die down and his keen vision wouldn't notice. I bent to pick up another wildflower, placing it into the bunch I held within my hand. The colors shinned bright, as pinks, purples, blues, reds, all of them forming together to make a bouquet of sunset in my hand. "Let me help you with that." In a series of swift movements lasting only several short seconds, he was by my side. Casually, he too bent down to pick up a delicate yellow flower. "Madia." I spoke as I took it from his warm hand. "What?" He turned, his black eyebrows scrunching together as he glanced at me; it was something he always did when he hadn't quite heard what I was saying. The funny thing was he always heard me, he could hear me yards away, yet his mind was just usually somewhere else, confused or deep in his own thoughts. "The flower, Jacob, it's common name is Madia Elegans. Native Americans use to crush them into food. I however just think they are pretty." "So you're telling me my ancestors used to eat these things?" He smiled, twirling another flower in his fingers, his white teeth catching the sun's rays that filtered through the clouds. "I would say we've moved up in the world?" I couldn't help but roll my eyes. Jacob always seemed to have a snide comment up his sleeve. I brushed past him and found another patch of forget-me-nots. A few more and I would be done. I bent down to gather a few of them, only to have Jacob's shadow cast itself over me. I breathed a deep breath. I had to remind myself that it was just Jacob's way. He never meant to hover. He was just like this. He had always been like this, it would always be this way, at least with me. "You seem to have a big bunch there." I could feel his eyes on my neck, on my shoulders, as if he was watching my every move. I took another deep breath focusing my energy on trying to slow down my heartbeat. Jacob could hear even that too. "Enough for Esme and Mom." I stood, turning to face him. "I promised Esme a new vase of them and I figured we could use a new batch at the cottage." "So Ness, you going to tell me what you are really doing up here all by yourself, again, and don't say it's because you just needed some fresh air." His brown eyes caught mine as he crossed his arms. His stance seemed firm as if he wasn't going to let me pass without an answer, an honest answer. "I know you better than that." That was the one thing I hated most about Jacob, he knew me too well. He could tell when I was lying. More than that he knew when I was keeping things from him, which until recently had never really been the case. "I…I just needed to…breathe." I took a deep, much exaggerated breath and smiled brightly. "And I thought it would be a good idea to give mom and dad some space for a few hours." Despite his grotesque face at the mention of my parents, I knew he wasn't satisfied. I tried to move past him to avoid his gaze but he wouldn't let me pass. That was another thing I hated about Jacob, he was stronger than me, the human side of me made we weaker. He placed a firm hand against my arm. It didn't hurt rather it felt warm, a feeling that as a child had been comforting, but now was simply annoying. "You're lying. You're heartbeat gives you away." "That's not fair." I caught his eyes. I knew he was worried. His forehead was wrinkled, a fixed concerned expression glued to his face. "Jake—" "What aren't you telling me, Ness?" He moved towards me, placing his hand on my other arm. I was officially trapped there in front of him. My eyes fixated on the heavy rise and fall of his chest, I dared not look up into his eyes for fear that I would be found out. "You've been distant lately…with all of us." "I just have a lot going on." I muttered under my breath still unwilling to look up at him. His touch loosened, and finally he dropped his hands. "Like what?" He laughed taking a step backward, the sound of it filling the silence of the open land. "Piano lessons, defense and offensive training, studying advanced Latin and Greek, learning names for wildflowers—" "Cut it out Jacob." I finally glanced up at him, but I was angry and he knew it. He took another step backwards as if my words had hurt him. "Sorry, I didn't mean anything by it, I was just joking." "I just have a lot that I am processing right now." "Processing?" He mumbled as he crossed his arms again, his eyes transfixed on me as if he was trying to read my mind. Thankfully only my dad could do that and he and I had agreed to a strict code of silence a long time ago. "Okay, so what are you processing?" "Jake—" "No, Ness, I'm all ears, so what's going on?" He reached for my hand, as if I would show him the way I had always shown everyone else what I had wanted, the way that had become normal for me to communicate. "No, Jake. Not like that. I'm not a child anymore." I spoke the words I had been thinking about for years now aloud and with an intensity that I hadn't even expected. Jacob instinctively withdrew his hand as if my words had literally stung him, and maybe they had. "I'll…I'll see you later." I took one more glance at him and speed off, flying through the forest, I was grateful he didn't try and follow me. Dodging the trees and rocks, I made my way back to the cottage, the bunch of wildflowers secure in my right hand. It only took a few moments but it felt like an eternity especially since Jacob's hurt expression seemed to stick in the forefront of my mind. I came to an abrupt stop in front of the door and let my ears pick up on the sounds around me. Hearing nothing but the casual voices of my parents, I opened the door and stepped into the cottage. Walking to the piano by the large floor length window, I grabbed the crystal vase on top of it as I had so many times before. This outing unfortunately had become a routine the last few years. I consoled myself by believing that it was a kind gesture to have fresh flowers in the houses and that it brightened up the rooms. "Another already." My dad, Edward's voice came from the hallway. "They are lovely, Renesmee." My mom, Bella smiled brightly as she moved quickly from under my dad's arm to where I stood. She breathed in their scent and kissed me on the forehead. "Thank you sweetheart." "I just figured a new group might be nice." "You seem to be spending a lot of time up there." "It's just so beautiful this time of the year. The sun shines right through the trees and lights up all the colors in the field, like a living breathing sunset." "It must be spectacular. Maybe we should go see it for ourselves." My mom put her arm around my dad's waist and leaned her head against his chest. I had seen her do the exact same thing my whole life. The same exact move, the same exact way, and yet now it somehow made me begin to question things I had never questioned before. I could tell they had caught my dilemma. I saw recognition in my dad's eyes. He had heard my thoughts. "Are you okay?" My mom stepped out of his embrace and laid her hand against my cheek. Her touch felt slightly cool, like a soft breeze, so unlike Jacob's warmth. That was the difference of their kind, one cool, one warm. "No, I don't think I am." I heard my voice shake as I said the words. Within seconds my mom brought me into her embrace and my dad wrapped his arms around the both of us. It was something that should have brought me comfort, but it seemed to only make me more agitated. I didn't want their touch; I wanted space. I wanted space and answers, answers to all the questions that ran through my head. It was my dad who stepped away as if my thoughts had been well registered. My mom responded the same as if taking his lead. "Bella and I will try and answer any questions you have." At the mention of the word questions my mom's face expression hardened, if that was even possible. "Dad, you can't pick and choose when to abide by the code!" I said through a frustrated sigh. "I know, it's just—" He looked from me to my mom and just smiled as best as he could. "I'm sorry, you're right. It's just gotten harder over the years. I just want to protect you, to help you." "You are growing up, Ness." My mother's tender voice echoed over us. "A part of doing so is thinking, feeling the way I can assume you do." Her hand found my face again, smoothing a free strand of wavy hair away from my eyes. "We just want you to let us in." Upon hearing my thoughts, my resolve loosening, my dad led me by the hand to the couch in the center of the room. My mom gracefully sat down beside me, my dad it seemed was content to sit on the ottoman across from us, yet both of their golden brown eyes never left my face. "Ask us anything. We will do our best to answer, to help explain anything that might be troubling you." "Is this about Jake?" My mom asked as she bit her lip, a nervous human habit that she seemed to have still kept even after she was turned. I knew the blush that rose over my face from her bluntness only gave me a way. There where some downsides to being what I was, this was definitely one of them. "He's part of it," I tried to be honest, "but it's more than that." "I just feel so…different. I mean, yes, I know I am different than each of you. Carlisle even says that the human part of me makes me so, but I guess I just…feel it…sense it more now that I am older. I mean at seven years I was fully-grown, mature by human standards. I stopped aging almost ten years ago. For the longest time now I've felt older than I am. I just feel like…like I am trapped." My mom ran a hand over my head and through my wavy light brown hair, as if responding to my confusion, as if doing so might soothe it away. "Why didn't you say anything before?" "I never felt like I could." I said truthfully looking between the both of them. "You both were so happy, so excited with this life and the way we lived it. For a while as a child I was too. I grew up surrounded by love, by countless tutors, by many mothers, fathers, and friends. Yet the last few years…I have…there's been an awakening of sorts. I seem to notice things that no one does. I