Uh oh, I'm making a PercyXArtemis fanfic? You guys might actually crap yourselves. Anyways, I'm only doing this as a test run, and this might be the only chapter that is posted of this. I recently did a poll asking what pairing you wanted my new story to be, and I must admit it isn't closed yet. However, PercyXArtemis is kicking ass. Like literal spanking the ass of all the other pairings. So, here you go. Wanted to try something different, and I know how much you guys wanted a Pertemis fic. So here you go. Enjoy. Disclaimer: All characters not created by me are owned by Rick Riordan. The story you're about to hear none of you will believe. I understand. I completely understand that everything I'm about to tell you is absolutely blasphemous. When I tell you that I died, came back to life, became arguably the strongest being to ever live, then you'll probably think I've smoked the same stuff that the guy who believes all politicians are lizards smoked. Regardless of all that, I'm still going to say everything that has happened to me. Because if I don't, I'm scared even I'll start to believe that none of this has happened. So I guess I'll introduce myself to you. I'm Percy Jackson, and I'm twelve years old. And I'm about to tell you how my life turned to crap in mere days. Let's start when times were much, MUCH simpler. "Percy!" My head shot up, as I tried to pretend I had been paying attention for the past hour. "Yes sir?" Mrs. Dobbs's head tilted downwards with her glasses sliding down her nose slightly, as she shot a death glare at me. "This is the third time this week that you've fallen asleep in my class. And what have I told you about calling me sir? It's quite disrespectful." I shrugged, and allowed for a lopsided smirk to find its way onto my face. "I'm sorry Mrs. Dobbs, it's just so easy to get confused whether or not to all you a sir or a ma'am." This resulted in the stifled laughter of many of my classmates, my best friend Grover being the loudest. She apparently had enough of my antics, for she got up from her chair and slammed her hands on my desk. "Okay funny guy, you got jokes? Let's see how funny it is when you're wiping every single desk and my whiteboard every morning until the end of the school year." I opened my mouth to fire back at her, but bit my tongue. I can't be expelled again, I thought to myself. Instead, I forced a smile. "Yes ma'am, I think that sounds great." My favorite teacher grinned triumphantly back at me, then proceeded to tell everyone about our field trip to the Museum of Art in downtown Manhattan. Of course, we had been told all of this before in Mr. Brunner's class, but apparently Mrs. Dodds just felt the need to repeat exactly what he had said. And I guess since she was our homeroom teacher, she just thought it would be better if she ensured that everyone knew what was going on today. She finally finished talking, which meant all we had to do was wait for the bell to ring so we could go out to the bus-loop to get picked up. I'm guessing that all of you have gone on field trips before, and they're usually pretty fun, right? Sure, why not. That may be the case for all of you people, but for us at Yancy Academy they were often full of crap. Yancy is probably the worst school I've ever attended, and that's saying something seeing as I've been expelled at least a dozen times. I got expelled so many times that my sister had to use some of her student loans to send me to a boarding school, AKA this place. And it's not like it was the museum that I wasn't excited for, it was the nutcase teachers that didn't let anyone have an ounce of fun. But then again, Mr. Brunner was going with us. He was without a doubt the coolest teacher in this used condom you call a school. He was a middle-aged man in an electric wheelchair. While all the other teachers treated students like nothing more than cockroaches, Mr. Brunner spoke to his students with respect and like he actually cared what he had to say. And plus, he actually made learning Latin fun. He spoke about Ancient Rome, Greece, Mythology, basically all the stuff that I'm interested in. I came up with the theory that when you lose your ability to walk, you become an awesome person in general. When the bell finally rang, everyone jumped out their seats and ran out the door, despite the nagging that came from Mrs. Dodds. I was about to bolt ahead of everyone to get the back seat on the bus, but turned around to see my buddy Grover hobbling after everyone with much less speed. I sighed, stopped, and jogged back to Grover. "Hurry up, Grove! We gotta get the back seat before that she-whale Nancy gets it." Grover began to huff and puff, clearly getting tired. "I'm sorry Percy, I'm trying." Looking at my friend with pity, I put his arm over my shoulder and helped him move a bit quicker. "I got you buddy." Grover was the best friend that I could have during this trip through hell that you call a school year. He was always there for me, would try to help me study, and overall try his best to keep me out of trouble. Of course he would fail most of the time, but he clearly tried his best. Most of the people in our grade talked about him behind his back, and most of the time mine. Why you ask? Well, I have the reputation of always helping my friends that I plan to keep. There was a reason people talked about him though, he was the perfect example of someone who is vulnerable to being bullied. He had walked like he had no kneecaps due to a muscular disease, he had acne, a goatee that looked like pubes, and was very scrawny. So, I felt it as a personal responsibility to protect him as often as I could. Which often resulted in detentions, but it was still worth it. When Grover and I finally made it to the bus loop, the bitch herself Nancy Bobofit was in her usual clique, eyeing everyone up. Her eyes stopped on mine, as she broke out into laughter when she saw what I was doing. "See everyone? The rumors are true! The reason Percy has never had a girlfriend is because he's had a gay relationship with Grover this whole time. Who knew?" I felt a sour taste build up in my mouth as I clenched my fists. "If you don't think I won't knock a few of those nasty ass teeth out your mouth only because you're a girl, you got another thing coming." The comment may have been seen as extremely offensive to normal people, but to the insane children at Yancy, it was completely normal to talk to others like this. Nancy still closed her mouth however, not allowing me to see the corn kernels for teeth she had. "Whatever, Prissy. C'mon guys." With that, Nancy and her sheep walked onto the bus and towards the back. "I might actually get arrested for domestic violence today, Grover," I said, helping him up the steps inside the bus doors. He struggled a bit, until he finally made it onto the bus and landed into one of the first seats he saw. I usually would have complained about being so close to the front, but I didn't seeing as I didn't want to deal with Bobofit right now. "It's honestly not worth it, Perce. She wants to get a reaction out of you. Is that what you want? Do you want to get expelled again?" "Grover what kind of question is that?" I asked getting into the seat with him. "Of course I don't want to get expelled again. My sister had to pull a lot of strings to get me into this school. But I'm still not going to let that cow mess with my best-friend." Grover smiled at me. "I appreciate that, but at least try to let her not get your britches in a bunch today?" I sighed. "I'll try buddy. And who still says britches?" After the awful bus ride where Grover had been pelted by spit-balls and little balls of bread soaked in peanut butter, we finally had made it to the museum. After getting everyone situated, began to lead us through the aisles of art on display. Currently he was talking to us about a painting of Kronos getting handed Poseidon by Rhea to be eaten alive. I was trying to listening, since what he was talking about was pretty cool. But every time I tried to listen what he was saying, someone would say something stupid. This time it was Nancy who was giggling like an idiot because Kronos and Rhea were drawn naked. Finally sick of it, I turned around. "Shut up, won't you?" I meant to whisper it, but it kind of came out a bit louder than I intended. Everyone's eyes shot to me, as Mr. Brunner stopped talking completely. "Is there a comment you'd like to share, Percy?" My gaze shot to my feet. "No sir." He appeared to not be satisfied with my answer, as he pointed to a nearby stone stele with engravings on it. "Why don't you tell all of us what this picture represents?" Thankfully, the engraving was something I recognized. "That's Kronos." Mr. Brunner looked unimpressed. "Fantastic job. What is Kronos known for?" I began to play with fingers as I began to think. "Well, he was king of the Titans, I think. And, he didn't want his spot to be taken by any of his kids, so he ate them all." He finally nodded. "Very good, Percy. And how were they freed?" "When his youngest child Zeus was born, his wife Rhea hid him in a mountain cave or something. When he was old enough to actually put up a fight, he fed his dad something nasty, making him throw up all his brothers and sisters." Mr. Brunner nodded. "Very good Percy. Mrs. Dodds, how about you lead everyone outside for lunch? Percy stay back with me." I silently cursed to myself. Grover patted my back in encouragement, and hobbled outside with everyone else. Mr. Brunner rolled to me. "What's your GPA Percy?" "A 1.9 sir," I said with a frown. He shook his head, clearly not happy with my response. "You need to try harder Percy. I expect you to be trying your absolute hardest in all of your classes." "But Mr. Brunner, you know I have dyslexia and ADHD." "Yes Percy, I fully understand of your conditions. But you should not treat them as disabilities, but instead use them for good. You're very bright Percy, you only need to use that knowledge correctly." I shook my head, upset that he was expecting so much of me. Why should he care? "Yes sir." Mr. Brunner looked at me curiously, until he waved me off. "Go on, eat your lunch outside." Sure I was upset, but I was still happy that someone believed in me when no one else did. Every single teacher I've ever had hated me, and failed me without a second thought. That is, until I met Mr. Brunner. I'm pretty sure after the fifth school I was kicked out of, even my sister began to doubt me. I guess getting expelled from every school in the county does that to you. My sister's name is Amy, and she's my half-sister. My diseased father was