" And though in all lands, love is now mingled with grief, it still grows, perhaps, the greater." ― J.R.R. Tolkien, The Lord of the Rings He's had death and destruction before his eyes for so long that he's come to believe he's never going to see beauty in anything again. The war. The loss. The disappointment. The shattered dreams. The uncared pieces. Each opened a crack in his soul that he hasn't even tried to fix. He's fixing other things, now, cracked and broken just like he is, but more important than he feels. Building, streets, bridges, devices. Even people need to be reconstructed. He's never been good with people, though, so he sticks to unanimated things. Things he can't hurt. Just break, in case, but not hurt . Because he's already hurt enough people. All he wishes now is to repair, to revive. But you can't revive the dead. x x x The after-war world doesn't look any different from before, to her. Deserted places and damaged things and miserable people are just a pathetic reflection of what she's borne inside for such a long time she's almost forgotten when it began. Almost . It was the Games. The Games took her and never gave her back. And then, one by one, took all the good things she had, leaving her with nothing but herself and the sorrow, the rage, the bitterness. The Games took her and never gave her back. As it happened to twenty-three other people, that year. Every year. But she was the last one standing. The one who made it through the slaughter. A kid. A tribute. A weakling. A fighter. A survivor. A Capitol doll. Still, she's never felt a Victor. And yet, she's been so many things in the last few years, she can barely tell herself from each of those. Maybe she's all of them. Maybe none. Maybe she's nothing at all. She wanders District 7 like a stray cat, lonesome and peaceless in a place she can't really feel like home anymore. It's like the war made everything become like her: empty, and broken, and ruined. Beyond hope. Hope . The word is a stranger upon her tongue. She's never had a good relationship with it. Even back when she used to feel it, she's never relied on it, and now it's only a long forgotten arch enemy she's buried along her way, together with the ones she loved. She might be still standing, still walking on, but she has no idea where to go. There's nowhere worth going to. Every step she takes, she feels like the next it going to fall into the end. And yet, somehow, she's still here. x x x He's grown addicted to working. He rises before the sun and goes home after everyone else has left. Works his heart off until he just can't stand anymore and feels his knees start to give in. The sore muscles and joints, the tiredness oozing from every breath he takes, the calluses and bruises in his dirty skin… it all helps him drag himself from day to day, consuming time like it was venom to get rid of before it overcomes him. He barely eats. Enough to survive but never one bite more. He thinks of the old days when food was a luxury he would hunt through the forest and carry home to feed his family, and realises he misses the way it used to be. Poor and humble and hard, and yet real . There are times he thinks the times he could feel life are over for good. When he's asked to move to District 4 for a while to help the local people rebuild their homes, he doesn't give it a second thought. One place or another, it doesn't make any difference. His conscience is his grave and it will follow him wherever he moves, however far away he runs. He's okay with it. It's what keeps him going: the will to suffer any of his days the way the ones he's lost suffered because of him. Some of them are dead, some are alive and carrying on with their lives. Katniss married Peeta. He always knew she would and doesn't really care anymore. Finnick left a wife and an unborn child to deal with their new life on their own. Little Finnick Jr must be one year old or something, now. He's not sure. Haymitch is doing fine, as far as he knows. Alcohol and self-seclusion. Harsh manners and little patince. He hasn't quite changed, in fact. And Johanna. He doesn't know much of her. He only remembers her the day they parted – wild and skinny and worn and diffident – her last look to him, like she knew they would never meet again. He watched her leave with her bundle of spite and regrets, her addiction to morphamine and fear of water. She never looked back. He reckons 4 is a good place to go. No risk of unwanted encounters. Plenty of work to do. Nothing to remind him of bad memories. So he goes. Because – really – from here to there, what difference could it make? x x x It feels strange. It feels strange and uneasy. It feels strange and uneasy and somewhat bad to sit with Annie in front of a cup of tea and cordial platitudes, dunking homemade cookies like drowning unpleasant memories. Because this is not her stuff, really. She's not that kind of girl. But she obliges, because Annie cherishes good manners and hospitality and it would be unkind not to return her niceness. Even though Johanna was never a nice girl to anyone. She didn't even want to come. She got a card from Annie inviting her over for little Finnick's first birthday and just couldn't say no. Out of pity, or out of self-harmful tendencies, she accepted. She's a few days late, though. On purpose. She couldn't stand the idea of meeting Peeta and Katniss. She quite likes the boy, but archer girl will never be welcome in her personal space. They're too much alike, she thinks. So here she is. The kitchen is small, humble in a cosy way. It smells like the sea, of salt and sand and windy shores. She can see al of this from the window she's sitting by. It feels strange and uneasy and bad and even a bit sad. Because of the excess of tragic events Annie and her son remind her of. Because of the lack of something she wishes was there. Someone . Because of Finnick. All the empty spots within these walls seem to mourn him, even though this house never met him. "He loved you, you know." She stares at her tea, made pearly white by a sprinkle of milk. She stares and blinks, not in bewilderment. Not at all. She blinks two tears away. They sting in her eyes like thorns. "What are you talking about?" Annie shakes her head gently. Raises little Finnick onto her lap and looks up with a smile. "My husband. He loved you. In a way he would have never loved me." There's nothing reproachful in her tone. Nothing but serene acceptance. "You know it's not true," Johanna replies, and her heart, if she still has one, breaks a little more. But Annie smiles again, and there's the sweet brightness of the setting sun in this smile, a light Johanna will never own, will never be able to even reflect. "You know it is." Plain, gentle Annie. Johanna can see why Finnick liked her but can't see why he loved her. "He loved me, too, that's right. But he loved you as much. He chose me because I'm not like you. I'm not strong, I'm not brave, I'm not sassy like you. He chose me because I needed him. You didn't. Not really." Blood runs colder through Johanna's body. Annie's right. It's been a whole life's goal, to be independent and self sufficient. Not to need anything or anyone. That's why she's alone: she's nobody's priority. It was her choice. Yet it hurts. Down her throat, deep in her chest. It hurts and burns and bruises to hear such tender words from a person she's always found so unworthy of Finnick's love. And now she's the unworthy one. Johanna knows she loved Finnick, but she never had the guts – the heart? – to admit it. It would mean weakness. It would mean to be vulnerable. And, after the Games, she never wanted to feel vulnerable again. Even if this meant to lose the most precious thing she could ever dream of. "He chose you," she retorts, a she wants it to be definite. "This is all that matters." Annie makes to say something but Johanna addresses her a piercing glare that silences her. She doesn't want to listen. She doesn't want to speak. She sips her tea and makes silly remarks about the landscape outside, the warm weather. Annie indulges her. She's said what she had to say. She's heard the denial she expected to hear. Johanna locks herself back into a sound, safe silence. She doesn't want to speak, nor to listen. Her soul is screaming. x x x Awkward. That's what it is. The bunch of wild flowers in his hand, picked in the fields on the way. Different colours, different shapes, different lengths. It's a random stain of nature. Awkward. The sweat of his hands holding it uncomfortably. Awkward. The patches in his clothes. The untidy mess his hair has become. The inelegant, unshaven beard. Awkward. Everything about this visit is awkward. He doesn't even know why he came. He was never truly close to Finnick and he barely knows Annie and the child. They haven't even kept in touch. It's not like he owes them a greeting or anything. He felt like he should. He's been in 4 for two weeks, now, close enough to Annie's place to pay a visit any time, and there's no reason why right now . He just felt like it was the right time. It's been a while since he's had any contact with somebody from his past. A while since he's done anything nice for somebody. Since he's done anything nice at all. Nice doesn't quite match his lifestyle, or his life in general, as a matter of fact. When he knocks on the white wooden door – so 4 , he thinks, almost smiling – the last thing he expects is to find himself facing a pair of dark eyes that at least seem to share his own puzzlement. The sight of her literally strikes him. One look, and all he can think about is that it's amazing how different a person can be without changing at all. "Johanna." It's an unwilling whisper coming out of his lips without permission. He's surprised his mind recognised her while his eyes are still examining her so intently. Long, slender legs giving away way too many inches of unusually pale skin from under the ragged jeans shorts. White tank top designing soft curves with unintentional and yet quite remarkable sensuality. She's grown her hair a bit. It tickles the nape of her neck in uneven brown locks, a neglected mess as if she's just come back from a run in the wind. She looks weird, he muses, but can't seem to come up with the right word to define what he's perceiving. Hands on her hips as if expecting something, Johanna scoffs at him. "Whatcha lookin' at, Handsome?" She doesn't inquire why he's here. How he is. What he's done all this time. Cheeky, shameless, old Johanna, blurting out thoughts like she had no filters between her head and her mouth. Or maybe she has, but just doesn't care. Her eyes are just like he remembered them: a well of darkness, fierce like burning embers even as she efforts some sort of welcoming