Hey guys! Let me introduce you to my latest fic. Basically, I'm Jily trash and always will be. I hope you all like it! Reviews would be awesome :). Also, a note: If JKR didn't write HP, none of this would be possible. All credit to her. Enjoy! xxx x Prologue: "Well, you know the five stages of Grief, right?" Emmaline asked the group. "Not all of our parents are psychologists, Em." Alice reminded her. Emmaline huffed and flipped her long black hair over her sweater in exasperation. "Ok, so there's five stages that each person goes through when they find out they're gonna bite it." "Eloquently put." Lily muttered under her breath, arousing snickers from her friends. Emmaline ignored her. "So that's a lot like how girls act when they fall for James. And boys for that matter. Only, ya know, instead of dying at the end..." "They'll just wish they did instead?" Dorcas finished, a smirk on her face. Alice shoved her. "Please Dora, he's not that bad! He's always ever so nice to me and Frank, never takes points when he finds us snogging at night. That's better than some can say." She directed a pointed glare at Lily. "Hey! It's my job, and he should be following the rules. As Head Boy, Potter isn't allowed to play favorites." Lily said with a scowl. "He let you skip Charms yesterday on account of 'Head Business.'" Emmaline reminded her. She snatched a piece of parchment that Lily was supposed to be writing her Potions essay on, and began to scribble a list. "Well that was just so he could save his own skin!" Lily protested. "He owed me a favor for catching him smuggling Fanged Frizzbees into the common room and not reporting him." "Seems like the two of you have been quite chummy since the start of term." Dorcas said curiously. "Turning over a new leaf?" "Hardly." Lily snorted. "He's just Head Boy now, so we have to get along. And he's been doing all of his duties pretty well, to my immense surprise. So I'm cutting him a little slack." "Still, last year, giving James Potter a little slack would be more unheard of than if Alice dumped Frank and ran off with Slughorn." Dorcas teased. "I just cannot resist that mustache and bald spot." Alice said dreamily. The girls laughed. Suddenly Emmaline piped up. "Done!" She cried triumphantly. "Here we have it, ladies." The girls peered down at the parchment in interest. Lily had to refrain from her eyes rolling out of her head at the title. The Seven Stages of Falling for James Potter: Stage 1: Denial Stage 2: Anger Stage 3: Insomnia Stage 4: Bargaining Stage 5: Jealousy Stage 6: Depression Stage 7: Acceptance Lily snorted at Emmaline's carefully written list. "Bargaining? Depression? Most girls who worship the ground Potter walks on seem far from depressed." "Delusional maybe." Dorcas added with contempt. "I'm serious guys, watch anyone who fancies James and you'll see one of these stages. Take Marlene for example." They looked across the Great Hall to the Ravenclaw table, where Marlene McKinnon was currently sitting. She looked like she'd eaten a sour lemon or something. "Poor girl is smack dab in the depression phase." Emmaline concluded solemnly. "She's just found out about Potter and that Sixth year Melissa Gellart going to Hogsmede together on Saturday, so she's in a right state of mourning." "Yes, but she's been mad about Potter for ages." Lily pointed out. "That doesn't prove that these steps are really true." " Stages not steps, Lily. She's not a recovering addict or something." Emmaline said. Dorcas giggled. "Why so defensive Vance? Are you forming a crush on one mop-headed Chaser as well?" "Of course not. It would be like dating my cousin." Emmaline quipped. This was what she always said, as her and James were very close, ever since First Year. They'd both made the Quidditch team at the same time, and both were practically rabid about anything to do with the sport. They had a friendly competition going, since she was a Chaser for Ravenclaw, and he for Gryffindor. She's always stuck up for James when Lily or Dorcas would go on a tirade, and Lily treated their friendship with a begrudging respect. Just because she couldn't stand the git didn't mean she wasn't going to let her friends be around him. Though she hadn't the foggiest idea what the appeal of hanging out with him actually would be. Maybe Quidditch has just made Emma funny in the head. "Some people can be friends with Potter without wanting to shag him." Alice agreed. Dorcas rolled her eyes. "You're different, Ms. Dating the Person She'll Marry since Third Year." Alice gave a small smile and a blush. Dorcas pretended to vomit into her book bag. "Oh! Here's another good example." Emmaline announced, getting their attention. She pointed at Holly LeDurand, a Fifth year in Gryffindor. She was down at the other end of the table, so the girls had to try and stare without looking too suspicious. Lily noticed the forceful way she held her pencil, as if it was about to snap. Her face was pinched into a glare most fearful as she ripped through the pages of one of her textbooks without pity. "That's definitely the Anger Stage." Emmaline concluded. "Well-spotted Em. I would've thought she just hated Transfiguration." Lily said sarcastically. "How can you tell she's upset about James though?" Alice asked curiously. "Just watch." Emmaline instructed. They did. Every so often, Holly's lips would form some angry muttering words they couldn't make out, but from just reading lips, Lily concluded that they looked very much like the phrase stupid Potter over and over. "Wow, maybe you aren't crazy about these steps after all." Dorcas said approvingly. " Stages, Dora. Stages. " Emmaline grinned. "I didn't even know she liked Potter." Lily said thoughtfully. "She's obviously just began to. That's why she's in the early stages, i.e. anger." Emmaline stated. She seemed very smug about her new theory. "How did you even figure this out?" Alice asked. "I'm just observant, I guess. Not to mention sharing a dorm with Marlene for seven years now has taught me a little about obsessions with James." The girls giggled. "Well, speak of the Devil." Dorcas muttered. Lily turned her head to the front of the hall, as Potter and his friends came swaggering in. She did have to say, James Potter was undeniably attractive. He had this pull, this charm, over most of the students in Hogwarts. His easy-going smile and untidy black hair gave him a rather puppy-dog cute appearance, while his body, toned from Quidditch, gave him the hotness appeal. Lily understood why girls swooned, but she herself would never get past his horrid arrogance and immaturity to let herself be one of them. Not to mention the git loved to torture her, at least Fifth and Sixth year he did. So far this year he'd seemed ready to put some past prattishness behind, a fact that confused Lily a bit, but she greatly appreciated. Maybe it was his new responsibility as Head Boy. But it was only a week into term, so who's to say his new, less repulsive attitude would last? "Afternoon, girls." Potter greeted Lily and her friends, plopping down next to her. He was with his usual crew, the Marauders. Sirius Black looked like he'd just rolled out of bed, even though it was past noon. Peter seemed to be concentrating on his Potions notes, eyes anxiously skimming the pages, no doubt in stress of the upcoming test. And Remus Lupin was there as well, although with tired bags under his eyes and a pale sickly tint to his skin. Lily knew why this was, though her other friends did not. "Wha's dis?" Sirius asked, mouth full of toast. He reached for the list curiously. Lily's eyes widened in horror. She would rather die on the spot than let James Potter know they were all talking about him in a 'falling for you' kind of way. Luckily, Dorcas snatched up the list before his crumb-filled fingers could reach. "Didn't your mum ever tell you not to touch things that don't belong to you?" She asked testily. Lily let out a big breath of relief. Next to her she felt Emma shake with silent laughter. "What's up your butt, Meadows?" Sirius asked causally, eyes still following the list as Dorcas shoved it hastily in her bag. "Well, our lovely conversation was just interrupted by a couple of nosy prats, you see." She replied. "What were you guys talking about?" James asked Lily, a kind look on his face. Lily tried hard not to blush. "Er... Nothing really." She said lamely. He smiled at her for a second, hazel eyes alight with warmth, before he returned to his notes on Hinkypunks. Now Lily was annoyed. Why had Potter been doing that lately? Acting like an actually decent human being to her? All of Fifth and Sixth year, he'd seemed to make it his mission to torture Lily as much as possible. If it wasn't the incessant pleas for her to go out with him, it was constant teasing and pranking of her. She knew the flirting was all just a game to him, as Potter's apparent crush hadn't stopped him from dating other girls from time to time. But the pranking was downright infuriating. There wasn't much she could do in forms of retaliation, as she was a Prefect then. But she got him back a couple times, memories that brought her immense satisfaction. However, all that seemed to change this year. James Potter had gotten on the train this year seemingly ready to take his new role as Head Boy seriously. He'd been nothing but respectful to Lily in their first Head's meeting, not even teasing her on how strict the rules would be this year. (They had to be, with all the unrest outside the walls and now within.) He was nothing but kind to Lily, offering to pick up extra rounds if she was too tired, and letting her teach him how to do the paperwork properly. Sure, he was still very cocky out on the Quidditch field, especially now that he was captain of Gryffindor. But that wasn't a bother to Lily, because you needed confidence to be a good leader, and that was what James was being. This realization made her jump a bit in her seat. "Something wrong Evans?" James asked next to her, a teasing smirk on his lips. She narrowed her green eyes. "Did you finish the Hogsmede schedule for October?" She accused. "Yep, and for November too." He said. Lily deflated a bit. Damn. She really wanted to give him a good yelling for some reason. "Oh, um, well, good job then." She said awkwardly. "Thanks Lils." He flashed a smile. "Lils?" She frowned. "Only my friends call me that." James's grin faltered. "Oh, yeah...Well, is that ok? I-I figured since we've been getting along better..." He stuttered. Lily had never seen him so ruffled. It was a bit enduring. "No, it's fine." She chuckled. "Don't work yourself into a snit." James scowled, making her laugh harder. If she was paying attention, she would've seen a very meaningful look shared by Alice and Emmaline at their exchange. "Well ladies, is it time for Divination?" Dorcas asked pointedly, interrupting their conversation. "I'll see you tonight for our meeting with McGonagall." Lily called over her shoulder to James, as she picked her books up and walked away. He gave her an enthusiastic wave, smiling big. "I don't need Divination to make this prediction." Emmaline whispered, out of Lily's earshot. "Something tells me we're going to see my Seven Stages put into action very soon." XX X XX X XX X XX X XX X XX X XX X XX X X XX X XX X XX X