DISCLAIMER: The only thing I own is my twisted sense of humour A/N: Just a little bit of light-hearted fluff to celebrate (not) going back to Hogwarts in September. Waa. Enjoy! Part One In Which James Potter is a Crazy Person The morning of September the second at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry was almost always a quiet affair. Year after year students old and new shuffled into the Great Hall, greeted by a celestial ceiling open to the heavens and the smell of breakfast: wafts of coffee, whiffs of eggs and sausage and the occasional rose shampoo- It really only took a second. A second of confusion, then of a dawning realization that drained all colour from the young boy's face. He groaned dramatically, smacking his forehead on the Gryffindor table before him with a loud thump . Ouch. He winced at the pain but did nothing to act upon it; too miffed at himself to attempt to remove the splinters that had surely impaled themselves into his brow region. "Now really , if you didn't want me to sit here you could have just said something," a humoured voice momentarily lifted James Potter from his self-induced migraine. Looking up at the source of the voice, he ruffled his shock of raven hair out of his eyes to shoot one Sirius Black a disgruntled glare. "I'm doomed," James huffed. His new friend simply cocked his head to the side questioningly, his own dark curls swooping handsomely over one glittering eye. "Why? Is the schedule that bad?" James shook his head frantically, then paused for a moment before beginning to nod furiously. "No. I mean, probably. I haven't looked at it." "Make up your mind," Sirius absently buttered a piece of toast as Professor McGonagall continued down the Gryffindor table, having finished distributing the first year schedules. "Could you pass the tomatoes?" "Never mind the schedule," the bespectacled boy pushed his rather large wire-framed glasses up his narrow nose, rubbing his forehead where it had made unfortunate contact with the table. "Do you see that there?" he jerked his thumb to his right, where the rest of the Gryffindor first years were seated. "Our classmates?" "No, no, I'm talking about Lily Evans !" James leaned forward until he was uncomfortably close enough to Sirius for him to have no choice but to look into his eyes. "Er…what about her?" Sirius leaned back to create a sizable distance from their noses, wondering if he had accidentally befriended a crazy person on the train the previous day. He stretched out one gangly arm to the side, lightly tapping Remus Lupin on the shoulder. "Could you pass the tomatoes?" The sandy haired boy handed him the plate without so much as glance up from his schedule, seemingly correlating classroom locations to his map of the castle. "Forget the tomatoes Sirius!" James hissed, "look at Lily!" Sirius slowly turned his head to his left, peering at the small girl moving scrambled eggs around her plate, "Er…her hair looks like the colour of these tomatoes?" "Yes! Doesn't it?" James moaned, clasping his hands together in a manner very unbefitting an eleven-year-old boy, "look at the way it catches the light!" "Uh…" the concerned boy lifted an eyebrow in confusion. Despite the sheer number of similar remarks he himself would make in future years to come, the young Sirius Black was about as versed with the fairer sex as he was with dragons. "Do you think she's pretty?" James asked eagerly. "I…what?" Sirius watched the momentarily delighted expression on the other boy's face slip before he let out another dramatic sigh. "I'm doomed," he repeated sadly, pressing one check into the palm of his hand. For you see, how could he expect his new mates to understand? Yesterday he was carefree, happy; like all other boys his age. His main interaction with girls involved awkward ballroom dancing with the flower girl at his aunt's wedding and stealing his cousin Maggie's hair berets because it made her scream. And then Lily Evans had to walk into his life and ruin it all. It wasn't as if he didn't know what a girl was. Girls wore skirts and hair clips. Girls didn't like playing in the mud. Girls didn't like it when you pushed them or pulled their hair. But when Lily Evans walked into his train compartment on the Hogwarts Express the day before, he had an inkling feeling that she wouldn't merely squeal if he pulled one of her dark red locks. He had a feeling she could make his life hell, and he loved the thought of it. It was then that Remus spoke for the first time that morning, "I don't think taking a fancy to Lily makes you doomed James," he said softly, taking back the tomatoes from Sirius to stab several with his fork. "Remus, you don't understand! Every time I look at her, my heart leaps in my throat! Look at how sweaty my hands are right now," he shoved his palms in Remus's face, "the Potter curse is real!" It was now Remus's turn to raise an eyebrow. "Potter curse?" he inched away from James's positively clammy palms. "Potter curse," James repeated exasperatedly, "I didn't believe it before. I reckoned if the lot of you thought Lily was pretty too, then it wouldn't be true!" "Er-" Sirius began, but Remus, shockingly socially intelligent even at eleven, interrupted before Sirius caused James to have a meltdown. "It's not that we don't think she's pretty, James," Remus chewed on a tomato thoughtfully, "We're just not as er- passionate about it as you are. Why do you think you're cursed?" "Potter men are cursed to fall in love with redheads," James spoke once he placed his hands back in his personal bubble, "my gran always says so." "Yea, because grans are always leading the front on logical thought," Sirius cackled. "Sirius!" James threw is arms up in the air, "my mother is a redhead. My gran is a redhead. Most of my aunts are redheads! Do you call that a coincidence?" "Depends," the black haired boy smirked, "how Irish are you?" "Do you want to die right now?" his friend looked ready to upset a platter of eggs. "Complicated question really," Sirius said, eyeing a jug of pumpkin juice down the table, "I think-" "Relax, James," Remus interrupted Sirius again, "maybe your father's line are the only ones with dark hair in an entire family of redheads. You're not cursed. And if you are, there are plenty of redheads in this world. Besides, Lily seems nice." "Yeah," James dolloped scrambled eggs onto his plate a little too enthusiastically, "yea, maybe I'm not cursed. She might be nice." He stabbed his eggs so violently with his fork that they went flying, landing on the lap of a nearby second year. How wrong he was. Part Two In Which James Potter Attends a Lesson but Fails to Learn Anything "Mr. Potter, if you're going to continue to throw parchment pellets at Miss. Evans, kindly write down the preferred date of your each of your subsequent detentions on them as I will likely be the one collecting them later." Professor McGonagall said casually from the front of the quiet classroom, not even bothering to turn around from the blackboard. October sunlight streamed into the room, bringing with it the faint chirps of migrating birds and a cool, pleasant breeze. No one in class even batted an eye, save for the quiet snicker of Sirius Black. By now most of the third years were impartial, if not bored of James Potter's infatuation with Lily Evans. "Er, no Professor, that won't be necessary," he stammered, the tips of his ears pink. "Good," came her curt reply. The minute McGonagall ended her lecture to assign them class work the sounds of conversation broke out, and said object of James's affections whipped around to glare at him, her green eyes flashing dangerously. Immediately his heart began its usual pat patpatpat routine, reserved especially for when apple-of-his-eye Lily Evans graced him by looking his way. He smiled nervously, wiggling the finger of one hand in a little wave. Her eyes narrowed as she turned back to face the front, slowly gathering the pellets he'd thrown at her in a little pile at the corner of her desk. He couldn't help but continue to stare; he couldn't help it; her hair was extra shiny today. It was burgundy with streaks of golden flame, and like a salamander he was attracted to fire. He poked Remus sharply in the side, who was concentrating on turning a tortoise into a teapot. "Ouch! James, do you ever clip your fingernails-" "Look how shiny her hair is," he interrupted in a mock stage whisper, meaning that Lily, sitting only two rows in front, most certainly heard him, "do you reckon she does it on purpose?" "Yes Potter, I do it to attract dogs like you," she drawled, not turning around, "I'll be using it to hypnotize you into hurling yourself out the window." A choked sound of laughter came from James's left. When glared at, Remus merely smiled sheepishly. "It was funny," he said as a way of defence. "Good one, Lily," Sirius piped from James's right. "If I hurl myself out the window and survive, will you fall in love with me Evans?" James asked hopefully. He could tell from the way she tensed her shoulders that he had said something very, very wrong. Without bothering to answer, she put down her quill, pressed the parchment pellets James had thrown at her into one large one, and threw it at him with a force he didn't know she possessed. It hit him sharply in the nose, knocking his glasses askew. Ouch. She smirked, but he wasn't even angry. Even her little half-smile was enough to send him into a daze. "Miss Evans!" Professor McGonagall snapped as he rubbed his nose, "Would you like a detention too?" "I'll take mine whenever she's having hers," James raised his hand helpfully. This time, his response gathered a few chuckles from the rest of the class. "I should think not," Lily snapped as the bell for lunch rang. James sighed pitifully as he watched her gather her things, smiling gratefully at Frank Longbottom when he passed her a quill she'd dropped. "Why can't she ever smile at me like that Sirius?" His friend barked with laughter. "Tough luck mate." James groaned as it was his habit to do, and thumped his head on his desk. "I'm cursed," he moaned. "Yeah, we know," Remus patted his back distractedly, "Come on, I'm starving." Part Three In Which James Potter Doesn't Attend Class but Finally Learns a Lesson "Evans!" James called frantically as he chased after the lithe redhead in the throng of students pushing themselves onto the Hogwarts Express, "Lily! Oi!" "What do you want now , Potter?" she snapped when he finally caught up to her outside the Prefects' compartment, "because I haven't really got any-why are you panting?" She looked at him oddly as he was most certainly heaved over, gripping the compartment handle in an effort to catch his breath. She hadn't changed out of her muggle clothes yet, and James immediately noticed that her flowy top revealed freckled shoulders that he'd never seen before. "Why…wouldn't I…" he clutched his chest, sinking to the floor in a very dramatic manner, "I chased you…from the muggle platform to here." "Aren't you Quidditch captain?" Lily raised an eyebrow. "So?" he stretched out his long legs, effectively blocking most of the narrow corridor. It was only luck that the Prefects' compartment was at the head of the train and too few students frequented here for Lily to tell him off. "So aren't you supposed to be good at exercise?" "Ha! Quidditch is easy, Evans. You just hop on a broom and fly. You don't actually use your legs ," he