- Chapter One - The Exchange That Changed It All The dark-haired man stood his ground as he came up against his opponent in the comfort of his well-lit hallway, his arms folded firmly across his chest, a smirk playing on his lips. His opponent didn't falter at his gaze. Instead, he stared him directly in the eye, his stare cold and his expression loathing. 'As if you,' said the first man harshly, 'know a curse that can do all that you claim.' 'Don't underestimate the strength of dark magic,' replied the other man, fingering his wand underneath his black robes. The first man burst out laughing. 'You?! Dark magic?! That's a lot for a Squib to boast about.' The opponent's lip curled in anger. 'This is your last chance to repent, or else you will pay.' He began laughing again, clutching his sides to support himself. 'Take your best shot. I'm not afraid of you.' The second man began muttering inaudible words under his breath, staring intently at the man he swore to be his enemy. Laughing, the dark-haired man turned on his heel and began walking in the direction he came. 'I don't feel any different!' he called. 'You will do in the morning!' the other man yelled. And in an instant, he was gone. (Many Christmases later.) The night was certainly picturesque, with the dark, inky sky scattered with dozens of constellations that twinkled happily above the snow-covered roofs of the little houses of Hogsmeade. While the scenery looked like something straight off a Christmas card, the night air was harsh cold and biting. But this did not affect the residents of Hogsmeade greatly as they celebrated Christmas with their loved ones, safe and warm by their roaring fireplaces in the company of those whom they adored most. In this one particular house lived a family of four who were just finishing their Christmas dinner. There were but few morsels left on the plates which were laid out neatly on the small dining table. It was rare that such a meal was enjoyed in the Evans's household, since the little money which came from Mr Evans's potioneering job was often spent on necessities – luxuries were for richer people who had money to spend frivolously. So rare were luxuries for the Evans's two daughters that the very youngest, a girl named Lily, was ecstatic to have been given a hardback book titled Hogsmeade: A History by some Bathilda Bagshot. It was, however, a hand-me-down – it had been her mother's book, and her mother's mother's book before that. Indeed, such was Lily's delight at having been given such a treasure that she was still smiling from ear-to-ear about it by the time she had finished her dinner, despite having to help clear up the table with her older sister, Petunia, and feeling so full she actually wondered if she might explode. When her share of the chores was finally done, Lily grabbed her new book off the table from where she left it and was about to make her way upstairs to the bedroom she shared with Petunia, yearning to start reading the book already, when her mother waylaid her at the foot of the stairs to speak to her. 'You be careful with that book, won't you?' said her mother, a rather sweet-tempered woman, quite sternly. 'It's been in our family for quite about a century, maybe even longer. It's practically akin to an heirloom.' Lily merely blinked and nodded at this information, unsure of how to react. 'Some of the stuff in there is quite outdated, of course,' Mrs Evans continued, prising the book gently from Lily's grip and opening it to flick through some of the pages. 'If we could have afforded a much more recent copy … but yes, while you should take some of the information in this book with a pinch of salt, it does tell of some fascinating stories … myths, even …' she continued flicking through the pages idly until she came across something which made her smile fondly. 'This one I remember my mother reading to me as a child! Yes, this was her favourite. Here …' Mrs Evans turned the book around so that Lily could see it. On the right side of the double page spread was a detailed drawing of what looked like some kind of monster. Its face was repulsive, contorted with rage, with its fur an ashen shade of brown. 'Why was this one her favourite?' Lily asked curiously; it looked like a positively grotesque story to her. 'She believed it was real,' said Mrs Evans, shaking her head slightly. 'Yes, she believed that this monster was real, and that she would find it someday. Of course that was a foolish and outrageous idea – the castle in which the monster was rumoured, many decades ago, to have lived was never found. And the historian who wrote this was publically humiliated.' 'Publically humiliated?' 'Yes, it was rather a shame,' Mrs Evans continued, 'she was a great historian in that era until she published this book full of – of – fantasy . Needless to say, she sold her land and moved away, probably to somewhere a lot quieter where people wouldn't point and stare and whisper at her when she went for her morning walk.' 'Is she still alive?' Lily whispered, engrossed in the tale her mother was telling her. Mrs Evans laughed slightly. 'No, no, she must be long dead now; this was many, many years ago, after all.' 'But where did such a great historian get horror stories from?' asked Lily. Mrs Evans shrugged. 'If my memory serves me correct, she wouldn't reveal the source of this information, possibly to spare them the humiliation she was going through. Undoubtedly, it was a raving loon she might have met on one of her history expeditions.' Once again, Lily wasn't sure what to say to everything she had just heard – her imagination was racing at hundreds of miles an hour. Seeing her eyes brighten, which was often the tell-tale sign that she was scheming, Mrs Evans said sternly, 'That's enough for one night. It's time for you and Petunia to go to bed. We have to get up bright and early to go to Grandmamma's tomorrow.' Lily nodded, quickly kissed her mother on the cheek and raced up the stairs to the small room she shared with Petunia. She turned the round door knob, pushed open the wooden door and was enveloped in darkness. She felt in her pockets for her wand, pulled it out and whispered, ' Lumos '. 'Argh!' came a groan. 'Shine that light in another direction!' 'Oops, sorry,' Lily said quietly, directing her wand at the floor. 'I didn't realise you'd be asleep. It's a little early, isn't it?' 'No, you're a little late,' Petunia said grumpily, turning to face away from Lily. Lily merely shrugged and made her way to her bed after closing the door behind her; Petunia was always like this, ever since … but that was irrelevant now. After a change of clothes and a lot of stumbling around in the dark, Lily crept into bed and snuggled up into a little ball where she could ponder on what her mother told her about the monster. Was it real, or was she being gullible? It's true that her grandmamma was quite an eccentric person, but surely if a renowned historian believed the myth to be true, then it had to be true. Such a clever and sharp woman would not make such claims of a castle and a beast if she didn't have evidence for it. It was while dwelling on these thoughts that Lily fell asleep, only to dream about castles and beasts and forests and wild adventures. When she was awoken in the morning by her worried-looking mother, it was to find that she was quite sweaty; the dream must have gotten intense, but she could hardly remember it now. 'You must bathe and then get dressed, we have to leave soon,' said her mother briskly, after checking the temperature of her forehead with the back of her hand. 'Quick, quick, your sister is already done!' Lily could see Petunia smirking behind her mother as she checked her reflection in the mirror and neatened her dull brown hair for what must have been the millionth time, although it didn't look any prettier – if anything, it just looked plainer. Trying not to be resentful, Lily groggily staggered out of bed, grabbed a towel, her wand and a change of clothes, and headed to the bathroom. She locked the door behind her and then turned to the bathtub. Slowly, she took off her snow-white nightdress and let it fall to the floor. With a wave of her wand, she filled the bathtub with hot water, placed her wand on the side of the sink and crawled into the water. At once, she felt calmness sweep through her body and started relaxing before remembering the time limit she had. She gave her long, dark red hair a fast but thorough wash (or as fast and thorough as she could what with her hair being so thick), quickly scrubbed her body clean, and stepped out of the bathtub. After patting her unusually pale skin dry, and squeezing a lot of the water out of her tangled hair, Lily slipped on her turquoise and white dress, grabbed her wand and murmured, ' Evanesco ' to clear up all the water in the bathtub, and left the bathroom. It only took a few moments for Lily to dry up her hair and put it neatly in a bow, put on her prettiest shoes, grab her book, and be outside of their little home, waiting for her mother to tell them to get on the carriage. By this time, her light green eyes were bright with alertness and her skin had the faintest glow. Lily cradled the book that was in her arms as she looked over at the Thestral that was to take them to Lily's grandmother's cottage. They were large horses with skeletal bodies and wings which looked similar to those of a bat's. Lily was unafraid of them. She approached the Thestral slowly and looked in its chilling white eyes. The Thestral didn't move, except to blink. 'Lily!' came a sharp voice. 'Away from that thing!' Lily almost dropped her book, feeling startled, and hastened to Petunia's side by the carriage. 'Stay away from the Thestral,' Mrs Evans warned, bustling around with the many bags she was holding. 'Now, you two behave at Grandmamma's, won't you? I don't want any bickering. And – eurgh – where is your father?!' She went back inside the house, leaving Petunia to smirk at Lily. 'You heard her,' she said. 'Don't start any fights.' 'I didn't do anything,' Lily said irritably, ' you did. And I took the blame.' 'You make yourself sound like such an angel.' 'Next to you, anyone would sound like an angel –' 'Girls, girls,' said Mr Evans abruptly, looking quite harassed at being chivvied out of the house by his wife, 'be nice, it's practically still Christmas.' *.*.* The journey to Mrs Evans's mother's cottage was a very quiet one; they all sat in the hooded carriage in a bitter sort of silence, Lily and Petunia still resented being reprimanded by their parents. Lily was itching to open up Hogsmeade: A History which was still in her arms. But, being sandwiched between her mother and her sister, there was hardly enough room to breathe let alone to open and read it comfortably. Lily's grandmother's cottage was just a little way away from Hogsmeade, but the bumpiness of the road which caused a lot of discomfort made the journey feel a lot longer. 'Why couldn't we go by Floo powder?' Petunia groaned, after yet another violent jolt. 'I've told you, dear,' said Mrs Evans with