Announcement: I also have a Tumblr for writing fanfiction now. If you want updates, questions, chat with me, request promps or oneshots, and get updates on new projects first, please check it out! It's Pessimistic Punctuation Or Pessimisticpunctuation . tumblr . com (remove spaces) Author's Notes: Here is my crazy new time turner fic! Sans an actual time turner (I am using something of my own creation that inspired the creation of time turners) as it's been proven impossible via the books (AKA the cursed child has no hope in hell of occurring with a time turner that doesn't exist anymore) I have also changed some of the golden trio's kid's ages to keep things making sense in this story. This will follow canon, but with changes. Any changes to Severus Snape's personality is due to how I feel he would change with a proper upbringing, friends, and acceptance. This does not mean he will be outrageously ooc. He will be hept as in character as possible. ~Start Chapter 1~ The actions Dumbledore took were not without consequence nor reason. He learned long ago he had power over other's lives and he shouldn't act so brash as to cause another to die for his personal cause. He was arrogant in his youth, and perhaps even in his death. But in a war, sometimes there is just nothing one can do to evade the fact lives will be lost for one's cause, his cause. His mistakes to fix. Despite good intentions Dumbledore stood upon the precipice of death and thought to himself the lives he had twirled around his fingers during the war. It was with much regret he took his last breath remembering the people he had led into the slaughterhouse like lambs. 'I am truly a monster deserving of my fate.' he thought to himself as he humbly stepped towards the swirling silver mists on his deathbed. "You can make amends in your death." A whispering voice echoed through the ethereal world. "And what manner of being are you?" With twinkling eyes he turned to stare upon a glowing entity in which words were unable to describe. It was mercurial in essence and he wondered briefly if his degrading eyesight had followed him into his afterlife. He was no stranger to the unknown, welcoming it with open arms. "An angel, I suppose is your word for it." She smiled and waved her arm to beckon him forward. Dumbledore was never religious. He knew Muggles put a lot of faith into god. "Faith is a powerful thing Dumbledore," She smiled warmly "Am I to be placed in heaven or are you here to show me the misdeeds I have done throughout my life." His smile was hollow with regret as he stepped forward. "My child, you mistake me, humans are riddled with mistakes, good, and bad. It is not a measure of all your deeds but rather what is in your heart and your intent. You tried to do what most couldn't." "I am sacrificing so many lives, the lives of those I care about, just to take down one man, I am hardly deserving, and for that, I will take my punishment without argument." "Would you change things, if you could?" She waved her hand and Dumbledore saw Hogwarts falling in the midst of war. It's once proud walls lit aflame against the midnight sky. "How long have we been talking?" he gasped as he moved forward to stare upon his home in tatters. "About an earth year, give or take." she changed the vision to show Harry dying at Voldemort's hands. "I have to do something." He panicked. "You can." With a wave of her hand he found himself at Kings Cross, staring down at Harry as he reached forward towards a disfigured part of Voldemort's soul. ~Break~ "Welcome back." "How did you do that?" he asked as he turned bewildered by the experience of talking to Harry upon his own deathbed. "I didn't, you did, are you ready?" "No, not yet, show me Severus." Dumbledore turned to stare at the rift awaiting to see his most faithful of friends. If he could call him that. "I...he has already fallen, there is nothing we can do." her smile fell and she beckoned him towards her. "No, I will not give up, there has to be something I can do, anything." He moved trying to pull away but she was too strong and he felt her draw pull him towards his own afterlife. "Child, you cannot save everyone, you knew that, as did he." "It is still unfair, he should be the one to live his life, for once, just once, without being someone else's pawn." Tears had started to cascade down his withered cheeks. "Do you truly believe this?" She asked as she stopped pulling him towards his end. "Yes." "His life was almost fully lived, what more did he have?" "We always have time left to live our lives." Dumbledore cryptically responded. "I see." She turned to the rift allowing it to focus onto the bloodied and dead body of Severus Snape. "There is one thing I can do but...it will cost you." "Cost me what?" "Time, life, energy, you will cease to exist in your afterlife if you offer yourself up to give him another chance." "Anything." "As you wish." There was a bright glow, and then nothing, Dumbledore ceased to feel, to exist, to be. A small wail rang through the air where the old man once stood, the body of Severus was gone, only a blood stain remained. "We cannot create nor destroy, only alter." She smiled as she shh'd the baby. Creating a human visage for herself, she moved to earth and place the child down with a note where his body once was. "We all deserve a second chance." ~Break~ It was 11 years since the war, 11 years since McGonagall had found the baby where Severus's body had been, and the beginning of another school year. McGonagall has taken in the child, after reading the note that was undoubtedly signed by Dumbledore. She had St. Mungo's run tests to see if the child was truly Severus. When the tests returned it came up that the child she held, had his DNA and magic signature. With time, it became apparent the child was indeed Severus. The Ministry decided to keep it hush hush for his protection and privacy; so very few people were privy to the information and not obliviated. "Calm down woman, I am fine." He hissed as he blew off her fussy hands. "Oh hush, it's your first year of school, I never had children nor thought I would ever have to deal with this, so calm down and let me fuss over my 11 year old son." "I am not technically your son, and this is NOT my first year." He growled as he ducked away from her, his long black hair tickled at his shoulders as he grabbed his trunk with a huff. "This is a new start, I know you are not mentally 11, but try to make friends, try to have fun." She flicked away a tear at her eye as she straightened his school robes. "I don't know why you insist on making such a scene." he chastised as he tried to awkwardly struggle away. Sometimes she forgot he was not an 11 year old boy, but really an old man merely given another chance at his life. "Oh hush now, you weren't complaining about me treating you like a child when you were a baby." "I couldn't talk." He seethed irritated by the whole ordeal. Truthfully, while he was still Severus, still had the same memories and was still fundamentally the same person, he was still a child. He still got giddy over things 11 year olds did. He still cried when he hurt himself as a baby and sought out Minerva whenever he had a nightmare. His memories came back slowly as he and his cognitive function grew. Some days he was glad, others he was not. "Make friends, try to be nice, please?" She asked as she ushered him to the train. "I don't make friends, I don't even want or need to be here!" "Yes you do young man, you may still be the same grumpy old man, but you still need to go to school to get a decent job with this second life you were given." Hands on her she gave him a stern look. But she was right, with a sigh, Severus went onto the train to find a train car without anyone in it. There was hardly a thing he could do without an education and a trace on his person. ~Break~ Severus had been sitting on his own since the train started 10 minutes ago, well, that was until the door opened and a small freckled face poked in looking nervous. "What do you want." He ground out, but sadly, it came out high, irritated, and like a spoiled child. "I...I don't know anyone, or anything really...I need a place to sit so...can I?" "Fine just be quiet." He looked up and for a moment his heart stopped, the freckled face and green eyes reminded him of Lily, but soon, he realised she had far too many freckles it was annoying, her eyes were more of a golden green that it looked murky with brown spots in it, and her hair, her hair was a light brown. With a frown he glared at her. "Sit down or stand, I don't care, but close the door." "Oh, right, sorry, new to this, we don't normally do trains at home, except the skytrain that is, but it's hardly the same thing, oh bother!" She sighed as she sat down curling around herself against the window. Severus snorted. "My names Max, well Maxine actually, but Max sounds better so I go by Max, umm what is yours? Oh right, you introduce yourselves with a last name here right? ugh umm Max, Max Hunt." She stuck out her hand awkwardly. He noted her American accent and snorted, "So they are now allowing riff raff from the States here now?" She blinked, "Oh, no, well, I am from Canada actually, my family is from here though, so they figured because I have dual-citizenship I should be given a choice to come here, and I did, because I liked the Headmistress a lot, the one in Canada was very very...scary, and umm, I was reading my book to learn more about the magical world and it seemed like the best one..." She trailed off flushing a bright red from her fair and obviously irish skin. "Great, a Muggle-Born yank..." he groaned. "Ok one, not a yank, Canadian remember? I think that means I'm a Canuck, and two, uhh...Muggle...Muggle...non-magical folk right?" She inquired looking very curious. "You are hopeless." "And you still go unnamed." For a moment Severus didn't want to answer, but he remembered Minerva's words, and so he tried. "Severus." ~Break~ Standing in the great hall was overwhelming for Max, she had ended up following Severus everywhere since the train, sticking tight to his side. "Oh god...is that a hat?" She asked as her eyes grew wide as it spoke before shouting out a house name. "Yes, it's the sorting hat, try to keep up." He sneered, his long dark hair sticking uncomfortable to his thin face. "What house do you wanna be in?" "Does it really matter?" Severus growled as he was called up. After everything he didn't even care, almost every house held bad memories for him. Severus walked over to the stool and sat down allowing the hat to sit on his head. 'Hmm...you again, I know where to put you...wait, no, you seem different this time, changed...it is either Slytherin or...no...I know where to put you.' "Gryffindor!" The hat shouted as Severus's face paled as he walked