Everyone sat around the table at Grimmauld Place as the letters for the new marriage law arrived. The whole order was present to see who would be marrying who and Hermione hated this. They shouldn't be forced to marry anyone. She wasn't even sure she wanted to marry Ron someday and yet here they were and someone would have to marry her. Mrs Weasley informed everyone to open their letters and as they were doing so four separate howlers were delivered to Harry, Remus, Sirius and Hermione as everyone watched them in fascination. Two of the said howlers came with packages attached. "Okay than everyone please stop and you four may open your howlers one after the other. In a time like this secrets are not a good idea so everyone should hear what the ministry needs to say to you all" said Dumbledore looking at each of them in turn. Sirius who was deadly nervous went first his howler bursting to life as soon as he'd opened it. Dear Mr Sirius Orion Black, We here at the Ministry find ourselves at a loss as to how to explain this so we will simply out with it as the muggles would say. Many years ago the Ministry was wildly infected with a rat infestation and so we charmed the whole area to stun all rats and so the problem was resolved at once as all the stunned rats were simply disposed off. The spell was never removed just in case such a thing should happen again which it did. Earlier this week a rat was stunned upon entering the Ministry where it transformed back into a now stunned Peter Pettigrew. We cannot explain how he faked his death or at least we couldn't until he explained how he did it to everyone at the emergency wizengamot meeting which was called so fast that only those in the building were able to actually attend. He was fed veritas serum and essentially sung like a canary. We now know you were framed and although we may never make up for the last Minister's grave miscarriage of justice we can offer you an order of Merlin first class and a job as joint head of the DMLE department should you wish to accept such a position. Everyone now knows you were innocent all along as Pettigrew' statement was publicly shown to everyone who now knows the truth. Pettigrew' soul was fed to the dementors publicly in the Ministry atrium to show that although this marriage law exists we are a fair ministry. We also found out that he'd had an account at the bank under a different name all of which now reverts to you. As we were checking things out we also discovered that the late Walburga Black cast a spell on you to make you older. We don't know but suffice it to say that rather then being a thirty eight year old man you are now a thirty two year old man. In the attached package you will find a potion which will remove any and all spells upon your person which shouldn't be there. We wish you the best of luck with your marriage and congratulate you on being a free man at last. Signed MOM. He sat stunned as everyone around him clapped for joy Harry crying happily as he hugged him close tears streaming down his face. He took out the potion drinking it as his features all cleared up and his magical core was restored to his former full size before he'd been in jail. His hair became lighter in colour and just as shaggy as it had been when he was in school. Everyone turned next to Remus who proceeded to open his own howler. Dear Mr Remus John Lupin, We hope this letter finds you well. As you know you have been included in the Marriage Law of late and our laws for werewolves have changed and we wished for you to know about it as soon as we were ready to start telling people. The old Law as you know states that werewolves may not be hired under any circumstances however from our own investigation and secret undercover operation which has been underway for months now we have been able to capture Fenrir Greyback and we can say that from our interview of him our view of your kind has totally changed. He was able to tell us that most werewolves in this country exist because of him alone a fact he was quite proud to share. We have come to realise that the only real animal out there is him and his soul was fed to the dementors we are delighted to say because he has ruined so many lives. While we do admit he is right in what he says about most of his victims being innocent people and that you are all mainly harmless there is as always risks that must be taken into account. So the new law as it stands states that you may gain employment anywhere you may wish to do so as long as they will allow you one week off every month to change and recover before you are fit to work again. We feel that this is the fairest option but cannot be seen to be helping you so in terms of actually finding a job you are on your own for sure. Now when we went into our files on everyone we see that Fenrir Greyback altered everyone to make them appear older in age because he couldn't handle the idea of a pack member that was too young. Your file says you are thirty eight because he made it say that. You are in actuality thirty two years old. The package enclosed contains a potion which will provide you with a full core and general better appearance as you should have looked had he not intervened. We wish you well with your future spouse and hope she will be able to accept you for who you are without being too scared. Signed MOM. Everyone was shocked but clapped at the capture and sudden death of such a vial man. Remus cried tears of joy that his nightmare was finally over. Yes he'd always be a werewolf but at least Fenrir the man who'd ruined his life was now dead. He drank the potion and altered so he looked much younger with more muscle, fuller hair and no more scars. Everyone gasped at how handsome and young he now appeared. Stress was an awful ager and now it was more evident then ever that his constant worrying about Fenrir Greyback had also aged him relentlessly. The next howler was for Harry who opened it wondering what the ministry would want with him now. Dear Mr Harrison James Potter, It has come to the attention of us here at the Ministry that for reasons which only you know you should now be nineteen years old. We don't know why this has occurred just that it has been natural as our records show this to be the case. Quite frankly we don't care why it has happened but you are hereby forbidden from telling anyone about how this has happened as it could cause problems for all involved. We wish you well with the marriage law and for the rest of your life. Signed MOM. Everyone was surprised to hear that but they all agreed that if the ministry said it shouldn't be spoken about then it wouldn't be. Hermione went next opening her howler. Dear Ms Hermione Jean Granger, It has come to the attention of us here at the Ministry that for reasons which only you know you should now be twenty one years old. We don't know why this has occurred just that it has been natural as our records show this to be the case. Quite frankly we don't care why it has happened but you are hereby forbidden from telling anyone about how this has happened as it could cause problems for all involved. Our Unspeakables department assures us that everything is above board and so we have no reason to worry about you and why there has been a spike in your age. As people can be unnecessarily nosy we see no reason why anyone should demand this information from you as anyone worth anything will simply accept you as you are now. We wish you well with the marriage law and for the rest of your life. Signed MOM. People were very shocked at her age spike but said nothing as she was still the same only older and really in the grand scheme of things what did it matter anyway. "Everyone should go in pairs with opening their marriage letters. Hermione and Ginny you may go first please!" said Dumbledore from where he was seated at the head of the table. They both ripped into their letters charmed for their eyes only both fainting at once and shocking everyone present. Who had they gotten at all? Right now Dumbledore was very worried about their response. They were revived and everyone looked at them expectantly. They initially didn't seem to get it and had to be prompted. "Who did you both receive?" Molly asked as they both looked at each other nervously. "Well judging by your faces I can see we fainted or some such thing. I got Remus Lupin!" said Hermione smiling awkwardly as Ginny informed everyone she herself had gotten Sirius. "Um Hermione, Albus I haven't any home to live in at the moment. I do have bank savings but I need those to live on as I can't get employment what with being a werewolf in our world. I don't know what to do now" said Remus looking around awkwardly. "I have a home we can live in so don't worry about that. What people here will know is that I erased the memories of my parents during the war sending them to Australia not knowing anything about me for their safety. I knew it could never be reversed but I needed to save them. What people don't know is that I was left a cottage by my late grand aunt with whom I was so very close two years ago. I intended to live there but never got around to it!" said Hermione as everyone gasped at her revelation. "Where is this home located Miss Granger because I should go on ahead and check out if it would be a suitable home for you both!" he said as Hermione explained that it was located in Broadstairs, Kent. Dumbledore left at once using the key and address he'd been given to get there. He returned quickly shocking everyone. "I am afraid Miss Granger that there is no home there which I can see!" he said as she looked shocked. "But Professor I've been in it before now…..oh that's right I forgot. Hang on I'll need to come with you to unlock it. I have strong blood wards which will for the moment allow only me into the home. You can't enter it without me. Remus' blood will be added so he may come and go as he pleases. I have a sample here which I've just taken so I'll add you Remus to the wards just now. The rest of you will have no choice but to floo call or mail either of us if you need to get in touch!" she said smartly as Dumbledore smiled at that. She was so clever. They went to the home and she added Remus' blood to the wards so he could enter it freely. Dumbledore saw the home as it appeared to him entering it with her. He was surprised it was not as small as he had thought it would be. It was a long bungalow. They entered to find a hallway with a large living