Disclaimer: The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. A/N This was my entry for the Stranger Than Fiction contest that was cancelled. I worked really hard on it so I thought I would post it any way. Big, huge, massive thanks to my pre-reader chinchin. unicorn Thanks to the PTB betas Lulu M & Sweetishbubble . Any mistakes left are my own. I'd also like to clarify that the colours are all capitalised because they are Crayola Crayon names, it is explained in the story but just thought I'd point it out ^.^ in·vis·i·ble (ĭn-vĭz′ə-bəl) adjective Not easily noticed or detected; inconspicuous noun One that is invisible. That's me, Bella Swan, the wallflower, the quiet one, the unknown and the undesired. Invisible. At least I was, until he saw me. I grew up in Forks, Washington, a middle-of-nowhere one horse town with a population that wouldn't even fill a Walmart. And I still didn't have any friends. The amount of students in my year was so small that we were all in one class. Ten girls and fifteen boys. Not one of them even glanced in my direction. I wasn't even a victim of bullying. I was just simply ignored. Even the teachers kept their distance and barely glanced my way. But then there was my Daddy. He was my whole world and I was his. He always told me that from the moment I was born the world got a little brighter. Daddy would pinch my smiling little cheeks and tell me all the ways he loved me. And he really did. There's nothing he wouldn't do for me. If I wanted to play tea party he'd sit his butt down in one of my tiny Carnation Pink chairs and pretend to drink the not-really-there tea out of my plastic cups. And he always had time to color with me. We'd sit in my princess themed bedroom, me on my stomach and him leaning against my bed, for hours while he named all the colors of my Crayola Crayons. He'd say, "This one's Burnt Orange, baby girl. Wouldn't it look good for the flowers in your drawing?" I'd nod in excitement and reach for the brightly colored stick of wax with eager fingers. I'd do anything to see that smile curving under his bristly mustache. I remember playing in the park with him one sunny summer afternoon when I was five, and running to him as fast as my little legs would carry me. I wanted to show him the caterpillar I'd found, and in my excitement I didn't notice the averted eyes from the other kids or the dirty looks from their parents. When I was with Daddy I never felt invisible even if he was the only one who saw me. "Daddy ,Daddy! Look at this caterpillar I found. Isn't he funny lookin'?" His moustache twitched with amusement as he replied, "He sure is, princess. Can you tell me what color he is?" I furrowed my brow in concentration as I tried to think of the little bugs color name. "Inch Worm green!" I declared proudly. My Daddy's head tipped back and he squeezed his eyes shut against the blinding sun as big loud guffaws burst out from him. "Look at you remembering your crayon names." And he beamed down at me with love and adoration flashing in his Sea Green eyes. From that moment on we described every color using the Crayola names. A month after that wonderful day in the park, Daddy went and got himself shot in Seattle trying to protect his real family from an intruder. I watched the news report while my mom fucked the officer—one of daddy's colleagues—who came to tell us the bad news. I stared at the TV in puzzlement as Daddy's other family mourned a brave man who died to protect them. I watched as a lady called Victim's Wife who wasn't my Mom cry and sob hysterically while holding a little girl to her chest so, so tightly. I couldn't understand why they were so upset over my Daddy. And why was my Mom holding another man so, so tightly instead of me? Mom cleared that up for me quickly enough. She had stumbled out of her bedroom, a Razzmatazz pink satin robe haphazardly draped around her thoroughly used naked body. She wobbled on shaky legs, shuffling in place, until she was facing in the direction of the kitchen. Satisfied with her trajectory, she then staggered toward her goal confidently. The look of absolute shock that twisted her face when she tripped over my tiny little body would have been comical if the fact that she hadn't remembered that I was there wasn't so sad. Renee flung her arms out to catch herself on the coffee table, arms circling comically as she gasped in shock. Her shrieks were deafening as she yelled right in my face, "What have I told you about getting under peoples feet! Jesus, you could have fuckin' killed me!" She picked herself up and was turning back towards the kitchen when the TV must have caught her attention. Her eyes widened to the size of saucers, and her hands curled into claws. Through clenched teeth she angrily spat her words at me," What the fuck are you watching this shit for?" I opened my mouth to tell her that Victim's Wife was really upset about Daddy, but her hate filled stare and angry words had stopped me in my tracks. "That bitch is the reason your Daddy couldn't live with us. Well, she has another thing coming if she thinks I'll forget about the child support he owes me." I turned back to the TV, and all those sad faces, barely registering that she had stormed off to the kitchen looking for more alcohol. I stared in fascination as the mother cuddled the little girl so sweetly. They looked like good people to me, and maybe they could help me keep some part of my Daddy. I felt hope swell in my heart. Children can be so naive. I dialed the operator with shaky fingers and asked the bored sounding lady to connect me to my soon-to-be new family. Someone answered on the third ring; it was an angel I think. I took a deep breath and bravely explained who I was. Well, that's what I tried to do. I managed four words. "Hi. I'm Bella Swan—" Before the angel—of pain and suffering, I'm sure of it now—hung up. I've never called back. The pain of a stranger's rejection was, in some way, much more intense then the rejection of my own mother. Ah, my mother. As you can see, she used the time honored-tradition of alcoholism and whoring as a distraction from her crappy life and her unwanted daughter. Boohoo for her huh? The only female role model in my life spent sixty percent of her time on her back—or her knees—and the other forty percent in a dingy bar. And then there were the men. Shabby appearance, reeking of cheap booze and sex, and not one look was spared for me. Losers, all of them. That's how she met my Daddy. Turns out he wasn't as wonderful as I'd thought. To put it bluntly Mom was a hooker and Daddy was the dirty cop who promised not to press charges if she gave up her services to him for free. Guess Daddy should have worn a condom huh? As I got older the reason for my invisibility became clearer. I was being punished for my parent's un-holy actions. Some very lonely part of me wishes the judging people of Forks had at least graced me with dirty looks and snide comments behind my back instead of the ice cold shoulder I was given. I graduated without any fuss and left Forks for good. I headed south—because who would head north?—hoping to shed this skin of invisibility that was placed around me and finally find someone I could connect to. I hadn't realized that the invisibility would follow me. I've lived in Tahoe City, California, for the last four years and I still have not made one single friend. I took a job in an office a month after I got here, and I'm still in the same position. I'm the joke of the office. I'm a twenty-two year old office junior; the office manager is younger than I am. To avoid the crushing silence of being ignored during lunch, I take a walk. It's an unremarkable trail leading from the park across the road from my office. There's nothing much to differentiate it from any other trail in the area, but it's the one I have used every day for the last four years. I find comfort in its familiarity. I know each knob protruding from each tree that's dotted along the narrow dirt path. The twists and turns are second nature to me now, and I could walk this trail with my eyes closed. Wet foliage clings to my sneakers, and the smell of rotting nature wafts pass my nose. This is my place, my safe haven. Somewhere I can pretend I'm not ignored. And that's where I am now. Only something is different. I'm frozen in place as I stare at the Laser Lemon yellow sticky note stuck to the tree not one-hundred yards in front of me. I've been stuck staring at this intrusion for the last ten minutes. The shocking color coupled with the randomness of it being there has rendered me dumb. I don't even know what it says yet. My skin crawls as the feeling of being watched washes over me. I shift my eyes from left to right—the only movement I seem to be capable of—but I can see no one else. Another five minutes pass before I'm able to move forward. On shaky legs I slowly approach the note. Like a deer would come into a meadow, I'm cautious. With trepidation in my heart and hesitation shaking my fingers, I reach out and pluck the intrusion from the rough bark. It reads: I see you The shock of those words numbs my body and I drop the note. Not once in my lonely life have I ever heard, or read, those words. A small breeze picks up the flimsy square, the scent of cigarette smoke floats by me. The note is carried a few yards further down the trail and panic floods through me at the thought of losing it, so I throw myself on top of the note. I clutch it to my chest like it was a fragile, injured bird that needed my love, and I head back to the office. I spend the rest of the afternoon staring at the note. My heart pumps wildly in my chest, and a foreign feeling pulses from the bloody organ and radiates through my body. I've never felt anything like this. With sudden clarity I realize it's hope . Hope that I've finally shed this invisibility that's clung to my soul since birth. Hope that I can finally have a connection with another human being. Hope that I no longer have to be alone. My cheeks are starting to ache from the small smile curving my lips. It's been a long time since my face felt a smile, and the effort my muscles are putting in is slightly painful. I don't care. The pain is worth it. I fall asleep later that night with the note lovingly placed next to me so I can feel its realness even as I dream. ~I~ The next day at lunch, with my hope carefully placed in my pocket, I walk my trail again. Nerves flip and flop in my empty stomach as I near the fateful tree where I found yesterday's salvation. I gasp, the sound is loud on the deserted path, because there's another note. This time