Disclaimer: I own nothing but the plot line; the characters belong to Stephanie Meyer. A/N: This is for the Twilight Underestimated Characters Story Contest. Massive thanks to my beta cupcakeriot who made my writing so pretty and put up with my rambling. WARNING CONTAINS GRAPHIC SCENES OF A SEXUAL NATURE, SOME NON-CONSENSUAL. DO NOT READ IF THIS IS A TRIGGER FOR YOU. I'm racing towards the bridge, stumbling as the Enterprise is being fired upon, and the vibrations from the torpedo hitting the shields trembles through the starship. The red warning light is flashing to alert all crewmembers we're under attack, like no one had noticed , and the Captain's voice is echoing through the intercom requesting all commanding officers to the bridge. I was on the engineering deck when the enemy ship fired upon us - no warning or any request for communication, just straight to the attack. I reach the bridge, the elevator doors open and I stumble out towards the Captain. "Number One, what's the situation in Engineering? How long will the shields hold?" I give him my report and he curses - one more precision hit and we're sitting ducks. It's not good. He barks out orders to Lieutenant Commander La Forge, while requesting updates form Lieutenant Commander Data, and the Engineering deck, when the communications com-link bleeps with an incoming message. "On screen," the Captain commands as he situates himself in his chair. The computer complies and brings the image up for all to see and- It's my Mum , on screen, sitting in the enemy Captain's chair. My mouth drops open in shock and I take an involuntary step forward. Finding my voice, I question, "Mum?" Not my most articulate sentence but I think it conveys my shock and disbelief nicely. Her mouth opens as if to respond, but instead of words, there's this horrible, too familiar, ear-splitting beep, beep, beep. I blink my eyes open and for a second, I have no fucking clue as to where I am. A quick glance to my left, and I realize I'm in my room, in bed, and that noise is my alarm clock. I hit the snooze button and scrub a hand over my face, trying to shake that crazy dream. That's the last time I watch Star Trek: Next Generation reruns before bed. I'd spoken to Mum last night and that had prompted the marathon of Piccard; she'd been cleaning out my old room over the last couple of weeks and had found a load of my old stuff. She said she wouldn't throw them away, but she was running out of room, and she might have to send them to me – which was awesome, although I don't really have much room for them here to be honest. Every available surface of my flat has been dedicated to my "toys", as Mum likes to call them. They are collectables really, my biggest one being the Star Wars collection. I have an awesome Millennium Falcon model - it is the shit ! I'm a bit of a nerd, have been since I was a kid, but ever since University, where I filled out and chicks started to notice me, I've tried to down-play that side of me. Girls just don't find comics that sexy, which is why I never bring any of the girls I hook up with here. I'm certain that my 'I Believe X-Files' poster above my bed and the autographed picture of William Shatner on my bedside table would kill the mood quick. Stretching my arms above my head and, yawning so much I look like Nearly Headless Nick, I head to the bathroom and a much-needed shower. I turn the water on and strip out of my Sponge Bob pajama bottoms, starting brushing my teeth as the shower water heats. I peer at my reflection in the steamed up mirror and decide that I can probably get away with not shaving. I've got that day-old-stubble-look going on, but it's only Monday and I don't think anyone expects me to have completely recovered from my weekend yet. Getting in the shower, I tip my head forward under the water flow to wet my hair and think about the day ahead. Meetings and phone calls mostly – which is so boring but it pays the bills. I lather up my shower gel and scrub myself down from my blond hair to my feet, before rinsing off and stepping out in to the steam-filled bathroom. I love being a guy and not having to deal with a separate cleaner for my hair and body. After wrapping a towel around my waist, I bend over to pick up my pajamas but they aren't there. Strange. Maybe I already put them in the wash basket? Or maybe I'm losing my head? I need caffeine pronto! I walk back in to the bedroom, and a chilling breeze is whipping in through the open window, making my balls want to shrivel up and die. Jesus it's cold . I can't believe I fell asleep with the window open again . My heating bill is going to be insane. I close the window and finish getting dressed, because if I don't hurry I'm going be late for work, and I already hate Mondays enough without my boss bitching at me before lunchtime. I love living in Soho - it's close to some really great clubs and pubs, but the hour commute to London's financial district in Canary Wharf is a massive pain in the ass. I glance at the clock and sigh. I just want to get home – really, it's cruel to make a guy work until five on a Friday. As soon as I can shower, shave, and change, I can head to the pub and have a frosty cold one by six-thirty. Man, I love Fridays . But I hate my job. I work so I can make enough money to pay the rent, and then party all weekend with my boys. Hey, what can I say? I'm single, twenty-four years old, and I live in London. It's practically law that I party my weekend away. Like, last weekend, which was insane . I still have missing memories, though I do remember Jasper hooking up with some fat chick so I could get with her friend. Man, she was hot . A small little thing with killer curves, fiery curls, and a pouty mouth; she had the most innocent green eyes, but fuck me if her mouth wasn't the filthiest thing I've ever heard. And she hadn't made a big deal about it when we were done and I wanted to take off – it's so much easier when the chick understands that it's a one-time thing. Jasper didn't get it so easy. Poor bastard . I'd found him almost begging the chubby pixie for his shoes. He has the worst luck. Usually ends up with the crazy chick. Eventually, he gave up and let her keep them, then sulked all the way home like a little bitch. He may be my brother, but I swear, he's got PMS worse than any chick I've ever met. Damn. Will this day ever end? If I wasn't using my Mac to tell the time, I'd be up and checking the batteries in that damn clock – it's like the time has been stuck at a quarter 'til for an hour. I stand from my seat and send a sly look over the top of my cubicle toward the floor manager's office, hoping he'd left already so I could sneak away early. No such luck . He's still there. Caius seriously needs to get laid – he always works late, and is always the first to volunteer to work weekends. Dude needs to get his priorities straight . Maybe he could hook up with one of the admin girls at the Christmas party- Oh, fuck! The party! That's tonight. I groan in frustration. I'd totally forgotten, and now, instead of a fun-filled evening with sinfully hot women, I'll have to kiss ass with the boys upstairs. Like I don't spend enough time here during regular hours, now I have to spend my Friday night here, too? My day is officially ruined. I sink down in my chair and pout like a sullen child. Fuck, yeah, it's melodramatic, but damn , I had plans that involved massive amounts of vodka and scantily clad girls – and replacing those plans just to spend my free time with pretentious assholes and the fuckwits that work for them really fucks me off. Pull it together, Riley. You're starting to sound like a damn teenage girl. If you don't pull it together, your dick might just drop off. I take a deep breath and think rationally, big-boy pants firmly in place – really, it's just an office party, one night, and I can leave by eleven. I can still make it to the pub before all the hot chicks are gone. Great plan; get in good with the bosses, then get in good with the pub girls. Another glance at the clock tells me that it's only a few minutes until five, and that's good enough for me. I pack up my shit and move for the exit, keeping my head down so no one can engage me in any inane office-small-talk-bullshit-banter. I'll get plenty of that later. Speed walking to the elevator makes me feel like I'm Indiana Jones – like I'm running from spear-throwing locals, especially when, just as the elevator doors open, Caius comes out of his office. I send a quick thank you up to the big guy as the elevator closes before he can spot me. I may or may not hum the Indiana Jones theme tune under my breath as I jam my finger hard against the G button. I make it to the lobby without anyone joining me, and smile as I flag a taxi down. In the taxi, I text Jasper about my change of plans, dropping my head back onto the seat and closing my eyes when my fucknut brother doesn't text me back. I hope tonight doesn't drag as much as today did. I race from the bathroom, trying not to slip on the wet tiles, while simultaneously wrapping a towel around my waist and reaching for my ringing phone. Who says guys can't multi-task? It's Jasper. Fucking finally . I answer the phone, but don't even get a semi-polite greeting before he's ordering me about. "Turn on the news." "Hello to you, too, Asshat," I respond. "I know Mum taught you manners, so why don't we try to start off this conversation with, like, a greeting , and then go from there. Should we try again?" The sarcasm is thick in my tone, and this usually sets Jasper off – he'll go on a big rant. But today, he just tells me to shut up and, again, to turn on the news. He sounds worried, so I generously stop being an asshole, and actually turn on the television. The news anchor is twittering on about the economy and, yeah, while that actually is worrying, it's been this way for a while now. I'm not sure why Jasper is concerned now ; he didn't care last month. "Jasper, I'm busy man. Why am I watching the mousy brunette talk about the state of the Country? What's going on?" Before he can answer, the news anchor announces that it's time to get an update on the headlines, and right there on my television, a picture of a burning building flashes on screen. But not just any building - Victoria and Alice's . "That's where we were last weekend," Jasper tells me. "Dude. What the hell?" I turn up the television so I can hear the details. Apparently, the fire started on the 9th floor staircase – which was Victoria and Alice's floor – in