This idea came to me randomly, and in the spur of the moment I wrote it. Summary: Eons ago, the Primorials fought a war against an ancient race. Winning because of a traitor in their enemies' mist, they exterminated this race. At least, they thought so. But when Michael Varus's Alaskan expedition goes awry, it awakens someone who's been asleep for a long time. His name? Perseus. With a grudge against the gods, who killed everyone he knew, can he tell whose truly good? Disclaimer: I don't own PJO or HOO. Those belong to Riordan. I own this story idea. Prologue " A deep slumber" Michael Varus had dreamed of this day. The day when the fifth cohort completed the prophecy of seven. The day that New Rome would rejoice in his glory. But that day would never come. The ice under his feet shifted as more monsters came pouring out. A giant, a completely horrifying monster, had decimated his cohort. The proud legionaries of the fifth, reduced to about a dozen terrified kids. The dozen romans left were running away. Their cohort was ambushed, as they marched towards what some sources called a giants lair. They intended to kill the giant, and therefore wound Gaea and prevent her awakening. They never made it. With all of their supplies gone, the eagle standard taken, and troops all dead, the remaining few tried to escape. It was cowardly to leave those in combat behind, but their sacrifices would be remembered. "I can't see anything! Which way?" A legionary cried out from the front. Varus was at the end of the pack of Romans, the little honor he had left forcing him to protect the rear. "Straight! Towards those caves! We can escape through the other side!" Michael yelled in response. He added the escape part to give his soldiers some hope of escape. But he knew that it was all too likely that the cave was one way in and one way out. They'd be cornered, trapped, and killed. But it was their only chance. The Alaskan terrain was brutal, and in the winter storm visibility was gone. Shelter was what they needed, to recover their bearings and try to think of an escape plan. A loud roar from behind made the Romans move faster. The giant himself was chasing after them, and with him a horde of angry monsters. He knew they were coming, the minute they stepped foot in Alaska he knew. It was all too easy for him to just sit and wait, letting the powerful monsters roaming Alaska to follow the scent and attack in force. "Twenty meters!" The lead legionary shouted to Michael was the storm picked up. It felt like a combination of snow and hail, the balls of ice plunking off his armor. Michael had a heavy cut in his side from a hellhound, and barely kept his head after getting hit by a nasty cyclops. He was pretty sure he had a concussion, from the pounding headache. "I'm in!" The Romans all ran inside, trying to escape the harsh storm. The wind howled, taking away their voices as they panicked. "What do we do? We're gonna die aren't we?" A young girl said as she clutched her head. The others argued, trying to come up with a plan. "We can stand and fight! That opening is only wide enough for two, maybe three at a time!" A centurion said. Immediately he was shot down. "Then we'll grow too tired. If we had maybe another ten people we could because then we could rotate people in and out, but with only a dozen we'll last an hour at most." The legionary who led the group to the caves said. "Michael? What do you think?" An older man said. He was the oldest of the group, having served in the legion for over ten years and participating in quests. He probably could've run for praetor or retired, but hadn't. Michael looked around. Now that he fully examined the cave, he realized just how weird it was. The ice glowed. It was vibrant and illuminant, lighting the cave. Looking back, he saw that the cave continued as there was another opening. "I say we go deeper into the cave. Find out what's in here." The others looked at him, some with nervousness, some with trepidation, and some with fear. They were all worried, whether they showed it or not. "Come on. Let's go." The cave shook slightly, sending the Romans on a faster pace. The ice crystals glowed with a blue hue, making the cave seem supernatural. Michael had never seen anything like it. As they got to the end, the pathway became a single shoulder-width apart. Moving in a single file, Michael led them deeper into the unknown. The path was dark. The walls around them seemed to close in even more, squeezing them together. Michael was afraid stalactites would drop down and kill them. But they didn't. After some period of time, the cave finally opened up again. They entered an open cavern, with the ceiling easily twenty feet high. Their surroundings seemed to sparkle, as if happy that someone entered. "Whoa…..this is cool." The lead legionary said as he looked around. The others said nothing, as they were entranced by the beauty of the cave. Until a loud crash and roar sounded from the entrance. The Centurion looked worriedly at Michael as he took a few steps towards the path. Turning his head, her listened before turning back to Michael. "They're in the cave. I say we have two minutes before they discover where we went. Then they'll follow." Michael nodded before trying to look for any kind of exit. Seeing a hole on the right side, he gestured towards the girl from earlier. "Sarah, see if you can fit in there. I want to know what's on the other side." Sarah nodded, dropping her shield and sword before walking towards the hole. Grabbing the top, she dropped down and slid herself through. "Are you good?" Michael asked after a few moments. "Yes! It's fine. I got through with room to spare, so you all could probably fit. As for what's here…I think you should see for yourself." As he was about to respond, the sound of ice exploding drew his attention. The path they came from shook as something very large entered. Ice cracked on the ceiling as it was broken. "Liam." Michael said to the older legionary. Liam was already on it though, moving towards the path. "Got it. James, I need you with me. Alisha, Greg, Hans, come with us." Liam called to the Centurion and other legionaries. The said people all broke of back towards the pathway. "What about me?" The lead legionary asked as he moved to join his friends. Liam stopped him though. "Adam, stay with Michael. I need an experienced fighter with him, and you're one of them best." Adam nodded, before going back to rejoin Michael. That left Michael with Sarah, Adam, and four other legionaries. "Alright, get in there. One at a time. Make it quick." Michael ordered as the legionaries started going through the hole. Picking up Sarah's stuff, he glanced back at Liam one last time. "May Mars and Jupiter give you strength." "You as well." Liam responded before the sound of another angry roar bellowed, much closer than before. Michael entered the hole, pushing Sarah's stuff forward as he did so. Rising up, he realized that they were in a smaller version of the cavern they were just in. Except this one was different. The ice was glowing again, except it flashed. Its timing was rhythmic and consistent, similar to a heartbeat. Sarah and the others were staring at something a little ways up in the ice. Michael squinted as he walked closer, trying to see what it was. The dark silhouette was hard to identify. Suddenly, as Michael realized what it was, Sarah gasped. "Is that a person?" She asked as she ran up right in front of the ice. Michael had just seen the arms and legs, and realized that a guy was stuck in the ice. The random ice flashing was suddenly not so random at all. "We gotta get him out of there!" Sarah continued as she looked at the others desperately. The daughter of Apollo was upset when no one moved. "Brandon! You're a son of Vulcan, aren't you? Can't you tell how long this ice has been here?" She asked the boy. The son of Vulcan snapped out of his daze and approached the ice, before hitting his with his sword hilt. "Well?" Michael asked, now intrigued. The sounds of yelling could now be heard as the other legionaries battled monsters in the cavern. "I…I…I can't say. He could've been in there for centuries, hell even millennia! I'm no ice-ologist or whatever but this density and thickness it….well…" "Yes?" Michael asked impatiently. "He could predate ice age! I can't even tell. Usually the size of ice crystals and strength can tell you how long it's been frozen but everything here looked purposely shaped so I have no way of knowing." The son of Vulcan continued, ranting. "It's fine. Is there any way to free him?" "No. This ice is way too thick. We'd need-"He was cut off as a loud SMASH! Got their attention. Suddenly the ceiling started to crack as something forced its way through the ice. The crack shot across the ceiling and went right towards the frozen man, who was a good ten-feet high. The ice split and cracked before Michael heard a voice he dreaded. "Oh demi-gods, come out come out wherever you are!" Alcyoneus crooned. Turned back around, Michael saw that the ice around the man looked ready to shatter, the force Alcyoneus used to enter cavern breaking apart the cave. "Look out!" He shouted as the ceiling finally collapsed and the ice around the man broke with it. The romans dived out of the way as chunks of ice fell. A few seconds later, an armored figure dropped from the wall and smashed into the ground. "Shit! He's dead, there's no way he survived that fall." Sarah said as she ran towards the man. Adam snorted as he eyed the wall behind them warily, waiting for when the giant smashed through the wall and found them. "Yea, as if being stuck in ice for thousands of years didn't kill him. He must have one heck of an appetite." Sarah reached towards the neck, trying to pry it off to feel a pulse when the man suddenly grabbed her hand and pushed her back. She slid across the ice and towards the wall he dropped from, hitting it hard. "Hey, calm down!" The others immediately surrounded the man. He was covered from head-to-toe in silver armor, it giving off a godly light. His helmet was something Michael had never seen before, the design of the face looking like a phoenix. With the head forming around the nose and the wings rising up. There were two eye slits the each side of the head. Suddenly, the man started to speak. Except it was in a language Michael didn't recognize. "Uh, English?" Adam asked as he raised an eyebrow. The man raised an armored hand to his head and gripped it like he had a headache, continuing to speak. Michael eyed Adam before looking at the man, whose head was turned. " Do you speak Latin?" He asked. The man whipped around, as if in confusion, before he answered. " Latin? What is Latin?" " The language you're speaking." " Wait, how do I know this language? Ugh my head hurts…." The man sounded terribly confused and Michael felt bad for him. Being frozen for a super long time probably did that. "Switch to Latin." Michael ordered as he went back to the man. "Look, I know you're confused, but we are