Titan Here's an idea I've been tinkering with. Now we've all seen when Percy is a god or primordial, but I've never seen a story with him as a titan. This is my shot at it. But never fear; as Percy is always gonna be the same old Percy. Also, because this is a prologue, it'll jump around a bit. Update 4/2/2016: The first two chapters have been rewritten, so if you're new I hope you enjoy! If you're a returning reader, feel free to see what's changed. (Changes begin during ceremony). As I mature as a writer I dislike more and more my opening chapters, which is why I try to fix them as best as I can without a total overhaul. Disclaimer: I own only this fanfic idea. All characters belong to their respectful author, Mr. Riordan Prologue Years ago, an ancient race that was known as Primordials walked the Earth. They were the personifications of what became nature. The sky, the earth, the ocean, the sun. Many things were also Primordials. After that came the Titans. They were the children of the Primordials. They were led by Kronos, the Titan of time and other minor things. His sister Rhea became his wife after he killed his father. The other Titans formed a council of sorts. Hyperion, Krios, Iapetus, Koios, Kronos, Rhea, Oceanus, Mnemosyne, Tethys, Theia, Phoebe, Rhea, and Themis. Several other generations of Titans followed. The Titans ruled a golden age, and it was great. They thought they'd last forever. Or so it seemed. IOIOIOIOIOIOIOIOIOIOIOIOIOIOIOIOIOIOIOIOIOIOIOIOIOIOIOIOIOIOIOIOIOIOIOIOIOIOIOIOIOIOIOIOI Rhea had been having a normal day so far. She had walked around the palace, greeted friends, told stories, helped the workers, and watched nature grow. But then she received a message. "What does it say?" Krios asked her. He was one of the other ruling Titans in the golden age. She liked Krios; he was more merciful and easier to be around. It helped that he adopted a younger form like she did. Rhea unraveled the scroll and studied it. "It says for me to go to the great fields." Krios frowned. That's where Gaea was when she was last awake, which was when she had given birth to Kronos. She went back to his birthing place and slept. Or so they had assumed. "But why would she wish to talk to me? I wasn't exactly close with my mother." Rhea sat down on a tree stump. Krios shrugged. "Who knows? But you won't find out sitting here. Go on." He gestured in the direction of the great field. Rhea rolled her eyes. She stood up, brushed the dirt off her dress, and teleported to the great field. She usually would walk but Gaea was waiting and she didn't want to anger her mother. "Mother? Are you here?" Rhea asked out loud as she walked among the flowers of the great field. It was called that because it was the largest field on the planet, and it was the most beautiful. The grass was a vibrant green and flowers grew everywhere. Trees grew large and tall and were very strong. Rhea felt like she grew younger breathing in the fresh air. "Yes, Rhea, I am." A voice sounded. Rhea turned to meet a woman who looked a bit older than she did. Except Gaea wore a brown and green dress, not the white one Rhea wore. Gaea had pale skin with a green tint, choosing a different form than usually. "Why am I here? Has something happened?" Gaea's brown eyes bored into Rhea's eyes. "Yes, something has happened." The sound of a baby crying was suddenly heard, and that's when Rhea noticed the little baby in Gaea's arms. He was in a straw basket with blankets covering his entire body, except for the face. "He's adorable!" Rhea cooed as she approached Gaea and caressed the baby's face. "He's my son, your new brother." Gaea told her. Rhea's eyes widened. "I thought Kronos was the last one?" "He was….with Uranus. This child is mine and Pontus's son." Rhea looked even more surprised at Pontus's name. Why would her mother and Pontus be together? "Pontus? Why?" "Because, he helped care for me after Uranus was destroyed. I know he was evil but I loved him. Then I loved Pontus." Rhea was still a bit surprised but held the baby in her arms. He had tan skin and beautiful green eyes, with messy jet-black hair. But something was off. Gaea wouldn't just love another primordial. That's not how it worked...She needed to watch the child. But Rhea just smiled at her mother, ignoring the weird feeling. "He's gonna be a heart-breaker." Rhea told Gaea who just rolled her eyes, making Rhea grin. Looks like she got that trait from her mother. Gaea took the baby back from Rhea, gently putting him into the basket. "His name is Perseus." LINEBREAKLINEBREAKCANIGETALINEBREAKYESIKNOWTHISCANBEANNOYINGBUTHOLDONILLFUDGE One Century Later….. "Calm down Perseus, everything will be fine." The young Titan was nervously pacing the room. They were in Kronos' palace and Perseus was about to learn his domains. It made him nervous, but nothing could calm him down. Krios was with Perseus, trying to help ease his nerves. Over the years they had become best friends. Krios was amazed at how he's grown. Right from the start he was clearly powerful, more than the others. But just a century later and Perseus was showing signs of his future greatness. He only grew stronger as he got older. It made Krios proud, as he helped train him. He knew what Perseus was and could become capable of. His other siblings, the council members, also liked Perseus. Kronos and Perseus had quite the bond as well. "Look, I felt the same way too. But nothing can go wrong. You're powerful, smart, and well-liked. Remember that your brother is king! So you shouldn't be worried." Perseus smiled nervously at Krios. He trusted him, but his brother told him that this day would affect the rest of his immortal life, for eternity. That's a long time. "Thanks for trying." "No problem." There was a knock at the door, making Perseus jump. Krios sighed as he said 'come in'. "They're ready for you, my lord." The servant said, his head bowed in respect. Perseus [frowned. "Raise your head." The servant did that, looking a bit fearful. Perseus frowned. He didn't like scaring people, or people bowing. It made him feel….well not good. It's not like Perseus has done anything to earn all the respect. He's still practically a baby compared to the others. "Don't bow. I don't need people to grovel at my feet. Next time you see me, just a friendly 'hi' will do." The servant's eyes widened as he nodded, before he quickly left the room. Krios sighed again at Perseus's actions. It was so cliché of him. "Do you always have to do that?" "Yes. I don't like the mortals being scared of me or bowing to me. I've done nothing to earn that respect. Besides, it gives me the feeling of being above them. Right now I'm not." Perseus just wanted to be normal sometimes. He hated being center of attention. Krios chuckled a little at his antics before becoming serious. "It's time to go." Perseus gulped and followed his friend out of his room. They passed by a garden where a few female servants were planting flowers. The girls were young, maybe a bit older than a decade in mortal years, and were very pretty. They stood up and bowed to Krios, who nodded his head to them before moving on. When they went to bow to Perseus, they both blushed a bit before bowing. Almost every girl liked him, so by now he got used to it. But he still hated the bowing. "Don't bow anymore to me, please. I hate when people bow. Just say hello instead." He told them. They nodded quickly before getting back to their task, sneaking glances at him. Krios rolled his eyes at Perseus. It's literally the same remark every time. So unoriginal. Perseus just walked on, trying to avoid the looks the servants and people who lived there were giving him. They all knew he was getting his domains, and were just as curious. Krios was waiting at huge golden doors, with the image of a scythe on it. "Are you ready?" "More than I'll ever be." Perseus responded. Krios nodded before opening the doors. Inside was the Titan's throne room. He saw the council all on their seats. His brother was in the middle, while his other half-siblings were nearest by. The younger generations were also present, standing by either their parents or patrons. He saw Perses, one of the four Titans who trained him, and gave him a nod. Perses grinned in response. He saw Tethys smiling happily at him. She was like his surrogate mother, along with Rhea. Since Gaea went back to sleep, or partial sleep, he needed a parent of sorts. Both women took on that role. And lastly, there was Prometheus. He was his teacher. Prometheus taught him all about the world, the other Titans, his parents, and basically everything. Perseus had taken kindly to the second generation, but was shook out of his thoughts as his brother spoke. "Perseus, son of Gaea and Pontus, do you swear on our mothers name and Chaos that you will uphold our way of life and rule?" "I do." Perseus then listened as Kronos went on and on, asking if he'd defend them from all kinds of enemies. Perseus finally tuned back in when Kronos finished. "So brother, do you swear to all that I've said and to become a Titan?" Perseus nodded. Kronos smiled before raising his hands. The rest of the council raised their hands and beams of light shot from them. They all hit Perseus at one time. When the light faded, Perseus looked twenty years old, instead of the teenage form he occupied. He had a set of battle armor on and his eyes looked brighter. Some blue was now in them with white. He also looked even better looking if possible. "So….does everyone usually get stared at like they have three heads?" Perseus broke the silence. Krios was the first to react. He had gotten on his throne during the initiation and was watching the others reactions. "No, but Perseus….turn around." Perseus got confused, before he turned around. Standing behind him was….him. But there was 4 copies of him. One was red, one was light blue, one was green, one white, and one was gold. The copies weren't moving, in fact, they weren't even solid. Perseus could see right through them. The room darkened and all at once they slammed into Perseus, infusing him with immense power. Power he had never felt before. The feeling became so great that Perseus fell straight on his butt, unable to stand for a brief moment. Then the feeling was gone. "Well that was new!" Perses commented, as Perseus turned to face the council. Kronos, who was looking at Perseus thoughtfully, nodded. "Yes. Yes it appears so." He muttered, before standing up out of his throne. "All hail Perseus, Titan of Combat, Creation, Creativity, and Strategy." The council watched him change. Perseus's eyes turned from green to an almost ice blue color, before settling on a turquoise color. He grew a bit taller and broader, with a calculative look entering his face. Most of the titans just stared at him in amusement, sensing his excitement. Your fate has been sealed. The voice whispered in Perseus's mind. Looking around, he didn't see the culprit, as the council of Titans and other witnesses to his ceremony filed out. Over here. The voice, which Perseus now identified as female, spoke again. A strange pull made him look to the back of the room, where he briefly saw a tall women before she vanished through the wall. Footsteps caught his attention, and he turned