Disclaimer - Stephanie Meyers owns all things Twilight, I'm just using it to flex my writing skills. This is my first fanfiction so please bare with me. Beta'd by the fabulous MalloryKnoxx "A wrong decision is better than indecision." Tony Soprano Isabella's POV Rochester Lakes was a quiet little town that was nestled just close enough to be an easy commute to the city but far enough away to be a safe distance. It was a place to raise a family. It was a town dripping in money and diamonds. It was a town with hardworking men, socialite women, and model children. The town's landscape was sprawling and tended to perfection just like it's people. This is where I was raised but, Valmont Prep is where I really grew up. Valmont Prep was the private high school to go to. It was the place for the wealthiest, most privileged kids. I was not one of them; however, I was there on a nice scholarship. My father was the Chief of Police and had pulled some strings to get his daughter a quality education. If he knew what kind of education I would get, I bet I would have been at the public school down the block. I started Valmont Prep my junior year. It's was the beginning of September, right after Labor Day. The air had a slight crisp feel to it, and I was wishing I had worn a sweater like my mother had advised. I paused walking across the school's lawn and looked up at the large cathedrals of the building. I wasn't sure how I was going to fit in. These kids had been raised with silver spoons in their mouths, while I shopped at regular department stores and didn't always get a vacation every summer. My mother typically spent money faster than my father could earn it. She was a homemaker, a wannabe socialite. I took a deep breath and started forward praying I wouldn't get lost today. As the first warning bell rang kids were scrambling everywhere when a tall dark haired guy bumped into me knocking my books onto the floor just as I stepped into the hallway. Jerk. "I'm sorry dollface." He said picking my books up and handing them to me in a nice pile. I looked up into his black eyes and my breath caught. He was gorgeous. Maybe 6'2? Jet black hair, jet black eyes, chiseled jawline. Maybe not a jerk, after all he had apologized. "No problem." I smiled at him. Just then a little pixie of a girl popped up beside him. She had the same color hair as the gorgeous quasi jerk, almost to her ass. I don't know how short she was but those towering stilettos she has on contributed to most of her height. "Aro, you don't own the hallways, watch out for the other kids!" she scolded him turning to me smiling. "Hi, I'm Mary Alice Luciano." "Hey. I'm Isabella." I said returning her smile. "Ignore my brother, he doesn't pay attention to anything but himself." She rolled her eyes then turned back to the hunky jerk. "Possiedo questi corridoi bella." (I do own these hallways beautiful.) Aro says leaning in close to my face. Italian sounded sexy rolling off his tongue, and I only wished I knew what he said. "Vieni e lasciarla essere. abbiamo un giorno occupato Aro." (Come on and let her be. We have a busy day Aro.) Mary Alice said to him before turning back to me. "It was nice meeting you Isabella. Maybe I'll see you around." She grabbed her brother's arm and danced off down the hallway. I would die if I tried that in those deathtraps she calls shoes. I was still curious about what they said as the second bell startled me out of my mind funk. Oh well, on with my day. My morning classes flew by faster than I expected. When lunch rolled around I felt the familiar butterflies in my stomach as I realized I knew no one and had nobody to sit with. I've usually stuck to myself anyway, but I did have friends to sit with at lunch. Even if they weren't real friends. I glanced around the crowded cafeteria looking for an empty table, only for there not to be one. Just my luck. I groaned inwardly as I caught movement out of the corner of my eye. The raven haired pixie was waving and smiling from the far corner of the cafeteria. I felt myself relax just the slightest. She probably just felt sorry because her brother plowed me over this morning, "Ciao Amico." (Hey friend.) Mary Alice greets me. "Hey." I say looking around the table noticing all the other faces. There is a warm faced girl with dark brown hair chock full of caramel blond highlights sitting there with a smile, a statuesque blond bombshell staring at her nails like she was bored, a very large dark haired muscular guy, and a huge native boy throwing some food back. Out of the corner of my eye I see Aro speaking to a tall Greek god with a mess of copper colored locks in the corner. "I shouldn't be rude. Isabella, this is Esme Cullen, Rosalie Leone, Santiago Santoro, and Jacob Black. Everyone this is Isabella, let's make her feel welcomed." Alice made introductions. "Hello Isabella. How are you liking Valmont so far?" Esme asked with another warm smile while Rosalie didn't even look up to acknowledge me. Santiago nodded his head and Jacob smiled and waved not really bothering to stop eating. "It's nice. It's actually Bella." I responded. I smiled behind it hoping not to come across bitchy. "Non abbastanza buono. We'll call you Isabella." (Not good enough) Mary Alice corrected me. I wasn't going to argue. I wasn't a confrontational person. "Why do you guys keep speaking in Italian?" I asked. "In our families it's required." Mary Alice said as everyone else at the table laughed. It was a joke I didn't get. "So what brings you to Valmont junior year?" Rosalie asks speaking to me for the first time. "I'm on scholarship. My parents thought it would be good for me. Higher education and all." I answered her while picking at the edge of my napkin. I shouldn't let her intimidate me but damn she was intimidating. "Hmmph." was all she said. "I think it's great your parents want what's best for you. Some parents don't care at all." Esme tries breaking the tension. "Jacob is on scholarship also." Jacob looks up again at the mention of his name. He is huge but he has a baby face. Still a nice looking kid. Santiago is good looking too over there texting on his phone. The guys are like Gods and their girls put gorgeous to shame at this school. I didn't think I would ever fit in. I spent the rest of lunch nibbling on my food and listening to the girls gossip about fashion and other students. Before I knew it the bell was ringing and I was gathering my stuff to head off to class. As everyone started walking away Mary Alice grabbed my arm. "It has to be overwhelming coming to a school like this not knowing anyone. If you need anything don't hesitate to call me." She said handing me a piece of paper with her number on it, "Thanks." I blushed, "I'm glad I met you today. I didn't know what to expect from this place." "No problem. Besides I love makeovers." She said with a mysterious smile as she danced away. As I was walking away I noticed Aro and the copper haired sex god still in the corner. The sex god was upset and Aro was trying to calm him. The sex god calmed his composure as soon as he noticed me looking at him. He spoke a few words and then was out the door next to the kitchen. Aro turned and looked at me, He smirked and started my way. "Ciao Bella!" (Hello Beautiful.) he says when he reaches me. "Let me walk you to class." Aro walks me to class making small talk and smiling the whole time. I joked back and we discuss the school mostly. He did mention he thought I would fit in with his sister's circle nicely. He left me at the door to my American History class with a wave and was off disappearing into the crowded hallway. He was definitely charming but the crazy haired sex god was still lingering in my thoughts. Over the next couple of weeks I sat with Mary Alice and the others at lunch with one exception, the crazy copper haired sex god wasn't seen again. Everyone talked and cut up. I got to know everyone a littler bit better, aside from Rosalie. Alice was a social butterfly, Esme was kindhearted, Jacob was a cut-up, Santiago a car freak, Aro a flirt. My father was happy that I was happy. My mother was ecstatic and wondered when I would start having friends over. Life was beginning to look up at Valmont. Friday afternoon right before last period, Mary Alice asked me to stay over for the night. "I'll have to ask my parents but I'm sure it'll be fine." I told her shutting my locker. "Fabulous. Come over around six?" "Um, I don't have a car..." I explained to her. I knew my father would be out and my mother would be too drunk to drive. "I'll pick you up then." She said her smile never faltering as if to reassure me she didn't look down on me for it. At 5:40 a bright yellow Lamborghini pulled up in the driveway with the pixie dancing her way up to the front door. My mother answered the door with a cocktail in hand. Alice smiled at her. "Hello, you must be Mrs. Swam. I'm Mary Alice. I'm here to pick up Isabella." My mother looked slightly confused since I hadn't said anything to her yet, "Come in dear, would you like a drink?" my mother said putting on a smile while eyeing her car. "Yes ma'am. That sounds great. Hey Isabella." "Hi. Mom, I meant to ask earlier if I could stay the night with her." I spoke walking down the stairs. I held on to the banister, as clumsiness had been my best friend all my life. "That would be wonderful." she beamed glad to see I had made a friend after all. "Great. Do you need help packing?" Mary Alice said taking a glass of lemonade from my mother and brushing past me on the stairs. I turned and followed. "We need to take you shopping." she said as she browsed through my wardrobe, or lack thereof. "I know my clothes aren't up to your standards, but I don't have the money you do." I told her grabbing a bag from under my bed. "That won't be a problem. I have plenty to go around." "I'm not taking your money." I told her firmly. I wasn't into charity. Especially when I wasn't in need. My clothes didn't have to be designer label. I was standing there throwing clothes into a bag wearing blue jeans, chucks, and a deep blue v- neck tee. Mary Alice on the other hand had on dark wash skinny jeans and a burgundy colored cashmere sweater with sky- high heel black boots. Her hair was as perfect as it was this morning. Make up perfect, nails polished, dripping in jewelry. I looked down at my own chipped, chewed nails suddenly feeling very self -conscious. "Trust me, not a problem at all. Besides my mother spends so much money, the boutiques are very good to me and my friends." She said turning back towards me smiling. "Let's go girl! We have a fun night ahead!" After thanking my mother again for the drink and giving her contact information