Author note this is my first attempt at a story bear with me it will get better I'm always open to ideas "Haarrryyyy! Hurry up! We're going to be late!" Harry Potter groans as he stretches. "I'm almost ready, Mom!" he yells down the stairs as he does a final check of his room. Harry sighs looking around the room that had housed him for the last fourteen years of his life. He can't believe they're actually leaving. "You're going to miss it, aren't you, son" says Sirius Black. Harry turns around. Seeing his dad, he gives him a half-hearted smile. "Yeah, I will, but I'm also looking forward to the move as well. I mean, the stories you tell me about Hogwarts…it should be a blast." Sirius chuckles softly. "You better hope you don't have as much fun as me and your father, or your mom will kill us both." "Aw, don't worry Dad. I'll make sure they address all the reports to you." Harry teases, causing them both to start laughing. They both stop, still grinning as they hear footsteps coming up the stairs. "What are you two up to? I come up here to make sure you're ready and all I hear is laughter." Lily Black says as she leans in, giving her husband a peck on the cheek. "Nothing, Mom, just talking about the move. What I'll like and what I'll miss. I'm ready to go now though, sorry for keeping you waiting." Harry says, giving his mom a smile. Lily smiled back "I know it's a tremendous change, but it's important. Now hurry up you two, the portkey is ready." They all walked down the stairs into the empty living room and gathered around the old, deflated football lying there. Lily picks it up and holds it out. "Okay. Are you both ready?" Lily asks. Harry takes one last look around, smiling. "Goodbye, America. England here I come." He whispers, before nodding to his mom. "Okay, on three. One…two…three." The portkey deposits them at a gate made of a shiny, silver metal. "Welcome to Black Manor, Harry." Sirius says. Harry smirks. He couldn't see the manor due to the wards. He looks over at his dad. "What manor? All I can see is a gate and trees. Is your mind going already, pops?" Lily couldn't stop a giggle from escaping her mouth as she watched Sirius' parenting style coming back to haunt him. "Just remember where he gets his attitude from." Giggling again, Lily places her hand on the gate, opening it. "Come on, you two, and Harry you knew the wards wouldn't let us go directly in until your dad changed them." Sirius just shakes his head at his son. "Maybe I shouldn't change them. A little walk might cure him of being a smartass." Lily snorts. "Oh, I doubt it. He's way too much like his dad and father." Sirius chuckles and leads the way down the cobblestone road to the manor. Harry looks around and can't help but admire the view. They were walking down an oak tree bordered path on a thin cobblestone road. Soon enough, the trees gave way to lush, green grass. Sitting in the middle of that grass was a beautiful black stone manor house. "Wow," Harry says, at a loss for words. "It's beautiful, Sirius." says Lily as she takes in the grey stone arches that lead into the courtyard. Harry looks closer at the arches as they get closer, and notices that the decorations etched into the stone are actually runes. "Dad, why are there runes in the stones?" Sirius looks over at his son and the arch. "It's part of the wards. That way, the runes don't need to draw power unless they have to." Sirius looks around slowly taking in the manor. Yes, it is beautiful. He thinks to himself. He takes in the tall, black stone walls with its grey balconies overlooking the courtyard. In the center of the courtyard was a bubbling hippogriff fountain of clear, blue water coming out of the black beak. "Well, Harry this is our new home. What do you think?" Lily asks, watching her son with apprehension. Harry turns towards his mother, smiling "I love it, Mom." Harry turns his gaze to his dad. "Hey, dad, didn't you say there was a pitch? Where is it?" Sirius looks at him chuckling softly, strangely not surprised. "It's out back, son. Let's eat and put our stuff away, then we can go see it." Almost immediately after he spoke, three loud pops made them all jump. "Master Sirius, Mistress Lily, Young Master Harry! I bes Tinki." says a short house elf. Behind her stood two other elves, bowing low. "There you are Tinki, and you two must be Creed and Bill am I correct." asks Sirius. The two elves bow lower. "Yes, Master." They say in unison. The one on the right stood up. "Hello, Master. I is Bill." The elf on the left also stood. "I is Creed. Can wes take your bags to your rooms, sirs?" Sirius nods. "Yes. Tinki will you take care of mine and Lily's bags while Bill takes Harry's. " The female elf nods several times and bows. "Yes, Master." Tinki and Creed pop off with their bags. Bill bows low, wringing his hands together, ears flopping forward in misery. "Bill is sorry, Master, but Master Harry has no room." Sirius just smiles "Bill, put him in the top back room. I think he'll love it." "Yes, Master." Bill replies as he pops off with Harrys bags. Sirius turns to his family. "Shall we go eat breakfast?" They follow him through a wide foyer with ornate wrought iron stairs spiraling up to the next floor into a plush den, they took a left into a beautiful dining room. POP A short, male elf in a lopsided chef's hat appeared. "Hello. What can wes serve you today?" Sirius barely looked at the elf, dropping loosely into the chair at the head of the table. "Eggs and sausage, please. Coffee, black." Lily gives the elf a once over as she sat. "Hello. Your name is?" she asks after a glare at her husband. The elf became frantic, bowing repeatedly in Lily's direction. "Oh, I is sorry, Mistress! I is Ramsey." "I would like the same please, Ramsey, with cream and sugar in my coffee." The elf turns his attention to Harry, still wringing his hands. "Eggs, bacon, and toast with sweet tea, Ramsey." Ramsey bows low. "Of course." The little elf disappeared with a POP . Sirius turns towards Harry eyeing him. "So, do you want to tour the house or see the pitch first?" Lily can't contain her smirk. "As if you even have to ask, honey. I'm surprised he hasn't snuck away yet." Harry looks at his mom with mock-horror on his face. "Mom, who do you think I am? Would I ever-" "YES!" Sirius and Lily say at the same time, causing them all to laugh. POP "I has your meals sirs and ma'am." Ramsey announces as their trays float to them. "Will there be anything else Ramsey can dos for you?" "Yes," says Sirius, "I plan on hosting a ball to invite some of the families over so that our arrival is well received." Ramsey bows low. "Of course, master Black when would you like this to occur?" "Two weeks from Saturday. We will handle the preparations, you just handle the dinner and cleaning." "Yes, Master Black. What shall wes cook for you?" "No. I will leave that to your discretion, Ramsey, I'm sure you will please." Ramsey bows low. "Thank you, Master. Wes will do our bests." The chef disappears with a 'pop' to plan for the dinner. Ramsey's departure leaves Lily to look at her husband, confused. "A ball, Sirius? You hate them, why host one now?" "Yeah, dad, why a ball so suddenly?" asks Harry observing his stepfather closely. Sirius shrugs. "I figure it will get out sooner or later that we're back in England. So, for the time being, I think it's a better move to have it announced on our terms, rather than someone else's, someone who may have an agenda." "As if you don't have an agenda, Lord Black." Lily counters, smirking at her husband. "Well, now that you mention it, I haven't properly showed you our bedroom yet." Lily can't help but roll her eyes at her husband as she waits for him to continue. "Well," says a grinning Sirius, "I do have a few tricks up my sleeve. It's about time England remembered what the Ancient and Most Noble House of Black is capable of." Lily groans at that thought. "Oh no, everyone run." Sirius just smiles and looks to Harry, watching the teen shove the last of his bacon into his mouth. "Now, let's go see the pitch." Many miles away, a large jovial man sits reading a book. Cyrus Greengrass looks up from the book he's reading after hearing the door to his study open. In stepped a rather sheepish looking house elf. "Master has a very important letter sir. Chiby bring it right away she sorry to interrupt Masters relaxation." The elf quickly brings Cyrus a parchment envelope bowing low she retreats out of the room leaving the door cracked. Looking at the parchment envelope he sees Lord Cyrus Greengrass written in emerald green ink. Just as he was about to open it he hears a voice from behind him. "Who's that from, Father?" asks a pretty girl with ice blue eyes, her long, wavy, blonde hair hanging over one shoulder. Cyrus looks at his oldest daughter, and heir, Daphne before giving her a smile and waving her over. "I'm not sure sweetheart let's find out together." They both gather around the desk as he unfurls the letter. The Ancient and Most Noble House of Black The Ancient and Most Noble House of Black, does herby invite you to attend a Summer Ball at Black Manor. The ball will be formal and will be held on July the 1st at 6pm. There will be dinner with dance to follow. Your attendance would be much appreciated, so you may join us in celebrating our return to England as friends and allies of the Most Noble House. Please R.S.V.P. by June the 15th. Yours Truly, Lady Lily Black Lord Greengrass looks up from the letter in shock. Lady Lily Black as in Lily Potter ? he thinksto himself . No, it couldn't be…could it? Daphne recovers from her shock at this news quickly, and looks over at her father. "Father, would you like to draft the reply, or should I?" There is no way her father could say no to such an invitation, not to one of the Noble and Ancient Houses, but he appears to still be in shock. Barely hearing what his daughter says to him, he nods. "Huh, oh yes. Right, yes, please respond for me, honey. I need to go and get some air." Daphne quickly got a self-inking quill and the finest parchment she could find. She then begins the return letter. Dear Lady Black On behalf of The Ancient and Most Noble House of Greengrass, we sincerely accept your invitation to your ball. With humble thanks for inviting our family. It is good to see your family return to England as you have been sorely missed, and we will be pleased to celebrate your return. We look forward to seeing you and your family at the ball. Lord Cyrus Greengrass and Family "There that should do nicely," mumbles Daphne as she presses the wax seal and returns the letter to Chiby ordering her to send it right away. "Have you finished our reply dear" asks her father from behind her. "Yes, Father, but now we must get something proper to wear." Cyrus Greengrass can't help but smile as he sees the ice in his daughter melt