Cashmere and Gloss were as beautiful as they were arrogant, and as deadly as they were corrupt. Their skin was painted with glitter daily, all the way up to the line of their sharp collarbones. Gold and silver twined up their necks to rest just underneath their perfect jawlines like the ropes of a noose. They were glamor and wealth, precious and desirable. It was easy to get caught up in the lifestyle Panem depicted and forget what Snow forced upon them. They were classic Victors. They were classically gorgeous people. They were murderers and unwilling prostitutes and siblings that loved each other beyond everything. It was raining in the 63rd Hunger Games. It was raining so heavily for twenty-three hours a day that it soaked tributes to the bone, scared away all prey, and wilted plants. The twenty-fourth hour was dry, in the dead of night, and that was when tributes were forced to venture out or starve. It was dubbed the Killing Hour of the 63rd Games. Gloss was a hunter, jaw set, scavenging for food and killing anyone in his path. Blood soaked into the wet soil, making his hands and shoes slippery. He couldn't afford to not go home; he couldn't afford to lose. He had a family, he had Cashmere, he had to survive. It was pure human instinct that drove him-to find food, to fight, to live . Gloss came back to District One with hollow eyes and cheekbones, hands curled into fists, and a wide smile that looked strange to Cashmere, who didn't understand why he kept disappearing and going back to the Capitol. She did know, however, that she was determined to live up to his legacy, to be as good or even better than him. She wanted to prove herself. She had to prove herself. Cashmere's sharpest memory of the Reaping Day of the 64th Hunger Games was Gloss's face on the train when she was alone in her room with him. Suddenly, he felt closer to her than he'd been all year-more real . She felt his tiredness and the strain on his face in her own bones. She saw how his smile had disappeared. "I'm going to win," she had said with certainty. He'd clenched his jaw and said, "You better. You have to. I can't believe you Volunteered." "I wanted to win. I'm going to win. I'm just as good as you and even more capable of winning, excuse you." "That's not what I meant," Gloss said, all composure and sincerity. "I just-you're my sister." She felt his protection and at the time, she thought she'd understood it. Now, she knew she had only understood a fraction of his worry. Cashmere's own Games consisted of a ruined Capitol city. Something gorgeous and corrupted-tall glass buildings with broken windows, battered houses painted in rainbow colours, and twisted structures of shiny metal that had once been something fascinatingly eccentric. It was like a dangerous playground and Cashmere was the ringleader. She was ruthless and the Games were more horrifying, more scarring than she'd thought. In the safety of the Capitol, Gloss alternated between pleasuring clients, feeling like he was a marionette or actor, and watching the Hunger Games. After all, Cashmere was his tribute. God, she was his sister . All Gloss could think was please be alive when he walked into the viewing room to watch and then, please stay alive when he saw she was and fuck you, Snow, you fucking absolute bastard whenever he was out with a client, in the limo for an event, watching the Games. Snow hung over him like a ghost, like the people he'd killed in his Hunger Games, like the feel of a body that didn't even seem like his own anymore. Cashmere won and was bleeding heavily and barely conscious when she arrived back. She was taken to get patched up and the moment she woke, Gloss came striding in. She reached over, held his hand, said, "I understand. I love you." And he thought, no, you don't understand, I'll make sure that you will never understand , and said, "I love you too. I'm proud of you." For living, for surviving . That was the same thing Cashmere had said to Gloss a week after he came home to District One, sprawled on his ridiculously huge bed in Victor's Village. Then Snow offered Cashmere the ultaminum of prostitution or prostituting her brother (who, Snow mentioned, a weird, cold smile on his weird, cold face and rose on his lapel overpoweringly fragrant, had several offers from people very into painfully pleasurable experiences). And she wasn't stupid; she knew about Gloss's prostitution. But she didn't want to make it worse-she couldn't. She chose her own prostitution and she knew in her core, more than she'd known anything in her life , that she would do anything to protect Gloss, to keep him alive and well. They both thought they were protecting the other until they were both 'entertaining' at Sugar, the trendiest club of the moment, and realized they'd been fucked over. Gloss breathed deeply and Cashmere blinked rapidly, her dark fan of lashes a blur as they processed this. "Fuck," Gloss said. "You weren't supposed to be touched. Or hurt." "I was trying to protect you ," Cashmere ground out. She tossed her hair and crossed her arms. She was shameless, now, even standing in front of her older brother in only a short, low-cut silk slip and and strappy, knee-high heels. "Christ. Snow mentioned you had clients who were into pain-play and BDSM. Things that you couldn't consent to. He was supposed to comb through your offers and make sure you didn't get any." Gloss stayed silent for once and Cashmere said frigidly, "Snow didn't?" "He did," Gloss said. He touched her face with the back of his broad knuckles gently, tucking her hair behind her ear with rough fingers like he did when they were five and six. "I haven't had a client like that." Recently was what he didn't say but Cashmere knew him too well, knew him in her blood, under her hands and in her heart. She had no answer-not one that wouldn't get her killed-and reached out to twine their fingers together. "I love you." "I love you too," Gloss said, and they were terrible people, there was no doubt, but they would do anything for each other and this was one of the many things they shared. Sometimes, they would lie in bed together, silk sheets pooling around their trim waists, breath mingling on the pillows. Sometimes, they would train together for long hours-kickboxing, sword-fighting, wrestling, archery. Sometimes, they would kiss, a press of warm lips that tasted like right, hope , love and I would go through the Games again for you. Though they were friends with the District One and Two Victors and intelligent stylists, and acquaintances with Victors like Finnick Odair, they were mostly shunned by the rest of the Victors for being 'snobby' or 'pretentious' or 'Capitol supporting.' There were few Victors, few people in general, who realized that after everything they'd been through and they were going through, Cashmere and Gloss hated the Capitol, hated this dictatorship and Snow, with an aching passion. They weren't power-thirsty; they weren't high on blood and lust. They wanted acceptance and love. They wanted was relaxation in place of tightly-wound control every time someone touched them, and to be reprieved of their sins. Then came Katniss Everdeen and the rebellious act in the 74th Hunger Games. "She's going to get herself killed," Cashmere hissed, narrowing her eyes at the screen. She was in one of Gloss's soft button-downs, the blue one he'd bought for himself, and running shorts, long legs stretched out on her bed. Gloss lifted a brow slightly, cold disapproval scrawled over his face. "They both are. They've survived this long though. Abernathy must have stepped up." "For her? Probably. Not for the guy, Mellark." She refused to call them by their first names, refused to acknowledge them. Finally, now, ten years later, business was evening out and then this had to happen. Clients would be crazy for Victors after this. The Twelves would be off-limits with this romance, so the clients would want to pick up any other Victor for the novelty. "He was virtually useless the entire Games. Like those Six Victors." "They did become Victors," Gloss reminded her, but he didn't disagree. It was one thing to win , it was another to know how to win . Outsmarting the competition drew a line somewhere-it was about how you played the crowd, how you played the tributes, how you played the Games. Hiding out wasn't entirely effective and they'd both witnessed the aftereffects of basically burying yourself alive. There was a pause and then, "If we had been in the same arena…" We would have fought together. We would have died together. "Don't," Gloss said. His voice and eyes were hard, but the lines of his face betrayed his pain. He couldn't think about that though he knew he wouldn't have killed her. Cashmere pursed her lips and reached over, twining their fingers, pressing a kiss to the back of his knuckles. His knuckles were a place where blood had stained, where the mandatory healing after the Games left the skin smooth, where it was now split and scarred and had to be covered with makeup whenever he went out. "I love you," she said and he uncurled his hand, an open palm pressing against her cheek. "I love you too," said Gloss and sank down beside her. He wrapped her in a hug and they both held on. They got Reaped the next Hunger Games, the both of them, and no one Volunteered to take their place. That was fair. They wouldn't have done it for them either-not unless the other sibling was going in. They smiled and waved as if it was such a huge honour. They bit back words that would've made the utterly foolish Johanna Mason proud. They hung on to each other, hands twined, knuckles white, until they reach the Capitol. "There's a rebellion going on," Gloss murmured against the shell of Cashmere's ear. They were at a huge party that was all chrome, glass, and plastic people in expensive clothes. He leaned over her to retrieve the bottle of wine the bartender at the open bar brought for him to deliver back to his 'date' of the night. After all, business was still business. He lingered just a touch longer than normal, not enough to be suspicious about, to talk to his sister. "They won't trust us," Cashmere whispered back, lips barely moving as she pressed the rim of her crystal glass to her mouth, taking a delicate swallow of fine red wine. Gloss didn't respond, just grabbed the bottle, kissed her perfectuarly on the cheek and backed away. However, the look in his eyes told her that he understood. He'd always understood, she knew. Understood how to play the Games, understood how to survive, understood trauma and possession and being used and how to keep living. " We made it out because we wanted to. Our wins were made up of strokes of luck and of us doing everything we could to get out of there. Don't waste that chance to be alive because twenty-three other tributes went in and didn't come out. They don't get a chance to live anymore. Live for them. Live for yourself." Cashmere nodded and tossed her head, blonde locks flaring. She was shameless, she was beautiful, and she was redefining herself a year after her win. One thing Gloss had always understood, Cashmere had realized after Snow began prostituting her, was that, in the end, there were few people you could truly trust and rely on, and few people who would trust and rely on you. "Enobaria and Brutus will," Gloss said and that