The first time they meet, Clove's eyes catch on Glimmer. She's beautiful, but a carbon copy of hundreds of simpering, superficial girls in District One. District One always sends their best out, just like Two. Clove knows this - she's been trained to work with, and against, the One tributes. Cato catches her eye, but shakes his head minutely. Glimmer is draped over him in less than a minute, all swaying hips and long, fluttering eyelashes. Clove grits her teeth, hands flexing like they would around the handles of her knives. When Glimmer shoots unsteadily at a target two hours later, Clove bites down on the urge to laugh derisively. This bitch won't make it five minutes in the arena without their help. District One clearly lucked out this year. The second time they meet, it's when they sneak out to get in extra training. Their mentors are waiting for them at the doors, huddled together tightly. Clove sees the flash of Enobaria's teeth, then catches how Cashmere's body rolls into a fighting stance fluidly. Gloss sees them. He clears his throat, eyes never straying from the group of tributes, and the other mentors fall away into relaxed postures. "What do you think that was about?" Marvel asks once they're inside and the mentors have left. He sounds almost bored. He's fiddling with a spear, flipping it between his fingers deftly. Clove can't help but notice that he's just as beautiful as Glimmer. It's in the sweep of his undercut hair, the high cliffs of his cheekbones, and in the thin, lean lines of his frame. "Power plays, probably," Cato says. His eyes are this shade too sharp to be friendly. "Disagreement over arena strategy," Clove offers. "Or something about us, more likely." She's halfway to the knives when Glimmer speaks up, voice too lovely for her words. "'Something about us'?" coos Glimmer. "Honey, it's definitely about us. Probably about how we're going to play it in the arena, but also probably arguing who should fall into which role. Brutus wants Cato to lead, but Cashmere wants Marvel." Clove continues towards the knives. She blinks because Glimmer sounds dangerous. Predatory instead of sweet. Strategic instead of simple-minded. "What about Gloss and Enobaria?" Clove prompts, testing the waters. Glimmer makes a derisive sound. "Gloss wants me to lead, actually," she says. She sounds almost dismissive, but kind of pleased. "Enobaria wants you." "Who do you think should be leader?" Marvel says. He doesn't sound the least bit surprised. He must have known Glimmer had been hiding something underneath the smooth curves and bright smile. Clove turns, knives in hand, as Glimmer smiles. Her eyes glitter, too bright, and her smile is white. She's picture-perfect, of course, but she says, "I think who becomes leader will happen naturally." The unspoken message hangs in the air: who can kill the most, and who can survive the best will be the best leader. Clove realizes that she doesn't know a lot about Glimmer, but she does realize that Glimmer could be leader if she really wants to. The third time they meet, it's when Glimmer throws Cato onto the mat with ease, and presses one of the dual swords she had been fighting with to his throat. Clove narrows her eyes. On the opposite side of the mats, Marvel is smiling. Cato's eyebrows are raised - he's impressed. Frankly, so is Clove. "Thanks for fighting with me," Glimmer purrs at Cato. She bats her dark lashes, and sheathes her dual swords on her back as she turns away. "Marvel? Get me a towel, would you please?" "Get your own towel," Marvel teases her, voice too light to be vicious. He hands her a towel anyway, and she delicately dabs her face with it. It's clear to Clove that Glimmer's strength is not in archery, which she spent most of her own time yesterday working incompetently on, but in close-range combat and sword fighting. Why she chose to try and fake it in archery is something Clove understands well from her early days wielding a spear that was three times the size of her poorly and consciously. Cato saunters back over to Clove, and raises his eyebrows pointedly. Still think she's weak? his expression reads and Clove glares at him. Then smiles sweetly as she squeezes his shoulder, hand pressing down into the bruise she saw Glimmer give him. Cato doesn't flinch. His mouth is smiling, and he's laughing at her without sound. "Glimmer," Clove drawls, shoving Cato aside and moving forward. Glimmer turns her, face traced with a hint of wariness, and Clove viciously thinks good. Marvel rocks forward by her shoulder, a subtle shift that Cato's done to Clove dozens of times before. Ugh, men, and their useless protective asses. "I'd like to spar with you." "Now?" Glimmer asks, casual. She drapes the towel around her necks. Tugs at her ponytail. "Yeah," Clove says. She smiles, sweet and feral. "Now. With weapons." They meet at the center of the mat. Glimmer draws her swords, and Clove unsheathes her knives. They're hunting knives, long and wicked, like her dual swords. When they fight, it's all clashing metal and swinging bodies. Clove learns a lot about Glimmer in one fight: her agility, her flexibility, her strength. Glimmer's a good fighter, she's really good, and Clove pushes hard against her. They don't get to see who the winner is. The trainers call lunch, voices sharp, and all the Career tributes know when to go. They need nutrition, they need water and to recuperate. Clove and Glimmer are locked, blades pressed against blades, when Marvel comes up and separates them. "Save some for the actual Games," Cato says. Clove stares him down. He's unfazed, and stares back. "Spar with me when we get back from lunch." It's not a request but they've been training together for years. They know each other. "Sure," Clove shrugs, casual, and Cato hitches an eyebrow at her. She catches Glimmer looking at them in her peripheral vision, but Glimmer's only looking for a second before she turns away. The fourth time they meet, it's that night when Clove is restless. She throws off the silk blankets, shoves her feet into the training shoes Enobaria gave her, grabs the knife she stashed beneath her pillow, and books it out the door. Miraculously, Clove doesn't run into anybody as she roams the halls. The night the tributes arrived at the Capitol, she had spotted both her mentors in the living room. Last night, it had been Cato she'd run into. Today, there's no one. Or maybe not, Clove thinks, as she rounds the corner and spots Glimmer talking to an Avox. She watches as the Avox, a young boy with dark auburn hair, nods quickly and hurries off to do Glimmer's bidding. The moment he leaves Clove's field of vision, Glimmer turns her head and flashes a serene smile. It may be 2:44 in the morning, but her hair is mussed in a way that looks artful. She's dressed in a long, pale blue silk robe that flutters as she twists her shoulders. The only evidence of exhaustion are the bags under her eyes. "Stalking me?" Glimmer teases, voice lilting, and Clove hardens her voice. Stares her down. "You're not good enough competition for that," Clove says dismissively. Glimmer's smile sharpens, just a bit. "Darling," Glimmer begins, and Clove opens her mouth to object to the pet name. Glimmer's voice becomes silken, smoothing over whatever words Clove was about to say. The tone of her voice swallows any unspoken words hanging in the air. "I know you hate me, but we're allies. And if you want to keep it that way, I'd suggest biting your tongue more often." "But you don't have to bite yours?" Clove challenges. She lets her voice turn sickly-sweet, and lets her eyes go cold and blank. Glimmer's not the only one who learned to deflect blows with a pretty little voice. "Need it to fuck your way to the top?" "It's hard being pretty sometimes," Glimmer says, and that's, that's a truth. Clove almost wants to laugh. Every Career knows never to tell a truth, masked or not. Then she looks at Glimmer - at the dark circles under her eyes and at the thick, tight knot holding together her robe - and thinks she maybe understands. She also thinks that Glimmer is turning out to be a little more than a handful. "It's hard to be fucked?" Clove throws back at her. She's never been a kind one, and she's never below using secrets as a weapon. Glimmer's expression doesn't even change. "Well, it's not like you would know." "I've spent my time training to win." "That's what Cato told me right before we fucked," Glimmer says, sweet, and Clove barely resists the urge to knife her. She tries to stare her down instead. It doesn't work. Glimmer doesn't falter - all sharp eyes, and soft smiles. The Avox from earlier comes running back at the moment and breaks the spell. Glimmer accepts the glass bottle with a nod, and Clove catches her eyes softening a fraction before the boy hurries away. They stare at each other in silence for a bit, neither willing to say anything or let the other get away. Glimmer sips the violently coloured liquid inside the bottle. Clove wraps her hand around her knife. "It's hard being pretty," Glimmer eventually tells her. "But Cato likes you." Clove's narrows her eyes at her, but doesn't say anything. She lets this play out. "I can teach you," Glimmer says, "how to be noticed by him. It wouldn't be hard. He likes you as much you like him." "That's why he fucked you," Clove says dryly. Then she curses herself because no, she doesn't like Cato, not like that. It's too late to backtrack, because Glimmer is speaking. "He was seduced by me," Glimmer shrugs, the movement elegant. "He likes my body, not me." "And you think he likes me," Clove reiterates. Glimmer smiles, small and oddly sincere. "I know he does." Clove doesn't like Cato like that, but she hesitates. Being noticed in general could be played to her advantage... "Fine," she says, finally. "Teach me how to be noticed." Her voice is as flat and derisive as possible, but Glimmer's smirking. "Come on," Glimmer tells her. "Let's go back to my room." That night, Glimmer teaches her how to do her hair ("This is called an updo," Glimmer says, pulling her own hair up, "but I think you might like a crown braid better."), how to apply makeup ("I can do this," Clove says, uncapping the eyeliner, "it's basically like cutting someone," and Glimmer laughs.), how to dress ("High-waisted pants," Glimmer suggests, "to make you look taller." She winks when Clove tells her that she'll cut off her legs and tongue.) and how to act ("Sweetheart, he wanted me for my body. He wants you for your personality," she says, when Clove asks.) That night, Clove laughs and jokes more than she means to, and gets well-acquainted to Glimmer's laugh and jokes too. They don't meet again, but they do draw closer to each other on the final day of training. Clove ate breakfast, elbowed Cato, and talked with Enobaria and Brutus before going to where District One is staying. "Don't get attached," Enobaria warns her. She bares her teeth when Clove says. "I won't." It sounds like Enobaria's trying to call her out, and Clove narrows her gaze and nods to press her words forwards. When it's time for training, Clove wanders down with Glimmer and Marvel. Cato's already there, glaring at the District Eleven tribute, who rejected them yesterday, as he pulls out a sword. "Hey," he says. He nods definitely at Marvel, hugs Glimmer, and stops short at Clove. She has her hair in a half-bun, done by Glimmer, and her eyelashes are elongated with mascara. She painted her lips red,