It was a bright, cold day in April, and the clocks were striking thirteen. Gale Hawthorne sits stiffly in his chair, listening to people drone on about building the new world without actually coming to the point of how they're supposed to build a new world. He contemplates when they'll finally be released for lunch. It's already one in the afternoon, and he wants to go out and eat something other than the grey slush served in the barely-built office building. Across the table, Johanna Mason slouches low. Her eyes are turned up to the ceiling, her lips set into a scowl. She looks like she wants to rip someone's throat out. Honestly, Gale can relate. "Okay," Jo snaps suddenly. "What is the fucking point of this meeting?" The man speaking, a Peacekeeper who was part of the Rebellion, stops abruptly. He's tall and broad-shouldered, obviously packed with muscle, and Gale knows he doesn't stand a chance against an angry Johanna Mason. "We're-" "Doing shit for all," Jo says aggressively. "Yeah, new world, fucking fantastic , how about we come up with an actual plan to make that new world happen? Think about that during lunch, meet back in an hour. I'm done ." She says it likes she means it, like she's going to leave and never return. Johanna doesn't say anything else. Just gets up, grabbing her coat from the back of her chair, and stomps out. There's a moment of silence, where everyone is simultaneously surprised and unsurprised. Then Gale gets up, gathers his own coat, and leaves after Johanna. When he comes back an hour later, he runs into her. He takes the sketchy elevator going up, but Johanna appears from the other end of the hallway, where the stairs are. They eye each other warily, both with coffees in hand. "Ladies first," she says mockingly, tipping her head towards the meeting room door in invitation. Once upon a time that might have riled Gale up or made him volley a sharp retort in return. Now he sighs, because this is his life and he's accepted that he's always going to be around feisty, sassy women. He goes in first. Everyone else is already there, murmuring to each other as Gale and Johanna take their seats. The ex-Peacekeeper from before stands up again, clearing his throat purposefully. "We've divided the plan into three parts," he begins, and Gale settles back to listen. Across the table, Johanna Mason slouches low. Her eyes are sharp and fierce as she watches the occupants of the table carefully. There are dark circles under her eyes that match Gale's. Johanna and Gale are neighbours entirely by accident. Gale isn't even supposed to be in his apartment, requested a unit a few floors up, but someone else moved into the unit he wanted and management is a tired, soft mother with a newborn baby, so he took the new apartment without complaint. He doesn't sleep well, is the thing, remembers fire and little sisters and the bleakness of District 13 and the way shrill screams hung in the air. He stays awake too long, is the other thing, drinking shitty coffee after shitty coffee, and poring over plans to rebuild the districts except they're building , creating something new, better, and isn't this what he fought for. He remembers how angry he felt before, injustice smacking him in the face, making one decision that led to another one that led to losing Prim, that led to losing Katniss. One night, Gale passes out on his couch from too little sleep and too little coffee, and wakes up to someone screaming. His hand is on his bow before his eyes are fully open, scrambling for the compact, militarized weapon, and unfolding it fully. He grabs his arrows-slim, metal, lethal things with dangerous tips-and sets out through the hall. He opens his door, hears something, and barely dodges a knife. He recognizes Johanna only when they're bow-to-axe with each other, caught in mid-strike poses. Gale can't hear his heartbeat, only the screaming, and it's like fighting in the Career Districts and Capitol all over again. "Fuck," Johanna curses, stepping away, and going around him. "Who's screaming?" Gale hisses, following her warily as she picks up her knife. "How the hell should I know," Johanna snarls back, not quietly at all. A few people are coming out of their apartments, eyeing the two cautiously, peering around for the cause of screaming, and generally looking grim and terrified. "Come on," says Johanna, and he follows her up the stairs. There are people huddled outside a second floor apartment, looking anxious and talking amongst each other. The lack of imminent danger and people holding weaponry makes Gale relax a fraction. Gale sighs, and asks, loudly and firmly, "What's the problem? Who's in there?" "There's a little boy," a girl, maybe 15, says. "Nobody's attacking, just something's wrong." They look at her but she doesn't elaborate on what's wrong . Johanna scowls, marches up the door, and knocks sharply on it. The screaming continues. No one answers. Johanna keeps knocking, a steadily increasing pounding where the screaming is accompanies by intervals of crying, and where Gale develops a headache. He's about to rip Johanna away when the door swings open. It's a man, young, younger than Gale, and looking apologetic and weary. "I'm so sorry," he says, voice hoarse, "I just. He's crying, I don't know what to do, I can't bring him back to reality." Gale steps forward, says, "Can I see him?" Him turns out to be a boy around 5 years old. His eyes are closed, glassy, he's screaming at the top of his lungs, and there are tear tracks down his face. "He was, he saw people die in front of him, saw them bleed, saw, saw things that kids shouldn't see," the man says, soft and low. "He couldn't find me or anyone, I think, I couldn't find him for sure. I, he's-" Gale moves forwards, drops to his knees beside the little boy's bed, and says, "I'm sorry," real soft, and the words are loud through the screams. Says, "You're going to be okay, you're alive, you're so young," and thinks too young , and of Prim being called up at the 74th Games, of holding on to his own siblings tightly. Gale sits on the his bed, slowly pulls him onto his lap, and talks to him about District 12 food in a low, confident, soothing voice he used to talk to Katniss and his mom in when they were panicked. The kid calms down after a while, looking up at Gale, feels softer and warmer being held by this stranger, this dark-haired man with warm palms and cold fingers, who says you're safe right now . Gale leaves the room, nods at Johanna and the man, and walks out before anyone can say anything to him. Johanna catches up with him on the flight of stairs going down, and, briefly, her shoulder presses against his, warm and solid. She doesn't say anything, so Gale bumps her back, and lets himself into his apartment unit. Gale comes out of a meeting at almost midnight about plans for the new law enforcement, military, weapons, and has a headache bigger than Panem. He scowls and raises eyebrows at people who even bother to look his way, and Lilith, a District 3 weapons designer whose father was from the Capitol, claps him on the shoulder. "You look like Johanna at five in the morning," she remarks, cheerful, and Gale snorts. "Should I ask how you know this?" he says, half-sincere, and half-intrigued. Lilith grins at him, all teeth. Her hair has gone white from stress, but she's only in her late twenties. "You want some help managing all the plans, or, like, getting a new attitude?" She claps him on the shoulder again, gentler this time. Gale says, "No, I've got it." He means there's nothing I can do for you, I can't take your help, I won't , and Lilith's eyes are soft when she squeezes his shoulder. "Well, I could use some help," she tells him. "I'm getting old, you know." He frowns. "It's okay," he tries to say, only half-heartedly trying for polite, and Lilith sighs, slapping him over the head. "You, me, and Johanna will be meeting at six in the morning tomorrow. Don't be late. This isn't all about you, you know." Gale feels guilt twist up in his stomach, remembers the bomb, remembers the dead, and Lilith presses a kiss to the side of his head before going off somewhere. Gale slinks into the night to walk home. Not ten minutes later, he encounters Johanna standing a block from their apartment building, looking down at the large dog sitting by her feet. "Having a nice staring contest?" Gale calls, and Johanna doesn't flinch, but he sees her go stiff, and then sees her middle finger flipping him off. "You're lucky I didn't stab you," she snaps, a wild smirk curling her mouth when he's a foot away from her. Her eyes glitter in the street lights. She looks terrifying. She looks exactly like a Victor who played the entire arena. Gale says, "I know," and realizes he doesn't really care if he gets stabbed or not. Johanna rolls her eyes like she knows what he's thinking. She gestures to the dog. "This ass keeps following me around. He's like, Haymitch following Effie around when he's drunk and doesn't know what to do." "Haymitch and Effie are dating now," Gale says, looking at the dog. The dog is big, with fluffy blond fur. He reaches down to pat the dog, and it pants, a black tongue lolling out of it's mouth. He thinks of the mutts in Katniss' first Games, but this dog looks nothing like them. Friendlier, maybe. Gale wonders if the dog is a he or a she . "You going to keep it?" he asks, rising again. Johanna raises a brow at him, shaking her head. "Like I have time for this dog. I had more time before the fucking Rebellion." "Yeah, I'm sure you were really fulfilling your life," Gale deadpans, because he knows she wasn't, and Johanna glares. "I'll stab you," she says, and he knows she won't. Knows how she hesitates with a blade these days, doesn't like to kill, but he knows if she needs to, she will, he saw it in the apartment building when the 5 year-old was screaming, and that's a reassuring thought that lifts some weight off his chest. "You can threaten me later," Gale tells her, shaking his head. "What are you going to do with the dog?" Johanna lifts a shoulder. She's already turning away, done with the conversation. "I don't want the fucker. You can have it." Gale stays where he is. The dog follows Johanna, who stops and a quarter turn to glare down at it. "Stay," she growls. The dog grins up at her. Gale laughs at her, and ignores the glare she levels at him too. He laughs again when she tries walking away, again, and the dog continues to follow her. "Shut the fuck up," Johanna says to him, and then says to the dog, "fucking stay ." "He doesn't want to stay," Gale points out, "he wants to be with you." Johanna looks at him. " He might be a female ," she drawls, sneering. "And I don't want he, or she, or whatever this fucking dog identifies to be, to come home with me." "You shouldn't leave it out here though," Gale says. He moves forwards, checks the dog for tags. There's one that says all shots received . Whoever owned this dog had been well off enough to take care of them, and either couldn't anymore, or was dead. Johanna says, "I shouldn't have killed those people either, but life isn't always about should or shouldn't , sorry