Disclaimer: I do not own Twilight or any of its characters. They belong to Stephanie Meyer. Acknowledgements: To MarcyJ for the mind-flayer joke, started in her story 'Cullenary Education: Forks Sex Ed.' It just works so well in this context, I couldn't resist. Role-play By my1alias Type of Edward: Slightly Geeky Character type: Out of character POV: Edward Story type: Alternate universe, all human. 'Come in!' boomed Emmett with a smile as he opened the door for us. We, that is to say Mike, Eric, Tyler and I, trooped in and kicked off our shoes. Alice peeped out at me from behind Emmett's body. 'Hi!' she chirped. 'We have a new player!' She bounced excitedly. Groans from my roommates met this announcement. 'We already have too many players!' That was obviously Tyler. He was used to playing with only four players, MAX. He had agreed to let Alice play purely because she had taken to watching our game and trying to guess (quite accurately, I might add) what we were going to do or say next. And, well, once she had told her big brother that she really, really wanted to play, Emmett told Tyler that if he had a problem with her, he could leave. So Tyler wasn't too thrilled with our new addition. 'Geez, Emmett, it better not be your new girl Rose. You know the rule: no girlfriends allowed!' Mike glanced at Alice. 'OR boyfriends.' 'It's not Rose, Mike. I know how you love that rule,' sighed Emmett. 'Yeah, and I know Jasper would love to play. You guys are mean!' pouted Alice. I, unlike my roommates, loved welcoming new players to the game I loved. 'Is he a newbie? Where did you find him?' Emmett smirked. 'SHE is most definitely new, and she is in one of Alice's classes at university. Does the name Bella Swan mean anything to you?' Did it ever! Bella Swan had transferred here last week. Alice had jumped at the chance and offered to show her around. Obviously Bella was best friend material, because Alice didn't often talk about D&D. Knowing about Bella hadn't prepared me for the first time I had seen her, just yesterday on campus. At first I had thought I was dreaming. Surely no-one was that beautiful? And then her eyes had caught mine and she had smiled, and I knew that I couldn't possibly have dreamt up such a sweet smile. I had half-smiled and waved at her as we passed by each other, and a slight rosy blush has crossed her cheeks. People were pushing me from behind, so I couldn't stop and stare at her the way I wanted to. She had blushed! Why? The idea that it was because of me was almost too ridiculous to consider, although I had dreamt about it that night. The most logical explanations were either that a) she was shy and any human contact made her blush, or b) she had seen some attractive guy behind me and he had winked at her… or something like that. 'Bella… coming here?' squeaked Mike. 'Why didn't you say so? I would've shaved, or… or… brushed my hair!' I scowled at him for interrupting my thoughts on my previous encounter with Bella, however brief, before panic started to fill MY thoughts, too. 'Excuse me, umm, bathroom,' I mumbled and went off in that direction. As I left them, Eric, the only person unconcerned with the upcoming arrival of the new girl, asked, 'so are we fighting any mindflayers today?' I shut out Emmett's answer with the doors, certain that he would not dignify that question with a response. Eric asked that question every session, and I was positive I did not want to know why. I also refrained from touching any part of the page with a mindflayer on it in Eric's personal copies of "Monster Manual" and he had several different editions of those. The pages were always sticky, and I doubted the cause was a Pepsi spill. Pushing these disturbing thoughts as far back as possible, I focused my gaze on the mirror, scrutinizing my appearance. Green eyes peeked out from under reddish-brown curls. I ran my hand through them in an attempt to calm them down. Frustrated with my hair but knowing that it would not get much better, I gave up and looked back at my face. No breakouts today, I was relieved to notice, but the paleness of my skin always betrayed how little I enjoyed the outdoors. Slightly encouraged, but still self-conscious, I rejoined my friends in the dining room around the table. 'Edward!' exclaimed Emmett. 'Meet Bella. Bella, Edward.' Proud of himself for remembering to perform introductions, he beamed around the table. Everyone chuckled but me. I was too nervous. I had a pair of chocolate brown eyes staring at me across the table. 'We'll be playing our Eberron characters today, seeing as Alice already helped Bella make one. The session started out normally enough; just a little bit awkward as we got used to our characters again. Then Emmett decided to throw a bomb on me. 'Ebb meets a girl named Ocean. She has a spear and a short sword, and looks a little lost in the city. When she sees him, her eyes light up and Ebb cannot help but be pulled towards her.' Emmett looks at me. 'Carry on.' I gulp. I know what Emmett is expecting. My character, Ebb, has "attracted to women" down on his character list. Shit. 'Umm…Ebb approaches Ocean. "How are you, lady? May I be of service?"' Bella looks confused. 'What am I supposed to say?' she whispers to Emmett. 'Just play along. This is called "role-playing," so just get into character,' he whispered back. 'And remember, your character likes men. REALLY likes men. Play it up.' Emmett winked at her. Bella swallowed nervously and started to blush. '"Hello, sir. I was looking for an inn. Would you know of any good ones?"' '"Why yes, there is one called 'The Honest Rogue' just down this way."' I replied. '"Sounds like an oxymoron. Is it trustworthy?"' '"Yes, quite. Would you like me to accompany you?"' 'Roll a will save,' drawled Emmett. 'The die 20,' he explained to Bella. Both of us rolled the save; I got a total of 9, Bella a total of 4. Emmett raised his eyebrows. 'Your will saves suck,' he smirked. 'Ebb and Ocean feel a strong pull towards each other, and cannot resist it. They press against each other and kiss passionately. Managing…' 'Oh come off it!' interrupted Mike. 'There's no way that would happen. Leave the kissy stuff out of this!' Both Bella and I were blushing furiously, eying each other across the table. The rest of the session continued without further incident. 'Well, that's it for tonight. See you all next week, same time, same place!' yawned Emmett. 'Good game, everyone. You played very well, Bella. Excellent first game.' He grinned cheerfully at her as she blushed at his compliments. During the process of putting on our shoes, I noticed that Bella was having difficulties with her laces. Just then, Bella wobbled and started to fall towards Mike. 'Whoa,' said Mike. 'You ok, there?' Bella blushed beet red and nodded. 'Allow me,' I said. Did those words just come out of my lips? Apparently so. I bent down to tie Bella's shoes for her. 'Would you like me to take you home?' My mouth just would not shut up! I glanced up to see her reaction to my question. If possible, Bella was blushing more than ever. I could feel my own cheeks heating up, and I knew I must be just as red as she was. 'That would be very nice of you, Edward.' I felt like both cheering and trying to get her to say my name again. I loved the way my name sounded on her lips. 'I don't live too far, just a couple of blocks over, but I don't really like this neighbourhood at night.' Bella said as we walked out the door. I had offered her my arm, and she hung onto it tightly. 'Don't worry, I will protect you!' I said as I puffed out my chest. I deflated when Bella's peeling laughter rang out. 'What? You don't think I'm strong enough to protect you?' I pressed her up against a fence along the sidewalk, holding her wrists. 'Then try to get away.' Our faces were millimetres apart and I was finding it difficult to breathe. Bella's breath hitched in her throat. 'I'm sorry,' I said as I released her. 'I was just joking around. I would never...' I was cut off by Bella standing up on her tiptoes and pressing her lips to mine. They sent little shivers of electricity to run up and down my spine. I wrapped my arms and her tiny waist and pulled her closer to me. She moaned against my lips and I licked along the seam, begging for entry. With another moan, she opened her mouth to mine, and my tongue found hers. God, she tasted so good! I walked her backwards so that her back was pressing up against the fence again and continued to thoroughly explore her mouth with my tongue. I realized I was running out of air, and reluctantly released her mouth, both of us panting with desire. 'Do you want to come in to my place?' asked Bella shyly. 'I'd like to kiss you some more.' For answer, I took her hand and pulled her gently into a run. Laughing, we ran the rest of the way to her apartment. She opened the door and led us to the elevator. While waiting impatiently for the elevator to arrive, I occupied myself with kissing my way down her neck to her collarbone, sucking gently on it before moving up to her earlobe and nipping lightly. She moaned again. 'You have no idea how incredibly sexy that moan is,' I whispered in her ear. 'It turns me on.' Ding She pulled me by the hand into the elevator and pushed me up against the wall. 'Yes, well, the way you keep kissing me turns me on.' She kissed the side of my neck. 'Nice to know that we're having the same sort of effects on each other,' she said as she bit my neck. Not too hard, just enough to make me groan. I was getting very hard very quickly, and it was almost painful. Ding 'We're here, come on,' said Bella, again pulling me by the hand. I pushed her up against her door and kissed her mouth long and hard. Her hands inched their way up my back and into my hair, where her fingers gripped my curls tightly. I was never going to cut my hair again. 'Please…' she whispered. I took her keys out of her hand and opened the door, pushing her gently into her entryway. 'The bedroom is this way,' she said. I paused. 'Oh God, what you must think of me!' Bella blushed more than I had ever seen her blush before. 'I don't do this sort of thing normally, and we don't even have to do anything and…' I cut her off with a kiss. 'I think you're a beautiful woman, and I would love to go to your bedroom with you. I hesitated because I don't know how far you want this to go, and I don't want to push you.' Bella looked at me. 'I would like to have sex with you.' To hear it put so bluntly from such beautiful lips almost did me in right there. I scooped her up in my arms and carried her into the bedroom, laying her tenderly on her bed before I crawled on top of her. We kissed again, and her body was pressed all along mine, her breasts pushing against my chest with every breath she took. I couldn't take it anymore, and