Just a little Valentine's for those individuals such as myself for whom the good ship Gríowyn appeals. DISCLAIMER: Recognisable characters and settings are Tolkien's, not mine. Shocking and devastating, I know, but, hey, what are you gonna do? At night, when the golden hall became a silver hall, Meduseld was a kingdom of shadows. The light of the moon threw long and intricate renderings of the darkness across the stone floors, threaded silver fingers around the corners and bred pools of darkness in the corridors, as treacherous as deep water. The silence only added to the gloom, much like the constant buzz of conversation and activity heightened the golden of the daylight. Truly, Meduseld by night was a glorious, terrible place. It was of no surprise then, that it was by night that Gríma, King's Counsellor, never felt more a man of Edoras than in the bitter darkness of Rohan's capital. In the palace where he found little welcome in the day, the shadows of its nights accepted him as an old friend and protected him, hid his troubled midnight wanderings from prying eyes. But as much as the darkness loved him, he longed for light - not for morning, and the sneering distaste of Rohan's people, but for the single light that shone bright enough to illuminate him for what he was. A snake, she called him. Spat at him. And even in dreams, he could not escape her. The hard silver of her gaze, cold and lifeless. So beautiful, so frozen - like a leaf caught in ice, suspended green and whole and unchanging. So it was better then, for him to stalk the shadows, avoiding the troubled sleep he usually found himself in; better, then, to escape the beautiful hauntings that the night-Éowyn afforded him. It happened, however, that there were ill dreams in the night for more than just Gríma. Éowyn awoke from her nightmare with a sharp intake of breath. With a shaking hand, she swept at the sweat beading on her forehead. Scenes from her dream assaulted her, the sounds echoing in her ears; the clash of swords, the sound of metal against flesh, and the screams, the pitiful whimpers, of the wounded. It was the same every night. Each time she closed her eyes, the horrors found her and followed her. Extracting herself from the clammy furs of her bed, she gasped as the soles of her feet touched the cold stone floors. The shock was good, the shock was welcome - it was something to focus on. Standing, she shivered in her thin linen nightdress, feeling goosebumps erupt on her skin. Éowyn, letting the cold air numb her, found comfort in the chill. Knowing there would be no more sleep tonight, the Shieldmaiden of Rohan slipped through the doors to her chamber and started a cold and familiar walk down the freezing corridors. It was a ritual by now. To wake, then to wander. She did not know of the eyes that found her and followed her, not with purpose or forethought, but with the chance that another broken sleep provided. Padding down the corridors, Éowyn felt the numbing effect of the cold air slip through to her fears, and she almost did not hear the quiet voice as it spoke. "What rouses you at so early an hour, my lady?" The question came as a sibilant whisper in the semi-darkness and without turning, Éowyn knew who was asking. Who else? Twisting round on her heels, her heartbeat hammering against her ribs, she faced the counsellor with her chin tilted high. "What business is it of yours, snake?" she spat at him, feeling her hatred burn a hot path through her numbness. "Might not one but you sneak about the darkness now?" Wormtongue barely bristled at her unkind words, his mismatched eyes locked on hers. His dark hair was snarled and tangled about his face, his spidery hands curled into his furred cloak. "Forgive me," he drawled. "But the hour is late for one such as you to wander. Does my lady not fear the danger in such darkness?" Éowyn felt her lip curl in disgust. "No more than I fear you, haunting the shadows. Whose keyhole do you hiss your poison through tonight, leech?" The Wormtongue's hands clenched at his sides, and Éowyn felt a stab of pride at her ability to use words, his own weapon, against him. "You wound me with your brother's words, my lady," he accused gently. "Though I confess, the cut feels all the deeper when wrought from so sharp a tongue that hides behind the fairness of your face." "Better a sharp tongue than a deceitful one," she retorted. "Are you not content to haunt me in the hours of day? Do you seek me by night, now?" "I had no intent as such. I heard your footsteps..." She saw him glance down at her feet, heard the sharp intake of breath as he saw them bare and white, so small beneath the hem of her nightdress. His eyes were wide when he met her gaze again. "I merely sought to provide some kinship for my lady's troubled sleep." Was it so obvious then, the sleep she sought to avoid? The horrors she tried to outrun in the darkness? Éowyn looked to the Wormtongue, tried to read his face. The pale, almost grey skin gave no clue to his thoughts, but there seemed to be less... less pretence than usual. There was no facade of fawning, no angry bitterness in his voice. She noticed then that the bags under his eyes seemed more pronounced this night; even in the limited light, she could see the purple bruises against his pale skin. Perhaps she was not the only one who suffered a broken sleep. A little of the venom left her voice when she spoke next. "Did my wandering wake you?" His hairless brow quirked slightly before he could conceal his surprise at her question. "Do not worry, my lady. I am a light sleeper." "You lie," she said, but there was no malice to the accusation. She gestured at his attire. "You have not yet been to bed, Counsellor. Your day clothes give you away." Gríma bowed his head, strings of his dark hair hanging limply over his face. He licked his grey lips before replying. "I will not deny it, then." A strange curiosity stole over Éowyn as she considered him, standing stooped and distant in the corridor. She had ever thought that it was in the shadows that Gríma would seem strongest, that the darkness would lend him power. Indeed, enough of his twisted words had leaked from dark rooms and poisoned the light. Yet tonight... Éowyn found herself meeting the gaze of his intense heavy-lidded stare, and had the strange feeling that here in the darkness he seemed less than himself. Clearing her throat, Éowyn stepped closer. Gríma's eyes widened slightly, but he said nothing. "Will you explain it?" questioned Éowyn softly, more curiosity in her tone than demand. Gríma, son of Gálmód, blinked slowly. He looked down at his hands, the spidery fingers flexing seemingly involuntarily before he replied in a hoarse voice. "Unrest plagues my dreams of late, my lady. It is easier to escape that which you do not face." The sentiment of his statement pulled her back to her situation. She had not thought to have something in common with the loathsome creature, but it seemed they had more kinship than she might have guessed. "An unrest of your own making, no doubt," she said in clipped tones, if only to remind herself exactly whom she was dealing with. His smile was crooked without being deceitful; on another less pinched face it could easily be considered wry. "Perhaps you are right, my lady Éowyn. But I have little doubt you share the same fault in your own unrest." Éowyn shook her head. In his voice there was little of his usual serpentine lust for her; the concern was shared as one might speak with a friend. "I face it all the same," she said quietly. In his slow, measuring nod, she found strength to look upon him as her dear uncle did. Surely if he trusted this twisted tongue there was some worth in its whispers, and tonight was the first time she had seen such humility in his foul person. She forced herself to speak again. "I would have your counsel, Gríma, if you would give it." Even as she spoke the words, she would never guess how he had longed to hear them. Gríma, again, did little to hide his surprise, bowing his head reverentially. She could not know the missed beat of his scarred heart as she said his given name, pure and quiet, or the breath that caught in his throat at her long-awaited request. "I have ever been at your disposal, my lady, should you have need of me. I give it gladly." Whatever innuendo lurked beneath those words did not register with Éowyn as it might had she not been so caught up in the hauntings of her darkness. She turned away from him, tilting her face to the window. Gríma wondered how she could make even an emotion such as fear seem achingly beautiful. He was able to examine her without fear of reprisal for some moments before she spoke. "I cannot sleep but to see their faces," she said finally. Her voice was so quiet he might have missed it, had his ears not been so fine tuned to the sweet melody of her voice. "Whose?" he questioned softly, moving ever closer. Turning, she looked at him again, and he was pained by the sadness in her eyes, their coldness melted with her fear. "My people," she answered. "The women, the children, their fallen warriors. I dream of a war, bigger than anyone should ever imagine. And I know I send them to their deaths, so I dream on their faces, that they know it as I know it. The blame in their eyes keeps me from sleep. The path I send them on is death's own track, yet I do it still." His warrior, his Éowyn, so timid and unsure before him. Emboldened, Gríma stepped closer again. "You act only because they demand it," he whispered silkily, "and you have ever chosen as best as circumstances allow you to. Take heart in that knowledge, Shieldmaiden. They would judge you far more quickly for failing to act than they would for anything you might actually pursue, however fruitless." Her breath seemed so loud in the silence. He could hear her teeth chattering, and his mind drifted back to the thin cotton of her sleeping garment. So fair... so cold... Perhaps, this night, it was his lot to warm her. Shrugging out of his furred cloak, he stepped closer, then closer still as she made no move to stop him. He draped it over her shoulders daringly, and breathed out a breath he did not know he was holding when her white hands crept up to grasp at the heavy folds gratefully. Still standing behind her, he spoke his next words into the curve of her ear, his fingers so close to her skin but not touching. Never touching. "You dream on your worries too much. Rohan's people will always crave action, you know this. It is the product of their pride." She turned to face him, seemingly unaware or uncaring of their proximity. His hands fluttered back to his sides. "You speak almost as one not of Rohan, Counsellor. Do you consider our people vain, then?" Her voice was sharper than it had been. "I meant nothing of the sort, my lady. Rohan's is a noble, justified pride." She looked at him, seeming so small and light in his dark furs, yet filled with such strength that he felt a coward before her. A coward, giving craven counsels in the