Prologue. It's hard to visualize nothing. The second you imagine nothingness, you fill it with something. Yet here I am, drifting in absolute silence. Am I dead? I think. There's no way that's going to happen. Not unless I let it. It's often said that humanity will need an enemy greater than itself just to survive, and here we are. It's the actions of every individual person that decide the outcome. I focus on the only thing I can, my memories. I almost laugh. And it was all going so well. I'm drifted through memory lane, back to the stories I heard about what happened three years ago. Chapter One: Frostbite & Sunburn August 1st, 2014, 8:46 A.M. -Half Blood Hill Festus became an indistinct ball of fire in the sky-a second sun- growing smaller and hotter. Then, in the corner of Jason's eye, a blazing comet streaked upward from the ground with a high pitched, almost human scream. Just before Jason blacked out, the comet intercepted the ball of fire above them. The explosion turned the entire sky gold. August 2nd, 2014, 5:47 A.M. -The roof of Cabin One, Camp Half Blood. Piper and Jason stayed on the roof until dawn broke, and Piper started to believe that they could have a fresh start. It might even be possible to tell a new story, in which Leo was still out there. Somewhere... December 21st, 2015. 5:00 P.M. -Somewhere above the Himalayas. Nico's dark brown eyes flew open. It's so bloody cold Nico thought bitterly. Nico sat bolt upright, one glance at his surroundings and he immediately knew what had happened. "Dammit Zeus!" Nico screamed." "Just because your still mad at Apollo doesn't mean you have the right to vent your anger on Will!" There was thunder in the distance. Nico decided it was best not to verbally scold Zeus again, probably for at least one or two decades. Nico's eyes flitted over everything around him, taking in details like a rapid fire camera thanks to his ADHD. They were in a plane, thousands of feet from the ground, however the "thousands" in that statement was changing at an accelerating rate towards "hundreds". They were falling and spinning out of control. The plane was in bad shape. The entire left side of the tiny metal plane had been blown off. The rim of the hole was jagged and smoking. Nico smelled jet fuel. The plane was going to blow any second, yet how it hadn't the moment the plane had been struck by lightning, Nico had no clue. Nico was grasping tightly against the wall opposite to the hole in order to avoid being thrown from the plane, gripping so hard it hurt his knuckles. Also, the fact that the plane was spinning uncontrollably didn't help at all either. Nico's face and hands were numb from the cold, winter wind pounding at him at 30 mph. His hands felt like they were swollen, and his nose was dripping nasal fluid as a reaction to inhaling the frigid air. Nico's black shirt was torn, and in the area it'd been torn at he felt warm blood trickling down the sides of his ribs. I must have gotten nailed by some pieces of shrapnel Nico thought, wondering how bad it was. If worse came to worst, luckily Will Solace was an expert in healing. Oh gods, Will. Nico's blood ran like lead through his body, his heart pounding in his chest. Grasping the sides of the plane, Nico struggled to get to the smoking cockpit. He could already hear the roaring of the flames starting to grow, the second that it hit the fuel tank... He tore open the cockpit door, quit literally, seeing as it had already been blasted off it's hinges. It flew past Nico as it was sucked out the side of the plane. Inside the room was Will. Will was already strapping a parachute on. "You ready to go Death Head?" Will called. Nico grinned at his nickname. "Sure thing, Sunny Side." Nico called back. Will ran passed Nico, towards the side of the plane that had been ripped. His white fur coat was burnt in areas, his blonde hair askew in the wind. Nico's thoughts drifted back to the year earlier, when they'd first met. His voice shook him out of this thoughts. "They really are beautiful, but dangerous. Somehow these mountains remind me of you, Nico." The plane had stopped spinning, but Will still needed to hold on to the walls. He stopped there for a moment and looked out. Nico followed his gaze. It would have been breathtaking, but Nico was already out of breath. The Himalayan mountains spread out before them, the white peaks of the mountains reaching for the skies like the teeth of a giant creature. Below them spread a canopy of white snow. Nico projected a thought to Will, something he was able to do thanks to the Empathy Link he'd established with him awhile back. Do you really think he's down there? He'd better be, we've got no way to get back home if he isn't. Best of luck then. You too. He jumped from the plane. Nico didn't need a parachute, it was dark enough to where he could shadow travel at the last second before he hit the ground. It would slow his momentum down enough for a safe landing. Nico stepped through the door and fell. The feeling of falling from a plane wasn't new, but it still caused him to panic involuntarily. The wind slammed against his face, it felt like it was rebelling against him, ordering him to stop falling. Nico forced himself to remember that he'd be fine, and spread out his arms and legs. Lifting his head up, he relaxed. It was a wonderful feeling, not touching the ground. It could almost be mistaken for flying if you fell backwards and faced the sky. Nico saw Will deploy his parachute below him. Nico felt the shadows whispering to him as he prepared to make his jump. Even though he'd learned so much since he'd arrived at Camp Half Blood, he still didn't know where they came from. He often heard things about the near future from the shadows. They weren't bound to a time stream like humans were, they simply existed, observed, and whispered thoughts. 'They're coming! The invaders!' one said. 'Hide! Everyone hide!' said another. 'Please! Save us! Please!' another said. Nico sighed. The shadows were stirring much more these days, like they were running from an apocalyptic monster. Nico saw the ground below him. He was only a few seconds from impact. Nico imagined himself slipping through a crack in the light, the space where the sun wasn't reaching. It felt like falling, but much, much faster. Nico heard the whispering again, this time much louder. It sounded like he was in a dinning hall at a public school, but everyone was whispering. Nico willed himself to slip out of the shadows on the ground. Nico saw a crack in the blackness and jumped out. It felt like getting out of a freezing cold lake and into the wind. It chilled Nico to the bones, to the point where he couldn't move more than a few feet. Nico felt his lips becoming numb. Looking up he saw the plane falling. It was on fire and leaving a trail of smoke. It landed on the ground about a hundred feet away in a fiery explosion. Nico tried to channel "Will. I'm really cold, what about you?" Nah man, I found this hot tub, I'm just chillin'. OF COURSE I'M COLD! Right. Where are you. Look up. Nico looked up. He dodged out of the way, the effort making his limbs feel like they were falling apart. Will landed right next to where Nico had previously been standing. Will's parachute fell like an overhead blanket over both of them, blocking out the twilight that still existed after the sun had left the horizon. Will took out something from his pocket, but it was too dark to see. At least with human eyes. Nico extended his Shadow Vision, something Hazel had taught him to do. It worked similar to how she was always able to find her way underground. Everything that the shadows touched relayed a signal through it, same as the Earth. It's how Gaea had been so powerful. Nico sensed that Will was holding small stick doused in gasoline. Will pulled the parachute off from over top of them and wadded it up. He set it on the ground, taking a match out of his pocket. Will sat down, legs crossed. Nico walked up next to him. "Why are you sitting down, your butt is going to freeze." "First of all, it's actually not that bad, second of all, you don't need to worry about me, I actually can warm myself, I'm more worried about you. Besides, your going to get killed if you don't stop obsessing over my butt all the time." Nico felt himself turning red and looked away, before sitting down too. It wasn't as cold as he thought it would've been. Will set the match and the stick on the parachute. Will extended his hand. A beam of sunlight shot out from it. "Ever since the Apollo kids lost the ability to see glimpses of the future, we've been gaining the ability to control sunlight." Nico nodded. It made since that Apollo would try to give a replacement for the gift of prophecy, ever since Delphi went missing. Will aimed the beam at the match. The beam grew smaller, like it was being shone through a magnifying glass. The match burst into flame, next, so did the stick, then the parachute. "We make a weird couple, don't we." Nico said. "Why is that?" Will asked. "You control light, I control darkness." "Opposites attract, I guess." He turned his attention back toward the now flaming parachute. The flames gave off heat and light, illuminating the darkness that the sun left in it's absence as it set beneath the mountains. Nico pulled his black leather jacket tighter around him. Even though it was thick, it wasn't warm enough to block out the mountain coldness. Nico looked around. To his left, where the plane had landed, smoke rose above the flaming plane. A large field of icy tundra spread out of view beyond that. Nico could see a few tree's growing, somehow still living and green. They looked like Christmas tree's. That reminded Nico that Christmas was in four days. The glowing fires contrasting greatly with the snowy landscape. To Nico's right rose a mountain. It stretched miles towards the starry sky. Around it more mountains encircled them. They were in more or less a valley. Will spoke, shaking Nico out of his thoughts. "We're going to have to head over to that plane eventually, this fire won't last us long, and we need a heat source." Nico nodded. "I could shadow-" "No!" Will yelled. "I know, I know." Nico said. "But I haven't told you my plan yet!" Will looked Nico in the eyes. "Dude, you're only supposed to shadow travel once every five days! You've already done that!" Nico sighed, frustrated. "Will, you know how you created sunlight just now?" Will nodded. "Well if you do that while we're traveling, the shadows can't touch me, I won't start fading." Will looked thoughtful. "Fine, but if this doesn't work, no shadow traveling for two weeks!" Nico stood up, his muscles warmed. Looking down at his hands, he saw that they were pinkish. They were starting to tingle as the feeling in them returned. Will stood up next to Nico. Nico willed them both to slip into the shadows. Everything went black, and the whispering started again. Suddenly there was a burst of light, and Will was standing there. The whispering stopped. That's when the panic hit them. Nico looked around