Hey guys it's taken me a while to perfect how I wanted this chapter to sound! Please beware there are probably some misspellings and grammar problems, sorry about that. Please enjoy! I own nothing but the plot! Harry Potter characters belong to J. K. Rowling Harry Potter's POV My life has been a bit hectic to say the least; and I'm not talking about my years at Hogwarts or the war...I'm talking about why I'm no longer an honorary Weasley. I have four kids, James, Lilly, Albus, and Valerie. My first three are much older than Val...because I had an affair and little Val was the result...I'm telling it wrong. It all started about eleven years ago when James was seven, Lilly was six, and Albus was five; Ginny was of course their mother and my wife at the time. She worked in the Ministry in the Department for games and sports while I stayed with the kids...It isn't that I couldn't work...I just didn't need to. I wanted to spend time with my family. It's what meant most to me since I could remember...but Ginny never wanted to anymore.I was lonely in a house with three wild kids that barely knew their own mother. So during this I tried to turn to my friends but it was nearly impossible to be civil or just be friends with Ron around. He and Hermione were having problems...they'd been engaged since I got married to Ginny and while Ron would pester Hermione to get a move on with the planning she'd get even more reluctant. Eventually he'd try to drag me into it. "Harry, you and Gin got married right away and you're happy!" "Actually-" "And yet she refuses! It's like she doesn't want to marry me" "She might-" "I mean her clock is ticking and I want kids Harry" "Maybe she doesn't..." "Doesn't what? Every woman wants kids. She'll be fine staying home with them." They'd usually go like that then about two hours after he left Hermione would show up crying...I didn't learn why for a long time. I would just hold her as she sobbed. This went on for months and finally in April i thought I'd get the night off from that. It was my anniversary and I'd made dinner for Gin and I; she was supposed to get home at five so we could have dinner. I thought that night would fix how we'd grown apart over the years...but she didn't come home until midnight and went straight to bed without even looking at what I'd tried to surprise her with. So there I sat. In my candle lit kitchen at midnight alone...until Hermione showed up once again. With tears in her eyes. I let her in, not even thinking twice about it. As we sat at the table she looks at her fingers before saying something I hadn't expected at all. "Happy Anniversary Harry..." "What?" "That's what day it is right?" "Yeah but...Ginny didn't even remember." She sighed and rolled her eyes. "That idiot...she takes you for granted and I hate that." "She's just busy with work..." "If you're too busy with work you hate to remember the day you committed yourself to your love you're an idiot. She doesn't know how amazing you are Harry. Not many men would stay home with their kids. Not many men would cook a beautiful anniversary dinner for their wife then defend her when she doesn't even notice it. She doesn't deserve you Harry." By the time she was done with her tangent she was standing with more tears running down her face. "Hermione, why does this upset you so much?" I asked as she sat back down, shaking with renewed sobs. Hermione shook her head as she cried into her hands, I looked at her for a long moment. "Harry...do you love her?" "What are you talki-" "Do you love her Harry?" She says in a more demanding tone as her eyes finally meet mine. "That doesn't matt-" "Do you love her?!" She shouts and slams her hand on the table. "No. Alright! No I don't love her. I didn't want to be alone so I married her. Why does that fucking matter?! Am I not allowed to be happy Hermione?" She was blank faced for a long moment after I shouted but she stood very suddenly yet still she was a head shorter than me...she grabbed my shirt and pulled me down for a kiss. I was stunned for what seemed like forever so she started to pull back only for me to come to my senses and return the kiss. I was lost in her lips, the feel of her hair, the smell of her perfume in my nose. How had I missed this?! Finally we pull away for air and she is staring up at me with a small shy smile. "So is that...ahem...is that why you won't marry Ron?" "Yes...what do we do?" I didn't know what to say so I kissed her deeply...that ended in a way I hadn't expected...I made love to her...in my kitchen on the counter...she was amazing. When it was done she was glowing...she kissed me softly and we said we'd have coffee the next day after Ginny left for work. She left, practically skipping as she went. And I smiled slightly and cleaned up before laying on the couch...and as I stared up at the ceiling I pictured Hermione in a white wedding gown and walking down the isle...but not toward Ron. To me. Three Weeks Later I had just let the kids out to play in the backyard when for the first time in weeks Hermione came for a visit in tears. We'd kept up our affair...not really thinking about it. But as she cried I suddenly remembered that she was engaged. I had imagined for weeks that it was just me and her. But now with those tears on her cheeks I was brought back to reality. I took her into the den and held her while she sobbed into my shoulder; finally when her sobs had turned to light sniffles I finally asked her what was wrong. I fully expected a rant about Ron to begin but I got three words I didn't think I'd hear again in my adult life. "I'm pregnant Harry." "What? Are you sure?" "I just went to St. Mungos. I am really pregnant...and it dates back to our first...you know...and I haven't slept with Ron since two weeks before then..." "What do you want to do?" "I want to keep it Harry...I won't ask you to step forward...I know you're married to Ginny...but I'm going to keep my baby and I'm going to break it off with Ron...I know you already have three kids Harry, I don't blame you." "Hermione." "I'm moving to my own flat next week. I got one across England." "Hermione" "I'll owl you Harry" "HERMIONE!" She finally paused "Yeah?" "Do you really have to leave?" "Harry, my being pregnant will only raise questions of who the father is. After Ron finds out it's not his he'll be relentless." "You could always lie." "I don't want to lie...but I don't want to cause you trouble either. I know you can't leave her Harry. You love her family too much. And for you I'm willing to let it be...but I am not willing to give Ron as a father to my child. It's just better if I leave..." She smiled in a sad way and kissed my cheek before leaving. I sat there stunned for what seemed like forever but I was brought back to reality when James walked in asking what I was making for dinner. I had gotten up and clumsily made dinner for the kids. When I finally had a moment to myself after they were in bed I was interrupted by Ginny coming in looking tired. "Hey Harry...Mum wants us at dinner on saturday for Ron's birthday. It'll be a surprise so don't go mentioning it." She said tiredly before heading upstairs. Saturday (only two days later) I walked into the Burrow with my kids running ahead laughing and ready to play with their cousins. Ginny was now talking with her mother while I sat on the couch with George. No longer was he the life of the party and with my forlorn demeanor we made quite a pair. We sat there not talking for a good hour before he spoke. "So how's Hermione?" "What?" "Harry. I may not be the brightest but I've seen how you look at each other. I don't blame you with how my sister behaves. I'm betting you know about Dean." "What about him?" "Ginny's been sleeping with him for a month." I'd never thought she was having an affair...I didn't blame her either...well I didn't because I had felt the need as well but I sat there mulling it all over when suddenly Molly dimmed the lights and hushed everyone as the door opened. Not to reveal a grinning and merry Ron but a sour and half drunk one. He stumbled in with a bottle of firewhiskey in his hand. But Molly failed to notice this as she raised the lights and jumped out yelling "Happy Birthday Ronny!" He grunted however and growled "Happy Birthday?! I've never had a worse one." She notices the slur in his speech and the droop in his eye lids and asks "What happened?" "Hermione left me. Some codswallop of not loving me! Stupid woman! I am the best she will ever have!" He shouts to no one in particular. Ginny decided this was the perfect moment to speak up. "Honestly that girl is a right idiot. All she was ever really good for was grades anyway Ronald. I don't know why you stayed with her." I opened my mouth to yell at the two but George's hand on my shoulder stopped me. "Harry...what good will it do other than to scare the kids with all the yelling." I snapped my mouth shut and went to the other room where the kids were playing exploding snap merrily. I played with them and ignored the adults for the rest of the party. As the days turned to weeks the Weasleys save for George began to talk of nothing but Hermione's faults I stopped attending Sunday lunch with them. My children stopped going to Molly's on Fridays. Ginny was the only Weasley other than George I really talked to much and it was usually that she'd be late for dinner or to make sure i do the laundry. And I am sad to admit this but I lived like this for months. Up until Christmas Eve I lived in comfortable silence with my wife and my kids. But I got a letter on Christmas Eve...it held no words but a simple picture. It was a wizard ultrasound...meaning it moved of course. It was of a four month old fetus and hands down I hadn't been this happy since Albus was born. "Harry, my mother owled us again...I don't know why you don't want to go for christmas dinner but we are. I'll see you when I get home. I'm going to go out with Lavender." She left and I was left there with the ultrasound of Hermione's baby...my baby. I sat there stunned for the longest time until I felt a small pull on my sweater sleeve. Lilly stood there with her small face stretched in a toothy grin. "Daddy? Could we set out the biscuits for Father Christmas before we got to bed?" "Of course Lillybug." I helped her pour the milk and set up the decorated biscuits on a reindeer plate. With that I sent her and her brothers off to bed and once they were asleep I thought about rushing to find Hermione. But I didn't...I couldn't leave Albus, James, and Lilly alone with Ginny. I refused to. So I wrote Hermione