Disclaimer: I make no profit from this piece of work. Cover credits go to Numyumy. Prologue Pvt. Johnson woke up that morning not feeling particularly chipper. He had been stationed over Little Whinging for over four months now and, although he didn't hate it, the small town was the most peaceful (read boring) place he ever set foot in his admittedly short life. Now don't get me wrong, Johnson wasn't in any particular hurry to be welcomed onto the battlefield by a stray bullet, no sir thanks but no thanks. But you see, before joining His Majesty's Armed Forces, Johnson had fancied himself a man of action – or ill-breed boy, the Miss at the school would say – and dreamed constantly of partaking in glorious battles and daring rescues, away triumphing over the legions of the Usurper. And so he had not thought twice about enlisting as soon as he got of age, if against the protests of his mother. But four months on guard duty and the most exciting thing he had seen was an almost car crash on one of the busier days, on which the drivers got out and promptly apologized to each other in an overly polite way. And that was his life in the military. A far cry from storming the Usurper's castle holding only a knife with his teeth, true, but what's a bloke to do? He chuckled, laughing at his own joke, while chewing on... whatever they served on the mess hall, almost spilling it. Besides him Pvt. Bryce gave him a look, raising his brow. Bryce had been his shift mate for at least ten weeks now. Johnson couldn't say he was unsatisfied with the arrangement (his ex-partner Clinton had been a dick), the blonde soldier was an agreeable fellow, if one could excuse his eternal cheerfulness. In fact, Bryce's liveliness had only gone up over the past few days, having found a local girl to gallivant around on his breaks. True, Johnson had thought of doing the same in the beginning, but his plans were utterly crushed when the Sargent seemed to take a liking to him and relished in any opportunity to punish the younger soldier. Johnson had sighed in resignation, shrugging at it. Nowdays it looked like he could hardly take a step without his superior breathing down his neck. "Oi, you alright there mate?" Bryce asked, taking a break from whatever he had been saying before. Johnson muttered something under his breath to dismiss his partner. Bryce seemed to understand he was in one of those moods and decided to leave him alone. Unfornantely, not for long. Pretty soon Johnson ears were being abused again as the other male, having finished his breakfast, resumed his speech on the Tales Of All And Every Thing On The Life Of Colbert Bryce. He didn't mind, really he didn't, silence was just was bad sometimes if he was being honest. So it was after finishing his plate of disgusting nutritious food, gathering his gear, being yelled at by the Sargent and having to start the old jeep three times, Johnson and Bryce finally left the base for another exciting eight hours of watching the neighborhood of Little Whinging. He didn't make to the first corner before sighting the confirmation that it definitely wasn't one of his days. A group of strange people were on and about blocking the street, not so quite whispering excitedly together. All in clocks of different colors. Johnson, though free spirited, never saw himself as a rebellious youth. He didn't buy into the alternative sense of fashion other teenagers had favored back on his time. Yet he couldn't say he was ignorant to all the new and inventive getups they would come up with every few years and, frankly, he didn't give a damn, they could dress up for all he cared. But obstructing streets for their weird collections was just plain rude, if someone asked him. Containing his increasing annoyance, he honked his way through the bodies, promising himself he'd just run over them if they didn't move fast enough. To Johnson's surprise, now that he took a closer look, more than a few of his obstructors turned out to be not the youngsters he imagined; that guy's beard had to be reaching his chest, he must have been as old as his dad! "...yes murdered…" "...incredible… " "...all by himself ..." "...Black did it, you say?…" "...is it over? It's over r-right?..." Fragments of their quiet conversation made it to him through his unrelenting hoking. He did not hear of any murders that morning, but he guessed it was still early, so maybe he would catch wind of it later from the radio. Perhaps that was why all these weird folks were making a ruckus, someone they knew was killed? Deciding it didn't matter – God knew someone was always being killed somewhere these days – he pushed it out of his mind and focused on getting through the crowd. The rest of the trip to the post was thankfully uneventful, save for an unnatural amount of owls swooping past. Johnson was intrigued, but ultimately attributed it to the overall weirdness of the day. It was just one of those, he knew. He sat down on the watching booth, tuned his pocket radio on the sports station and let his mind go numb. Along the day he spotted more of those weird fellas in clocks. Curiosity almost compelled him to stop and question one of them, but the broadcaster was just about to announce the results for the junior league and he actually was looking forward to hearing those. It was much later, almost by sundown, that he spotted Bryce coming from his own cabin across the street, with the usual sheepish grin he carried every time he wanted to make one of his escapades to visit his bird. "Hey there partner," Bryce said, scratching his neck awkwardly, "you got any plans for this evening?" "You can go see your lass, it's all good over here." Johnson chuckled. "Cheers mate," the blonde lauded, already turning to leave. He turned one last time before adding, "I'll pay you back when you find yours." Johnson just shook his head, smiling despite himself, "Sure thing, Bryce". But Bryce was already gone. Good thing they had been assigned to a place as peaceful as Little Whinging and no one ever checked on them. The Sargent surely would have a field day if he learned of one of them neglecting their duties. Hell, best he not even dream of it. Johnson shuddered at the thought and went back to his radio. Later, he was browsing through the stations when the evening news caught his attention: "...and more on our latest news about the sudden death of the Usurper. If you happen to have turned us on right now, the Usurper and a significant part of his court were found dead this morning in his ancestral residence. Although there have been attempts to hush the spread of information, our sources point out that property damage was quite significant. Yet no declaration has come from Camelot, either to take responsibility for the attack or to comment on the event. We've invited Professor Durrant Coke, PhD and Political Science Professor at the University College London, to talk more about this issue. Good evening Professor, what do you think this could mean for the war effort from now on?" "Good evening Tom, thank you for inviting me. I believe this spells an end for the pretenders' campaign now that the head of the snake is no longer attached to the body, so to speak. We have seen such cases many times before and with prime examples this very century in Hitler and Mussolini. For all intents and purposes we can consider this civil war to be over. I would say we can expect an official treaty for end of hostilities in a few days at most, even more considering..." Johnson sat frozen on his plastic chair. The war was over. The Usurper was dead. Was that what the cloaks were talking about earlier? But these thoughts were mostly drown by the conflicting feelings spreading inside him. On one hand, he was glad a ten year old war was finally coming to and end and, of course, he wouldn't be dying by way of any stray bullets. On the other, he wouldn't come anywhere near stray bullets to begin with! Where was the action?! The glory?! He sighed; at least his mother would be happy in a few weeks when he'd return home after decommission. The fireworks started some time after that and went on for awhile – not that many though, there was still the fear the rebels would just keep going without their so-called king, but not enough to not allow the people to breath a little easier now. He checked his pulse watch; Bryce was usually back at that time. He and his girlfriend had probably caught air of the news and decided to extended their evening liaison. Surely there must have been some festivities going on at the bars downtown. Johnson hoped he would remember to come back the end of their shift; he wouldn't like to have to ask the next guys to keep quiet about that. He noticed someone approaching the gate. It was of those people with cloaks (purple at that!), a tall, thin old man with very long silver hair and beard. He appeared to be caring a bundle of blankets. Johnson moved to meet the stranger over the fence. Up close he could see how old the man truly was; winkles could be seen over most of the skin that wasn't covered by his beard. A long and croaked nose served as support for small half-moon spectacles. Still, his blue eyes sparkled brightly, giving him a much younger air than his appearance would otherwise indicate. Johnson found the man oddly familiar, but couldn't quite place him. "Good evening sir, can I help you?" "Good evening. Beautiful night, isn't it?" the man said jovially. Johnson nodded, agreeing. The stranger continued, even more excitedly, if that was possible, "you wouldn't be interested in opening this gate for me, would you? Johnson stared flatly, "Can I see your documents?" "Oh right, just a moment please," the man started rummaging in his loose clothes with his free hand. Johnson took that moment to better inspect the bundle of blankets. Through a gap it could be seen a mess of black over pink; something that, quite honestly, could only be the head of a- "Sir, is that a baby?" but the next second there was no baby and Johnson had no recollection there ever was one. "Alright, I believe those are what you asked for?" the old man handed a huddle of crumpled papers. Johnson gave them a once-over. They appeared okay, the stranger apparently lived down one of the streets for something close to twenty years now. He looked septically one more time at the smiling man before moving to open the gate. "Thank you, young man, I am just dying to get home and rest these old bones in a nice warm bath," he said in his ever genial voice. "It was no problem, Mr. Glover, have a good one. Long live the King." he closed the fence again. "And Praise be the Holy Sword!" exclaimed Mr. Glover, again over excitedly. At least someone seemed to be really enjoying himself. "And nice business with the war if I do say so myself. I knew you all had it in you." Johnson said nothing, but gave him a wry smile. Just as well, as the man had already resumed his walk down the lane on a brisk gait. Later, Pvt. Bryce would return from his vagrancy, thankfully not smelling too strongly of liquor. He would tell Pvt. Johnson everything about his evening with the lass with the nicely shaped