A/N: This is a Bella/Jacob story.For the record, I am Team Edward all the way. I do, however believe that Jacob is a great guy. He does deserve a lot more credit the Edward fans give him. Which is why I decided to write this story. It was inspired by Hinder's Without You. I have ideas to expand on it but it could stand alone as a one shot. I'll let you guys read it and tell me what you want me to do. And forgive me, I'm unsure of the time line between Edward's leaving in New Moon and Bella's graduating in Eclipse. So please forgive me if I'm a few months off. Also, so there's no confusion. The story starts four months after the cliff diving incident. Alice never came back and Bella let herself love Jacob. Dear Diary, It's been nine months since Edward left me. And four since I finally gave in and allowed myself to love Jacob. To tell the truth, I couldn't be happier. I'm not saying that I don't miss the Cullens or anything because I do. I'm just saying that thinking about Edward doesn't send pain through the gaping whole in my heart anymore. In fact, Jacob has done a wonderful job of filling the whole. There is a little pain from time to time. Edward was, after all, my first love. That doesn't go away. That pain, however is managable. Whenever I start feeling it, I just have to remind myself what I've got because he left. There's Jacob, of course, he is the most amazing man I could ask for. I enjoy the fact that I don't always feel like I'm comparing myself to Jake. I feel like he is my equal in every way. He protects but not in the same way Edward did. He was always too protective. Jake respected my right to know things and do things, even if he thought they were dangerous. I'm not saying he let's me put my life in danger. He just doesn't scoff at everything that has the potential to be dangerous to me. Then there's Emily. Over the past four months she's become like a best friend and sister to me. Sort of like Alice was. Not that she's replacing Alice. If the Cullens ever come back, there will be plenty of room in my heart for both of them. I do, however enjoy Emily's company a little more. Unlike Alice, she never tried to force me to go shopping or play dress up. She was perfectly content to just sit and have girl talk or watch a movie. Sam had become the older brother I had always wanted. He did whatever he could for me. He was there for me the first and only time my Edward drawer came open. I didn't want to hurt Jacob to see me like that so Sam held me while I cried it out. Those were the last tears I shed for Edward Cullen. Like I said, with my new family, I didn't feel the need to cry over him anymore. And yes, I do count the pack as part of that family. They were like the annoying, overprotective little brothers, I didn't want. I was glad for them, though. They made me happier when I was around them. The entire pack took care of me when I really needed them. I didn't think I could've gotten this far without them. Their all coming to the ceremony tomorrow. That's right, I'm graduating tomorrow. I'm so proud of myself. School was the hardest thing for me to get through without Edward. It was hard to go to class without him but once I began to concentrate more on my studies and less on him, I did really well. In fact, I'm graduating validictorian. It also had a lot to do with Jake. He pushed me to do the best I could in every class. He also insisted that I not go see him after school until I finished my work every night. The torture paid off. I even have enough scholarship money to go to whatever college I want. I think I"m going to take some time off first. I'm still trying to figure out what I want to do with the rest of my life. I figure, I'll get a job and travel. Maybe move back to Pheonix with my mom for awhile. I don't know. I have so many options that I don't think I want to tie myself to one thing. I'm just going to take things a day at a time. Well, it's getting late. I think I'm going to go to bed. Big day tomorrow. Bella I closed the diary Jacob had given me as an early graduation present. My old one had too much stuff about Edward in it so I chucked it. I laid it on the table next to my bed. My room was a little chilly so I walked over to close the window. I pulled it closed and noticed a big dark shape running across the front lawn. I laughed at my brothers' over protective behavior. Victoria was long dead but they all still instead patrolling my house at night. I shivered as I remembered the day Victoria was destroyed. FLASHBACK It was about a month after the cliff diving incident. A month after I decided to give my heart and soul to Jacob. I was much happy because of it. Jacob was quickly repairing the Edward hole. To be honest, at that point, I sometimes enjoyed Jake's company more than I did Edward's. We were laying on the cliff, talking about random unimportant stuff. Somehow we ended up kissing. Kissing Jake was the most amazing thing in the world. It was like fireworks and an Hallelujiah chorus in my head. I enjoyed kissing him more than Edward too. I didn't have to hold anything back. I could put all the emotion that I was feeling into it. I loved that part of our relationship. We still had to be careful but I was able to do things with Jake that Edward would've deemed dangerous. (A/N: No sex, though.) All of a sudden, I felt Jake start trembling. I had enough experience with him by now to know to roll away at that point. "Jake, what is it?" I asked. "Victoria." he said. I gulped. "I want you to run back to your truck, as fast as possible. Then drive to my house and stay inside until I come get you." "No way, Jake." I argued. "I'm not letting you fight her alone!" "I won't be alone for long. Now go!" he yelled. I was about to protest when I heard a growl coming from the trees to my left. I whipped my head in that direction and saw Victoria coming out of the trees. I looked back to Jacob but instead of my boyfriend, there was a dark russet wolf standing in front of me. He looked at me and let out a growl. I knew it wasn't meant to scare me. He was telling me to get going. I waited until Victoria's attention was completely focused on Jacob before I took off into the woods. I prayed the others would make it before it was too late. I ran for a few minutes before three more wolves came into view. I had spent enough time with them by now, to know which ones were which. These three were Quil, Embry, and Sam. The stopped in front of me. I had a feeling Jake wanted them to get me to safety. I wouldn't have it. He needed them. "Help him!" I yelled and pointed in the direction of the cliff. They looked at each other for a moment then Sam nodded at me. They took off to help Jake. I continued running towards my truck. I didn't even see the tree root that my foot got stuck in. I hit my head on the edge of a rock and everything went black. END FLASHBACK The next thing I remember was waking up in Jacob's warm embrace. We were laying in his bed. He laughed at how easy Vicotoria's destruction was. Apparently, she was so intent on Jacob that she didn't even noticed the others sneak up behind her. From there it was a simple matter of ripping her limbs apart and burning them. He laughed at how he was the one who fought a deadly vampire and I was the one to get hurt. I actually laughed with him. I curled up in the bed staring up at the ceiling. A feeling of peace washed over me as I fell into a restful sleep. My nightmares slowly went away after I started dating Jacob. Another thing I'm grateful to him for. The next morning I woke up and grabbed my bag of toiletries. I knew I had most of the day but I thought I deserved a nice bubble bath after all the hard work I put into graduating. I laid in the warm bubbly water for almost an hour before I started to clean myself off. It was a nice relaxing feeling. Once finished, I wrapped myself in a towel and made my way to my room. I opened my closet examining my clothes. This was one of those days where I missed Alice even more. As much as I hated her overenthusiastic attitude about fashion and playing Bella Barbie, she had a knack for making me look my best when I needed it most. I sighed as I finally decided on my khaki skirt (The only one I owned.), with my favorite red blouse and a pair of white dressy sandles with a half inch heel. I put on the locket that Jacob had given me for our three month anniversary. I blow dried and straightened my hair. I had only ever done that once with Alice. We wanted to know what it would look like straight. I had decided that I liked it but it was too much of a hassle to do on a regular basis. I figured this special occassion warranted it. I applied some make up and looked myself up and down in the mirror. For once in my life, I actual looked very pretty. I smiled to myself as I grabbed my cap and gown, stuffed the note cards that contained my speech in my pocket and headed downstairs to make sure that Charlie was ready. I ran into him on the last step. "Perfect timing Bells." he chuckled. "I was just coming to see if you were ready." "Yes, I am." I said. "You look good dad." He was wearing a pair of black dress pants with a white collared button down shirt. He even put on dress shoes. I was very impressed. I got my hate for dressing up from him. "You look beautiful." he replied. I blushed. "Thanks, dad." I said. I looked around the living room. Jacob's was late. "Jake's not here yet?" "Oh, he called while you were getting ready. He said that something came it. He and Billy are going to meet us at the school." Charlie stated. My heart started beating a little faster. Something came up. There was only one thing that he would allow to make him late today. Vampires. I didn't know details. I needed to know how many. If they were that much of a threat. Mostly though, I needed to know if I should be worried about my new family. I fumbled in my purse until my hand closed around the cell phone. I started punching in Jake's number and looked at Charlie. "Dad, you can go to the car. I just wanna make sure that everything's okay." I said putting the phone to my ear. He looked at me for a minute then walked out the door. I got several rings but no