The Midnight Angel Will couldn't stop staring. And sure maybe he looked creepy as fuck, but right now he didn't care. He was positive someone had managed to glue his eyes to the boy across the library, and he was torn between punching them in the face and giving them a medal. The sketchpad in his hands started trembling. Will Solace was a university art student and he had a final project coming up. He'd spent the best part of his morning banging his head against his desk in frustration because there was literally nothing to draw for this huge assignment. It was due in a week, too, and he hadn't even started. The object of his task was to create a character log folder, complete with portraits from all angles, drawings in various styles, a canvas painting and an evaluation. It had sounded easy enough when he'd gotten it, but as soon as Will had sat down to start drawing, he'd hit a wall and then hit the table. But now he'd seen this guy, Will could genuinely visualise the curves of pen lines he'd use and what shades of colour he'd splash onto the canvas he needed to do. Or more accurately, what shades of black. He looked sort of punkish, but that might have just been all the dark colours he had going on. His messy jet black hair was pulled into a tiny little pony tail at the nape of his neck, and he was wearing dark skinny jeans with combat boots and a grey singlet with a huge black wing on it, artfully done with feathers soaring across the fabric. There was a hoodie draped over the chair he was on, and his skin was a pale milk colour. From this distance, Will could just make out dark lashes and gorgeous, black-brown eyes. And that was when he realised that the beautiful boy was looking directly at him, unblinkingly, and Will felt his face heat up to extreme temperatures. Oh, you are dead now, Solace, he gulped. Closing his eyes and praying to whatever gods there were, Will approached the table the boy was at. He noticed scattered papers crumpled into balls and the illegible scrawl all over the stranger's binder. The words inside the open folder were just as unreadable, but then, Will had dyslexia. "U-Uh," he started, really smoothly. The black haired boy suddenly looked away and Will noticed a light dusting of pink on his cheeks. What…? "Sorry," the pretty stranger said softly, and Will started. "What for?" he asked. The boy raised an eyebrow at him. "I was staring," he said, because it was obvious, he had been, but so had Will. The art student smiled sheepishly. "Ah well, I was… too…" he said awkwardly. There was silence from both parties as Will thought about what to say. "Okay so here's the sitch," he began. "I have a gigantic log folder due in a week and you are literally all the inspiration I've been able to find since I got the stupid assignment so just sit there and let me sketch you?" The boy looked taken aback as Will dumped his book on the table, opened it and grabbed the pencil he'd been keeping behind his ear. "You're an art student?" he asked, and Will nodded. The boy suddenly looked like someone had sparked a circuit in his brain and he hurriedly scrawled something, all the while staring at Will. "I'm a literary student," he said, still writing and staring, not even watching what he was doing, "and I'm in the same boat as you but with a writing character log." He suddenly looked shy. "D-Do you mind if I… you know… use you?" Will leaned back in his chair and grinned. "We seem to have come to an agreement," he decided. "Let's do it." … -… The boy's name was Nico di Angelo, and he was Will's age. When Will had heard that he'd almost blown a fuse and ripped his notebook open, hurriedly drawing across his first picture of Nico and adding something to it. When he'd finished, he turned his pad around to show the other boy, and watched as his ears went red at the sight of a beautiful pencil sketch of Nico with wings. It took a little longer for Nico to share his work with Will, but when he did, the blond was blown away. He glanced at the notes Nico had made during his observations of Will, and he'd obviously looked closely because there were lines and lines of little dot pointed records of some of Will's habits, and what he looked like, and how he looked when he was concentrated on his art. When Will got to the canvas painting he had to do, he decided he needed something raw. Nico had been able to watch him and note down his quirks, and now Will wanted a genuine work of the other boy when he didn't know he was being observed. So began the stalking. Or, as Will preferred thinking of it, careful and detailed research. … -… Will found his literary target outside at two in the morning. No, he hadn't been following Nico all day just for a moment where the black haired boy was alone and had let his guard down. Of course not. He'd simply been accidentally walking by. At two am. On a weeknight. Whatever kind of lies Will told himself though, the overall result was worth it, because sitting at the base of the largest tree on campus was a brooding Nico di Angelo in his most vulnerable state. He looked sort of dead. One of his legs was drawn up, ever-present black skinny jeans causing a formless shadow in the moonlight. The other was stretched out along the ground, a sketchpad and worn-down whiteout tape dispenser beside it. In his hand he was twirling a blue biro. The rest of Nico was against the tree, his head tipped back and his hair sticking up in all directions, like he'd tried sleeping in one of the branches. His features were delicately sharp in the cutting silver moon's shine, and his eyes were half closed and staring off into the distance. Will changed his mind. Nico didn't look dead. Nico looked like the godly depiction of a fallen angel who was missing his heavenly life but was too stubborn to go back. Sitting down in the shadow of a fire hydrant with a small flashlight in his mouth, Will put pencil to paper and started. … -… Back in his room at five the same morning, Will tiredly downed two double-shot coffees before putting his draft sketch against a blank easel. He then dragged out the largest canvas he had and pinned the pencil drawing beside it before rubbing his hands and getting out his paints. Putting a brush in his mouth as he mixed hues, Will studied the sketch he'd done a few hours before. Nico hadn't noticed him there, and Will had managed to get one of the best draft pictures he'd ever had just because of that. Nico had only moved once, and that was to robotically jot down a single note on his pad. Will wondered what he'd written. Picking up another pencil, Will started the outline for his canvas painting. … -… "Well done, Mr Solace!" Will's professor patted him heartily on the back as his art class clapped and whistled. He grinned. "Your piece has been selected to be presented at the annual Creative Arts collaboration this year." Professor Chiron told him. Chiron was the head of the Arts at the college, and he'd come to Will's lecture to announce that his assignment had been selected for display this year. Will almost cried he was so happy. Will hadn't shown Nico his canvas painting. After he'd finished, he and the literature student had only met up twice more: for Will to complete his charcoal piece and the evaluation, and for Nico to finish up whatever it was he had been doing. He'd been even more secretive about his work, which made Will worry. They'd become quite good friends, after all. But now that he was finished his assessment, Will wanted to show Nico what he'd inspired. He'd invite him to the Arts festival if he wasn't going already, and if he was… Will wanted Nico to go with him. "We should set up your exhibit this afternoon," Chiron was saying. "That way, it'll be ready for the beginning of the show tomorrow." Will nodded, but his mind was a thousand miles away. … -… After setting up all his work, Will headed in the direction of the largest tree on campus, hoping Nico would follow his pattern of being there in the afternoons. When the art student arrived, he smiled at the sight of the black haired boy leaning against the trunk. Nico looked over as Will approached. "Hey, Nico!" he greeted, and Nico gave him a small smile in response. Will felt a small heat on his cheeks. "Hi, Will," Nico replied, sliding down the tree to sit on the ground. Will followed suit, tucking his legs up and crossing them before leaning forward earnestly. "So the Creative Arts display is on tomorrow," he started, "and I want you to go with me." Nico's head snapped up to look at him, his mouth open slightly in surprise. "What?" he asked. Will waved his hands vaguely in the air. "Would you like to go with me?" he repeated. "I'll buy you coffee so the morning isn't too terrible." Nico scowled at him, but he didn't mean it. Glancing down at his fiddling hands, the literature student nodded. "Okay." "Great!" Will clapped and grinned at the smaller boy. "I'll come by your dorm at nine, check?" "You don't know where my dorm is," Nico pointed out. Will made a face. "Well then can you tell me?" Nico sighed like a long-suffering parent before tearing a bit of paper out of his ever-present binder and writing something on it in large letters, accommodating Will's dyslexia. He then handed the ripped piece to Will before getting to his feet. "Block 13," Will read. "Floor Two, door number sixty-six?" Nico nodded. "Yeah." "Do you have a roommate?" Will asked. Nico shook his head. "Okay then!" Pocketing the bit of paper, Will got up too and grinned at the literature student. "I'll be by around eight-thirty with a black coffee and two sugars." Nico looked down at the ground and scuffed some of the grass, blushing pink. Will's face started to hurt from smiling so wide and he ruffled the smaller boy's hair before flouncing away and yelling over his shoulder. "It's a date, then!" … -… True to his word, Will was outside Nico's door at eight twenty-five holding two coffees – one black, the other a latte – with a few sachets of sugar tangled in his fingers. He was early, mulling over a few things as he stared at Nico's door. Somehow, the little black haired lit student who spoke sparingly and didn't go into the sun enough had managed to worm into his heart like a parasite. But that wasn't the problem. The problem was that if Nico was parasite and he decided to infect Will, Will wasn't entirely sure he would care. What had started as a get-out-of-jail-free card in the form of a gorgeous stranger in the library had turned into a 'I got out of one jail and now I'm stuck in another' kind of situation where he didn't fail his assignment, but now he had a crush on his ticket out. Will hit his forehead on the door in frustration. He wasn't good with keeping his feelings a secret. He'd have to tell Nico eventually and then where would that land him? The fact that he was already finding it hard to keep his mouth shut was a problem