The continuation of Wyatt and his adventures! I really like this one, so I did my best on it, so I would appreciate it, if you left a review on this. Alright, that's enough, Please enjoy this chapter :D My father was absolutely useless! He told me that my siblings were in a dark castle, and that they used to be in the Lotus Hotel and Casino. I asked him where they were, like their exact location, of course like all the gods! He told me I had to do this one on my own…You're the god of the underworld, so what if you help me? What will happen to you? Nothing! And the same applies to me. So why the hell does he not tell me where they are? Whatever. Forget about that, all the gods are useless when it comes to giving information to their children. Anyway, it's been six months since I found out some interesting news…Thalia, the daughter of Zeus is alive. When I got back to camp, three months after I had my little chat with Kronos. I met her, at first I didn't know who she was, that is until…She brought out a rather scary shield. We talked for a bit, she told me that all she remembered was that she was trying to distract those Cyclopes so her friends could get away, it worked, but it also cost her, her life to protect her friends. She said she would gladly die for them. But when she found out about Luke...That was something alright, she was silent for a whole minute, and then she got mad and activated her shield, and then she was sad and then she got mad again, but after a while she calmed down, interesting girl. Anyway, it's been a whole six months of searching for my siblings and still no luck, I was almost done with looking for them, but then Percy asked me something rather interesting. "Grover told sent me a distress call, not sure what it is, but he needs help and we should hurry I want you to come, maybe we'll be able to get them and come straight back to camp." I told him that I would go with him, but I won't be getting in a car with them. Instead I'll be flying above them. I wonder what it is Grover found? Percy's mom picked up Annabeth and Thalia on their way to Westover Hall a new boarding school. This place was filled with snow, and this school looked like a dark mysterious castle. Anyway, it took us eight hours to get here, after what happened seven months ago, I decided to train and look for my siblings from time to time. I don't get as tired as I used to, but eight hours? Anyone would get tired. Anyway we were now at the place we needed to be at, Percy, Annabeth and Thalia, got out of Percy's mom's car and got their stuff, I landed right beside them. Thalia still hasn't gotten used to me flying, teleporting and being the God of mortals. In fact, she didn't believe me when I first told her. She told me to prove it, a lot of campers told her to just believe it, because the last time someone didn't believe me…Well…Let's say everyone in camp don't like it when I freeze them in place. Thalia said, "Fine. Then just show me something else." I sighed and showed her my power over non-living objects, I grabbed whatever was nearby and made it float ten feet off the ground, and I decided to fly too. And from then on, Thalia has looked at me differently, but having those intense blue eyes on me all the time is kind of…off putting. When I landed, Percy's mom said hello, I of course said hello back, since I've never met or talked with Percy's mom. She noticed I came from the sky, so she asked me something kind of funny, "Son of Zeus?" I tilted my head and smirked, "What?" There was an awkward silence, but I said, "No, I'm a son of Hades. I'm able to fly because I was born with more powers then others." I didn't want to explain everything to her. "Anyway, I'm Wyatt Knight, nice to meet you." She smiled, "What a nice boy, I'm Sally Jackson, nice to meet you too." She said kindly and looked at Percy, "All right, dears, do you have everything you need?" "Yes, Ms. Jackson," Thalia said. "Thanks for the ride." Ms. Jackson looked at me, "Don't you a winter jacket or something?" She asked, I laughed, "No, I'm also able to stay warm in places like this, so I'm good." I told her. Once again she was speechless, "Alright...P-Percy, do you have your ambrosia and nectar? And a golden drachma in case you need to contact camp?" She worries too much, this kid can handle himself. "Mom, seriously! We'll be fine. Come on, guys." Percy said impatiently, his mom looked a little hurt, Percy walked away and the other two followed, "Don't worry Ms. Jackson, Annabeth and I, will watch over him." I told her reassuringly. She seemed to look more relaxed, "Thank you, Wyatt." She said and rolled up her window, I waved and followed Percy and the others. They were waiting at the top of the stairs where a set of huge double doors were. I caught up with them, "Let's do this." I said excitedly. The oak doors groaned open, and the four of us stepped into the entry hall in a swirl of snow. This place was huge, sure on the outside it still looked pretty big, but the inside…It seems to be a lot roomier than I thought. I mean, the walls were lined with battle flags and weapon displays: antique rifles, battle axes, and a bunch of other stuff. I mean, I knew Westover was a military school and all, but the decorations seemed like overkill. Literally. I got to say I like it…But come one, these are just kids, leave a few up and take a lot of them down, you don't need to intimidate these kids. Probably. I depends on if these kids were sent here for their bad behavior or something like that. Anyway this place felt weird, I could feel danger for miles, but there's something here, a monster or something. I'm not sure but everyone else was thinking the same thing. Percy was ready to reach in his packet to grab his pen/sword, and Thalia was rubbing her silver bracelet. Annabeth started to say, "I wonder where—" The doors slammed shut behind us. "Oo-kay," Percy mumbled. "Guess we'll stay awhile." Down the hall, music was playing, maybe a party? I've never been to school, so I don't know what this school is doing. Percy and the others stashed their overnight bags behind a pillar and then we started down the hall. We hadn't gone very far because we heard footsteps on the stone floor behind us, we looked back and saw a man and woman, they marched out of the shadows to intercept us. They both had short gray hair and black military-style uniforms with red trim. The woman had a wispy mustache, and the guy was clean-shaven, which seemed kind of backward to me. They both walked stiffly, like they had broomsticks taped to their spines. So this is what they call proper walking? "Well?" the woman demanded. "What are you doing here?" The corner of my mouth twitched, mortals…Some of them I will never like. "Um…" Percy looked like he was ready to panic, "Ma'am, we're just—" "Ha!" the man snapped, which made us jump. "Visitors are not allowed at the dance! You shall be eee-jected!" The way he spoke made me want to just slap him across the face, what kind of accent is that? This guy was tall, with a hawkish face. His nostrils flared when he spoke, which made it really hard not to stare up his nose, and his eyes were two different colors—one brown and one blue. I honestly didn't know what to do, but Thalia on the other hand…She did something pretty weird. Well it's better than what we were doing…Nothing. She stepped forward and snapped her fingers. The sound was sharp and loud. Maybe it was just my imagination, but I felt a gust of wind ripple out from her hand, across the room. It washed over all of us, making the banners rustle on the walls. "Oh, but we're not visitors, sir," Thalia said. "We go to school here. You remember: I'm Thalia. And this is Annabeth, Wyatt and Percy. We're in the eighth grade." The male teacher narrowed his two-colored eyes. I didn't know what Thalia was thinking. Now we'd probably get punished for lying and thrown into the snow, not that they could throw me in the snow. But the man seemed to be hesitating. He looked at his colleague. "Ms. Gottschalk, do you know these students?" "Ms. Got what?" I asked, the man narrowed his eyes at me, he didn't say anything. I looked at the woman, she blinked, like someone had just woken her up from a trance. "I… yes. I believe I do, sir." She frowned at us. "Annabeth. Thalia. Wyatt and Percy. What are you doing away from the gymnasium?" No way… Before we could answer, I heard more footsteps, and Grover ran up, breathless. "You made it! You—" He stopped short when he saw the teachers. "Oh, Mrs. Gottschalk. Dr. Thorn! I, uh—" "What is it, Mr. Underwood?" said the man. His tone made it clear that he detested Grover. "What do you mean, they made it? These students live here." Dr. Thorn glared at us. He looked like he wanted to pitch us off the castle's highest tower. Grover swallowed. "Yes, sir. Of course, Dr. Thorn. I just meant, I'm so glad they made… the punch for the dance! The punch is great. And they made it!" Mrs. Gottschalk said dreamily, "Yes, the punch is excellent. Now run along, all of you. You are not to leave the gymnasium again!" We didn't wait to be told twice. We left with a lot of "Yes, ma'am's" and "Yes, sirs" and a couple of salutes, just because it seemed like the thing to do. Grover started down the hall, we followed him. I walked up to Grover, "Hey, what's up man? Why'd you send Percy a distress call?" I asked him quietly. He leaned in, "I found two." He said. "Two?-" "Two half-bloods?" Thalia asked, amazed. "Here?" Grover nodded, "A brother and a sister," he said. "They're ten and twelve. I don't know their parentage, but they're strong. We're running out of time, though. I need help." "Well good thing we're here, huh?" I asked. Grover nodded in agreement, "Thank the gods you got here!" Annabeth and Thalia hugged Grover, Percy gave him a high five. "So what's keeping you from bringing them to Camp? Is it monsters?" Percy asked. Grover nodded, "One." Grover looked nervous. "He suspects that they might be half-bloods. But I don't think he's positive yet, and also this is the last day of term. I'm sure he won't let them leave campus without finding out. It may be our last chance! Every time I try to get close to them, he's always there, blocking me. I don't know what to do!" Grover looked to Thalia, makes sense, she is the oldest of us. "Right," Thalia said. "These half-bloods are at the dance?" Grover nodded. "Then let's dance," Thalia said. "Who's the monster?" "Oh," Grover said, and looked around nervously. "You just met him. The vice principal, Dr. Thorn." Grover led us to the Gym, the music was loud but we entered anyway, I looked around there were black and red balloons all over the gym floor, and guys were kicking them in each other's faces, or trying