Title: Of Fire and Stars (Part 1) Author: Ro Rating: R (for extreme violence, in later chapters) Warnings: Major Gimli Angst Archive: If you want it you got it Disclaimer: I'm not making any profit off this. With the exception of a few of the original characters, Gimli and all the other characters belong to J.R.R. Tolkien (who's probably spinning in his grave as we speak). Summary: Gandalf comes across Beorn on his way to the Lonely Mountain, and Beorn shows him something he's found in the woods. Takes place during 'The Hobbit', a story about a certain Dwarf, that would later become one of the Nine Walkers. His past and the hardships that he's had to endure. Notes: This is a 'book verse' fic and not a 'movie verse' fic. I'm trying to stay in 'canon' as much as possible with this fic, but since Tolkien told us so little about Dwarven society, I'm adding my own speculations. I'm also stretching Tolkien's whole Dwarves only love once thing. I do think Dwarves only fall in love once and once they find that someone they won't settle for anyone else. But until then (like most guys) all bets are off. Sex is not Love, it can be a major part of it but the act itself is not love. Big thanks to my wonderful beta reader Morrighan and all her helpful nit-picking ~_^. More Notes: If you find yourself saying "I don't think it happened that way!". Well, then go do your own. This is only one version and there is a crying need for more Gimli centric fics ~_^. Newly added notes: A huge thank you to Little My, for double beta-reading this chapter and really cleaning it up! *sigh* I think I'm in love ^_^! ~~~ "Something Unexpected" ~~~ It was early dawn as a tall figure with a staff made its way on a path through the trees of Mirkwood. He walked swiftly, for he still had a ways to go and his mission was important, and, more to the point, he was incredibly hungry. If he hurried he would be able to spare a little time with the Elves to rest a while and get something for his gnawing stomach. Pulling his dark cloak tighter about himself to ward against the early morning chill, Gandalf cursed not for the first time his lack of a horse as he walked briskly towards the Lonely Mountain. And more specifically, towards the camp of the Elves and Lake Men waiting to lay siege to the mountain. He would have to hurry for he brought tidings from the north of the massing of a Goblin army that was already on its way. He also needed to check up on Thorin's company, not to mention watch out for little Bilbo in the coming battle. Confound it! How that party got into such mischief with him not there! he snorted to himself. "If it's not trolls, or getting lost, it's instigating a war!" he grumbled aloud. He'd heard from some Elves (for Elves are always ones for gossip and the latest news) that the Elven King's greed had gotten the better of him and he had taken an army to the Lonely Mountain for a share of the treasure. He had taken not only two of his older sons but also his youngest to this battle, obviously thinking it would be a good experience for the young archer. "As if I need more to worry about!" he groused to himself. The young Elf's part in the tapestry of Middle Earth did not come into play yet, and would not for many years. Gandalf could not explain it but something told him, a feeling in his marrow, that Thranduil's child would play a key role in a coming storm that grew, even now, unknown to all except a few such as himself. A dark storm that would change Middle Earth and shape its destiny. And he had made it his prerogative to look out for these key players in that coming destiny, and hope they managed to stay alive to fulfill it. Luckily for Gandalf a few of those key players were not even born yet. But for now his main concern was the coming battle and stopping those fool Men, Elves, and soon-to-arrive Dwarves (from the Iron Hills, not Thorin and Company) from destroying each other, and to somehow work together to fight the real enemy. So lost in his thoughts was Gandalf that he almost walked right by an enormous Man standing to the left of his path. He came to a halt at the Man's seeming sudden appearance. It was the skin-changer, Beorn. He chided himself for not sensing the Man earlier. "Beorn, I was not expecting to see you around here," he said, mildly surprised. For truth was, he had thought he had seen the last of the skin-changer for some time, after he made sure Thorin and the others had returned the ponies they'd borrowed before entering Mirkwood. Beorn let out a loud laugh and walking up to the tall Wizard, gave him a friendly whack on the back that nearly knocked Gandalf off his feet. "Gandalf! I almost didn't recognize you with that cloak. Luckily I recognized that Wizard stink of yours!" he said, the grin on his big face nearly hidden by his bushy black beard. He did not seem to see or care, about the Wizard's insulted reaction to his comment about his 'stink'. "As for why I'm here, there's the smell of a coming battle in the air. The birds are all singing about it. And I intend to be a part of it!" he boomed in his loud voice, crossing his large arms over his huge chest as if stating an obvious fact. "Well, good for you. I too wish to take part, and I am on my way there now-- with urgent tidings, in fact," Gandalf said as he straightened his tall pointy hat, preparing to leave. "Now, if you'll excuse me I must be goi-" but he was interrupted by the were-bear. "Hold up, now! I stopped you for a reason, not because I wanted to say 'good morning' or 'hello'," he said rudely. "I stopped you because I have a question to ask. And I figured it might answer a little riddle I found in the woods yesterday." Gandalf was feeling decidedly put out by now, not to mention somewhat irritated (though you would never have guessed by looking at him, and even if he had Beorn would probably not have cared anyway). But being a Wizard, and a fairly wise one at that, he decided to see what Beorn wanted to know. And, with luck, answer it quickly and be on his way. "Oh now? And what question is that?" asked Gandalf as he leaned against his staff, peering up at the great bear of a Man that towered over him. Unfolding his great arms, Beorn put one hand on his hip while he stroked his thick beard in thought. "Those dwarves-- fourteen I believe it was, with that small rabbit one." "Yes, that was Thorin's company and Mr. Baggins." "Yes, them! Now, did any of those Dwarves have cubs?" Both of Gandalf's bushy eyebrows shot up in genuine surprise at this. This was definitely not the question Gandalf was expecting from the hulking man. Cubs? It took him a moment to answer the large Man as he got his mind back on track. "Well yes," he started. "Fili and Kili are Thorin's sisters-sons but he has none of his own; the same goes for the others. But Balin has two daughters and one boy. Dori had two boys but they were killed by plague. Then there's Gloin's boy-" Once again, he was rudely interrupted. "If I wanted to know about all of that, I would have asked! All I wanted to know was if they had any cubs. And now I know," Beorn snorted, then turned and started to walk back into the forest. Gandalf watched his retreating form until it disappeared into the trees. Shaking his head at the strange encounter, he started walking once more, then stopped to glance again to where Beorn had disappeared. He was a bit befuddled at such a queer question, and though he hated to admit it, he was quite intrigued as to what had made Beorn ask it. I have no time for this! he chided himself and started again down the path leading to the Lonely Mountain. If I want to get something to eat and rest awhile before that fool Thranduil starts bandying threats about with Thorin , then I must leave this strange business for another time , he told himself as he walked on. The Mountain looming ahead was painted orange and pink from the rising sun, and flocks of birds swirled and circled in the distance. But no matter how hard he tried, he couldn't get Beorn's question out of his head. Did any of those Dwarves have cubs? Why would Beorn ask such a strange question? Beorn was not the kind of person to wonder, let alone care if someone he'd only just met had children. Gandalf suddenly stopped, eyes going wide. Unless….. "Beorn!" he yelled as he ran back to where he had seen Beorn disappear into the woods. ~~~ It took much rushing about and searching, but Gandalf finally found Beorn again lumbering through the wood. Gandalf matched his pace to Beorn's, walking to his right and a little behind. Beorn had spared him a glance and then seemed to ignore the Wizard's presence. "If I may ask?" Gandalf started. "You may," Beorn said, not even bothering to look at the Wizard as he continued on his way. "What was it, pray tell, that brought about your question?" he asked. Though he had a terrible feeling and was quite anxious to find out, he made his question sound as trivial as if he was asking Beorn what he thought of the weather. "If you follow me I'll show you," Beorn rumbled and began his story. "I was out yesterday afternoon making my way to the mountain, when I came upon some tracks and a strange scent-- one I hadn't smelled before, but there was something familiar about it. And since the tracks were headed in the same direction I was headed, I decided to follow them," Beorn told him as they moved through the trees and brush. Gandalf could now see a clearing up ahead, and it was obviously where the skin-changer was headed. "I followed the tracks to this clearing. And what do I find? But a friend laying murdered!" he growled. They then entered the clearing. It was fairly small but with enough room to accommodate an eight man camp with horses. A medium-sized tree grew near the center of the clearing with what appeared to be a large sack tied to one of its branches. Occasionally Gandalf could see movement from the sack as something thrashed in it. There was some grass and a few weeds growing but the clearing's floor was mainly of light gray sheet rock. There also appeared to be the start of a small fire with bits of wood scattered about the clearing. It looked as if a struggle had taken place, as if someone had been in the process of building a fire when they were suddenly attacked. "Look! There she is, poor thing. I had talked to her just three days before." Beorn pointed to one side of the clearing where the carcass of a deer was lying, its head at an odd angle. Gandalf raised an eyebrow. It was now clear that whoever had killed the deer had made the camp in the clearing with intentions of lighting a fire to cook it. "I see," he said, before turning his attention back to the tree and the hanging sack, and more importantly