Title: Masks Rating: R Warning: Angst and descriprions of torture. Disclaimer: I'm not making any profet off this. All characters, places and things, with the exception of a few OC belong to J.R.R Tolkien. Notes: This is actually pretty old and has been cluttering up my computer, so I thought I would go ahead and post it. Originally this started as a plot-bunny, inspired by some talk on Axe-Bow and a few scenes from "Blade of the Immortal" manga. I've since named it and done some minor tweaking of it. Masks It was a time of peace and prosperity. The hard won war was over, the One Ring destroyed, the gapping wounds of war where almost healed, now was a time of renewal and growth over all the western lands. In the gleaming city of Gondor, in one of the grand echoing halls of the palace, a spindly built Man of rather small height calmly walked. His thin arms full of various parchments and scrolls, back from an errant for the important official he worked for. All those in the palace knew him simply as Enriten, but what they didn't know was that his real name was actually Rabryn. He was a very nondescript Man with dark thinning hair that framed a plain face that was over looked in a crowd and just as easily forgotten. He was dressed in dark robes of grey and brown, befitting his station as the aid to Aaddrunye. Who in turn was one of the King's top advisers, second only to the head Magistrate and the acting Steward, Faramir, youngest son of the late Denethor. All around he was the type of Man no one paid attention to, being near invisible to most… and that was the way he liked it. As his clicking foot steps echoed smartly against the white and grey veined marble floors, he let his gaze look out one of the large balconies to his left as he walked by. A cool refreshing breeze momentarily ruffling his thin hair as warm sunlight beamed through to spill and reflect off the polished floors and walls. The view through the balcony was truly spectacular, with the majesty of Gondor spread out before the window as well as the surrounding plains and the smoky mountains standing guard in the distance. The ancient city was once again beautiful, shinning in all its glory, thanks to the new King and the help of his companions. While the new King and his Elvin Queen brought back a deep pride and created an atmosphere of peace and majesty. The Dwarves, under the direction of the King's Dwarven companion, rebuilt Gondor anew. Fixing its wounds and scars, making the city whole and stronger then ever before. As with the Dwarves, the Elves too, under another of the King's companions had made Gondor truly bloom again after years of sorrow and seeming drought, the gardens and trees grew lush and sweet smelling once again. The White Tree lived once more, abloom with blossomes and leaves, growing stronger with each passing year. The Elves weaved their magic to make the White City a crowning jewel once more, soothing the sorrow of all and seeming to heal the city's very soul. But Enriten wouldn't allow himself the luxury of enjoying the view as he walked past, he still had his duties to perform. Not to mention keeping all his plans that he had finally set into motion in order. He also needed to check on his men and see how things were coming along with their guest… He quickly put all these thoughts to the back of his mind as he rounded the corner to the next hall, once again putting on his practiced mask of 'scholarly, but clumsy servant'. He hunched his shoulders a bit and shuffled his feet, making his movements more jerky, the confident walk from just moments before having completely vanished. As he approached the massive carved doors leading to the main throne room, he gave a friendly greeting to the two armed and armored guards standing to either side of the massive doors. Making sure to clumsily drop a few scrolls as he did. The two guards rolled their eyes as they watched Aaddrunye's assistant come scuttling around the corner towards them, then drop some of his armload when he stupidly tried to wave a greeting to them. This was not the first time they had seen Enriten in action. They then watched the mousy Man 'tisk' and babble to himself as he clumsily went about trying to pick up the dropped scrolls and in turn spilling a few more pieces of parchment to the floor before finally getting up again, almost tripping on his long robes. The two bored looking guards only snorted in amusement, well aquatinted with Aaddrunye's bumbling assistant. Without a word they opened the large doors for him and watched the thin assistant slip into the large and lavish throne room, carefully juggling his armload before the two guards closed it behind him. As Enriten entered he could see that the meeting he had left earlier was still taking place between the King, his advisers and the huffing officials about various taxes, city policies and other such important things that need addressing to keep a city running smoothly. Long heavy tables had been set up before the King's great throne, the sound of scratching quills, the rustling of parchment and the murmur of talking echoed through the great hall. It was here that the group of advisers and officials sat as they wrote and went through their various papers and scrolls. All of them arguing and debating the various topics and laws. For the most time the striking dark-haired King was silent, his heavy silver crown upon his head, his sharp grey-eyes speaking of great intelligence, many times speaking out only to sooth or call order when the arguments became too heated or convoluted. Every now and then the Steward, who stood at the King's left side, would lean over to say something in the King's ear or add his own thoughts to the various discussions. At the end of one of the long tables, nearest to one of the massive windows that lined the throne room on either side, sat Aaddrunye. Right where Enriten had left him earlier. Spotting him, he immediately went to the old advisor's side. Aaddrunye was a heavyset Man with wiry grey hair and beard, both of which he kept immaculately clean and clipped, who always wore long deep burgundy and brown robes befitting his station and occupation as adviser. He was wise and surprisingly kind, though he did not suffer foolishness gladly and suffered from a rather sever 'sweet-tooth', evident by his bulging waistline. He had been one of Denethor's advisors, before the late Steward's death and with Faramir's backing and recommendation, he took up his old job and was now one of King Elessar's advisors. Aaddruny looked up from his note taking at Enriten's approach, praising the younger Man on his swift return, immediately plucking two particular scrolls from the smaller Man's arms. It was then that Enriten noticed that there was another that had joined the meeting while he had been gone. He was mildly surprised to see none other then the King's Elven companion, the Prince of Mirkwood present at the Elessar's other side. The Wood-elf was quietly discussing something with both the King and the skeptical looking Lord Faramir. As Enriten watched from the corner of his eye, he could not help admire the beautiful being's presence as the three continued their heated whispering. Like that of Elessar's wondrous dark-haired Queen there was something almost frightening about their beauty, their kind always seeming to radiate a glow about them, filling any room, no matter how large with their mere presence. The very air around them seeming to become sweeter in their presence. He hated that. With his mask still firmly in place Enriten subtly watched as the dark-haired King rolled his eyes and waved off whatever the green clad archer had been hissing at him as he tried to look over a document that one of the politicians had brought forth. A moment later the acting Steward, Faramir adding to whatever the King had said, clearly in agreement with Elessar. Enriten wished he knew what they where speaking, but unfortunately did not speak Sindarin. Which of the room, aside from the Elf, only the King, Faramir and the King's advisors were fluent, including Aaddrunye. Whatever was said the tall blond-haired Elf clearly disagreed with their answer given the way it's flashing green eyes narrowed before turning sharply away from his companions to look out one of the large windows. Its' thoughts clearly troubled. Enriten watched the lithe archer unconsciously finger the long white knife at its side, before watching it stock away on silent feet to wonder about the cavernous throne room like a restless hunting cat. Enriten mussed to himself that if the Elf had a tail it would no doubt be lashing about behind him. "I wonder what has the Lord of Ithilien so vexed?" he asked Aaddrunye, pretending ignorance as he stacked the parchment and scrolls on the cluttered table next to the old advisor. Even thought he had a pretty good idea for the Elf's agitation. "Apparently he can not find his companion in the palace or anywhere else. Lord Gimli has consequently not been seen since yesterday morning," Aaddrunye said as he went over the contents of one of the scrolls, making changes to the parchment he had been writing on earlier. "Perhaps he is somewhere in the city?" offered Enriten "I have heard that he and others of his race often frequent one of the taverns in the lower rings of the city." "I too share those thoughts," agree Aaddrunye, still not looking up from his work. Enriten gave an internal chuckle at hearing this, his plans were going perfectly. It would probably be another day before the King and the rest of the palace began to pay attention to the Elf's troubled thoughts and started to worry and look for the missing Dwarf. Surly that would be enough time… The meeting continued on for a few more hours, the slender Elf moving restlessly around the grand room, waiting for the meeting to conclude and soon Enriten himself lost track of him as played dutiful servant to Aaddrunye. Handing the older Man fresh quills and ink, passing him parchments and fetching anything else that was needed, including taking down notes for Aaddrunye when the other advisors or politicians got up and spoke. Finally after several hours of arguments by some of the city officials and one interruption by a visit from Gondor's Elven Queen, who was heavy with child, the meeting was finally over. Old Aaddrunye still wanted to discuss some things with the King and a few of the other advisors so he dismissed him to go get something to eat and enjoy the rest of the day. But to make sure to come by his rooms before the evening meal to help transcribe some dusty tomes for the upcoming meeting with the Guild of Scholars tomorrow. Enriten gave a his proper thanks to Aaddrunye, then a deep respectful bow to the King and Steward before turning to leave the room. He was almost to the door, his thoughts turned inward once again with his plans, when he froze. His heart seeming to halt in his chest as he suddenly found himself speared by a pair of luminous inhuman eyes of frightening beauty. There, leaning against one of the large pillars framing the doors was the Elf, who he had forgotten all about. For a terrible moment he thought that he had somehow been found out as he watched the Elf's slender body stand up fully and step away from the pillar. That by some strange Elvish magic the blond archer knew, had somehow heard