Title: A Night's Musing Author: Gecco Rating: (nudity and sexuality) Warnings: If you don't like the thought of Gimli and Legolas in a relationship, run while you can! Disclaimer: I'm not making any profit off this. Legolas, Gimli and other characters belong to J.R.R. Tolkien. Who's no doubt groaning and moaning in his grave (Not that way!). Summary: Elf and Dwarf smut ahead! Its after the Battle of Helms Deep, and the Rohirrim are taking a moment to celebrate the honorable dead that fell at the Ford and the battle to come as the army makes its way to Gondor. Legolas meanwhile comes to except his feelings for a certain Dwarf. Archive: Axe-Bow, and anyone else that wants it. Notes: This is a Book-base version of the characters, Not a movie-based version! Though this is a bit AU since Eowyn is not in disguise, and any other such things that sticks out. Please forgive any spelling or timeline mess-ups! Originally I was planning on co-writing this with Little My, but RL must have stolen her again. More notes: This has not been beta-read yet and is my first ever attempt at romance. I am still also working on other other fics, but thought I'd post this in the meantime. Beware this is an 'edited' version of this fic. "They say you can understand a lot in a few minuets when you come here… The rest must be lived." (a quote from the movie "The Quiet American") Legolas had his best inscrutable 'court' face on whenever he was forced to be present in his Father's court or when dealings with various visiting dignitaries. He had learned long ago that it was an excellent deterrent to avoid unwanted attention. Some mortals of course where utterly oblivious to it and came over and tried to talk to him anyway. A few of the braver ladies even trying to get him to dance with them, but most took note of his aloof manner and left him alone. Though it did not stop them from wistfully watching the graceful and exotic archer from a distance. At the moment he stood artfully with a goblet of wine in hand, next to Aragorn in the temporary camp of the Rohirrim, the dark-haired Ranger at the moment talked and drank with King Theoden, who sat regally on a chair in the grass as the celebration rolled around them. The celebration taking place in the center of an open area in that nights camp, the many tents and tethered horses to be seen nearby. Both Aragorn and Legolas graciously declined another invitation to dance by a willowy yellow-haired woman, who looked disappointed at their refusal, but it was soon forgotten when a handsome bearded solder under Eomer's command, swept her laughing away into the fast-pace dance. King Theoden smiled as he watched his people revel around the campfires, the long and hard won battle at Helm's Deep days before seeming especial sweet after their stinging defeat in the Second Battle of the Fords of Isenwith before, now the Rohirrim rode to the aide of Minas Tirith. It was during this night that they took a moment to revel, not knowing their coming fate in the battle they knew was to come. The army camped for the night on the plains as they made their way to Gondor heading towards the White Mountains in the distance. Theoden's knowing eyes watched as Aragorn and Legolas kept themselves apart from the rest standing near him, unlike the surviving Rangers and the rest of his own Men that mixed freely. Every now and then declining offers of company, refreshments and invitations to join the celebrations around the various merry fires, unlike the small Halfling and their Dwarven companion. Theoden was pleased to catch an occasional glimpse of the copper-haired Dwarf laughing and mixing with the crowd, he had even seen the Dwarf dance a few times with the occasional Lady. Surprisingly energetic and able to dance as nimbly as any Man, the small almost childlike form of Merry kicking up his heels as he did an impromptu jig, tamping the grass beneath the thick soles of his feet whenever the mood struck him. Thought the small being's spirit didn't seem as high or as carefree since Gandalf had departed from the Golden Hall with his companion Pippin days before, the White Wizard dashing off with the Halfling after the little being had apparently found one of the seven lost Seeing Stones. "You must forgive them Aragorn, Legolas," Theoden said, speaking up after the Ranger and Elf turned away another offer to dance. "We are no strangers to Gandalf. The Wizard has visited us often through the years," he said, a note of resentment coming into his voice as his eyes narrowed a bit. The touchy subject of Shadowfax still smoldered between them the King and the wandering Istari. The Horse Lord snorted under his breath before taking a long sip from his goblet then looking back to the Ranger and archer standing on his other side, the good humor back in his countenance. "But you three-- you are something new and different! Almost all here- save few, have seen an Elf, a Dwarf, and a Ranger from the North in the flesh before. Let alone all three! Not to mention Halflings!" He laughed, while motioning for a servant to refill his cup. A young coltish lad with a decanter hurried forth and did as commanded, also refilling Aragorn's goblet, Legolas smiled at the wide-eyed child, but waved away the offer to top his cup. "I believe you are right, my good King," came Aragorn's voice. "I fear that we are a bit of a novelty at the moment, though I think the ladies find our Dwarven friend most amusing. I hope they do not wound him to much with their teasing," he chuckled, before raising his own goblet of wine to his lips. Theoden glanced curiously at Aragorn, as if not understanding what the Ranger had meant before he glanced briefly in the Dwarf's direction some distance away near one of the fires, where a group of women had gathered. It was then that the merry sound of laughter erupted from the group as Gimli apparently said something while graciously stopping one of the ladies from refilling his mug again. Legolas felt a frown tug at his lips, thinking about what Aragorn had just said. He didn't like these strange humans making fun of his friend, he didn't want the Dwarf's feelings hurt when he found out the group was laughing at him. Especially after the Dwarf had fought so honorably on their behalf, saving Eomer and had even taken injury in the struggle to defend the keep. The homely Dwarf, like most of his race might be found lacking in looks, but Legolas knew that Gimli more then made up for it with his spirit and good heart. The two Men and Elf watched as Eowyn came over to the twittering group and shooed the disappointed ladies away before the Shield Maiden herself turned and engaging the amused looking Dwarf in a animated conversation of her own. It was during this time that the blond haired Eomer walked out of the crowd and joined the rest of them, giving them all a polite greeting after giving a full bow to King Theodin before coming over and engaging Argorn in a conversation of tactic. The celebration continued on and Legolas continued to stay near Aragorn as the Ranger continued to converse with Theoden and Eomer, every now and then answering when one of the three asked his opinion on something or other, but for the most part he simply listened with half an ear. After over an hour of this however he became quite bored with their talk, which mostly centered around the great feats and accomplishments of Men in Middle-earth and decided to find Gimli. Having started to keenly feel his Dwarven companion's absence from his usual place at his side. He also didn't like for Gimli to be out of his sight for too long, especially after the events of Helm's Deep and not being able to find him, the Dwarf's presence having become a deep comfort to him. His strange friendship with Gloin's son having started sometime before the Fellowship had entered the blackness of Moria, though it had been thin and tenuous then. But he also knew that he had started to have much deeper feelings for his Dwarven companion during their stay in Lothlorien. Yet it was only after the battle of Helms Deep and those terrible hours thinking that he might have lost his friend, that Legolas could no longer deny his feelings. Stepping away from the others he went to find his absent friend. For the next few moments where spent wandering around the peripheral of the main celebration while he looked around for the Dwarf, but still had no luck finding him amid the crowd of mortals. Soon the Wood-elf came to stand next to one of the horses tether in front of one of the many large tents, stroking it's long face as he softy spoke to the animal in Elvish, still watching the celebration still in full swing. Many of the revelers where already well into their cups, though there was a full contingent of King Theoden's Men keeping watch and taking turns, while those not on their shifts got to join in the party. It seem alien and improper to Legolas to celebrate the dead and a coming battle in such a fashion. If this had been a Elven community this would be a time to reflect on all those lost and collect one's thoughts for the events ahead. The mood properly somber as the air would be filled with mournful singing for the dead as it had been in Lothlorien at the news of Mithrandir's fall in Moria. As he thought about this he spotted Eomer walking over to him, a mug of ale in the Man's hand. "Master Legolas," Horse Lord greeted, giving him a nod of his head as he reached out with his free hand and gave the horse Legolas stood next to a fond pat. "Have you seen Master Gimli?" The Man asked, while his sharp brown eyes looked around as if he suspected the Dwarf to be nearby as he took a drink from his mug. Legolas felt a flash of annoyance and a hot prickle of something else as he looked at the broad shouldered Marshal of the Riddermark, who stood only a few inches taller then he. He did not know the exact cause for his dislike of the Man, only that it had started the moment the Man had threatened his friend and that it had grown since their ride to Helms Deep. He had disliked the way that Eomer had simply swooped in after Gimli had been complaining about wishing to walk, rather then bump like a sack on Gandalf's saddle. Then the Man invites the Dwarf to ride with him before Legolas could even open his mouth and offer a seat with him on Arod. During the ride to Helms Deep the Elf made sure to stay close and for Arod to keep pace with Firefoot as they flew across the landscape. He did not like Eomer's change of behavior towards his friend. From blatant hostility-- to a keen interest and now the Man had came and greeted him, but clearly only doing so because he sought the Dwarf's company. If it where not so laughable one would almost think Eomer were truly interested in his Dwarven friend. Legolas quickly pushed these thoughts to the side, but before he could even open his mouth and answer Eomer's question, a female voice broke in and spoke for him. They both looked to see the tall and slender figure of Eowyn come forward to join them. "Our friend has managed to slip out