"Hot summer streets And the pavements are burning I sit around Trying to smile But the air is so heavy and dry Strange voices are saying What did they say Things I can't understand It's too close for comfort This heat has got right out of hand" -Bananarama "Cruel Summer" At nine twenty in the morning my alarm clock woke me up from my deep sleep. It was the first day of junior year. Great. I reached my arm out from under the covers and overestimated the amount of force I used and also my aim was a little off. Instead of effectively turning off my alarm, I hit the side of my bed table, sending my alarm clock flying. Son of a bitch I thought as I rubbed my smarting hand. Not even awake five minutes and I've already managed to hurt myself. No sense in trying to sleep five extra minutes now. I swung my legs over the side of my bed and sat there for a few minutes. It was September first, the morning air warm, but not hot. The summer air already started to turn into autumn. My alarm clock continued to shriek and beep on the floor. I bent over to pick it up, and instead of turning it off I carried it with me to my father Charlie's room. I opened his door to find him face down in his bed with the covers and empty beer bottles carelessly thrown around the room. Lovely. I set the alarm clock down by his head on the bed and began to wake him up. "Wake up, daddy dearest. You're wasting another day. The world may end if you don't grace them with your winning smile and charming personality." "Get out," Charlie grumbled. Now, as the sweet and merciful daughter I am, I decided to let daddy dearest sleep in, or at least I would have if I wasn't lying about being sweet and merciful. "Dad, get up. You need to find a job. We're out of food." "You work. You pay for the food." "And the electric bill, water bill, school, the house, college, and clothing. I'm not going to buy you any more beer. That you'll have to get yourself." "What good are you?" "I ask myself that every day," I called back to him as I walked to the bathroom. I looked at myself in the mirror as I waited for my shower to reach the perfect temperature. Plain brown eyes, plain pale skin, plain brown hair. Any normal girl would obsess over how plain they are or even throw themselves a pity party. I'm not a normal girl. I feel safe with the security of having a plain, predictable face. I don't like drawing unnecessary attention. I prefer to be a wallflower. When my shower was in between flaming and steamy, I peeled off my clothes and got in. I first washed my body and face, then moved on to my hair, and finally I shaved my armpits and legs. For the remainder of my allowed ten minute shower, I stood there and enjoyed the hot water pellet against my face. I turned around and let it massage my back. I liked watching the water drip from the tip of my nose. I would need this before I walked back through the gates of hell, otherwise known as school. This was my junior year, and I still didn't have my license. I would have to depend on my friend Edward to drive me to and from school. I tried to get my license, but it seems like the world just hated me. After the sixth drivers test, I just said screw it and walked away. I'm not a bad driver, I just had the most unfortunate luck. Every time I had No Pass Patty as my instructor. The first test was during a snow storm, the second during a rainstorm, and the rest was during a bright and sunny day. Of course, the only time it's sunny in Forks is when I have the most rotten luck. Now I don't trust the sun whenever it comes out. My ten minutes were up. I reluctantly turned off the shower and reached for my towel. I dried myself off and wrapped the towel around me. I stepped carefully out of the shower and onto the bathmat. I brushed my hair and got dressed. Fifteen minutes until Edward would be here. I dressed in a pair of partially ripped skinny jeans, a striped faded purple and blue T-shirt, and brown combat boots. I even went a little nuts and went as far as to put on some ear rings and a silver cross on a long chain necklace. I dried my hair because I cannot stand wet hair, even when the weather is moderately warm. I let my hair fall naturally, long and wavy and topped it off with a gray beanie. I went across the hall again to check on my deadbeat father. Still in bed where I left him. As I went downstairs, shaking my head in disgust at the fat tub of lard I call a father, I began to think about this year at school. I didn't have many credits left to graduate. I had all my math, all my science. All that was left was government and English. When selecting classes for this year, I made sure to steer clear of math and gym, and pick all English electives. Lord, help me Jesus. By the end of this year my writing hand will be incredibly buff. Upperclassmen didn't have to show up at seven thirty today like any normal school day. The faculty wanted to humiliate the freshmen first with team building workshops set up in the gym. Every year the school hires a public speaker to "motivate" the freshmen on the first day and then do some team building. Good luck with that. Freshmen are the devil incarnate. Just as I finished my "healthy and nutritious" breakfast of Oreos and crackers, Edward's car was outside waiting for me. I grabbed my bag and called out to Charlie. "Get your life together, old man!" The door slammed just as Charlie threatened to rip out my vocal cords. "Bella! Bellllaaa!" Edward's younger and more lovable sister Alice cried out. She was practically hanging out of the front passenger seat's window. This girl lived for the first day of school. No one was more excited for the end of summer than she was. She was cut off from all the juiciest gossip for three months. Oh the horror. As I got in the car, I was able to see Alice's outfit. "My God, you look like a highlighter!" Alice was wearing a highlighter bright, hot pink dress with a black belt, and-oh good Lord-red cowboy boots. "Now, I know the boots don't match entirely, but it's a fashion statement. They totally look like the boots Lori Singer wore in the movie Footloose . The 1984 version with Kevin Bacon, not the one with Julianne Hough. Don't get me wrong, I liked the 2011 remake, but you can't beat the original. Unless you're Rob Zombie and you decide to remake Halloween , then that's perfectly fine," Alice gushed. I put my head in my hands. "Dear Lord, Edward, please make her stop!" I heard him snicker as he pulled away from the curb. "Alice, we get it. You have a vast knowledge of pop culture. Please, no more." Bless her heart, I love Alice. But because she is a year younger than everyone, it seems like instead of being more mature from hanging out with the older kids she instead took five steps back and never moved forward. Alice huffed. "Geez, grumpy. It's not my fault your morning sucked. Don't have to take it out on me." I lifted my head from my hands and smiled. "On the contrary, Alice, I had a splendid morning. Father and I exchanged words of encouragement for this long, agonizing day to come. Did you not hear him wish me a good day?" Edward came to a stop at a red light and lost it. His laughs filled the entire Volkswagen. No one else got my sarcasm better than him. Alice did not appreciate it. "You know, you could always come live with us. Our parents are never home, they wouldn't mind." I shook my head. "Nah, Charlie would die without me. I've already lost one parent, and I'm not counting on becoming an orphan anytime soon." Edward looked at me through the rearview mirror. Edward knows never to pressure me to talk about my feelings and personal life. But sometimes he likes to break my one rule. "Charlie's been gone for the past four years now, Bells." He didn't mean physically gone. "Maybe you've done all you can to help." "It's not your fault he lost it after Renee died," Alice interjected. "You need to stop punishing yourself." "Guys, I'm not punishing myself. I want to stick it out until graduation. Then I'm out of here." I looked out the window and watched as we pulled into the school parking lot. "Can we just try to get through today in one piece?" Edward and Alice exchanged a look and nodded. As soon as the car was parked, I shot out of the car like a bat out of hell. "Christ." "Soap opera Bella at ten in the morning?" I heard a voice say from behind me. I turned around and there was my boyfriend, Jasper Whitlock. We've been dating since the end of the last school year. We never fought, we never disagreed, and I thought he was the one. Or, at least settled so I wouldn't have to be bothered to find someone else and go through the process of opening myself up again. "Yes, and so the soap opera continues. Stay tuned to: The Days of Bella Swan's Life!" I said dramatically. Jasper smirked and put an arm around my shoulders. Jasper never really laughed at my jokes. He thought I had some kind of emotional disorder and shouldn't be laughing about it. It's no secret that I don't enjoy having feelings, but I don't think it's a disorder. Edward on the other hand always found humor in my soap opera of a life. Edward was my closest friend. I knew he had a crush on me-which is probably why he always laughs at everything I say-but I don't have romantic feelings towards him. I've seen what love does to people, to best friends who become lovers, and I don't want to risk my friendship. My best girlfriend Rosalie and her boyfriend Emmett are a perfect example. Speak of the devils, they were walking straight towards us from Emmett's white Jeep. Rose had everything. Beauty, brains, money, and most importantly, opportunity. She could do anything and everything she wanted. However, the only thing she wanted was Emmett. "Ready to see what this year holds?" Rose asked excitedly. Alice and Rose both loved school, but for different reasons. Alice loved the gossip. Rose loved that school was like a runway. She looks like a model, and has no problem showing it off. "Come on, Bella! I wanna see if you got into journalism!" Alice screeched. Journalism was a coveted class. It filled up fast and was hard to get into. You had to send in a four page portfolio on some of your writing. To say it was a stressful week of planning would be an understatement. "You should have taken AP Creative Writing with me and Jasper," Edward said. I wrinkled my nose. "No thanks. I'm not good at creative writing. I like writing about facts and reading someone else's creative writing." "But you're a good writer," Edward prodded. I didn't know if he was trying to get me to take the next step up or if he really wanted me to take a class