Summary – It is Aragorn's first council meeting as a King. Tradition strengthens an old friendship and his family returns to Aragorn a bit of his childhood. A bit of Estel. Author's note – This is a one-shot about the moments before Aragorn's first council. This could be seen as an AU and is a story about family and friendships. Please do review. Disclaimer- Lord of the Rings belongs to Professor J. R. R. Tolkien and Tolkien estate as does all its characters and everything. They do not belong to me, I do not own any of these and nor will ever. I am just writing this little story just for pleasure. Fear. Suffocating, chocking fear. Knee shaking, paralyzing fear. Never before had Aragorn, King Elessar Telconter, been this afraid. Not when he faced countless orcs, not when he fought the battle at Helm's Deep, not when he trekked the Paths of the Dead, not even when he faced Sauron's might in front of the Black Gates. There he knew what he would be facing and what he was expected to do. But this, this was an entirely foreign territory for him. He would be facing the unexpected with no idea as to what would be expected of him. Aragorn straightened his heavily embroidered cloak for the hundredth time in probably as many moments. He raised his eyes and met the ones reflected in the mirror, which was placed in front of him. Anxiousness, fright, uncertainty… One look at him would convey to all that he would be no good for them. That he… "Ready, Estel?" came a voice from the archway, causing Aragorn to snap out of his thoughts. Legolas. Hs best friend in the whole of Arda and beyond. Someone he trusted even more than his own self. "How do I look?" Aragorn asked, moving forward to stand in front of the elf. "As a king should," was the reply. Legolas raised a hand and smothered the fine creases that had appeared on the cloak. "Maybe I should start calling you King Elessar." "Never!" Aragorn cried out, completely missing the mirth that belied his friend's seriousness. Legolas narrowed his eyes at the nearly desperate tone lacing the man's voice. "You won't call me king anything, never ever." Aragorn attenuated his words be grabbing hold of Legolas' shoulders and shaking him, none too gently. "Y-You are the one of those very few who still calls me E-Estel." Aragorn's voice broke at the last words. He turned away in embarrassment and tried to compose himself, to gain a semblance of dignity. The next moment found him encased in the tender embrace of his best friend, sobbing his heart out. Intense as his grief was, it took the King a fair few moments before the tears ran out and longer, before he made any move to detangle himself from Legolas' arms. "Are you alright?" Legolas asked looking on worriedly as the man wiped his face with a piece of cloth dipped in cold water. "I am now," Aragorn replied. A faint blush played on his cheeks as he turned to face his friend. "Forgive me for that ridiculous scene…" "There is nothing to forgive, Estel," Legolas interrupted. "However, what brought this on, mellon nin?" Aragorn felt Legolas' hand on his shoulder, squeezing it gently. He took a deep breath and let it out slowly. "Ada…Ada didn't come," he whispered at long last. A mortal would have missed those words but it didn't escape the keen hearing on an elf. "There is still time…" Legolas' tone, however, belied his true feelings as opposed to his optimistic words. It was obvious that the crown prince of Mirkwood had reached the same conclusion as had Aragorn…Lord Elrond Half-elven would not be gracing the first council meeting of his son. 'His foster son' Aragorn corrected himself. 'Just a mortal.' This thought was incentive enough to cause tears to well up on the king's eyes yet again but this time they were blinked back stoically. Silence filled the room as Aragorn made his way towards the table and tried to concentrate on some scrolls that Faramir had brought in earlier that day. Legolas made his way towards the large mirror placed at one end of the room and drew out a delicate but beautiful circlet from within an almost concealed pocket in his tunic. He placed it on his head and stared critically at the reflection in the mirror, adjusting it ever so often till it measured up to his level of satisfaction. "Your Highness!" Aragorn felt the darkness lifting from his heart for a moment as he grinned and tipped a mock bow towards Legolas. This was an age old practice that Aragorn and his brothers, Ellandan and Elrohir, adhered to in order to irritate Legolas. "My King Elessar," Legolas greeted back, sweeping an elaborate bow. "Forgot that I could get you this time, didn't you?" he teased, smirking. Aragorn nodded, a sheepish grin forming on his face. "Before it escapes me, there is something which I need to speak to you about," he said, grabbing hold of Legolas' arm and steering him towards a padded seat. "You might recall that, yesterday, my Lord Steward had imprisoned and held me captive for almost en entire day?" Legolas nodded. "Of the many things that he instructed me about, the most important was a vital custom of Gondor." "What custom?" Legolas asked. Aragorn caught the first signs of curiosity adorning his friend's fair face. "According to this custom; before his first council meeting, a King is required to swear his fealty to one particular person and this person would hold the rights to challenge the words and actions of the King, if and whenever need be. And the king would be expected to honor and consider his advices." "In other words, you are expected to choose a mentor," Legolas said softly. Aragorn nodded. "Mithrandir would be a good choice," the prince remarked. "He would be," Aragorn agreed. "But it not he who I have chosen. In fact, Gandalf believes that my choice is good, better than it would have been had I chosen him." "Who is it?" The Eldar now looked genuinely confused. "Someone from Imladris?" he asked, no doubt thinking of Glorfindel or Erestor. Aragorn shook his head. "It is you, my friend," he said, a smile lighting up his face and chasing away the last vestiges of grief. Never had Aragorn seen his friend so surprised. Such was his astonishment that it bordered on shock. In the 80 years that he had known the elf, this was the first time that Aragorn was finding him thus lost for words. If comparison needed to be drawn, Legolas' expression was remarkably alike Faramir's when Denetherion had been returned the White Rod. And the sight of such a befuddled expression on a First Born's face… Aragorn let loose his mirth and broke down into helpless laughter. "You were jesting, right?" Legolas said, narrowing his eyes. The dangerous glint in his eyes was a clear indication of what his thoughts were about this 'jest' and the remuneration that the person would reap for thus jesting. "I would never jest about such, Legolas." Aragorn composed himself and said. "You are the only one who I can see as my mentor, as that's what you have been for all these years." "Is aught bothering you, Estel?" Legolas asked sounding genuinely concerned. "This can be but the ramblings of one whose senses have failed. To refresh your memory, the escapades which nearly cost you your life countless times were, half the times, on account of me. And for the rest, I followed you. No something that any decently good mentor would do." Aragorn chuckled, a glassy, faraway look shading his eyes. "We did have loads of fun, didn't we?" he murmured. "So Legolas, what say you? Would you consent to being my mentor and aiding me in ruling Gondor? I would understand if you wish to leave for Greenwood…" Aragorn added hesitantly. "I am not returning," Legolas spoke up. "Not just yet and never for an extended stay. That is, if you don't banish me from your kingdom." Aragorn rolled his eyes in a most unkingly fashion. "And your father agrees to this?" he asked. "Ada knows that I won't be happy away from my friends," Legolas replied, smiling softly. "Ro meleth nîn (He loves me). Enough to let me go." "We will visit Eryn Lasgalen once our duties here at Gondor are a little less overwhelming," sad Aragorn. "Knowing only Mirkwood, my heart yearns to set sights on the splendor of Greenwood as it once was." "It is very different," Legolas said, his voice dropping to a reverential whisper. "Ada would be happy to host you. As the crown prince of Eryn Lasgalen, I extend our heartiest invitation to you and your people, hir nîn (my lord)," Legolas slipped back into the formal speech required for such a purpose and bowed his head respectfully. "The invitation is accepted with much gratitude, ernil nîn (my prince)," Aragorn replied, mirroring Legolas' gesture. "Though this formality was unnecessary, Asëa (leaf)." Aragorn saw a smile forming on his friend's face as he registered the renewed use of the nickname that Aragorn had given him decades ago. Flashback… " Ada…Ada…" A little boy ran inside Lord Elrond's study without bothering to knock. He knew that he was always welcome to seek his Adar and climb on his knee, if need be. As he was doing now. " What is it, Estel?" The elf lord drew the little Adan into a soft embrace and kissed the black curls that were tickling his nose. " I need a ni...niwkname for Leolas, Ada," Estel said, looping his hands around Elrond's neck and looking up at him beseechingly. " For Legolas?" Elrond asked, hiding a smile at the distorted version of the prince's name that his son used. Estel nodded. "He calls me Neth Min, bu' I don' have 'ne name fow him." " Did you think of anything?" Elrond question the little boy who was now fiddling with the ring that adorned Elrond's finger. Vilya, the mightiest of the three elven rings. Not many were graced with its sight, let alone given the might to touch it. But for Elrond, the importance of this ring dimmed in comparison to this little boy who had, so quickly, taken up a large part of his heart. " I thoug' of callin' him Lass," Estel murmured. "Bu' it sounds almos' like Leolas." " Lass…Leaf…" Elrond muttered contemplatively. "Why not call him Asëa?" he suggested. " Asëa?" Estel repeated, his little forehead wrinkled up in confusion. " It is leaf, in Quenya," Elrond said. "And it sounds quite different from Legolas too." A smile lighted up Estel's face, causing something in Elrond's heart to knot up. Valar willing, he would do his best to preserve this child's happiness as long as it would be possible for him. " I will call him Asëa," Estel said decisively. "Thank you so much, Ada." This being said, the little boy kissed Elrond's check and ran out of the room leaving behind a contemplating elf lord who sat long and thought fondly of the little imp who had lighted up his life as he had never thought possible. End of Flashback… "Formalities are unnecessary between friends, Estel, but essential when a King seeks to visit another realm," said Legolas. "This is what the protocols call for." "To Mordor with protocols!" Aragorn cursed, earning himself a disapproving frown from Legolas. However, Aragorn was saved from any further reprimand by the timely interruption of a knock. "Lord Faramir seeks an audience with Your Majesty," a guard announced, after Aragorn had bidden him entry. "Of course," said Aragorn. The guard bowed and left. Aragorn and Legolas had just enough time to share a brief glance before Faramir Denetherion, the Steward of Gondor, entered the room. "My Lord King, Prince Legolas,"