Title: Giving Hope Author: Anonymist Rating: Teen Disclaimer: I own nothing pertaining to Tolkien's work. Summary: Haunted by her husband's death and visions of Aragorn's future, Gilraen seeks Elrond's aid. Second place winner of the March Teitho contest. A/N: No, I didn't die, I was just in cryogenic hibernation for a few months. Anyway, here it be. I haven't touched it since March, so any critique will be welcome. Please don't flame me. - Giving Hope - - - Cries rip through the morning mists. Sword clashes on sword; the sharp tang of new blood taints the forest air. The pines' thick shadow keeps dawn at bay, prolonging the battle. All seems far away to one who watches the tall, dark-haired man drawing his sword from the body of an orc. He swings it up in a gleaming arc to meet his next foe, determination in his grey eyes mirroring the much-used steel. Slice, dodge, parry, stab. It is a dance of death, and the ranger moves in perfect rhythm. The fighting moves away, and for a moment he stands still, sword point down on the soil. His keen grey eyes take in the carnage around them. The bright broadswords of the rangers grow black with orcish blood; they have the advantage, but only just. In the thick of the battle the peredhil move together with a deadly grace, twin blades flashing as one. The evil creatures fall by the score under their grim wrath. Near the fringes a younger dunadan struggles against a tall orc. The crooked scimitar darts beneath the young ranger's blade and slices a deep gash along his ribs. The tall ranger sees the blow, and runs to his comrade's aid. The scimitar swings up for the finishing blow—but never falls. Its bearer's head is rolling away among the churned-up loam. The tall ranger plunges further into the fray; slice, dodge, parry, strike. It is a dance for life, and he does not miss a step. The orcs' numbers dwindle. There are barely a handful left alive…and yet the rest do not flee. Suddenly a new cry rises over the chaos of combat: A howl of triumph from the enemy, a warning shout from the rangers. The tall man looks up—his face shines with dirt and sweat, the mist swirls in wisps around his feet, his silver eyes are alive and searching—and an arrow pierces his eye. The impact throws him back, slamming him cruelly into the ground. The sword drops from unwilling hands, slicing the mists into ribbons that scatter and vanish as at last the sun finds an opening and bursts through the pines. Elves and men race toward the source, heedless of the shafts flying thick as rain… but it is over. He is dead. He is gone. You are alone. "Mama?" Small, cool hands patted her wet cheeks. Gilraen opened her eyes and took a deep, shuddering breath. Darkness, softened by a shaded lamp on the nightstand. Soft summer air from the open window, warm breath on her skin. Dreams again. A warm body perched on her stomach, and the little hands moved to stroke her hair. "It's alright, Mama, don't cry," the boy whispered, though his own voice trembled on the verge of tears. She sat up and wrapped her arms tightly around him, drying her tears on his soft, sweet-smelling curls as she gently kissed his crown. "Did I wake you, my Aragorn?" she murmured into his hair. He didn't answer, but snuggled closer against her, twining his hands in the loose folds of her nightgown. Gilraen stroked his back, humming softly, letting the soothing motion calm her own fresh grief. Every night, she relived it again. It was as vivid and terrible as that first flash of foresight, three days before they had brought Arathorn's body home to her. She knew that its horror and the overwhelming, helpless sorrow of it would haunt her for many years to come. Gilraen sighed and smoothed the covers, absently straightening the hem of her son's nightshirt around his curled up legs. They were safe in Rivendell. Lord Elrond had given them a small, quiet guest house built near the elf lord's legendary home, giving them the privacy that Gilraen had so desperately needed, so soon after her husband's death. But not even the haven of the elves could fend off all fear. It was fear that Gilraen fought in the late watches of the night, when despair could around her in a darkness that quenched the very stars. In those times she felt so alone; she was all the family that Aragorn had. And her fears woke him in the night… Aragorn soon slept, breathing softly in her arms. But for Gilraen no rest came. She lay awake until dawn spilled grey over the windowsill. -o-o-o-o- "Mama! Can we go? Please, Mama?" Aragorn begged, tugging at her hand. The young dunadan gazed longingly at the archway that led into the gardens, where sunlight poured across the flagstones in a golden pathway. A warm, fragrant breeze swept in, teasing a few wisps out of Gilraen's freshly braided hair. She tucked them back with an impatient gesture and glanced at the stairway that led to Lord Elrond's study, biting her lip. He had promised to see her that morning—a meeting for which Gilraen was already late. But the kind and usually dependable elleth who occasionally looked after Aragorn had not yet arrived. Gilraen knew that she could not discuss her troubles in front of her unusually perceptive son, so she lingered in the entrance hall, looking for a solution. Two tall, raven-haired elves entered by another door, talking quietly together. They wore plain elven tunics in soft blues and greys, and both carried bows and quivers—most likely returning from a morning of practice. One carried his bow over one shoulder; the other held it loosely in one hand. Otherwise they were completely identical. "My lords Elladan, Elrohir!" Gilraen called, grateful to see a familiar face. "I must see your father this morning, and there is no one to keep Aragorn. Will you play with him for a few minutes?" The twins exchanged startled looks bordering on alarm, but Gilraen was already showering them with thanks. She bent and gave Aragorn a swift hug, pushed him gently toward the elf lords, then hurried up the stairs to her meeting, confident that she had left her son in good hands. -o-o-o-o- Elladan and Elrohir looked down at the small person who had just been placed in their care. The boy stared back with impossibly round gray eyes. Elladan looked at Elrohir. "We haven't had much experience in play, El," he murmured too softly for Aragorn to hear. "Not since Arwen was a child." Elrohir shrugged. "Then we shall have to relearn it." He dropped to one knee so than his face came level with the child's. "Your name is Aragorn?" he asked gently. Aragorn nodded silently, suddenly shy between the two tall elves without the comforting presence of his mother. Elrohir smiled. "A big name for such a little adan." "I'm not little," Aragorn protested, holding up two chubby fingers. "I'm two years old!" "I see," Elrohir chuckled. Elladan knelt too, his eyes full of laughter. "Well, Aragorn who is two years old, this is my brother Elrohir, and I am Elladan. Would you like to come out into the garden with us?" Aragorn nodded happily, and took a hand of each of the twins. Elladan met his brother's eyes over Aragorn's head. So far, so good… They walked together through the sunlit door. A high wall encircled the garden, laced with windows and pillared openings that revealed unexpected vistas of the beautiful elven valley and its distant falls. A small tame stream bubbled in over a heap of boulders to feed a lily pool, adding its cheerful song to the music of the birds. Flowers blazed in a riot of colors. Here grew frilly foxglove, there tall pale lilies and dark violet crocuses gathered round the feet of a stately marble elf. Rogue blossoms sprang up in the most unexpected places, from the cracks in the ivy-grown wall to the hollow of the tall, narrow pine that stood like a shady guardian over it all. Aragorn, entranced by this bright new world, dropped the hands of his companions and rant out into the grass. He stroked the soft leaves of silvery lamb's ear, and buried his nose in a bright red poppy. Its heady scent made him sneeze, and he laughed at the ticklish feeling. Elrohir watched in delight as the boy explored every nook and cranny. Finishing off the orcs who slew the leader of the dunedain had kept the peredhil away for weeks. Somehow, Elrohir reflected, they had missed this change in this young guest of Rivendell. Gone was the silent huge-eyed child that had clung to Gilraen's neck on the long, sorrowful ride from the settlement of the dunedain. This was a bright, eager Aragorn, who chattered incessantly after his initial shyness wore off, scrambling under shrubs and bushes with a human's typical glee at getting dirty. He dragged Elrohir by the hand to an anthill and watched in fascination as the tiny black insects marched in and out, and then scampered off again in what quickly became a game of tag. Elrohir mock growled and chased after the boy, letting him escape at the last moment. Aragorn squealed gleefully as he dodged behind Elladan. The young human had forgotten his fear…or so Elrohir thought, until a heavy cloud over the sun deepened the shadows and Aragorn came running back to clutch Elladan's leg, burying his face in the elf's tunic. "What is it, Aragorn?" Elladan asked, his hand falling on the boy's head in an instinctively comforting gesture. "It's dark," Aragorn whimpered in a muffled voice. "You are safe here, young one," Elladan assured, patting the dark curls awkwardly. "You have no need to fear." "Does the cloud trouble you?" Elrohir asked, kneeling beside Aragorn. "I shall scare it away. Look how fierce I am!" Elrohir made a grimace that would have had any orc…not running, perhaps, but certainly staggered. Aragorn peeked at Elrohir's face and giggled. "Grr!" Elrohir added helpfully, and Aragorn giggled again. Elladan smirked unnoticed over their heads. He would have given an entire cask of Dorwinian for Legolas to see this usually reserved elven warrior pulling faces for a human child. Elrohir, encouraged by his success, grinned fiercely and waggled his eyebrows up and down. "Yes, fierce indeed! I am a warrior, I scare bad things away." Aragorn considered this for a moment. "Like Ada?" The elves exchanged quick glances. "Yes, like Ada," Elrohir said softly. "We will protect you, Aragorn. I promise." The peredhel looked at his brother, and their eyes met, binding the vow. "Come, little one," Elladan said in a brighter tone, taking Aragorn's hand once more. "I think we can find some more insects for you." -o-o-o-o- Sunlight gilded the three dark heads as they bent over a flower, and the child's delighted prattle floated up to the two watchers on a balcony overlooking the sheltered garden. A smile she'd forgotten about crept onto Gilraen's face as she turned to her companion. "They are good with him." The tall elf lord that stood beside her smiled fondly down at his sons, the warmth of his expression gentling the hard lines that centuries of war and hardship had wrought in his fair face. He, like his sons, wore no sign of his station; the short-sleeved robe that flowed from his shoulders to brush the tops of his soft leather shoes better suited an elven healer than Rivendell's ruler. Only a ring with the silver star of Ëarendil's house hinted at the high lineage and great power that Elrond Halfelven, Lord of Imladris, possessed. His long-fingered hands rested lightly on the balustrade. "It has been far too long since a child has brightened Rivendell." "It