AN: Luna: Ahem, I would like to go on the record saying that I don't own Twilight or any of the characters. Because if i did, Bella and Edward would have gotten a little more action. SM: Excuse me? You think you can do a better job than me? Luna: Well, yeah. First of all, Bella should have either been with Jasper. And she shouldn't have been so compliant. SM: Jasper. Oh this I have to see. Luna: Ok, but lets make this interesting. If they like my couple better than yours, then you have to tell everyone why in the hell you made them glitter! SM: They don't glitter! They sparkle. Luna: Whatever. Deal? SM:(sighs) Yes Luna. Deal. I'm frozen as Carlisle finishes stitching me up. The scene keeps playing in the back of my head, all of those black hungry eyes focused on my blood. But this is what is to be expected when you run with vampires. Sense my dreary mood is from the disaster that shall forever be known as my birthday party, Carlisle finishes quickly before telling Edward to take me home. "I'm so sorry, my love," Edward gushes his face the epitome of the worried boyfriend. I smile thinly and take his offered hand. Where is Jasper? The guy probably is out tearing his self apart for going at me. He should at least know that I don't blame him, he is empath after all. Not everything can be prevented; some things need to happen so that you can grow from them. And if you ask me Jasper restraint is amazing. I stretch out my body, letting a small yawn out. I chuckle, "I guess being tossed through the air is finally catching up with me." Edward obviously not finding my comical side the least bit funny. Well who pissed on his AB positive? He rests a cool hand on the center of my back and urges me forward. Why is he rushing to get me out of the house? As we turn the corner I crane my head around to catch Carlisle staring out the window, his face etched in concern. "Carlisle," I call his pale face snaps around to look at me. Edward stops his curiosity getting the best of him. "Will Jasper-" "Don't worry about Jasper, I won't let anything hurt you," Edward reassured me needlessly. I go to correct him but he is pushing me forward again and any conversation would be mute at this point. I will just have to catch Jasper another time. The ride to my house is silent. Being with a vampire has it down sides besides the obvious, they can be completely still to the point you wonder if you just imagine they moved. When we pull up to my house the cruiser is parked, and you can see the television lights through the thin curtain. "Are you coming up," The question is useless I can tell by his ridged stature. But I need to hear him say it. Edward turns to me not saying anything and I know this is one of the times he wishes that he could read my mind. He shakes his head and my heart sinks. "No it's in your best interest not to be in my presence." The next moment he is gone, what in the blue fuck? Leave it to Edward to just disappear after saying some of the most cryptic things. I scoff at him and climb out the car. I might be a complete klutz but I'm not hollow in my skull. Its not hard to figure out when I'm not wanted, but of course he will turn it around so that he is looking out for me. When I get into the house, I move quietly so I don't disturb Charlie. I have yet to figure out how to explain to him about my latest injury. If the fates are on my side he will chalk it up to my normal behavior. Whatever my normal is, I don't even know anymore. After dragging myself through the shower and the whole ordeal with clothes, I finally climb into my bed. My curtains are drawn to reveal the starry sky; I pull my comforter further up my body. There is a slightly chill in the air, and I feel it in my bones something isn't right. Maybe I should have asked Edward to stay; he could have snuck out after I slept. I can almost imagine him stroking my hair and humming to me. Thinking about my lullaby my eyes grow heavier and heavier and sleep welcome into its dark arms. "Hey, Edward, look at this," I call over my shoulder bending down to pick up the lone flower. Cool arms wrap around my waist anchoring my fragile body to his. "Isn't it pretty?" He nuzzles my neck. "It's beautiful. What are you going to do with it?" "Preserve it," I smile brightly at him. "It'll be a permanent souvenir of our date." "Its better off dead, what's the point of keeping it forever? You're robbing of its natural gift, death." His words hurt and I push away from him. Good way to kill the mood. I stuff the flower into my pocket and glare at him. Edward is the love of my life but he can be so dense sometimes. Its like he refuses to live in the moment and act out of love. What would be the harm in preserving one little flower. The memories that it would remind me of is far greater than he could imagine. "You don't understand, love," He soothes taking a step towards me. "Then help me!" He nods solemnly and turn on his heels. He strides away without a backwards glance. The butterflies in my stomach turn into angry bees. He isn't leaving is he? He can't get mad over one simple flower. I start after him. "Wait! What are you doing?" "Helping you, I'm too much of a threat." "Edward, wait. I love you! Edward," I shout after him but to no avail he simply disappears. I bolt up in my bed the sun just now peeking out of the clouds. "Wait, I love you." My cheeks are wet from the tears, as if they know something I don't. That dream was too realistic for my taste. Realistic? Wait, I'm too much of a threat . It's not in your best interest to be in my presence. I'm too much of a threat . It's not in your best interest to be in my presence. I'm too much of a threat. No, he wouldn't. Dashing out of my room I barely swipe my keys and slip on some shoes before I'm stumbling down the stairs. Charlie isn't visible and quite frankly that is the least of my worries. He wouldn't. He loves me, he has told me plenty of times. Tears blur my vision as I drive down the familiar road. There is no way in hell he is breaking up with me over a single accident. Oh, please let me not be too late. I shove the pedal harder eager to get to the house. Edward is going to be waiting on the porch, ready to chew me out for not waiting on him to come but lets face the facts I will be happy to see him. My trucks thunders down the road and I'm a bundle of nerves. When I pull up to the house there are no cars our front and my stomach automatically drops. Robotically I step out of the car and walk up the steps towards the mansion. Why hasn't anyone one came out to say hello. Taking a deep breath I push open the door, and suck in a huge breath. The air is empty, the furniture is still here but I know they are gone their presence is lacking. The piano is uncovered standing out in its glory. I settle down at the bench running my hands over the pristine keys. When one of my fingers slips a note plays out in the air. After it finally cease I break down. Heart wrenching sobs rips out of my body. I don't know how long I sat at that bench sobbing uncontrollably when I heard his voice. To me time didn't matter anymore, before it was like a time watch was winding down above my head. "Bella," I turn and stare at his tall frame. His shirt is off showing his well defined muscles. Something I can admit Edward didn't have at all. Jasper shoulders are wide and his chest is hard and sculpted with muscles. He had to be in fit condition when he was turned because there is no way venom made muscles that perfect. I follow his chest down until it starts to curve into a 'v' and them my eyes fly to his golden ones while my cheeks flame. I offer him a weak smile. "They're gone, aren't they?" "Sorry darlin'," He nods but he still keeps his distance. Maybe my emotions are too much for him to deal with right now. "Why didn't you go?" I ask bitterly turning back to the piano. "The same as you. I wasn't invited," I can hear him chuckle but I know he isn't humored in the least bit. "I endangered their favorite person." Upon hearing his words I whirl around on my seat and glare at him. His tone doesn't sit right with me at all. In the next moment I find myself on my feet, glaring daggers at him. "Don't you even think that," Anger pulse through me as I listen to his words again in my head. "You are a vampire not to mention an empath. I am a human. You were fine when I sliced my finger and I know you were fine when I went flying into that glass. While everyone eyes were black yours were golden! There were six hungry vampires in the room and you still managed to control your thirst but what sent you over the edge was that my blood is especially potent to one vampire in particular. Edward. If someone endangered me it was him." Jasper looks at me curiously and he has yet to move. It's oddly comforting to see him act so natural, so vampire like. I know last night I said that it freaked me out when Edward was so still but that is because it seemed so force. With Jasper it's like a second nature to him. "You're not scared that I will drain you dry while you are out here by yourself," I laugh at his words even though they chilled me a little they are still funny. I shrug. "Jasper if you wanted to kill me you would have done it by now. There is an air about you that gives off dangerous vibes. You are the ultimate predator, if you wanted my blood nothing could stop you not even the Cullen's." The next second he is in my face. My heart rate increase dramatically and he grins. Stupid vampire speed. I stuck my tongue out at him and take a step back only to be jerked to his body. He stares into my eyes searching for something. "If you're so smart, why in the hell were you dating Edward ?" I huff but I don't look away. "Because he looked at me. He saw me when he didn't have to. I wasn't plain ole' Bella to him, I was the lamb to his lion." "So you enjoy being defenseless," He says this with obvious distaste. "No, Jasper, I don't," He looks down at me once again. "When everyone was fighting James for me, I wanted nothing more than to help. You misunderstood me. Edward looked at me and saw something worth fighting for, and for that he will always have a place in my heart." Jasper frowns at me and brush some hair