A/N: Hey guys this chapter has been edited thanks to my wonderful Beta RKD-Cullen! Enjoy! Chapter 1: Ready or Not My body stills as I glare at the stick. This was not supposed to happen, I took all the precautions. Except for staying away from him. But how was I supposed to walk away when he smiled the way he did? The answer is: I should have turned and fled and now look at me. This is what I get for making friends with a person with the last name Cullen. I met Alice by chance at a store. She insulted my clothes and I smack her across the face. It quickly turned into a brawl in the middle of the mall. Alice gave as well as she got. The owner wasn't too ecstatic by our damage and actually had us arrested. Alice cursed a lot but we still got shoved into the back of the police car. They put us in a waiting cell together which was a bad idea, we just ended up fighting again. Alice's brother ended up saving our asses. I never asked questions about how or why. He didn't intimidate me but drew me too him. I was a sucker at the first sign of dimples. Coming back to the present I smack my bathroom wall. I don't need this right now! We don't need this. We aren't even a "we." Jasper is fun. We are having fun. Well fun got us in this situation. My phone vibrates heavily on the counter. I suck my teeth as I answer. "Bella!" Of course she is the only person on the face of the earth that screams when calling someone! I exit the bathroom and fling myself on the couch. "Yes, Alice?" She squeals, I don't know why. It might have something to do with her wedding day coming up in two weeks. She is ecstatic, Edward is perfect for her. He is a little too intense for me, per say, but they go hand in hand with the designer shit. "You need to bring your dress over here now!" I grunt but make no move to leave my couch. I'm quite queasy now, "Seriously, everyone is coming for their fitting. Seeing as how you just had to make yours we have to make sure they mesh." "Alice, you've seen my dress!" I protest my stomach rolling violently. "Yes but not you in it surrounded by everyone." "Alice." I warn not amused in the slightest. "Please, it won't take that long." She pouts though she knows it doesn't work on me. Personally I think everyone indulge her way too much, "Jasper will be here." I don't want to see him. Well, I saw him three days ago before he had to leave for business. We ended up not leaving my place for three hours. But how can I face him now? Oh hey fuck buddy, I just want to let you know I'm knocked up. That will go so well. I know what his family does because my father used to be a cop. Now he is retired and owns a gun lodge but that's beside the point. "I'll be there in forty minutes. But be warned I am not staying past you seeing me in the dress." I hang up knowing that is going to leave her seething. In all honesty, I have no idea how Alice and I became friends. She is a personal dresser for some of the rich and famous; I am accomplished painter/photographer, plus I own my own bakery. Our circles don't even come close to intertwining outside my painting circle. Yawning, I go to my bedroom and take down my dress that is safely in a garment bag before lacing up my combat boots and donning my black leather jacket. I toss my dress in the back seat of my Chevy Camaro before starting the car. Make no mistakes I am nowhere close to the wealth of the Cullen's. Partially because I don't do anything illegal. I am still making car payments on this baby but I just couldn't resist. My mother says I should have been a boy, yet in my eyes she should have been a better mother. It doesn't take me long to pull up to Alice's parents' mansion. Even now as I am waved through the gates I roll my eyes. How can anyone find this place homey? It's too elegant and pristine. There is no way that they had an actual childhood in this home. Making sure to park out of the way, I cut my car off and step out. The butler takes my coat when I get inside the house. I wave him down when he attempts to escort me, I've been coming here long enough to know where I'd find Alice. I find it foreign that she is still living with her parents at the age of twenty-three. Hell, as much as I loved Charlie, I left when I turned eighteen. I walk past the massive living room pausing to wave at the men, Jasper being one of them. "Hey, fellas!" I wave happily. Alice is overly exciting in a way that makes people uncomfortable; I'm exciting in a way that people can't help but lighten up when I am around. Even though I am an adult, I'll always be a kid at heart. That's one of the reason Emmett and I get along so well. "Hey, Izzy Iz Iz Iz Izster." Emmett teases and I narrow my eyes. "My name is Isabella but you can Bella with an A. I love coffee with lots of sugar and don't forget the cream," I say in my best polished voice making him laugh. "Why couldn't you give me a sister like her, Carlisle?" Emmett gripes as I wave once again and leave. I find Alice upstairs in her huge room, her short black hair smoothed down in a 1920's style. Rose waves at me eagerly when I come into the room, I wave back truly excited to see her. Rose is a bitch, plain and simple but she has a heart of gold if you stick around long enough to know her. And she has become the big sister that I have always wanted, it's a plus that she is married to Emmett. "Finally," I glare upon hearing her nasally voice. "Who in the fuck invited you?" I snarl, glaring at Tanya Denali. Alice is quick to tug me next to Rose, far away from that disease infested corpse. I never have liked Tanya, it started along the time that Jasper and I started talking. She clearly saw him out with me. He had just given me a kiss! Then, she has the nerves to shove her tits in his face! It was a respect thing and I wasn't about to get disrespect by her. I ask her calmly to leave, she didn't. She called me a few unkind names and I smashed her face into the table. Since then we don't hang around each other. "She is a bridesmaid, Bella." Alice reminds me in a soothing tone. "Bridesmaid? That bitch isn't standing beside me." I am not this bitchy but I swear these hormones are driving me crazy. Rose snickers beside me right before Alice starts talking. "Bellla. She has to stand beside you she complements you." "Alice unless you want one of your bridesmaids sporting a black eye on your day, you will keep her away from me." "She complements you!" "Oh, Alice shut up! Tanya is 5'9 and blonde. Izzy is 5'1 and brunette. If anything, they clash!" Rose glares at Alice who glares back before stomping away. "What did Edward do?" I ask leaning into Rose. She glares ahead, "He refuses to have three cakes and get four ice sculptures." "I am so glad I am not doing the wedding cake, Edward is right to put his foot down. Alice has gotten SO out of control with this whole wedding." "You know that was his only request. He simply adores your triple chocolate cake with the vanilla frosting," She admits sadly. "Yeah, well Alice is outrageous in her demands and wanted Joseph Costa to do her cake. God forbid we get in the way of her labels." Rose nods playing around on her phone. I got back to my thoughts as Alice storms around the room giving out directions on what people should do with their makeup and hair styles. She is a mini tornado and just looking at her is making me nauseated. I bite my tongue hoping to keep it down. If I survive throughout this ordeal without barfing I will be fine. Alice shoves my dress at me and tells me to get undressed. All the girls are doing the exact same thing. I start the process while admiring my handiwork. The dress is silver and a light grey, and it shimmers under the light. Alice's only specification was that it had to have straps and be gray. The top is made like a corset and the bodice is body forming but flows out into a little train. "That dress is the shit!" Rose exclaims standing in her cross strap dress that hugs all of her wonderful curls. Alice squeals and bounces over to me, "This dress is amazing! Your breasts look great in this!" She then lines us up making sure to keep me far away from Tanya who is still seething. She just rubs me the wrong way. It might have something to do with the fact that she is still trying to fuck Jasper. We might not be in a relationship but as long as we are having sex together he won't be fucking anyone else. It's that simple. "Alright, bitches. Don't gain any weight between now and my wedding." Alice commands standing before us tapping her tiny foot, "And Kate you could afford to lose about three pounds or maybe five. Yeah, five will be great." My mouth drops at Alice heartless words. I swear she was never taught any manners. I'm not saying that Esme is a bad mother but she isn't going to win an award anytime soon. It's obvious that Carlisle raised the boys and allowed Esme full reign on Alice. I don't care how much money I make, my child isn't going to be spoiled. I put my clothing back on and leave my dress with Alice upon her request. By the time I have taken it off, my stomach was ready to come up. Without arguing I shove my dress at her and take off for the hall bathroom. In less than a minute I am on my knees throwing up everything I have eaten in the past couple of hours. I rock back taking a deep breath when the retching stops. A couple of seconds pass before I am back to throwing up into the toilet. Ten minutes later I wash my mouth out and leave the bathroom. I can already tell I'm not going to enjoy this aspect of being pregnant. The Cullen's hallway is so massive it's ridiculous. They could easily fit a bedroom out here. My thoughts are still on this when someone falls into step beside me causing me to jump. Jasper shoots me a tight smile that doesn't reach his eyes that puts me on my guard. "You scared me," I wheeze out. He chuckles darkly, "Sorry. Let's go." I look at him confused as he starts ushering me down the hallway. Go? I don't feel like going anywhere especially when he is like this. He doesn't really look angry but I can feel it rolling off of him in waves. "Jay, I don't feel like going anywhere. I don't feel well." "Morning sickness is common in the first trimester." I gasp yanking my hands out of his. How did he know? He stops walking and turns to face me, his face