You know something, I hate cops. Like I fucking hate them. They are all crooked some type of the way. If they aren't abusing the law to work with criminals they are abusing to get ahead in their department. Chicago finest are assholes each time I see one I flick them off. I have a deep sense of hatred for them. Slimy pigs, I tell you. Michelle gives me the stink eye when I waltz into the salon but she can go screw herself. She lets out an annoyed huff when I touch one of the new plants. It's not like it's going to shrivel up and die from my touch. I flip my hair over my shoulder and continue on my path. "Hey cupcake Ali in," I lean over the counter and pop my bubble in her face. She leans back in disgust, " Alice, is with a client. You have to wait your turn." "I'm not here for a fucking appointment. I'm here to visit," I snap looking down at her. She meets my eyes clearly annoyed, "You got something you wanna say?" "Aren't you supposed to be in jail," She believes this will hurt me. Newsflash bimbo its not my first stint in the joint. I shrug, "I'm out on parole. You got a problem with that? No. I didn't think so. Look I going to go back and surprise, Ali. " Bimbo shouts something at me but I ignore her. The women all give me looks as I make my way through the salon. In my torn skinny jeans and oversized Beetles shirt I do indeed stick out. They are all wearing some expensive stuff that I can't even pronounce. The ones that are familiar with me gives me wary glances. Well, I'm not about to burn this bitch down so they can turn their eyes back down to their customers hair. Ali, is in the back performing a wax. She looks up when the door opens ready to chew someone out. Instead she grins widely when she sees its me. I kick the door shut behind me and go over to her. The lady that is getting the Brazilian wax done looks up in obvious discomfort. "Chill, miss lady, I got the same body parts. Well, I don't have all that shit on mines," I tell her pointing at her half waxed crotch. Ali hits me in the arm. I look down at her, "Izzy, you can't say stuff like that to customers!" "Alice, who is this vile creature?" The lady questions risking a look at me. I smile widely at her displaying my pearly whites. "This is my best friend," Ali informs her. "I just got out of prison." They both give me a 'what the hell look'. I shrug and take a seat away from them. It's funny as shit to see Ali positioned between some random lady legs ripping off patches of pubic hair. For one because Ali hates anything in her face besides dick and two she has too much personality. "Yo, Ali, what's up with these people and calling you Alice ," I ask her. "It's my job, Sparky, I can't having them calling me by my nickname," Ali tells me her eyes never leaving the lady crotch. She tsk when the lady flinches as she rips off another patch of hair, "You been to Renee's yet?" Nope, I hadn't want to deal with that shit. Alice takes my silence in stride already knowing the answer. Alice is the only family I got really. She knows she would be the first person I would see when I left the big house. I stopped Alice from coming to see me four years ago once I saw how it was messing with her. She is a delicate person when it comes to certain stuff. She hates seeing the stuff she cares about mistreated. Alice has a big heart like the size of the pendant draped around her neck. Alice don't make that much money in this place to afford something like that. It's real too, probably five carats if my eyes aren't deceiving me. Someone got them a rich admirer. "Who's the lucky guy?" I ask spinning around in my chair. "A guy I met at a club a couple weeks ago," She doesn't bother denying it. I nod to myself, "Is he the one that was helping you send me money." "What? No! I did that by myself. He has been paying some of my bills leaving me with extra cash. I wouldn't ask him to do that unless it was necessary," Alice proclaims. "Cool. Hey, can I crash at your place later," I ask her. She nods with a small smile on her face, "I'm about to go find James." "Be careful. I don't like him, Sparky." James is an acquaintance of mines that was responsible for my last stint. I told that fucker that he had the wrong house but what does he do? Go into the fucking house and trip the fucking security alarm. He got let off but they nailed me with the security footage. I roll my neck staring at the huge guy manning the front door. James set up shop in an abandon house on the rough side of town so nobody would know what he was up too. The man looks at me curiously with my two pigtails and a metal baseball bat. Just as he cocks his head to the side I swing the bat. The guy goes down on his knees with a loud groan. I proceed to knock him in the back of the head to ensure he stays out for a couple of hours. When I go inside the house Brady stands up but I hit him in the kneecaps. It goes on like this as I make my way through the house. Hitting random people kneecaps. "Sparky!" I turn with my bat in the air. James stands in the door of the kitchen. His greasy hair is pulled back in a low ponytail and there is a bruise on his right cheek. He is going to have a matching one on the other side if he doesn't give me what I want and now. We look at each other neither one of us moving from out places. "Where is it," I yell at him. "What the hell are you talking about? And why are you hitting people with bats?" I huff, "You know damn well what I am talking about. I want my board goddamnit!" "You took out half of my people for a fucking skateboard! Are you insane," James yells at me his eyes darkening. I have had that board for two years. It's a part of me that I rather not relinquish and when I returned home I expected to find it only to see that it's missing. So I do not think I am overreacting. There are two things in this world that I will kill for: Alice and my board. "Maybe! Now where is it," He punches the wall near his head in anger. It's a fear tactic that isn't working on me. I have known him way too long to allow his burst of anger to affect me. "Your damn board is upstairs. Go get it and get the hell out. If you aren't gone in three minutes I am shooting you in the ass," He declares before stomping away. After grabbing my board and jumping out of the second story window I make my way towards Alice flat. She lives in a nice apartment building that house an assortment of people. Alice bought this place like a year ago. This is the first home she has ever had. I punch in the code and head up the stairs. Alice won't be home for at least another hour at the earliest. Knowing Alice she will be doing her best to get out of that salon to see me. I open the door and immediately relax. This is home. No matter where I go or how long I stay away when I am here surrounded by Alice and security nothing seems to matter. I lock the door before heading to my bedroom to take a shower and change into some clothes. An hour and fifteen minutes later I emerge from the bedroom clean and relax. Alice is seated on the couch in a part of cotton shorts and a thin tank top. She looks at my oversized band tee that falls past my knee in amusement. In her lap is a bowl of popcorn. Did I mention how much I love Alice? Alice laughter rings out into the room like a breath of fresh air. Somehow in my haste to get to the popcorn I made both of us end up on the floor yet none of the popcorn spill. Alice arch a perfect eyebrow as I stuff a fist full of popcorn into my mouth. "Fat ass," She jabs scrambling to sit on the couch. "Evil leprechaun," I retort as I situate myself between her legs for the movie. "I'm glad you're back, Sparkle," Alice comments as she runs a hand through my thick unruly mane. The morning I am woken to a loud curse, from a male. I'm on my feet in an instant pausing only to grab my glock out of the bedside table. When I round the corner I see a bronzed haired individual hopping on one foot a box lay discarded at his feet. He is lean like a swimmer but there is a certain danger about him. He stops moving when he notices me staring at him holding a gun. "Where did you come from," He ask his pain momentarily forgotten. "Out of my room," I point towards the back. Sighing I click the safety on my gun, "So who the fuck are you and why are you in my best friend's home?" "I'm Edward," He offers a hand that I decline. He nods and step back taking to stuffing his hands into his pockets, "So that's who that room belongs to. Alice never opens it or go in it." "Privacy," I mummer going past him to the kitchen. Ali left a note on the counter telling me that Edward is going to stop by with a package and that she should be home around lunch time. I look back at the love sick fool with curiosity. He is shorter than usual guys Ali goes for but not extremely short. He is about 5'10 give or take one inch. "Don't touch it," I warn without look back to know that he is reaching for my gun. "Do you always tote a gun," He asks. I sigh and turn around, "Look dude, I don't know you. So I am not going to answer your questions. Normally I am not this bitchy but it's a morning and I don't do mornings." "You want me to make you breakfast," He offers giving me a crooked grin. "What are you? Gay?" "A guy can cook without being gay," Edward huffs crossing his arms, "Alice, can't cook so I assumed you couldn't either." Chuckling I bring down a bowl, "Ali, isn't very domesticated in that sense. Got a heart of gold that one but she can't boil water to save her life." "Yeah, I just wish I knew why she is pushing me away," He wonders outloud. A part of me doesn't want to chime in my thoughts. Yet, I know the reason why. I peek at him as I lay the bacon in pan and turn the stove on. He seems harmless enough but I haven't seen him with her. Though I got a pretty good idea of who he is from Ali. The girl is head over heel for him. "She is scared," I tell him looking up from the grits I am stirring, "Ali, doesn't do well when it comes to