Welcome to Middle-Earth to follow the Guardians of the Middle-Earth adventures to stop the ancient evil from conquering and covering the North with darkness in the name of Dark Lord Sauron and save the Middle-Earth from the dark forces of evil. ENJOY OF READING! (I don't own Lord of the Rings. Only my own characters and my own edits in Middle-Earth's ) ASSEMBLING OF the GUARDIANS OF MIDDLE-EARTH. Gandalf: 71 Years before the great War of the Ring, many songs have been sung and many tales told about the many heroes and their heroical actions all around of the Late Third Age of Middle-Earth; Like the fierce and an unprecedented counter-attack of the hobbits led by the young hobbit named Bandobras "Bullroarer" Took against the terrible goblin king's Golfimbul's goblin invasion upon Shire in the great Battle of Greenfields defeating the goblin king. Like the great king of Rohan, Helm Hammerhand, saved his people and defeated the dunlending invasion against Rohan at the gates of Hornburg, the great fortress of Helm's Deep. Like the young dwarf Prince Dain II Ironfoot defeated the evil orc king, Azog, in the great and terrible battle of Azanulbizar in front of the Eastern-Gates of the ancient dwarf kingdom of Moria in the final days of the great War between the Orcs and Dwarves. Like the lakeman Bard Bowman, the descendant of the Lord Girion of Dale, killed the mighty Dragon Smaug with the Black Arrow. Like three four of the North, Bard the Bowman, Dain Ironfoot, Thranduil of Mirkwood led the united armies of lakemen, elves and dwarves against the terrible army of orcs, goblins, bats and wargs in the great Battle of the Five Armies in front of the kingdom of Erebor and the City of Dale. Like the suicidal but heroical counter-attack of elves, lakemen and dwarves rallied and led by Thorin II Oakenshield against the evil orc king Bolg, son of Azog, and his overwhelming legions of goblin bodyguards and wargs, giving his life for the freedom of his homeland. And like one of the famous hobbits among the dwarves, Bilbo Baggins, helped the entire people of dwarves to reclaim their homeland lost to the dragon Smaug in 2770 and return it to its rightful owners. With all such of heroic acts, we've been able to hold the evil from conquering our lands and covering everything good, light, beautifulness, happiness and freedom into the evil, darkness, destruction, agony and slavery upon of these lands. However, the peace is not eternal. Couple years after the Battle of the Five Armies... Even after the necromancer, who was recognized to be Sauron returned, had been banished away from the ruined evil fortress of Dol Guldur by the White Council, I though that after their massive defeat and huge massacre in the battle of the Five Armies, which wiped out most of their wreched and filthy people, the remaining orcs and goblins and many other hideous creatures of the Misty Mountains retreated far to the north behind of the mountains of ancient kingdom of Angmar, where they hid to escape the persecution and where they neither cannot cause the harm to the peoples in the shouth I though that wiping out most of his forces, we managed strike hard and deep into the enemy's strength that HE was more than just willing to leave us alone for the next decades. But I was so wrong... I've been informed by the great eagles of the Misty Mountains, that there's something going on in the north. The small groups of the goblins and orcs seems to have grown into the herds and they've once again started to swarm in the hidden tunnels and caves deep under the Misty Mountains. The mountain fortress of Gundabad, which I though had been abandoned after the orcs and goblins massive defeat and massacre on the Lonely Mountain, has been once again taken under the rule of evil. But the most concerning thing which worries me deeply, is that the darkness seems to been growing far away in both of the Mountains of Angmar and the Hills of Ettenmoors and the huge area between of these evil mountains is swarming by the hideous creatures . Whatever this a new and strange evil dwells in those mountains, it's possibly the great threat to the lands of Eriador. The White Council has been once again called to the meet in Rivendell, but because I knew that using our blind credulity, the e vil has had time to prepare to counterattack and they may strike even now when weren't yet ready for them. So I needed more time to get unsuspecting peoples of Eriador to get prepared for the upcoming threat and someones to keep an eye of the evil's movements while my full attention was in preparing for the council meeting. So, I sent the message to all over of Middle-Earth, calling the volunteer warriors to the meet I kept in secret from Council. I had to wait for very long time for the responds to my messages, until I eventually, and finally, got the responds from the handful of volunteer warriors from all four peoples of Middle-Earth. and what these warriors did after a long-awaited responding and a secret meeting between of me and them , it belongs now to among the many major deeds, which had ever been done in Third Age of Middle-Earth. These brave and great warriors heroical story deserves to be told, known as... ...THE GUARDIANS OF THE MIDDLE-EARTH! One night, a week before the meeting of the White Council in Rivendell, I set a secret meeting between of me and these warriors in the town of Bree, where I was supposed to meet the warrios in the corner of the main room of Prancing Pony. TA 2944. One rainy night, as always, the guard of the gate of Town of Bree was in his booth smoking a pipe. It was quite peaceful tonight. Not much visitors nor hobbit and dwarf merchants. There was only passing travelers who had no intend to stop here for the night. They only kept going on their way in the muddy road. The guard nearly hopped that there was no one coming tonight so he can have a chance to go to sleep. However, as he was intend to do so, someone knocked to the wooden gate. The guard snorted in annoyance that someone had eventually decided to stop here for the night. However, he had to do his job. So he took his hooded raincoat, put it on him and stepped out from him dry, warm and gozy booth and stepped to the gate. At first, he had to check the newcomer before he was able to let him in. The guard opened the small wooden hatch in the gate and peeke out. He saw a tall and slender mand standing in from of the gate. who had dressed as well into hooded raincoat. Who would walk alone in the road in this pouring rain without the hooded raincoat. The man had the black beard and black hair and under of his raincoat seemed that he had dressed the silky white-crey travel robe. The man was also carrying something with him. Something like the walking stick or staff, which top the stranger had however covered with the fabric... for the some strange reason, the guard guessed. "Who are you and what do you want?" The guard said with a bit annoyed and gruff tone. The stranger narrowed his blue eyes and coiled his nose in disgust for such of gruff greetings. "I am Evidin, Son of Eferar. I'm here to meet someone in the inn of Prancing Pony. Nothing else about me or my purpose in here is not in your concern." The stranger called Evidin said with the strong and stern tone. Evidin's tone of voice had the great effect for the guard as he took aback. The guard also made clear to himself that whoever this stranger was, it may not be wise to antagonize him. Especially after he saw the long two-handed sword peeking from its scabbard, which was hanging in his left flank. So, the guard humbly stepped back and closed the hatch and opened the gate. "Pardon me, sir. I'm just doing my job. It's just... no one will ever know that what kind of business the strangers move with in these days" The guard said humbly. Evidin walked inside of the gate but suddenly stopped after entering and turned his stern face towards the guard who humbly bowed down either in the remorse, respect or simply out of fear. "Then do your job, and you make the great service to this town." Evidin said back. The guard slowly and humbly stood upright, nodded at Evidin and closed the door. "May you help me and tell me that where I can find the inn of Prancing Pony?" Evidin asked. "Walk straight ahead to the town center and once you're there, turn to the right. There's the sign above of the inn-like building's door with the picture of the fat pony standing on its hind legs and beneath of the picture reads "Prancing Pony." You cannot miss it." The Guard guided. Evidin pushed his hand into his pocked and pulled out the small bag of money and threw it to the guard's hands, without paying any attention to him. The guard grabbed the bag from the hair into his hands and looked at the stranger with the dumbfounded and with a bit confused expression on his face. "As my thanks." Evidin said and kept walking towards the town center as the guard only shrugged and returned to his dry, warm and gozy booth. Roadstone was also quite muddy, but it didn't bothered Evidin. What bothered him that from all the villages of the Eriador, Bree had to be the one in which among the honest men, dwarves and hobbits had hide the many dishonest residents... like some dishonest hobbits and dwarves who lives in this town's streets by pick-pocketing from the others, especially from the new unsuspecting visitors... but the worst ones were among the men. Evidin had already heard that there's happened the numerous bloody street- or bar-fights or intentionally made burglary and arson work all around of the town. And on top of that, some of the strange visitors were from the barbaric lands of the Dunland or Rhudaur. These men were never polite and they were always either bullying or talk big to the weaker and nearly defenseless visitors and residents. Evidin has also heard that there was once happened the attack of the raiders, which were however either driven back or captured by his kind. Evidin was one of the blood of the people of the nearly extinct race of Nûmenor... and he belongs to the dûnedain rangers as the protector of these lands and its people, such of hobbits. Evidin was also elf-friend, which meant that he had good relationship with the elves by knowing their language, their history, their skills and some of their magic, which made him as the wizard-like despite being the mortal man. As the proof it, he was wearing the elf-made silvery forehead crown with the inlays of three gemstones on his head, whuch he kept under of his hood. And the staff he was carrying with him was indeed the staff and even the elf-made staff, which was silver-white by the color and in its top has hewn the figure of the White Tree of Gondor, which has the white crown above of its upper branches and it was surrounded by Seven crystal-white shiny Stars. Under of the figure of the White Tree seemed to be the inlays of three shiny gemstones coiled by the Tree's white roots. The gemstones in his crown and the staff One of the stones was the bright white, another one was the deep-toned blue and third and the last one was