Hello everyone! I'm actually here with the chapter—imagine that! LOL ;) But seriously, I wasn't hoping to wait this long before I uploaded it. It was simply that I had so much trouble with this chapter that I couldn't get it done. Thanks to Chandrakanta for betaing this! She is seriously amazing! Before you go on and read, if you would like to, here's the link to this story's banner: s1108 dot photobucket dot com/user/bexie25/media/Banners%20for%20Stories/OurChoicebanner_zpsc3e45744 dot jpg dot html?sort=3&o=0 Newcomers, if you haven't read A Choice you really need to. And if you didn't know already, and would like to join, there is a facebook group for this series. Here's the link: facebook dot com/groups/118639404965906/ Read, review, enjoy! ;) The January sun in my eyes woke me up. With a deep breath and a slight frown of irritation because of the red I was seeing behind my eyelids, I opened my eyes and blearily looked toward the window, taking in the features of the room. It was sunny today and I smiled. My back was bare to the surprising heat of the morning sun, the bed sheet only covering my lower half, barely concealing my ass. Through the thinness of the cotton sheet, I could feel Edward's hand resting on my lower back, his fingers splayed to cover both my ass and the small of my lower back, digging in slightly into the two dimples. The contrast of the heat of the sun on my skin combined with the ice-cold of Edward's hand felt incredible and titillating; it made my skin tingle. I stretched as I inhaled again, and a low rumble made me turn my head, my cheeks brushing against the pillow under my head. I smiled softly at my mate as he looked into my eyes, his warm butterscotch ones so full of love. That same love, I was sure, was reflected in mine as I stared up at him. "Hello, beautiful," he whispered, breaking the silence almost unwillingly. I hummed and pulled myself closer to him, the muscles in my neck and shoulders straining. Edward's eyes flickered down to my chest and he licked his lips at the sight of my breasts pressed together as I moved. I smiled to myself, pleased, as always, that I could evoke such a reaction in him. I stopped myself from looking down to see just how much he might have reacted; I'd know soon enough anyhow. When I was close enough, I pushed myself up to kneel in front of him. The sheet fell away from my body and my nipples tightened as the cool air hit my skin, my core aching as Edward's now-black eyes flickered down my body, landing and staying on my swollen lower lips. The rumble in his chest grew louder and I giggled to myself, biting my lip as I leaned forward slowly, teasingly. Wordlessly, I pressed the palms of both my hands against his cool chest and pushed. Edward smiled at my efforts; we both knew I couldn't actually push him down no matter how much I really wanted to. And I really did; it was one of the things at the top of my list of what I want to do after my transformation. Probably knowing what I wanted to do, after a few seconds of looking at me with that goofy, adorable smile of his, he lay back so I could climb onto him. "Hi," I whispered back as I lifted a leg and slid over him, straddling him. Edward's hands flashed to grip my hips and I sighed as he began to rub circles on my hip bones. I exhaled and leaned forward, my breasts pushing together again as I braced my hands on his chest. I pecked him on the lips then pulled back quickly. Much too quickly for Edward, apparently, as that low rumble turned into a sort of growly sound and he threaded his fingers through the hair at the nape of my neck. He pulled me closer, and I moaned as our lips touched and the usual electricity that was always around sparked. We both smiled and cocked our heads to the side, moving closer as we deepened the kiss. I hummed as Edward ended the kiss with one last nip at my bottom lip. "Bella, my sweet mate, as much as I would love to lounge with you for a few hours," Edward whispered against my skin, rubbing his cheek against mine, "I am afraid our presence is required up at the main house. Alice called for us an hour ago, but one look at you and I couldn't bring myself to wake you up. You've been so tired lately." I pouted at the thought of our time together being cut short, but, knowing I could do nothing to persuade him otherwise, I sighed and got up. "Okay," I replied levelly, slapping my hand over my mouth as I yawned once more, my eyes watering. "We better get dressed then." I smiled at the low growl that Edward released as I got up, not caring to cover my stark-naked body, and walked into the wardrobe. I loved knowing that I affected my mate as much as he did me, but it did present a problem—his reactions were a huge turn-on and there would be no relief until later on. "I'm gonna have a quick shower, baby," I called over my shoulder, walking back out into our bedroom, having grabbed an outfit off one of the racks on my side of the walk-in-wardrobe. I could feel the end result of last night's escapades slowly seeping out of me, and whilst I loved the reminder and I knew from Edward's blackened eyes that he loved the mark it made on me, I knew the practical thing to do was clean myself up. Plus, Emmett wouldn't leave us alone if we walked up to the house smelling of sex. "All right, darling," Edward said, stalking forward. He took the clothes from my hands and cupped my cheeks, kissing me fully and lovingly on the lips for a few seconds before he broke the kiss and let go of me. "I shall get breakfast ready for you and then whilst you eat, I'll take my shower." I nodded. "Sounds good." He smiled down at me. "Is there anything in particular that you would like?" I bit my lip and thought for a minute. "Uh… no, I don't think so. Maybe just some banana toast? I really don't mind, baby." "All right then," he said, pecking me on the lips once more and chuckling when I tried to deepen it, only for him to pull away. He kissed the pout off my face and walked out, mumbling under his breath. I giggled, loving that I could fluster him so. I dashed into the bathroom, aware of how much time Edward had given me. I really hoped whatever they wanted wasn't that important, because I knew we'd be at least another twenty minutes, perhaps even half an hour if Edward wanted to go slow. The heat of the water on my skin woke me up, and I showered quickly, washing hastily. I shut the water off quickly and was mindful to slow down when I hopped out and grabbed a towel. I toweled my legs and arms then grabbed a second and walked out to where Edward was in the kitchen. He looked up from the plate and walked over. He inhaled deeply as he made it to me, and purred a sweet "beautiful" in my ear. He took the towel from my hand gently and wrung my hair out. I smiled and leaned into his hands, sighing as the towel dropped to the floor and he massaged my head. "Thank you," I said a few moments later, leaning up and turning my head to catch his lips at an odd angle. He smiled into the kiss, wrapping his arms around me. "Enjoy, my love," he said, before he let me go and stepped back. I smiled up at him in thanks again, and took the plate to the table a few feet away. I watched as his smile grew, a look of satisfaction on his face as he walked toward our bedroom, the towel he used for my hair in hand. He turned around the corner—off to take his shower. I sat the plate down and stood there staring at it for a moment, debating with myself on whether to eat and then get dressed or get dressed and then eat. I decided on the latter and ran my hands through my now-dry hair as I padded to our bedroom. Toweling myself down once more, I threw it into the hamper in the corner of the room—a relatively new addition. My hair whipped against my back as I turned sharply back to the clothes, reaching for the red panties and bra, slipping them on quickly before I pulled on the dark grey-wash jeans and the sweet blue top I'd become particularly fond of. I grabbed the pair of flats I'd haphazardly stepped out of last night, quirking my lips as I found them disorderly coupled against the door. My breathing stuttered as I remembered our frenzy last night, and I moaned lightly before shaking my head and walking back out to my breakfast. Edward was sitting out there in a towel and I swallowed, his appearance not doing anything to relax me after my own moment just a few seconds ago. He smiled at me, his eyes smug, cocky, and fucking cheeky as he took in my flushed cheeks and heated stare. "Go get dressed," I said quietly, swallowing and licking my lips. I detoured to the fridge and got out the orange juice, needing to quench a suddenly dry throat. He snickered as he stood up. In a blink, he was thankfully away in our bedroom and I took a deep breath. "Fuck me," I whispered under my breath. "Any time, my sweet girl," Edward called and I huffed, shaking my head. "Fuckin' incorrigible," I muttered as I sat down, setting my juice down on the table and picking up a piece of toast. I hummed in appreciation as I bit down, the crunch of the toast just what I had been craving. "But only for you," Edward called again and I choked before quickly swallowing. "Stop responding to my mutterings!" I called to him, exasperated. He chuckled as he appeared sitting in front of me. He leaned over the table and kissed me. "Sorry, sweetheart." "Yeah," I mumbled as I focused on eating. We sat there—me eating and Edward watching—for a few minutes in relative silence, which was only broken by the sound of Edward's phone ringing. He answered it after only one ring, and I frowned as a look of agitation came across his face. "Alice, we will be there within the next ten minutes," he reasoned, flashing me a smile and rolling his eyes. I chuckled as I heard Alice's phone-voice shout at him not to roll his eyes. "I am terribly sorry, dearest sister. But we shall be with you shortly—you can scold me properly then, all right?" Edward shut his phone and turned it onto silent before tucking it back into the back pocket of his jeans. I took a chance to get an eyeful of him and smiled at the black button-up he had on. I fucking loved black on this man. "What's this all about?" I asked to distract myself, getting up to put my plate in the sink. I walked around the island and turned on the water, looking up at Edward. He sighed. "Alice won't tell me, so I haven't the faintest idea. However, everyone else is there, including your father, so I have a small inkling it could be about the move." He glanced at me as he said that last part. I tongued the inside of my left cheek,