Hi everyone! So this is something I wrote back in about August (I think) for Fandom 4LLS. It's something that originally came to me whilst I was watching Home and Away , which for my American readers (which, let's not kid, is about all of you) is a soap opera. Also for my Americans, this is set in Sydney, Australia. Eventually, it transformed into something completely different, and now I have this oneshot that I would really like to share with you. I just want to quickly warn that a HEA is ensured. ;) But also that the subject matter of this oneshot is quite sad and if you have any experience with cancer - in particular, melanoma - it may not be a good idea for you to read this if you're sensitive about it. The members of Bexie25 Fanfics have been hearing all about this, and were privy to a small teaser of the chapter, but that's about it. For you, I hope this lives up to whatever you hoped it would be... :) The banner is in my facebook FF group-Bexie25 Fanfics. Last but not least, enjoy, and I'll see you down the bottom! Thank you! Disclaimer: I own nothing; SM owns everything Twilight. Warning: Lemon, sensitive matter My nose wrinkled as I walked down the hall toward my husband's room. The smell was weird, uncomfortable but still not all that horrid. It was oddly sweet in a way, but at the same time, disturbing and disconcerting. It was the smell of old people, I supposed, combined with that of antiseptic and disease. I hated coming here. Every time I came, it felt as though my heart was tearing just a little more than it already was. I hated leaving just as much, going back to an empty house that should be filled with the one person I cannot live without. Sydney's Royal North Shore hospital was a hospital I hated in particular. My father's father had died there, as had my father himself, and now it was quite possible he would, too. If only we had realised the signs… if we had been more careful. Last year, in November, he had been fine. Not feeling too well, with an ugly mole on his back from the sunbaking days of his childhood, but all right nonetheless. Ten months later, and I hardly recognised him; he was tired all the time, hooked up to machines, his gorgeous, messy mane completely gone. He was thin—sickly thin—and his pale skin had not a hint of colour. But, lately, things had taken a turn for the worse. He was so weak now that he couldn't get out of bed, and he was asleep most of the day. I could only hope he was awake now, but I didn't mind sitting with him if he wasn't. I rounded the last corner and stood still for a moment as I reached the door to his room. My heart broke and my throat tightened as I took in the sight of my husband, depleted and as pale as the bed sheets, his eyes closed. Oh, Edward. He wasn't comfortable, though at the moment, he never was. He was mumbling a little, his brow puckered in distress, his head lolling from side to side. I swallowed back the pain of seeing him like this and took a deep breath before stepping into the room. I didn't stop until I reached him, and I grabbed his hand carefully in mine, rubbing my thumb against the back of it. "Edward, baby," I whispered, sitting down in the chair the nurses had set up by his side. He let out a sound that was the mixture of a groan and a whimper. I frowned and leaned closer, swapping the hand that held his gently so I could caress and cup his cheek. "Love, it's all right. I'm here now." "Hmm… Bella," he whispered, so quietly I almost missed it. He moaned and squeezed his eyes shut weakly, a weird choking sound erupting from his throat as he tried and failed to swallow. I bit back a sob. "I'm here," I said in a soothing tone. "I'm right here, Edward. It's all right." He groaned wordlessly, but after a moment he seemed to settle down into a calmer sleep. I smiled softly as I watched him settle. I stayed for a while as he slept, and we were undisturbed, thankfully. Edward did not open his eyes once, but on a few occasions, he whispered my name. Those were the moments I lived for. I looked up when Edward's doctor, Doctor Snow, entered the room. "Doctor Snow," I greeted him. He smiled and nodded at me, and I shook his hand, not bothering to get up. I wasn't willing to leave Edward's side for anything. "Mrs Cullen. Would it be all right to have a word with you? We have Edward's latest test results back in." My heart lurched in my chest and I swallowed. I didn't respond for a moment as I tried to calm myself, in the process beating the hope that welled; there was no use as it was always in vain. "If you wouldn't mind, I really would prefer if we could stay here?" I asked him quietly, glancing at Edward. "I'd really rather not leave his side; he's not sleeping easily." Doctor Snow nodded. "Yes, well, that's to be expected. Edward's condition is very serious, Isabella." Tears welled in my eyes as my mind came to understand what my heart could not. "How long?" I whispered hoarsely after a moment. My eyes trained on Edward's face, riveted. Even as Doctor Snow answered me, I could not look away. "Not long," he replied gravely, clearing his throat. "I'd say a few days, at the rate he is going now." I clenched my eyes closed as my throat tightened inexplicably. A sob built in my chest and I couldn't help but let it out. Pain, undeniable fucking grief, gripped me tight and consumed me. "Edward," I cried, gripping his hand harder in mine. He groaned, but I couldn't loosen my grip. Sob after sob wracked my frame as I held onto the one thing I needed, the one thing I could not live without. "Oh, god, Edward..." I gasped and flew up into a seated position. I was shaking, the room around me black. My eyes instantly landed on Edward, who lay asleep, ignorant and sound, just beside me. My brow puckered and I wiped the tears from my eyes with the sides of my hands, staring at my very much alive and sleeping husband. I was in utter disbelief. The pain of that… that dream —that nightmare—still gripped me tight, not letting go. It squeezed at my pounding heart and grappled with my mind and eyes as I tried struggled to understand what had just happened and what I was seeing before me now. I sunk back into the bed and turned to face Edward, my eyes wide as they flew over his features in undiluted panic. His face was the epitome of calm and peace; such a ridiculous contradiction to mine, panic-stricken, pained and disbelieving. Hesitantly, I reached toward him and let my fingers graze the skin of his cheeks, his jaw. My breath hitched and my throat tightened again as my mind started to slowly come back to reality the more I looked at my husband's sleeping face. My hand flew to my mouth as tears streamed down my face, clouding my vision. I sobbed into my hand as I stared at Edward, relief paramount as my mind slowly came to terms with the fact that this was real, and not a dream. I huddled closer to Edward, needing to feel him envelop me in his arms. I didn't turn, instead opting to let my arm drape across his chest, my head against his shoulder. Even in sleep, Edward wrapped his arms around me and mumbled my name. I let out one more little sob before I closed my eyes and breathed in Edward's deep scent, letting it lull me to a thankfully dreamless sleep. ~O~ I didn't sleep well for the next week. Every time Edward left for work and I was alone, fear struck me and I would simply sit there in bed, unable to move. I still couldn't handle the thought of that ghastly nightmare, but the sounds, the smells, images and words were everywhere, determined to not leave me alone. I was petrified, living in a constant state of fear and anxiety. My eyes were often on Edward, searching his every feature. We'd showered together the morning afterwards, and I'd burst into tears when I spotted a mole on his back. I gripped Edward as he slept. Every time I felt like I was drifting, teetering on the edge of consciousness and sleep, I would jolt awake. Edward asked me what was wrong several times, and I tried to brush it off and say it was nothing, but I knew he saw right through me. He always had. But, thankfully, he also knew that I would say something when I was ready, so he tried to act as normally as possible despite my many freak-outs and my borderline obsessive behaviour. I became increasingly agitated with myself. I felt like I was going crazy. Worry, fear, pain, and anxiety gripped me every second of every day. I had no idea what to do, until I talked to my mother when she called while Edward was at work on the following Friday. " Darling, what's the matter ?" she asked after a few moments of mindless chatter. She must have realised that I wasn't even really listening as she gave me her weekly spiel about what she'd been up to, how she was doing. Even after all these years, it was still so hard for her without Dad. "What?" I asked absentmindedly. "I'm fine. Nothing's wrong." " I call bullshit ," she replied in that strict mother voice of hers. I sighed. "I'm just worried. I… I had a dream that was a little disconcerting and I don't know what to do about it." " I take it, it was about Edward ?" she asked softly. I swallowed. "Uh, yeah, it-it was." " Well, darling, maybe you could look up whatever it was that scared you ?" she suggested softly, and I heard a little ruffling of papers in the background. " It might give you some peace of mind …" I frowned, unable to argue with the logic of her words, at the same time that my heart pounded painfully. It was true that it could make me feel better, but there was a possibility that it would make me feel worse; what happened if the dream turned out to be true? I mean, Edward had spent a lot of time in the sun when he was younger… that upped the chances of melanoma, right? I sighed. "I might, ma. I don't know." " Ok, darling ," she replied. " Well, I'll let you go, ok? It's getting late and if you do want to look it up, it might be best to do it before Edward gets home. He's been very concerned about you ." I frowned, a swell of anger gripping me. "Wait, did he call you? Are you doing this for him? Mum, you cannot tell him about this." She hushed me. " Calm, sweetheart. He merely called me and asked if I knew anything; said you'd been acting weird and distant all week. You're frightening him, darling ," she told me tentatively. " I suggest you talk to him about this ." I went to object, but sighed harshly instead. "I've got to go. I'll call you next week, ok?" " All right, dear ," she said. " And, Bella, please do talk to him; that husband of yours is crazy about you. He's absolutely terrified that