Hey everyone, I know, it's been a while since I've posted or updated anything, and I am so sorry about that. I have been so busy at the moment, and it's only going to get worse over the next couple months. I should be all good by November though... This was a little something I wrote for the Fandom Against Juvenile Diabetes a while back. The dates completely whizzed by me and this is a month overdue in posting. I posted on Facebook with a teaser and the banner (which you can find in my Facebook group bexie25 Fanfics-link on profile) then decided to put this up tonight. Thanks to MarieCarro for her work on the manips for the banner and the cover image! :) This is set in Sydney, Australia (my home!) and believe it or not I did a little research for this. More on that down the bottom though... wouldn't want to give anything away... ;) Penname: bexie25 Title: Fandom: Twilight Pairing: Edward/Bella Rating: M Beta/pre-reader: bexie25 Banner Maker: bexie25 (with MarieCarro's manips) Disclaimer: SM owns twilight. I own this plot. Warnings: lemon, medical trauma Summary: The day starts off completely normal for Bella and Edward. But when a technical default sees an innocent, vulnerable life threatened, hope sees a miracle occur. Set in Sydney, Australia. FAJD contribution. BPOV I woke up and immediately looked down, away from the brilliant, bright sun which was coming through the windows. I smiled at the sight before me; Edward's hands splayed over my very pregnant belly, his lips pressing against it. I could feel his lips moving against my skin, and hear faintly his voice as he murmured to our child. I reached up and ran my fingers through his hair, my smile growing when his untameable hair became even more messed up. Without stopping, his soft green eyes looked up at me, a lopsided grin gracing his face before he pressed his lips to my belly once more. Then he crawled up my body, bracing his weight on his forearms as his face came level to mine. "Morning, baby," he whispered to me. "Morning," I whispered back. He leaned down and kissed me. What started as a sweet and tender kiss became something more when I deepened it. We shared a moan as his hand ran up from my calf to the top of my thigh. He broke the kiss. "Damn, Bella, that's some morning kiss," he said, breathing heavily. I was, too, but more than that, I was more than in the mood for a little loving now. I pushed against his chest, and he quickly got the picture, flipping over onto his back. His hands were on my thighs as I climbed up and settled on top of him. I leaned down as far as I could, and Edward leaned up as far as he could, too. Our lips met again and I couldn't help but rub against him a little, my breathing getting even heavier quickly. "Edward," I whimpered when his hands, now on my hips, pulled me down against him. He arched up into me, breaking the kiss only to brush his lips down my neck, sucking and licking and kissing and nipping. "Please…" I rested my hands on his chest as he lifted me up. Lately, I've been sleeping naked because of how hot it's been in Sydney—fucking mid-forties for a pregnant woman was horrible—and Edward had quickly followed suit. Moral support, the cheeky fucker called it. I reached down between us and whined as my fingers just touched his cock but couldn't wrap around it. He chuckled breathlessly and reached down between us as well, steadying his cock and guiding it into me. I moaned as he loosened his grip on my hips and I slowly sunk down onto him. As soon as he was completely sheathed inside me, I started to move. Bracing my hands even harder on his chest, I rocked my hips back and forth on him, circling my hips as I lifted up and down. He groaned and let go of my hips completely, leaving it up to me to control the action. Instead, his hands snaked up to my breasts to play with my nipples. Tugging, tweaking, running his thumbs over them, he manipulated them just the way I liked it. I cried out when he reached up and wrapped his lips around one, his tongue laving and sucking. I bore down on him harder, riding him harder and squeezing him like a vice. I smirked at the strangled groan he let out. "Bella," he gasped and bucked up from under me, and I leaned back and braced myself with my hands on his thighs when he did it again. I screamed and squeezed harder as he started to hit my g-spot on each thrust. I was so sensitive that just the feel of him rubbing against my walls made me mindless, but when he started to piston into me, his hands leaving my breasts and falling to my hips to pull me harder against him, I came with a short scream, my head falling back and lolling between my shoulders. He came just a few short thrusts later with a moan of my name. We fell onto the bed, breathing sharply. Edward slipped out of me and off the bed, and I couldn't tell where he went as my eyes were closed as I tried to calm my breathing. But then he was back and I jolted gently when he ran a cool towel over my face, and my chest. "Thanks," I said, opening my eyes. He smiled down at me, threw the towel into the hamper near the door out into the hall, and ran his fingers through my hair. "I really needed that." It was a more than sufficient distraction from my thoughts because of today. "I know and it's fine, love," he whispered. Then his smile grew. "And I really should be thanking you for that amazing experience," he whispered cheekily, leaning down to kiss me on the lips. I moaned, chuckled, and stretched. "It was a joint effort." "Please remember that when you're in labour," he said and I narrowed my eyes at him, smacking him in the chest. He laughed boisterously, and my lips twitched. "Shut up," I whined, "I'm trying to stay mad at me." "Sorry," he chuckled. I huffed and got up off the bed, standing on shaky legs. I glanced at the clock and gasped. "Shit!" I hissed. "I'm late… I-I have to go." Edward looked carelessly toward the clock then back at me. "Sorry," he said sheepishly. "It's fine," I squeaked. I raced to the chair in the corner of the room where I'd laid out my clothes for today. "I mean, it would have been nice being on time to the lunch with my parents, but at the same time, it does mean less time with them." "That's a good thing?" Edward asked with a confused look on his face. "Yes!" I said, glancing at him as I tugged the blue and purple summer dress on. "It means less time for fighting and questions, Edward. You know how they felt about this baby, especially since we won't be going up to Tamworth for the baptism." "We're not baptising, Bella," Edward said slowly with a raised eyebrow. "Why would we go up for a baptism we're not even having?" I sighed harshly and shook my head. I ran the brush hastily through my hair and hissed at the pain it caused. I gave up after a few more tugs and simply threw my hair into a messy high bun. I threw on the thongs and grabbed my bag. I walked out of the room with Edward on my tail. "Wait, baby, I'll drive you," he said, grabbing his keys from the bowl on the side table down the hall. I shook my head and turned right as we made it to the end of the hall. This area was open-plan with the kitchen to the right and I poured myself a quick glass of water. "It's fine; I'll just take the ferry." "Are you sure?" he asked as I walked past him to the mirror and started putting make-up on; just lip gloss and mascara. He continued on. "It gets awfully busy on sunny days, and you said that a guy pushed past you when you got to the ticket gates. You and bub could've been hurt. It's easier if I just drive you." I turned around, wrapping my arms around his neck and kissed him on the lips. "You can't—you have to get to work." "Yeah, I have to leave soon anyway, so I can drop you on the way," he said but I shook my head. "Besides, they won't mind if I'm late; I'm covering for Ben—" "No," I interrupted him, " you go straight to work so you can go and save people," I said, kissing his lips lingeringly once more. "Tell Emmett I said hi. Love you," I said, grabbing my keys and walking out of the door. "I love you, too. Be careful and I'll pick you up! Text me when you're done!" he yelled after me and I smiled, sighing, as the door closed after me. There was no fighting my husband when he was that determined, I'd found over the years, and it was even worse when I was pregnant. The walk down to the ferry was quite easy and short. I didn't have to wait for the ferry as I would have beforehand, so it was actually good timing. I sat outside on the ferry, in the front and soaked up the sun and the breeze. I closed my eyes, loving the burn the heat of the day made as I breathed in and out. It was so peaceful out on the water, the taste of the salty water and the feel of it spraying lightly on my skin relaxing me from the anxiety of seeing my disagreeable parents. The ride is too short. Fifteen minutes later, we arrive at Circular Quay. With Edward's words in mind, I got off the ferry first and quickly walked toward the exit. I rummaged through my bag for my weekly pass, and cursed when I came up empty. I must have left it in my other bag. I went over to the ticket machine and quickly bought one. When I turned around to go through the gates, I sighed in aggravation. The lines had already started forming to go through, and people were hasty and rough as ever. I went to the wide gate, but my ticket wouldn't work and there were no officials around to let me through so I went over to the one that had the shortest line. When it came to turn, I put the ticket through but had a little difficulty getting through. The delay made me anxious, and apparently it made the man behind me anxious again as he cursed and shoved me. Unfortunately, his rash behaviour, while it hurt, helped a little but as I got to the middle section, the red, rectangular bars came out and dug into my sides and belly. I screamed in acute pain, my bag dropping from my arm as my knees buckled. The tug of the bars digging in even further hurt even more and I whimpered through another scream. Hands started to grab at me, making me panic even more, but I only moved once more, the pain stopping me from moving further. I clutched at my stomach as tears ran down my face, my mind a frenzy of worry for my child. I cursed myself for not taking Edward up on his offer. Behind me I heard people start to yell for someone to call triple-oh. EPOV Emmett shoved me in my seat, and I almost went to do the same, but he raised his eyebrows and pointed