Hi everyone! So here's a little oneshot I donated to the Fandom for Mexico at the end of last year. We've been able to post these since the 1st, but I completely missed it because I've been so busy. Alas, here it is now and I hope you enjoy. You can find the banner on facebook in my group's photo albums or with the link below. I hope you like this... See you down the bottom. Pen Name: bexie25 Title: Turn Me On Rating: M/NC17 Beta: Chandrakanta Link to banner: s1108. /user/bexie25/media/Banners%20for%20Stories/TurnMeOnbanner_ .html?sort=3&o=0 Banner by: Chandrakanta Warnings: Adult language (swearing), lemon Summary: Edward Cullen, well-known author, prepares for the release of his newest novel. During the last minute re-shoot of his book's cover, he feels an immediate attraction to the model and invites her to his Launch Party. Will he act on his desires? ~O~ I killed the engine and got out of the car, cradling my phone between my ear and my shoulder. I rolled my eyes as I walked toward the lift, pressing the lock key and watching as the orange car lights flashed against the cement. "Yes, thank you, Lauren," I said coolly, pressing the button to the elevator. I put my keys in the pocket of my grey slacks, ignoring the woman on the other line as she prattled on about the commitments I had. "Sir, I don't think this is wise," she droned on. I frowned, my face screwing up in disgruntlement as I stabbed at the button again a few times. I checked my watch. Shit. They'd have just started. " Turn Me On is going to be published in twenty-four hours—" "Thank you, Lauren," I repeated, my irritation both at my personal assistant's lecture and at the fucking parking lot elevator bleeding through in my voice. "But I am well aware of my personal commitments. I know that I have a meeting with the editor in half an hour and I also know how crucial it is for me to be there. It is my book that is going to be published in under forty-eight hours and so I know of every single necessary change that has only been presented to me now. However, as you well know, I like to make it a point to be there when the book's cover is being shot—or reshot in this case—and I have done so since my first book was published six years ago." "But, sir—" "Thank you, Lauren, that is all," I said, ending the call before she could object. Do not get me wrong, Lauren was an excellent assistant—there were just some times where she seemed to think she knew better than me, when she felt the need to lecture me about the importance of something-or-other. I snorted to myself, lifting my hand to my tie. Loosening it just a bit, I unbuttoned the button pressing against my throat, drawing in a deep breath as I did so. Finally, the ding of the elevator sounded and the doors opened. It was empty, and I walked through and pressed the button. "Hold the door!" I heard a female voice shout, and I sighed and pressed the button to keep the doors open. A few seconds later, a short whirl of brunette hair and casual clothing flurried in. "Thank you," she panted lightly as the doors closed. I cleared my throat, and nodded down at her once. "Floor?" I murmured, inclining my head toward the array of buttons next to the metal doors. She glanced at them. "Same as you," she said before turning her attention back to the bag she had slung on her arm. She seemed to search vigorously through it before her hand pulled back to reveal lip gloss. I looked away as she applied it, up to watch as the lit up numbers jumped higher and higher as we passed each floor. The shoot was in the penthouse of a very tall apartment block, so I was assuming this woman was perhaps one of the under hands of the photographer—Rosalie Hale. She was my photographer for everything; she had quite the artistic eye, and she knew what looked good on billboards, book covers, anything and everything I would be invested in. I was well known as an author, so I could only work with the top notch of the business. And Rosalie was above them all. She was also a very good friend and my sister-in-law. The doorbell dinged, and both the woman and I stepped forward at the same time. "Sorry," we said in unison, and I stepped back, motioning for her to go first. She smiled in thanks and did so and I followed her out. "Isabella, where have you been?" Rosalie's furious voice rang through the hall. "You were supposed to be here half an hour ago. Whatever, I need you in the dressing room—now." Isabella nodded once at my sister-in-law and I smirked as she scurried through. I faintly heard Rosalie muttering about "fucking tardies." She looked up at me then and plastered a pleasant smile on her face. "Edward." "You all right there, sis?" I asked her with a smirk. "Peachy," she spat out as she walked down the rest of the hall with me. "We're gonna start late." "I heard," I replied nonchalantly as we walked into a completely open space. The sun was beaming in throughout the room, the bay doors open and the wispy, sheer curtains blew through the air in soft ripples. The room was plastered in mostly white, apart from one black wall. It was perfect. "Nice," I said appreciatively as we stopped and slowly turned to face one another. "I'm so sorry," she started sincerely. She looked so stressed, her blonde hair, tied back in a ponytail, whipping through the air as she shook her head agitatedly and began to pace, mouthing off in a continuous low mutter. "Fucking Isabella—she's always late, that one..." "Go easy on her," I encouraged, gripping her shoulders when she was in front of me, about to turn for the fifth time. She snorted. "Not likely." She shook out of my light hold and her heels clicked hastily against the white, marble floor as she walked toward the hall again. "Two minutes, ladies!" "You expect Isabella to get your model ready that fast?" I asked her with a laugh. Even the most experienced in this business struggled with that. She smirked. "No, I expect her to be ready that fast." I opened my mouth just as Isabella walked out again. Her hair, out and wavy, went past her shoulders and down to her waist. Her full lips were pouty, her eyes smoky and surrounded by long, alluring lashes. If that wasn't enough, the midnight blue sheer, lacy nightgown highlighted her gorgeous hour-glass figure and set off her über-pale skin in a way that made me want to grab her and… Fuck me . I cleared my throat and looked away, trying to calm my body's reaction. In that short glimpse, my eyes had taken in every detail that I had neglected to see before in the elevator, and I could only say that she was truly beautiful. I throbbed painfully in my grey slacks, already at full mast just from the visuals that repeated in my mind over and over. I barely even heard Rosalie as she started ordering Isabella around. I swallowed, took a deep breath, and turned around, chanting shit in my head to calm my cock down. Dirty clothes… those tits… Grandma's underwear… fuck; that figure of hers… her hair wrapped around my hand as I fucked her… Not working. I closed my eyes, squeezing them shut and ignoring the flashes of Isabella that play behind my lids. In my mind, I conjure up that one time I saw Grandma in her underwear when I was ten. That shit was fucking scarring, but thankfully always helped in those rare times where I found myself in this position. Down, boy. I sighed in relief as the throbbing and tightening in my balls lessened before disappearing completely as I tried to imagine my grandma without her clothes on. When I opened my eyes again, I could at least concentrate on what was happening around me—I needed to be alert for this. Rose was looking at me with a raised eyebrow, a smirk twitching on her lips. She grinned knowingly at me. "You all right there?" I nodded and walked to her side, making myself not look in Isabella's direction. "Well, good, 'cause I kinda need you on board with this." She turned around to a white tray that was stacked with—from what I could see—photos, manila envelopes, and a thick folder. She grabbed the latter and crooked her finger at me, motioning for me to come forward. I stopped at her side and looked at the folder in her hands as she opened it. There were a few pages of mind maps and snippets of different concepts, colors, and other shit I had no idea of. "Right," she said, shuffling to the table and setting the folder down so she could flip through the rest of the pages. I followed her and stood beside her just as she paused on the last cover we'd had. "What exactly was wrong with this one?" she asked me, glancing up. I shrugged. "No fuckin' idea. I went to sleep last night, everything was fine and on schedule. I wake up to today and it's pandemonium." "Huh, well, that helps me a lot," she drawled sarcastically, snapping the folder shut. She spun around and I stepped back as her long hair nearly whistled through the hair before snapping against her back. She looked up at Isabella. I followed her gaze and swallowed. Isabella was sitting on the black couch, waiting for instruction while looking out the window. The breeze was drifting through, a relief really—it was damn hot today—and the strength of the wind had her hair wafting behind her. "Gianna, close the windows," Rosalie said sharply, grabbing her camera. Her minion rushed to do as she asked and I mourned the loss of the ethereal scene that had been before me. Isabella's luscious brown locks fell against her back in an instant, and one of the—I presumed—hairdressers flocked around her, fussing, the makeup artist in tow as they "fixed her up." I scoffed internally; it was ridiculous—she didn't need it. Rosalie's shoes clicked against the floor as she walked through the set and stood in front of her model. Isabella looked up at her. "You—I want you standing against the wall there." She pointed to the black one and I smiled—my sister-in-law had it perfectly without even one word of discussion between us. "I understand, Edward," she said, glancing at me. I came closer until I was standing about a meter or so behind her. She was fiddling with the settings on her camera. "I understand that you want the seductive feel of the book displayed on the cover, but I think having just the girl represented is a better idea. I have no clue why they didn't like the first cover, but I definitely have a feeling that this one will be exactly what you wanted from the beginning." I didn't say it, but I had a feeling she was right. Looking at Isabella as she looked back at me, waiting patiently for Rose to be ready and begin, I knew that she was Kristen, the protagonist, in the flesh. "Right," Rose said. "Stand just about half a meter in front of the wall, hands down by your side; look down toward your left with your hair down around your shoulders." Rose continued to direct Isabella into the stance she was looking for, and the smile tugging at her lips let me know that we were on track—that she was happy with how this was going. I smiled myself, also happy—this was coming along perfectly, and