Hello everyone! When battling writers block, one does well to remember how powerful writing something else is. This is a result of that. It's long, as you can see from your slider thing to your right. And there will be an outtake chapter from EPOV, but that will be explained down the bottom because… well, I don't want to give anything away now, do I? *Winks* I hope you like this, and I'm not sure I have anything else to say… just know that my writers block has nearly completely cleared up! YAY! :) Thanks to Chandrakanta for pre-reading and Dawning Juliet for beta-ing this monster. They are amazing! And also, thanks to Bubbleybear (Lorraine) for your help. I'd say what you helped with, but again, I'm not giving anything away ;) Enjoy! Edward's lips are on my skin. Fleeting, light touches. Silk, too, under my skin. It's heaven. I open my eyes, and there he is; my angel. My personal haven. My… " Edward," I breathe. He looks at me, his golden eyes smouldering as he smiles that special smile of his; the one he knows I love. " Bella," he whispers back. His voice is like honey, like the very silk I seem to be lying on. His lips descend on mine again, and for the first few seconds, it's as it always is; heaven. But then things change. My vision warps, and I am no longer feeling Edward's cool skin against mine, cooling my own body deliciously. I'm feeling… heat. Fire; I feel as if I am on fire. I open my mouth to scream, but Edward's lips are still against mine. Or rather, I think it is Edward. I can't be sure, though, for my eyes will not open. I will them back, tears welling in my eyes as I realise that my eyes are not the only thing I have lost control of. My body will not move. I am trapped. Powerless. Out of control. I want to scream, to cry… for help, for Edward. I have no idea. For all I know, it is Edward doing this to me. But it couldn't be. Edward would never do this; he would never hurt me or scare me like this. He loves me. And then, I hear it. I feel it. A soft whisper of my name in a man's husky tenor… a hand, gliding up my skin, dancing up my thigh, skimming my sides in a way that would normally make me shiver—were it Edward's hand that was touching me in this way. But these hands… they aren't Edward's. They're wrong, so wrong. They are calloused, hot. And then the man speaks again. " Bells." I gasp. Or at least, I think I do. I am immobile, frozen in shock. For this man… this man holding me and touching me… It's Jacob. I whimper, though again I can't be sure that I actually do. This is wrong, vile. This is something that should be kept between loves, between soulmates. Between Edward and me. Something changes again, and I am able to at least form words. "Edward," I gasp. My chest is then constricting and I cry. A moment later, I realise that my chest is constricting only because this imposter is on top of me; literally on top of me, crushing my chest. I cannot breathe. " Bella." I gasp, wishing I could move my head. I know that that is Edward calling me – my body sings with the knowledge. " Bella!" It's louder this time. Desperate… anxious… worried? So he knows. Edward knows what is happening. But again, that doesn't make sense… if he knows, why isn't he here to help me, to take this nightmare away? " BELLA!" Gasping, panting and sweating, my eyes snap open. I'm awake, clutching at my chest, feeling just as I did in the dream – as if I can't breathe. Huh. Perhaps this is where that was coming from. Suddenly, I feel cold hands cup my face and I sigh in relief, relaxing into Edward's hands, feeling safe. Finally. "Edward," I whimper. I try to look around, but I can't see. Everything is blurry and I realise that's because of the tears streaming down my face. "Edward." "Shh, beautiful." I hear his voice then and I sigh again. "Oh god," I blubber. "Edward. My-my dream… it-he… it–" "Hush," he murmurs. His fingers are stroking my flesh softly, his fingers smooth. Again, not calloused, nor hot; not like Jacob's… and nothing even vaguely similar to my dream. "Not now darling; later. You can tell me everything later. Now I just want you calm. You're too unsettled. You've been like this ever since the fight with the newborns last weekend. It's now Thursday and you're still this way, but you won't tell me anything." I could hear the worry in his voice. And the suspicion. I had not told him anything of my dreams since that time. I also haven't told him that his account of that dreadful kiss with Jacob is incorrect. I haven't told him that Jacob kissed me against my will. Again. And because of this, and Jacob's thoughts… and the fact that he can't read mine – he thinks that I allowed Jacob to do that ; to kiss me like that. And I let him. I'm letting him. It's killing me. It really is, but I have to do it. If I don't, Jacob dies—because though it's more than what he vowed, Edward will kill him to defend me, to defend my honour—and the relationship Billy has forged with my father is—will be—no longer. I can't let that happen. At least, I can't let that happen…yet. But with every dream—every scarring, crippling dream—my resolve is diminishing. The pain in Edward's eyes, in his voice…not to mention the actual content of the dreams… I can't do this much longer; any longer. I need to tell him. His hand swipes quickly across my cheek, wiping another tear away, I'm sure, but I know it's because of what I'm thinking. Not the dream. My hands clench into fists, grasping at air. I blink a few times, looking upwards to expel the tears, and it starts to work. I squeeze my eyes shut for a second and the strange, stinging but relieving feeling of the last of the tears rolling down my face makes me smile – just a little. I look around for a moment, my eyes catching the bronze, unruly mess. I smile , but wider this time. When I reach for Edward, my hands touch his skin…his hands… I sigh, my tense muscles relaxing. I look into his eyes, hoping to communicate my love for him. His chest rumbles lowly, leaning forward. I gasp and swallow, licking my lips just before his touch mine. What surprises me about this kiss is how all-consuming it is. Of course, Edward is always breath-taking, always good at everything he does, and intimacy—or rather, kissing and making out—is no objection. But this…this is different. More . "Edward," I whisper against his lips when he releases me. Just softly, his lips touch mine, barely anything—a flutter. Edward growls my name, again and again. His lips touch mine again, harder this time, more consuming, more powerful. I moan, and he growls, swiping his tongue against my lip. Surprised, but thrilled, I open my mouth and hum when I feel his cold, smooth tongue stroke mine once, twice, before he really starts exploring my mouth. This is new, different. I like it. I can't hide my arousal, and when I press up against Edward's hardness, he growls against my lips, breaking the kiss. He looks down with a grunt, concentrating, and I gasp when he presses his erection right against my core. My clit throbs and I moan, wrapping my arms around his neck to pull him down onto me. His hips move in a rhythmic, almost perfectly timed rocking motion. Each thrust against me leaves me gasping, but before I can get over the first one, another follows. It's slow and sexy, and my defences are crashing down. We've been intimate before, but just once. Our first time. It was only just a few short days ago; the night of the proposal. And now this is our first time together—though I know we won't come together completely—since then. Up until now, I've felt too guilty to even comprehend commencing that part of our relationship. But right now, it's a must. It is a need, a need that is coursing through my veins like fire. No trepidation. No fears. Just a delicious fire, better than anything else I've ever known or felt. "My Bella," I hear suddenly. It's a whisper, breathed against my skin just before his hips thrust forward again, a little hard this time. My eyes squeeze shut and I throw my head back, letting out a grunt of some sort. Edward growls, grinding his hard-on against me, thrusting his hips forward and back; I whimper each time his throbbing member hits my clit. He speeds up a little, setting a new hypnotic pace. The glint in his eye is so feral. Inhuman. It makes me shiver; not in fright, but pleasure. And the dance continues on. Thrust. Grind. Thrust. Grind. Thrust. Grind. The pleasure I'm feeling is like nothing else. Being the shy, self-conscious girl that I am, I've never touched myself—never done anything to make the feelings that are coursing through my body now happen. And with each thrust and grind, I'm climbing higher, getting closer. And then I'm there. With Edward's lips planted against mine, searching my mouth, exploring thoroughly, I find my climax. My back arches when Edward swivels his hips just right and I cry out his name. He growls, ripping his lips from mine and he throws his head back as he grunts and growls my name over and over. And all I can think is, well that was unexpected; amazing, but unexpected. ~O~ All week, Edward presses for details. He knows I am hiding something, and he knows that it's hurting me. As the man I love—the man who loves me—he wishes to rid me of that pain. But each request, I decline. Each question, I deflect. Each plea, as much as it pains me, I ignore. There is no way in hell I'm telling Edward. I can't because I know what he does not. I know it will destroy him. And I will not be the cause of my only love's destruction. Whilst this is going on however, Charlie is hounding me. Jacob does as well, although he's the main cause of Charlie's constant badgering. You see, ever since the altercation, Jacob has been trying to get to me. After he woke up and realised that I wasn't going to come to visit him, he started demanding to see me. I hadn't gone to see him after the fight—only adding to Edward's suspicions—but I knew I couldn't face him. And now, he's demanding to see me, claiming it's his right. Granted, he gave me a few days, and I quote, "to get over things," but when he realised that I wasn't coming back—even to see if was ok after his near death experience, though I had called, of course—he got antsy, irritated and impatient. Therefore, he began to call Charlie around the clock. At work, at home…hell, if Jacob knew my father's mobile phone number, he'd be calling that as well! And each day, Charlie would come home and speak to me—just quickly—about the day's events when I asked him over dinner. And he would not leave the details of his conversation with Jacob, or Billy for that matter. He even tried to force me to go down to visit Jacob, but when he noticed how distressed I became, he sighed and dropped it. The mere thought of Jacob—let alone going to see him …alone, I might add, considering Edward is