A/N- HELLO long time no see. I have decided to redo this story because I did not like some of how it was written the last time. I know its been forever but this chapter is the previous chapters combined with over 2000 words more so bare with me. I might update every two weeks to once a month, it just depends on my work schedule. anything in italics is thoughts fyi. line breaks are scene changes. As always a big thanks to my forever beta Re-writtengenius. Your the apple to my pie! on with the show! A Great Couple Weeks A large yawn escaped Bella' throat as she regained consciousness. She went to stretch her arms, but found that she was unable to move them. She tried again, but still they wouldn't budge. "What the..." She whispered quickly opening her eyes and looking at what was holding her down. It was a pair of pale arms that were tightly wrapped around her. "Excuse me." Bella whispered, trying to wiggle her way free. A grunt escaped the man's lips. Bella huffed in anger. "Excuse me." She nearly shouted. The man's body stiffened. "Can you let go of me please?" She said more quietly. His arms immediately released her. "Sorry." The man mumbled. Bella began to shuffle around the room looking for her things. She quickly flung on her clothes. "Do you know where my purse is?" She said turning to see the rather handsome, groggy man sit up and rub his forehead. He made a gesture to his desk. "Thanks." "No problem" he mumbled as moved to stand. He ran his hands through his hair looking at the ground, grabbing a pair of boxers. "Would you like some breakfast, uhh-" "Bella." She finished. "And no thanks, I have to be at work in..." She paused, digging for her phone, quickly flipping it open to check the time. "About an hour." The man nodded. "Alright, well nice meeting you..." "Edward." He finished. "Nice meeting you Edward." She smiled, quickly running out of the nicely decorated apartment. Bella called a cab while standing on the edge of the road. She hopped in quickly once it pulled up to the curb. "Beaumont Apartments please." She said to the cab driver. Hopefully I'm not too far. The driver nodded and took off down the road. Bella quickly punched a number into her phone. "Hello?" "Hey Ange, can you come get me in half an hour and take me to my car?" "Of course Bella." Bella knew what was coming next. "Sooo how was he?" "You know if I could remember, I would tell you." Angela laughed. "Well Bella, considering how the two of you were dancing last night, I'd think he would be pretty fantastic." Bella could imagine Angela wiggling her eyebrows." The cab pulled up to her apartment. "I'll see you in a half hour Ange." She let out with a laugh. With a quick shower, the throwing on of a smartly pre-laid out outfit, and some quick make up, Bella was ready and waiting for Angela. Angela's clunker of a car pulled up with the music blaring. As soon as Bella sat down the music was put on low and the car was put into drive. "So doll face, we going out Friday." Bella rolled her eyes. "Obviously. Are we going to Dusk this time?" Angela thought about it for a moment. "Actually, Jessica said there was a new one opening Friday on main, and she got us on the list." Bella nodded. "Are you sure you don't have any details for me?" Angela begged. "Ange, I don't even remember meeting him." Bella sighed rubbing her forehead. They rode in comfortable silence. Bella was glancing out the window."Hey, why aren't you fessing up any details on that guy- what was it...Ben?" Bella questioned, raising her eyebrow. Angela began to blush. "No Ange! You broke a rule didn't you?" Angela sighed. "We have a date Wednesday." Bella laughed. "You, Angela, the creator of rule five - no doing then dating - have officially gone soft." Angela remained silent. "No way!" Bella exclaimed. "You haven't done it have you!" Bella laughed. "Shut up." Angela mumbled as she pulled up to Bella's car. "Thanks, and by the way I'm not letting this go." She said leaving the car. "How was your night?" Eric asked, raising a critical brow. Bella sighed. "I don't remember you perv, and that is the truth." "Must have been good then." He laughed popping back down into his own cubicle. "I got you coffee." Bella said. Eric immediately held out his arm to retrieve the drink. "Bella, Esme wants to speak to you in her office." One of the assistants mumble, running by with dry cleaning. "On my way." "Come in," Esme called signalling for Bella to enter her office. "Ah, Bella, pull up a chair." She said while reading over a document. Esme slid a file towards Bella that she quickly picked up. Flipping it open and examining its contents. "You'll be going to a charity benefit next Saturday. You are to interview the founder and right a feature article. It will be front page. Details are inside. Make me proud." Bella was grinning ear to ear. "Thank you so much Esme." Esme smiled. "Don't mention it, and as for this week just finish up any stories you have on the go and hand them in as soon as possible." Bella nodded leaving quickly. This was going to be a great couple of weeks. Edward watched as the little brunette took off out the door, as he lazily yawned and stumbled into the kitchen. "That one ran off fast bro, what did you do to make her take off like that? Did shove your goods in her face or something?" Emmett stifled a laugh while pulling out a sleek black chair at the table. "Morning Emmett. Sleep well? Hope the moaning didn't wake you." Edward smirked pouring a cup of coffee he took the strides across the kitchen to the table. Pulling out a chair sitting down across from Emmett. Emmett made some disgusted face and Edward laughed. "So what was her name? Was she good? Going to see her again?" Emmett raised his eyes looking at his brother furrowed brow. Sometimes he freaks me out... He's still as a statue. "Bella, excellent, and probably not." Emmett looked at Edward curiously. "She just wanted a fuck Emmett. I can tell she doesn't double. She didn't give me her number even." Edward said sipping down some coffee. "Doesn't matter if she was good you should have gotten her number." Emmett said putting down the paper and digging into his eggs. "Or maybe she wasn't content with your performance and just was trying to let you down easy." Emmett said stuffing some eggs in his mouth. "She was plenty satisfied." Edward said smirking. "Whatever you say." Emmett said raising his hands in defence. "She was." Edward stated. "I'm sure she was, Eddie." Emmett said innocently as he stuff yet another scoop of eggs in his mouth. "I'm just saying it's a little weird she hoofed it out of here." Emmett mumbled nearly spitting out some food. wiping his hand across his mouth. The bronze haired man stood up, placing his hands on the table he looked in Emmetts' eyes."I'll bet on it." Edward smirked. Emmett snorted. "You don't even have her number." "I have a name." Emmett thought about it. "It's not that fun if I have a guaranteed win." Edward laughed. "Do you not remember how I found Lauren with just a name?" The memory dawned on Emmett. "True. What's the winner get?" Edward smirked. "Free drinks for a month." Emmett smiled. "Deal." "So how was it in the dragons den?" Eric asked. "This girls got a feature." Bella said proudly. "No way! How did you manage that?" Bella smirked. "Unlike some people I don't royally tick off my boss. Plus Esme can be a real sweetheart." Eric huffed. "It was my first day I didn't know she was the boss! Mike got me the job." Bella laughed. "How many jobs has your boy toy gotten you anyway?" Eric started to count on his fingers. "Six, I think." Eric paused looking behind Bella. "Hey look the new sports stud." Bella turned to look locking eyes with the quote on quote 'stud'. Bella gave a sultry smile turning back. "God he's hot. What's his name again?" Eric thought about it for a minute. "Jake, maybe, I'm not sure." He gave Bella a knowing look. "No hooking up. Mike had issues replacing the last ones you plowed through." Bella whined. "Oh come on! He cannot just hire a delicious piece of man meat and not expect me to pounce! Mike brought this on himself entirely." "Do you even know where to start looking for this girl?" Emmett asked plopping down on the couch beside Edward. "Not a clue" Edward said flipping through the paper. He stopped when he found something that caught his eye. " Found her." Emmett's' mouth dropped open in disbelief. "What? How?" Edward smirked showing Emmett the picture next to the name Isabella Swan, Journalist. "Looks like I'll be paying mom a visit at lunch." Grinning wider hopping off the couch grabbing the phone. It was almost too easy. "Mrs. Cullen, Edward's on line three." Esme nodded at her secretary. "Thanks Rita." Quickly picking up the phone. "Edward! How are you?" She chimed cheerily. "Good! I was wondering if you would mind me dropping by and have lunch with you." Edward said looking smugly at Emmett. "Of course dear come around one okay?" "Sure thing mom. See you soon." Edward hung up. While Esme smiled. "Rita make sure my lunch is clear, Edward's coming in." "Ouu, who's that?" Eric hummed in appreciation. Bella peaked up looking at the entrance. She dropped quickly. "Oh my god." She whispered. "Did he see me?" Eric looked at the man. "Doesn't seem like it. Who is he?" He said quickly glancing down at her. "Um, well, last night's conquest." She mumbled. "Congratulations! He's hotter than sports guy!" Eric said peaking out again. "That's weird." Eric said quietly. "What's weird?" Bella said panicking. "He just walked into Esmes' office. Why would..." Esme stepped to part of the office where all the staff could see her, with Edward in tow. "Everyone!" She called out. Every person rose to their feet. Even a reluctant Bella. Edward spotted Bella and gave her a big smile. "Everyone, this is my son, Edward." Eric stifled a laugh and Bella gasped, ducking her head quickly. "No, no, no, no, no! Stupid Bella!" She mumbled under her breath. Eric was still holding back a laugh until everyone was seated and Esme and Edward left. "Good job Bella." Eric said still laughing. "Leave it to you to sleep with the bosses son!" Bella hit her head on the desk. There goes the good week. Edward re-entered the office with his mother. "Thank you so much for lunch dear." Esme said pulling him into a hug. "Not a problem mom." He said pulling away smiling. "I have to get back to work, tell Emmett to call me!". Edward nodded as Esme took off towards her office. Edward walked over to the main desk and leaned over it. "Could you tell me where I could find Isabella Swan?" He said with his most brilliant smile. The secretary blushed while pointing him in the right direction and mumbling "Cubicle 27." "Bella, don't freak. Edward's coming over here." Bella jumped up quickly letting out a rather loud "What?". Looking over the cubicle at Eric. "Excuse me, you're Bella Swan correct?" A velvety voice said from behind her. Bella tried to calm herself. She smoothed her skirt and turned. She plastered a big smile on her face. "Yes, I am." Edward was smirking at the brunette while ogling her. "Let me formally introduce myself. I'm Edward Cullen." "So