Written for the 2017 Salt 'n Pepper Fest at Livejournal. Many thanks to my beta J. for correcting my Dutchglish and making the fic readable. Any remaining mistakes are my own because I can't leave well alone. Prompt used: Growing older sucks. With just a few days left before the start of a new school year, the Leaky Cauldron was filled with families who had finished their last-minute shopping or were just about to start doing so. Future first-year students, excited by the prospect of finally starting Hogwarts, ran around with their friends and siblings with little to no attention to whose tables they bumped into or chairs they kicked. A few older students, separated by their respective Houses, had gathered by the bar, drinking and loudly chatting amongst themselves when they weren't hurling insults at their rivals. At a table in the back, four wizards in their late sixties to early seventies were watching the scenery before them. Three had disapproval written all over their faces while the fourth merely nodded his head and smiled at nothing in particular. They'd been friends since before Hogwarts, survived Slytherin together, and had fought against their closest loved ones in a war that shouldn't have been theirs to fight. They'd lived through many trials and tribulations, but compared to the head-splitting noise of too many loud kids crammed into a small space, torture at the hands of Death Eaters felt like a ride on a broom. "Bloody awful kids without bleeding manners, 'bout time they buggered off to school," Marcus Flint complained as he poured another round of red wine for his friends and himself, or what was supposed to pass for it. His furrowed brows knitted together even tighter at the sight of the elegant goblets with roses etched into the glass. It was hardly manly, was it? Where had those days gone when chugging more pints than he had fingers in less than an hour left him a bit hungover? These days, just a sip had the ability to set his stomach on fire. The only drink that seemed to sit well with him appeared to be wine. Watered down wine in dainty, flowery goblets. 'Twas a good thing that he wasn't the only one sentenced to drinking dishwater. "Just a few days left," Cassius Warrington agreed. He, too, scrunched up his nose at the wine, but since an unfortunate incident involving clogged arteries and an obstinate ticker some odd years ago, this was the best he was allowed. One day a week at that. "I've no rest. Not here nor at home since our Emma dumped her two evil spawns with us. i Just for a few days, Daddy. We have to work and the elves are on strike/i," he parroted his daughter. "They've been with us for weeks. Weeks! Those two hellraisers are so loud that I can't hear myself think at times. You know what the worst part is? When they're not wrecking my house, they're eating all my food!" "It's the times we live in, I tell you," Adrian Pucey chimed in, wagging a crooked finger. "When we were younger, our parents would've boxed our ears for being dunderheads. If you do that now, those Ministry tossers will lock you up in Azkaban and throw away the key. Apparently, kids these days are delicate, easily bruised little flowers that need the utmost care. It's ridiculous. Pull 'em over your knee and let 'em have it, I say. That ought to keep them in line." "Hear, hear," Marcus and Cassius agreed as they held up their goblets, waiting for Adrian and Terence to join the toast. While the former eagerly clanged his goblet against his friends', the latter paid them no heed. He was still smiling and nodding. It was as if the whole conversation had passed him by. "What's wrong with him?" Cassius asked, lowering his glass as the strain of keeping his arm up for that long was becoming a bit too much. "Didn't your wife tell you?" Marcus asked. Seeing the confused look on his friend's face, he leant in closer and conspiratorially whispered, "Katie told me that Angie told her that Alicia told Angie that Higgs here is getting a bit senile. And deaf. Or just deaf, I'm not sure, I stopped listening after a while. It became too confusing." "Senile? Rubbish," Adrian said with a scoff. He would've rolled his eyes if it didn't give him a headache. "I heard something else. Watch this." He picked up his walking stick and slammed it on the tabletop. As he'd expected, Terence jumped up a bit, his smile faltering. To prove his point further, Adrian pulled out his wand, pressed it against his friend's cheek and muttered, "Finite Incantatem." As he'd expected, two bright lights swirled out of Terence's ears and dissolved into thin air. The expression on his face went from serenely absent to utterly sour when the noises around him finally filtered through. "Bleeding hell, why'd you have to go and do that for?" Terence bemoaned as he turned in his chair to face his friends. "Could ask you the same thing," Marcus shot back. "You had us worried there for a minute." "It's nothing, mind your own business," Terence retorted as he shrugged carelessly. However, the incredulous looks on his friends' faces told him that they wouldn't let him off the hook that easily. His shoulders slumped, and he let out a world-weary sigh. "Fine. If you must know, I've pissed off Alicia." "Again? What did you do now?" Cassius asked with interest. Terence's eyes flitted between his friends as he mulled over whether to explain or not. Eventually, he decided that they could use a good laugh and perhaps, they'd help him find another solution to his problem. "I had a bit too much to drink last week, yeah? Well, you know what that means; I get a bit too honest. So I get home, trying to sleep off the worst. Just as I'm about to drift off, she walks in yapping about getting older or something, I forget. Anyway, then she asks me whether I still find her attractive…" "Oh, no," Adrian muttered as he shook his head. "That's a trick question." "There's no good way to answer that," Cassius agreed. "I know," Terence said with a sigh. "I stepped into that one with eyes wide open." "So, how bad did you cock up?" Marcus asked. "I mean, there's bad and there is ibad/i." "It was ibad/i. I don't know what I was thinking, but I told her that I loved how she looked..." "Why would that anger her?" Cassius asked. "...even with her tits hanging past her belly button and the dimples on her arse and thighs," Terence finished. He picked up his goblet and drained it in one go before he continued his story. "She got upset, of course. Started bawling, telling me that I hated her and all that nonsense. Then, I made it worse and asked if she was still menopausal because she was supposed to be over the worst according to her Healer, and it didn't look like it. So, yeah…" "Ow, that's- that's bad." Adrian could imagine how that conversation went since he'd been in Terence's shoes more times than he cared to recall with Pansy. But it still didn't explain the charade. "Why the charms on your ears, though? Buy her flowers, maybe a new necklace and keep your head down for a few days. That should've solved it." "I know," Terence answered with a groan. "But I was sloshed, remember. I started panicking and blurted out the best explanation that I could come up with,' he ticked a finger against his temple, 'that I'm losing my marbles." "You went from running your mouth to acting like my Great-Aunt Betsy after her potions accident in one night?" Marcus asked in disbelief. "And Alicia just accepted that without a fuss? She didn't drag your arse to St. Mungo's to have you checked?" "No…" Terence answered slowly. His brows knitted together as he contemplated what Marcus was saying. In the end, he decided to ignore it. There was only one great actor in his family, and it was him. Alicia truly believed that his brain was rotting; he was sure of it. "The way I see it, I have two options: keep up the lie and find a potion pusher willing to lie for me for a lot of Galleons, or come clean and get my arse kicked. For lying iand/i telling her that her tits lost the fight with gravity. I'm still not sure which one to pick." It started with Adrian sniggering that soon turned into a boisterous laughter, and it wasn't long before the other two joined him. Although Terence tried to resist, to scold them for not giving him proper advice, he couldn't help but laugh along. Maybe it was a little funny if you weren't the one at risk of getting your arse kicked. And to be honest, he'd rather hear his friends laugh than listen to the screeching and yelling of the demon rats running around. Marcus was the first to stop laughing, quite abruptly in fact. His gaze dropped to his lap as his featured twisted into a dark scowl. "What's wrong?" Cassius asked as he wiped the tears from his cheeks. "I pissed myself a bit," Marcus answered and stood up, his hands covering the front of his trousers. "Be right back, yeah?" As the laughter died down, Adrian shook his head while he watched Marcus shuffle to the toilets. "I told him to use the loo when we first got here. He never listens. Honestly, how Katie puts up with him without going mental is beyond me. He gets more stubborn with each passing day." "At our age, you should never pass a loo without using it, waste an erection, or trust a fart," Terence said wisely. "You'd think he'd have learnt that by now." "To be fair, you shouldn't trust a fart at any age," Cassius mused. "Or waste an erection, you'll never know if it'll be your last one," Adrian chimed in, laughing. "Remember when we were younger? A light breeze was enough to get it up." "Do I?" Cassius exclaimed. "Have I ever told you blokes about Céline?" Marcus returned just in time to catch the end of the tale Cassius was spinning about one of the Beauxbatons girls that had invaded Hogwarts during the Triwizard Tournament, and how she'd made it her mission to relieve him each time his pecker had played up. Seeing that he'd heard the story at least twice a week for the past fifty years, Marcus had no interest in listening to more of the grossly exaggerated escapades. Grumbling under his breath, he refilled the empty glasses. Just as Cassius was about to retell how he'd found the Room of Requirements for their use, Marcus couldn't hold in any longer and groused, "I hate getting old." "We all do, mate, we all do," Adrian agreed after a moment of stunned silence. Being wizards, they were just halfway through their expected lifespan. However, living decades longer than the average Muggle didn't mean that the discomforts that came with ageing were delayed. He fully understood his friend's pain. "Tell that to Katie. She nearly bit my head off yesterday for saying that. iIt's happening, Marcus, we're growing old together. Isn't this what we'd always wanted?/i" Marcus shrilly imitated his wife. "Why should I be happy about the fact that everything hurts, and what doesn't hurt doesn't work? Merlin's bleeding balls, I can't even laugh without pissing my knickers at least once a day." "I miss my hair," Cassius said as his hand shot up to his bald scalp, his voice rueful and full of longing. "What I lost up there is growing back everywhere else. One of the little monsters, Odin I think it was, said that my back