Disclaimer: Obviously, not mine. I just like to torture the characters created by JK Rowling for my own amusement. But rest assured, they like it. Promise. Since FFN only allows a limited number of characters in chapter titles, I'll put the original titles in the A/N. I hope you enjoy! Chapter 1: The first time they met, but can't remember. Their mothers do, though, and can't stop cackling about it. It was in the early hours of a cold November morning in the magical settlement of Tinworth when three (and a half, never forget the half) year old Marcus Flint sat at the breakfast table with his father, scowling at the bowl of porridge before him. His nose scrunched up at the foul smell wafting from it as he prodded his too large spoon in the too thick gruel. This sure wasn't how his mum usually made his breakfast. In fact, the whole morning was vastly different from his usual routine. His mum still wasn't home from her visit to their neighbours. Because of this, he hadn't woken up to their 'wake-up' song, was forced to dress for the day before breakfast, and the worst of all, he had to eat this. All by himself. He wanted the sausages and eggs, and he wanted his mum to feed him with those silly noises. "Daddy?" When his father, William Flint, slightly lowered his newspaper, Marcus held up his spoon in askance. "You're a big boy now, Marcus. You can eat by yourself," was his surly reply before he disappeared behind the Prophet, shaking his head and muttering to himself. Not satisfied with his father's answer, Marcus' scowl deepened and he dropped his spoon back in the bowl. His lower lip stuck out in a pout as he crossed his arms. "I want my Mummy," he demanded. Will grumbled something along the lines of 'we both do', but didn't bother with forming an intelligible reply. Like Marcus, he was having a god-awful day. Dealing with an overly demanding three-year-old so early in the morning wasn't a part of his daily routine, and it showed. Usually, his wife, Sally, dealt with their son for the better part of the morning until he'd woken up properly. This, in short, meant that he needed a pot of coffee first to build up enough patience to keep up with a very rambunctious little boy. "Bring Mummy!" Marcus ordered when his father kept on ignoring him. There were a few things -well, a lot of things- he didn't like and being ignored was one of them. Mummy knew that. She'd never ignore him or laugh at him from behind the newspaper like his father was doing. "Now!" He pushed his bowl away, sending the spoon flying and sloshing half of the gruel on the table. The laughter died in his throat and sighing deeply, Will lowered his newspaper. For a brief moment, he regretted giving into his wife's need to have 'another one' two days after they had sent their youngest off to Hogwarts. Out of all his five children, Marcus was by far the most spoilt and challenging one. He loved the boy to death, but sometimes… "She'll come home as soon as Auntie Grace had her baby." ' Gods, come back soon,' Will wished silently. He'd heard the babe's first cries hours ago, long before an indignant Marcus had stared at him from his newly built big boy bed as he demanded to know where his mum was. Like his son, Will didn't understand what took Sally so long. Even with all the possible birthing trouble one could encounter, it made no sense for her to stay out this long. ' She's probably still mad at you for forgetting her birthday and this is her way of punishing you, ' he mused and picked up his newspaper again. Marcus grumbled at the mention of the baby. He liked their neighbour, Missus Bell - or Auntie Grace as he called her. The pretty lady was always kind to him. He loved it when she smiled at him or ruffled his hair whenever she came over for tea. And the most important; she always had Chocolate Frogs and Cauldron Cakes ready. She even had cuddles waiting for him whenever his mum got cross with him for being naughty. Her having a new baby didn't sit well with him, not one bit. Because not only it'd take her attention away from him, but he found it strange that she had swallowed one to begin with. And now – as his sisters had explained last summer when he asked why their neighbour had got fat- Auntie Grace had to poop it out. Couldn't she just have planted the seed in the ground or a flower pot? However, Marcus' biggest concern about the baby was for it to come out as horrible as Michael Bell, Auntie Grace's son, was. The stupid boy always pushed him to the ground and took his toys when no one was looking, all because he was older and bigger. No, Marcus didn't like Michael at all. He was already plotting payback for later when he'd be bigger and stronger than him. But that wasn't the problem. His father had hidden behind his newspaper again, ignoring him. "I want Muh-hummy noooow." He violently wriggled in his seat, making the chair legs screech over the tile floor to attract attention. When his dad slammed the Prophet on the table, his lips curled up into a sly smile; he'd achieved his goal. "Stop it right now," Will warned his son, waggling a big finger. When he was confident that Marcus got the message, he picked up his paper again. "Now, be a good boy and eat your porridge." In hindsight, Will should have known that the huffing and puffing were enough warning signs to keep a closer eye on little Marcus. The boy took scowling to whole new levels. While his nagging could get bad at times, you needed to start worrying when he kept quiet. That had never boded well before for the one he believed had wronged him. Like last September when he had cut off Lexie's plaits the middle of the night before she was due to return to Hogwarts, all because she had refused to give him her ice cream the day before. By the time Will remembered that lesson, Marcus had already hopped off his chair and was now hopping up and down by the kitchen door to reach the handle. "Marcus William Flint, come here this instant!" Will bellowed as he jumped up. Sally would have his head if he lost their son. Again. Sadly, it wouldn't be the first time Marcus had made a run for it under his care. Marcus looked over his shoulder with narrowed eyes and stuck his tongue out before he jumped up again to reach the handle. He succeeded at it at the exact same moment his father lunged at him. His flailing coal shovels sized hands missed him by a hair length and as fast as his skinny legs were able to carry him, Marcus made a run for it into the cold, misty morning. Will rubbed his face in indecision as he watched his scrawny son flee into the Bells' back garden straight through the leafless shrubbery. He knew that he ought to chase after him and bring him back by his ear. However, the prospect of a nice quiet breakfast was an alluring one. Finally, he decided that facing his wife's wrath was worth the limited quiet time he'd have and settled down for another fresh cuppa. **KM** "Mummy…" Marcus' mouth stood open in a perfectly shaped 'O' as he watched the scene before him. His mummy, the one he had been waiting for all morning while facing near-starvation, was busy feeding Michael and his dad, Uncle John. The eggs and sausages he still craved so much were on their plates instead of in his tummy. Sally Flint, usually a no-nonsense woman, cringed when she heard her son's shocked voice. Cursing her husband under her breath for letting Marcus escape and thwart her plans to unwind for an hour or so with the new father and brother after the intense night they had, she slowly turned around. "What are you doing here, honey?" She sighed in exasperation when he kept staring at her as if she had sprouted a second head. "Use your words, love." "Mummy," Marcus whispered, his bottom lip quivering. His eyes shifted from her to the two others sitting at the table and back to her again while he blinked rapidly to squeeze out a few tears. Sally knew how to read the expressions on his face like no other. It wasn't really that hard, Marcus was an open book when it came to certain matters. Like now, he wasn't on the brink of fake tears because he was sad or had missed her, heavens no. The main reason was that he was notoriously possessive of whatever belonged to him. In his mind, she belonged to him and he didn't share. Ever. The real question to answer was how long it would take before the meltdown started. Michael Bell, also three - two months shy of turning four, thank you very much- laughed at his silly neighbour boy. He partially covered his mouth so that his father couldn't see him and stuck his tongue out at Marcus as he persistently tugged at Sally's sleeve. When she finally looked down, he straightened out his face and put on puppy dog eyes. "I'm still hungry, Auntie Sally," he said in his best, fake pitiful voice. "Can I have another sausage, please?" He wasn't hungry; he had already eaten his weight in eggs and toast earlier. But with his mother too busy to pay attention, he'd take every bit of affection he could get. And what better than to take it away from that stupid, weepy Marcus. "Oh, poor baby," Sally cooed as she broke eye contact with her son and patted Michael on the cheek. "I'll fry some up-" Before she could finish what she wanted to say, Marcus let out a wail and rushed forward, wrapping himself around her legs and burying his face in the creases of her skirt. Her wanting to make more breakfast for Michael was the greatest betrayal she could commit and needed to be stopped. "Mu-hummy," he cried miserably with one eye on Michael. Anything he could do, Marcus could do better, after all. "I'm hungry too-hoo. Come home." Sally sighed at her son's antics and flashed John Bell, who was trying his best not to burst out in laughter, an apologetic small before she crouched down to Marcus' level. Sighing deeply, she pushed his chin up with one finger to make him look at her. She'd have to have a good talking with Will about letting their son unattended. And about dressing him properly, too. A vest and shorts were not appropriate clothing for the winter, not to mention his lack of footwear. Then again, she was grateful he wasn't dressed in one of the girls' old dresses, thinking it was a longer, flowery shirt. Will had done it before. In fact, he'd done more times than she'd like to admit, to the point she suspected that he did it on purpose to get out of tending to Marcus in any shape or matter. Although Marcus faced his mother, he kept his eyes downcast and did his best to produce sniffling noises. Sally gently tapped his nose. "Look at me, please." He turned his gaze from his toes to his mother, still blinking rapidly to push out tears. Just in time, two fat ones rolled down his cheeks: another great achievement this morning. His hands, crossed behind his back, clenched into fists when he heard Michael giggle and he tried to shake them at him as unobtrusive as possible. "Stop that, Micky," John Bell half-heartedly