Alice was running full speed toward the Cullen mansion. She had been on a short hunt at midnight, feeling antsy, like she should be seeing something, but the vision wasn't coming. She decided a little deer blood might take the edge off. The stronger she was physically, the better her gift worked. She had just finished burying the second deer carcass when the vision hit. It wasn't what she expected. The detail wasn't completely clear, but fuzzy like antennae television. And there were some big black holes. The last time she felt this frustrated over a vision, Bella had been pregnant with Renesmee. Alice grimaced at the memory and the month that had followed, and then smiled, knowing that all worked out as it was meant to be. Another vision, a little clearer this time, struck Alice as she thought of how her family had become even closer because of Renesmee. Finally, a third vision, still rife with holes, came across more clearly, and Alice dropped to her knees. She couldn't believe what she was seeing. If she could cry, the tears would have streamed down her face. On the fourth vision, Alice was on her feet, and at a speed that would have rivaled Edward's, she made her way home. Edward, Bella, Jasper, Emmett, and Rosalie were sitting at the dining room table having a family meeting. Carlisle had managed to whisk Esme away on an overnight trip to the mountains under the pretense of an early Mother's Day present. Mother's Day was a week away, and the family wanted to do something special for Esme. She was the glue that held the family together, after all. Although she wasn't chronologically much older than any of them, and in vampire years, she was younger than most of them, she just had a natural maternal instinct. Her gift was unconditional love and compassion. She clearly remembered the lost child from her human years, and while the loss of that child is what ultimately led her to her immortal life, she was able to channel that love into her "children" that were perhaps bound to her more by venom, than blood. Although, there was certainly a blood bond among them, as well. They were vampires, after all. Unfortunately, the group was coming up empty handed for the perfect gift for their mother. "Why don't we send them to Isle Esme for the summer," Emmett suggested with a shrug. Jasper disagreed. "Not gonna happen, man. The hospital is understaffed, and Carlisle can't get the time off. Besides, trying to get Esme to leave Renesmee for two months would be like trying to separate peanut butter and jelly. And according to Ness, it can't be done." The group chuckled at that, as Renesmee was currently a PB&J fanatic. Coming in only a close second to grizzly blood. Edward nodded and Bella chimed in. "Besides, Edward and I haven't finished replacing the bedroom furniture in the master suite. It's one thing to know that your bedroom was destroyed by your youngest son and his wife. It's quite another to have to see it." Bella kicked Edward under the table. Edward hung his head in mock shame, and then with a less than apologetic smirk he muttered "at least we cleaned up all of the feathers…" Emmett howled with laughter, while Bella kicked Edward again. Harder. Before anymore comments could be made (or kicks could be delivered), Alice burst through the door, looking unusually disheveled and unnecessarily out of breath. "Edward, your phone is going to ring in five minutes. You must take this call. I don't know everything, there are still holes in the vision, but you and Bella are going to need to go Denali. Tonight." Edward stood and started for back door to head for the cottage he and Bella shared. Motioning for Bella to join him, his phone started a generic ring and an unknown number popped up on the screen. Before he could answer, Alice caught his attention. "Edward, you'll need to take the car." Edward closed his phone with a load snap as he and Bella walked at a human pace toward the cottage. He was rigid and stiff, his shoulders squared, his jaw clenched. Bella had heard every word of the conversation between Edward and Eleazar. Unlike her husband's reluctant behavior, she felt an ache in her heart that didn't beat. An understanding in the soul she knew she had. "Edward, you know we have to go. We have to help." Bella spoke quietly and smoothed her hand down Edward's arm, taking his hand and giving a gentle squeeze. Edward jerked his head up and down, and added a small "hmmmm" in acknowledgment. After a few more steps, he looked seriously at Bella. "We can't take Ness with us, you know." It wasn't a question. Bella sighed. "I know. She'll be fine here with the family. Jacob can even stay in the cottage with her. He's probably got her in bed already, anyway. I don't like the idea of being away from her in such unknown circumstances, but her safety is paramount. I just want be back in time for Mother's Day. I'd hate to miss our first one together" Edward wrapped his arms around Bella's waist, not quite as tense, now, his eyes sparkling with mischief. "We'll be gone at least a week, love. Do you have any idea how long it will take to get the dog stench out of the furniture?" Relieved at the bit of levity Edward showed for the moment, she reached up, bit his ear firmly, and then whispered, "Don't worry about that. We'll just have to overpower his scent with our own. One evening fucking on every surface of our home should alleviate most of the problem." "Oh love," Edward growled, tightening his hold on her and running his hands over her perfect ass, "your problem-solving skills are legendary. Now, I suppose we should tell Jacob the plan, and go pack." Edward and Bella drove the Volvo into Canada and caught the Alaskan Highway, heading West toward the Denali National Park. A couple of hours from the Denali clan's home, they decided it was prudent to stop and hunt. The task that was coming could be challenging to both of them, regardless of Edward's experience and Bella's super self-control. Taking a nearly non-existent road into the heart of the preserve at 3:00a.m., traffic was desolate and the couple felt safe that the car would not be seen and wildlife would be plentiful with Spring well underway. If they were being honest, they were hoping to snag a large Brown Bear that they could share. Exiting the car, they hooked hands and started a slow jog to stretch their legs unnecessarily, enjoying the close, physical contact that sitting for hours in the car did not allow. About a mile in, the couple caught the scent of their desired meal choice. Releasing hands and picking up speed, they raced another three miles into the forest. Not wanting to startle the bear, Bella and Edward stopped in their tracks. Bella lowered her shield, showing Edward her intended plan of attack. Edward nodded sharply, and jumped high, catching a branch nearly 50 feet off the ground, and took to the trees. Bella soundlessly navigated the ground, following the flowing river that would lead them to where the bear was fishing for its own meal. Once she was about 20 feet from the bear, Bella let her senses take over. She focused on the scent, visually targeted the large animal, bared her teeth, and let out a loud growl. The bear turned at the noise, recognized the threatening creature before him, but did not hesitate to lung toward the fierce predator so close to him. Just as the bear reached to swipe at Bella, Edward dropped from the tree, landing squarely on the bear's shoulders. Without pause, Edward wrapped his arms around the bear's neck, and with one solid twist, the bear went down. Bella watched her husband prepare the meal. She had a human thought that after so many years of avoiding fishing with Charlie, she quite enjoyed the sport now. After all, she was the baited hook, and Edward had just reeled in dinner. A sharp laugh erupted at the visual in her head, but it was cut off as she saw her husband's eyes go black, his mouth open widely, and his teeth sink swiftly into the jugular of the bear. Bella responded. One small leap and she landed on the other side of the bear's neck and joined her mate is sating their thirst. The bear was large; approximately 400lbs, and would provide enough sustenance for both of them for at least a few days, even in the most challenging situation. Bella and Edward locked eyes and drank eagerly. As the bear started to run dry, the monster that killed its prey felt another hunger emerge as he watched his mate emaciate the bear only two feet away from him. It happened every time they hunted together, but rarely were they truly alone in such situations. The monster was full from his meal. Now he wished to claim his mate. Removing his mouth from the bear and never taking his eyes from the woman across from him, he stalked around the bear, coming up to where Bella crouched low on her knees. As she pulled the lasts dregs of blood from the bear, she felt that special energy that flowed between her and Edward spark in intensity. Before her head came up, Edward was behind her on his knees. He caged his arms around her, landing his hands on the bear for leverage. He skimmed his nose up her neck, taking her earlobe between his teeth, he ground out three directives. "Don't move. Don't cum until I tell you. You are mine!" Wetness seeped between Bella's legs before he even touched her. Feeling equally as possessive and needy, Bella knew her mate was in the dominate position and would not challenge him now. The punishment would not be worth it. Edward lifted Bella's torso further up onto the dead bear, ran one hand across her chest, feeling her nipples already hard as rocks, moving to shoulder blades, and down her back, over her ass, and into the hot crease between legs. Even though the denim of her jeans he felt her arousal. Their shared meal had been foreplay enough and she was willingly subservient. At vampire speed Edward ripped the jeans from both of them, lifted his mate's hips over his thighs and drove his diamond cock into her tight cunt. Her heat, the dripping wetness, allowed him to glide easily, and the monster drove him forward, fast and hard. There was no apology in his mind for using and connecting with her in this primal way. There was no need for any apologies. Her own monster wanted it, as well. He drove harder and faster, hitting every nerve ending in her body. She moaned. She writhed, although he held her hips in a vice grip. Still she needed more and he was not providing that extra she need. She growled…."Edward….more….I…I…need more…." He snarled. "Not yet, pet. You are mine." And so his mantra began. "Mine, Mine, Mine, Mine…" She replied in turn." Yours, yours, yes, yes, yours….more…oh…more…" Edward reached around and started to roughly stroke her clit between his finger and his thumb, at the same time collecting a layer of her wetness on his hand. Just as her walls started to flutter, he released her pussy, yet continued his punishing thrusts. He moved his arousal covered hand to her ass, and started coating her smaller, tighter hole. They had yet to actually have that animalist sex, but both the monster and the man knew that the time would come one day soon. As soon as she was well lubed with her own juices, Edward lifted her ass higher, his forearm