Unplanned Surprises - A Hunger Games Fanfiction DISCLAIMER: I do not own The Hunger Games. Summery: When Katniss Everdeen finish High school she goes to live with her Uncle and Aunt in district four for a year before college to save up so she can actually go. She is determined to only focus on getting a job, and earning enough, but what will she do when she meets a boy with bright blue eyes that throws her completely off track? Modern day AU, slight OOC Hey there, I'm Jenny, and this is my second fic. My first fic was called HG Boarding School and I want to thank everyone that has read that story and decided to come over and read this one! And also, thanks to all my new readers! For my old readers, I'm sorry I didn't make an HG Boarding School Sequel, but I hope that you all like this story! Just to clarify, the revolution happened years ago and president Paylor's daughter is the president, Katniss and the other characters were not a part of it. Katniss' family are poor, but not as poor as in the books, and yes, there are such things as laptops, iPods and mobile phones! I really hope you enjoy the story! Katniss' POV 1. Chapter 1 As I wave out the window of the aeroplane to the airport that is rapidly shrinking beneath me, I think of the friends I made at high school that I will probably never see again. The thought depresses me slightly, even though there are very few friends to miss. I've never been at making friends, unless something forces us together like my old roommate, Bonnie. There are things I'm going to miss about High School, but I get to go and see Prim, and not have to leave again in under two weeks to go back to school. No, this time I have a whole year. Of course for that year i'm going to be entirely focused on getting a descent job and saving up for college. That and Prim of course. But, I'm not going home to district twelve, I'm going to live with my Uncle Haymitch Aberthany and his partner Effie Trinket for the year. I'm not going home because my mum is going to a sort of school to get the qualifications to be a nurse. She would have got them when she was my age in the university that she went to, but she met my dad and dropped out to go and live with him. Of course that meant giving up her old life of luxury and trading it for my fathers poor, but happy life in the poorest part of our district, the Seam. Boy, she must of really loved him. When he died she was devastated. I mean we all were, but my mum she went into chronic depression. She left us as well, leaving me to care for Prim. When I left for boarding school I was so worried about my mother not being able to care for Prim, but apparently she got better while I was away. Like she knew that Prim would be on her own and forced herself to get up and work. But I still won't let her be my mother. Whenever I came home for holidays, I could see that she was improving, but I was never very warm towards her. That only person I am sure I love in this world is Prim. And my father of course. But he's not in this world anymore... "Um, miss?" I blink a few times and look up. A woman in a red and white uniform is standing over me with an assortment of objects in her hands. "Sorry?" I say, pulling out my earphones. "Oh, I have your pillow, headphones, blanket, eye mask, toothbrush, toothpaste, complementary peanuts, socks and-" "Socks? I have socks." I say, pointing to my feet. "Yes we'll, I have to give them to you anyway." she says, an obvious fake smile plastered onto her face. She dumps the stuff on me and gives the man next to me, that is asleep and snoring loudly, his stuff. "Can I get you a drink?" "Err, sure coke please?" I answer unsurely. "Of course, coming right up!" she squeaks and trots off. I sigh and put one earphone in my ear and swing the other around in a circle with my fingers and look around. God I hate planes. Something about flying thousands of feet up in the air in a big metal bird makes my stomach churn. I've never been afraid of heights, it's the falling that I'm not a fan of. It's a long trip from the high school to district four. The trip from here to twelve is short enough that you can take the train, but this one is five hours in a plane. I check my watch. It's been... 13 minutes. Perfect. The woman returns with my coke and pours it into a tiny glass before setting down on the tray table I front of me. I take a sip and realise that she is still there staring at me intently. Am I supposed to tip her something? "Th..." She says, giving me a hint. "Err... Thanks?" I say, creasing my brows. But I seem to have done the right thing. She smiles her fake smile again. "Oh you're quite welcome!" she struts away again. I will never understand capitol people. I take a sip of my coke and put my other earphone in before closing my eyes resting my head back on the hard headrest. XxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXx The plane jolts and my eyes snap open. Everyone is asleep, all the lights in the cabin are off and only the dim lights on the isle are switched on as a few members of the cabin crew make there way back to there seats. The plane jolts again and both my hands shot out to the sides where I grab the armrests and cling on tight as the plain jumps again. Suddenly the armrest squeezes my hand in reassurance. Wait... I look down to the armrest to see that it's no armrest, it the man sitting next to me's arm! I snatch my hand back and look up to the man with a red face. I see he's looking at me with raised eyebrows. My blush deepens and I'm about to stutter out an apology when a huge grin breaks out on his face and he starts to laugh loudly. I even start to feel the corners of my twitch up into a smile, when the plane jolts again and my hand slams back down on the mans next to me and I clutch it like a lifeline. "Alright?" He laughs, squeezing my fingers lightly again. I blush again and remove my hand. "Err, yeah... Sorry about that..." He laughs again. "That's alright, I'm Cinna by the way." he says, extending his hand to my. I gingerly reach forward and shake his hand lightly. "Katniss." the plane jumps again and I snatch my hand back and press up against my seat. "It's okay, just some turbulence." he says soothingly and smiles at me. I exhale and relax slightly at his calm demeanour. If he's so okay about this, it can't be dangerous. "So where are you headed?" he asks, probably trying to distract me. "Um, 4. You?" I whisper. "I'm going to four as well! Why are you going?" he asks. "Um, I'm going to live with my aunt and uncle for my gap year before I go to college so I can save up... Not that interesting, just work mostly. What about you?" I ask, eyeing his smart suit. "Are you a business man?" He laughs. "Oh god no! I'm a stylist, I'm only dressed like this because I have a new client, he's a very important person, so I have to dress smart." he laughs making a face. I laugh. "Oh, a stylist? That must be so fun..." I moan, thinking about the tedious job I'm probably going to have to get. "Well, it is when I get a nice client!" he laughs. "What job are you gonna get in 4?" He asks. "I don't really know... I don't even know if I can get a job that will pay enough for the college fee, and I don't want to take out a loan... I'll never be able to pay it back." I moan. "Well... You could work for me if you want." he says. I look at him to see if he's joking, but he has no hint of humour in his face except the good natured expression he seems to wear all the time. "What? A-are you sure? I'm extremely unqualified and you just met me!" I exclaim. "Nah, did you take textiles in high school?" "err, Yeah?" I answer, narrowing my eyes. "Great! It's just a simple modding job, but it won't be all the time, if you could just give your number and I can text or call you when I want you to come help me and-" "Hold up, did you say modelling?" I laugh. He can't be serious. "Yeah, but more like, we give you clothes, you put them on, we see what they look like. Also, I can only do early mornings, in the afternoons I have to work with my clients." he says. "Wait, are you sure?" I stutter. "Yes, you seem like a great girl. But the pay will only be, something like $5-10 per hour or something like that." he says, smiling at me. "Oh, err, thank you!" I say, hardly able to control my excitement. "Your very welcome. What's your number?" He asks. I grin and reach down into my bag. I pull out the Nokia brick phone that I have had since I was eleven. I wait for it to open up before reading out my number as Cinna takes out his IPhone and types it in. "Great! Now if you don't mind, I need to talk to my business partner, and one of your new bosses, Portia to tell her the news." he smiles again and turns away from me and starts to talk down his phone. I put my pillow back behind me head and rest back against it before closing my eyes. Did that really just happen? Have I actually understood? I've got a job now? But I will need to get another job, that one will have to be on the side since it will probably only be a several hours every week. But, I still can't believe that it was hat easy... I soon feel myself begin to slip away as the hours of packing and walking from today catch up on me and I fall asleep easily. XxXxXxXXxXxXxXxXx "Can everybody please return to your seats, fasten your seat belts..." I lazily open my eyes and let the light of the small cabin flood into my eyes. I blink a few times and look around. Everyone is shuffling around, getting ready for landing I presume. I see that Cinna next to me is opening a small tin and puts a small mint in his mouth and begins to suck it. I'm about to ask why when a member of the cabin crew comes over to me and starts to fuss about with my tray and seatbelt. Then all the Cabin Crew are told to go back to their seats and the pilots voice rings through the plane telling us that we are descending into the district four airport and suddenly I feel a horrible dropping feeling, but only for a second before the whole plane turns and tilts left. I can't help but grab onto Cinnas hand and clutch it as he just sits there calmly, laughing lightly at me. Soon the plane jolts again and I see that we are now firmly on the ground. I relax slightly