Pocky Desires - A Kronos x Percy One-shot Lemon Percy decides to try something new with Kronos, not realising that this will lead to a night he truly unexpected. Or maybe he did? AU based on Confused by Time where Percy is a Titan just like Kronos. I apologise if either Kronos or Percy seems a little too OOC in this one-shot. Inspired by a piece of art I drew which is on DeviantArt :) The link is in two parts below -_- (replace dot with actual . and no spaces! One link btw, its just that it's on two lines.) fatesmoonlightdemon dot deviantart dot com /art/Confused-By-Time-100-Days-Lost-In-Time-s-Domain-634550881 ^Took me like 40 minutes to find a way of putting a link in cause Fanfiction won't let me *laughs in pain* ^ Before any of you say I copied dragonswoe's lemon 'Liberty' of CbT, can I just say that I'm the friend with the 'disturbing enthusiasm' who helped her to write it, thus explaining the similar writing style of both lemons :P Danke! By the way, this lemon never occurred in the CbT timeline and is not a part of the original story … I only wrote this for the loyal fans out there that ship this. So you know, just go with the flow… ;D It started out with a 'kiss' how did it end up like this? "Kronos?" Percy whined looking for the older Titan in his bedroom. He shut the wooden door behind him, finding Kronos stood by the desk. The pair had currently returned from fending off the Gods that were out there trying to imprison them. "What is it Perseus?" Kronos sighed, looking up from the parchments scattered across the desk. He turned, seeing a giddy Percy walking towards him with a box full of confectionaries. "I bought you some Pocky," Percy smiled showing the older Titan the box full of Japanese delights. "Percy," Kronos pinched his forehead in frustration, "now isn't the time for chocolates. We're being hunted like hounds from every corner of the world." The older Titan grumbled. "I bought this to cheer you up," Percy pulled his innocent smile, hoping to persuade Kronos. "Are you really a Titan or a five-year-old?" Kronos glared at the younger Titan. He turned away back to reading the parchment that he was mid-way through. "I can be both if you like," Percy shot back. He wanted to have some fun with Kronos by cheering him up. He knew the older Titan was tired and pissed, though this was his Firefly. He would always be there for him. Kronos ignored Percy's response, continuing to study the parchment. Moments passed, the older Titan hoping that the younger Titan would leave him be, though he knew Percy better than anyone else. Sighing, he placed the parchment back on the desk and turned expecting to see Percy still stood there waiting patiently and indeed he was, the box of Pocky still in his hand. Kronos observed him, thinking what on earth Percy was trying to do, though something bothered him. "What do you want?" He questioned the younger one. "I want to play a game with you," Percy smirked. "Which is?" Kronos furrowed his eyebrows, confused. "The Pocky game." "Firstly," The older Titan started, "where on earth did you find this Pocky?" Kronos was sure there was none around Othrys and the only place you'd find them would be if you flew to Japan and went to the nearest 7 Eleven store you could find. But he knew that was impossible since Percy had been with him this whole time, certain the younger Titan hadn't secretly flashed himself to Japan and back. Percy shrugged as if the older Titan's question didn't bother him. He'd wanted to play this game for a long time with Kronos. Kronos sighed exasperatedly, figuring that Percy wasn't going to give him an answer anytime soon, "How does it work?" "Well, we both have one end in our mouth," Percy blushed, feeling his cheeks heat up, "the first one to reach the middle loses, if we both end up in the middle it's a draw." Kronos stared at Percy blankly. Was he being pestered for an informal kiss? Why couldn't he just ask me for a kiss if he wanted one? He groaned, annoyed at Percy's actions, pacing over to Percy who began retreating backwards. Percy stumbled, his back hitting the door trapping him between the Titan that was nearing him. He unconsciously took a deep breath, feeling his heart rate increase with every step that Kronos took towards him. "Is that it?" Kronos looked pissed. Percy nodded, his escape route cut off as Kronos cornered him placing his hands on either side of Percy's head, trapping him. He felt his breath hitch when he stared up at Kronos, watching the older Titan's calculating golden eyes glaze over his lips. "So be it," The older Titan declared, his fingers slipping into the box, taking out one chocolate sticks. He poked the end into Percy's mouth with an unexpected 'mmph' , before cupping the younger one's jaw in his hand bringing him closer. Kronos tilted his head so he was at the same height as Percy's head, taking the other end of the Pocky in his mouth. They stayed like that, gold eyes bore into sea green ones, sharing the same oxygen in the little space between them. Kronos smirked, before taking the first bite into the Pocky without warning. Percy was too captivated by how close Kronos was to him, his jaw now slack, he couldn't care less whether he played this game or not. Kronos neared Percy, bit by bit, millimetre by millimetre with every bite he took. He knew Percy wouldn't actually move forward, the younger Titan was hopeless in his possession. That was his Percy. The younger Titan closed his eyes, feeling Kronos' hot breath drawing closer and closer towards him. One more bite. Percy was too eager, moving forward to take the bite for himself meeting Kronos' lips. Kronos was soft and sweet, tasting of the luscious chocolate that was beginning to make him hunger for more. Percy pressed his lips against Kronos', relishing the feel and existence of him, though the moment was short-lived as the older Titan quickly moved away from Percy. Percy's eyes shot open when he noticed the older Titan recoiled back from him and had already begun walking away. "I believe you won Perseus, I reached the middle first," Kronos said coldly walking away. While he did admire Percy for approaching him with a kiss in an intuitive way, it wasn't what he needed at the present moment. He couldn't be distracted. "I guess I did," Percy mumbled, feeling disappointed he hadn't lifted the older Titan spirits. Pain slightly ached in his heart as he watched the older Titan leave him, knowing his answer. Without a word Percy turned, opening the door and letting himself out of the room, closing it silently and never looking back. Kronos was too preoccupied to know that Percy had left him. Only minutes later did he realise how he had treated Percy moments before. He couldn't just brush the younger Titan off like that. They needed each other at a time like this. "Fuck it, I need you Perseus." Kronos sighed, turning to look for the younger Titan. Too late, Percy was gone. He'll be back tonight . Kronos thought, hoping that Percy wasn't too upset with him. Hours passed. Kronos still focused on finding a way to deal with the Gods that were hunting them. He was beginning to be concerned, the fact that he hadn't seen Percy in hours since he last sent him away. The guilt was gnawing away at him, not knowing what Percy was thinking of him or even if he'd come see him again tonight. "Percy," Kronos whispered his name, unable to get the younger Titan out of his head. He sighed, for what must have been the hundredth time that day, hoping a shower would clear his mind and that Percy would be in his bed by the time he'd finished. Kronos walked into the shower turning on the water, feeling the lukewarm water drench him. He closed his eyes, imagining Percy was in the shower with him, his body up against him, lips lavishing his own… Kronos shook his head, trying to shake those thoughts out of his mind. They only brought more guilt along with the desire he yearned for. He lay his back against the tiles of the shower, the warm water showering his face, hoping Percy had forgiven him already. Kronos wasn't one to pray. Though if he did pray, he would be begging that Percy was outside, snuggled up in his bed already. He walked out of the shower, a towel lightly wrapped around his hips and into the dark bedroom, the moonlight from the window only illuminating the room with its natural light. He stopped at the door of the bathroom, feeling the coldness of his room, hoping he wasn't wrong. Kronos walked slowly over to his bed, his mind racing, begging for there to be a form under the duvet covers. He reached his bed. Nothing. The sheets and duvet were left untouched from before. No sign of life entered his room in the short period of time in which he had been in the bathroom. "Fuck," Kronos cursed, realising how much he messed up. Percy wasn't one to act like this. Kronos knew that himself from being around the younger Titan for such a while. But he had never treated Percy in the way he did that morning in his whole life. Brushing off the younger Titan coldly, when he was just trying to take his mind off things and have some time together. Kronos was determined to put things right, not wanting this bitterness to continue in their relationship. He threw on a pair of jeans, leaving his chest bare and set off in pursuit of the younger Titan. Kronos scoured the whole of Mount Othrys fortress high and low, looking for the younger Titan. He left no room untouched; the first place he looked was Percy's old bedroom, where he had first kept him for a time. He had expected the younger Titan to be there, curled up on the bed of his, though Kronos was proved wrong. One hour passed whilst Kronos looked for Percy, every barefooted step he took igniting pain and guilt in his heart. Memories clouded his mind, the moments they had had together, the night they first shared together as a couple, a true couple . It hurt, a lot . He reached his own bedroom again, all hope of finding Percy extinguished. I really don't know him, do I? Kronos questioned himself, opening the door to his bedroom, head hung low. He shut the door behind him, resting his forehead against it exhausted. "Please Perseus," Kronos breathed out, hoping that wherever the younger Titan was he could hear Kronos' desperate call for him. He punched the door, before turning and walking over to the bed he had once shared with Percy, though he was stopped midway in his tracks. The covers moved up and down gently as if someone was soundly asleep under them. Kronos neared the bed, his heart racing with every step he took, faster and faster. He knew it would be him, he knew he would come back. There on the bed lay the younger Titan, his soundless face illuminated in the moonlight as he slept. His chest rising and falling ever so slowly, not a crease stained his face. Kronos smiled, seeing the younger Titan safe in his bed, glad that Percy hadn't stormed off enraged with him. His fingers brushed Percy's cheek, over the spot where he had held Percy that morning, the softness warming his heart. He wanted to replay that moment again. This time not walking away from Percy, but pulling the