Being an unsociable student in high school, it was highly unlikely that you'd experience anything adventurous in your life. Your traumatic past haunting you from every angle makes you want to leave this world. But falling into Time's Domain was your idea of a nightmare. A nightmare that you'd hope would end, or so you thought... Romance blossoms and drama ensues as you meet the very person who'll become your future. Fall into the world that becomes your home. Hi again… It's been a while since I looked at this fanfic, and reading it through, I've realised how childish it seems. So I've decided to revamp it and restart it as a fresh new story with the same name. All the old chapters and author's notes have been deleted and replaced with new chapters. I hope they live up to your expectations. There's a lot less swearing in it and I do hope I can get a move on this! I'm sorry if I don't, it'll probably be when I'm at Uni when I finish this! Tell me what you think, I learn from your comments. 100 Days Lost In Time's Domain – Chapter 1: Phantoms of the Past Disclaimer: I don't own any of the characters from the Percy Jackson Series, they belong to Rick. You own your wonderful self. ^-^ Bzzz... bzzz... bzzz... "Oh shut it." You groaned, sliding your finger across your phone's screen to silence the alarm. 5 minutes that's all I need in this world of suffering. You rolled over onto your front, hugging the duvet closer, burying your face into your pillow. You were still lost in your mad dream where Percy and Jason were having a sass war which had gotten a bit out of hand... " Are you scared?" Percy shot back. " COME AT ME, BRO!" Jason hissed his sabre tooth fangs glinting in the light. " Jason y-your teeth... uh-fangs!" Leo shuddered, never had he seen Jason like this before. " WHAT CAN'T YOU SEE I'M A COSPLAYING DEMON!" Jason glared at Leo. Leo poker-faced mentally, cringing at the thought of what Jason would be like as a demon. Scary as shit dude. Definitely, don't need an Ouija Board to summon him anytime. " PUNY LITTLE SON OF A-" Poseidon's son roared, swinging towards the demon. Nico intervened before Tartarus broke loose, forcing them apart like a boss, slamming the both of them against the elegant marble pillars that framed the hall. Shards of marble daggers lined the floor which was now a death trap. Annabeth was losing her patience. " Seriously… Guys, take a chill pill. We're about to go to war with the Giants." Nico commented not giving a care in the world about the damage he created. " TITAAAN!" Leo screamed. Everyone turned to Leo, a vein popped on Annabeth's head. " Sorry, it's a habit… titans are my trigger…" Leo mumbled, but inside he was grinning. He loved to piss everyone off. Annabeth face palmed. " I'm not gonna hesitate to activate my judo flipping mode boys... especially you Seaweed Brain. And Leo, I'm sure you've never watched anime in your life before..." Bzzz... bzzz... bzzz... Your eyes snapped open as you turned to your phone. 8:15am. You stared at your phone for another 5 seconds blankly. You could hear the clockwork of your brain trying to process the data into information. Then it finally clicked into place, it was Monday. And that meant school. "No.. No… NO!" You cursed, unrolling yourself from the sushi roll you had created with your duvet. The world decided to hate you today instead, as you came into contact with the floor, tripping over your Percy Jackson books that lay scattered across your bedroom. Various post it notes stuck out from all your books, highlighting some of the more memorable quotes of the books. *Cough* Uncle Rick's Sassiness . You turned around looking for the culprit, quickly finding it lying next to your bed – your Trials of Apollo book. "Well... It's better than getting a brick thrown at you." You sighed, rubbing your cheek that you had face floored, which was now turning a fury red colour. You glanced at the clock on the wall next to the mirror. 8:20 am. "Crap!" You cursed as you ran out of your room and into the bathroom, stripping down out of your (f/c) pyjamas for the quickest shower of your life. You turned the shower on and hopped in, feeling the cold water against your body. You sighed in relief as you felt more awake, before consciously reminding yourself that you had to be in Physics class at 9 am. Or it was detention with your teacher; you couldn't even mention their name. The sight of just imagining (him/her) made you shudder. The level of hate towards (him/her) was over 9000, as you had even taken up chanting Latin rituals in (his/her) lesson, hoping to sacrifice them and they die a slow agonising death. That never worked though in the end. 8:30 am. Imagining you were Persassy Jackson on a surfboard, in a complete Hawaiian hula girl outfit wearing a coconut bikini, grass skirt, and aviator shades, you skidded across the bathroom floor literally, across the wood hallways and back into your bedroom. You threw on your undergarments, (f/c) skinny jeans and your (f/c) long-sleeved shirt that covered your arms. Time froze for a second. No one needs to know. I'm okay. It's just like any normal day that happens. Just 7 hours and I'll be back home, safe and sound. Nothing will happen. You looked at yourself in the mirror on your wardrobe. Your (h/c) hair was a bird's nest literally, untamed, the ends split and damaged. Dark circles under your eyes, indicated the sleepless nights that you had, working into the early hours of the morning as you studied for your final exams the week after. You tamed your (h/c) hair with the blue hairbrush your best friend had given you long ago when (s/he) first found out about your obsession with Percy Jackson. Though the pair of you never talked again anymore after they mixed the classes up for Year 11. (S/he) grew popular and started to hang out with the popular teens at school, leaving you behind alone in the dark. Forgotten. That's all I am now. That's how I will remain. Forever alone. 8:40 am. You didn't bother having breakfast anyway, there was no point. You skipped it every morning, and this morning was no different. Grabbing your phone, purse, keys and school bag, you locked your front door and ran to school. Running wasn't your passion. Neither were sports. You loathed the very idea of it, but you kept running, imagining that you were being chased by Cerberus. You couldn't be late again as you were sure this time it would be death by (Physics Teacher Name). 8:59 am. The door to room W17 opened silently as you slipped into your Physics class unnoticed by (t/n) who was gazing at their computer screen, bringing up the register for the class. You walked to the back of the class, glancing at your ex-best friend, taking your place in your seat. It hurt deep down, to know that (she/he) had moved on without you. Forgotten. Replaced. That's all I am now... The whispers clouded your thoughts once again. They lacked no soul, no life. Haunting you, traumatising you, to serve as a grim reminder for the rest of your life that you were forever alone. "Shut Up. Just SHUT UP!" You cried out loud, drawing the looks and attention of everyone in the class to your desk at the back. Frozen at your spot, you felt the colour running, fading from your face. Your eyes turned to your ex-best friend, who was sat at the front, amongst the popular ones, snickering at your little outburst. Pain ached in your heart to see (her/him) laugh at you along with them. Why me? What have I done to deserve this? "Is there something the matter (y/n)?" Your teacher's voice rung out from the front of the class, staring at you. (S/he) was the hawk and you were the faint quivering lamb. "I...uh..." You tried to speak, but nothing came. Your brain refused to collaborate, making you endure the shame even more. "I'll see you after school (y/n), 4 pm sharp, here at my desk. Your attitude is starting to get out of hand; we need to discuss this personally. It isn't like you to make sudden outbursts, did something happen at home-" "NO!" You perked up as you heard those words you dreaded, causing (t/n) to raise (his/her) eyebrows. You re-composed yourself before continuing, "No... Nothing has happened, it's just exams are next week..." You trailed off. No one needs to know. "Is that so? Well, make sure it doesn't happen in this last week again. Take a seat, and do try not to disturb my lesson again." Your teacher turned back towards the whiteboard, beginning to write out notes for the class to copy down. Taking a deep breath you sighed, and sat back down laying your head on the desk. You couldn't be bothered to participate in today's lesson, you weren't in the mood anymore. You just wanted to be at home. Home. A place where I can finally be myself. Everyone knew you as kind, sweet person, who never argued, and always listened. Someone who was always happy and smiled so bright. Lies. Those whispers came back. You never were. You never will be. You are stuck here in this world of suffering for eternity. This is the path I have laid out for you. Now you must endure it. The voices from the reoccurring nightmares of your past haunted you and traumatised you, even at school. Though you never showed it, you were a pro at hiding emotions. You could have been so broken inside, at the breaking point of wanting to die, but on the outside to everyone else, you could be a cheerful person enjoying life to its fullest. The act you had put on for years with a fake smile every day was beginning to suffer and feel the strain. Day by day it became harder, as everyone moved forward in life. But you were being left behind in the dark. One day they will find out. You can't keep secrets forever (y/n). The day dragged on wearily, as you sat at the back of the class away from everyone. You didn't need to interact with anyone and no one interacted with you. You dreaded the fact when the teachers said to work in groups; you were always the one left by yourself. The bell rang, signalling the end of lessons for the morning, and now it was finally lunch. The corridors were flooded with pupils of year 7s rushing towards the canteen, with their large backpacks making them look like tortoises and their navy blue uniforms. You walked head down through the corridors trying to get to the canteen discreetly, not wanting to draw attention. You hugged your body, shadowing your face with your hair. A lost cause that's all I am. You took up your usual spot in the canteen next to the window, staring out at the late summer cherry blossoms that floated across the small lake by your school. You liked to eat in school by yourself anyway, so you stayed right there, taking a bite out of your Chicken Caesar salad. Bzzz... You turned to your phone on the dining table, looking at the notifications, seeing there was a new update for a Percy Jackson fanfiction you followed. You opened it and abandoned the rest of your lunch, no longer feeling hungry anymore. Reading fanfiction was the only thing that mattered and made you happy. Immersing yourself in the fanfiction you began to smile and feel more relaxed- "Hey (Ex Bf/n) isn't that (y/n)? The one that