The Endless Journey "Heelp" screamed Ron as he sped along the field barely managing to stay on top of his old broom. The broom then started to shout curses towards him. More screams as he just barely missed being hit in the head by the Bludger. "Bloody hell, bloody hell" he kept saying as he flew into the great hall. Still trying to lose the Bludger which was right on his tail. "Ron, Ron, wake up." "Bloody hell, that was way too intense." "Drink this when I tell you to." Whispered Harry. "Harry, is that the liquid lu…?" asked Hermione. "Yeah the one I got last week." Ron had already known what it was from the beginning, and was weighing his options. Neither seemed positive. On one hand he could play fair and risk being deadweight. On the opposite hand, he could probably cheat a little bit, and risk being kicked out of the team while winning the cup. Just as he was inching towards the decision of receiving a bit of help from luck itself. "Don't drink it Ron." insisted Hermione Taking Hermione's advice Ron sat still a little longer before standing up, and awkwardly bringing the vile up to his mouth, like he was hesitating. "Might as well just drink it now than standing here all day waiting for someone to come on in and ruin the whole plan." Finally, with his mind made up Ron took a full swing and the liquid luck disappeared down his throat. "Does this thing work?" Ron said turning towards Harry "Sure it does. Remember it changes your luck not your body." "What's wrong with him." said the looks of bypassers as Ron passed about feeling more energy than he ever had. Saying things like "Make sure you bid on us." or "Don't worry I'll save the day." Harry was battling himself to stop from laughing out loud. Quickly Harry ran out almost bursting with laughter. Just as he was laughing, tears into his eyes, Cho turned a corner and noticed Harry laughing under the invisibility cloak. "Knock, knock." she whispered as she pulled the cloak open. "Hi Harry." she said with a wide smile. Her sudden move shocked Harry as his face turned pale white. She stared at his face for a while. No words came out of his mouth for a few minutes, but still he gave a laugh. "Ohh… Hey Cho. You gave me a fright!" answered Harry nervously. His full body was shaking continuously. But then he remembered he was talking to Cho. "I was looking for you. Are you going to the match?" "Well yes, of course" she answered as she held his hands. Cho had a few unanswered questions. "How could I miss your match." She gave a smooth hug to Harry, then asked "Harry, why were you hiding under your cloak. Is something wrong?" "Ummm…, nothing serious. I was just hiding from Hermione." He answered. The whole place was almost empty. Harry led Cho to an area in the entrance hall where they can talk quietly. "This morning I tried to encourage Ron for the match by giving him THE LIQUID LUCK. Well I tricked him by switching the potion with water. He felt so energized. He almost rode his broom jus t to get to the arena. I hope it works for him." Harry gasped. Cho's mind was spinning with thoughts as she instantly noticed Harry's worried face. She looked at his green eyes and said "Harry, its not your fault. Trying to help someone is not for worrying. Now just forget everything and try to concentrate on the match." He nodded as Cho gave a kiss on his cheek. He finally managed to clear his mind. "Com'n Harry, lets go to the arena." she said in a soft tone. Ron along with the other members of the Quidditch team. Just as they were walking down to the field, Ron noticed Harry walking with Cho. Their face was the brightest thing on the road. Happiness was glowing with them as Ron rushed to them. "I'll see you after the match, Cho." shouted Harry with a bright look, once again grabbed his Firebolt from the ground. "Bye Harry, I'll see you around. Good Luck." Harry stared at her until she was out of view. He was full of excitement and happiness. As soon as he looked at Ron, he started to move toward his teammates. They were barely halfway down the stairs to the arena from the castle. Ron was feeling both nervous and frightened. Last year's Quidditch cup final was a whole different match, but this year he was playing as one of the players. An unusual shade of clouds began to form with a rogue wind as Ron made an face due to the unusual weather. Almost thirty minutes before the match, a sudden words with a deep voice came from the back. A guy who has eyes as black as his name. As soon as Sirius asked about the game Ron felt a sudden chill as if the effects of the Felix Felicius had worn off. "Bloody hell" whispered Ron as he turned around and started to face the others side. "Hey, Ron, how's the new keeper." Sirius said as he got a strong hold of Ron preventing him from running away without answering. "Um… Good I guess." "Attaboy, that's the spirit." Sirius continued. "You know, when I was your age, I used to be a chaser and a bloody good one at that. We'd have all kinds of formations. Good old Potter, Harry's father used to be the team's captain. All kinds of crazy ideas, but always the good type. Quite a streak we had going. You guys should give a tryout to those ideas. I've got it all here, your fathers journal." And much to everyone astonishing, Sirius brought out an old, worn out, leather diary. "Here Harry, he, um… gave this to me and told me to give it to someone whoever you think it may concern. And I think this concerns you." Wearily, not knowing what to say, Harry took his fathers journal, keeps sake with tears of both happiness and sadness "Thanks, Sirius." Harry said getting a hold of himself. The small journal that felt so light in his hands, had such a heavy presence. Almost as if all the secrets within were adding more weight to it. Not physically, but mentally. "Your father would have been proud of you." Sirius said proudly. The roaring of the crowd was spinning around the stadium. It was the first Quidditch game of the season. All but the weather was cooperating with the great event. A typical autumn storm. Thick fog that limited the vision of players and fans alike. Dark thunderous clouds hovered overhead as an increasingly strong wind was blowing through. Putting his wand to his neck Dumbledore cleared his throat and said with a booming voice. "The game has been postponed till further notice due to the current weather." Dumbledore announced to the crowd of students booing intensively. "Headmaster, why don't we ask the team captains about their opinion about the situation?" Inquired Sirius. "Don't you think it's a bit out of their control? The weather?" replied Dumbledore. There was still a little stiffness in his face. "That's true, but in the other way it will add excitement to the game." Dumbledore nodded. After a brief moment, Dumbledore turned toward the professors "Do you think we should give the captains the authority to start the game? Consider this carefully, your decisions are final." Few moments later Dumbledore announced "The council of teachers has decided…" The arena went dead silent as everybody anticipating the decision of the teachers. Cho and Luna holding hands, hoping for a positive decision. This time Cho and Luna were sitting in the Griffindor side with Hermione. Luna was dressed as huge lion as everyone on the bench stared at her shocked. Hermione on the other hand, hoped that for the sake of Harry and Ron's safety. The game will indeed to be postponed." "We have decided that this is for the captains of both teams to be decided." As soon as the news was out, Harry started considering a different strategy… After feeling the latest wind condition, Harry was shocked as the Slytherin crowd started singing the "Weasley is our king" song. He decided which final strategy to use during the match. Even with a new advanced play, he couldn't help but hope for the Felix Felicius trick to work on Ron. Few minutes before the match, Harry and his teammates ran down the entrance tunnel as the crowd's shouting started to rise again. "Guy's, just stick to the plan and we'll be fine. Especially you, Ron." Harry rose for a shout. The Griffindor team was not like the usual one. With Angelina Johnson graduated, Katie Bell still recovering at ST Mungo's, Fred and George gone, most of the teammates were inexperienced players. Even so the team was determined to win the House cup. Another thing was that they all had enough faith in their team leader to follow his plan. Although, it all came down to Harry and Ron in the end. Griffindors took off as the wooden barriers opened with a huge cheer. Despite it made Ron even more nervous, the team were full of courage and confidence. The cheering made Ron lose his sense around himself. The game was just starting and yet Ron felt like he had been playing for hours. The Slytherin team were already in position, deadly stares of the opponents were locked on Harry's face. The Slytherins, the dirtiest players in the four Houses. They would do anything to keep themselves in lead. Fouls, kicks even injuries. As Madam Hooch made her way to the center of the field, the whole arena got silent. Through the fog and mist, Harry could only make out a blurry figure of around himself. "We are experiencing some heavy weather today so I recommend that you kids fly carefully today. The outcome of a collision today might be devastating." Instructed Madam Rolanda Hooch. "Like I always, I want a nice clean game from all of you." "Hello, Hogwarts. Welcome to the first Quidditch match of the season." said Zacharius Smith with high tone by the microphone. It was his first time as a commentator. "Today's game, Griffindor vs Slytherin. The rules are same and simple. The Quidditch pitch has three rings at each end. The chasers throw the Quaffle and try to put it through the rings to score…" His voice sounded nervous. Madam Hooch opened the chest as she released the Bludgers. "The Bludgers are released, followed by the Golden Snitch. Remember. The Snitch costs 150 points, so the one who catches the Snitch first wins the game." He finished with a cheered tone. Madam Hooch grabbed the Quaffle with a tight fist. As the players gave a sharp stare at the ball, the new commentator said "Madam Hooch has the Quaffle, the game is ready to begin." Hooch threw the ball smoothly into the air, then Smith shouted "And the game begins." With a sudden move, the chasers that were after the Quaffle, both collided forcefully into one another crashing with a loud thud. All the players were on the move, except for the two keepers. The Slytherins played like their usual strategy. Always foul, use brutal force. Ron couldn't even see the players through the fog and mist. He barely saw the rings behind him as he tried to block a few shot attempts. Despite that Griffindor had already lost 40 points, Ron was becoming better and better. The air felt like a frozen wind. Harry began to seek for the Golden Snitch. It was impossible for him to find the Snitch through this situation. After 30 minutes, the scores were 40-60 in Slytherin's favor. But only one who gave Harry confidence to seek through the impossible