Prologue And This Long Wake of Phosphor… And this long wake of phosphor, iridescent Furrow of all our travel — trailed derision! Eyes crumble at its kiss. Its long-drawn spell Incites a yell. Slid on that backward vision The mind is churned to spittle, whispering hell. —Hart Crane (1899—1932), Southern Cross* (a letter written on ruled notebook paper) Ginny, You know I'm not that great at writing letters but I'm giving it a go. I reckoned if you didn't hear from me at some point I'd be in trouble. The thing is I haven't written so far because I'm not sure what to say. Or I'm not sure what to say that won't make you hacked at me. I don't want you to come with me. Sorry, but that's the truth. The Dursleys have been gone a lot the last few days and I've been sitting here and it looks like a bad idea. How are we going to get you away from The Burrow? Your mum will kill me, you know. What really worries me is the Ministry. You'll still be under age and if you use any magic then they'll find us. I can't think of any way around that and yes I have tried, I'm not just using excuses. There's no way I'll let you come if you can't use magic to defend yourself. So I've torn this letter up about five times now and started over. This is the best version, I think. I don't know. I'm not good at writing letters. I just want to know that you're okay and that you don't want to hurt me for changing my mind again. Harry (a letter written on blank white stationary) Dear Harry, You're a prat. I'm only slightly angry with you. You aren't good at writing letters, but at least you tried. As for everything else — stop it, Harry. You're thinking too much. You should never be alone, you know that? You're terrible at it! I leave you to your own devices for a few weeks and you fall apart. I want you to get in touch with Scott and tell him to bring you to The Burrow right away . Full stop. Get out of that awful house and come see me. We'll work this out. I'll wager Hermione can think of something for the Ministry problem. Or we can tell Scott to just burn the place down. Love, Ginny (a letter written on ruled notebook paper) Ginny, Please don't tell Scott to burn down the Ministry. He might actually do it and we've got enough problems. I don't know how to get in touch with him. He just shows up sometimes. I don't think he would take me to your place. He seems happy enough to leave me here, maybe because of the protections. Makes his job easier, probably. Last time I saw him he said that Lila was watching out for you and everyone else at the Burrow. If anything should happen, make sure you stick close to her. I told Scott to stay near you as well, but I'm not sure he listened. He usually likes to keep us all in one place. If he hasn't tried to move us he must have some sort of reason. I said before I wasn't good at writing letters. Well, I'm really really not good at writing letters that are personal. But I miss you. And I still don't see how this is going to work but I hope it does. Guess that wasn't very romantic. I'm just rubbish at this. Harry (a note scrawled on the back of a flyer for a lawn service) Hey dude Lil said Ginny was griping about me seeing you? For something? I don't know Just call me Even you magic Neanderthals gotta know how to use a phone 020 7946 0998 (a letter written on heavy parchment) Harry, Hey, mate. Thought it was about time I write you since it's been a bit. I've been writing Hermione non-stop though, for a change. I think she likes it. Hard to tell just reading about her day, maybe she's sick of all the letters. You don't think Hermione would ever get tired of letters do you? Maybe I should stop. Anyway I wanted to ask you something. I saw you'd been writing Ginny. Which is fine, that's nice that you can still be friends and all. But I thought there was something else going on? Gin seems kind of excited when she's writing you. So really what I'm wondering is if the two of you got back together. That's why I wrote. Write back soon, Ron (a phone conversation) (Ringing) SCOTT: 'Yello! HARRY: Hello? Scott? SCOTT: Oh, hey, Harry. Thought I might hear from you. HARRY: Well, you did give me your number. How does that work, though, did you just buy a— SCOTT: Uh, Harry, if we're going to continue this conversation it would be helpful if you'd take the phone out of your ass. HARRY: Sorry. Sorry, I… (embarrassed silence) God, I don't remember the last time I used a phone. I was putting it too close to my mouth. At least I'm not shouting, some wizards will do that. SCOTT: Good thing you're no ordinary wizard. The Chosen One doesn't need to shout. HARRY: (sigh) Right. Like I was saying, did you buy a phone in London? SCOTT: This is a recent setup. Standard, but recent. This number actually just routes to my com. HARRY: Okay. SCOTT: …So did you call for any particular reason, or is this a cry for help? HARRY: That thing with Lila and Ginny. Ginny wants you to take me to The Burrow as soon as you can. SCOTT: Why? You changing your mind already? HARRY: I change my mind about it every other minute. That, and she doesn't like me being alone out here. SCOTT: Tough noogies. Not much longer to go anyway, you'll be there soon enough. HARRY: I reckoned you'd say that. That's what I told her. SCOTT: Well, aren't I predictable. (a loud bang, muffled shouting in the distance) Hey, look at that, I gotta go. Keep it real, H. (dial tone) HARRY: Bye… (a letter written on ruled notebook paper) Ron, I know this isn't what you want to hear but the thing I have with Ginny is complicated. I'll just be honest. She wants to come with us. I know that isn't a good idea, but you need to talk to Scott about it more than me. He said some things that I don't know how to finish this. I'm sort of convinced that leaving her behind is pointless, but then I'm also not because I know that it will be dangerous. I can't say more in a letter. Sorry. Harry (a letter written on blank white stationary) Bloody hell, Harry! I can't believe you told Ron and not in person. He exploded today, no joke, I thought for sure Mum would find out about the whole thing. What were you thinking? You know he's all worried that you're just messing me about. It's unbearable here right now, thanks to you. Even Dad wants to know why we're fighting and what am I going to say? Couldn't you just keep it to yourself for a few more weeks? Is that really so hard?! You're such a total prat, Harry. Lucky I like you so much. Ginny (a letter written on ruled notebook paper) Ginny, I'm sorry. I really am. I just couldn't lie to him. I thought about it. He was going to find out anyway, you know that. He hasn't written back to me. I'm sure that's not a good sign. I'm back to being glad you'll be with me. I feel like if I could just be with you we could work this out. I reckon this will last until tomorrow morning, then I'll want to lock you away again. Harry (a letter written on personalized pale lavender stationary) Dear Harry, I understand you've made quite a mess recently. Ron has been writing me (for once!) and raised a fuss about you and Ginny. I suppose you've worked things out with her, at least for the most part. I really can't imagine why you told Ron without doing so in person, but what's done is done. I'll do my best to calm him, though when it comes to Ginny you know how he can be. What you really need is for Scott to talk to him. That way, even if Ron tries to hit Scott, we all know he had it coming anyway (that was a joke). Speaking of which, has Scott said anything about watching me? I could have sworn I saw a blond man across the street last Thursday. He was leaning against a car. I went to the front walk, but by then he was gone. There wasn't exactly a crowd on the street that evening, so I thought it might be him. I know you're impatient and feeling cooped up at the Dursleys', but it won't be much longer until the wedding. Try to get some rest, Harry — real rest, not the tossing and turning you call rest when you're worried about something. I know you haven't been sleeping well, because I know you. Affectionately, Hermione (a phone conversation) (Ringing) SCOTT: This had better be Harry Potter. HARRY: It is me. Why would it be someone else? SCOTT: Just getting ready to threaten someone, if need be. You never know. Somebody could have broken into your house or stolen this number from you. HARRY: And you would have done what, exactly? SCOTT: I would have told them that I'd rip their lower intestines out through their urethra unless they let you go immediately. HARRY: Ugh. Can that actually be done? SCOTT: No. But it would be both painful and fatal when I tried. HARRY: Uh, anyway… Hermione wrote me. Were you outside of her house last Thursday? SCOTT: Yep. HARRY: (relieved sigh) Okay, good. I was worried that if it wasn't you, maybe someone else was looking for her. SCOTT: They'd better not. I wouldn't like that at all. HARRY: Me, neither. So everything has been okay? SCOTT: Ron and Ginny are safe in The Burrow, Lila is still spending a lot of time there. Most of her time, actually. Hermione has been fine at her house, you've been okay at yours so far. Neville is holed up in his not-so-humble abode, and there's so much magic around there I can't get too close to it, I'm worried I might break something. Luna… Luna is okay for now. I caught a Death Eater sniffing around her place. HARRY: What?! Already? Why her, she can't possibly be considered such a threat— SCOTT: Relax, I took care of it. HARRY: You can't be everywhere at once. Why don't you let me go and stay with her for a while, just until we can all get together. SCOTT: No. You're staying right where you are. HARRY: Luna is in danger, I can't just sit here on my arse! SCOTT: You can and you will. I told you, I took care of it. HARRY: Took care of it how? SCOTT: I told Neville about it. HARRY: You… Ah. I see. Sometimes I forget how sneaky you are. SCOTT: No, you don't. Luna is now enjoying an indefinite stay in Neville's hospitality. HARRY: I'm surprised he could convince his grandmum. SCOTT: I don't know if he bothered to ask. So is there anything else, or were you just checking in? HARRY: I — er — might have told Ron about me and Ginny. With a letter. SCOTT: I know. Lila is currently having a high old time watching the two of them quietly seethe at each other. HARRY: He hasn't written me back. SCOTT: Probably saving his fingers for punching. HARRY: …Er — about that. Hermione thought it might be best if