A young pale skinned boy, thin and lanky with dark messy hair, badly repaired glasses and a lost look on his face sits quietly in the dark. Young Harry Potter grew up always knowing he was different from the others. When all the children of his age usually played outside, he always stayed in his room; the cupboard under the stairs, reading for hours. He had a weird sort of memory. He could remember the most detailed points of individual events, right down to the feel of how warm or cold. He felt what the air smelled like, the feel of something on his hands or elsewhere on his skin. The memories were always extraordinarily detailed and vivid. Reading books was his favorite pass time. He could recall virtually anything from any book he read down to the last word. So, studying naturally came as a second nature to him. Performing best in class was his first, but he never showed his progress to his relatives, afraid of their outburst. A few years prior Harry had discovered the consequences of outperforming his cousin. A six year old Harry came running into the house his report clutched in his hand. He had finally done it, he came first in class. He couldn't wait to tell his uncle. Running to the living room, he found his uncle with Dudley standing beside him. "Uncle, Uncle! See I can first in class." He said enthusiastically handing his report to his uncle. Sadly, he didn't get the imagined response. Instead of smiling his uncle became furious. "You freak, how dare you. It is because of you that my Dudley failed." His uncle shouted. "Just you wait, you freak, I'll show you how we deal with nuisance like you. Getting up from his seat Vernom Dursley unstrapped his belt and lashed his nephew. Harry's plead was lost to his ears as he beat him black and blue. When he was finished there was not an inch of skin free from the belt marks. From that day forth Harry quickly learned never to show his emotions in front of his 'family'. His memory while giving him a major advantage in his studies caused him a great deal of headaches. He often sat wondering how to make his head stop hurting. He debated for a few days, then went to the local library. There he asked the librarian about books on memory. The elderly woman eyed him quizzically for a few moments before nodding add guided him to a secluded part of the library which to his surprise was void of any presence. Quickly he found a place to sit and began browsing through books. He found books with strange labels; "Introduction to the magical world", "Runes: A detailed study." "Dark arts: A complete guide to offensive and defensive spells." "Transfiguration: Grade 4." and many more, it was during this time in his life that he made a startling discovery. He was a WIZARD . Gleaming through the library's collection of the Wizarding world Harry find out about his past. How his parents had been killed by an evil wizard named 'Voldemort' and his technically useless status as the 'Boy-Who-Lived'. This information filled Harry with a new sense of purpose. Learning that your parents were not drunks killed in a car accident, but were murdered by a dark lord tends to do that for you. He promised himself that he would become the most powerful wizard this world had ever seen, a wizard his parents would've been proud of. It took him a few weeks to completely finish the basics. Not having the luxury of a wand yet, he resolved by other means. One he found in a book labelled 'Wandless casting.' It was a very difficult practice one that even most adult wizards couldn't perform. It required you to find your magical core, by clearing your mind and then manually channel your magic. Unwilling to give up Harry read any book he could find on meditation. During those times he was locked in his cupboard, he began meditating After getting a hang of meditation, he learned to sort his memories, arranging them in neat files. He built a mental palace inside his mind where he arranged his memories in different shelves. It took a lot of effort as the process moved slowly but he managed to sort out his memories. After completing the initial process, he proceeded to the next step. Once you had successfully cleared your mind, feeling your magic was easy, what's difficult was channeling it. Harry tried nonstop for days till end, forcefully trying to control his magic, unsuccessful each time, but Harry was nothing but determined. He kept on trying for days till he analyzed his mistake. He was trying to force his magic. One of the most important things he had learned in his life was that you could never force anyone to do your binding. Mentally scolding himself, he tried again, this time not forcing but allowing his magic to flow freely through his body and transform into spells. It had been a few days since Harry was trying his new technique for wandless magic. This technique although more effective than his previous try was more time consuming. He was sitting alone in his cupboard meditating, getting a grasp of his magic, he was certain now that he had finally perfected it. With that in mind, he took a deep breath and spoke; "Wingardium Leviosa." All the things surrounding him began floating in mid air. He felt a surge go through him, which he could only assume was his magic. After maintaining the spell for a few minutes, he finally cancelled it, and the objects moved back to their original position. He grinned and fist pumped the air. He did it! Finally, After, that fateful day Harry learned from every book he could find. His favorite by far was Runes, Transfiguration and Dark Arts with Potions and Charms just behind. With his memory Harry didn't read, he devoured the books. He didn't really know what level books were he to read, but he did find something called O.W.L level in the books. Well, only time will tell. ****Line Break**** 24 June 1991 Nearly three years had passed since the day Harry began practicing magic, but Privet Drive had hardly changed at all. The sun rose on the same tidy front gardens and lit up the brass number four on the Dursleys front door; it crept into their living room. Only the photographs on the mantelpiece really showed how much time had passed. Ten years ago, there had been lots of pictures of what looked like a large pink beach ball wearing different-colored bonnets - but Dudley Dursley was no longer a baby, and now the photographs showed a large whale like blond boy riding his first bicycle, on a carousel at the fair, playing a computer game with his father, being hugged and kissed by his mother. The room held no sign at all that another boy lived in the house, too. Yet Harry Potter was still there, asleep at the moment, but not for long. His Aunt Petunia was awake and it was her shrill voice that made the first noise of the day. "Up! Get up! Now!" Harry woke with a start. His aunt rapped on the door again. "Up!" she screeched. He rolled onto his back and quietly, made his way towards the kitchen, getting ready to make 'ikkle Duddikins' special birthday breakfast. He so desperately wished to use his magic and teach these people a lesson, but he knew he had to keep his abilities a secret, for as long as he could . Once he was dressed, he went down the hall into the kitchen. The table was almost hidden beneath all Dudley's birthday presents. It looked as though Dudley had gotten the new computer he wanted, not to mention the second television and the racing bike. Exactly why Dudley wanted a racing bike was a mystery to Harry. '.. Stupid fat whale always getting presents and always stuffing his mouth should be given a special diet, not special meals. Fat tub o' lard.' he thought venomously, as he started the bacon, eggs, kippers, and pancakes. Harry was frying eggs by the time Dudley arrived in the kitchen with his mother. Dudley looked a lot like Uncle Vernon. He had a large pink face not much neck, small, watery blue eyes, and thick blond hair that lay smoothly on his thick, fat head. Aunt Petunia often said that Dudley looked like a baby angel - Harry often said that Dudley looked like a pig in a wig. Harry put the plates of egg and bacon on the table, which was difficult as there wasn't much room. Dudley, meanwhile, was counting his presents. His face fell." Thirty-six," he said, looking up at his mother and father. "That's two less than last year." "Darling, you haven't counted Auntie Marge's present, see, it's here under this big one from Mommy and Daddy." "All right, thirty-seven then," said Dudley, going red in the face. Harry, who could see a huge Dudley tantrum coming on, began wolfing down his bacon as fast as possible in case Dudley turned the table over. Aunt Petunia obviously scented danger, too, because she said quickly, "And we'll buy you another two presents while we're out today. How's that, Popkin? Two more presents. Is that all right'' Dudley thought for a moment. It looked like hard work. Finally, he said slowly, "So I'll have thirty ... thirty..." "Thirty-nine, Sweetums," said Aunt Petunia. "Oh." Dudley sat down heavily and grabbed the nearest parcel. "All right then." She bustled around the table and draped herself over her small mountain of a child in a very odd approximation of a hug. "The freak" she said, pausing to emphasize the word, "has to come because old Mrs. Figg is going to visit her son." Half an hour later, Harry, who couldn't believe his luck, was sitting in the back of the Dursleys' car with Dudley, on the way to the zoo for the first time in his life. His aunt and uncle hadn't been able to think of anything else to do with him, but before they'd left, Uncle Vernon had taken Harry aside. "I'm warning you," he had said, putting his large purple face right up close to Harry's, "I'm warning you now, boy - any funny business, anything at all - and you'll be in that cupboard from now until Christmas." "I'm not going to do anything," said Harry, honestly. But Uncle Vernon didn't believe him. It was a very fine morning and the zoo was filled with families. The Dursleys bought Dudley a large chocolate ice cream at the entrance and then, because the smiling lady in the van had asked Harry what he wanted before they could hurry him away, they bought him a cheap lemon ice pop. It wasn't bad, either, Harry thought, licking it as they watched a gorilla scratching its head. Who looked remarkably like Dudley, except that it wasn't blond. Finally, after two hours of Dudley's whining about 'Boring animals' they reached the reptile house. Dudley quickly found a black mamba and rushed towards to its container, wailing wildly at the glass. Wishing to see the snake move, but at the moment it didn't look in the mood. In fact, it was fast asleep. The snake suddenly opened its beady eyes. Slowly, very slowly, it raised its head until its eyes were on a level with Harry's. It winked. "Greetingssss, majessstic one, I am Ssssory about my cousin." Harry hissed at the snake. " It'ssss quite all right ssspeaker, I get that a lot. This gawking mugglessss lock me in a cage and expect me to perform for them." The shake hissed back in a male voice. "It musssst be really annoying." The snake nodded vigorously. "Where did you come from?" Harry