Hi! Let me just start with saying English is not my first language and that I apologize for possible mistakes. This Chapter is about first days in the valley. There are canon characters - Elrond and Erestor and four OCs - Adledhron, Beleguron, Berenor and Pedir. Development of characters which you might think now are slightly OC like will happen during following chapters (mainyl Erestor, he is young in here). I hope you will like it and enjoy reading it as much as I enjoyed writing it. (let's not lie it's probably worse than I think) SA 1697, Late summer. „ Yes. We shall rest here." Elrond spoke "The valley will be safer than opened plains above, for tonight." Turning to others, he caught looks of few and spoke to the closest one. standing near "Tell the others we are stopping here." " For how long, only for night again?" young elf asked back quickly before Elrond had chance to turn away and look around again. " Morning will tell." Elven lord answered, letting his eyes fall over all the others around, already sitting down, yet not taking off baggage of their back or backs of horses. There only were few of them, so many died, so little left, and these who did not come with him, stayed with Celeborn. Elrond himself refused to leave Eregion, but after all, they agreed it would be the best. The land was nearly destroyed, left and abandoned, for these who could not fought crossed the mountains or run to other kingdoms and realms. Wounded and unable to fight, wise and noble, others which wished to stay near – only these left and even they had to leave now, for their lives would not be spared. Nothing and no-one was spared from the evil forces spreading lies, disaster, chaos and death. " We rest here over night!" loud voice interrupted Elrond's thoughts "Build tents! Patrol meeting in front, two stands in back! No fires!" " Thank you, Adledhron." Elrond laid his hand on elf's shoulder "We will rest after the meeting." Watching few elves slowly working their way through others, Elrond sighed, turning around and walking away. Adledhron, the young elf who now always stood beside him, looked at his lord's back, for second wanting to say something but than biting his lips together he turned around to first of armoured elves coming, quickly holding him back when seeing he wants to follow Elrond. Soon the last rays of sun would fall over the valley and cover all in darkness and evening dew. The sounds of waterfalls falling over rocks and down to the river Bruinen again can easy any mind, even birds could be heard - something so long unheard. There was no shadow of war, no darkness, no pain. The only pain in valley was the one these who came brought with them. It felt safe to them. But was it, really? " My lord." It was Beleguron, who spoke behind him "Should we search the valley before sun goes down?" he asked, not waiting for Elrond to turn to him. " Yes that is a good idea." He answered "Go quick, leave few for defence in case it is needed." Beleguron quickly node and turned around, signalizing simply to others to follow him. " Sir?" Finally, Elrond turned around, seeing few last armoured elves walk around "our stocks are getting really thin, we…" he held up hand to stop the younger elf and when no more words could be heard, Elrond sighed and looking down the valley again, he reached for his companion's shoulder. " If Beleguron returns with good news, we shall stay here for tomorrow as well and rest." Elrond spoke "There will be enough time for fire and hunt." Their eyes met for moment, before Elrond raised his to group of elves near. Most of the elves already build their tents or set their blankets, tying the horses in groups around small trees and fetching some water from waterfalls and little streams running around from them. One young elf, the one Elrond was looking for, sat alone, holding closed book, looking down they valley at the sunset. Adledhron bowed and walked away, speaking to the closest group of elves and than walking to another, telling them the same. He was good, loyal and truth telling. During journey north, even Elrond was surprised by his honesty, for he always told exactly what people thought and never stuttered or stopped himself in saying anything what would not others tell. He was brave – maybe not in fight, but in heart. The young elf with book looked up when Elrond stood upon him, looking the same direction, yet saying nothing, until he sat down next to him on ground, sighing. " Will we really stay her for a day, too?" he asked quietly, quickly drawing the book closer to his body. " We may." Elrond simply answered for moment looking at the book, than back down the valley searching for Beleguron and his followers on the edges. "You should rest today." He almost whispered, catching the other's elf quick look and smiling "I know." Elrond added. " I wish you did not." young elf answered immediately "I am sorry." " There is nothing to be sorry for. Travelling with others does not mean you do not travel alone." Steps behind them interrupted him, but Adledhron only walked around, to one of the horses "Remember," Elrond looking at youngster sitting next to him "As long as you stay close to me, you won't be alone, if you won't wish to, Erestor." Elrond did not sleep that night. As soon as his tent was built, he sat down against the wall of rock the tent was hanged into, with candle. There was a lot to write, lots of counting and planning. Beleguron came back with good news, the sides of valley were too high and straight to climb up or down and there was no one around. Elrond discussed with him, and few others, plan for following few days and than set himself to work. Even if they was not going to stay in valley for more than one day, he must write message to Celeborn, for it was first place they finally stopped. Messenger will be sent at the morning. Adledhron suggested leaving someone behind. The idea was not bad – small group of people, maybe only three or four, who could defend themselves and direct or distract anyone who might follow – depending on if the follower is friend or not. They would be told to send any suspicious person the wrong direction and any more of followers in right path. Looking into map, Elrond realized they are now between mountains and forest. The position was great. With Beleguron, they agreed to search the valley further in the morning and stay for at least half of day – maybe for another night if the search will show there is no way of being found or attacked. Elrond didn't like the idea of staying too long, for he felt rather trapped and unsafe. The place was beautiful, no doubt about that, but did not felt as safe as others thought about it, to him. Erestor slept in tent with him and Adledhron. During the journey they always slept close to Elrond, for Adledhron did not left his lord's side and Erestor knew no-one there. He was the last to stay in city with others, all these he knew left or worse – died. Many died. Adledhron did not mourn for all these he lost, he ignored the whole war, the fact they are on run. Simply, he occupied himself with other things and his sleep was calm for he tired himself. Erestor, on the other hand, did mourn, but hid it. Even others noticed he seeks solitude and sits by himself if not with Elrond or Adledhron. Both of them knew he was too young for such looses and understood he did not wish to share the pain yet many times Elrond saw Adledhron's eyes stumble upon Erestor, many times he saw their eyes met, but never any of them to step forward. It was close to the morning when Erestor woke up. It wasn't the first time Elrond saw him, few nights back he was awoken by watch around that time, for they had to wake him up when, and if, anything suspicious happens. At the end, it only was deer walking around, but he was awoken and before falling asleep again, Erestor woke up too. He did not knew Elrond was awake, it wasn't him, interrupting his dreams. It was his mind waking him up. His fear. Shortly after Sauron attacked Eregion, they young elf refused to leave and begged his mother to remain with him, for in that time, many of these who tried to run have been killed. Than one morning, Erestor woke up to empty house and knew what happened. Now his eyes stopped at Elrond. " Go back to sleep." He whispered, for Adledhron did not move – the other young elf was still asleep "Nothing changed." Adding, he looked at the entrance of tent. Erestor did not answer; he only laid down again, not moving anymore. Not an hour later, there were movements and whispers outside to be heard, but nobody came in, until Elrond blew away candle's flame and stood up. Than finally the gap in canvas opened and Beleguron peeked inside just to see Elrond standing up and walking over to the exit. Outside, a small group of elves stood in closed circle, muttering and whispering. The younger ones were checking their weapons and cloaks, while the older elves were trying to hold back laugh. Three of them, including Beleguron and his younger brother Berenor looked rather tired. " We are about to leave." Beleguron spoke quickly "sooner we go sooner we will be back. The sun is awaking. There are patrols left at both ends of camp and few guards standing at the sides as we agreed." He handed over small horn, without speaking about it. " What time should we expect you back?" Elrond asked, hanging the horn to his belt. " By the mid-day." Beleguron answered "not later, we won't go much far." " All right." Sighing, he looked once more at others, letting his eyes slip from group of youngsters to Berenor who stood away with the other sleepy looking elf "Be safe." Elrond looked back at Beleguron, resting his hand on his shoulder. " Be well." Beleguron answered, pulling out a little smile, than without any other word, turning around and walking away, signalizing the others they are leaving. Berenor lightly hit one of elves standing in group near and they all moved, bowing their heads to Elrond as they passed. Watching them leave, he saw the first sunrays appearing on top of cliffs and trees on top of the valley. It would take time for sun to come near and warm this place up. This was nearly the end of valley; sun will shine upon them in the afternoon. He made his way down the camp, listening and watching. Some people only slept under canvases hanged on rock wall, some built tents and than few simply slept under the night sky. Eventually, he reached the end, finding guards stand back to back, one watching over camp, the other down the path they came on. It was narrow path of big animals, nothing more. Not even Beleguron noticed it first, and Adledhron refused to go down when Elrond asked him to go and see how narrow it is further down the slope. Berenor went down and run back quickly, leading both Beleguron and Elrond down the path to see the valley. They took wider bags off horse's backs, so they could fit on path and carried them on, until a small opening. Eventually, they reached wider path, ending