Hello to new and old readers alike. I wanted to inform you that yes, this is the same story and yes, it is being rewritten. Updates should be relatively quick since most of the chapters are already written and I am just updating and doing some of the transition changes. I am very excited about this to tell you all the truth, and I believe that this story should have been M rated from the start so I can write it as it should've been written. Anyways, I hope you enjoy the new version! One ring to rule them all, one ring to find them, one ring to bring them all and in the darkness bind them. Don't Wake Me Up Chapter 1 Where I Belong I stare out at the rain as it slides down the glass pane and collects on the outside of the window before dripping to the ground. It's refreshing-the way the rain brings life to the land and keeps people inside-away from me. My reflection stares back at me from the dark window, lacking the colour that defines me. My dark brown hair looks streaky and uneven. My hard grey eyes look devoid of life. My skin looks pale instead of the light tan that comes from my Italian heritage. I look like a ghost. Then again, in some ways I am one. As I stare out the window at the gloomy forest, a small smile tugs at the corners of my lips. Even now, with the cold rain of early spring, it's beautiful. It's got a dark beauty to it, and a beauty that most people seem to have little taste for. I am tempted to venture out into it, perhaps bringing with me my bow or my dagger. As a small town girl, thus hunting is just a part of my life. I live right on the edge of the woods, and often venture out into it to hunt. I find it tasteless to kill things without a purpose and often shoot only small rodents and vermin that will become food for something else. Any larger game I usually sell to the butcher and the pelts go to various buyers. Despite that, I often will stalk my prey only to let it go. There is something about killing a living creature that gets to me. I continue to look out the window, noting the little motions that signal an animal's presence. I glance at my bow which rests in a case with my dagger, missing the freedom that accompanies the forest. The cool, refreshing crispness in the air, the way the sun and stars seem to shine more brightly, and the way everything feels alive. I turn from the window, knowing that to stare at the outside world will only make me long for it. I tried to live out there once. Two years ago, although I couldn't make it outside of civilization. Without certain amenities, one can get by for a time. But only for so long without proper training and preparing. I don't have the knowledge to survive for more than a month or two and continue to remain healthy. I step away from the window, intending on returning to the warm comfort of my couch. I detour, unable to resist the allure of my bookshelf. I walk towards the large oak shelf, running my fingers along the spines of old books. I pick one up, thumbing through it. A Wrinkle In Time, by Madeleine L'Engle. A classic, and an old favourite of mine. I smile, skimming a random page of the adventures of Meg. I replace the book on the shelf, choosing instead The Great Gatsby by F. Scott Fitzgerald. Book in hand, I wander over to my couch before lying down on it and turning on the small lamp on the stand beside it. I open up to the first page, recalling the way this particular tale captivated me. I hear a knock on the door and look up, wondering who it could be. I stand, laying my book down and walking towards the door. Whomever it is knocks again and I remember that I ordered a pizza. I hurry up and unlock the door before opening it and inviting the delivery girl inside. "Well, it certainly took you long enough," the girl says. I smile at her words, embracing my friend Leah. She, having been the first friend I made in this town and my current best friend, makes the short trip to my house quite often. Sometimes bringing a pizza at the end of her shift for the two of us to enjoy while watching a movie. She returns the hug with one arm, the other holding the pizza. I take the pizza from her and hand her the payment and tip for it. "Sorry, was just lost in thought for a bit. Would you like a slice before you go?" I ask, setting the box down on my table. She shakes her head. "No. Thank you though. By the way, Jared told me to tell you not to worry about the shop tonight. He's got it." She explains and I nod, admittedly somewhat relieved. Jared and I co-own a small bookstore and while I was supposed to close tonight, it seems he is taking my shift. "I wonder what he wants..." I trail off and Leah smiles, knowing that if he is taking my shift by choice he wants something. She shrugs. "Anyways, I have to go. Stay out of trouble, yeah?" She flashes me a teasing smile before turning to leave. "I'll catch ya later Els!" She calls over her shoulder before walking off. I smile at her retreating figure, glad to have her as my friend. She runs to her car and I shut the door behind her, each of us trying to avoiding the rain in our own way. I look back out the window, my thoughts returning to the dreary world. Despite the grim sky, it is still beautiful. A small light catches my eye and I stare, curious. I suspect children as the culprits, as they often play in the edges of the woods. It's odd that they would be playing there in the rain though. The light vanishes and I wonder if perhaps I made it up. I stare intently and notice a small light flash a little further back. I doubt it's any of the kids because they usually don't venture that far from their houses. Unable to contain my curiosity, I grab my dagger and a poncho before heading out into the rain. My dagger is long and I use it for defensive purposes. In case of a bear or worse, I have something close range. It is made of ten inches of stainless steel. The grip and pommel are another six. It's a very large knife and I am competent with it, having learned basic knife play as well as some basic martial arts. I pull the door shut beside me and head around the side of my house and into the woods. I search for the light, hoping that it isn't my neighbor's kid with a flashlight. That wasn't what the glow looked like though, so I am curious as to what it could be. I spot it off to the side and start heading into the woods, following the odd light. It keeps flashing, always a bit ahead of me and I walk faster, wanting to keep up. I see it again and this time it doesn't go away. I walk up to it and see a small ball of light. The rain passes right through it and I stare intently, fascinated. That's when I notice what's behind it. A large mirror stands behind the light, old and antique looking. It's beautiful. I step by the light to look at it. The glass is dark and within it, I can see a figure. It's a woman, around the same height as me. Her hair is like mine, falling just past her shoulders but braided and kept in a ponytail. She is staring at me, her eyes blank and she looks sick. She looks oddly like me and I can't help the shiver that runs down my spine. I try to turn away from the mirror find I can't. I find myself caught and adrenaline begins to pump through my veins. I stare, caught like a rat in a trap and unable to turn away. She beckons me closer and I find myself taking a step towards the mirror, unable to resist the siren call. My fingers touch the cool glass against my will and I feel something shift. My palm is pressed flat against the glass and my muscles lock up, preventing me from getting away. She slowly walks closer on her side of the glass and I start to notice little differences. Her face is more angular and her cheekbones are more prominent. Her hair is a shade lighter than mine and her eyes are more blue than grey. She looks close enough to me to be my sister though-which doesn't stop the dread I feel as she approaches. In fact, it seems to be more pronounced. I try in vain to scream or run, or break contact from the mirror. She only comes closer. I feel an icy hand touch mine as she touches the mirror and suddenly she is pulling me though. I'm aware of screaming, though I'm not sure who it's coming from. I wake with a start, sitting up in a full panic. I'm lying in a soft bed, in a quiet room. The only sound is that of my breathing, which is frenzied and sharp. I take in the room, looking at the carved white bookshelves, the small table in between them, the cedar vanity, the tall dresser and the closed door, preventing me from seeing outside my room. There is a large window off to the side of the room, with lemongrass and strange purple flowers on the ledge. Their name eludes me, and they look unfamiliar. Almost like a rose but with daisy-like petals. Peculiar, but pretty. I sit up, trying to figure out where I am. I feel a bit light headed and use my arms to brace myself so I don't sway. Where am I? What happened to me? I look outside, past the flowers, and am confused. There's a garden, and the tall trees behind it. It's beautiful and nothing like anything I've seen in the town. "Oh! My Lady, you are awake..." I turn, not having heard the door open. It's a woman-slender and beautiful. Her eyes are the colour of honey and her hair is long and straight, a golden blonde that compliments her eyes. There are four braids in her hair, keeping it out of her face while still framing it, and coming together behind her head. Her skin is very fair and her lips are a light shade that matches her light appearance. Her features are refined and smooth. Who is she? "Where am I?" My voice is a bit shaky and I sound weak. "You are in Imladris, my lady." She replies, closing the door behind her and walking towards the dresser. She opens it, retrieving a light blue dress and matching elbow length gloves. From the shoulders falls an elegant draping cloak which appears to be purely aesthetic. The dress looks soft and darker blue swirls decorate the cloak, back, and shoulders of the dress. It's beautiful but it doesn't look much like something you'd find in a town like mine. Then again, I can tell I'm in a very different place from the name. Where have I heard that name before? I struggle to recall. Have I been kidnapped? "May I help you into this, my lady?" She asks. I nod, distracted. I look down, noting that I am wearing only a breast band and underwear. I