Hello dear readers! What I have here for you today is the beginning of a story me and my co-writer, sammywolf19, have been working on for a good few months. The journey fought long and hard while working full time jobs in the mean time. We hope you will enjoy our collaboration as we dive into this adventure through new eyes and where the main plot now becomes more of a sub-plot. Good readings! Chapter 1: Friendship at first sight. I was finally heading to Hogwarts! Being the youngest of three I have been hyped for this moment for all my 11 years! I think I sat at the door of our home for two days waiting on my letter. My cat, Shadow, eventually brought it in…slightly chewed, but I was happy none the less! My parents cracked rare smiles and my sister just rolled her eyes. My brother was super happy for me though. I mean sure there were no doubt I'd get in being pure blood and all, but rare instances did occur where squibs were born even from the oldest of blood lines. I was nervous up until my 11th birthday, wondering if I would get my letter or not. When I did get the letter my brother took me to go buy my things I needed for school. He was the oldest and was attending his last year soon as I go to first years. Our sister was the middle child; she's going to fourth year. A right hag if I ever saw one. Anyway, as we walked through the busy streets of Diagone Ally, kids were buying their school cloths everywhere; I take a look at the first things to get: UNIFORM First-year students will require: 1. Three sets of plain work robes (black) 2. One plain pointed hat (black) for day wear 3. One pair of protective gloves (dragon hide or similar) 4. One winter cloak (black, with silver fastenings) Please note that all pupils' clothes should carry name tags. Hmm, alright easy enough, although I hate shopping for clothes. We entered the shop and they had sets ready. All I had to do was give them my preferred sizes and they quickly gave me my bundle of clothes. My brother chuckled and placed the hat on my head. "Look at my grown up sis," he said and I smiled. I was glad my brother and I had a good relationship. He'd rather spend his off time helping me rather than spend time with his friends. He always said, 'blood before water'. I strongly believe if he weren't here I'd be getting all these things myself. "What's next sis?" he asked and I looked down to the list again. COURSE BOOKS All students should have a copy of each of the following: The Standard Book of Spells (Grade 1) by Miranda Goshawk A History of Magic by Bathilda Bagshot Magical Theory by Adalbert Waffling A Beginner's Guide to Transfiguration by Emeric Switch One Thousand Magical Herbs and Fungi by Phyllida Spore Magical Drafts and Potions by Arsenius Jigger Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them by Newt Scamander The Dark Forces: A Guide to Self-Protection by Quentin Trimble "Ah yes, I remember those." He smiled as he walked us to the book store. Again there were bundles already prepared. I say this is very efficient. We were in and out so fast I was sure we'd be done before lunch, although what was next on the list might take a while. OTHER EQUIPMENT 1 wand 1 cauldron (pewter, standard size 2) 1 set glass or crystal phials 1 telescope 1 set brass scales I was excited to get my wand. A wand says a lot about a witch. As we made our way to the wand maker I saw a kid my age being escorted by this huge guy. I tugged on my brother's sleeve. "Who's that?" I asked him and he looked over. "Oh, that's Hagrid, he must be helping a muggle-born," he explained briefly. Oh yea I was wondering about that. Hmm, she seemed rather interesting. I smiled back to my brother as we entered the shop. It was rather quiet and I frowned looking around. "Okay so everyplace is super busy, why is this basically dead?" I asked and my brother chuckled. "Because these wands are very expensive and the best that is why we're here," he said and this old grey man walked to us with a smile. "Good day, I'm Mr Ollivander how can I help you today?" He asked. "Good day sir, my sister here is entering Hogwarts and we're here for a wand," my brother said, polite as ever. "I can speak for myself Garrus," I pouted and he laughed. "Right you're all grown up now," he smiled. The old man looked to me and smiled. "Always good to meet new witches and wizards, now let's see," he said as she started studying me. "Rather short, I'd say something in the 12 inches line would do," I frowned at him calling me short. I knew I wasn't tall, but he didn't need to remind me. He walked to a ladder and climbed up then swished to the side before grabbing a box. I watched as he made his way back to me. "Try this one, its Black Walnut with unicorn hair and very sturdy," he smiled and I looked up to my brother. He wiggled his eyebrows and smiled. Freak. I took it and gasped as it flung itself from my grasp. The man hummed and made his way to a different row before coming back. "How about dogwood?" He said and when I took it, it slapped me in the face. It went like this for a few more tries. "Alright let's try this one, not plenty get this one," he said and handed me an odd stick looking one. We waited for something to happen but nothing exploded or hit me. "Well then, that would be the Maple wood with dragon heartstrings," he smiled. "Care to explain to my sister what all that means?" Garrus said and the man smiled nodding. "Certainly! Now first of, the wood, as I said it is Maple. They usually pick travellers and explorers; they are not stay-at-home wands, and prefer ambition in their witch or wizard, otherwise their magic grows lacklustre. This is a beautiful and desirable wood, and wand quality maple has been among the most costly for centuries and has long been a mark of status, because of its reputation as the wand of high achievers," he smiled and I brightened. My sister didn't have maple wood. Ha! "Now the core, you have the dragon heartstrings. As a rule, dragon heartstrings produce the most power and are capable of the most flamboyant of spells. They tend to learn more quickly than other types. They bond strongly with the current owner. It is the most prone of the three cores to accidents, being somewhat temperamental," "So basically powerful, but be careful?" I asked and he nodded. I was very happy with my choice. My brother paid and we set out to get the other things on our list. Like I had thought we finished well before lunch. "Want to grab something to eat while we're here?" Garrus asked and I nodded feeling my tummy rumble. I haven't even had breakfast I was so excited! "Can we get butterbeer?" I asked excited and he nodded as we made our way to the nearest tavern, The Leaky Caldron. We sat down and ordered as we watched the goings on from the still bustling shops. Once our food arrived I slurped down half of my drink. "Mm that really is the best drink of all time!" I exclaimed. My brother chuckled and nodded as he drank pumpkin juice. "Garrus, you think I'll be Ravenclaw just like you and Astra?" I asked picking at my chips. "Well I don't see why not. You are very clever," he smiled eating some fish. "What if I don't get into Ravenclaw?" I asked and his smile dropped slightly. "Well, mum and dad would just have to accept, just because you're not in Ravenclaw doesn't mean you're not smart," he said and I nodded. "I know, I just don't want to disappoint them, you know how they got with Percy," I said looking down. He sighed. Percy was our cousin and when his house got chosen the family almost disowned him for going into Hufflepuff. The only thing saving him from being disowned is the fact that he's the smartest one in his year. We finish up before going back home as the streets start getting quieter. With a smile plastered on my face as we enter our home I make my way to the family study room. I was excited to show my parents my wand. "Mother, father I got my wand and I think you would be proud," I said beaming as I presented it to them. They moved their glasses more firmly onto their noses and my father took it from me gently. Mother looked slightly over his shoulder to inspect it herself. "Maple wood, that is very good Scarter," my father said. "What is the core?" My mother asked. Both my sister and brother along with my parents had unicorn hair. "I have the dragon heartstrings," I said slowly, I wasn't sure how they'd feel about that. There were silence for a moment and my heart almost thumped out my chest. "Hmm powerful, coupled with the achieving aspects of the maple, it is a very good wand," Mother said. "We are satisfied," father said and I smiled. "Thank you, now if you would excuse me, I'd like to have a head start on my course books," I said and they gave me my wand back. Once outside the family study I let out a relieved sigh. "How was it?" Garrus asked. "They were satisfied," I said and he smiled. "That is good sis!" He smiled and hugged me. "Yet not proud," we turned to look at our sister. "What?" I asked and she stepped closer. "Satisfied just means satisfied, it doesn't mean their proud," she said. I frowned. "Don't take this away from her Astra," Garrus said standing tall. "What is the difference? Their synonyms aren't they?" I asked holding my wand close. "They mean the same thing, don't they?" I asked looking up to Garrus. I saw his jaw clench. I have never seen him angry. Astra smirked at us. "Proud is when they are happy, satisfied just means 'it will do'," she said and I looked down. "I guess I will go study," I whispered and walked to my room. I could hear Garrus argue with Astra, but I didn't want to hear it. Astra always needed to be the best and I was sick of it. I slowly dragged behind my brother and sister as we made our way through the station to platform 9 ¾. As excited as I was to go to Hogwarts as sad I was that my parents didn't come see me off. Garrus slowed down to match my speed as Astra met up with her friends. "Hey sis, what's the matter?" He asked and I sighed. "Why didn't mother and father come with?" I asked and he sighed. "Well, father has duelling practice to get to and mother has Quidditch practice," he said and I nodded. "I guess that is reasonable," I whispered and we stopped at the platform. "Well I guess I will see you on the other side sis," he smiled before giving a slight jog into the pillar. He disappeared without a sound. Astra's friends then went one after the other. As Astra was about to go the girl I saw at Diagone Ally stopped close to us. "Where did they disappear to? Could it have been platform 9¾? And if so can you show me how to get there as