A/N: Hey everyone! I have read the Hunger Games (and I WOULD have read Catching Fire if my brother stopped lending the book to people!) and I saw the movie and it was fantastic! The movie did a great job of capturing the emotion of the characters and I loved what they did showing other parts in the Capitol. What I loved the most was the characters, so I thought I could throw them all into a story where I can dive deeper into their individual characters, and pick them apart... HIGH SCHOOL! Hope you all like it! It's going to be MAINLY Cato/OC, Katniss/Peeta, Marvel/Glimmer, Thresh/Foxface and other pairings are possible. Full Summary: Cato McKnight is the resident bad boy at Panem Academy. He and the 'Careers' rule the school, without any opposition. They pick on the lower Districts, with no remorse, taking special interest in making Katniss Everdeen, Peeta Mellark, Gale Hawthorne, and River Hawthornes' lives living hells. In their minds, they are nothing but dirt. But when Ms. Trinket calls the names of the students that are going to be Reaped into the Hunger Games, the tributes are going to have to work together to represent their school and everything that the students think they know about each other is going to be thrown out the window! Cato get's to see life from a different perspective, and realizes some things about himself. Drama, heartbreak, and fights are bound to ensue! Not to mention the fact that someone has started to take the Hunger Games, a friendly competition between schools, too far... who will survive? Disclaimer: I don't own Hunger Games; that belongs to the amazing Suzanne Collins. Panem High Chapter 1: The Reaping It was first period on a sunny Monday morning at Panem High, but the weather was doing little to lighten the mood of the students. Everyone was off in their individual cliques, talking amongst themselves, and hoping not to start a fight in the middle of the classroom. The last time it happened Ms. Trinket nearly had a heart attack. Katniss Everdeen was sitting near the front of the classroom next to some of her best friends, Peeta Mellark, Gale Hawthorne, and River Hawthorne. She had known the Hawthorne siblings since she was young seeing as the two families lived next door to each other, and they had all became fast friends. Truthfully she had become friends with the tiny brunette, brown eyed, girl first, before even meeting Gale. When she did meet him however, she immediately had a respect for him since he had taught her to hunt. As for the other member of their quartet, she hadn't really known Peeta all that well until one day, when her family was struggling to make ends meet, he had shown up at her door with a basket of freshly baked bread. Peeta had shown up at school the next day with a large bruise on his face, but he was still more concerned with Katniss then himself. From there the two became best friends, always looking out for one another. Just behind them was Thresh, a large African American man who normally kept to himself or his younger sister, Rue. Next to him was Foxface. No one knew what her actual name was, she hated it so much she made sure that all of her teachers had it changed on their attendance roster to say Foxface, a nickname she had gotten during her first year of high school after. She, like Thresh, kept mostly to herself. At the other end of the classroom, trying to get River's attention was Kane Springer. Kane was River's on again off again boyfriend for a few months now. He had brown hair and green eyes, and was just a bit taller than Peeta. He was a sly and smooth talking boy. Gale completely hated Kane, and Katniss and Peeta had a strong dislike for the boy as well. The reason why Kane was hated by the District 12 trio was mostly because he had broken River's heart more than once, and he had managed to sweet talk his way back into her good graces each and every time it happened. Gale had tried more than once to forcibly pull them apart (he'd even gone as far as bribing his younger sister) with little success. And at the back of the classroom were the resident Careers: Cato McKnight, Clove McKnight, Marvel Hanson, and Glimmer Landsdown. The Careers were those students who were put into Districts 1 or 2. The Districts were a way to put the students into categories to make it easier on the teaching staff, to have specified teams during Spirit Week, and to cause tensions between the students. Of course, the last reason wasn't what the teachers had been looking for when they issued the District distinctions, but that's just what happened. The lower your District number was, then the better you were treated in school. Districts 1 and 2 were worshipped, while Districts 11 and 12 were treated like dirt. That was largely because those in the lower Districts got into their Districts because their families were rich and bought their way in. Everyone else was randomized. Marvel and Glimmer, the most popular couple in the entire school, were both District 1 while Cato and his younger sister Clove were put in District 2. Foxface and Kane were in District 5, Thresh and his sister Rue were in District 11, Katniss, Peeta, Gale, and Prim were in District 12, and River was in District 7. Marvel was one of the most popular boys in the school. Out of all the District 1 boys his parents were the second wealthiest in the school. He was the star quarterback of the football team and a fairly good student. He had a certain charm about him that made everyone love him, even if he was making fun of that person. He had charisma, charm, athletic ability, and good looks. It was no wonder that he was so loved and respected. Glimmer complimented Marvel nicely. As the most popular girl in school, a blonde haired beauty, and head cheerleader, she had it all. Her parents, like Marvel's, were incredibly wealthy, and that allowed her to get all the latest clothes, shoes, cars, everything new and in style. She had a bit of a passive aggressive style, and would not hesitate to rip into someone. That got most of the girls to fear and respect her, while some downright hated her. Clove was a very respected junior in high school. She was a starter on the schools soccer team, and field hockey team, and she was ruthless on the field. There was never a game when her white uniform was completely green or black with grass or mud—occasionally red with blood. She was also one of the smartest students in the school, second only to River. She was Glimmer's best friend, and tended to just go along on whatever shopping trips her blonde companion had planned, and also went along with whatever her brother had done. And speaking of Cato, he was the most popular and sought after boy in school. He was the wide receiver of the football team, working with Marvel to create the 'Dominating Duo' as some had started calling them. Not only did he play football, but he had also taken to mixed martial arts and ice hockey. He had a body and looks to die for, and the fact that he was still single made nearly every girl in the school throw themselves at him. They didn't seem to care that Cato was a complete ass and tended to pick on anyone and everyone with the exception of those in Districts 1 and 2. "God, I hate those Careers," Gale glowered as he looked over and saw the four Careers talking about some story to the other students in the class, who seemed mystified. "They're such stuck up assholes." He then noticed that Kane was trying to get his sister's attention and frowned. "Oh look, another asshole I hate." Gale winced as his sister hit his arm with a glare leveled his way. "They can't help it when they're born with a silver spoon in their mouths," Katniss added on, a bit loudly. "You have something to say, Katpiss?" Glimmer hissed as she glared at the girl. Everyone around the Careers all 'ooh-ed' as if to make Glimmer's comment sound even more insulting. "I've got plenty to say, but nothing you'd want to hear," Katniss retorted. Marvel smirked. "Now, now, Miss Everdeen, you should think twice before talking to us like that." "Or what?" Gale challenged. "You're going to get your daddy to buy people to beat us up?" Peeta hit Gale's arm lightly to get his attention. "Not worth it, dude." "He dad doesn't need to buy anyone. I take the pleasure of beating up the worthless trash that crosses us," Cato retorted. "Who you calling trash, you spoiled, pampered, trust fund baby?" Gale glared. Cato was up on his feet within a second, heading straight for Gale, his hands clenched into fists. Gale was ready to get up and go a few rounds with the blonde bruiser, but the glare and determination on his face melted away when he saw his sister get up and stand in front of Cato, her hands up in a calming gesture. "Hey, let's just all calm down here, okay?" Cato's charge towards Gale was halted. Everyone in Panem High knew that Cato McKnight, for all his talk, didn't hit girls. "Alright, everyone settle down! Come, come, now children in your seats!" Ms. Trinket spoke up as she entered the room. She put her bag onto her desk and started writing on the white board. "Next time your sister won't be there to save you," Cato hissed, before he went to go take his seat. River sat down beside her brother, only to have him slap her arm lightly. "I could've handled myself," Gale spoke up, clearly upset. "I don't need my sister—my little sister—fighting my battles for me. And I don't want you getting hurt for getting in the middle of something stupid like that." "I wasn't doing anything," River pouted. Peeta nodded in agreement. "True. She was just diffusing the situation." "I say Gale should've gone a few rounds with Cato. It would be amusing for sure," Katniss said a smirk on her face. Gale grinned and Peeta and River both sighed. "You guys have anger issues," Peeta accused, shaking his head. Ms. Trinket clapped her hands to gather everyone's attention. "Alright class! As you all may know, today is a very special day! Today is the Reaping!" She paused as some of the students cheered and some groaned. "Yes, I know it's a very exciting time for all of you, but we'll be doing the Reaping today just before lunch, so you'll all have to wait! For now, we will get to study some Ancient Greek culture!" "Reaping?" River asked in confusion. "How do you not know what a Reaping is?" Peeta asked, shocked that the girl didn't know. Katniss rolled her eyes. "Peeta, River went to Capitol Academy for the past two years remember? She transferred here at the end of the school year last year so she could be with Gale after what happened. She probably doesn't even know what the Hunger Games are." "Hunger Games?" "See?" Peeta nodded and grinned sheepishly. "My bad." "Really? Anyone up for answering my question?" Gale laughed at his sisters' confusion and soon covered it up as a cough, noting the glare Ms. Trinket had sent his way. The four of them pretended to take notes and pay attention for a few minutes before Gale started whispering to his sister, taking care to look up on occasion and scribble random letters on his notes. "The Hunger Games are a yearly competition that the three local schools take