Hi Everyone... Well, long time, no see! I'm sorry that I've been so absent from my writing but I've had the worst case of writers block and in my efforts to keep going with characters that don't want to talk in Achilles, I've found my drive to write, waning... So in an effort to 'get back into it', I thought I'd completely separate myself from what I usually write and enter a little competition... I entered the Non-Canon Awards; Twisted Fairy Tales with this little one-shot... It received 2nd in Voters Choice, 2nd in Shocking Twist, 3rd in Supporting Character, 2nd in Fairytale Use & 2nd in Unusual pairing. On Fanfiction though, it received the highest favourite count of 20! :-) So, have a read and I hope you like it. Let me know what you think... Disclaimer: No infringement intended. Characters will always belong to SM... I'm just having a little fun with them! =x= Sleep My Beauty =x= Queen Renee smiled down at her beautiful daughter she held in her arms as she listened to her husband, King Charles organise the date of the princess' christening. "Don't forget to invite all of the fairies, husband, they wish to bless our daughter." "Of course my dear, once written out, I'll give them to you to make sure I haven't missed anyone." The queen smiled at her husband before looking down once more to her daughter. "You are so beautiful… the most beautiful babe ever to be born." Hearing this, the king looked over to his wife. "The other day I was walking through the bazaar meeting some of the townsfolk and a traveler got my attention. He told me that he'd heard of the people talking about how beautiful our daughter is. When I said that yes, she indeed was beautiful, he nodded and said, 'Bella'. I asked him what it meant and he said that the word 'bella' meant beautiful in his country." "Bella…" the queen sighed, "It's perfect, husband." =x= On the day of the christening, the whole town seemed to make their way in and around the castle's chapel in hopes of seeing the new princess christened. The fairies and pixies of the surrounding woods flew in through the windows and fluttered around the royal family. They each smiled as they passed the small babe and went to wait patiently for the ceremony to begin. "I waited for my invitation," said a voice in front of the queen. "… but it never came." "Oh, Rosaline, I'm so sorry… I was sure your invitation was there." The queen said. Rosaline smiled with a slow nod before flying away, but she knew she'd been forgotten and that was something that had never happened to her before. As the Queen of all Fae, she was much larger than normal fairies and pixies and she had always been the most beautiful of all creatures in the entire kingdom but looking at the new princess, she could easily see that she would grow into a beautiful woman and that just wouldn't do. She was also not about to let her being snubbed from the christening go unpunished, she was going to have her revenge… and she knew just how to get it. After the ceremony was complete and Princess Bella was named to the masses, the fairies and pixies flew past the babe one by one, giving out their blessings… When Rosaline passed however, she looked down at Bella and scowled. She gently trailed a fingertip down the baby's cheek and whispered, "When you are seventeen, you will be injured and die!" "Oh, no!" The queen cried, "Why Rosaline, why?" "You forgot me, like I was nothing… but I am not… I am the most beautiful, not she. She will never be more beautiful than I and she will die before having a chance to really live." But as Rosaline spoke, a little dark haired pixie fairy named Alice, snuck over undetected, quickly chanting a magic spell that would change the curse that Rosaline had just put onto Bella. Though cursed to die because of jealousy and pride You will sleep instead In all hearts and minds There you will lie Till the kiss of true love finds Rosaline, not hearing that her curse had been changed, laughed as she left the chapel. But hearing the people speak of her and what she'd just done brought her great enjoyment. "No-one will ever forget me now." As the years passed, the king and queen watched with heavy hearts as their only daughter grew. They smiled at every new milestone reached, laughed at all the funny things she did but at night… once she slept, Charles and Renee would watch over her and know they were one day closer to losing her. At every turn, people gushed at her beauty, proclaiming her as the most stunning girl ever born, and they were right. On occasion, Renee would see Rosaline watching Bella but she would cut her eyes to the queen and smile before flying away. When Bella was just five years of age, she came across a spindle while walking the streets of Forkstone with her parents. She saw a peasant woman spinning the wool into a ball. "Mother, what is that woman doing? I want to see…" Renee glanced in the direction her daughter was pulling her only to gasp in fright of what she was seeing… Fear pulled at her heart and she reached down to grab up her child. As Bella had grown, the castle had been cleared of everything sharp or dangerous; nothing was left to chance… "You must never touch that, Bella… never! In fact, you are never to go near one. They are very dangerous, very sharp; promise me child, promise me…" "Okay mother." Bella whispered. After Queen Renee told her husband that she wished to return to the castle, Bella's eye continued to watch the woman working her spindle in complete fascination but that would be last time she would see such a contraption. As the princess grew, she often looked out of her parlour windows and watched the people below go about their lives… She would wish that she could go down there and talk to the many stall holders and see their wares up close. She often played a game as she watched them; she'd speak aloud a conversation she thought the people were having she watched, often finding herself laughing at her silly thoughts. There were times that she'd feel as if she was the one being watched but as her eyes roamed over the masses she never saw any of them look up. Just once, she'd like for someone to look up… For nearly the whole of Princess Bella's seventeenth year, the King and Queen hovered over their daughter to ensure that she didn't hurt herself. Three weeks before Bella was to see in her eighteenth year, a letter arrived for King Charles. "What is it my love?" The Queen asked. "We are to expect a visitor in three days, a Prince James of Volterra; he is wanting to speak of important matters." "Volterra? Isn't that King Aro's domain? What could he possibly wish to talk of?" "Yes, Prince James is Aro's son and if I had to guess, I would say he's come to talk of a union between our two families." Although Queen Renee wasn't too happy about the news, she knew that this day would come. Renee had been lucky as a princess and had known her husband for many years before they were wed. They'd fallen in love early and were eager to start their lives together. She'd hoped that her daughter would get the same chance but that had not been the case. With the threat of her early demise hanging over their daughters head, the royal couple had been overly protective of Bella and she'd been sheltered; especially in the last year. "I'll inform our daughter of the possibility in the morning; it's only fair that she be forewarned." King Charles nodded slowly as he looked to the parchment in his hands. "I only hope that this Prince James is a better man than his father." At his words, Queen Renee felt a sense of dread fall over her. =x= When Queen Renee told her daughter of the upcoming visit of Prince James and what she and the king thought the reason of his visit would be about, Bella was unsure what to think. She'd known that one day a suitor would come calling but she thought she'd be a little older and also have the chance to get to know the man first. It seemed that this wouldn't be the case after all. A few days later as the royal family held court, they awaited the arrival of the visiting prince. Word had reached the King that Prince James had arrived and was currently being shown to the throne room and Bella felt more nervous than she could ever remember. The doors opened and the soft murmuring quickly died down as everyone around them turned to see who was entering. "Your Royal Highness, may I present, Prince James of Volterra." The Court Herald called out, announcing the visitor. The man who walked forward was not who Bella had pictured in her mind. Prince James was everything she'd imagined a prince should look like… soft, shiny blonde hair, immaculately presented in the finest black silk clothing and shoes that shined within an inch of their lives… but he must have been twice Bella's age. Bella dropped her eyes to the floor before subtly turning to look at her mother. Queen Renee's eyes were slightly wider than normal and Bella could clearly see shock on her face but that was quickly hidden before she turned to look at her daughter, obviously she didn't know the Prince's age either. "King Charles, it is a pleasure to finally meet you. Thank you for your granting me your time." The prince lowered his eyes and head in a bow of respect. "Queen Renee, I see that the tales of your beauty are well founded." "Why, thank you kind sir." Renee replied politely. She was unsure why, but the man in front of her made her feel extremely uneasy. Then James turned to look upon her daughter. "Princess…" James said before lowering he head. As much as he tried to hide it, Bella didn't miss the way his eyes raked down her body; she had to stop herself from moving to hide behind her father's throne. She did manage to nod her head back in greet though. After the introductions, Bella's father stood and made his way down the dais to stand in front of the younger man. At first, Charles was surprised at his age but then remembered just how much time had indeed passed since hearing of his birth. "I hope your father is in good health, it has been many years since I've seen him." "Yes, my father is indeed in good health, thank you; he sends his regards. Is there anywhere that we may speak in private, your majesty?" "Yes, of course, follow me." Bella watched at the two men walked off to the door that lead to the eating parlour at the rear of the throne room. When she felt the soft touch of her mother's hand on her shoulder, she turned. "He's much older than I expected mother." "Yes, for some reason, I thought he was younger as well. Come my darling, we do not know of what the prince wishes to speak of, it may not be what we think." Bella could only hope that her mother was right. When she'd thought of what her husband might look like in the last few years, Prince James was not the image that popped up in her mind. The queen and princess walked out of the throne room flanked by the royal guards and the many