Hi Everyone. Here is a little story that I wrote for a contest a few months ago. Today I found out that it won 1st place Story - Judge's vote and 1st place Story - Public Vote. I hope you enjoy it. Fanatic Fanfics Picture It Contest Title - Just To See You Smile Penname - Kessafan Beta/prereader - SassyNoles Warnings - None -x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x- Summary – Sun, sand and surf, that's what is meant to be found at the beach, not sadness. One day a man sets himself a mission, to make a beautiful woman smile in a place that brought him peace. -x-x-x-x-x- Every day for two weeks, I've watched you slowly stroll down the beach towards my home. Every day, I've wondered what's caused so much sadness in your life that I could see it on your face so clearly from such a distance. You're much too beautiful to have something weigh you down. I wanted so much to just… be there in your path at just the right time and strike up a conversation but I never did. Each day when I could see no improvement in your mood, the impulse to do something for you got stronger and stronger, so here I am… walking down to the shoreline, ten minutes before you're due to start your walk, yeah, I've realised you walk at the same time each day. I look to my left, just to make sure you're not there yet and dig into the pocket of my Chino's. I glance down to the small shell in my hand and smile. I doubt anything like this would normally wash up on the beach, I'm hoping you won't notice. It's something I found in the little knick-knack shop in town yesterday. I think you'll like it; it's very girly. With one final look in the direction you'll come from, I bend down and leave the shell there for you. -x- I walk a little way away, not too far as I don't want some snot nosed little kid coming along to ruin my surprise and then I wait. When I see you in the distance, I can't help but smile. The closer you get, the more I walk back to my house; I don't want you to see it was me… I only hope that you walk all the way up here. You usually do but it would be just my luck that you'd turn around before reaching my surprise. I see the moment when your eyes catch the glint of light that shines off the pearly colored cone shell. Your pace speeds up and then you bend down to pick it up. I'm laying down on my recliner deck chair and watch for your reaction and when it happens, I breathe a little easier. When I see you smile for the first time, well…it's breathtaking, just like the rest of you. I want to see it more often. So, I make a plan that each day you'll get a different shell. I quickly close my eyes and feign sleep when you look up and around. I'm not sure if you're wondering if someone put it there on purpose of if you just want to take it but not sure if you should. I crack my eyes open just a smidge so I can see you and then I have to do everything in my power to stop from laughing at your expression. You're the kid caught with her hand in the cookie jar that everyone talks about. When you're far enough away, I get up and walk back into the house. With a smile, I grab my wallet and my keys and head out. I have lots of shells to buy. -x- Today's shell is this little white swirly one that I found out was called a Tibia shell. It's not overly big or flashy but while I was shopping yesterday, I saw three different women pick it up first out of all the other types of shells. Again I watch as you walk along seemingly in deep thought and I almost think you're going to walk right on by but at the last second, you see it and pick it up. Again you smile and if I'm not mistaken, it's a little bigger than the one you did yesterday. You stand there by the water for a while touching the smoothness of the shell and I stand at my kitchen window and take you in… You're stunning in your blue bikini top and matching swim shorts. Your hair is down today; it's not something you normally do on your walks, it's normally up high in a ponytail or a messy knot. You look slightly younger with your hair down and suddenly I'm wondering just how old you really are. If I had to guess, I'd say twenty-two, maybe twenty-four… Your tanned legs look long even though you're only tiny and the little gold toe rings on your right foot make me wonder if you're a 'free spirit' kind of person or just someone who loves jewellery enough to wear it on your feet too. There's so much I'd like to know about you. Instead of continuing up the beach, you turn to face the water and a few minutes later I see you take a deep breath before looking at the shell you still hold in your hands. I wish I knew what was going on in your head. =x= I've searched a lot of sites on the internet lately; I wanted to know just what each shell I'm going to leave you is… The one I'm going to leave today is called a Moon Shell; it's like a huge snail shell. There's nothing overly nice about it other than its size, it's the biggest one of its kind I could find in the shop although not the biggest shell I bought for you. I'm wondering when you'll start to realise that someone is in fact leaving these for you or even if you realise you're finding them in the same spot each day. I've been working this morning and when I leave the study I see that I've got just over half an hour before you're due to start your walk so I go to the fridge to make myself a quick sandwich. Once that's done, I walk out to the deck to eat it in the sun and stop dead in my tracks… you're there. I look at my watch again and see you're early today and I feel terrible. I want to make you smile every day and now I can't. When you walk away to continue up to the jetty, I debate if I should put the shell out there now or not… You'll know it wasn't there before if I do, but I can't help myself. I run back inside and pick up the shell I picked out and then walk down onto the soft sand. Instead of going directly to the spot I normally leave the shells in, I walk over to stand in front of my neighbours place to watch you, I need to know you're not going to see me do this. When I'm sure you're far enough away, I go and place the shell down on the compact sand, just out of reach of the waves. On my way back up to the house, I look up to see my neighbour leaning against the post of his rear porch. "What are you up to Edward?" He asks me with a smile. "Nothing, why do you ask?" "That's three days in a row I've seen you do that. You know it would be easier to just go and talk to her, right." I know he's probably right, but I don't think you're ready for anything more just yet. "I just want to brighten her day, Jasper, not intrude in her life." His grin widens before he takes a drink of the fresh lemonade his wife has made; I should know it's fresh, I've had it before and it's delicious. "How many more shells do you have, Edward?" He says with a laugh. "A few… go back inside you nosey parker!" I can't help but grin when he barks out a laugh. "Nah, I think I'll watch what happens next." I walk off shaking my head and go back inside, hopefully it won't be long before you come back. When I hear Jasper yelling out, I walk back to the rear of the house and look out the window, two kids have found the shell… I'm out on my deck when I see Jasper already running down to them, he places his hands on the young boy's shoulders and is telling them something… I have an idea what he's saying. As I take a few steps onto the sand, I look to my right to see if you're on your way back… you are but your head is down as you walk. When I look back at the sand in front of me, the shell is back where I put it, the boys have run off and Jasper is making his way into the ocean. A question pops into my mind. Do I stay out here in the open and hope that you strike up a conversation, or do I go back inside and keep putting shells out for you to find every day and hope that one day soon you'll come looking for the person who makes you smile when you're feeling sad? -x- You loved the Moon Shell. I could tell… Your smile was bigger than I'd ever seen before. I also think you're onto me… I've never seen you bite your lip like that before. Day four's shell is a normal, everyday cockle shell… well, sort of. The one I leave for you is a bit unique in a way, just like you. Its colors are rich oranges, yellows, browns and deep reds, it's also larger than you would normally find washed up on the beach. But what is unusual about it is the fact that it still has its two shells joined. It's a beautiful shell. Your smile never leaves your beautiful face as you walk away and I feel lighter than I have in weeks. It makes me feel good to help in such a small way. Day five is not good. It's overcast and much cooler than it has been in a long time, I'm afraid you may not come today but I'm not going to let that stop me from putting out today's shell. Except it does. When 3pm rolls around, the sky is crying in huge, gut wrenching sobs. Rain falls in sheets, pelting against the sand and my house; I can barely see the waves as they roll in. My mood matches the weather now I know I won't get to see you today so I sit by my empty fireplace as the TV drones on in front of me and I think about how you are doing this day. I miss your smile. -x- Day six, I wake up to sunny skies again and I breathe out a sigh of relief. I only hope that you will still be taking your daily walk. It's only right that you should consider the fact that you missed out on it yesterday. All day I'm a jittery mess. I desperately want to know if you'll show up but I know that there is no way I can know that until the moment I see you. As 3pm comes once more, I walk out of the house with the shell you would already have had the sky not opened up yesterday. I walk out onto my deck and take a deep breath. "Shame about yesterday, isn't it, Edward." Jasper yells out. I smile before I turn to face him. I'm not shocked to see his wife sitting beside him with a matching