BPOV "Bella we have to go now." Carisle said to me. "I'm coming." He smiled at me then left the room. This was our last mission home. I was gonna miss this place. Only considering the next place to were we are going. We right now were located in Arizona. Now we are going to a small town named Forks in Washington. It is suppose to be extremely rainy. Not looking forward to that. By the way I'm Bella Sw-Cullen. Esme and Carisle adopted me. After my parents died. We are secret agents. I know I know I'm lying I am crazy. Yes yes I know, but it is the truth. My parents were agents. That's how they died. While they were agents I was still in training and stuff like that. I was only 13 when they died. I was in my classes at this school for agents in training. I know it's so werid but just keep up with me here. Carisle and Esme worked with my parents. They were really close with them. My parents were extremly young when they had me. Only 17. My dad was 18. They were in there early thirties when they died. Esme and Carisle are a little younger than them when they had died. Now Carisle and Esme are 30 and 32. I am 17 now. I started to work as a secret agent last year. I will become an offical agent when I turn 18. After their death, I did nothing else but study. I remember them so clearly. They were so young and in love. I never did believe in love. To me it never existed. My mother said that she thought the same thing, but said that my father was her only exception to the meaning of love. I loved that about them. They were perfect for each other. Always balancing each other out. My mother was out going and jumpy, and my dad was always quiet and content. Whenever my mom needed to be calmed down, my dad was always there. And when ever dad needed a little push my mom would easliy obliged. I miss them a lot, but I never think about them. Not until I am in my room and asleep. "Dear? Do you have all of you things that you need?" Esme asked once we were on the private jet to Forks. I smiled at her, and nodded. Around them I barely ever talked. I know that they meant well for me, but no one could ever replace my parents. They never pressured me to say too much. They really did care about me. I have known them for my whole life. I never didn't trust them. I loved them and I did tell them that, and they tell me that they love me. Just not all the time. Esme smiled at me kindly. She truley had a mothers face. She had light hazel brown eyes that had tints of blue in it, honey blonde hair, and was about 5'6. She had a slim body, but she had a beautiful body. She was very elegant. Right now she was wearing a simple black dress, and had black heels on. Her hair was pulled back into a tight bun. Carisle was handsome too. He had beautiful blonde hair. Like the knight and shining armers hair. Yeah that hair. He had blue eyes, that sparlked when you least expected it. He was about 6'3, and he was muscular. At the moment he was wearing black pants and a black turtle neck sweater that effsized his chest muscles. I know it is gross that I am noticing this about nmy so called 'father' but when you go to a spy school, you are taught to notice everything. Me compared to them, I am completely ordinary. I have almost black hair. It is a lighter color. I have extremely pale sking, like them, and I have brown eyes. I am extremely skinny, and I am 5'4. I am wearing a black dress and leggings under them and i have black boots on. We looked like a depressed family. But this was only for now. We were going to be changing in a few minutes. In fact Esme just went to go change into her 'disguise' or our so called new appearance that we had to keep up. Carisle was pretending to be a doctor. he joked arounded and said, "Good thing i have my medical degree, or else Forks is going to become a sickly place". He was attempting to get me to laugh. But I havent laughed since I last saw my parents. Esme came out and she was wearing a green swearter that emphasized her eyes, and jeans and a pair of green heels. She was wearing her hair down that came to her shoulders and a silver necklace, that really had a hidden camera in it. We weren't going to find out whom we were protecting or whom we were stopping yet. Carilse came out and was wearing tan pants brown dress shoes and a blue sweater, and had a clip on his shirt that no one would have noticed because no one would have paid attention to it, but really it was a recorder. I went into the bathroom next. I had grabbed my small bag that I had brought with me. That was all I had. A small bag. We never brought much with us. We always burned the evidence of that we were there. These weere the only things that we were allowed to keep. I went into the bathroom and saw my outfit for which I was suppose to wear. It was a white light shirt that was short sleeved, and a blue jacket that was light but was warm enough to keep me warm not that I would have noticed. I had jeans and I had sneakers with dark blue lines on them. I had a blue necklace on that I always had since I started as an agent. I let my hair down. I came to the middle of my back. I looked up on the shelf and saw the cell phone that they had for us. It was bugged our anything. It was just so that we could keep in touch. They weren't from the agency. They don't provide us with that stuff. No the cellphones were from Carisle and Esme. When you are an agent, you are quit rich. My cell phone was blue, and a touch screen. My favorite. it also had a keybnoard. I walked out of the bathrrom and sat with my cell in hand. It was on complete silence. Not vibration or anything. As I sat down I recieved a text from Esme. She already had her number in the phone. Of course. so? do you like the phone? i know touch screen is your favorite :) -M I looked up at her, and meet her eyes and smiled. She smiled back. I typed back. Yes! I love it. It is a nice color too. It matches my jacket. -D I knew that she would love to notice that she color coordianated my phone and my outfit. Whenever we would sign the texts we would put M' for 'mom' and 'd' for daughter. It was her idea. I liked to make them happy, so I just went along with it. I liked seeing Esme smile. It was always so pretty. Haha. Yes i am glad you noticed! Carisle is being cranky and won't answer my text. He is such a baby. :P heehee. -M I laughed on the inside. I only laughed really when I didn't know it was coming. When I didn't know my laughter was there, I would just burst out laughing. Haha! I bet that he will text me this time. -D Esme now came and sat next to me, so that Carisle wouldn't get suspious of what we were up to. Your so on! You will never get him to answer! if he won't answer me :) lol you get him to answer and you can pick the movie tonight -M I rolled my eyes. Oh she is soooo on. Is his number in my phone? -D Yes it is, I added it myself -M I smiled at her when she looked at me. Watch and learn -D I looked for Carisle number in my phone I found it and sent him a text. Hi daddy! -B I may not show much affection out loud, but when I do it always works and they can never resist. To Carisle I was his little princess. I loved making him fall for things. We really were like a family. Even though I am mostly quiet, it is mostly only when we are on the move at times. It always reminds me when they left. Hey princess how are you feeeling? -D I smiled smugly and forwarded the message to Esme. She gasped and said, "Hey! No fair! You pulled the daddy card didn't you?" I was laughing now out loud so hard. It was a good laugh that they heard me use a while ago but it was my laugh in a way. I looked at Esme, and said, " I have no idea to what you are talking about." Carisle was looking at us rolling his eyes. He always new when we were up to somthing. I texted carisle Thank daddy! Your the best! -B We always did this, to see if he would answer to any of us. It was my turn to win. But Esme never new that we made this. She always thought that is was luck that he would always pick the other one every other time. No problem princess anytime. Just keep it a secret haha. Don't want Esme to know that it is all a sherade.-D I giggled out loud for them. They loved to hear it. yeah haha that wouldn't end well...for you! =] -B He laughed and looked up at me. I smiled. I was starting to get out of my funk of a mood. Man I truley loved them. They knew how to get me out of my depression. We landed in Forks, and were given umbrellas so that we wouldn't get wet. It was raining cats and dogs outside. We all went into the limo that had awaited for us. As we drove to the car place we were told our mission. We were protecting the family called Masen. We were there cousins supposeably was our cover story. They knew that we were coming and the adults in the family knew what we are. The children of the family think that we are really there cousins. We would be staying in the house next to theres. "Now these are the pictures of the children. Your jobds are to protect the family and we have others looking for the one whom is after them. Here is a picture of the man so that you are on alter of his appearance." said the commander. I loooked at the pictures. Supposeably I have three cousins. One named Alice. She looked like a little kid but she was my age. She had short brown hair, it almost was my color but hers had tints of red sort of in it. She had green eyes. There are two that are my age and the other one is a year older than me. The one older then me is Emmet he is a giant. He had thick biceps and had green eyes too, he had curly black hair. He looked like a bear. Ha! And I am protecting HIM. I love my job. The other boy was Edward. He had like a redish brown hair color. He had the same green eyes as his brother and sister. He didn't have big muscles but he did have muscles. All of them were beautiful. We arrived to