A World Not Worth Fighting For. Summary: Harry having been quickly disillusioned about the Wizarding World, decides to leave it, with a message delivered by the Daily Prophet. [edit:4/08/2017] [Edit:8/09/2017] I do not own Harry Potter. Enjoy! Albus Dumbledore, smiled as he walked through the great hall, the sight of a thousand or so, children stuffing their faces at breakfast, always put a smile on his face. If only, the drums of war, weren't knocking on his doorstep... He wondered how many of these children, would live to be twenty with Voldemort being back? After living through two wars, Albus Dumbledore was no mean's a sane man, he was still hunted by the horror's he had witnessed, in both war's, and for a time, he was torn between protecting the children or being the Leader of Light. But he know, he couldn't do both, so he chose to be a leader, only for this to have disastrous consequences which lead to the creation of Lord Voldemort. He had been crushed. A student of his had turned into a monster right under his nose's, and he had ignored the signs until the blood of the innocence's, laid down at his feet. What Tom lacked in experience, he made up in charisma, brain's and youth, Albus was not as young as he used to be and his body was showing it. Tom Riddle had pretty much won, and they all know he was fighting a losing battle. And that's when he heard it. A glorious prophecy. A prophecy that gave him the hope, hope, that he needed when times were looking dark. At first, he had, the best intentions in heart, offering to help the Potter's hide, with their unborn baby but when he found out, Voldemort had found them and little Harry Potter, had done, what, not even he could do, his War-torn side took over. Instead of seeing a child that had just lost his parents and wasn't even one yet, he saw a new powerful weapon, that would take over from him when he was gone, there to defeat other Dark Lord's that may pop up. It didn't matter to him, what the child actually wanted, those with power were destined to fight each other, so he sent the child to his magic hating relative's, knowing they would give him, the harsh upbringing that seemed to follow those born with extraordinary power. Seeing the child once again at Hogwarts's, made him begin phase two, fully aware that his teaching staff was incompetent. This would force Harry to seek help outside the classroom... but Harry couldn't learn too much, that's what Hermione and Ron were for. He throw, test after test at the boy, grooming him to be his perfect weapon, but never could he have imagined the explosion when he finally explained the prophecy to the child. He had instructed the boy's 'friends' to watch over him and make sure he calmed down because he was sure, it would all blow over, eventually. But he had to frown when he didn't see, what quickly became known as the 'Golden Three' at the Gryffindor table in the morning. Albus, sat down, in his high chair at the teacher's table and was convinced that the three, would come within minutes to join everybody, so in the meantime, he set his sights on the owl's, flying through the window, to deliver the morning, Daily Prophet. And yes, he know, what most of what the Prophet wrote, was actually garbage but in times of war, the paper was once well respected and could get secret message's out, that the Dark Lord supporter couldn't get to. He never really grow out of that. He watched as each bird went to their subscriber and dropped the latest issue right in front of them, but at the sight of the morning's front cover, many let out gasp's, drawing attention from those around them. More papers were delivered and more shocked and horrified look's appeared. His paper came and on both sides, he could see many of his teacher's looking at their own, to see what the fuss was about, before letting shock looks appear on their face's as they took in the title. It was at that moment, Hermione and Ron walked in, without Harry. The front Page read... A World Not Worth Fighting For- By Harry James Potter (Ex-Boy-Who Lived) Albus, eyes stopped twinkling from the shock, realizing what he was reading. I'm sure, a lot of you are surprised to see me write in this Newspaper, when it's a known fact that the Daily Prophet loves to slander me, and has reaped the rewards, without consequences. Well, you'll be surprised to hear, that they were all singing a very different tune when I showed them the Law Suit I filed against them, so now this paper, can only print's the truth... so if you were expecting to read a Rita Skeeter column, you're out of luck, she is no longer working for the Daily Prophet. Now, onto, why I'm writing. I want you all to know, that I'm leaving the British Wizarding World. Many people are under the impression, from the many Authors who wrote countless books about me {that I am currently suing, by the way} that I have grown up, living a pampered life style. The Truth cannot be further from it. What Albus Dumbledore, neglected to mention to the press when questioned about where I was, was that I was staying in a house so abusive that I didn't even know my name was 'Harry Potter' until I was five year's old. I finally found out, when my first, ever Teacher, called my name out and I didn't answer. Before that, I went by the name of 'Freak', 'Boy' or anything, my 'loving' relative's felt like calling me for the day, so sorry to tell you this, but the Harry 'who tamed a Wild Werewolf at the age of seven' or 'who's smile, brought good fortune, upon the person who he aimed it at' is nothing more than a cruel illusion that several people made up to sell, lies that nobody would check up on. So, I'm no Hero. I'm just poor, abused Harry. And you may be wondering why I mentioned Albus Dumbledore name, the so-called Leader of the Light? You will be surprised to find out, he was the one that condemned me to an abusive household instead of taking me under his wing or given me over to a nice Magical family, all in the name of 'keeping me safe'. I had no idea about my parents or the fact that I was rich, until a Half-Gaint burst into my life and took me to my vault, handing me a key, that has been kept by a man, named 'Albus Dumbledore', who claim's to be my Magical Guardian. Who, I never met before. So my question is, why did the Headmaster of a school, have my vault key, when he never showed his face to me, once while I grow up? Question's, like this, buzzed in my head. However, all of this was brush under the rug, in the dream of learning magic, like any other, soon to be First, Year. Unfortunately, I was quickly disillusioned with the new world, pretty quickly within minutes of stepping inside your world. Total stranger's suddenly wanted to shake hands with me and somehow know my name! I had never been so popular in my life! Any normal eleven-year-old would be creeped out, right? Even a normal person would be unsettled. But it was Hagrid who finally told me, I was famous for killing a man who had rained terror on Britain before I was even born and I was celebrated for it. But to an abused Orphan like me, it sounded like every year, the Wizarding World was celebrating my Parent's Deaths. Wasn't that Incredibly insensitive? So, I was amazed that nobody picked up on this, so I let it slide, since nobody celebrated with that in mind, at least somebody should have the wisdom to glamour me, to stop such a thing from happening, since I was unaware of my fame at the time. But the Wizarding World was starting to show it's crack's, and one of its cracks came in the form of none other than Draco Malfoy. The very image of Pureblood Propaganda. The boy, let me tell you, did not know when to shut up, I bore witness to something called a 'Pureblood is the Superior race' attitude. Just listening to the boy was amazing...anyone else from the Muggle world, would be convinced this boy had been trained by Nazi's or supporters of Nazi's because their ideology is uncomfortably familiar. Well... I have a question, for the so called 'Pureblood's who are reading this. Where did the first Pureblood come from? And don't say, two Pureblood's made a Pureblood because that doesn't make sense. A Pureblood is somebody who comes from a long line of Magically people, right? but ask yourself this, where did the Magical line come from? It didn't just appear out of thin air. I'm sure most Pureblood's can trace their lineage to early 1900 hundred's, but then you have to wonder, where did the first ever recorded person in their lineage, come from? So, unless you're a complete idiot, then you know those people had to be born from somewhere and show magical talent to be considered the first of their lineage. Those people had to be born from none Magical people because Magical didn't exist before then and Muggles had been around for more than 5 million years. Anyone having a heart attack, yet? So basically, Pureblood's are nothing more than normal people with a special gift, wanting to feel special because it turns out, there are not so special as they want to believe because there are Muggleborns everywhere. Don't believe me? Then just look at any Pureblood family tree and ask these questions to the proud Purebloods, I'm sure the reaction you get, will certainly be an interesting one. And also look up the name Tom Riddle, because I'm sure those with brains will eventually realise why I brought this up, because I guarantee you, that, many Pureblood's will turn red in denial when faced with this bit of information, because has anybody actually gone to Gringotts and checked what they were told, was in fact true? Now skipping, the whole Pureblood idiocy thing. After my run in with the Malfoy Heir, I wasn't so sure I wanted to join a world, that had people like that, running around, reminding me of my own abusive family which wasn't good. Because... isn't the whole point of escaping to another world, is to meet people who wouldn't remind you of the world, you tried to forget? But despite the bad start, I still went through with it and boarded the train, where I met a red head who told me a lie, just to sit next to me. To somebody like me who had to learn, when somebody was lying by force, I easily picked up the sign's the red head didn't bother to hide. But I had always dreamed of having a friend... So I let the red head sit down next to me, I didn't care if he was using me for my fame, I have always been lonely. I also tolerated a girl, who saw the image of the 'Boy-Who-Lived' instead of me, the first time I met her. Do you know, what I find funny? She claims to be smart but she's really thick when it comes to people. You would think, she would see the signs of abuse but my other 'friend' was naturally thick so he had an excuse for not noticing my wincing every once in a while. Fast forward to another run in with the Malfoy Heir and I was ready to get on