Disclaimer: My OC is the only thing I own Hello people, humans and demigods alike! This my first crack at a Percy Jackson fan fiction so I would really love some reviews in order to see what you guys think. I especially want to hear from Xcess. Thank you so much for talking to me about this story and hearing my ideas and giving me feedback. I hope you like it! Also to the LeoxCalypso fans who decided to check out my fan fiction I have two things. 1. I really like Leo and Calypso having some romance with each other but I've had this idea for about a year so it shall be made! 2. If you want a great LeoxCalypso story I recommend Firsts by she.s. .one. It's a great story! The Change of Prophecy Chapter 1 Ripped Away Beep! Beep! Beep! "Silence." the girl underneath the covers said to her alarm clock. Beep! Beep! Beep! "Shut up…" the girl mumbled as she stretched her arm out of her blanket to hit the snooze button repeatedly. Beep! Beep! Beep! "Be quit you evil machine!" the girl yelled ripping the alarm clock plug out of the wall and throwing it across the room. The alarm clock finally stopped beeping as it hit the bedroom door and shattered like it was made of legos. "Thank you." the girl, Cassandra; Cassie for short, said will a smile as she plopped her head on the pillow. She was about to fall asleep again when she heard her front door open. "Cassie, what was that noise?" her father asked as he walked into the room. He got his answer when he heard the crunch of shattered alarm clock as his shoes made contact with the remains. "My alarm clock was being annoying." Cassie said under the covers. "How many times do I have to tell you not to break house hold appliances?" her father asked as he picked up the shattered alarm clock pieces and put it in the trash can in her room. "Do you think money grows on trees?" "Dad, what is money made of?" Cassie asked smirking underneath her covers. "Money is made out of 25% paper, which comes from trees, and 75% cotton, which comes from a bush. Now get up." Cassie rose from bed with a smile on her face. She had the same talk with her dad every time she broke something, which were mostly alarm clocks. It was a conversation she never got tired of. Her dad, Chris Griffin, stood near her waste bin ready for work already like always. He looked kind of out of place in a suit and tie to her, even though he worked as the manager of a local life insurance company. He was in his early forties, but he looked like he was in his mid-twenties. Many people thought he was her cousin or an older brother, not her father when they first met them. He also played the guitar, which made him seem even younger. He was tall and very handsome with his blonde hair, bright blue eyes, and slightly muscular build, but Cassie had never seen him date someone. Cassie believed it was because he never got over her mother, who he never talked about. She had asked him about her many times but he would always brush it off or ignore her all together. "You'd think you would be ready earlier since its Friday." her dad said looking out of the window at the falling snow of their home in Cleveland, Ohio. "Maybe if you would let me drive to school than I would be excited," Cassie said. "Absolutely not." her father said with a stern look, which suited him even less than the suit and tie. "I didn't get my drivers license just for kicks you know." "Don't care, now get ready for school. If you don't complain then I promise you a plate of my best recipe when you get home." That got Cassie out of bed faster than her father could follow. He left her room with a chuckle as she took some clothes over to the bathroom. She knew he would keep his promise because he was always home early on Fridays. She looked at her reflection and cringed at the sight of it. She had always thought she had a very weird and unusual appearance, but having her hair in a rats nest didn't help. She did have a very odd appearance though. She was an albino which was the cause of her long white hair, pale skin, and purple eyes. Yes, she had purple eyes. Like that wasn't enough she was short as well, only reaching 5'1 so most people her age were taller than she was by at least a few inches and she was teased by her friends every now and again. But other people said she looked beautiful and her appearance made her have a mysterious charm. In the end she didn't care much for looks and got in the shower. After her shower and getting dressed in a comfy pair of jeans and a white t-shirt she ran downstairs to grab a pop-tart as quickly as possible. "Aren't you in a bit of a rush?" Her father asked as he sipped his coffee and read the front page of the paper like always. "I'm going to miss the bus if I don't hurry." she nearly swallowing her pop-tart whole. "I've heard that one before." her father said taking another sip of his coffee. How he always had time to read the paper every morning before work she would never know. "You've heard it before because my blanket and I are a perfect match, we hate being apart." Cassie said giving her dad a kiss on the cheek. "Just don't bring any boys home with you. I like you being with your blanket more if you can believe it." her dad said smirking while he continued to read the paper. Cassie tried to glare but it looked silly with her blush. She hated it when her dad teased her about boys. "I expect two plates of your special when I get home." she said grabbing her coat and scarf as she walked out the door and into the freezing cold. The bus got there late, like always. As she walked down the aisle she was flagged down by a girl with brown hair. Cassie's best friend, Amanda, was smiling like always as she adjusted her thick rimmed glasses. "You actually got out bed? I'm impressed." "It was hard. Another alarm clock lost its life in the attempt to wake me up, but its efforts were not in vain." Cassie said pretending to wipe a tear off of her cheek. "Your dad had to wake you up didn't he?" Amanda said pulling a book out of her bag. "Shush." Cassie retorted as she pulled out a book of her own. "Thanks for letting me borrow it again." Amanda said returning one of Cassie's favorite books. "You're welcome, so you said you wanted to restart the series again?" Cassie said looking at her latest favorite book, The House of Hades. With her dyslexia and ADHD she had a hard time reading and sticking with books, but Percy Jackson changed that as soon as her dad forced her into reading it. Her dad loved anything Greek so the day the series was available he bought it for her to read. She couldn't put it down and she would reread each book of the series until the newest one was released. Needless to say she spent more time reading Percy Jackson books than her textbooks. "Yes please, they're just too good to go long without." "Indeed." Cassie said handing The Lightning Thief to Amanda. She opened the House of Hades and started reading. "You would say you have each book memorized?" Amanda asked. "I could read each on from memory forwards backwards and sideways." Cassie said smiling proudly. "Good," Amanda said under her breath. "Good." … "Cassandra Griffin; please put the book away." Cassie's history teacher, Mr. Ross, said to her. "In a minute," Cassie said trying to finish the chapter she was on. Mr. Ross knew better than to bother and just went back to the black board. "You may have done better on your last test if you studied a bit more." Hey, I worked hard for that D. It was one letter grade better than I thought I would get anyway Cassie thought to herself. Cassie heard Amanda giggle in front of her and she responded with a quick kick to the back of her leg. Amanda stopped giggling immediately and tried to stop a squeak. The rest of class Cassie stared at the clock, which she swore was ticking backwards, and ran out the door as soon as it rang. "Wait up Cassie!" Amanda yelled jogging after her friend. "You know you're too fast for me to catch up." "Sorry, but we're having cheeseburgers today. You know I love cheeseburgers." "You could give Percy a run for his money." Amanda said rolling her eyes. Cassie and Amanda wasted no time finding their usual table and sat down with their trays in hand. "You guys get here way to fast." a voice said from behind them. They both turned around to see their other friend Carmen standing behind them. She had the usual twinkle in her eyes that always made her look happy and her long black hair was in a ponytail. She was what most would call a tomboy and she wasn't one to pass up an opportunity to get dirty. "Any chance either one of you could help me at the farm tonight? I need help cleaning up after the horses." Carmen said with puppy dog eyes. "Never," Amanda said. "The last time I helped you I fell in something I never want to be reminded of." "What about you Cassie?" Carmen asked setting her salad in her usual spot. "Sure, after I'm done with my snack at home I'm there." Cassie said. "Just make sure you have nose plugs this time." "Thanks Cassie." Carmen said hugging her. "Don't you have to work on your science project?" Amanda asked with a raised brow. "Shush." Cassie said pressing Amanda's burger to her mouth. "Eat your meat patty." Carmen frowned at the burgers and continued to munch on her salad. "I still don't understand how you guys can eat that stuff. It's a dead cow for goodness sake!" "Better to have it dead than alive." Cassie said taking a bite of her burger. Carmen shuddered and added ranch to her salad. … "I'm home!" Cassie yelled as she stepped into her house. "I'm in the kitchen!" her dad yelled from across the house. "Do I sense some of your specialty?" Cassie asked with excitement in her voice. "On the table." Her dad laughed. When Cassie entered the dining room she darted for thee food that awaited her. Peanut butter covered Ritz crackers. Something so simple but Cassie loved them so much. They always seem to taste better when her dad made them, but he swore he never did anything special to them. "How was school?" Her dad asked as he walked into the dining room and sat down. "I read Percy Jackson and ate lunch. Not much else." Cassie said as she downed another peanut butter cracker. "How you eat so much and never gain weight it beyond me." her dad said. "You're one to talk. I've seen you eat five stakes and then ask for more." "But I'm a man." her dad responded. "I need to eat a lot. You, on the other hand, are as skinny as a twig." "Lies," Cassie said tossing a cracker at her dad. "Can I go over to Carmen's tonight? She needs help with the horses." "Fine by me, just don't come home like you did last time." her dad said wrinkling