She couldn't believe it! Hazel Thornton, a girl who had had a normal life was now on a train to Hogwarts School for Witchcraft and Wizardry. It made a lot of sense of course. She had always had an uncanny ability to move and control things when she wanted to; to heat up the ocean water around her when she was cold, to move objects to where she wanted to them in the blink of an eye, to pick up the winds when she used to fly a kite as a kid. What Hazel was most excited about though was that her best friend Violet Miller was coming with her. They had been inseparable since Hazel's family had moved to England from New Zealand when she was 8 and they couldn't even comprehend what it would have been like attending different schools. And so, there they were, waving to their families as the Hogwarts Express turned around a bend. They picked up their trunks and set off down the train to find a compartment. Hazel had been given a beautiful barn owl in celebration of attending the school, and it was now sleeping with its head under it's wing in her cage as she dragged her trunk down the corridor. Her long auburn hair falling in her face over her rich brown eyes. "Do you reckon their are many... what did they call us? Muddleborns? Oh I don't even know, any other kids from non-wizarding families?" Violet asked, huffing as she heaved her trunk further down the train before stopping to tie up her straight, dark brown hair up in a ponytail, her moss green eyes full of worry. "I think there might be a few... that wizard that came to talk to our families about magic and hogwarts said that it wasn't uncommon, so I guess there'll be a couple others, right? Oh, and the term was Muggleborn" Hazel replied matter-of-factly. " Ugh! I hate it when you remember things like that. It makes me feel stupid!" Violet whined. "I know, I know. You tell me every time I recall anything of importance. I'm sorry if you can't remember a damn thing!" She joked, and Violet proceeded to slap her on the arm, laughing along anyway. After another minute or so of walking past full compartment after full compartment, the two girls finally found one with just a boy and a girl that looked around their age sitting in it. Violet being the more confident of the pair, opened the door and pushed her trunk through. "Hi! My name's Violet Miller and this is my friend Hazel Thornton. Do you mind if we sit in here?" Violet said in a way that meant she was going to stay no matter the answer. "Sure thing. You guys first years too? We are." Stated the boy. He had messy, raven coloured hair, vivid green eyes and a kind smile. "My name's Albus Potter, but you can call me Al, and this is my cousin Rose Granger-Weasley." He pointed at the girl siting across from him. She had fiery, wavy hair and light brown eyes, with a splatter of freckles just like Albus across her nose, which had just peeped out from behind a large book in front of her. When Albus had said their names though, her eyes widened with nervous worry and she sent an accusing glance at him. "Sorry, did we do something wrong?" Hazel asked, suddenly scared that there was some wizarding greeting she didn't know yet. "No, nothing's wrong. My cousin just said something he shouldn't say this early in the conversation. Not before we know who you are at least. You don't seem to be having quite the normal reaction we normally get though." Rose said sending another glare Al's way. "What's wrong with saying you're names? And what!s the normal reaction you get from people?" Hazel inquired, curious to know what could be so different about these to kids. "You don't know who Albus's father is? You don't know who my parents are?" Rose said as though the girls were mad. "No. Should we?" Violet asked, worried now too. "Yes! If you want to know what anyone's taking about half the time," Rose almost shouted, obviously very confused about why we wouldn't know their parents "Wait. Are you two muggleborns? You know my mother is a muggleborn." "Yeah, we are. Is it that obvious?" Violet questioned. "Well the fact you don't know who Harry Potter or the 'Golden Trio' is kind of a give away." Rose stated as though it was clear why she knew we weren't from magical families. "And Hazel, was it? Are you from Britain, you're accent is different." "No, I'm not actually. I came to England 3 years ago, originally I'm from New Zealand. So who are they? You're parents I mean?" Hazel asked, eager to know everything she could about these two kids families. "Oh, you tell them Albus. You're always better at explaining it than me." Rose muttered before reopening her book and once again disappearing behind it. "Okay then. Be prepared for a long explanation." Albus sighed, as though Rose asked him to do that a lot. "So, before my father, Harry Potter was born, a very evil wizard began to gain power. He used a lot of dark magic and he was gaining a lot of followers. His name was Lord Voldemort and he believed that only Purebloods- fully wizarding families- should be allowed to learn and practice magic and that muggles and muggleborns shouldn't exist. A prophecy was made about a boy who would kill the dark lord, and its contents fit to make my dad that boy. And so, when my father was only 1, Voldemort sought my dad and my grandparents out to finish them before my father could end the Dark Lord himself. My grandparents were both killed that night, but my father survived and Voldemort lost almost all of his power and disappeared. My dad grew up with his awful aunt, uncle and cousin who hid from him that he was a wizard until my fathers Hogwarts letter came. He met Rose's parents there at school, Ron Weasley and Hermione Granger, and they all became best friends. They went through a lot of stuff together and eventually started to be known as the 'Golden Trio' as Rose mentioned earlier. In my dad's 4th year he got put into the Tri-wizard Tournament, which is a very dangerous competition, by a follower of Voldemort's and by the end of the year, dad had been used against his will to bring Voldemort back to his full strength. Long story short, in my dads last year at school, 18 years ago, him and Rose's parents went to find and destroy parts of Voldemorts souls that he had taken out of him and made into something called a horcrux. They found them all, my dad ended up dead for a little as well, he came back alive and killed Voldemort once and for all. Nowadays he is known as Harry Potter; Saviour of our world but to me he's just Dad. There are still people who support what Voldemort supported and they still attack every now and then, but for the most part our world is at peace." "Wow. So you and Rose aren't actually cousins then? Just really close family friends?" Hazel asked. "Well, no. My mum is Ginny Potter, but her maiden name is Weasley. She's Rose's dad's little sister. She's a year younger than the others." Albus admitted a little awkwardly "That must be weird for them, having to share your dad like that huh?" Violet joked. "You have no idea. All Mum's brothers give Dad a hard time though, being protective of their little sister and all, but they're usually just kidding." Albus said laughing. "How many siblings does your mum have?" Hazel asked. "Mum's the only daughter and youngest child of seven kids." Albus said, as though it was still shocking to him. "Wow, that's impressive. You must have a lot of cousins then. Do they all go to school still?" Questioned Hazel, fascinated by Albus and Rose's family. "Yeah. I can tell you about the family members if you want. But bear in mind, there are a lot of them and you may get bored." Al suggested with a chuckle. "Sure, why not. We got a lot of time." Violet shrugged. Sure enough, outside the window, the centre of London had changed into wilder countryside, with the occasional cow paddock whipping in and out of view. "Okay, here goes..." and with that Albus began to describe his uncles, aunts and grandparents and cousins to the two girls. "So fist of are grandpa and grandma and their names are Molly and Arthur Weasley. My dads parents were called Lily and James, but I never met them and dad didn't know them well, and he doesn't talk much about their friends that all died during the war..." A silence filled the air, before Albus started to speak again. "But back to my mums family. the eldest of the uncles is Uncle Bill. Uncle Bill and Aunty Fleur- she's French- have three kids: Victoire is in Seventh year and she's head girl, then there's Dominique and she's in 5th year and last they have Louis, who's in 3rd year and happens to be my brothers best friend. Next there's Uncle Charlie. He lives in Romania as a dragon Trainer and Breeder. He doesn't have any kids yet or a girlfriend but Mum and Grandma are trying to find him someone. Then there's Uncle Percy and Aunt Penelope. Uncle Percy is quite uptight but their kid Roxanne is really nice and she's in 4th year. After that there's aunty Angelina and Uncle George. Uncle George is my favourite uncle, just above Uncle Ron and uncle Charlie. He used to be an identical twin, but my uncle Fred died during the war, and apparently Uncle George has never been as happy or complete afterwards, which is quite hard to believe. Funnily enough, they had twins too. Fred Junior and Molly and both in 6th year. Next come Uncle Ron and Aunty Hermione and the had Rose obviously as well as Hugo, who won't come here till next year. Last but not least we have Mum and Dad, and they are probably the best parents in the world, even if it's difficult to go places without being bombarded with press. I have an older brother in 3rd year called James, named after my grandfather and a little sister who's starting with Hugo next year called Lily after my grandmother. There's also Teddy, who is my fathers godson, and basically our brother. His parents died in the war as well and he grew up with us. It's kind of weird because he is dating Victoire and is in 7th year as well and it's strange seeing our brother and cousin together. Anyway, that concludes the very, very large explanation of my family. What about you guys?" Al said brightly, clearly eager to know about muggle life. "Well," Violet started "I have 2 older sisters and one older brother. So I'm the baby of the family, and living with my siblings means learning to be tough and knowing what you want, so that's me!" She said with a giggle and a shrug. "Well I have one older sister, and she hates me currently. Because I'm a witch that is. She despises me and thinks I don't deserve the ability to do magic. But my parents are really great and supportive though." Hazel explained bluntly. "What's your owls name? I have an eagle owl named Ares, but my father sent it straight to Hogwarts because he thought it would be difficult to manage on the train." Al asked. "Her name's Lola. I just got her about 2 weeks ago..." Hazel said affectionately. At that moment a boy popped his head