Note: Some artistic freedom was taken. In other words: I don't know a lot about the PJO series, but I just really wanted to write this story idea. Other stuff is borrowed from hankering around on Wikipedia. "So, is that a 'no' then, ma'am?" Howard Lovecraft asked, trying not to appear disappointed. "Indeed. Do not pursue The Cancer of Superstition any further," Mrs. Houdini replied. "I understand," Lovecraft sighed. "I am sorry for your loss, by the way...your husband was an incredible man. I truly believed he could escape from anything...even Cthulhu, if he were put into the mood..." "Do not speak of the word 'believe,' Mr. Lovecraft," Mrs. Houdini sniffed. "It is far too soon." "Are you leaving so soon?" "Yes. I have to make preparations." "For what?" "To see if he can truly perform his greatest feat," she replied, crossing her arms and walking out. Lovecraft merely nodded and waved her out. Just then, he felt a chill go down his spine as he felt something watching him from his window. Or, rather, someone. Hidden in the shadows, the Lord of Darkness, Despair, Donald Trump's future first Horcrux, and other negative words that start with D shook his head and smirked. Not if he could help it. As he walked away, the writer man looked out his window and stared at the shadowy figure. Watching it gave him familiar tremors, giving him an impression reminiscent of the night gaunts. "I wonder..." Lovecraft muttered to himself. "Why, he seems just like the Red Death...he even wears a mask on his face..." He soon realized who it was and bowed his head. The man went by many names. Lovecraft himself had written about him, calling him Nyarlathotep. However, in this moment, the man's most ancient name sprung to his lips in a moment of shock. " Hades ," Lovecraft hissed fearfully. "Can't say I was terribly fond of the man," the drunk man grunted. "He dedicated his life to debunking exactly what I believe in." "And that was?" Hades asked politely. "Spiritualism," the writer man replied, crossing his arms. "He rooted out all those who claimed to have truly supernatural abilities and showed up, just to expose séances and superstitions as fraud. Rumors say he was in the process of hiring Lovecraft to write a book about it. Why, I bet he'd even go after you, sir, if you claimed you could cand ommunicate with the dead." Hades chuckled. "Some mortals can get by faking the real thing, but truly, I would know if anyone passed in between the gates of my world." The writer man ignored him, wrapped up in staring out of the window. "His widow is planning to do something that might just prove even him wrong, though," he muttered under his breath. "Pardon?" Hades leaned forwards. "She's thinking of holding a séance for him, herself. Says they had a code word planned out, too." "Oh, isn't that lovely," Hades crossed his arms. "Would be nice," the writer muttered. "To see him again...I suppose I'll have to say "I was right" to him, and he'll simply reply "Just another one of my tricks. I planned this all along." Yes, of course he will. There's no doubt...it's him, he's been hiding it all along. He was only ever weeding out competition, not revealing fakes. He, he was the greatest of them all, with the most powers...it is a simple feat, for him to leave death's clutches..." "Yes, yes, of course he will," Hades replied soothingly. "I've...I've held one too, you know. A séance. Back a few years ago, another magician came in and did it...right here, in my flat..." "Hm, I don't remember any breaches in 1919, but I can ask Charon for any abnormalities and see if your suspicions are correct," Hades chuckled. "But thank you for your information. You were very helpful today. Here, have some more," he poured more alcohol into the man's vessel. "What is this wine?" The man blinked. "What speakeasy could you possibly have bought it from? It is like none other..." "Stole it from Dionysus," Hades replied breezily. "No easy feat. He guards this type jealously. Especially with my brother punishing him by starting this whole Prohibition thing in the first place...oh, believe me, he is careful with what remains of what he has stocked up." "No easy feat..." The writer shook his head. "It will not be, but he will return to life...just like Sherlock himself..." "Well, I suppose you could call me Moriarty then," Hades smiled, "except my ability to keep people dead has a 100% success rate." Standing up, he straightened his clothes and sighed. "Thanks to you, I believe I've gathered all necessary information. Well, then...I'll see you in a few years, Mr. Doyle. But at least, now you may know that I take your life with complete and utter respect. Always a fan of your work." "Thank you," Sir Arthur Conan Doyle murmured. Hades merely chuckled. "Did...did you know I was on a cricket team, once?" Doyle asked drunkenly. "No, I did not, but I did not ask either." "Was founded...by good old Barrie, that fellow," Doyle coughed. "You heard of him, right? ...Wrote Peter Pan..." "Indeed." "Never was great...but he certainly loved the game. Heavens, there were so many of us writers...Kipling and Wells, even Milne set aside his precious Pooh Bear and joined in..." "Wondrous...and this team's name was?" "Allahakbarries," Doyle replied wistfully. "...Pardon?" "You know...that saying "heaven help us" in Arabic? Alahackbargh or something like that..." "I do not think it means what you think it means." "...also, we're the Allahakbarries, because, Barrie founded it..." He waited a few seconds, then coughed again. "Perhaps you've had enough honey mead for today." "What is in this wine?" "Nectar. Ambrosia. What else. I see what they said about never meeting your idols, but I thought it only applied to humans seeing my face and not the other way around. Now, if you'll excuse me...since I have finished frying one of my biggest fishes, there is a property in Palm Beach that caught my eye. Even the lord of death could use a vacation every once in a while." "So, you're a property buyer?" Doyle eyed him suspiciously. Hades laughed darkly. "All that is below belongs to me. What lies above, however...what I wish to possess is far more limited. Good day." "Good day," Doyle replied, watching the man vanish into the shadows before him. He sat for a few seconds in contemplative science. Yes, he had definitely had enough alcohol for the day. No wonder that stuff was being prohibited. "Bring me the security ghouls guarding our dear friend Harry," Hades commanded. "Of course...by the way, my lord, I am so glad to see you returned from your sojourn." "You say that every All Hallows' Eve. Check the census. All those who attempted an escape have been safely returned?" "Yes, my lord," Charon replied. "However, I regret to inform you that some of them have taken to...a traditional mischievous spirit. Several of them have insisted on calling me "Karen."" There was a silence. "I don't understand the phonetic difference," Hades replied coldly. "By the way, that is an interesting Halloween costume. Pray, what ultimate evil are you playing dress-up as, Al Capone?" "Oh, no no no," Charon chuckled. "This is not my costume, this is a genuine bespoke Prada suit. Isn't it magnificent?" More silence. "It's a very lovely costume, Charon," Hades replied. "Well, thank you for checking the census. Our good friend Harry...he is still where we last left him?" "Indeed," Charon replied, though he seemed somewhat miffed. "Right back in the pits of Tartarus. He will not escape again...his death is truly the last of his tricks." "I see. Oh, here are the guards. Status report, please?" "He's still there," the ghouls replied. "Screaming "Rosabelle, believe!" at the surface as he has for the past ten years. Quite repetitive to listen to, actually." "Wonderful. Eventually, his wife will give up holding those silly séances." "Actually," Charon bit his lip, "She gave up. This was her last year...ten years is a long time to mortals, after all." Hades looked around at the ghouls and grinned. "Well, what do you know," Hades muttered softly, triumphantly. "It seems...not even his good friends on the surface care anymore. His struggle is finally proven futile." "Also," Charon coughed, "if I might make a suggestion, I think a raise would be a nice reward for all these years of-" "Silence!" Hades raised his hand. "Do not, as those mortals say, ruin my mood. When Samhain has ended, it will be the winter solstice, and I return to Olympus...with the story of how I conquered, imprisoned, and finally threw back Harry Houdini back into the depths of Tartarus which he once considered no more trivial of an escape feat than a pair of flimsy handcuffs. And now I would like to make preparations for my wife's return to my side. Good night," Hades waved off the guards and walked away. "Oh my goodness," one of the meandering souls gasped. "Is that...a genuine Prada?" Charon opened his mouth, then smiled. "Why, yes actually...I mean, I had been eyeing..." "It is exquisite, really," the deceased soul declared. "Really suits you, Karen." Charon opened his mouth to protest then decided he didn't care anymore. He supposed he might as well forget to mention that, although Mrs. Houdini had given up, other magicians still held onto tradition and organized their own huge Houdini séance. "Status report!" "Yes, my Lord." " What are you wearing? " "It is called Armani, my lord...would you have preferre the Versace or Valentino perhaps-" "I care not!" Hades boomed. "My helm is gone, probably due to some wicked retaliation on the part of my brothers. I am in no mood to feign interest in your ridiculous apparel...all I wish to ask, is Houdini still in Tartarus?" There was a silence. "You...you mean the man we imprisoned back in 1926?" Charon would have blinked if he had eyes. "My...my lord..." "I did not ask for your excessive questioning," Hades seethed. "Just tell me, quod sic vel nihil, IS. HARRY. HOUDINI. STILL. IN. TARTARUS." Charon took a few steps back, somewhat bewildered. "Y-yes, my lord," he stuttered. "Well thank you, Karen ," Hades boomed, looking furious and deeply offended. "At least one of my possessions hasn't vanished mysteriously or tried to run back to its mommy up on the surface. Wonderful. By the way, out of curiosity...do you remember what hapened to that property I was scouting in Palm Beach around 1926? Didn't the lady who built a house on it die in 1973?" "Indeed," Charon replied silkily, "that was a good year, you know...not long before Armani was-" "Yes, yes, whatever," Hades rolled his eyes impatiently. "Is it still...in existence? Has anyone bought it?" "Yes, believe so. The federal government determined that it was too costly and both Carter and Nixon turned it down, but one daredevil finally bit the bullet in 1985." "Curses! And who is this audacious individual?" "Oh, only one of the most evil and dark figures known to humankind, sir." "Impossible. He cannot conceivably outrank me in this regard. Of whom do you speak?" "Why, the other man we reserved Tartarus for, my lord. He goes by the name of...Donald Trump." "That foul man! He is intolerable enough as a businessman. I hope he never touches politics." "You do not want it anymore, sir?" "The property? Certainly not after that foul man touched it - you don't know where those hands have been. No, forget about it. I am thinking we should relocate to somewhere else...perhaps, a festering source of corruption and overindulgence. Like..." "L.A.?" Hades and Charon stared at each other for a good five minutes. "L.A...hm, L.A.! L.A...Indeed, why yes, who wouldn't have thought of L.A...how simple minded, Charon..." Charon took a deep breath and willed himself to wait silently for a few more