19. February 1971 „This is outrageous, Albus! Simply outrageous! Never have I heard of such a sickening, barbarous act of cruelty!" Minerva McGonagall shouted beside herself. "And I even greeted the bastard. Would have shaken hands with him if I didn't…" The doors of the hospital wing opened and Poppy Pomfrey stood in the door with a disapproving frown on her face. "Quiet, if you please. You're only scaring the girl, Minerva." McGonagall fell silent but she couldn't help herself shaking with anger. "What will happen to…the man?", she asked the elder wizard more composed. Albus Dumbledore sighed. "I already contacted Eugenia Jenkins. This is not my call, Minerva. Whatever the Ministry decides…" "Oh the Ministry", McGonagall snorted disdainfully. "Whatever Muggle-Protection crap that woman's going to pull…probably just obliviating the bastard. He has to undergo punishment !" "What are you suggesting, Minerva?", Dumbledore asked the fuming witch. "We can hardly send him to Azkaban." "Then send him to a Muggle Prison!", McGonagall demanded through gritted teeth. "On what accounts? To provide evidence, we would have to bring the girl and I doubt that she could control herself with so many people around, considering how strong her magical abilities already are and how she has very likely been… deprived of company. But even if she was capable, you would have to explain why you have found the girl in the first place, why you even knocked on that door. And I doubt that a courtroom would appreciate the stories of a magical school." "Memory Charm, Confundus Charm…Imperius", McGonagall muttered under her breath. "The Ministry wouldn't allow us to meddle with the minds of so many Muggles, Minerva", Dumbledore said and the resigned expression of his colleague told him she knew that as well. "I just…it isn't fair, Albus." "Life rarely is", the Headmaster agreed. "Eugenia should be here by now. Will you accompany me?" "By all means", McGonagall said not entirely enthusiastic. They reached the office of the Headmaster in unison with the Minister of Magic who was just stumbling clumsily out of Dumbledore's floo. "Eugenia", the wizard said politely and bowed his head. "No time for pleasantries, Dumbledore", the witch said tiredly. "I have at least a dozen complaints from the Wizengamot against me regarding the Squib's rights movement. Also, the Dementors act rebellious lately. Evidently, Azkaban doesn't provide them with enough happy souls to feast on. I can't bear the blame for everything. Where is he?" Dumbledore turned his head and Jenkins followed suit. The Muggle in question was just observing the portraits of Dumbledore's predecessors with a grim expression. Reverend Hugh Francis' tall stance and aristocratic facial features made him look quite handsome but his narrow, blazing eyes were, considering he was a Muggle, outright intimidating. Apparently, the Confundus Charm McGonagall had hit the priest with, didn't prevent him from uttering his opinion towards magic. Francis muttered silent prayers and eyed the wizard and the witches with despise. "Good day", Jenkins tried in a conciliatory tone. "My name is Eugenia Jenkins and I'd like to talk with you about what happened." " Exodus 22, thou shalt not suffer a witch to live", the Muggle whispered through gritted teeth. "Mr Francis I presume?", Jenkins tried again. The Muggle ignored her and continued mumbling nonsense. " Galatians 6, Now the works of the flesh are manifest, which are these, adultery, fornication, uncleanness, lasciviousness, idolatry, witchcraft...WITCHCRAFT, hatred, variance, emulations, wrath, strife, seditions, heresies..." "Oh please, I don't have time for this. Do you have the Veritaserum ready, Dumbledore?" Wordlessly, Dumbledore handed her the phial. "How do we get him to…oh, this is getting on my nerves. Imperio! " Although McGonagall had been in favour of the Imperius Curse merely minutes ago, she clicked her tongue dismissively at the action. The expression of the Muggle immediately turned glassy. "If you would just drink the potion", Jenkins asked irritated. The Muggle took the phial obediently and downed its contents in one go. "Very well", Jenkins started. "Let's get the facts straight. What's your name?" "Hugh Francis." "Excellent Mr Francis. You're a Muggle, is that correct?" "I don't know what that means", Francis answered truthfully. "It means you do not hold any magical powers. Is that correct?" "Yes." "You do have a daughter, I understand?" "I have a child in my care. But I wouldn't call her my daughter since she's a child of the Devil." Jenkins ignored the remark and continued businesslike. "And you're aware of her magical powers?" "I'm aware." "I see. And you used…physical measures to prevent the child from… performing magically?" "Yes. I tried to exorcise the Devil various times. But the pact seems to be strong. Her mother surely knew how to sell her soul." McGonagall opened her mouth but kept silent, instead shooting daggers with her eyes. "I understand her mother was a witch as well? What happened to her?" "Her name was Serena Burke. Frightened little thing. Told me she had no family left. She never actually used magic but you could see her soul was tainted. I think that was the reason she sought me in the first place. To cleanse her soul. Maybe to save the soulless child she was carrying." "Miss Burke was already expecting when you met her?" "Yes. She had already conceived from the Devil, and there was nothing I could do to help her." McGonagall rolled her eyes and snorted. "Get to the point, Jenkins. I don't know how much longer I can listen to this excuse of a man." "Mr Francis", Jenkins said tensely. "I need to know which measures you took to… discipline the child." Francis obediently began to list beatings and the most horrible abuses either wizard in the room has ever heard of. The Killing Cure almost looked harmless in comparison. Jenkins' skin tone had took on a sickly green, McGonagall had paled ashen and Dumbledore had closed his eyes, as if he couldn't bear hearing any more. "Thank you…Mr Francis, that will suffice" Jenkins said grinding her teeth. She let out two shaky breaths while trying to regain her composure. "I'll leave the child in your protection, Dumbledore. I'll trust you to find a good place for her. I'll take Francis to the Ministry and file a report. If you'll excuse me." Jenkins made a move to step into the Headmaster's floo, but she was stopped by McGonagall's hand on her shoulder. "What is it, Minerva?" "What fate is awaiting him?" "Probably not one that he would actually deserve. You can't do anything really, Minerva. At least not something that would be legal and I don't presume you would pressure the Minister of Magic to abuse his powers in that ways. Good day." And with that, Jenkins and Francis disappeared in a flash of green fire. The wizard and the witch both stood and watched the fireplace for a while. "That reminds me…you haven't told Jenkins about her… abilities. " Dumbledore simply shook his head. "And I won't. Opposite to the dealing of Mr Francis, the magic of this girl is not business of the Ministry. "You have to admit you haven't seen something comparable before." "I haven't", Dumbledore agreed. McGonagall swallowed. "When she looked me in the eyes, still lying on the floor in that horrible house, I felt the strangest connection. And then that poor, beaten girl, unable to even stand up, told me she felt sorry for me", McGonagall took a deep breath but when she spoke again, her voice was still shaky. "She said she was sorry Dougal and his family had to die. She said she was even sorrier I had to leave him all those years ago. Has she…has she seen something in you too, Albus?" Dumbledore closed his eyes as if in pain. "Ariana", he said finally. "She told me Ariana would be proud of me and that I shouldn't waste my regrets on Gellert for he had it coming. And then she told me that I should be looking forward to my birthday, since you have already begun knitting socks for me." At the last remark McGonagall had to laugh and Dumbledore chimed in. "It's true, though. Her talent is…more than impressive. I don't know how she does it, and at this young age! Is she…is she a mind reader?" "I don't think so", Dumbledore said. "This is not how Legilimency works. I have a theory though…" "Which is?" Dumbledore looked pointedly at the witch. "I believe young Miss Burke is somehow capable to see souls." 21. February 1971 If Rosalyn Burke hadn't known better, she would have thought her last two days were a dream. Instead of kneeling until her knees hurt, she got to lie in a bed. And a warm, comfy one on top of that. Instead of preparing thin soups without being allowed to join Francis on his meals, she had been provided with a dozen treats and delicacies, which all were better than everything she had ever tasted in her life. Instead of doing her chores, saying her prayers and doing penance when she failed to do either of the two things properly, she was given books to read for pleasure. The word sounded strange even just thinking it. But besides sweets and pillows, the best thing so far had been the bath. Rosalyn had never washed with hot water before. And the bubbles . Rosalyn would gladly make a pact with the devil, like Francis claimed she'd done long ago, if that meant she could take such a bath every day for the rest of her life. And a little voice in her head suggested hopefully, that maybe, if she was very lucky, taking a bath or eating chocolate or sleeping with a thick blanket, wouldn't be so difficult to get in her future. The other nice witch, Professor McGonagall, had reassured her only yesterday that she didn't have to go back to Francis. That they were looking for a place for her. A place where witches and wizards lived. A place where she wouldn't be a freak anymore. The thought let Rosalyn actually be hopeful and she continued sipping her hot chocolate to distract herself. It was always dangerous to hope. The door of the Hospital Wing creaked and Rosalyn put her mug away, excited about the prospect of a visitor. The old wizard with the long beard entered the room, looking happier than yesterday or the day before. "How are you today, Miss Burke?", he greeted her in a friendly tone. Rosalyn smiled a little. "I'm fine, thank you, Sir. Everyone has been really kind to me." Rosalyn knew she would never be able to properly show her gratefulness, but she decided on trying at least. "You can have a chocolate frog if you want, Sir", she offered shyly. "I don't think I'll try another because the one I opened jumped away." Dumbledore chuckled and helped himself to a treat. "You have to be quick with sweets around here, Miss Burke. However, I appreciate the gesture. That's very nice of you." She blushed and watched as the old wizard popped the squirming frog into his mouth. "May I ask you something, Sir?", Rosalyn asked the Headmaster wringing her hands. She wanted to ask him that for two days now, but somehow it had never been the right time. Dumbledore said nothing but motioned her to continue. "Until two days ago I haven't met people who are like me. A witch or a wizard, I mean. Except for my mother, of course, but she wasn't able to…she couldn't do anything I could. But I've looked down her path and from what I've gathered she was born a witch but without any magical powers so she was cast out of her family. What I'm trying to say is, I haven't therefore really met a witch or a wizard before. And I was so relieved when I looked down Professor McGonagall's path and I knew I wasn't the only one anymore but what…