Notes: This is a story I started a long time ago but only now decided to let out into the world. I hadn't even decided on a title until recently. Since this is my take on the original story, there will be a lot of similarities, especially towards the beginning and especially concerning events. But if you bear with it, the story will veer into its own. I tried to incorporate a song into a lot of the chapters so I'll try to list those. Thank you and enjoy. Featured Music: Explosions in the Sky - So Long, Lonesome Disclaimer: I own nothing Twilight. I merely play with the characters for entertainment. Songs and lyrics belong to their respective artists. No copyright infringement intended. Hope is the worst of evils, for it prolongs the torment of man – Friedrich Nietzsche Prologue Hope is a dangerous thing. Worse than failure. Worse than quitting. Worse than heartbreak. Because any of these things alone is bad enough, but with hope, they can devastate you and crush your spirit. I never had much hope in life. I relinquished myself to my fate. After all, how many of us are really special? I thought I would lead an ordinary life with ordinary experiences. I never thought I could feel such love and adoration for anyone, let alone for such dangerous beings. They came into my life and left soon after. But I guess I fell prey to my predator in the end. Then that damned hope finished me off. For how could I hope that someone like him could love me? Chapter 1 Unspoken Agreements Yet another new school. I was used to it by now, all this moving and transferring. But soon I would be able to do what I wanted. Soon I would turn 18 and graduate high school. I never really discussed my future plans with Phil, but it was an unspoken agreement that we would stick with each other till then. He was, after all, my father. I never really discussed anything with Phil much. It was all unspoken agreements. It was an unspoken agreement that we don't bother each other with details of our unassuming lives. It was an unspoken agreement that I not harp on him about his drinking and he let me come and go as I pleased. Not that I had places to go. Usually it was to the local library, bookstore, cafe of wherever we were stationed at the time. I never partied or got into trouble. I was responsible. I never caused trouble for Phil and he gave me a meager allowance, when he could spare the money from rent and drink. And now that I was old enough, I tried getting jobs. Usually it was menial work, but that was fine as I usually didn't stay in whatever town long enough to tire of it. The extra money I used mainly for food and music. Sometimes I indulged in clothes and books, though I didn't like to keep too many possessions. I've found over the years that these things just mean more baggage to lug around for the next move. That's one of the reasons music became so important to me. Since it was digital and convenient, it was the one constant in my life. The reason we moved so much was that Phil was always searching and finding new jobs. Mainly he did construction work, manual labor, though he was willing to do almost anything. He wasn't stupid, just unreliable. But I mainly attributed that to his drinking. He was a functioning alcoholic and I gave up trying to do anything about it years ago. He was like this for as long as I could remember. And as a young girl, when I found out what alcoholism was, I tried getting him to stop but to no avail. He never got out of control or hurt anyone or drove drunk so I just let him be. I guess the only one he really hurt was himself – and I think that was the point. This latest construction job brought us to the small town of Forks, Washington, a quaint but drab-weathered little town. But for all the gray weather, Forks managed to stay awfully green. It was actually nice, though, all that nature. Most of the cities we stayed in were big and loud. Rarely we got to stay in little towns because much work wasn't to be found there. Phil managed to get a big project a couple towns away and there was a cheap apartment for rent here. It was a one bedroom so I let him have the bed while I took the couch. He needed to keep his back in shape if he wanted to continue to work and support us. Phil and I had taken care of my enrollment in my new high school and we used the weekend to unload and unpack our few belongings to our new home. One of my big must-haves was my bicycle. I bought it secondhand a few years back and I used it to travel back and forth from schools, work, and local areas. We had one car, and though I acquired my license in the last city we lived in, Phil drove the car to work so I was left to my bike. I didn't mind, though. I loved riding my bike on open roads – that sense of freedom and almost flying. And from what I saw on the car ride to and from school with Phil, it was a long, scenic route I looked forward to. So when Monday rolled around, I got to test out my bike on the forest flanked road to my new high school. I left extra early in the morning, making sure Phil was stirring for work before I left. I wore my blue jeans, sneakers, a white t-shirt, my warm zip-up hoodie, and my jacket. Very plain and inconspicuous, indeed. First days were not a time to stand out. I turned on my iPod to play Explosions in the Sky , put it in my pocket and put in my ear-buds. I grabbed my book bag filled with some notebooks, pencils, and other school supplies, my keys and my wallet and headed out the door. It was still dark out when I ran down the stairs of the apartment to the front door where I unlocked my bike on a post. Who was I kidding? It had been nonstop dark here since we arrived. Did the sun ever come out on this town? Not that I enjoy blistering sunlight, but still. How did people here not get depressed? I pedaled onto the long road that led to school and glided down the road. It was such a refreshing feeling – the wind in my face. And the chilly air woke me up and made me smile. Just then, my iPod started playing the song "So Long, Lonesome." Perfect. The road was empty – that was the good thing about small, quiet towns – and I let go one hand off the handlebar and leaned up. Then I let go of the other. The road dipped slightly so I didn't have to pedal for a little bit. Then the road dipped back up and I grabbed the handlebars once more and pedaled my feet. I loved looking at the trees and all the green fly past me. I finally reached the school and I rode my bike to the side where the parking lot led. I rode up the sidewalk to the entrance where a bike rack was under the roof overlay cover and locked my bicycle. I turned my head where I was kneeling by the bike lock to face the parking lot. There were cars still entering, filling up the spaces. There were groups of students milling around the cars, some walking towards where I was to the entrance. Some noticed the stranger amongst them and stared and whispered to their friends. A small town negative. My small towns pros and cons list was growing. At least none of them were pointing and laughing. A good start, I joked to myself. Bigger schools usually helped my anonymity. I quickly found my way through the hallways to the main office where I came to enroll a few days earlier. The same secretary greeted me and asked me to wait while she retrieved my new schedule. She offered to have a student show me around but I politely declined. I assured her I would be fine and that I'd like to find my way around. I would rather ask someone for directions than have one student feel responsible for me for who knows how long. I thanked her and left the office to make my way to my first class. After a trip to my new locker, I was almost to the classroom after a couple wrong turns when I heard, "Hey, new girl!" Damn. I almost made it. I turned around to face a smiling boy a few inches taller than me with dark hair. I raised my eyebrows to signify he had my attention. "Hey. You need help getting to class?" he asked. "I think I'm almost there," I told him, pointing behind me. He peered down at the schedule I was holding in my hand to take a look. I lifted the paper so he could have a better view. I was used to people wanting to look at my schedule to see what classes I had. He gave a slight frown and said, "Doesn't seem like we have any classes together. But we do have lunch period together. You can sit at my table. I know lunch is supposed to be like some hierarchical class thing. Who sits where thing. But my table's cool. It's not too bad here. Small town and all. Everyone knows everyone and all that." He extended his hand. "I'm Eric, by the way." I accepted his handshake and said, "I'm Bella." I gave a polite smile. I always liked the friendly kids at schools. I didn't like to make much effort into getting to know new people and the outgoing ones always made it easier. And having somewhere to sit at lunch did make things bearable, even if it was a cliché. I didn't mind sitting alone so much, but people tended to stare more and I knew they were looks of pity or scoffing. The best way to be invisible was to blend in. "Nice to meet you, Bella. I'll walk you to your class just in case you get lost," he smiled. "If you have any questions, you can always ask me. Lived here my whole life. I know everyone." The classroom was not so far ahead so we reached the door quickly. "Thanks, Eric," I told him. "I'll see you at lunch then?" My dismissal seemed to make him happy and he left after lingering a few seconds. Small towns probably didn't get too many new students. Although I wouldn't count myself as something to write home about. I sighed and stepped into the class. The thing about transferring to different schools is, you're either behind or ahead of everyone else. Being behind was not something I liked. I managed to always catch up, though. That's the perk of having no friends and hanging out in libraries. I could tell after a couple classes that I would not have to worry about that. It didn't seem like any material I couldn't handle. In honors English class, I seemed to make another perky friend, Jessica. I sat next to her and she immediately made conversation asking to check out my schedule. Seemed we had lunch together next as well. When the bell rang at the end of class, I headed to my locker to stuff my new heavy textbooks and found the lunchroom. I joined the queue and bought a sandwich and