Notes: This story is completely NOT epilogue compliant. Fred and Tonks are still dead but Remus is alive! Please keep in mind I'm American, so I might miss on British-isms here and there. Please comment if you like it...I've tried posting this before and the lack of interest had me take it down. Thanks! George POV: George shrugged off the robes he wore out on the sales floor of the shop and made his way upstairs to his flat above the store. Dodging children and parents, ducking flying product as he went, he managed to stop a near disaster with a little git trying to get another boy to eat a Canary Creme soaked in Love Potion. He didn't even want to imagine the Howler that one would have resulted in. If the bloody things didn't combust on their own, he'd have had to buy another store just to have a place to put them all. He was almost happy for the owl post from Lupin, requesting his presence at The Burrow for an emergency meeting of the Order. It was a surprise and a welcome one. The morning hadn't been easy, too many reminders of Fred and seeing Angelina with her husband, some git from Canada of all places didn't help. Just one more reminder that not only was his twin gone but Angelina had married a Canadian. A Canadian. Just the unexpected distraction was a help. Everyone seemed to have moved on since the war better than he had. Even Harry and the war had been fought mostly because of him. George wasn't as bad as he'd been that first year but he still felt far behind everyone else. To be honest, it was still a day to day struggle after losing Fred. He felt like he'd lost half of himself. He'd almost expected to look in the mirror and find that he'd been split, straight down the middle. He hadn't of course. He'd only lost the other half of his soul, his twin. There was an emptiness there still. He supposed there always would be. Drinking had helped him forget in that first year. Forget Fred, forget about his ear, forget about eating or bathing or anything. All it had taken to break him of that was Ginny showing up at his flat and finding him still half drunk and sprawled on the couch at 8 in the morning. She'd just started screaming at him and hexing him, then punching him with her tiny fists sobbing that he couldn't leave her too. He shook his head and stepped over to the floo. The message from Lupin had been strange. The Order hadn't needed to be called together for anything other than the annual memorial at Hogwarts, which he'd still had yet to be able to attend, since the war ended. Now they needed to get back together to assess a possible new danger? As he stepped into the fireplace, he sent a silent hope to anyone who was listening that it wasn't the start of more war. He'd had enough with the last one. Kate's POV: "Kate? Are you ready?" She looked away from the window where she'd been people watching while waiting for whatever magical thing would be taking her away from the only country she'd ever known and take her back to where her parents and brother had fled from before she was born. She didn't understand why her father's will requested that she be taken to someone named Dumbledore but then again, until a few days ago, she didn't know magic was real. And that she was a witch. An actual witch with enough power to lash out and kill. And destroy. Part of her didn't want to leave her home but then the rest of her screamed You have no home! You destroyed it! You destroyed everything. Daddy and Jimmy are dead because of you. Witch. Murderer. Freak! She'd been watching the people walking by the building that looked like an everyday office building that was empty from the outside but was really part of the wizarding government of the United States. They had come after everything had happened. They had come and taken her away from what had once been her home but was now just smoking rubble. She didn't remember leaving Hawaii, just waking up in California. She didn't even get a chance to say goodbye to the islands she'd known all her life. They examined her with actual wands and gave her a sweet tasting potion to keep her calm while they told her that she wasn't dreaming and magic was very real. And they told her that her brother and father were dead. But she knew that. She'd watched it happen. Green light and then they fell. Men in masks. Wands. A scream of rage. Nothing. All they were able to tell her is that her father's will had been registered with the International Ministries of Magic and it had stated that if he died an unnatural death that his children be immediately taken back to England and to the care of one Albus Dumbledore or the Order of the Phoenix, no matter how old they were. What was an Order of the Phoenix? Knights of some sort? So here she was. Her life destroyed and now she was being sent off to strangers. She had no clue what to expect. "Kate?" She blinked and looked at the man in the suit. Her mind searched for a moment before she remembered his name. "Mr Summers. Sorry." "It's alright. We have the portkey ready for you." "How do I use it?" She stood up and let him lead her out of the room and to another one where a pulsing blue shoe sat on a table. "Is that it?" She didn't know what she expected but something more than a simple shoe. Were they always shoes? "That's it. It will take you to a town called Ottery St. Catchpole. That's where the Order requested you be sent." "Okay." She still didn't know what he was talking about with the Order though someone had probably already told her. It was very hard to concentrate on anything in the last couple days. Or care. "All you have to do is grab it and hold on tight and before you know it, you'll be in England." "Okay." She wished she could say more than that. That she could show some kind of interest in any of this. But she didn't. She just wanted her life back. Her family back. She wanted things to make sense again. "Kate, it's going to be okay. There are great wizards there. They'll help you." She nodded. Was there really anyone who could help her after what happened? "Mahalo." With that, she stepped forward and grabbed the shoe. Immediately she felt like she was being shoved, navel first through a tube. It didn't hurt but it felt rather strange. And then before she could think about it anymore she felt herself fall into long grass with a thump. She rolled onto her back and looked up at the sky. It'd been early morning back in the States so it had to be near lunch time in England, where she was supposed to have ended up. Not that she could tell, the sun was hidden away by clouds and the weather looked rather depressing. Appropriate. Her heart ached for the warm breezes and sun of Hawaii. She sat up and looked around, though she wasn't able to see much through the long grass. It felt completely alien to her though she assumed that this passed for summer in England. Something else she'd have to get used to. Should she have ended up in a field? If she wasn't where she was supposed to be, how would she find this Dumbledore guy? Her identification had been taken away after she'd been declared dead by the nonmagical authorities. Apparently someone told them it was a gas leak that'd destroyed her house and most of the area around it. She was taken out of her thoughts when she heard someone coming through the grass in her direction. She didn't know if she should let them know where she was or stay quiet. What if they were with the people that'd killed Daddy and Jimmy and now they were coming for her? Her heart beat faster as she tried to think of what to do. What would Jimmy do? Stay low and stay quiet, maybe that'd be enough. "Kate? Kate Baylor?" A man's English accented voice called out. "Ron, how many Kates do you think are in the fields here? I don't think you need to be so formal." Another male voice said with a touch of sarcasm and humor. "Kate, it's alright. We're friends. We're with the Order. Please call out if you can hear us!" She took a deep breath and hoped she wasn't falling for a trap. In all honesty, she had no other options but to trust them. "Here! I'm over here." It took a moment before two young men came through the grass to where she was. One was a tall brawny ginger, dressed in jeans and a blue plaid flannel with the sleeves rolled up. The other was a little shorter with messy black hair and round rim glasses. He was dressed for comfort as well, in jeans and a plain green shirt. He gave her a friendly smile and extended his hand. "Hello Kate. My name is Harry. This is Ron." "Aloha." She managed, taking a breath before putting her hand in his and letting him pull her up. At their puzzled looks, she explained. "It's Hawaiian for hello. And goodbye. I'm just used to saying it. Mahalo is thank you." She babbled and let her words die. She wasn't home anymore explaining things to tourists. Here, she was the real houli, outsider. "Sorry, I'm just nervous. I've never left Hawaii before." "I understand all of this is very strange and frightening to you. But we're here to help you. I promise." Harry said, his eyes, which she now saw were a deep green, were wide and honest. His voice made her wonder what his profession was. It was almost like he regularly said that to people needing help. "Okay." She took a breath, pushing away her trepidation. "Nice to meet you." She turned and shook Ron's hand as well, the ginger giving her a shy smile. "Are you cold? I know England is a far cry from Hawaii. I've always wanted to go there and see the volcanoes." Harry said conversationally, no doubt trying to make her more comfortable. "I am a little chilly. I guess I'll get used to it. I can't really go back anyway. Nothing there for me now." Her mind flashed with the devastation she had caused. "The port key didn't drop you from too high, did it? Hate those bloody things." Ron spoke up, rubbing the back of his neck nervously. Like Harry, he was trying to help by distracting her. She appreciated it. "Oh umm, no. I don't think so. I just wasn't sure I was supposed to be in a field. I thought I'd end up in another room or something. I was just told to grab the shoe." She indicated the shoe in her hand that was no longer glowing. Were these things one way only? Harry nodded. "It was the closest we could get you to The Burrow. Are you feeling up to walking? I know I felt a little dizzy the first time I used a port key." "I'm ok." "Here, we won't need this anymore." Ron gently took the shoe from her hand and then took out his wand. "You don't want it, do you?" She was confused but mostly fighting the instinct to run from what just a few days ago would have been a stick to her. "No?" "Ok." He gave her