Salt and Bone My second dawn at sea is bloody red and I am sure I won't live to see a third. The reasons are twofold. One is the infected wound that festers on my thigh. My blood has become black with augue and a blinding pain has spread from the flesh into the bone. By that alone I am not long for this world, but I feel the second on the wind. A storm approaches. By mid-day dark clouds gather on the horizon and the Norse men's chatter becomes reserved and sharp. I do not know what they say but the one called Finnr, whose hair is red like a copper coin and speaks in my tongue, informs me with a sharp toothed grin that today we may all kiss the bottom of the sea. He could be right. The wind stretches the cloth sails taunt and the narrow boat rocks violently as the ocean churns beneath it. The other captives and I are lashed together with our backs to the pole that suspends the sail. When the rain begins the norsemen stretch an oiled canvas over their heads or duck below the deck; we captives are given no such consideration. The ocean swells and rises, crashing over the sides of the boats and pounding us until we cannot see for the salt in our eyes nor breathe for the water in our noses and throats. The salt water washes over the tear in my thigh and the screams tear themselves from my throat are carried away by merciless gales of wind. Burns and blows are as familiar to me as hunger and exhaustion, but the pain of the ocean striking my wound is new and so terrible that I find myself begging for an end. Any end. Even death. But it's all for naught. None can hear me over the roar of the wind, not even the Gods, and I scream until the world goes dark and quiet. By some incredible magic, I am the only one of the captives to survive until the next morning. The norse men are in good spirits, despite the deaths, because all of the bounty they reaped from my land has survived. They are rich men yet, providing they make it back home. Finnr and another named Henning, who smells of sour ale, untie the corpses and I. I slump forward, feeling much like a corpse myself, and brace myself against my good leg. "The gods have spared you another day, man of Norðreyjar. Do you thank them, or do you curse them?," ask Finnr with a grin. "I am called Petar," I croak. Since it is by their sword that I will die they should know my name. "And as for the Gods..." I gather what saliva I can and spit at the floor. Henning rolls his eyes and rasps something sharp at Finnr but he is too busy laughing at my audacity to hear him. "Alright, Petar of Norðreyjar, who curses the Gods that spare his life. What say you move your comrades to their graves with me?" I am not sure if this is an order but, as I am dying anyway, there is nothing I can lose by refusing. "Move them yourself," I grumble. I lean my head back against the pole I had been lashed to and allow the sun to beat down on my face. My leg throbs viciously. My eyes must deceive me; for today it looks better than yesterday. If so, then the Gods have played a cruel trick for, if I survive this injury, it will be as nothing better than a lame slave. Finnr laughs at me again. Why he is so amused by my anger I cannot hope to know. He and Henning toss the bodies over the side of the boat with an indifference that only serves to enrage me. Soon it will be my body they toss into the blackened deep. Afterward, when Finnr offers me his flask of ale, I look to the sea behind us dotted with the dead bodies of the last of my people. I turn my head to refuse his offer. These Norsemen are as savage as beasts and I will not share a cup with any one of them. Even to save my life. But I need not have bothered. I will not be blessed with death today. We have not even been at sea for a full three days when we arrive at the Norseman's homeland- a place Finnr calls Hordafylke. They grow excited and rambunctious and I know why. Being separated from your home, even for a moment, is to know heart break. My throat tightens as we dock. This place looks like Jarlshof. The trees are similar, as is the air- salty and cool. Even the soil is the same. But this place is not Jarlshof and these people are not like me. I will spend my life among them as a stranger in a strange place and I will never see my home again. For even if they were to remove the leather collar from around my neck; there is no home I could return to. It is nothing but ashes now. Everyone I once knew- dead. Nothing is left for me there. The only one way forward is here, as a slave to the people who took everything I loved and burned it to the ground. The Norse men gather their ill-gotten bounty, including me, and haul it all onto the dock. I cannot walk, even supported by another man. I am too weak with dehydration and sun sickness, so they let me collapse onto my side on the rough wood with a round of good humored chuckles. Let them laugh. I hope to die where I lay. But they will not let me. There is a final humiliation to face before anyone will allow me the rest I so desperately need. Finnr tells about it as I am dragged on a canvas stretcher through the wooden structures of their town. It is a presentation of the bounty they have taken from my land, to which their ruler has first rights to. I am part of that bounty. Nothing more than a stolen good. I refuse to feel humiliated. I refuse to feel fear. What I allow is the anger. It will give me the strength I need to remain defiant. I may be a slave here, but they will find trouble if they expect me to be servile. But my heart is in too much pain to stay focused on my anger and to hide it, I shut my eyes to the unfamiliarity all around me. There will be plenty of time to learn it if I live. I am thrown to the floor when we arrive at the great hall- a large smoky room that smells of burning sage, sour ale, and pungent bodies. I cough weakly at the heaviness of the air. From my vantage point, I can see hounds gathered by the fire. They fight over a bone, yelping and snapping as they tear it from each other's mouths. The sounds seem the same as the tongue the Norse men speak in. Musical, sharp. Footsteps gather all around me. Loud voices boom. The room is filling with people who delight in the bounty stolen from my home. They have not seen all the deaths that earned them these goods, but I'm sure they know. My heart breaks apart like dry clay. Then, thunder. Boots against the floor and cries of cheer in a swell of sound that rattles the very beams of the hall. I raise my head from the ground and feel my breath arrested by what is in front of me. The ruler of these people is seated on a pelt covered throne. And it is no man. She rises slowly to her booted feet, and I am shocked to see that she is dressed in the same manner the men are- a tunic, leggings and a leather breastplate. Her hair is even styled as theirs is, a single braided lock extending far down her back, lashed with leather and tied at the end with with a silver pendant. The sides of her head are shaved to the skin, which is painted with intricate red designs of birds and arrows. Olive skinned and pale eyed, she looks nothing like the rest of her bone-white brethren. She is small, even for a woman, though there is nothing of her that is delicate. Her arms and hands are scarred and rough, though from what, I cannot imagine. There is something unnameable to her. A force of presence, a wildness of spirit, that I can sense as surely as if I had seen it with my own eyes. It is not beauty, though that she has. It is not the men's style of dress she has adopted, though admittedly it befuddles and intrigues me. She must have been blessed by the Gods with the power of bewitchment and I am sure without knowing how that she is as fierce as she is captivating. Nonetheless, her attire and demeanor say nothing of royalty. She stands wide-legged and haughty in front of her throne, arms crossed at her chest and eyes glinting in the low light. Then, her voice. Like clover honey. Like sweet mead. Even in the viking tongue. She addresses the room, speaking words I cannot understand... yet, oh how I desire to! But when they cheer for what she says, my heart grows cold again. Whatever they cheer for cannot be good for me. I close my eyes. This meeting will probably not last much longer. I breath the cloying smoke. Beneath that, I can smell curing meat and fish and I realize that in my fevered state I have forgotten the hunger pains in my stomach. But they are here now and my mouth waters at the scent of food so near. "Norðreyjar, can you stand?" It is Finnr speaking close to my cheek. I cannot. He lifts me to my feet, where I tremble with fever. Standing causes my head to become light. I must look like death himself, I think, when she approaches me with cold, appraising wound in my thigh still gapes, and even in this dim light it is grotesque. As her eyes skate over it, she pales and I wish that I had had it covered. I do not understand this. Why should I hide it from her? Surely this queen has seen battle, or why would she dress as a warrior? Then I realize that it is not that I am not ashamed of my wound. It is that it has somehow caused her shame and for that, I feel responsible. Only, why should I? It is on her orders that I have become slave to these savage Norsemen: who steal men, rape women and burn villages to the ground. Her hand reaches out to curiously tilt my face. Does she see her own cruelty reflected back in my eyes? Out of the shadows emerges a second woman- white skinned as if she has never seen the sun, eyes and lips darkened with some kind of black pigment. She is as insubstantial as the first is forceful, but when she mutters something under her breath to the leader of the Norsemen, I understand her position is also one of great influence. The queen pauses her exploration of me to listen, a look of concentration on her face. She looks into my eyes, her own cool and grey like winter's fog. Her gaze pierces me. Heat bubbles to life inside of me independent of my fever. Her brow smooths, and then she says something that causes the room to still. "For her part of the bounty, she chooses you," Finnr whispers to me. I lay by the hearth staring up into smoke-blackened rafters lined with drying herbs. The