Trigger Warning: Death of a major character, sexual abuse, self harm/mutilation, opiate addiction, disordered eating, depression. Home is in Your Skin " Real or not real, I am on fire." i. I'm not fully aware of what I'm doing until I hit seventy-five miles an hour, putting as much distance between myself and Boulder as fast as I possibly can. Trees are flying by on either side of the two-lane highway in a watercolor blur of ashy browns and blacks but all I focus on is the endless road ahead of me, the roar of the wind against my windshield, and the grit of my tires against the tar vibrating my car's frame. I don't want to call it running away, even though that's what it technically is. I am just 'choosing me', as Prim would have said, and I know she would be glad that I am finally moving forward, even if I'm not really moving on. I guess Prim would be glad of a lot of things if she was still here. But she's not, so Prim's not glad at all. She's just dead. Estes Park isn't a decision, its just where I end up - miles from Boulder and the burnt out shell of Building #12 and the adoption center where Gale and I met. That's probably a huge part of the attractionto the place. The air is different though too - so clean and cold that it stings in your throat and lungs, and it's so quiet that I can pretend I spent my whole life running through forests instead of hiding in dusty closets, and no one and nothing can remind me that it isn't true. I live in my car, and it's my best living situation yet, bar the lack of running water. Every night I pull onto the shoulder of a different road, tear open a 99-cent bag of sunflower seeds and recline my chair as far back as it will go. Its the happiest I've been in years, all alone under the black velvet sky, the winking gaze of white stars overhead and my feet frozen to numbness in my wool socks. Miserably cold and slowly starving is still better than a foster home. I lose myself in that black sky. Breathing, in and out, over and over. Not thinking. Just being . Living on autopilot. It takes me a week of quiet and isolation for it to hit. How the events of the past few years would always be with me. How I would never escape them, no matter how fast or how far I run. There's a hurricane in my mind and I am in the eye staring into the chaos all around me, wondering if my umbrella will be enough when I disappear in the wind and the rain. And that's when I know. I am not waiting to be swallowed by the storm. I already have been, and all that remains of me is the absence another girl left behind. Like a bleach stain, or the split knee on a pair of pants. I am a person-shaped nothing. I touch the scars on my back and arms gently, curiously, as though I'd never seen them before. And then I'm screaming and I can't stop, scratching them into gaping bloody trails and yelling until there's nothing left in me. Then, raw and hungry and bleeding, I tuck into a ball and cry . I cry for Gale. We only ever had each other, and now we don't even have that. I cry for Prim, who was too fucking good for this world and all the shit in it. I cry for me, selfish enough to try and leave both of them behind in my past, but not selfish enough to just off myself and really leave it all behind. I cry because I am a coward and I must deserve all of this because what else makes sense? The storm passes. The morning dawns, clear and blue. I put my car into gear and drive. In the weeks that follow, I try to put myself back together. I bathe in the near frozen streams on warmer days and hope to God no one catches me out here - naked, shivering and pink, covered in puckering scars. I pick up some line-cook work and eat some real food, rent wilderness survival books from the library and read them curled up on my backseat with the cleanest duvet I can find at Goodwill. Even though it smells like mold, I don't mind it so much. Its warm and heavy and for a split second in the mornings I can almost pretend I'm not all alone out here. I pretend someone's arms are wrapped around me. Solid. Warm. Safe. And then one night, with my windows fogged up like shower doors and my heater choking on its last breath, ' American Pie' comes on the radio and I fall over the console to turn the volume up as loud as it will go. My throat is so dry I am sure it's completely useless, but to my surprise my mouth opens like it's not even mine anymore and I sing and sing and I haven't forgotten a single word of that song - not one single word . It's like me and Dad are sitting in this shitty car together, like he's right here next to me , belting out our favorite song on the side of a mountain in the middle of March. It's a whole eight minutes long - that's a long time to sing like I'm doing, and I haven't tried to in years. It feels like I am running. My heart is galloping and I can't keep my throat from tightening or my eyes from burning but I don't stop because it isn't Don Maclean coming from my radio, it's Dad and he's singing to me about the world ending in silence and fire, and I am answering him, telling him that it did, telling him that I've been voiceless this whole time because the world really did end and by some sick twist of fate I'm still fucking here. And I really wish I wasn't. Then suddenly there's a loud rap on my window, and I am so startled I just swing the car door wide open instead of rolling down the foggy window and the last tinkling notes of the song blast embarrassingly loud into the silent night air. In the snow in front of me is a woman with the most terrifying scowl I've ever seen. She couldn't have been a hair over five foot and is maybe a hundred pounds soaking wet. She tells me I'm brainless. Then she offers me a job. Her name is Johanna Mason, and she owns a few cabins up on one of the mountains that she rents out to tourists and weirdos. I say weirdos because her cabins weren't structures in the traditional sense - they're what look like wooden domes but are really something called yurts. They're kind of dreamy; magical in a real way, not in a Disneyland kind of way. They're a little weird. So is she. It's perfect. I really like Johanna. She built this place from the ground up on all her own, with nothing but a few power tools and some buckets of paint. She painted all the yurts different colors, so they're like rainbow polka dots in the pristine snow, and with the lights on and smoke trailing out of the chimneys, they're damn near fantastical. Like a real-life fairytale. Before she did all this though, she was a journalist for the New York Times stationed in Kabul. A small group of militants kidnapped her and held her hostage, but when nobody came to rescue her - 'We don't negotiate with turr-er-ists', she mocks coldly - they let her go. In the middle of the Hindu Kush mountains. "And that's where the real story starts," she assures me. I think she thinks that I'll ask her to go on. It would be the friendly thing to do, after all. But I don't. I don't say anything. I don't care to know anything else about her, including how she made it back home, because I don't want her to ask me any personal questions and because I can already see that Johanna Mason is just like me. We survived something we know we shouldn't have and we're still trying to figure out if there is, in fact, a way to live after near-death, or if you're always trapped between the two. As far as I'm concerned, the jury's still out. Despite the down economy, Johanna's business is doing miraculously well, even in the winter. She needs someone who can do minor repairs, give directions to tourists, and in the spring, lead tours through Estes Park's numerous hiking trails. I take the job because really, what else am I doing? And where else would I go? She gives me a yurt to live in right next to hers and I immediately regret being so judgmental of these little houses. It's like living in a mushroom cap. They're surprisingly spacious and cozy on the inside, with a wood stove that doubles as a fire place in the dead center, and furniture all around. Mine just has a mattress and a stove, but Johanna's has all manner of odds and ends from her days as a reporter, including a small collection of decorative axes from all over the world. Eventually, I might add some personal things to mine too, but for right now, empty and small is all I want. Winter melts into spring, and nobody comes looking for me, not even Gale. I'm not sure they'd ever find me here, but I'd hear from someone if out-of-towners were asking about me. We don't have TVs and we're so high in the mountains that we don't even get radio reception. Johanna doesn't know I'm technically a missing person, but I think she suspects something. I have to be careful. I don't tell her anything. Not about the public housing I grew up in. Not the food stamps. Not the fire. Not the foster homes. And especially not about my family or Gale. She never asks either. Johanna is as sharp as those axes that hang on her walls, but I don't think she likes very many people to know it. In April we're booked to capacity and even though I don't like other people very much, I love talking to our guests. They come from all over the United States and beyond - families, business men, burn-outs, hikers, Mormons and even a guy Johanna and I suspect is part of a drug cartel. I take them on hikes, set up barbecues and bonfires, but mostly, I listen to their stories. I pretend I don't live in my skin. I pretend the scars on my back and arms washed away in those freezing rivers when I scrubbed myself raw, naked and blue-lipped in the snowy forest. I uneat those sunflower seeds. Reverse my car back to Boulder. Wrap myself in Gale's arms. Tuck myself into his bed. I go back to the start to find where things went so wrong and spend my nights solving the puzzle of how to get three people out of a burning building alive. I decide I don't need anything in my little house. Just me and my stove and my bed - and other people's lives dancing on the walls of my closed eyes like shadows. Like dreams. It's May when I meet Peeta Mellark, and I've spent a month wrapped in a warm blanket of escapism. But first, here's the truth: I don't trust men. I dread them. They're only ever greedy eyes and too many hands. I dread sex and the inevitable horror I will see on my partner's face when he discovers what I look like when