Bella P.O.V You're there by my side in every way. I know that you will not forsake me. I give you my life, I would not think twice. Your love is all I need believe me. We swayed slowly to the song other couples around us in the luxuriously designed gym. I tried to keep the tears from falling at what I knew was coming. Jacob looks down at me his tall muscular frame stares into my deep blue eyes. I may not say it as much as I should. When I saw I love you darling that means for good. So open up your heart and let me in. "Bella… you know if things were different." He said to me over the music as we swayed. I smiled as I looked up at my boyfriend well... ex- boyfriend. We broke up…or were breaking up. This was our last dance together and it wasn't even because of feelings. "I know Jacob… I get it. Besides it's a mutual decision." I said as I rested my head on his shoulder. And I will love you, till forever. Until death do us due part we'll be together. So take my hand and hold on tight. And we'll get there. This I swear. "I just wish this didn't have to happen… Maybe this is a good thing… You always said two people who were meant to be together always find their way back in the end." He whispered in my ear. I was wondering how I ever got by. Without you in my life to guide me. Where ever I go, one thing that's true. Is everything I do, I do for you. "I just… I hate how this is so beyond us." I said. "I know… you'll be my forever Bella. You just can't be my right now." He said his own voice cracking as if it just realized exactly what was happening. I may not say it half as much as I should, when I say I love you darling that means for good. So open up your heart and let me in. And I will love you, till forever until death due us part we'll be together so take my hand, and hold on tight, and we'll get there. This I swear. I let go of Jake's hand and I looked up at him. "Let's go." I said and he nodded. We leave the gymnasium that looked like a million bucks thanks to the fact that our school had funds like that and we walk in silence to Jake's car. He puts his jacket over my bare shoulders. When we got to the Audi he opened the butterfly door. I got in and he started speeding into the darkness of the night. I just stared out of the window as he was driving me home. The perfectly manicured neighborhood lawns of the gated community we lived in… and all I knew slowly zipping past me as everything became a blur in the night. Jake doesn't say anything and neither did I. When he gates to the big Iron gates that say DAWYER On it I all but cried. This would be my last night in my home. My childhood home Jacob drives up the long luxurious drive way and parks in front of my glass mansion of a house. My father designed this house. I turn over to Jacob and hand him his tuxedo jacket. I open the door and he smiles at me as I'm about to leave. "Hey Bella?" He said. "Yeah." "I really did love you." He said. I smiled before I leaned over and kissed him one last time. "Goodnight Jacob." I said. Before I got out of the car. My jimmy Choo heels taking me to the front steps of my door. I turned to look back at the black car and it sped off. "Ugh." I said in frustration as I entered my house. Bree walks down the stairs. My twin sister and my best friend in the entire world. "That bad huh." She said. My mom walks down the steps behind her as she takes the two of us in. We both don't say anything. We've been giving her the silent treatment for a little over a month now. She just sighed. "Are you guys seriously still not going to talk to me?" She asked as I slid off the heels and leaned against the knobs of the double doors. Bree just looked away and Phil walked into the room. "Girls." He scolded us softly but even he wasn't thrilled at what was occurring. "Stop being rude." He said softly. "We didn't even say anything." We both said in unison. Standing a united front. "Yeah that's kind of the problem." Said my mother before she sighed and walked away from the three of us when she was out of earshot my dad looked at us. "You guys could be a little bit nicer… her hands were tied." He defended her. "Dad all she had to do was say no." I said and my dad looked at me. "Bella she's 87 she wants to meet you guys." "She's got other grandkids." Bree said throwing her hands up in the air. "Or are you forgetting the story." She said cocking her head at him. "Look I don't want any attitude right now." He said. All my life Bree and I were daddy's little girls. But give attitude and your black credit card was being cut in half so quick you wouldn't even be able to blink. You must be confused. Well, I'll start at the very beginning. This all started seventeen years ago in a little town called Forks Washington. Where my mother moved her freshmen year of high school. There was a guy captain of some sports team couldn't remember the sport for the life of me. That she fell for. His name was Charlie Swan. Charlie Swan was the town golden boy got great grades, had lots of money got all the girls… and he was a "legacy". That meaning he had to marry someone just like him. Now don't get me wrong my mom had money… Just not the Charlie Swan kind. So when she went to him her senior year of high school and told him she was pregnant. He slid her the money for the abortion and told her it was over. My mother being the weirdo she was… Threw the money back in his face and spit in it too. Then she ran to the sunny state or Arizona for College while pregnant. She went to the doctor's office only to run into Phil Dawyer. A plastic surgeon. One of the best in the country to be exact. He looked into her eyes she looked into his and he knew that even though she was pregnant she would be his forever. He was right. He was there with my mother the rest of her pregnancy not caring that she was only seventeen and he was a good eight years older than her. My sister and I were born September 20th 1998 at Sunnybrook hospital in the sunny state of Arizona. Isabella and Breana Dawyer. We were their pride and joy. Although my dad didn't like it. My mother told Charlie of our birth. He in turn said she better not ask him for any money. So that was the end of that. I'd never met Charlie Swan last my mother heard the year we were born Charlie had another daughter too, from his wife… Sue. But other than that I really didn't know much about him. My mother didn't talk about him but I think it's because she never found the need too. I mean Phil has been my father since before I was born, why would I care about some man in some weird town? My sister saw it that way too. Plus when my mom married Phil she had way more money than Charlie Swan money. She had Phil Dawyer money. He wasn't a millionaire. He was a billionaire. His family dipped into real estate owned hotels and that was just family money. Dad wanted to be self-made but if he threw away his practice and decided to quit my mom wouldn't notice. My mom being the independent woman she is started her own makeup line. It took a lot since she wanted to do it without dad's money or her parents money. But it happened. And when we were three the line Dawyer launched and the rest is history. My sister and I grew up in this lavish lifestyle we were one small happy family. My father wanted no more kids and neither did my mother. My sister and I were absolutely fine with that. Everything was going great. Bree and I were co captains of the cheerleading team. Threw parties at the house or as my friends liked to call it. "The glass mansion." I was dating Jake and Bree was dating James. Life was fine, life was great. And then some old hag Elizabeth Swan spoke. Apparently my sperm donor Charlie Swan was having a conversation with his mother… Elizabeth about how he regrets his decision that he wasn't in our lives. SO the old fart decided to call my mom and turn on the " It's my dying wish" Bullshit. To meet her other grandkids. So my mom thought fine… I'll send them for a week she gets her wish and all is fine with the world… But no. Elizabeth wanted us to know Charlie she wanted us to get to know that side of the family. But what I didn't like was this whole. "Family." Thing. I had a family. My mom's side and my dad's side. We spend Christmas with my mom's parents and Thanksgiving with my dad's family and every year it alternated. It's been that way since before I was born. There was never any. Charlie Swan's family. We weren't family. " Is she even dying!?" Bree exclaimed the afternoon my mom and dad told us the bad news. " To be honest I don't really know." My mother said. " Dad." We said in unison looking at him he just shrugged. " I'm not really happy about you guys going to Charlie Swan's house… but it's been sixteen years we've all matured and… she wants to meet you guys." He said. " We can go for a week but that's as far as I'll go." I said. " Fuck that I'll go for a week… end." Bree said. My mom and dad both sighed. "They're not our family we're a family." She said gesturing to all four of us. " Aunt Nick, Uncle Luke cousin Jade, Cousin Margret. That's our family. I'm not spending my senior year away from my boyfriend in some small town In Washington dad all it does is rain there!" Bree yelled her face turning red. My mother passed her hand through her red-brown tresses. " I'm sorry guys but… it's only fair that… you at least meet them." She said. " But we've agreed that if it's really horrible… you can come back. But you have to try. You have to." My father said. " I hate you guys!" Bree yelled before she grabbed her duffel bag as she just came from cheerleading practice and disappeared into the main foyer where she'd go up the stairs. " Bella." My mother said softly. I just looked at her shaking my head before I ran up the steps. I'm taken out of my memory when my mother calls my name. "What?" I ask softly. "I'm sorry about you and Jake… I know he was supposed to be your forever." She whispered. "Whatever." I said as I started climbing the stairs. "Bella for what it's worth." My mom started. "Charlie Swan was supposed to be my forever too." Is all she said. I just looked at