Emmett is a 26 year old successful man with a four year old son who has pretty much given up on finding a woman who can love both him and his son for the right reasons. Bella is a 19 year old girl in her second year of college who has just started to get her life back on track and has been avoiding dating any more immature college guys. Bella works as a swimming instructor and when she meets her four year old student Nicholas' father Emmett Cullen they are smitten with each other as Bella proves to be to be the mother Nicholas never had and the lover Emmett never had and Emmett proves that not all men are the same and can love and be faithful. Together the two grow together, try to jump through obstacles that life throws them all while raising a four year old Nicholas and being the best they can be. Emmett P.O.V "And dad she even taught me how to float on my back like a starfish," Says Nicholas excitedly as he eats his honey nut cheerio's. He stumbles over some of his words as he's only four and his speech is obviously …. I don't know weird? Like most four year olds. I remember when he was a baby and all I wanted was for him to talk now I just wanted the kid to stop. He was talking about his new swim teacher. He seems to really like her as I just put him in classes so that he can have something to do. Nicholas wasn't really sociable with other kids ergo didn't really get out much. I knew he was only four and didn't need to social life of a 26 year old millionaire. But when he's at preschool his teacher tells me that he kind of just sits by himself and reads his books or plays Legos by himself. I asked him one night what it was all about and he said he didn't like playing with other kids because he didn't have a mom like most of the other kids did. He explained that whenever a kid fell down in tag they would say "I'll tell my mom" or when cookies or brownies were bought "Their moms made it" the word mom always came into the conversation and he said he would rather be by himself so he doesn't have to keep explaining he only has me. I knew that even though some of the kids at school have divorced parents they still have both of them. When I heard him explain he'd rather be by himself all the time because he didn't have a mom. I think you could hear my heart break in half as I looked into his blue eyes that tried to tell me this and be strong. Not knowing he was four years old and didn't have to be so strong. Nicholas didn't really cry or tell me how he felt about being mother- less. But it was clear he wanted a mother that would make him breakfast and cook him proper dinners. I wanted that for him too I wanted it for him so badly. The night he told me was the first time I cried in I think ten years. It was times like that; that I wished his mother wanted him. Carmen and I were college sweethearts. When she got pregnant with Nicholas at 22 she wanted to abort saying her life was just starting. I said hell no. My mother didn't believe in abortions and plus no one was killing my kin. Carmen had Nicholas but signed away all her legal rights twenty minutes after giving birth to him. She didn't even hold him. By law Carmen was never his mother and only ever had me. Whenever he asks me about his mom I tell him she's a nice lady who just couldn't be a mom. I don't lie to him. I would always tell the truth even if it hurt. I didn't tell him she wanted to abort him because four year olds don't need to know that kind of information. But if in the future Nicholas asks I would tell him. But I would also make sure he knows that I love him with all my heart and did the best I could to raise him even if it's not enough. I didn't just want to marry some woman and make her Nicholas' step mom. Nicholas was a smart four year old and new my act. He knew that if I was dating a girl I didn't really like it was for him which in return made him not like the women I brought home as they tried too hard. One girl even asked him to call her "Mom" I nearly had a heart attack and Nicholas was no better as he grabbed his teddy bear and stomped to his room for dramatic affect. Women lately I found have been with me for all the wrong reasons. They knew I was successful and wanted my money and tried to use Nicholas as a way of doing that one girl even paid him to pretend he liked her. That got me pissed I didn't want women using my son as bargaining chip to get to my heart so they can get to my money. Now I don't date. Everyone in my family tries to restore my faith by telling me there are women out there who want to date me for me. But honestly I believe otherwise. This upsets me isn't their someone out there I can date who would love me for me and my son for me and my son? Most of the women I dated ran away once they found out I had a son or pretended they liked kids but once around Nicholas it was a whole different ball game as they tried to shoo him away. I swore off women for the time being. It was just my son and I right now. Hopefully one day I would meet that special someone who would please the both of us. I put him in swimming to give him something extra to do but also because I had been working late lately and didn't want him spending hours at my parents' house playing by himself. I'd rather him try and get out more I was taking it one step at a time with the swimming lessons. "Dude you've been talking about your swimming teacher since yesterday morning," I say leaning on the kitchen island and looking at him curiously. He just blushes. I laugh throwing my head back. "Does someone have a little crush?" "NO!" he yells and I laugh more he gets even redder. Then he shakes his head. "Daddy Bella's really pretty," He says as he chews his breakfast very cutely. He had my dirty blonde hair and blue eyes. You just knew he was my son the older he got. I of course had to take a blood test when he was born as law required it if Carmen wanted to give him up. But I just knew I knew he was mine even when he was in her stomach I... felt it. "That's nice son," I say not really paying attention. "And she likes the same stuff you do daddy she likes reading that boring stuff and even has a tattoo of a quoo" He says. I smile. "William Shakespeare is not boring and the word is quote," I say shaking my head at my observant son. "But that's nice" "Yeah dad did I say she was pretty?" He asks and I narrow my eyes at him but he focuses on his breakfast. "Are you trying to set me up crazy guy?" I asks as I fix my Armani suit. He looks guilty like he's done something I sigh. "Sorry," He says quietly trying to hide the tears welling up in his eyes. I go down to his level and make him look at me. "Hey come on now. You know I'm not upset over that little man what's up," I say picking him up and placing him on the kitchen island. He like always blinks away his tears not letting one fall. "Sorry I just don't feel good sometimes because I know you don't have a wife and I know it makes you sad, It makes me sad because it's my fault my mama didn't like me" He explains. "Why do you think that makes me sad?" I ask him. "Because grandma Esme told grandpa that she thinks you're in dying need of a wife. She said you were dying daddy!" He wails throwing his hands in the air. I bite my lip to keep from laughing. I smile as I hug him. "I am not dying Nicholas it's a figure of speech," I explain. "What's that?" he asks I look at my watch. "It's just something adults do. And it is not your fault about your mom and I tell you that all the time. I love you and I'm not mad at you for anything. You think your old man can't get a date?" I ask and he giggles. I smile as I give him my fist. He pounds it and we do our handshake. "It's you and me buddy," I say and he nods giving me a "Yup" in return. "Good come on you can't be late for school don't want to see Mrs. Higgins again," I say and we both shudder at the same time. Mrs. Higgins was the school principal who had a crush on me. She was pretty this was true she was my age this was good. But HELL NO. she was a crazy motherfucker. She one time pulled Nicholas out of class and had him wait for me in her office just so she can ask me out to dinner. I always tell her I'm not interested she was creepy. She never stopped trying which is why I tried to avoid her often. I told my mother and she wanted to go down to the school and give her a word or two. But I didn't want any trouble for Nicholas so she didn't go in. I grab his back pack off the counter and we make our way to my black Ferrari. He gets in the passenger side and I zoom my way past traffic and into his school. When I pull up in front of the entrance and I see all the kids playing he sighs and rolls his eyes. He didn't want me to see that so I pretend I didn't. I hand him his back pack and smile. "Can you try and play with the other kids today? Just for a little bit?" I ask softly. He nods his head. "Ok daddy. You picking me up from swimming?" He asks I check my mental calendar and then nod. "Yup it's me today," I say. "Good because Aunt Rosalie always ends up taking me to the mall," he says in disgust and I laugh. He hops out of the car and runs into the yard. I watch him approach a group of boys asking to play. When they all start running around playing some sort of tag game, I deemed it safe to drive away. I sigh and then I bang my head against my seat in frustration as I pull up at a red light. This sucked I wish my inability to find someone didn't affect Nicholas so much. I grunt as I pull up in front of the office. I park in my usual spot and make my way upstairs to my office. As soon as I enter the building I'm bombarded with people asking me questions, reminding me of meetings and just flat out bothering me. But my best friend and brother in law Edward Cullen. "People, people give the man a break and a