YES YES I KNOW. I have no business writing another story when I have so many that I need to finish but. I NEEDED to write this I got so excited that I just couldn't stop and besides. Most of my stories should be done by the new year. I just really had to write this one. Don't hate me. REVIEW REVIEW REVIEW Emmett P.O.V And it's a long day livin' in Reseda There's a freeway runnin' through the yard I'm a bad boy 'cause I don't even miss her I'm a bad boy for breakin' her heart I watched as Jasper sang the song I had written for him on the stage in the bar. There were hundreds of people that came out to see him perform just like I knew there would be. I nodded my head softly to his perfect strumming of the chords. As I sat in the back corner alone with my bottle of beer. My blackberry pinging endlessly as it did ninety-five percent of the time. Jasper caught my eye and I smiled at him letting him know he was doing good, which he was. And I'm free, free fallin', fallin And I'm free, free fallin', fallin All the vampires walkin' through the valley They move west down Ventura Boulevard And all the bad boys are standing in the shadows And the good girls are home with broken hearts I was Jasper Cullen's agent/ Songwriter. I wrote every song he performed and I had single handedly created him. I don't mean that in a cocky way at all. Jasper was a talented kid who could sing but when he came to me. That was it. I'll never forget the day the young twenty year old kid broke into my house in New York through the fire escape. He told me everything. How he was literally just a kid that wanted to sing, and how if he didn't get signed to a record label in a few days he was going to drop everything and follow his fathers' wishes and go to school for medicine. He was desperate, panicked and his whole life depended on me in that moment. I once had a girlfriend who told me that I just tended to be in the wrong places at the wrong times, when I found her cheating on me. The day Jasper ended up in my penthouse apartment just happened to be one of those times. Part of me really doesn't understand why I said yes, or why I signed him in the first place. It was only later when I saw him strum that guitar that he refused to upgrade for a better one that I realized why. I saw myself in Jasper. The kid who literally just wanted to play his damn guitar all day and perform for people, who loved the feeling of hearing a song come to life… of hearing a crowd come to life. It was the reason why I left the small town Forks when I was sixteen and moved to New York. "He's so hot." I heard a girl say in the back as she recorded Jasper sing. I smiled and continued to lose myself in my thoughts. I was sixteen and I loved music and all I wanted to do was sing for people. I lived in a small town in Forks Washington. To an alcoholic asshole for a father and a mother who was so kind it was her main fault, music was my way out and when I performed in Seattle one night and a man approached me about a record deal. I nearly drove myself out to New York. The label just wanted to meet me… see how they liked me, see what I sang, how I sang it, how I spoke. No one ever thought they'd sign me that day… but they did. I never went back to Forks my mother flew to and from to care for me, because well I was a minor and to be honest. Me getting signed wasn't just a break for me… but a break for her too. Those days with me in New York were the only times I saw my mother genuinely happy… because my father wasn't there of course. A Year of playing in crappy bars and crowds who didn't really care about what I was singing and I left my label and joined a new one. That changed my life. I was seventeen about to turn eighteen when my first album would drop with my new label and something I never thought to happen… happened. My name was everywhere my music was everywhere and I had gotten my first platinum album. After that everything was a whirlwind. World tours, and award shows, and celebrity parties and celebrity girlfriends … somewhere in all the touring and the primping and prodding of my image I … lost my song. I lost the urge to sing. It came to a point where I wouldn't show up to shows, obviously my publicists would tell them I came down with something. They'd never tarnish my image. I made the label too much money for them to allow myself to destroy what people think of me. It was my fourth platinum album that I let my label know I would be leaving as my contract was done. It wasn't a shock to anyone at the label… but even though my actions proved that I hated what I was doing… It was a shock to me. This is what I always wanted and I was just walking away from them after years and singles of success. It became a big deal in the media, people thought I was leaving to join a new label, or that I had problems with the people there. But in actuality to this day Aro Volturi the man who signed me, became a real father figure and changed my life for most part the better. Still always says that I could go back to the label whenever I want to start making music again. I'll never forget when I told him I was leaving. " You know Emmett… Sometimes this happens. Fame is different. You come with something your passionate about something that makes you feel whole and then somewhere in all the glitz and glamour you wonder what the fuck you're doing in another hotel room living a life that lost it's purpose… It's a common story for people like us. Anytime you find the drive to sing again don't hesitate to call me. Don't hesitate to call me for anything… you know I'm here if anything." Aro was right about one thing. It's a common story for people like us. I always tried to sing again or even tried to write a song for me again but it just didn't work. I still loved music which is why I started my own record label with Aro's help and would sign people I obviously thought were talented. But Jasper was the first person out of all the teeny bopper kids I had signed that looked just like him that I really actually saw something in. I signed him because I didn't want him to lose his song like I did. Like so many people do. I'm taken out of my thoughts when there's an eruption of applause and I clap also and leave my table of one to go meet Jasper back stage. He takes his guitar off and hands it to his assistant. "How was it." "It was great." I said as I fiddled through my blackberry. "Did you see what I did at the end with the chords?" He asked excitedly as we walked through the back entry way with his security team to ward of the crazy fans. Girls were screaming as we exited. Jasper being a 24 year old playboy who got distracted by anything he could stick his dick into stops listening to me to sign autographs of hot girls passing by. I rolled my eyes and when he was done taking numbers he came over to me and I rolled my eyes. He laughed. "Man I'm only going to be 24 once." "You said the same thing when you were 23 for a year. Grow up." I said looking at my phone. He just laughed as we got on the tour bus and he passed out on the comfy leather chair. Propping his feet on the glass table. "Alright man lay it on me." He said. "Next show is in Connecticut and then the one after that is in Washington that's where I'll meet you two and we'll get on the plain to start the second boot of the tour." I informed him while his assistant got that all in her blackberry because even though I told him. Jasper would not remember. His assistant Alice was his entire brain. "Alice did you get that?" He asked softly. She giggled looking at him passed out. "Yes Jasper I did." She said going over to the mini fridge and handing him his favorite drink. He opened it and looked at her. "You're a gem Mrs. Brandon sent from heaven to guide and protect me." He said tiredly as he looked at her. She was blushing and I rolled my eyes again. "Don't I know it." Alice said softly before she disappeared to her room on the bus. Jasper grunted as he took a gulp of the energy drink. "Do you know I rub it out to her every night? I'm Jasper fucking Cullen a rock star I could have every girl I want but here I am masturbating to my assistant that won't give me the time of day." He groaned on the couch. "Have you tried asking her out?" I said like it was the most obvious answer. "No… But she told the hooker of a wardrobe lady that she could never date me cause I'm a "Play boy" He said making quotations around playboy. "Well you are." I said bluntly. "So!" He said annoyed. I again rolled my eyes. "Anyways. I'll be leaving now hopefully when I see you in Washington your ego will be gone." I said getting up and slapping him behind his head. To which he just grunted. I left the tour bus and went to my Lamborghini that was parked right beside it. I got in and immediately called back the missed call I had. "Hey asshole where've you been." Said Tanya's voice. I chuckled as I started to back up and speed down the street. "Believe it or not I've been busy." "Whatever. Is it true your coming back to town?" She asked. "No I'm going to Seattle to sign a girl group and that's it." "Don't be a dick… come see me." She said as I heard screaming in the background. "Mommy Tara hit me!" "Tara don't hit your brother." Tanya yelled at her daughter before she put the phone back to her ear to talk to me. I laughed. "How are my godchildren?" "Their pains in the ass and you're a horrible god father. You never see them." "I know I know." I mumbled rolling my eyes. "I mean it Emmett you better come see me and for more than four hours." Was all she said before she hung up the phone? I laughed shaking my head as I hung up the phone. My ex-girlfriend Tanya was seriously something. She was my first love and first girlfriend really we broke up when it was obvious to both of us that I was never coming home. We tried to make it work I would fly her down to New York. She even lived with me at a point. But it didn't last long. Tanya loved Forks and she always would. Forks is where she's meant to be. And I was in New York where I thought I was meant to be, and even