Sweat trickled down my forehead and I blinked a few times to keep it out of my eyes. My legs pounding onto the ground, my lungs burning from the effort. "Come on Àgnes, just another mile!" My training partner Alexander encouraged me. Pushing myself and advancing on him I kept going on. I had to be faster, better, stronger. I slowed my ritme as I heard the beeping of Alexanders watch a little behind me. I made it! We both stopped and supported our hands on our knees, panting like crazy. "That...pant... was..pant..torture!" I exclaimed. Alexander just nodded in agreement. "You look like shit girl." Alexander lauged. I looked up and saw him grinning at me, his shirt clining to his abs, his dark brown hair a mess and his face as red as a tomato. "Likewise tomatohead." We both burst out in laughter and slowly walking in the direction of my home, Alexander swinging his arm over my shoulder. "I should watch out for you now, you just went right past me there. You're getting better at this. Tomorrowmorning I'm joining you in your training. Maybe Andràs can teach me a few more moves I can test on you." He winked as I nudged him in the ribs. It was always like this, trying to outdo each other on every aspect of our trainings. Tomorrow morning before our first day of school we would be receiving training in martial arts combat and last time Alexander joined me, I tottaly kicked his butt and he still couldn't believe it! I gulped on my water bottle and passed it onto him. I watched the green forest around us and instantly felt more relaxed. I inhaled deeply and closed my eyes. "I love it here." I muttered while leaning against Alexander a little more. "Yeah it's quiet. No arguments, no troubles, no noises, no pressure. Just us." I looked up at him and saw him smiling down on me. Me being my short 5"4 and him being 6". The forest was the only place where we had peace and as soon as we stepped out if it, it would be over. I looked up at his cocky grin from my position on the ground and scowled. I would take him down and whipe that grin off his face! I took him down with a double leg takedown I learned from wrestling. Once he was down I straddled him and moved on with a ground 'n pound, him covering his face to protect himself. He knew not to provoke me! "Allright that's enough. Àgnes! Enough!" Andràs shouted dragging me off Alexanders body having me in a tight hold, his arms under my armpits. I was panting hard trying to control my anger and adrenaline. This is what we did everytime. Get me pumped up on anger and adrenaline so I could fight with all my strength because I was too much of a teddy bear when I had to fight the people I knew. I went through some calming breathing techniques with my training while Alexander flipped himself off the ground. "You've got some spike today! I like it!" Alexander laughed while rotating his right shoulder which I planted a hard blow on just a couple of minutes ago. When I was finally calmed down Andràs let me go and ruffled trough my hair giving me a wink. "Good job you two. Go hit the showers or you'll be late for school." We both dashed for our towels and exited the training basement under my house trying to slap eachother with the towels. "No slapping towels! You'll murder my vases!" My mother shouted from the kitchen when we entered the hallway. "Sorry Mrs. Almàssy!" Alexander exclaimed, popping his head into the kitchen. He could be such a suck up, I shook my head and quickly grabbed an apple before sprinting up the stairs to get my more than deserved shower. "Oh Alex you know you can just call me Cecìla. You practicly grew up with our little Àgneska. You can take the shower downstairs, I already put some towels up for you." I heard my mom talking to him affectionatly. My mom just adored Alexander, I couldn't blame her really. He was the perfect gentleman when he needed to be, always protected me even when we were just kids and ofcourse the dominant reason, he helped my father with bussines. Trying not the think about it I turned up the shower to get it hot, took some clothes out of my walk-in closet and peeled of the sweaty garments off my body scrunching my nose up. Egh I stinked after that two hour training! I quickly entered the steamy shower and washed my dark blond locks that just reached under my ribs. It was annoying to wash and detangle but when i fought i could use it as a weapon! It just slapped someone in the face when they were too close. I giggled to myself as I remember how many times Alexander got slapped with it. I quickly dryed myself and put on my dark blue skinny jeans, a pastel pink tank top and a black fitted vest and left it open. I rummaged through my shoes and found my black high heel ankle boots. I just dried my hair a little bit and put it up into a high pony tail, finishing the look by applying some mascara and clear lipgloss already having my silver studs in my ears. I smiled at my reflection and skipped down the stairs. "Took you long enough pompàs." Alexander smirked with his arms crossed infront of his chest. I smacked up on the arms when I passed him. He always called me gorgeous to tease me, eventhough a small part of me knew he was serious about it. He always knew to put comments like that into our conversations. I liked him, but he was like family for me and I hated to disappoint him but I never commented on it. I kissed my mom goodbye as she handed me my black schoolbag. "Love yah mom!" I shouted while running past Alexander and out of the door towards his car. He had just purchased the latest car out, a Chevrolet corvette stingray in a nice red. He opened the passenger door for me and I slid into the leather seat waiting for him to reach his side of the car. "So what classes are you taking this year? Don't tell me you're taking the same classes as me again, if so, I am going to scream ." I told him arching my right brow looking at him scepticly while he was just laughing. "Don't worry I talked about it with your father and he has agreed to give you some breathing space. I'll be focusing myself on the more technical classes so I can be more usefull to your dad. So don't worry about school and just go enjoy yourself with classes, I worked my ass off to let your dad approve of your new classes." He winked at me and returned his gaze at the road. I smiled and thanked him for the effort. This year I was finally able to choose what I would be learning in school. Ofcourse I still had the manditory classes I had to take on insistence of my father but I was able to take on art, cooking and history. I hoped this year would be a great year, I wanted to have fun at school and just be a normal teen. Even if that was hardly possible I would like to have that illusions when I was in school. As we arrived at the grand brick buildings that formed our school I immediatly noticed two cars I had never seen before. That meant one thing. New kids. Ugh I seriously did not want to go through this again. At least with the kids born and raised here everybody knew everything about everybody. The new kids would ask questions and then the judgemental glances would start. Not that I didn't get them now but it would just be a pain in the butt. Alexander squeezed my hand in a comforting manner and motioned his head towards the school. I sighed and climbed out of the vehicle. I glanced at my schedule and waved at Alexander when we parted ways when I got my books out of my locker. First up would be Spanish AP class, dad insisisted i would continue Spanish so I could improve the little things eventhough I was fluent enough having been learned Spanish from a young age. My parents insisted I could converse in the native toungue of our "friends" and bussines partners. So far I could speak Spanish, Italian, Russian, Romanian and ofcourse my mother tongue Hungarian. I took my seat at the back of the class and started doodling in my notebook as classmates started filing in. I looked up when the teacher ask for our attention and told us we had new students attending our school. I might think it was a bother, but that didn't mean I wasn't curious. I leaned a little to the left so I could look at the new students. A tall guy with messy bronze hair, caramel colored eyes, pale skin and a small smile dressed in jeans and a grey shirt introduced himself as Edward Cullen. Next to him was smaller girl with the wavy bronze locks, fair skin and chocolate brown eyes, she introduced herself as Renesmee Cullen, Edward's sister. I just had one word. WAUW! Holy shit they looked gorgeous! Was it even legal to look that good? And their voices! Halleluja! Talk about perfect genes! Oh shit! They're coming this way, breathe Àgnes breathe. I gave them a small smile as they took seat on eather side of me. The girl immediatly showed a big grin and waved at me. She leaned towards me and introduced herself. I didn't want to deny it, but I think I would like this girl. I introduced myself and told her that if she had any questions she didn't have to hesitate to ask me. I may not associate with a lot of people and I may not have a lot friends, but that didn't mean I'm a bitch. I actually really like a lot of people in this school, it was just better if I didn't make any friends. It would be a lot safer for them. As the teacher just told us that we could introduce ourselves and tell about our summers in groups, preferably in Spanish, Renesmee insisted I formed a group with her brother and her. I accepted as I knew no one would willingly form a group with me anyway. I soon learned they moved here from Washington and that their father was the new doctor at the hospital. They were also adopted and had 3 sisters and 2 brothers that were foster children and adopted. That's a whole house full! But Renesmee insisted that was really nice to have so many siblings. Their mother must have her hands full with the lot! As they asked about my summer I only told them about our short vacation to Hungaria and a week stay in Florence, Italy. The rest wasn't something they had to know. As the bell rang the signal the end of the period I bid my goodbye to the siblings but was halted at the door by Renesmee. "Can we exchange numbers? In case I have some questions, and to meet up ofcourse!" She beamed at me. Oh I would hurt myself with doing this but it wouldn't hurt to have one friend, right? I just hoped she wouldn't dump me after she heard all the stories about me. I gave her my phone and she quickly typed her number in it. I sent her text so she would have my number as wel and waved at her