Story line broadened from part of Let me be the one by LOTRFaith on / the first 8 or so chapters maybe…. This story is about Legolas's fictional childhood fear of the dark, I decided to rewrite the small excerpt in the story where Legolas and his friend fall down into a cave, and make it into a whole story. This will be one post, because I am very new to this and I do not know how to make it in chapters… J oh well… let us get started… Aragorn woke to the startling screams of Legolas. He bolted out of bed and ran to his best friend and constant companion's room. Legolas was drenched in sweat and screaming in fear. It was another nightmare. "Legolas. Legolas! LEGOLAS‼ WAKE UP‼" Aragorn yelled shaking his friend in horror. To no avail, Aragorn grabbed a cup of water and threw it in Legolas's face. Legolas jolted awake. He started gasping for air, unable to catch his breath. Aragorn rubbed him on the back until his breathing returned to normal. "Legolas, please tell me what the dream was about." Aragorn pleaded. This was the third time this week Legolas had woken up the household with his screams. Legolas shook his head, pretending not to remember. Legolas glanced around Aragorn noticing Elrond, Elladen, and Elrohir staring at him. Elrond walked over to the bed. "Legolas please tell us what the matter is. These nightmares must stop!" Elrond commanded. "I can't remember." Legolas lied, glancing away for just a second, long enough for Aragorn to notice. Aragorn made a mental note to come back later and question his friend. Slowly everyone left the room going back to their well-needed sleep. Aragorn stayed, waiting until he heard the three doors down the hall "Legolas, what is bothering you?" Aragorn asked. "It's nothing." Legolas replied not looking at Aragorn. "Something must be bothering you! You do not normally wake up in the middle of the night screaming! I've not gotten enough sleep for almost three weeks!" Aragorn said probingly trying to get Legolas to tell. "I am fine! Go back to sleep." Legolas said quickly shoving Aragorn off the corner of his bed, glaring at him. "Fine! I'm here when you're ready to talk." Aragorn said leaving the room and blowing out the candle. As he was blowing out the candle, he heard a faint whimper coming from Legolas. He glanced back at Legolas who was staring off into the distance. "Elves…" he muttered to himself, as he left the room. Aragorn climbed back into bed and fell asleep. A couple hours later, he heard something coming from Legolas's room. Quickly he got up and quietly eased himself into the room. Legolas was shaking his head from side to side… kind of talking in his sleep gradually getting louder. "Leave me alone…Leave me alone. No. No. NO‼ LEAVE ME ALONE NO NO‼ LET ME OUT OF HERE! NOOOOOOOO‼" he started screaming again. "NOOOOOOOOOOOO‼LEAVE ME A-LO- AAAAAAAAAAAAA!" a high pitched scream stopped his yelling as he started thrashing wildly back and forth on the bed his eyes rolling into the back of his head with fear, trying to escape whatever was chasing him. Aragorn could not stand watching it any longer and tried his best to wake him up, shaking him and calling his name. Finally, Legolas awoke and just sat there clinging to Aragorn sobbing with fear. "Hush…..hush…." Aragorn soothed Legolas rubbing him on the back. He tried in vain to stop the sobs that were generating from the elf's body. Legolas's chest rose and fell with irregular gasping breaths as he tried to catch his breath. Choking on his saliva, he started coughing which only intensified the sobs. Aragorn was heartbroken by what he had just witnessed, never before had he seen his friend that scared. Finally, the sobs stopped and Legolas breathing became normal. Slowly his eyes glazed over and he fell back into a more peaceful sleep. Aragorn decided to stay with him for the rest of the night, pulling over a chair by his bedside. The next morning at breakfast no one spoke. Not wanting to talk of what had happened last night. After breakfast, Legolas walked out into the garden, remembering the dream he had last night. #his remembered dream He was walking down a long black corridor made of stone, there was a dripping sound coming from all around him. He could not see so all he could do was feel his way down the corridor hopping not to cut his hands on the rocks. Then he heard it a soft voice calling to him… "Legolas…. Legolas… I will find you Legolas...," the voice said softly but still in a frightening tone… "Leave me alone…." Legolas said trying to block out the sound… "Oh Legolas when will you ever learn… I will not ever leave you alone for I am the-"the voice stopped not telling him what it was… "Just leave me alone!" he commanded. Suddenly the voice creature brushed past him… sending a cold chill down his back… the voice laughed menacingly…. "I WILL NEVER LEAVE YOU ALONE‼‼," the voice screamed shaking the walls of the corridor… Legolas started running…. "No No‼! " Legolas screamed running away. "You know you can't out run me…. The voice said right next to him… the walls of the corridor started to change until Legolas was confined into a box… then a rope ladder appeared…. It continued up the box and out of sight. Legolas grabbed it and started to climb… as he climbed the voice laughed to its self and waited until Legolas was about seven feet in the air before grabbing his leg. "LET ME OUT OF HERE‼!" Legolas screamed trying to shake the endless grip on his leg… "NO‼‼" he screamed as the being started to pull him down… the ground had turned into a black swirling liquid that looked like it would swallow him…. "LEAVE ME ALO- AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA‼‼!" he screamed as the creature pulled him from the ladder… he grabbed the ladder and tried to hold on with all his might… to no avail… the creature pulled him down his screams were muffled by the dark liquid that morphed into fabric as he woke up…. # End dream Legolas, curled in a ball quivering with fear, on a garden border rocking back and forth was quietly crying. He tried to rid his mind of the horrible dream. Aragorn found him. "Legolas!" Aragorn cried when he saw his friend in his present state. Aragorn knelt next to him and stared into his horror stricken eyes. "Legolas tell me what is going on‼!" he demanded but Legolas realizing what was happening, jumped up, and ran from the garden. He had to get away. He had to leave, had to get away from the horrible dream. He grabbed his bow and arrow and his two knives ran out of the gates of Rivendell, crashed through the river, and ran into the forest. Aragorn grabbed his sword and followed him out of Rivendell. "Legolas‼" Aragorn screamed over and over walking through the forest that suddenly, he tripped on something. "Aaaaaaugh‼" Aragorn screamed as he fell into a deep pit.…. Once he regained his senses and adjusted to the darkness. Still not able to see but with his fingers he searched on the ground for his sword. Before finding his sword, he came across a smaller dagger. He picked it up and ran his hand up and down the hilt. It was one of Legolas's swords. "Oh no…." he thought to himself. Legolas had fallen down into the pit too. However, no it was not a pit. It was a cave. A tunnel jutted off to his right and once locating his sword, he followed the tunnel. He found a spare match in his pocket and lit it. Hopping there was no wind in the tunnel. He walked down the path. He noticed the dripping sound. There was definitely a stream or lake in here. Then he heard it. A faint whimper was coming from down the tunnel. He followed the sound and as he drew closer, it got louder. He accidentally kicked a stone across the ground. Legolas yelped in fear. "Who-whose-th-th-there?" he asked terrified. "Legolas?" Aragorn asked not coming around the corner yet for fear it was not him. "H-ho-ow- d-do y-y-ou-u know m-my name?" Legolas asked warily. "Legolas it's me Aragorn." Aragorn said coming around the corner. What he saw terrified him. Legolas, curled in a fetal position on the floor, looked almost deathly white. A wound on his arm bleeding and his ankle looked like it was broken… all twisted out of shape. There were tear streaks clearing paths in the dirt on his face. In addition, his eyes were all red and puffy. The wound on his arm, bound with part of his shirt was still bleeding. Just then, the match went out. Legolas screamed a horrible blood-curling scream… and started to sob and yell. "Noooooooooooooooo‼! Leave me alone‼‼ LET ME OUT!‼ ADA‼‼NANA‼‼ HELP‼‼‼‼‼ AAAAAAAAAAAAAAA‼‼‼!" he screamed clawing at the wall trying to get out. He started sobbing so strongly that Aragorn was afraid he would die of suffocation. Finally, after many failed attempts Aragorn was able to relight the match. Nevertheless, Legolas continued to scream and sob. Aragorn pulled him into a tight embrace being careful of his arm, and rocked him back and forth rubbing his back trying to calm him. Legolas was shaking all over. Aragorn felt his heart beat. It was beating so fast. The sobs quickly turned into gasping cries, as Legolas struggled to breath. Aragorn rubbed him on the back and tried to calm him down, speaking softly in elfish. *translation* "Hush… be quiet… nothing is going to hurt you hush now hush… shhhhhh." Slowly Legolas stopped gasping and was able to fill his lungs with the much-needed air. Quietly Aragorn dreadfully asked the question. "Are you afraid of the dark Legolas?" he asked unsure of what the outcome would be. "No… it's the voices in the dark. They want to get me and pull me into their swirling abyss." Legolas said more sobs threatening to come. "What voices?" Aragorn asked. "The voices of the dead…." His voice trailed off and his body started to shake. More horrific sobs protruded from his body. He shook in fright. Just then, the match burned down to Aragorn's fingertips. Aragorn jerked back, from the burn and the match went out. Legolas tried to scream but Aragorn instinctively put his head over Legolas's mouth, stifling the scream. He did not want to hear another one of those blood curling screams… Immediately he realized that was a bad idea. As Legolas continued to scream through his hand frantically trying to remove the hand and get away. Legolas bit Aragon's hand and was able to get out of his grasp. He scrambled back to the wall. Where even in the dark Aragon could tell he was staring at him with the fear of a child in his eyes. There was no reasoning with him now. Aragon found another match and amazingly a candle in his bag. He lit the candle and held it seeing Legolas curled in a ball against the wall shaking and rocking back and forth while staring at Aragorn with a fear in his eyes that Aragorn had never seen before. Aragorn came closer and Legolas tried to move away. He realized that he was trapped in a corner. He let out a scream. Aragorn covered his ears. Then remembering how he had woken his friend from a dream before with water. He took out his canteen. He opened it, outstretched his arm, and poured the cool water on Legolas's head. Legolas's normal glow to his eyes slowly returned. A flashback of the past hour or so played though his head. He realized how inhumane he had been acting. "I'm sorry….." he said quietly not daring