Dear Lover, Dear Enemy – Summary: When Hermione suggests Harry writes his feelings down, he obeys and confesses in a random journal he discovered in his dorm. But it turns out, this journal can reply—and it has a lot to say. HPxLV Contains an AU of Chamber of Secrets. Not compliant with HBP or DH. WARNING: Contains memories of child abuse and self-harm and SLASH. / Some things that you should know: Okay, so the AU of Chamber of Secrets is simple. Instead of Ginny being the one unknowingly releasing the Basilisk, a fifth year Slytherin does it. Harry destroys the Basilisk, but has no idea about Tom Riddle's diary. Now, something I want to add to help understand the story, is that Voldemort is linked to his younger self's diary. He knows what happens within it. Remember, this is SLASH. / Harry Potter was not someone who ranted. He kept everything locked up, as tightly as he could. His mental walls were impenetrable. And although you could use Legilimency to browse his mind, he would never voluntarily rant or let anything out. Maybe he would rant, if he wasn't declared the Boy-Who-Lived. Since he was everyone's "Golden Boy" he refused to come off as anything less. Voldemort would close in eventually, and he couldn't risk letting his guard down. He didn't want to come off as weak. Not just because Voldemort would find it easy to strike, but because his own memories restrained him. Harry couldn't be weak. He couldn't afford it. Every time the option of venting came up, he pushed it away. A strong façade is what he needed to focus on, and nothing else. He was the boy cursed with a lightning shaped scar. He was the boy abused as a child. He was the boy "destined" to defeat Voldemort. He was the boy, that was just that—a BOY . Not a man, not a superhero. He was young, but the weight of saving the whole wizarding world was thrust upon his shoulders. Harry never asked for it; he didn't WANT it. Sometimes he thinks about his parents. How they should have let him die, and not sacrificed themselves. He was entering his sixth year. After discovering Order of the Phoenix, the weight upon his shoulders doubled. And it did not help that HE had killed his godfather. HIM, and him alone, had been the cause of his only remaining family member's death. Harry gave up then. He submitted to the world, but kept his walls up. He continued pretending as the role he was forced to play. He let the world dub him as their savior, the only one that could defeat the darkness. But he didn't want it; he never did. Hermione had suggested something interesting that morning. She knew how he didn't rant, or confess personal matters. She gave him the idea of jotting his thoughts down in a journal. Harry disagreed with the idea, not wanting to risk his reputation. But throughout the day, the option sounded more and more tempting. As he had been returning to his dorm after a particularly exhausting school day, he spotted something on his bed. He frowned in confusion and curiosity, eyes locked on the object as he approached it. It was a book. Not just any book, but a journal. Harry could sense the magic coming from it, and the power it held. He wondered why it was on his bed too. Maybe he was supposed to touch it, and it'd kill him? It sounded paranoid, but he never knew what to expect with Death Eaters and traitors roaming the Earth. Nonetheless, he reached a hand out and touched the leathery journal. He sighed in relief when nothing happened. He grasped ahold of the journal and picked it up, while plopping onto his bed. He flipped through the book, frowning in bewilderment as he only saw blank pages. 'Maybe Hermione put it here,' he thought with a soft smile. That girl was always concerned for his wellbeing, and it felt nice. Though it was annoying at times, it made him feel cared about. Harry sighed exasperatedly, finally deciding to write in the journal. He plucked a quill from his bag, along with a small container of ink. He dipped the quill's tip into the ink, making sure he didn't spill it, and began writing. "Dear journal (because diary sounds gay)—" "I agree." Harry went rigid, watching open mouthed and wide eyed as the two words wrote themselves across the parchment. Did his new journal just REPLY to him? "How are you replying?" Harry finally wrote. "Magic," it replied simply. Harry stared for a moment, until he finally gave a response. "Are you just an enchanted journal then?" he asked, quill shaky. "No," it wrote. "I am a past living person with control over his journal." Harry blinked in surprise and confusion. Someone with control over a journal? But that left yet another question— "Are you dead then?" the boy scribbled. It hesitated before it scrawled its own answer. "For the most part." "Well that sure helps my confusion," Harry wrote absentmindedly. "What do you mean for the most part? Who are you?" "I'm not answering those questions. My identity doesn't matter. Who are YOU?" "It matters here," Harry protested, quill flying across the old parchment. He was beyond intrigued now. "I won't say my name either then. I'm writing in this journal for a reason, you know. I'm going to rant, which means no one can know who I am, and find out my opinions." "And why would it matter if someone discovers your opinions?" Harry paused, about to reply when the words continued appearing. "Are you being controlled? Tsk, tsk. Not such a way to live life." "Got that right," the teenager scribbled. "Can't help it. I've got too many expectations." "Maybe I could help?" "Nice try," Harry jotted down with a slightly amused smile. "Not going to give myself away." "It was worth a shot." "If you're 'partly alive' then do you know what goes on in real life?" the curious boy couldn't help but ask. "Yes. Quite an interesting war taking place." Harry found its sudden musing suspicious. "What do you think of the war?" "I think it's stupid," Harry replied bluntly. The journal didn't write anything back for a moment. "And why is that?" it finally wrote. Harry sighed, finally letting it go. He was finally going to rant about his opinion of the war. And no one would know, except for this strange being. "Because it's useless. By the time it ends, it won't be worth it. Too many lives will be wasted and lost. The so called 'light side' is just as controlling as the 'dark side'. Dumbledore may as well be as bad as Voldemort when it comes to controlling people. And besides, the 'light side' is always forcing things. The Ministry calls three spells the Unforgivable curses, when many other spells are just as harmful, or worse. For example, Voldemort tends to cast the Killing curse often. Whereas others could be completely merciless and cast torturing or humiliating spells for long periods of time, and never put the poor souls out of their misery. "The 'light side' is always urging people to fight for them. Why is it so difficult for people to be neutral in this damn war? I don't want anything to do with it. Though revenge on some people would be nice," Harry wrote, hand surging across the parchment. He was relieved to be getting this off his chest. "Interesting opinion," words appeared onto the once-blank parchment. "You seem to have no problem saying Voldemort's name." "Neither do you," Harry wrote back with a tiny smirk. "And I didn't SAY it. I wrote it." "Point taken, boy," it replied. The teenager paused for a moment, eyes narrowing at the text. "How do you know I'm a boy?" he scribbled nervously. Part of him feared that it knew his identity. At first, the journal didn't respond to him. The young wizard grew nervous, as the seconds dragged on. Finally, just as he was about to write again, words began appearing across the inky page. "I can sense who is touching the journal," it explained. "I can sense your emotions and thoughts, but not memories. Who are you?" Harry blinked in shock, rereading the explanation over and over again. How did this make any sense? "I'm still not saying," Harry finally scrawled down on the parchment. "That's cool, though. What's my favorite color?" "I cannot just tell your favorite things." "You don't have to, duh! You said you can sense thoughts, sooo what color am I thinking is my favorite?" he asked. "Scarlet." "That's AWESOME. What's my favorite animal?" the boy wrote, an impressed smile lighting his features. "Stag." "Favorite food?" "Everything." Harry laughed aloud at that one. Ron seemed to be having an impact on him. "Damn, you seem to read my thoughts very well then." "Yes. Don't make me pry information from you." "Did you know I can tell you're curious and amused?" Harry wrote with a little laugh. He wasn't lying. It seemed that the journal's connection with him was shared. While the person behind the journal could sense his thoughts, Harry could sense his as well. "How is that?" it queried after a few moments. "I dunno. Guess it works both ways. HA! You think I'm interesting!" "This is intriguing," the being responded. "It works both ways… and yet it never has for anyone else." "I've been told I'm an exception to most problems," the raven-haired boy scribbled down, a soft smile on his face. This was actually fun. "Or the cause of them." "That too." Harry perked up when he heard two pairs of footsteps. He quickly stashed his journal under his pillow, and pulled the curtains around his bed. He kept completely silent, not in the mood to socialize. Ron would most likely come up and try to start a conversation, and he wasn't in the mood. He heard a few muffled voices, and the dorm's door open. He quickly feigned sleep, subconsciously stroking the leathery journal under his pillow. He felt the journal's energy, and the writer's confusion. It was most likely waiting for a response from a message Harry hadn't read yet. Harry relaxed when he heard the voices quiet down. He let out an inaudible breath at the sound of rustling sheets, and a couple good night's being said. He recognized Ron's voice, and was relieved that the redhead hadn't tried sparking a conversation. When he was sure no one would pay attention to him, the teenager sneakily reopened the journal, and read its messages. "I can sense your anxiety, in case you don't know that." "I know you're there." "If you are going to hoard my journal, at least tell me when you won't reply." Harry huffed silently at all its messages. "Chillax. A couple people just walked into my dorm." "Chillax? And you are in a dormitory?" "Yes, old man, I'm in a dorm," Harry answered. "And chillax is 'chill' and 'relax' combined. Duh." "Oh, excuse my incompetence. How selfish of me to not know what chillax means," it responded sarcastically. "You're forgiven," he replied cockily. "Wait, how are you able to be sarcastic if you're a journal?" "I'm not just a journal. I'm a living human. I simply have control over this journal." Harry smiled, looking back at their conversation. He thought for a moment, considering the journal—no, the writer's words. "That's cool." "Indeed." There was a pause until Harry yawned and finally wrote, "I'm tired and it's almost an hour past curfew. G-bye." "Curfew? Where are you, a school?" "Yup." "G-bye?" "IT MEANS GOODBYE. And G-NIGHT." "G-night. I will figure out who you are eventually." "Sure you will," the Potter boy replied tiredly, giving yet another yawn. He finally closed the journal when he received no response. He made sure to put away