Happy birthday to badpostfeltson on twitter! Here's to hoping you have a great year. Everyone should head on over and check out her kickass Dramione/Feltson moodboards. They're AMAZING. Here's the description of what she wanted: "hermione getting married and draco sort of stopping her or something? hahahaha that's so cliche but i love it." Well, without further ado, here we go: a Muggle AU, post boarding school. / It hits him straight in the gut when his girl breaks up with him after only a month of dating, if that's what they were doing; makes him wonder whether he was delusional in thinking she was his girl in the first place. But what's worse is that she breaks up with him and ends up going back to her stupid ex boyfriend at the same time. Said stupid ex boyfriend, McLaggen, went down on his knee, and ruined Draco's elaborate plans to get Granger back by asking her to marry him. Which is how Draco finds himself, in a club in Diagon Alley, drowning himself in whiskey and gin. In his inebriated state, he's lost all sense of control and purpose, as he tells the bartender all the sad details of his little sob story. This particular club is owned by one of Draco's roommate slash best friend from boarding school, and the man in question, a Theo Nott, ex member of the Slytherin House, is serving drinks on this side of the counter tonight because one of his employees found herself with salmonella poisoning or whatever that is, which is why it's an all hands on deck situation here. It's a busy Friday night, and it's just him and goody two shoes Seamus Finnegan, manning the fort behind the bar, with just three members of the waitstaff delivering drinks and food to the patrons. They're doing a pretty goddamn good job, until Theo's ferrety friend, Draco, strolls in, demanding a drink, that quickly turns into five drinks. "You need to get your head out of your ass," says Theo in a matter of fact way, just as he mixes a vodka on the rocks for a pretty brunette eyeing him across the room. She's already downed three of those before and this one is on the house now. Shooting a wink at her, he tells one of the waitresses, to the take the drink over to the young woman that seems intent on bedding him, if all goes well by the end of the night. He'll personally go over to her in a bit, once he's done dealing with his messed up friend. Draco groans. "It's all over," he says, folding his arms across on the counter, and pressing his head against them. "I've lost her." If she was ever mine to begin with it, that is. Theo resists the urge to smack the top of Draco's bowed head. "Pull yourself together, man!" he exclaims in disgust, before momentarily giving into the urge to smack his fellow Slytherin's head upside down. "You have two options: Option A is for you to get over Granger and shag one of the lovely ladies we have in here tonight." He subtly gestures to the hoards of women dancing to the loud beats of the music on the dance floor. "And Option B is for you to kick McLaggen's arse the old fashioned way to get your woman back." "Is that all you've got?" "Personally, I'd go with Option B... I volunteer to take him down with you, Drake. You're my brother. You know I'd do anything for you," says Theo, nodding enthusiastically. It's been ten years but he still hasn't forgiven McLaggen for all the shit he pulled back when they were at school. Fucking prick. "They're engaged!" yells Draco. As much as he wants to wipe the floor with Cormac, he can't. Because it would hurt Granger, and Draco doesn't want to her, despite her hurting him. "That shouldn't stop you!" replies Theo unashamedly. He shrugs at that, while briefly conjuring a pleasant image of the beautiful brunette that he sent drinks to, screaming his name in throes of pleasure. He really needs to solve Malfoy's problem, so he can get his own night started. He may be a good looking bloke but there's only so long a chick is going to wait for him. And he really doesn't want to kill his mate for unintentionally cock blocking him. "Usually, it wouldn't even matter," says Draco sadly. "But there's just another small problem issue at hand, Nott." Theo looks up. "Yeah?" "She chose him." Draco's shoulders sag pathetically, and Theo considers beating him up. He sounds like a sad little Hufflepuff instead of the big, bad, scheming Slytherin he's supposed to be. The man is putting their House to a bloody shame with all of this moping. "She wants to be with him." The mere image of Granger in McLaggen's arms makes Draco want to break something, and Theo quickly reaches for the glass in Draco's hands before he squeezes it to pieces. Those tumblers are expensive, and it always sucks when someone breaks them. It's always an unnecessary, almost unavoidable expense. "Not a problem." It really is as simple as that. To Theo, it's all black and white: Malfoy wants Granger, but McLaggen has Granger, which means Malfoy has to thrash McLaggen, beating him purple and blue, until he wins Granger's heart. Draco snorts at that. Of course Nott wouldn't understand the sanctity of marriage and family, and all the love, loyalty and mushy gushiness that comes with it. Now, he may be many things: an arsehole and arrogant fucker, to say the least, but he isn't a bloody home wrecker, no matter what anybody thinks. The mere thought of it sickens him more than the reality of losing Granger. His mind goes back to the day when she'd broken up with McLaggen, citing not a single reason behind the end of their relationship. She didn't seem too messed up about it, which should have been the first sign that something was ridiculously wrong. Instead, she'd turned to him, and stepped out of her silly sundress, letting it pool around her feet, folding her arms across her chest as she just looked at him. Her black panties and bra came off next, and his jaw dropped to the floor in utter shock, as his eyes roamed over her beautiful body. Things were clearly changing as his fucking supposedly platonic female friend, pulled him close to her, while grabbing at the tie around his neck, throwing her lips across his, showing him just how much she wanted him. Bloody hell. And well, there's no denying what happened next. Or how it continued over the course of the next few weeks, ranging from hookups on her sofa, and in his bed. With her demanding his presence for a quick shag and him running over to her like the whipped little fucker that he was. Until that fateful day when she showed up at his apartment (for what he assumed to be a quickie but quickly unfolded into something else entirely). She was crying, or rather blubbering about how she was still in love with Cormac, and she desperately wanted to fix things between them. In between her tears, she said she was sorry, and she really hoped that he could forgive her for using him. The bint apologized for letting him get caught up in her drama, while he stood there, in shell shocked silence. He wasn't in love with her (or maybe he was, he really didn't know), mind you, but he was rather attached, if he'd say so himself. But that was irrelevant. He still wanted her, dammit. Shaking his head, Draco pulls himself together and turns to say something to Theo, who is no longer next to him, but grinding against some woman on the dance floor. He grimaces at the sight of Theo dry humping some poor witch and beckons Finnegan over to pour him his sixth drink. It's either that or asking for a fork to gouge his eyes out. The former sounds more fun than the latter. "Imma cut ye off after this one," warns Seamus, wagging a finger at Draco, who in turn, rolls his eyes at the Irish bloke. Stupid Gryffindors and their stupid parental concern. Even at school, Seamus had a bit of a paradoxical reputation: the man whore and everyone's dad. (Except now he's dating Lavender Brown and they're everyone's self proclaimed mum and dad) "I don't get drunk," mumbles Draco, while struggling to keep himself upright on the bar stool. Seamus takes pity on the other man, and decides to throw the dog a tiny bone, or whatever the saying is. "Hermione's getting her wedding dress refitted tomorrow morning at 10 AM," he says, trying to be as discreet as he can in the loud, upbeat club, where music is blasting from every corner. "Me girl Lavender told me." Now, while the blonde ferret might deny his feelings for Hermione, in front of their friends, none of them are stupid, and all of them know what's up. Which is why Seamus wants to help Malfoy because frankly speaking, no one can stand McLaggen. They've known since forever. Since Hogwarts, where they all went to school together; where they all essentially grew up together. However, Hermione hasn't ever known shit about the situation. Brightest girl, me arse, thinks Seamus, shaking his head at that. If only she'd known what the rest them were properly aware of, she wouldn't have ever picked Draco Malfoy, the pathetic love struck sap, to be her no strings attached post McLaggen break up rebound shag. She really should have known better. "She's four months along, and the wedding's in two weeks," continues Seamus, leaning over the counter to get closer to Malfoy, hoping that no one else in the vicinity overhears him helping the other man sabotage someone else's relationship. "Yer two were doing whatever it's that youse were doing around the time she broke up with McLaggen and then I hate to say this, mate, even if she did pick up with him right after she was done with yer..." he cringes at what he's saying, about Hermione, no less, but it needs to be said. "If she did pick up with him right after she was done with yer, there's a chance the kid could be yers. I'm no doctor but I know enough about the female body to tell ye that maybe it'd make sense to fight for her...because that baby might be yers." Seamus hopes that it is. "She's pregnant?! " yells Draco. Seamus's eyes widen in horror. "I thought ye already knew," he says. It's common knowledge, or so he thinks. Everyone's been talking about it. " How do yer not know ?" This is insane. "Bloody hell, do you really think I'd be siting here, moaning over my loss if I knew there was a chance for me?" throws out Draco as bolts right out of his seat, but not before throwing a handful of money on the counter, to cover the bill for at least fifteen patrons in the vicinity, leaving a smirking Seamus behind. He's done what he needed to do, and Malfoy will take care of the rest. That dickhead McLaggen better get what's coming to him. What a delightful thought and Lavender will be pleased too. / Which is how Draco finds Hermione in some fancy shmancy bridal boutique in London, with the Weaselette sitting in a corner, sipping away at her flute of champagne. He walks into the store, and makes his way over to the dressing rooms, when he overhears the two women talking. Granger sounds frustrated. How typical. "The dress won't fit, Ginny!" she's clearly out of breath and close to tears. "I can't zip it up. Oh fuck." Draco's heart skips a beat when he looks over to see Hermione looking as beautiful as