Sarinus Wilde – District 1 Sarinus had never been so excited in his entire life. Out of every single child that lived in District 1, it was he who was chosen to be this year's volunteer. For six years Sarinus had trained in the art of death and survival, waiting until he was eighteen and at maximum level for his Games. As he shaved the small areas of stubble on his face he thought of previous reapings. Some years other children had volunteered before the selected tribute had time to, ruining their years of hard work and preparation. If anyone were to volunteer and steal Sarinus' crown, he would see to it that they didn't live much longer. One year he could remember that the girl that was chosen to volunteer was actually reaped! What were the odds! Sarinus strode over to the mirror where he examined his outfit for the reaping. His muscles bulged out of his dark green shirt, his bulge and butt filing his tight trousers. As a very attractive boy, he was going to use this to his advantage. He had had his way with many girls from 1, and now he was going to show his perfection to the women of the Capitol. He swaggered into the living room, where his entire extended family clapped as he entered. Mom stood up from the sofa, comb in hand, and went for Sarinus' dark black hair. She managed to strike the comb through his hair once before he batted it away with "Leave me alone, Mom! My hair's fine!" As aunts and uncles laughed, Sarinus' father walked over to him and took his hand. He knew his father had wanted to volunteer in his youth, but had not been given the privilege. As Dad fiercely shook Sarinus, he delivered "You look striking son… Knock 'em dead," with a hearty grin. "That I will," chuckled Sarinus. "Oh my baby!" Mom took Sarinus by the chin and made him lower his head whilst she kissed his head. "It seems like only yesterday I had to bend over to kiss your head!" "Mom! Stop embarrassing me!" he strained in a jokey tone, earning one more laugh from his relatives. All the attention was on Sarinus, and he loved every bit of it. "Oh for goodness sake" sighed Aunt Cadbu. "Can we please leave? If I have to watch my beautiful nephew get reaped from behind a bloody crowd I will be furious. I want to be right at the front." There was a murmur of agreement and after a couple more greetings and congratulations, Sarinus and his family all began their journey to the Justice Building. Friends, strangers, everyone congratulated Sarinus as he walked through the crowds. Hugs, pats on the backs, and even the occasional kiss were given as he paced through the weaker residents of District 1. Just before he arrived at the eighteen-year-old male section, he happened to see a crowd parting opposite him. As he suspected, in the center of this crowd was Bolt, his fellow tribute in this year's Games. As he hugged the small girl the rest of the crowd swooned, boy and girl alike. She was attractive (albeit not as attractive as Sarinus) and known for being a bit of a slut at her school. She had hair the same colour as his own and they both had a tanned complexion. All the colours were the same, including their eyes, but the shape of everything was what dismissed the theory that they were siblings. Sarinus knew her only from training where he admired her skill with a bow and arrow. A girl's weapon , he thought with a smirk as he whispered "best of luck" into the girl's ear. "Right back at 'ya" she shouted, putting on a show for the surrounding children. With a wink, she seemed to gallop back to the female eighteen-year-old area. On the stage, the mayor stepped forward, introduced by the applause given from his District. After him came this year's mentors: Mineral Moore and Blink Thoday. Mineral was tall and muscular with flat brown/blonde hair, in his mid thirties. He had won an early Hunger Games: Sarinus was alive but too young to remember. His partner, Blink, was in her early twenties, having won the 15th Hunger Games the year before Sarinus was eligible for reaping. She was a rather ugly girl with a flat, fishlike face and short blond hair. She lost her left hand in the Games and as a result had an ugly stump where it used to be. Neither adults were Sarinus' mentors of choice, but he was happy all the same. As soon as the mayor rapped up his boring speech Meredith Aliabadi stepped forward, a tall slender woman with bright green curly hair and thick round glasses, tripling the size of her eyes. She was beloved in District 1 and earned a clap near the volume of that of the mentors. "Why, hello District 1!" she shrilled. "Did you miss me?" The reply of screams and shouts answered her question, to which she replied with a tight yet sincere smile. As per, she tittered over to the girl's glass sphere and took the first piece of paper that kissed her fingers. " Annabel Hart" she screamed. Cheers and claps erupted as a skinny girl from the seventeen year old section walked to the stage. Every boy and girl wished it were his or her name that was called out: a short fifteen seconds of fame without the risk of death. The girl pouted and waved as Meredith asked "any volunteers?" " I volunteer as tribute" Bolt shouted with her squeaky, high-pitched, and slightly nasal voice. Annabel waved her last goodbyes to the cameras as she passed Bolt on the stairs to the stage. The two girls hugged before Bolt took the microphone and blathered some shit that would earn her a couple more sponsors. In the end, it all comes down to the training score , Sarinus thought. "Get ready boys" said Meredith as she moved closer to the other bowl. An empty hand went in the bowl and when it returned it had a small piece of paper within its clutch. " Bailey Li" A tiny scream was heard as a small, eastern-looking runt ran to the stage, his little entourage of friends cheering as he did. What a schmuck . Sarinus looked to his friends and just as Meredith opened her mouth he bellowed, " I, Sarinus Wilde, volunteer as tribute." "My, my, how eager!" The crowd of children parted for Sarinus as he waded through the boys, who seemed to get younger and younger as he walked forward. As he passed the scrawny boy that had just been reaped, he wanted nothing more than to push him onto his face, but as the cameras were watching he took the boy's hand and shook it. He saw the boy's smile die as he crunched his hand harder and harder, but he finally let go and walked to the microphone. "District 1, say hello to your newest victor!" As he winked, he could feel the horny teenagers coo. So it begins. Meredith took a hold of Bolt's wrist, then Sarinus'. She pulled them to the microphone and shrieked: "Ladies and gentlemen, I present to you District 1's tributes for the 22nd Annual Hunger Games: Bolt Wade and Sarinus Wilde!" The roar was intense, and it was all for Sarinus. Well, Sarinus and Bolt… The scream seemed to carry on for at least five minutes and by this point Sarinus and Bolt were laughing, shivering and beaming at the cameras. The only thing that could top this feeling was coming back as a victor. A couple peacekeepers ushered the two young adults into the Justice Building where they were split up and put into two separate rooms. Soon the atmosphere was just as it had been in his living room prior to the reaping. Some women were crying with happiness, other men cheering with adrenaline and proudness. Soon after hugs and kisses and pats and congrats, his friends from school replaced his family and instantly bundled him. Sarinus was pinched and slapped and punched by his friends as he was laughing, "get the fuck off of me! If I am bruised for the parade I swear to god I'll kill you". "What's your token? What's your token?" yelled Rub, the only one of his mates that was taller than him. Fuck . "I forgot. Oh no, my Mom is gonna kill me…" "Why, what was it?" asked Joel with his stupid lisp. "It was a toy train that I've had since I was a baby." Sarinus loved trains, and one of the things he had been looking forward to most was the train journey to and from the Capitol. Just before Sarinus was going to ask his friends for a token, the peacekeepers entered and pushed them out the door. Sarinus was escorted to the car, pissed off without his token. Nayus Howard – District 10 Nayus had never been in a car before. He had been in a bus and a shuttle, but never a car. They were small. I hate cars. Nayus had been so embarrassed. He had cried his eyes out and made a fool of himself on the stage. He had so much to say to his family, his friends, but all that came out were sobs and cries. He had hardly said two words to them before they were pulled from his arms. His District partner, River, hadn't shed a tear. She stank. Nayus thought that the smell on stage was something else, but as they sat next to each other in the car he realised that the pungent smell that filled his nostrils was she. "I-" began Nayus, before his voice broke and he felt as though he was going to burst into another flood of emotion. She remained silent. She wasn't going to be his friend. She remained silent the rest of the journey, as did Nayus apart from the odd snivel or whimper. Nayus looked on at the silent crowds as they looked at the car. The only bit of emotion or anything that River gave off is how she sat up when she looked at the train. A couple seconds after the car stopped moving, a peacekeeper was at each door and they were ushered to the train. The odd camera flash or reporter would take Nayus and River by surprise, but as soon as the door shut behind them the noise became silence. Nayus ran to the window to find Mom, Dad or Jacob, or any of his friends, but if they were there they were lost in the sea of heads. He turned and noticed that River was sitting down. I wonder if she has any family , he enquired within. Mariah Sherpa, their escort, waltzed through the door. Her black hair (which surely couldn't be real) fell below her waist and covered most of her body (which was mostly bare). If the reaping took place in the winter she would be freezing. Lucky for her, it was a nice day. "Now, my poor, poor , children, I-" she stopped dead in her tracks and sniffed. "Goodness…" she whispered. She tiptoed through the carriage; nose first, trying to detect the scent. Due to River's stained, rugged clothes, she went to her first. She took a drag of the girl and covered her mouth with a gasp. "My poor, poor River. You must have a shower at once. I was going to go through protocol with you and Nayus, but I cannot continue with – well, you know…" Mariah basically pushed River out of the carriage and a few minutes later they returned. River was in a fresh set of clothing. She was barefoot with a short white dress on. Her long, streaky, frizzy, greasy brown hair was now made into