Disclaimer: I do not own any of the characters from the books and film Twilight. I only own Nickie Swan and Adam Cullen. This is the second series of the book, so please read the first. Warning: There are going to be some really disturbing parts in some of the chapters. If you are sensative, please do not read, and skip the part. Songs are throughout the chapetrs. Guns 'n' Roses - Don't Cry. No Doubt - I'm just a girl. For Nickie Swan, there's one thing she loves more than life; Jasper Whitlock. After Adam Cullen looses control, Jasper leaves Nickie without saying goodbye. With the mating bond breaking, Nickie is close to death. Can her second mate fix her heart. Caius OC. Chapter 1: Bad Birthday The dream continued. Was this a dream? Or am I awake? I was nine percent sure. I stood in a circular room, a ball room with white bricks, a huge chandelier hanging above my head. I was no longer back at home, in Forks Washington, but an unknown place, a castle maybe? The windows above my head showing no thick gray clouds like Forks; but the blue clear sky was in view. I stood in front of a full length mirror staring at my reflection, my hair more black and straight, glossy past my waist. My eyes were red faided into a neon blue. My skin looked more pale, my red looked blood colour. I looked different, I looked more pretty. Was this really me? "Nicole, il mio amore." A familiar voice called. (Nicole, my love.) "Si." I replied, my voice was more strong. (Yes.) "Vieni in giardino." He called. (Please come to the garden.) I smiled, moving quicker than I ever thought I could. The garden was huge, the snow stuck to the floor, dripping of the flowers which were alive which amazed me. Standing in front on me was an angel, with pale skin and snowy white hair, pink eyes. He stood there, back straight, standing tall with his head held high. He smiled as he saw me, and walked slowly to me, I would of thought that he was floating above the ground. He walked with grace. "Caius. Perche devi, chiamarmi qui?" I asked with a slight frown. (Caius. Why must you call me here?) "Calma la piccola. Abbiamo aspiti." he replied. (Calm down little dove. We have guests.) "Chi!" (Who!) "Nicola?" A familiar voice shouted. I turned around and smiled as I saw Edward walking slowly towards me. He smiled, then stopped walking and held out his hand out for someone. An elderly lady come from the doors, her hair gray, held tightly in a bun on top of her head. She had wrinkles all over her face, she looked fragile. Edward held her hand, and walked her pace. What was Edward thinking? He know the law. "Nicole, you're still you." The elderly lady's voive croaked. I took a step back. "Who are you?" I asked. "Nicole calm down. They years have moved so fast for us. You remember Bella don't you." Edward asked, smiling down at the elderly lady. I was confused. "Nicole. You don't remember me, do you?" She asked. I shook my head. "It's me, Bella." She said. No, this had to be some sort of sick joke. Edward said he change Bella after her birthday. I looked at the elderly lady in the eyes, brown eyes. Mom's eyes. "Bella." She nodded and smiled. "Happy birthday Nickie." End Of Dream I woke up with a start-my eyelids wide, as I gasped in shock. That was the tenth time the dream came, stuck on repeat like a record player. The dream where Edward chose to keep Bella human, as he stayed the same age and frozen in time, while Bella grew old. The dream of her laying flat on her back, as she laid back in her coffin. "It's just a dream." I told myself everyday. Dull gray light, the familiar light of an over cast morning, took the place of the blinding sun in my dream. "It's only a dream." I said again, taking a couple of deep breaths, and then jumped out of my skin when the alarm clock went off. I looked on my wall, next to the clock as I scrowled through the numbers and days, it was September thirteenth. Today was mine and Bella's birthday. Alice had a small party for us, well mostly Bella. After school, I should come home, and get ready for the party. I groaned, I had a bad feeling something bad was going to happen. All through the summer - the well most perfect summer, I spent my time with dad and Billy Black fishing, then go to their home to have a BBQ and to get to know the pack. Jacob is going through the change at the moment, going from hot to cold, good mood or bad mood. Sam gave Jacob orders to stay away from me till he learns control. Emile keeps me posted on the phone, and when I do visit we bake cakes and I help her control the boys. They can act like children sometimes. One thing I have learned about my self, with the help from Rose and Carlisle, sometimes Emmett is that I'm a very powerful banshee. My screams can be used as a weapon, and even kill the supernatural. At a certain age, I would age more slower and my eyes would be brighter as the years go by. Some banshee records showed that one banshee lived till eight hundred years old till she was killed. That record was in China. Something else I have learned, Victoria used to be a banshee till a wolf lost control and nearly killed her, till James saved her life. Me and Victoria get along, she even teached me how to use my scream without killing anyone. She knows it wasn't my fault that I'd hurt James, but pissed that Edward had killed him. I got out of bed, had a shower, then brushed my teeth. I was almost surprised that I havn't changed at all, my eyes still green, my dark hair was a little bit longer. I smiled and closed my eyes and slowly opened them, Neon eyes stared back at me. I smiled, butterflies in my stomach formed as I looked at the mate mark what Jasper did on prom night. Since he marked me, we became like magnets, more connected to each other. The mating bond is strong, as my chest aches as Jasper is away visiting family. I closed my eyes, then opened them as my eyes were back blue. I smiled. Take this pink ribbon off my eyes I'm exposed and it's no big surprise Don't you think I know exactly where I stand This world is forcing me to hold your hand. 'Cause I'm just a girl, a little 'ol me Well don't let me out of your sight Oh I'm just a girl, all pretty and petite So don't let me have any rights. Oh...I've had it up to here! The moment that I step outside So many reasons for me to run and hide I can't do the little things I hold so dear 'Cause it's all those little things that I fear. 'Cause I'm just a girl I'd rather not be 'Cause they won't let me drive late at night Oh I'm just a girl, guess I'm some kind of freak 'Cause they all sit and stare with their eyes. Oh I'm just a girl, take a good look at me Just your typical prototype. Oh...I've had it up to here! Oh...am I making myself clear? I'm just a girl I'm just a girl in the world... That's all that you'll let me be! I'm just a girl, living in captivity Your rule of thumb makes me worry some I'm just a girl, what's my destiny? What I've succumbed to is making me numb. Oh I'm just a girl, my apologies What I've become is so burdensome Oh I'm just a girl, lucky me Twiddle-dum there's no comparison. Oh...I've had it up to! Oh...I've had it up to! Oh...I've had it up to here! I ran downstairs with my school bag over my shoulder, I jogged into the kitchen as Bella was sitting at the table eating jam and toast with a glass of orange juice, listening to classical music. I opened the fridge door, and picked up the empty bottle of orange juice, and there was no milk. I slammed the fridge door and walked over to the bread-bin and suprise, no bread or fruit. There was no breakfast bars too. I looked at Bella, she gazed at me not saying a word. I huffed and stormed out of the kitchen like a child. "Happy birthday." I shouted. I waited by the front door for a reply. Nothing. I picked up the truck keys as I shuck my head and walked to the truck. Bella never rides with me anymore, Edward always picks her up, ever since James had attacked us. Since then, Bella had changed, I noticed it when we were at prom. After the prom, and the two week holidays, gossip started. There were people saying I let a bloke attack Bella, that I just stood there and watched as I video recorded it. Now that I have a red haired woman after her, like they said I paid the woman money. The woman, Victoria. The whole Forks high school threw me snyde comments, I'd get hit when Jasper isn't around. I've had a cigarette stomped out on my arms so many times. You would think that Edward would of put a stop to this; no, he just watched it happen, a smug smile spread across his face. To make things more worse, Alice joined in, things I have told her, in secret, yep, that went around school. I had an abortion with Jaspers baby, that I went to a backstreet clinic. That's why Jasper is away. To make me even feel worse, my dads friends arrested me for assult, and planned to kill Bella while we were in Pheonix. The three men I made up. It was awful to be questioned like that, now and again, dad would not talk to me. Only people who talk to me is Jasper, and the pack. When I go to the Cullen's house, Alice makes it clear that I am not welcome. I don't stay there long, Jasper and Edward always end up in a fight. Rosalie already has snapped Alice's neck. Poor Carlisle and Esme, as well as Emmett and Adam, they are the peice makers. They choose to stay in the middle, not pick sides. I opened the truck door and climbed inside, and slammed the door shut. I turned the key, the truck won't start, no roar, no nothing. I tried the truck again. The truck is dead! I heard Bella laugh as she saw me, and ran to Edwards silver Volvo. He sat in his car with sunglasses over his eyes, wearing a smug smile what I wanted to slap away. I ran my fingers through my hair in frustration. I grabbed my phone and dialed dad's number. After a couple of rings, he picked up. "Hello?" "Dad, can you take..." " Sorry Miss, Chief Swan is on a call. Can I leave him a..." I hung up, and wiped away my tears. Jasper isn't home till five, he went to see Tanya. Apparently, Irina has found her mate...Laurent. I grabbed my bag and started to walk the half hour walk to school. The cold wind nipped my skin as summer was close to be over. I walked and hummed a random tune. I walked fasted as I didn't want to be late, I was to lazy to walk. In the distrance, I heard a motocycle, it was getting closer, and closer till it pulled up