Disclaimer : I do not own Underworld or Twilight, I only own my own characters. I only own my own Bethany. Summary - To humanity, their existance is no more than a whisper of a myth. But to two brothers, they are enimies of their kind. To Bethany, she is their mate. So, I was watching Underworld the other night and I had a thought if Aro Volturi and Lucian were twin brothers, but seperated when they were children. Viktor changed Aro, and sent him to Greece to look for new council members in Greece to create a new law of vampires. Lucian did loose Sonja. So I will change both story lines a little bit, mixing Twilight and Underworld together. So the story will be set two years after Breaking Dawn Part 2. Viktor is alive, but I chose for vampires to have red eyes and werewolves to have blue eyes. I do not have a Beta reader, sorry for spelling mistakes and grammar. Please leave comments, and tell me what you think, if I should continue or not. Throughout the story there will be flashbacks. " Two decades had passed since the creation of both species...The war had begun...Viktor increased his army, creating a legion of vampires to protect them against the very first clan of werewolves, but the other vampires call them 'Children Of The Moon.' A vicious and infectious breed, unable to take human form ever again. Until they were born. Lucian and Aro. And even though every fiber bit of his soul wound him to slay the two children...he did not. Over the years, Lucian grew...he posses the strength and focus that the ones before him did not... " Viktor - What do you think Sonja, shall we make more? Sonja - Of him? Viktor - Like him? Lucian will always be the first of the breed. The first of the lycans. Sonja - What of Aro? What would he become? He is still human. Viktor - When he is fully grown into a young adult, I will turn him myself. He will be your protector and brother. Remember, their father didn't survive the Lycan's bite from the mother. So, turning Aro is the best option, they both have strength and very intelligent. We shall keep them both apart. Sonja - I agree father. " Viktor would use Lucian's infectious blood to his benefit. Taking advantage of the child's thirst with Aro's blood, pity it against him as he was forced to feed of human's, Viktor's slaves. Throughout the years, Aro became mad and crazed. When Aro turned twenty, Viktor turned him, but vampires became worried and scared as Aro fell into a deep sleep for three days screaming in pain. Aro became the first vampire who's body became stone and ice cold, the first vampire to walk out in the sunlight. Aro guarded the slaves through the daylight hours to their masters. So Viktor thought, so long ago... " Sonja - Lucian! Lucian - No, Sonja. Don't. Just look at me. Keep your eyes on me, SONJA. Look at me! I love you. Sonja - As I love you. Your face will not be here when this is over, will it? Goodbye, my love. Lucian - No. NO! NO! NO! SONJA!...ARO! HOW COULD YOU DO THIS TO ME... Aro Flashback "Aro! My son." A voice called, where I stood looking out of the window watching my brother Lucian been whipped, his arms stretched wide above his head. Each crack of the whip hit his thick skin, my brother never screamed in pain, never begging the guard to stop. I watched with pride as my brother took the pain, his legs never gave out. The wolves and the vampires stood side by side watching the punishment, some wincing, some enjoying the pain what my brother has to go through. The brother I have grew up to hate for what he is... a lycan. Viktor saved me when I was born as Lucian was going to kill me. I have stayed loyal to my father and maker for saving my life. I listened as my room door slowly opened, as footsteps silently approached me. Viktor. "Your brothers days are ending." Viktor hissed with annoyance. "He is no brother of mine. What did he do this time?" I asked. "He removed his collar...again." Viktor spat. I smiled and shook my head and turned to my father. "He will never learn of you don't train him. After all, he is your pet." I mused. "I have no time for games Aro. Where is my daughter?" Viktor demanded, looking outside the window watching my brother continue been whipped. "She was here not long ago. She might be outside the walls." Viktor roared. "How many times do I have to tell her, she risks her life on the council...for what. She will become an Elda, her birth right." I have heard his story so many times. Maybe Sonja doesn't want to become a member of the council, maybe she likes to protect her coven. But Sonja, can be stubborn, she always breaks the rules, but she sometimes can act like a child. Maybe Viktor has lost his touch, he has gone soft with her. Sonja continues to miss the meetings, sneaking outside the walls to protect humans from lycans. But for a very long time now, she hasn't been herself. The lies, the secrets will all come out soon. That I know that she is in love with my brother, but I will not tell Viktor. "When are you leaving." Viktor asked. "Sun rise. I will be searching for new council members and gurads." I replied, placing my hands together as they rest on my bottom lip. "Have you got someone in mind?" Viktor asked. I nodded my head. "I have. A worrior called Cauis. He has killed over a hunderd lycans." "Very well. If this Caius is worthy, change him." Vitkor demanded. I raised my eyebrows. "I have never changed anyone." Viktor turned to me, his cloak dragged across the floor. "Now it's time to learn my son. One day, you will be king of our kind." Viktor said and closing the door behind him. Turning back to the window, the clouds grew darker more angry. As the warm days slowly approaching, the vampires will sleep through the day light hours, the lycan's will be longer locked up in their cells. As my father sleeps in the day time, I will keep gurad, standing in the sun without death. The sunlight warming my ice cold skin. I do not bleed, I have vemon like a snake. I am a different vampires, the most feared. I do not know why I am different from the other vampires, maybe God wanted to create another species to see which one will die out first. But one think, Viktor is right though, I do need to change someone. We do not know if it would work, will the person die, will the person change like me. But I will prove him wrong that I am not weak. As the sun broke through out the sky, the wolves made their way back to their cells, dropping their weapons. I watched as my brother left last with more guards around him. I chuckled silently, as I made my way outside. "Lucian." I called. Lucian stopped walking and slowly turned to face me. He was the same height, and build. His hair the colour of caramel, long and in knots. As mine nose was straight, his was slightly bent. My eyes remained red, as his nearly black. I watched as Lucian stood in front of me, we were mirror images. "Yes brother." Lucian hissed. "I'm not your brother." I said, looking at him in the eyes. I watched with amuzment as my brothers face showed hurt. "Get my horse ready. I will be leaving." I demanded. Lucian growled, as he walked back outside, as I followed silently behind him. I heard the howls from the other wolves outside the walls. My brother stopped, as he stared at me. "Move it. I havn't got all day." I hissed and pushed my brother forward to the barn. He walked inside and grabbed Sonja's horse. I moved forward, and jumped on the back. Without thanking him, I rode forward as the guards opened the gate. I left the castle, hoping to never return. I knew my brother will not last the week, as I didn't want to see my brothers death. This is the last time I will see my brother, till my days are numbered... Betrayed by your kiss, Hurry finish, You wasted your chance, I'm provoked, So bleed till it is finished, And I prove that my gifts have revoked. I won't repent from this, I won't repent from this, Blood is binding, Love you were meant for this, but you weren't ment for this, Life by dying, I won't repent from this, I won't repent from this, Blood is binding, Love you were meant for this, but you weren't for this love. You're my flesh and blood You're my flesh and blood You're my flesh and blood. I'll never feel at home, Anywhere, anywhere you go, And when you stay around, All your questions they start to grow, They won't give you any answers, And they lie about what they don't know. I won't repent from this, I won't repent from this, Blood is binding, Love you were meant for this, but you weren't ment for this, Life by dying, I won't repent from this, I won't repent from this, Blood is binding, Love you were meant for this, but you weren't for this love. You're my flesh and blood You're my flesh and blood You're my flesh and blood. You only know my heart when it's cold, But it burns when I hear my inffection in your voice, Don't you see all my soul that is yours? When you stand in the truth, All for you. I won't repent from this, I won't repent from this, Blood is binding, Love you were meant for this, but you weren't ment for this, Life by dying, I won't repent from this, I won't repent from this, Blood is binding, Love you were meant for this, but you weren't for this love. You're my flesh and blood You're my flesh and blood You're my flesh and blood. You're my flesh and BLOOD. Bethany - 2014 Thunder roared loudly throughout the small town of Forks Washington, followed bu a purple flash of lightning as it danced across the jet black sky. Rain poured down quickly nearly flooding the town as the rain drops bounced off the pavements. Another flash of light flickered the sky, thunder followed afterwards with a massive roar. "Beth. The pack is close behind." Jacob shouted through the ear piece. "Tell them to hurry. I'm nearly loosing him, the child is fast." I shouted back. "There close, but they can smell another wolf close by." Jacob replied. "What wolf?" I replied. "We do not know. But he is old and strong. Be careful." Jacob's voice crackled. I laughed. "I'm I always dip-shit." "Do you know who made the Immortal child?" I huffed. "Unknown vampire. The Immortal child was made in Roamnia." I replied, keeping my eyes on the baby vampire. "How did it get here." Jacob asked. "How the hell do I know. Why don't you ask it." I snapped. Jacob laughed. "Wow, calm down. I was just asking. This time of month I guess." He joked. I smile. "Yup." I said popping the 'P' I was surprised as the immortal child giggled with innocents as I chased it. I knew immortal child wasn't moving with his vampire speed, only running fast enough like in human pace. The little fucker was enjoying toying with me. He would stop at the end of the street, sitting on the floor with his legs crossed. His teeth imbedded in