Disclaimer: I have no rights to the Percy Jackson series. Rick Riordan has given a small liberty for us to use his characters unofficially on this site and that is all it is. Fan-fiction. Set right after Titan's Curse. Nico's run away. Percy, Annabeth and Grover realise the truth of his father which has to be kept a secret. Annabeth finds out another truth about Percy which upsets her for some deep reason. Note – This story does not intend to marginalise gays or lesbians in any way. I have tried to portray them in a light which is realistic as how the world is. Please put away all ill-conceived notions you may interpret. They are not true. . Annabeth woke up in a sudden shock as though somebody, a certain blue eyed blond, had tried to push her off a tall haunting cliff. Or a bed. She sighed, brushing away tendrils of her hair which had come out of the messy braid. Blinking rapidly and rubbing her eyes, she realised that the dreams wouldn't stop unless she immersed herself into an activity which would employ her full attention. It was close to six in the morning and freezing. Her blanket was wrapped around her as she dragged it slowly through the dark room filled with snoring siblings. Peeping through the window, she noticed two tree nymphs chatting in low voices across the arena, three demigods up and about (though she couldn't recognise them in the dim light,) two satyrs inspecting the ground in front of the Big House (Annabeth winced at that – the crack caused by Nico's surge of power was too daunting) and Chiron sitting on his wheel chair on the porch of the building, reading a magazine. Wasn't it too cold to be roaming around outside? Annabeth shivered a bit, but then made up her mind to be the first at the archery grounds. Killing cardboards and leather was her favourite way of starting the day. Other than beginning a new contemporary architecture book, or course. In ten minutes, she was stomping across camp, nodding at Chiron along the way. As expected, she was alone in the archery area of the camp. Though it was slightly cloudy, the sun was able to shine through all the way when her stomach complained of hunger. Annabeth was sweaty but not too weary since shooting arrows didn't take up as much strength as all out sparring. She notched her penultimate arrow between her fingers, adjusting the grip against the bow. Breathing out slowly, she realised and then smiled in a grim fashion as the arrow head embedded itself dead centre of the target. Twelve times in a row. "BOO!" Annabeth shrieked and jumped. Someone had shouted into her ear and she whipped out her knife swinging it towards the would-be-victim. Percy leaped back. (Of course it was him, who else could be so stupid as too disturb someone with sharp, pointy objects.) "Whoa! Calm your cooties, Wise Girl!" She glared at him. And then it melted into a smile. Really, it was hard for her to hate him for long. They were friends. Companions. Platonic. "Cooties?" She asked, slipping her knife back into its sheath. Percy sighed and stepped forward, grinning sheepishly. He looked fresh and bright, possibly just out of the showers. Annabeth felt slightly self-conscious. She was sticky and probably even smelled. "Don't know, just slipped out. So, what're you doing?" Annabeth rolled her eyes and gestured around them. Percy flushed as he took in the sight of several targets with arrows in them. "It's conclusive, Percy. You're waterlogged." "Hardy har har. How long have you been here, murdering innocent red, white and black boards?" "Since six." Annabeth drew her last arrow, bending her face away from him. "Couldn't sleep, huh?" She expected pity. But she heard empathy in his voice. Looking up, she tried to analyse his face for dark circles. His eyes looked tired but, he seemed better than she felt. "You too?" She asked. He shrugged, turning away to look at the Big House. She saw Chiron flipping through a couple of pages in his tabloid, but knew that he was actually paying the campers more attention. They turned back and Annabeth readied the arrow and her bow. "There's something I have to do – er, say. I mean, it's just..." Annabeth lowered her bow to look at him. Percy seemed flustered, his gaze focused on his shoes. He sounded... off. "What's wrong?" He hesitated. In that second, Annabeth saw horrifying visions of Luke at the brink of death, Thalia being overpowered, Nico running into the rising army, the Oracle prophesising terrible truths and Percy not being able to choose – "Nothing's wrong, but it's so not... I mean, it has nothing to do with Nico or the Gods, it's just me." Honestly, he looked scared. Annabeth wanted to reassure him and so took his hand and squeezed it. He smiled at that but immediately wiped it out. "Percy, whatever's the problem, we can deal with it. Spill your cooties." He laughed and shook his head. "I earned that one. It's not a problem. I don't believe that. But I just don't know what to do." She waited for him to gather his thoughts. He rubbed his face, flicked his fingers, kept breathing through his mouth and watching around them, as though searching for anyone spying on them. He looked so nervous that she kept her bow, arrow and quiver down on the grass and pulled on his hand. He tensed but then relaxed. "Don't judge me." Annabeth glared at him. "I can't do a thing unless you tell me. What's the not-problem?" Percy huffed. "Annabeth, give a guy some space. I'm gay." ! ! ! About a million thoughts rushed into her head. It was like seeing him in a different light. Like Percy turned into someone else and was not him but at the same time, it was him. He watched her and Annabeth took note of how his eyes darkened for a second before each blink. It wasn't supposed to change anything. There was nothing wrong with that! She shouldn't judge him for that. So he liked boys. She liked boys too. Guys were wonderful to look at, funny to be with, slightly dumb but charming in such an oblivious way that she loved to sit with and talk about nothing in particular all day long. But this was not how it should have been, her mind screamed. -How was it supposed to have been?- Any other way, not like this! -There's nothing to be done about it.- Aphrodite's playing. She's laughing in a very evil voice. -I'm being silly. Percy's still my friend. That won't change.- Annabeth swallowed. That's why he had told her. What would she have done if she realised that she liked girls? May be hide for a while, because a majority of the human population were not like her and there were people who wouldn't understand. But she would have wanted to confide it with someone. Someone trustful. Someone like her best friend. Thalia? -No, stupid! I mean Percy!- Her heart was beating fast when she realised she had to say something. "You're right. It's a not-problem. Do you want to talk about it?" Percy shook his head fast, staring at her wide-eyed. She felt a bit surprised too. May be it was because she never usually took too much stuff with a pinch of salt but now... "Cool." She forced out. Giving him a strained smile, she continued. "Let's wrestle on the mats today. I'm tired of seeing Clarisse pummel your butt all the time. That's my job." . It didn't matter. It really didn't. But even then, Annabeth couldn't help but stare at Percy longingly from her table, during breakfast. He sat alone, like usual, but kept making funny faces for a new undetermined camper seated at the Hermes table. The little girl kept giggling and looked a lot better than when she had seen the orientation film and had flipped out. Orientation. Annabeth pushed the base of her palm into her eye, rubbing furiously and feeling out of control. She wanted to do something physically violent but it just didn't make sense to her. She had nothing against what Percy had revealed. That was not it. She hated herself was her warring emotions which seemed to be as difficult to hold as the sky. Annabeth dug her fork into her sausage, taking a huge bite out of it and chewing so viciously that her cabin mates stared at her. She had an idea of why she felt like this. She didn't like it, because whatever the turnout was, it would all be a moot point. She could not like Percy. Like like him. As in crush on him. Percy crossed his eyes and let his tongue slip out to the side and tilted his head. The newbie laughed. He looked cute. She hated herself. . "Annabeth?" Malcolm said cautiously. Annabeth was bent over one of her sketches of the 'Empire State Building part 2,' revising a few details, a demented expression on her face. None of her half siblings had the guts to ask her to move from her perch right in front of the door. Why she was sitting there, no one knew. She didn't look up when he called her name. Malcolm turned around to see everyone else gesture him to get her attention. It was the morning after the great reveal, as Annabeth had taken to call it in her head. People from the other cabins wondered why none of the Athena kids had stepped out. It was close to eight in the bright morning and there were a number of hungry demigods in cabin six, too scared to approach their furious head of the cabin. "Let's just climb out the windows." One of the campers suggested in a low voice. Another one rolled his eyes. "You might fit through the bars, tiny. But we won't." "Annabeth." Malcolm called again, his voice going up. She didn't even twitch. He turned around but then closed his eyes, planning for the finale. He reached in a snatched her pencil out of her grip. "Hey!" Annabeth protested, getting up and glaring at her brother. Everyone else, rushed past her, heading for either the showers, bathrooms or the pavilion. Malcolm tossed Annabeth her pencil and folded his arms, to shoot his own glare back. They were silent for a few minutes until the ADHD took over. "You've been acting pretty weird since yesterday. What's the deal? I mean, you've put off your usual activities, forgot to coach the newbies in Monster Theory, spent only an hour on training, that too, wrestling with just Percy and then missed dinner altogether. You never mess up your routine! And now, what the Tartarus are you doing to your Empire State blueprint?" Annabeth stared at Malcolm. He'd never actually raised his voice to her. "Jeez... I go off course for a day and you freak out. Nothing's wrong. I was just sorting some stuff. And I haven't been doing anything to my blueprints..." Annabeth trailed out as she saw the number of scribbles and doodles all around the building that she had been scratching unconsciously. Upon closer inspections, they all seemed to be epithets about a certain son of the sea god. She groaned. Malcolm waited. "It's... nothing. I mean, like I said, I'm sorting –" "Did you fight with Percy? You seemed okay when you were on the mats with him." "Malcolm, it's nothing. Alright? It's my stuff. You can stay away from it." "Annabeth..." "It's girl stuff! Go away!" And the conversation was done with but not forgotten. Her brother gave her a soul searching look, but Annabeth had turned away, dumping her papers and sketches into her drawers, locking them and stomping out. She hurried past the crowds gathered for breakfast, jogging through the cabins