Disclaimer: I do not own anything. NOTE 1: The North is Poland and were Adair and Ana's people were exiled. The Northeast is Belarus and where many of the Northmen moved when they migrated eastward hundreds of years later. The lands further North are called Norway, Sweden and Finland and the Cape of Forochel is Denmark NOTE 2: King Elendil's sons were Isildur and Anárion. Anárion was killed during the Last Alliance of Elves and Men and Isildur was killed at the Gladden Fields. NOTE 3: The War of the Ring officially began in April 3018 when Gandalf arrived in the Shire and told Frodo about the Ring in his possession. Frodo left the Shire in October 3018 of the Third Age and the War of the Ring ended in March of 3019. Arnor – Middle Earth – Year 3321 of the Second Age I say this to you: You have invaded our lands and killed our King and his entire family and two of our sons – and so shall your sons perish also. Our people will prosper and grow mighty and strong and your people will dwindle to nothing, and you nor they shall find peace in these lands ," Ana said to King Elendil and she rode off with her wounded husband Adair, their only daughter, remaining son and the rest of their people. King Elendil didn't understand what the angry woman said to him nor did he live to see the seer-witch's prophesies come true. xxx The North – Twenty Years Later – Year 3341 of the Second Age "It's cold up here," Adair said to his wife. "But the summers and scenery are beautiful and there's plenty to eat and our people are beginning to thrive and prosper once again," Ana replied smiling at her husband. "Our Lords can't seem to choose a King for our people," Adair said laughing. "We'll not have another King for a very long time and he'll come from our line Adair," she replied looking her husband in the eyes. "We're not of the Nobility Ana," he said with a raised eyebrow. "He'll be a Lord's son," she replied. Adair knew never to question his wife's gift of sight and simply nodded his head. Adair's and Ana's great, great grandson followed his Lord eastward, along with many others and they settled in new lands. Their great, great grandson took his family heirloom and treasures with him. xxx The Third Age – The North – Fifteen Years before the War of the Ring Mir and Caldor are brothers and grew up in the North beyond the mountain range of Carn Dȗm. He and his brother live East of the Icebay of Forochel and trade with the Lossoth who live on the Cape of Forodchel in the far Northwest of Middle-Earth. Caldor became a sailor and Mir is a great builder. After Mir told his father, the village elder, and his brother about his dream, his father gave his consent for Mir to undertake the journey to seek out new lands further West. When Mir and his men returned he reported his findings to his father and they met with the other village elders. Mir told them about his dream and what he and his men found further West; and then laid out his drawings on his father's table and told them what they found in the West. "Does anyone live there?" a village elder asked. "No," Mir answered. "Whoever lived there left long ago and the place is deserted." "We must settle on the east side of the mountain first, but only down to the second river because others still live further south. But within the next 20 years they're be gone and then more of our people can settle on the southern part of the east side of the mountain," Elan, the young (21 year old) seer-witch told them. Elan is a descendant of Adair and Ana from their daughter's line. Everyone respected the young seer-witch and agreed with her. "Our people are still without a King," another village elder said. "But we have petty Lords," Caldor said in a sarcastic tone. "Why do we need another King after all these years?" a third village elder asked. "He'll help us with trade agreements we're going to need," Mir answered. "Trading with Southerner's?" Caldor asked. "They're the reason we're here." "We must get out of our isolation," Elan said. "I agree with Elan," Mir's father replied. "Where's this King coming from?" Caldor asked. "From the East and he'll marry a Southern woman," Elan answered. "A Lord's son?" Caldor asked. "Yes," Elan answered. "What about the southern female Elan?" Mir asked. "She won't be of the Nobility, but she'll be able to help us," Elan answered. xxx The North – Five Years Later "Our people are finally settled and everything has been built and they're now farming the fertile lands. However, the cold wind still blows from the North in the wintertime," Mir told the village elders and Elan. "Excellent," Elan said with a smile. "When are you going to cross over to the West side of the mountain? "Next summer," Mir answered. "That's a good idea brother," Caldor said. "I knew you would approve," Mir replied smiling at his brother. "We all know your ships can't sail out of the Icebay during the winter." Everyone laughed. "How many of our people are crossing the mountain Mir?" his father asked. "Half," Mir answered. xxx Ten Years before the War of the Ring "This is beautiful," Galinda said wide-eyed to her husband Mir when they finally rode around the mountains with their family and many of their people. He agreed and smiled at her and told everyone where they were going to set-up camp for the night. A month later Mir saw a ship sailing south. "Hello brother," Caldor said when he came ashore and saw his brother waiting for him. "You're right on time Caldor," Mir replied and the brothers embraced. "My men remarked how beautiful this place is while we were sailing south," Caldor said. "Galinda and the others said the same thing," Mir replied. "The Lossoth want to know why we're moving further south and I told them why; however, I also told them we'll still be trading with them," Caldor told his brother. Mir nodded his head, "Let's ride South to your new harbour," Mir said. "I can't wait to see it," Caldor replied "You're going to be in for a big surprise brother," Mir told him while they were mounting their horses. xxx "I've never seen anything like this," Caldor said in awe while they were touring the buildings at the harbour. "Neither have I and whoever built these buildings and harbour were great builders and I've learned a lot from them," Mir replied. "I've also found a great deal of stone, wood and other materials to build our Kings castle and plenty left over to build many homes. I've also found more of the same materials on the spot where I intend to build the castle." "Where do you intend to build the castle?" Caldor turned and asked his brother. "Where I found the other materials," he answered. "I'll show you the spot when we return and I also have something else to show you." Caldor followed his brother outside. "Elan told me there's another harbour on the other side of this bay and she wants our people to settle only on the West side of those mountains," Mir told his brother. "Why?" Caldor asked looking across he bay. "She didn't tell me why, only that it should be on the West side of those mountains,"Mir answered. "We have a lot of work to do Mir," Caldor said looking at his brother. Mir nodded his head in agreement. xxx "So this is where you're going to build our King's castle," Caldor said to his brother a week later. "Yes," he replied and told him how far the river ran, and that they'll be plenty of hot and cold running water inside the castle. "The castle will have a stone facade, but all the floors, walls, ceilings and furniture will be made of wood. As you can see on my drawings, there's also a stone bridge in the forest that connects to the castle and that's the only way onto the castle grounds. We also found a gap in the mountains that leads to the east side." "How large is that gap?" Caldor asked with a raised eyebrow. Mir told him. "That's a large gap and it'll have to well guarded on both sides at all times," Caldor said. "I know, but our people will no longer have to go around the mountains to reach the other side," Mir replied. A few months later Mir and Caldor returned to their childhood home after receiving word that their father was dying. xxx The Northeast – Three Years before the War of the Ring Adair's father is a Lord and had two daughters before Adair was born. Adair's mother is a servant in their Lord's household and Adair is his bastard son. Adair was raised in the castle and learned to read and write and was taught proper manners, but his half-sisters always reminded him of his status within their family and they were never kind to him. Adair is an excellent rider, swordsmen and bowmen. He also knows and befriended the other bastard boys in his community, and they too were trained to ride and fight, but only a few learned to read and write and learn the Southern tongue Westron. When Adair turned 18 he moved into a small one room cabin on the castle grounds. It was at that time that his father and Lord sent him out with others to patrol their borders against the foul things that would, from time-to-time, venture further North into their lands during the spring and summer months. xxx Six Months before the War of the Ring "Hello Adair," Katrina said when he opened the door to his cabin. "Mother," he replied with a raised eyebrow when he saw something in her hand. After Katrina stepped inside Adair's cabin he closed the door and made her a cup of tea. "What's in your hand mother?" he asked after he handed her a cup of tea. "I've come to tell you the story of our family," she answered and began to tell the tale. Adair listened intently to his mother and asked many questions after she finished. "Why are you telling me this now mother?" he asked surprised. "This sword is your heirloom," she answered and handed him the brown leather scabbard with a long brown leather strap attached. Katrina watched as her son unsheathed the long sword and saw awe on his face and in his eyes. "This is the most beautiful sword I've ever seen," he said and stood up and tested the weight of the sword. "Do you know what it's made of mother?" "No I don't, but it was made for the first of your name," she answered. "Adair?" he asked surprised. "Yes," she answered. "Adair, that first of his name, wielded that sword against the enemy that came from across the sea and he was a mighty swordsman and killed and wounded many of them. He also lead the army that fought the foul things and he was the Captain of the King's Guard. You have the same qualities that he had and you're a natural born leader and also a very skilled swordsmen like he was." "Thank you mother," he said with a smile and gave her a kiss on the cheek. "I also have something else to show you son," she told him. "Come with me." Adair followed his mother to her room in the castle and watched as she removed a hidden panel from a wall and pull out a very large chest and opened it. "Where did you get those gems from mother?"