Disclaimer: I do not own Twilight, the original plot, characters, and settings are all property of the original author. I am in no way affiliated with the original author. I'm just playing in the sandbox. :) Also, as far as I know and remember IDreamofEddie is the original creator of the name God of War as used for Jasper. It is used a few times in my story here, but my Jasper has a different name. ;) Author's Note: I hope you enjoy! DANCING WITH DEMONS I loved her Not for the way She danced With my angels But for the way The sound of Her name Could silence my demons. ~Christopher Poindexter~ Chapter 1 - Jasper's PoV Peter had kicked me out of the main house, telling me he needed alone time with his wife and 'my brooding ass was a cock-block'. So I had found myself wondering the streets of San Antonio, Texas on a cloudy spring day. I had walked to a random park and found her by chance. I would have never noticed her if it hadn't been for her heartbeat. The woman was under the huge magnolia tree, her back against the tree and her legs bent in front of her, a light brown leather backpack sat beside her. She sat incredibly still for a human as she read the book that was in her hands. She had dark brown hair, that framed her oval face and fell down the side of her arm, almost to her waist. Her skin was lightly tanned but still pale enough that I could see the blood coursing through her veins. While the sight of her did entice feeling of lust in me, I didn't want to eat her. Her eyes looked up from her book and she spotted me. I was certain she couldn't see me well enough to tell my eye color from the distance between us, but her emotions showed she found what she could see to be attractive. She gave a soft smile and then went back to her book. I was mesmerized by the sight of her. Her lean, long legs were encased in dark skinny jeans. Her shirt was a dark red and loose around her body, it hung off one shoulder, revealing her delicate collarbone and the curve of her shoulder. She was beautiful. I picked out the scent of her blood from the others in the park and let out a soft growl. She smelled heavenly, a mix of honeysuckles and apples with a hint of something spicy I couldn't name. Her scent seemed to fill all of senses and I knew. She was mine, and I would have her. Forever . At that moment the sun chose to shine down along the pathway that separated us, and I was stuck in the shadows of the branches of the cluster of trees I stood under. I watched the woman, my mate, stand and begin to walk in the opposite direction. The sun stayed out long enough for me to lose sight of her, but I followed her scent out of the park and through town, careful to keep in the shadows in case the sun decided to make an appearance again. She had gone into a theater near the river walk. I entered the building lobby and took the stairs to the private balconies above. The woman had gone in the back, but others were gathered on and in front of the stage. I waited and watched until she emerged from the right of the stage. She had changed into tights, a leotard, and a short loose skirt. Each of the dancers warmed up on the stage before the woman in charge started the practice. As I listened I heard her soft, sweet voice and learned her name was Cora. I kept hidden in the shadows of the third floor private balconies as I watched her and another man stay on the stage as the other ten moved off. The music started with them across the stage from each other. I knew the damn song, Charlotte had made Peter and I watch it with her on video and go to the theater to see it live. It was from the phantom of the opera, All I Ask of You. As the song continued they danced closer to each other, finally coming together in the middle of the stage. He reached for her outstretched hand, her body balancing on the ball of one foot, her other leg stretched straight behind her as she leaned toward him. When he gripped her wrist, she pushed off the floor and he swung her around, her back was softly arched as she was swing in a circle several times, before he gently lowered her to the ground. She sprang up quickly, and leapt away but he followed. It was hard to contain my jealousy as I watched Cora dance with the human man, and even though I didn't feel any lust coming from either of them, I couldn't help but want to hurt him for putting his hands on what was mine. I could not make a scene here, it would not be possible to get away with meeting her here, there were too many people, and my eyes were glowing red from my recent hunt through the rougher part of town. Besides, she did not lust for the man she danced with. Sure, there was affection and the strong emotions of friendship, but she did not want to fuck him. That made the demon inside me mildly calmer as I watched her. She was graceful like I had seen no human be before. She glided across the stage, and I was sure she captured the attention of anyone who watched her for even the briefest of seconds. I didn't know how I was going to introduce myself to her, but I had to know her, and soon. I left the theater only once the practice was over and Cora had left. Being careful to stay out of her sight, I followed her if only to watch her for just a little longer. When I saw that she was safe at her home, a small condo in a decent part of town, did I return to my own residence. Peter was on the porch waiting for me when I reached the yard. He gave me a devilish smirk "So there I was, enjoying the time I got to spend fucking my wife when all of a sudden I just know that we need to prepare for a human, and I stop. Frozen, dude. Char was still going strong, and there my ass was, flabbergasted, 'cause you ain't never brought food home before, and as suddenly as that thought hit me, I just knew that she wasn't gonna be your next fuck and dine. I finally snapped out of it when Char bitch slapped the fuck out of me. So, my question for you is what the fuck, man ?" Throughout his ranting I sat down in the wooden rocking chair and propped my feet up in the porch railing. I shrugged as he stared at me, waiting for my response. "I found her." "Her?" He questioned, and then his eyes widened and his eyebrows shot up. "You mean her ? The one woman who will finally erase that terrible cockblocking brooding emo shit from your psyche." "Fuck you, but yes. I didn't exactly meet her, but I saw her, and she saw me from across the park." "And why the fuck didn't you say hello?" Charlotte asked as she came flying out of the house to stand near enough to be in my face. "Because the sun chose that damn moment to pop out and she walked away." Before Charlotte could interject to tear me a new one I continued. "But I followed her to a theater where she was practicing with her ballet company. I checked the marque on the way out, she performs this Saturday night. It's a semi formal event, some fundraiser deal, so that gives you three days to find a dress, sugar." Charlotte squealed, pecked me on my cheek, and then darted back into the house. Peter gave me one of his trademark smart ass grins and mimicked my position in the second chair. "What's she look like? I hope it ain't nothin' like that short ass little psychic pixie that fawned all over you when we first met with the Cullen coven." I laughed at the thought of Alice, the tiny vampire who poured her desire out to me and claimed she had envisioned us together. Her visions made her confident, but she wasn't very physically strong. I didn't desire a companion who couldn't be my equal in every way, and I had no need for a vampire fuck buddy, and especially not one who looked like a young boy instead of a woman. Alice was nice, pleasant, smart, and witty, but she lacked the curves and assets that attracted me, she was the definition of the word petite. Cora, on the other hand, attracted me in every possible way. "She's beautiful, Peter. I would have never noticed her if I had not heard her heartbeat in the park. There were hardly any people out, since it was overcast, and she was sitting under a tree perfectly still. She's got dark hair, long, and the most gorgeous blue eyes I've ever seen. She's small, but damn does she have a nice set of tits. I..." "Have it bad already and she don't even know your name," he finished for me. "I do know her name, Cora, but damn Pete if I don't know what the hell I'm gonna do. It's not like she's a vamp and she knows. She's human, a human with a life, a career, and that should mean something, but damnit if I'm not a selfish bastard and don't give a damn if I steal her away from it. I just don't want her to hate me, to fear me, for what I am, for who I am, and I'll be damned if I don't know how to approach her." "Hey, ma'am, and lay on that southern accent thick, my name's Jasper and you're my mate, and I'm an empath that can give you the best fuck you'll ever have. Oh, by the way I'm a vampire and I'm going to bite you and turn you so that we can live together forever," Peter said in that sarcastic, smartass tone that made me want to smack the hell out of him. I swung my arm out and my hand connected hard with the back of Peter's head. "You're smartass mouth's gonna get you killed one day." He chuckled. "I only worry about my life when Ares comes out to play, Jasper don't scare me - that much." It had been a long time since someone had called me Ares, the Greek God of War, a moniker Maria had given me during my time spent controlling her newborns and fighting to keep her territory in the late 1800's. When Peter found his mate, Charlotte, I let my brother in arms leave to go north, to a peaceful life and leave behind the warring bloodbaths of the South. Aro Volturi and a select few of his guard had arrived in the early 1920's to destroy Maria. Upon seeing me in action he had struck a deal with me. Aro and his brothers, Marcus and Cauis, and I reached the agreement that a larger spread of control was needed to maintain the secrecy of vampires and to control the ones trying to start territory wars. He had already made a deal with one of his own former members and two others, one a coven of animal drinkers, and another with a nomad that dated back to the Revolutionary War. Eleazar would watch over Alaska and western Canada. Carlisle Cullen and