Disclaimer: I do not own Twilight. It is the property of Stephenie Meyer. The characters are all hers, however the plot and Ayden are all mine. I am not military nor do I have any affiliation with the military. However, before writing this story I spoke with a good friend who does have military affiliation. Jasper's quick rise through the ranks is not feasable in the time period he managed to acheive his rank, but for the sake of my story I have played around with this a bit. Just keep in mind that it is not possbile in the real world. I hope you enjoy the first chapter, this is my second Twilight story, but my first shot at a Jasper and All Human one. :) Happy reading! Jasper PoV: I stretched my legs as I stood to exit the plane and walked into the crowded airport in Sacramento, California. Making my way to the baggage claim, I pulled my phone out of my pocket and turned it back on. I was supposed to be meeting my older brother, Peter, at the airport. Some of our high school friends were going to stay at a cabin in Lake Tahoe for a four-day vacation. I was able to get a five-day leave from my commanding officer at Fort Irwin. My cousin, Rosalie, called me to give me the basics of the trip and then told me Peter would be able to pick me up at the airport. We would drive to the cabin a friend of theirs owned, where she and Emmett would be waiting. Edward and his high school love Bella would be there, as well as Edward's twin sister and Bella's best friend, Alice and her boyfriend Demetri. We all kept in contact as best we could, mainly through emails and occasional phone calls since we were all scattered across the Pacific coast. I talked to my brother and Rosalie and Emmett more than the others. When I reached the baggage claim, I called Peter while I waited for my luggage to make its way out on the conveyer belt. "Hey, man, where are you? I'm at the baggage claim," I said when Peter answered. "Yeah. Sorry, dude. We hit a road block on the way to the cabin and got delayed, but don't worry, one of Rosalie and Bella's friends is going to pick you up. She's the one that owns the cabin, we invited her, too, and she should be there already." "Does she have a name?" I asked as I spotted my green duffel bag. "Yes, Ayden. I know it's unique, but she's a real sweetheart. Bella met her at a bookstore somewhere in San Francisco and they became good friends," Peter responded. I picked up my bag and slung it over my shoulder as I scanned the crowd. My six-foot-four-inch height gave me the advantage to see over the other people. "What does she look like?" I questioned. "Average height, maybe five-six, short compared to you," he rambled. "Brown hair, blue eyes. She's cute, said she'd be wearing a red jacket." "I see her. See you in a few hours, bro," I replied, not waiting for a response before I closed my phone and slipped it in my pocket. I made my way to the woman standing near a large plant with her arms crossed across her chest. She was scanning the crowd, but she hadn't seen me yet. Peter's use of the word cute didn't do this woman justice. Ayden was beautiful with thick chocolate tresses, an oval face, and creamy skin. She wasn't very tall, like Peter had said, but her buttoned pea coat showed that her petite form still had womanly curves. Finally her eyes spotted my advancing form. The bright blue orbs widened momentarily, and a look of shock crossed her feminine features before she smiled and uncrossed her arms. When I reached her, I came to a stop and held out my hand. "I'm Jasper Whitlock, Peter's brother. Ayden, correct?" I asked. "Yes, Ayden Strader. It's nice to meet you, Jasper." She slid her hand into mine and squeezed it slightly before pulling back. "Do you have all your bags?" she asked. I nodded. "I don't pack anything but the basics." "Sounds good. My truck is in temporary parking. We should hit the road now; it will take us about two and a half hours to get there." "I'll follow you," I replied and trailed close behind her as we walked out into the cold late afternoon air. Ayden was silent as we reached a navy blue Chevy Colorado with an extended cab. She unlocked the bed cover and folded it in half. I set my bag down next to a suitcase, dog bed, and giant bag of dog food. Ayden shut the cover, locked it, and climbed into the vehicle. She literally had to jump up and into the cab of the truck. I suppressed my chuckle and slid into the passenger seat. "So, Peter said you were in the Army," she probed once we had hit the interstate. "Joined when I was eighteen. I entered as a private, and after eight years and four deployments, I'm a Major." "That's incredible. I grew up near Fort Campbell in Kentucky so a lot of my friends from college were married to men in the military. From my basic knowledge of the Army, and I admit I know very little even growing up so close, you advanced through the ranks very quickly." "I did," I stated proudly. There was a select group of women who were strong enough to live with a military man, and I noticed Ayden didn't seem uncomfortable with my chosen profession. Growing up near a base must have allowed her to see the true Army life. "I kept myself focused on my future and my job, which was what I loved to do." "There isn't anything wrong with serving your country. It's not something everyone can or will do," Ayden said with a smile. "It takes a very strong person." We were silent for a moment before I asked Ayden a question. "What do you do? I mean, you know I'm in the military, but I don't know what you do." "I'm not anything special. I teach second grade at an elementary school in San Francisco," she responded. "Teachers are important and special. Without you, a lot of children in America wouldn't stand a chance at a future." "Where are you stationed?" she questioned next. "Fort Irwin. I was at Fort Sill for four years, Benning for three, and then this is my second year in good ole Cali. Were you born in California?" "No, I grew up in Tennessee near Fort Campbell, went to a private school and then the local university. I earned my bachelor's degree and teaching license. When I ended a bad relationship, I picked up the pieces and decided to move out west," she said, ending with a smile on her face. "I'm following in my aunt's footsteps. Except I don't work for AT&T, nor do I make nearly as much as she does." Ayden gasped and quickly looked at me before turning back to the road. "Oh, gosh, please don't take that to mean all I care about is money. I certainly don't care one bit, obviously, I'm a teacher. I didn't pick this career for the paycheck. My career is all about the students, their achievements is enough of a paycheck for me." "Then why did you become a teacher?" I questioned lightly, trying to ease her anxiety. A light seemed to make her blue eyes glow as she thought about her profession. "I teach to see the light bulb effect." "The light bulb effect?" I replied, thoroughly intrigued. "Mmhm, when a student who has been struggling to say a certain sound or word, or solve a math problem, finally gets it and that light bulb goes off. They get this huge smile on their face because they finally understand, and you feel good because you helped them get there." "Sounds to me like you do something you enjoy each day." "Oh, I love my students, even the ones that give me a headache some days, and the ones that make me what to pull my hair out at the end of the day every day." We both laughed and continued to chat as Ayden drove. I learned she had a dog named Simba, who was already at the cabin with Bella and Edward. She had just turned twenty-five in October. She loved Japanese and Chinese food. Her favorite color was pink. She bruised easy like Bella, but didn't fall down as much. Ayden did however admit to having a tendency to bump into tables, kitchen islands, door knobs, and other furniture. She had to wear glasses to drive and read, but refused to wear contacts, something about not being able to touch her eye because it freaked her out. Her favorite book was White Fang , but she knew the Little House on the Prairie , Harry Potter , and Lord of the Rings series by heart. She loved dressing up for Halloween and decorating for any holiday. We both shared a love for horses, cowboy boots, and country music. Ayden couldn't play an instrument, but she requested to see me play my guitar one day. She liked to sing, but didn't think she sounded very good. She had been on vacation to New York City, San Antonio, and Daytona while I had been to Seattle, Los Angeles, and Houston. Ayden listened attentively and was honestly interested in my responses to her questions. She knew my favorite color was green, but I loved red on a woman. That may have been said in an attempt to both flirt with and flatter Ayden. She had a red and black argyle sweater on under her coat. I had perfect vision. My favorite book was For Whom the Bell Tolls . I despised sushi, but didn't have a favorite food; any meat was good. Ayden eventually quieted as she concentrated on directing the vehicle up the mountain in the fading evening light. "Would you like if I drove?" I offered. "I can't let you drive. You just flew in from Fort Irwin, besi–" "Besides nothing, pull over in this driveway and switch places with me. We already discussed the fact that I see way better than you." "Oh hush," Ayden retorted, but she was already pulling into the driveway. We quickly switched places, and I continued to drive along the narrow road. "When you reach the next road, turn right," Ayden instructed. The path became rougher the farther we went. We turned right again, but this time we reached a clearing that opened up to reveal a large two-story log cabin; flood lights lit up the exterior and surrounding yard. Two trucks and Emmett's red Jeep were already parked off to the side. "It's beautiful up here. Peter said this was your cabin," I mentioned as I parked the truck and we hopped out. I carried in my bag and the fifty pound bag of dog food, while Ayden wheeled her suitcase and carried the dog bed. "Yes. Technically speaking my parents' names are on the deed to the house and property, but they still live in Tennessee and only come up a few times a year. Any other time, it's mine to rent out or use for myself in instances such as this." She grinned. "Come on, soldier. It smells like Bella's started cooking already." "Have you met everyone?" I asked as we made our way along the stones that were bordered by solar-powered lanterns that led from the parking area up to the front of the cabin. "Only Bella, Edward, Rosalie, and Emmett in person. I talked to your brother over the phone. He was the one that sent for me to pick you up since he couldn't make