"Rejected." Mazikeen Romanov looked over at her father, studying his expression to make sure he wasn't joking, but inside, she knew that he didn't joke. Rejected. There hadn't been a Romanov banned from Koldovstoretz in… in ever! She could see all of the expressions crossing his face. Anger, disgust, and most of all, disappointment. Of all the expressions, she never expected that one and it hurt. She had learned throughout life that her father had wanted a son, but he ended up with her instead. Taking a deep breath, she straightened her posture. "May I please be excused?" He waved a hand, not even bothering to cast her a second glance. Hurrying out of the room, she walked up the stairs to her wing of the house and slowly treaded on, looking at thy family portraits as they glared at her. "Mazikeen Romanov. I'll say it every day to remember the name that shames the reputation of this family." She looked over at it. "Remember Uncle Thaddeus. I could always cut around your frame and get you out, so don't tempt me or the depths of Tartarus will seem like a weekend trip to Fiji in comparison to what I'll do to you." He silenced himself and watched behind her as she walked along the hallway, ignoring the stares that followed her, grumbles echoing through the halls about how the name Romanov was meant for strong sons, not weak willed women. Once she made it to her room, she made her way over to her bed, looking at the ceiling. Sometimes, she wished that she had been born a boy. Maybe her father would be proud of her for once. Hell, she might have even looked like him. They were polar opposites in most ways, but similar in a few. He was the great Elazar Romanov, Lord of the Most Noble and Ancient House Romanov. She sometimes hated her ancestry, how she was treated because of it. The Romanovs descended from High Elves, something that they took great pride in, often bragged about it. It sometimes made her feel like a circus act. People demanded to see her ears and her teeth, like she was some kind of horse instead of a human being. Her father was known around the wizard world as one of the most handsome men alive, "Sex on a Stick" as Witch Weekly liked to refer to him as. Of course she had the sharp features of her Elvish ancestors. The Elvish blood had yet to dilute in her line, either, seeing as her father was half Elvish himself, as well as her mother. There were only two wizarding families that had Elvish blood pumping through their veins, the Romanovs and the Odiums, as her mother was. The two were in an arranged marriage and her mother couldn't stay with her father for some unknown reason, so she took Mazikeen about a month after she was born and fled Sicily, away from her father and her paternal grandparents. Her murder three years later was the reason Mazikeen was living with her father again. There was only one reason she didn't run away herself. Well two, one of which was standing in her open doorway. "Mazikeen? Are you okay?" She looked up to see her Elvish companion, Argo. She didn't think her father would allow Argo to live with them after they saved him from slavers on a trip to the Congo, but for once, he took her feelings into accord and for almost as long as she had been in the custody of her father, Argo had been her Charge. Feeling a weight on her bed, she felt him sit down, his body aligning with hers as he stared into her mirror. It was odd how similar the two of them looked. From the blonde hair to the pale skin, the slender builds, pointed ears, though his were longer than hers, slightly pointed canines, etc. The only thing that set them apart were their eyes. Where Argo had pale blue eyes, Mazikeen had sharp grey eyes, a black ring around her iris. They were her mother's eyes. She didn't remember much about the woman, but she knew for a fact that they looked alike. Her hair was cut short, just above her ears in an intentionally messy style for the day. "Do you think I'm a curse, Argo?" He looked over at her with an incredulous expression. "Failure? Mazikeen, you're amazing! Why would you think that?" She shrugged. "The portraits constantly say that I'm a disgrace to the Romanov name. This is a house that only sires sons and for once, I'm born a girl, the first one in nine generations. Why wasn't I a boy?" He shrugged, sitting next to her. "Maz, if you asked any Druid that has had the convenience of meeting you, they would worship the ground that you walk on, you know that? There hasn't been a female Druid since the Islandmagee witch trial, and nine generations ago. You being born is a sign, Maz. Your birth marked a new beginning for your kind You're so special , Maz, and you don't even see it. Don't let the things your father or some smelly portrait says ruin what makes you special. You were not meant to be some cold, ruthless leader that has no other goal in life to do nothing but win and be better than anyone. You're caring, you're strong willed, you're fair, and in my opinion, you're the best friend anyone could have. Their words are poison, Maz. Don't listen to them." He watched her eyes scan the mirror, a frown on her face. "You're the most powerful person I know. You know, aside from your dad. I know Lord Romanov can be hard on you all the time, Mazi, but he still trains you in magic every day and he lets you get runes, so he must see something in you that those smelly portraits don't see in you." Ah yes, Runes. The Romanov family had one of the most powerful magical histories to date simply because they still practiced Old Magick. The difference between Old Magick and Wizardry was fairly obvious. The main difference was that those who practiced Old magick did not use wands. It was simply pointless, seeing as a wand is merely a conduit. She found Wizardry rather interesting and she found that it was much safer to use than Old Magick. With Wizardry, you are trained to channel your magic into your wand, which then processes the magic in place of your Magick had rules because how powerful it was. While performing Old Magick, one must be in peak physical and mental condition. It is literally a necessity because if your body cannot process the raw power within you, it could kill you. Another thing that was important were Runic Markings, also known as Runes. They were marks branded into your body once you achieved a certain level in your powers that both serves as a means of protection against possible threats, including your own Magick, and as an identification method for others that Practiced Old Magick, which were a little far and in between. So far, she had six. They were mostly protection Runes put in place by her father. Well, they were designed by him. He may have disliked her, but she was still his heir and for that, she would never be unprotected, especially since her father had many enemies. Her first runes were two on both of her sides, the one on her right side depicting a gray wolf and the other depicting the legendary Thunderbird, the only bird rarer than the Albino Phoenix. The wolf was a symbol of the Romanov family. She was told that it was because many people believed that they descended from wolves before their Elvish ancestry was revealed, causing many of them to be shunned because they were believed to be werewolves. Her father was known by many of her other relatives as Lupus Fortium, which meant mighty wolf in Latin, something she's been forced to learn at the age of seven. Evidently, vigorously training in an ancient magical practice is no excuse to slip on your studies, so her week consisted of five days of studying, two days of Magick, one day of combat training, and one day of meditation. Studying was twelve hours, combat training was six, magic training was until she couldn't train anymore, and meditation was all day. At first, she cried every day, but eventually, she got used to it. Now, she could do it in her sleep. It had been a long ten years, if that made any sense. Her third Rune was one on her neck. It was a feather, something she thought of on her own. Her father wasn't always home at every waking moment and when she had free time, she would go flying on her broom and almost always fall off and injure herself, which, in turn, halted her training, so he actually activated the per se, then she actually designed how it would look. Now, when she fell off of her broom, she practically bounced off of the ground. Well, that wasn't particularly true, she didn't come out of it completely unscathed, but she could attend training after a fall. Fourth was a Rune that went from her right wrist to her right shoulder, of a dragon. When she was seven years old, she activated some Elemental abilities, and for once, her father seemed satisfied with something that she had done. Of course she had studied about it, but she figured that her father never thought to teach it to her because she had only ever had one particular flare up of Elemental magic hen she was two, as her maternal grandfather had told him, but he didn't believe the man and wrote him off as crazy. Elementals weren't particularly uncommon in Druids, as people like her were called due to their expansive knowledge in magic and Magick alike, but in Witchcraft, it was about as rare as a metamorphagus. Continuing, he got her a dragon egg and tasked her hatching the egg as part of her base Elemental training, which of course was fire. She had to get the rune for when the dragon did eventually hatch so that she wouldn't get severely burned by the small creature. His condition was that if she failed, he would double her training and study schedule for a year, something she could barely handle, so she worked very hard on it. He hatched and he was evidently an undiscovered dragon. That was, when she took him to a dragon preserve in Romania. When she took him to a specialist in Egypt, they said that he was a dragon simply known as ahi rangi , or sky fire as one was first spotted on the island of Mo'orea, an island in French Polynesia, coming out of a volcano. The people thought that it was a sign from the gods that they had done something horribly wrong, a curse upon humanity for horrid acts that they had committed. When he was born, she named him Ahi, naturally. Like all dragons, he grew at an alarming rate and caught a lot of things on fire, which led to her father saying that she needed to get rid of him. As an act of rebellion, she sent him to a dragon preserve in Polynesia, not one in Romania as her father suggested. Her fifth rune went across the back of her right shoulder, the phases of the moon. It represented her as a Creature of the Night, something that she hated to be referred to as, but her father found it funny. It protected her from creatures like werewolves, vampires, hags, the lot of creatures of the night. As a halfbreed, another thing she hated, she was considered a CoN as well as her father and mother.