I honestly should not be starting this...but my imagination just kicked in. I love reading about Harad and it intrigues me that so little is explored in the books and in the Tolkien world so I played around with this idea in my head. I have not read the books in quite awhile actually. So maybe I better dig them up to refresh my mind. I own nothing of course but I think we all pretty much know that... 1. ... .. . It was Sulaana who first told me of the Old One in more detail. Aside from the few whispers of times passed, such histories were taboo. In those whispers there was also talk of some in Sulaana's tribe who revered the Old One still. I had tried to ignore such things upon my first meeting with my brother's wife-to-be, a girl a few years older than I. But after her marriage to my brother, when she settled in and we grew closer, I realized how false such talk must have been. It did not stop my curiosity however, and Sulaana often indulged in my childish questions of the Old One. We would lie in my tent on days too hot for anything else and she would speak of the time when our people sought help from this almost forgotten power. There was no pretense in her words for she treated me as an equal, not a child or the daughter of the Overlord. We would laugh freely as the sun passed across the sandy dunes we called home. And when my brother was away fighting, Sulaana slept in my tent and showed me her tattoos as we readied for sleep. "Sulanna," I would whisper as the lanterns and candles cast shadows upon the colorful tent walls. "May I see your marriage tattoo once more?" She would laugh and turn her palm towards me. Upon her delicate hand the dark red tattoo resembled a beaded bracelet that extended up her palm and wrapped around her middle finger. Her smile would be knowing and her eyes would sparkle in the dimness of the night. The marriage tattoo joined her birth, womanhood and pledge to the Eye on her smooth right hand. "How I wish you could tattoo your life upon your hand, Israa." Her sigh would fill the room and her hands would reach for mine. "I know it is not the way of this tribe, but it would bring me happiness to know I would not be alone in my markings. I often feel different among your people." I tried to study her face in the growing darkness, for the candles had started to blow out one by one. Her large sloping eyes were gentle but I could see she missed her tribe people. "They are your people now as well. You are part of us." "Yes, well." And she had given me a secretive grin, one that made me pounce on her and ask what she was keeping. She had giggled until finally I sulked among my cushions. With a well tossed pillow at her face, she relented."I am truly glad I am part of your clan and tribe. Your brother is very kind and handsome." I tried to hide my disappointment of this statement, for I had been expecting some great secret. "So you love Adhen?" She had nodded shyly. "I cannot imagine spending my whole life with a stranger. But I suppose you have been lucky to know Adhen before your marriage." Sulaana mulled over that. "That is true, Israa. Many high born girls are placed into marriages for alliances and wealth. But I truly care for your brother. And besides, he is very good at kissing." "I do not wish to hear such things of my brother!" I had shrieked and covered my ears as she laughed. And when the last candle had been blown out we would drift off to sleep, dreams of the desert wind blowing our future towards us. In my dreams I fed the baby Mûmakil that were kept in the large pens on the outer reaches of our settlement. These creatures would grow to be fierce warriors, and we admired them greatly. Sulaana was also a lover of these creatures, for her tribe did not have a large number as we did. We often shared many things together and it was through her that I learned many things that I should have learned from my mother, who had died when I was but a child at her skirts. That was how Sulaana became the favorite of my brothers' wives. Alas, when morning came and along with it my father, I would beam up at his tall figure as he carried some new treasure from his travels. I had always been the pampered child, but my brothers did not despise me for it. I had believed them to be kind and loving, for who could not envy a girl-child who was given everything her naive heart could desire? I was very blind to believe that was their reason for lack of envy. It had never occurred to me that they knew those innocent, childish days of mine could not last long. As my sixteenth year approached, my father bade me hide my face behind a beautiful sheer veil when I walked among our people. If I wished to play with the newborn m ûmakil in their pens, I had to wait for my newly appointed lady servants and slaves. They clucked at me to cover my pretty skirts and tunic with a wrap for I was a Rani and no man was worthy of gazing too long at my figure. I did not question any of our ways, for though I had no mother to teach me, my father still brought trinkets and pets when he returned from his trading. Though I no longer had the little freedoms of my childhood, I was still fortunate to be loved and cared for. I did not imagine that it was all to change. The winter I was to turn sixteen there was a celebration for the victory our people had dealt the Northern men who dared defy the Eye. My father had recently returned with my eldest brother Ibnet from the war and a great feast had been planned. The morning of the feast I had been joined by my sister-in-laws to finish the garlands we would wear in our hair. They were each different in the jewels and flowers that embellished the silver circlets. We sat on my cushioned floors, the morning air crisp as we focused on our task. "Do you think you shall be happy in the East Lowland Tribe?" My brother's wife Rhanisi had asked me as we continued threading the desert flowers into our circlets. She was very skilled and her eyes were on me as her fingers worked. The question had confused me and I could not comprehend what she was referring to. The East Lowland Tribe was miles away from us, though they traveled the dunes in the cooler season when they could trade with us. For the most part they were not nomads like us and I could see no reason why we would visit them. I looked to Sulaana for help, but she had been looking at her headband in earnest, her brow furrowed. And so I looked to my brother's wife and asked what she had meant. This innocent inquiry had received odd looks, and Rhanisi hesitated before she answered. "Why, my dear Rani you truly do not know of your own future?" "My future?" "Your father surely has revealed his intentions for your marriage." I remember the panic I had felt as they all sat in silence at her words. My face had become numb though I could feel the blood pounding in my ears. It was not a thing I had imagined hearing from these women. A marriage was discussed between the head of the clan and the daughter. Why had my father not told me? "Where-where have you heard such a thing?" I whispered, catching Sulaana's worried eyes. "You knew as well?" Her small nod was followed by my gasp. "I'm sorry, Israa! Your brother forbade me to tell you." Her eyes dropped to her hands, fixing upon her marriage tattoo. She flexed her fingers and I watched as the beads danced. "It is surprising your father has not told you." Rhanisi murmured. "Now I have broken my word to Ibnet for he instructed silence on my part as well. But I was so certain the Overlord would tell you these few weeks before the wedding." Her words had sent me into a heap on the floor, clutching my flowered headdress to my chest. Sulaana rushed to my side, begging me to remain calm. But she could not comfort me from the shock. Kumel's new wife named Abenni knelt next to me, offering encouraging words. Rhanisi had soon followed her lead. "Oh Israa, truly it is not the end of everything. You knew this would come eventually." Abenni held my hand. "The East Lowland Tribe is known for their beautiful art and you shall be close to the Green City. Besides, I have seen Ab-Sahrad and he is very strong and wealthy." Rhanisi tried to comfort me, but despite the wisdom that came with her older years I could not bring myself to believe this. For how could I sign my life away so easily to a man I had never before see? Indeed the way of our people was not so harsh as to give me away so easily. The hollow part in my heart was aching at my father's decision to offer my hand without my consent or knowledge. "Ab-Sahrad!" I cried. "Is that the name of the man I am to be sold to?" "Dear Rani , honestly! You are forming an alliance with a great tribe." Rhanisi took my headdress from my hands and placed it upon my head, stroking the dark waves from my face. "You shall be a wealthy Overlord's wife, a woman to be admired, with more wealth than you have here." "But I am to leave." My eyes had stung with heavy tears. "I am to live amongst strangers for the rest of my life." Sulaana had taken me into her arms then, her sweet perfume and warmth soothing my tears slightly. She was gentle as the small bump that was her belly nudged me, for she was with child now. "Come now, Israa. I know more than any of us here what it is like to leave one's tribe. It is true that I cared for your brother before our marriage but you shall learn to love Ab-Sahrad." "What if he is cruel?" I cried against her shoulder, ignoring all pride for the sake of being coddled. The thought of becoming a wife, of leaving my home and family frightened me more than anything I could imagine. My child's heart was breaking. "Sweet Israa," Sulaana had begun stroking my hair. "I too have seen this Overlord. He is known for being just and fair. Your father would not agree to marry you to a cruel man." They all had agreed, nodding in encouragement and speaking delicately of the beautiful wedding I would have. My gown would be the deep purple color of a bride, with golden trim to signify our clan. My mother's jewels would be draped from my ears, neck, wrists and ankles. I would be fitted with a new stud in my right nostril, for I was to be a married woman. They spoke until midnight of the honors I would receive, of the great alliance we would make with the East Lowland Tribe and my duty to the Eye. But I did not listen to their words as they blessed me with hopes of a lucky wedding. Rhanisi prayed for my future husband's family to be kind,