A/N: This story begins at the end of OotP. Many major plot elements from the original series remain (Draco's task, the Vow, horcruxes, etc.), but the story itself diverges rather sharply. I own nothing, and I make no money from this story. Prologue Despite his best efforts, Severus Snape's arms and legs shook as he lowered himself into the armchair across from the headmaster. "Severus?" the older man questioned, frowning. So marked was his concern that he failed to proffer the usual lemon drop. "He was… displeased with everyone, as we knew he would be. The loss of the prophecy upset him greatly." "But the cruciatus?" "He was using it rather indiscriminately. For my part, he thought I should have kept the other children from accompanying Potter." The potions master quirked his lips. On a softer man the expression might have been a wry smile, but on the harsh lines of his face the expression was one of derision. "You took a potion?" "On the staircase." The headmaster frowned. "You ought to let Poppy have a look at you when we're through here." Severus responded as he always did to queries about his health: by changing the subject. "He's targeting the boy, now more than ever. I know you had hoped that he would turn his attentions to the Ministry, now that he's been forced into the open, or even that he would turn to you. But we underestimated his obsession with the dratted child." The twinkle in the headmaster's eyes, already subdued, went out entirely. "You're sure?" "Quite. He's prioritizing it even over releasing the Death Eaters captured in the Ministry debacle from Azkaban." Severus paused, closing his eyes briefly. "Worse, it seems that Lucius had been gathering information, whether through the Ministry or through Draco. The Dark Lord knows that the boy's home is in Little Whinging. They're likely to try for him in London, and then any time he leaves the house." "Harry must be hidden, then. He is not yet ready to face Tom, and he is too vulnerable where he is." "You think Potter will submit to staying in hiding any more than that mongrel ever did?" Severus sneered. The headmaster smiled. "Ah, but I don't intend to keep Harry hidden the way we did Sirius—about whom you might be slightly more polite, especially now that he is dead. Oh no, I know quite as well as you that would never work." "What do you intend, then?" Albus opened a drawer in his desk and withdrew a letter. Running his fingers over the broken seal, he raised his head and returned his gaze to Severus. "I've had a letter from Maureen O'Malley. She's dying—her core is inflamed, and they didn't catch it in time. Couldn't have, since she hadn't been to see a healer for almost a decade." "Maureen? Dying? But she's no older than I…" "She's outlived two of her closest friends for more than a decade—three of them, in all the ways that count. The war took its toll on Maureen, as it has on all of us." "She's been visiting Alice in St. Mungo's for years. In all that time, none of the healers saw that her core was inflamed?" Severus dropped to a whisper, sorrow for once coloring the anger in his voice. Albus sighed. "She says it was the healer on Alice's ward who finally noticed. Healers don't generally examine visitors unless they're visiting vulnerable patients, you know—a matter of privacy, I believe." "You're telling me this now to ensure that my evening is as roundly unpleasant as possible?" Severus pinched the bridge of his nose, attempting to ward off the headache that he could feel closing in. "Of course not, my boy," Albus remonstrated. "You know I take no delight in your discomfort. No, Maureen wrote to ask if there was anything she could do to aid in the fight against Tom. She says she will feel better facing Marlene and Lily again if she does something to help the cause that they died for." "And the guilt-induced good intentions of a dying woman help us how, exactly? A woman who, I need not remind you, ran off to seclusion in Ireland to avoid the war and its aftermath?" "Because she is offering exactly what we need to hide Harry, of course! She has lived so secluded for so long, and outside of England—it presents quite the opportunity we need to give Harry a new identity." "How, Albus? How do you propose to give the most recognized boy in Britain a new identity?" The twinkle was most decidedly returning to the headmaster's eyes, much to Severus' dismay. At this last question, the old wizard beamed. "A blood adoption in the old form, of course. Harry will receive a new set of features belonging to his adopted parents, and he will be able to change back and forth into his original form when needed, if at a considerable magical and physical cost." "Blood adoptions in the old form require two parents, Albus." The old man was twinkling again, damn him. "Of course. But you and Maureen spent a great deal of time comforting each other after Lily's death, didn't you?" "Things never went that far, Albus!" Pink blossomed on Severus' pale cheeks, betraying his mortification. "And besides, I hate the brat! He despises me in return! You cannot possibly want me to be a father to him!" "Does anyone know that things never went that far? It seems to me that most of your Death Eater colleagues were rather busy in those first months after Lily's death, and you've never been one to share personal details with your colleagues here at Hogwarts." "Of course no one knows! My private life is and has always been private! But I never wanted any son, Albus, much less James Potter's brat!" "Can you think of any other option that will keep Harry safe? Any other option with a better than even chance of keeping him alive? You yourself admitted that he cannot be kept hidden from the world, not ten minutes ago." Severus grimaced in response. "It is necessary for Harry's safety, Severus. I have asked many things of you, I know. This one, at least, I can hope will be less distasteful than you fear. Harry loves easily and forgives easily, and the two of you have more in common than you think." "So you've said for the past five years, and yet I remain unconvinced. I suppose I must accede in order to keep the brat safe, but do not pretend that playing guardian to Potter can possibly bring me anything but a great deal of frustration and inconvenience," Severus huffed. "As you wish. I am of course very grateful that you are willing to take him in—" "Grateful? Pah. You know I have no real choice, not when the boy's safety is at stake." # # # Two days later at precisely three minutes past 4 PM, 15-year-old Harry Potter rode the moving staircase up to the headmaster's office. Less than a week had passed since he had half-destroyed Dumbledore's office, and he was nervous about facing the room and its occupant again. But the headmaster had sent for him, so here he was. Dumbledore greeted him with a smile, as if their last meeting had never happened at all. "Harry, my boy! Do come in and sit down. Lemon drop?" "Um, thanks." Harry blushed and took the lemon drop, more because it gave him something to do than out of any real desire for it. He sat gingerly in the squashy armchair facing the desk, studiously examining the grain of wood on the desk's front rather than meeting the headmaster's gaze. Albus Dumbledore took the opportunity to study the boy in front of him. Harry looked tired, overwhelmed by grief. The headmaster found himself wishing once again that he could ask less of this boy, spare him further pain and discomfort: but he had already erred in that direction with Harry, and he could not afford to do so again. And so he cleared his throat and began to speak. "I'm afraid that I have rather discomfiting news, Harry." At this the boy suddenly looked up, green eyes wide with anxiety. "Has someone else been killed?" "Oh no, nothing like that. No, the Death Eaters have been too busy regrouping to go on the offensive this past week, though we cannot expect that to last long now that the Ministry has acknowledged Riddle's return." Here Dumbledore paused, searching for the right way to begin. "I'm afraid that Riddle's reaction to last week's debacle at the Ministry has been to focus his attention even more obsessively on you." "Does that make any difference? It's not like he hasn't been after me all along." "I'm afraid it does. Since his return last year he had prioritized acquiring the prophecy, and when he targeted you before that he never had more than one or two followers to assist him. He was also avoiding Ministry attention, before. Now, forced into the open and with the prophecy out of his reach, he is likely to act more decisively." "I thought the Aurors captured most of the Death Eaters at the Ministry. That has to hold him back, doesn't it?" "Perhaps a little, but less than you might think. Only a fraction of Riddle's followers were present at the Ministry, and I do not think we can expect Azkaban to remain secure for long." "Oh." Harry grimaced in dismay. "I had hoped that Riddle would turn his focus in other directions, Harry. But alas, I have reason to believe that he is now more focused on you than ever. As things are, you are not safe." "Have I ever been safe, sir? I still don't see that it makes much difference." Dumbledore winced, keenly aware that he had been unable to keep Harry as safe as he would have liked, that he had at some moments encouraged Harry to face danger, despite his care for the child. Dearly as he might love Harry, his first priority was the defeat of Riddle. It had to be. For neither can live while the other survives . "Perhaps never as safe as one might have wished. But you have never faced danger so intensely for such a duration. I'm afraid that our best option is for you to go into hiding, Harry, as you are not yet ready to face him." "Hiding!" Harry yelped, dismay writ large on his face and in his voice. "Please, I don't think I could bear to be shut away, like Sirius was. I— I just couldn't. Especially not at Grimauld Place." "Rest assured, I have no attention of shutting you away. It was a mistake with Sirius, and it would be a greater mistake with you." "Then how will I be hidden?" "That is something I cannot tell you yet, Harry. I have made arrangements on your behalf, but it is essential that no one know the details, especially not your friends." "I won't be able to talk to them?" Real desperation showed on Harry's face. The headmaster noticed, and it pained him. "I think we may be able to arrange for the occasional exchange of letters, carefully filtered. But nothing more—the risk is simply too great. I'm sorry." Both wizards paused for a few moments, reflecting. Eventually Harry discovered that he had a question, and after another moment managed to voice it. "When— when do I go?" "Tomorrow when the other students depart on the train. Pack your trunk as if you were taking it—the House Elves will take it for you. You may walk down to the platform with the other students, but do not board the train. You may tell those who ask that I'm insisting you travel separately, as a matter of safety. You may tell Mr. Weasley and Miss Granger that you are going into hiding, and