They say there is a fine line that separates man from beast, the sane from the insane and the light from the dark. Barty Crouch Jr. had not only spent his entire life on that line, he felt it hanging around his neck like a noose. Until he met Luna Lovegood, the witch who gathered the ends of that proverbial noose in her own hands, to keep him by her side. (One-Shot- COMPLETE) "He ne'er is crowned with immortality, who fears to follow where airy voices lead" - John Keats Rated M for Darker themes and Sexual content. A/N- The idea of Barty x Luna came from the Disney Drabble series and as I started to explore a longer story as part of the Our Tapestry one -shot collection….what is posted here began to take shape. Turns out Barty had a lot more to say than expected! A lot of folks have heard me talking about this as I worked on it off and on for about three months...as I am seldom silent when excited about a project...and I thank you for all of your encouragement. This story would not have posted if it wasn't for Calebski who went above and beyond as an Alpha reader through several drafts and left me pages of comments that helped make this writing stronger. She is a constant encouragement and I'm very grateful for her feedback. She understood right away how I wanted to get this one right and devoted a lot of time in helping me get to where I felt proud to post this. Thank you, Calebski! I hope you enjoy… and thank you in advance for those that take the time to leave a review. 2 May 1998- The Present "If you have returned to me…" "Then it is over." Barty Crouch Jr. finished the sentence his companion seemed unable to as her voice trailed off. Running a bruised hand over his jaw and down his throat, he swallowed down the urge to tell her more. It wasn't needed. In time, she would ask for more, as she always seemed to do but for now Barty knew instinctively that she was taking time to process the gravity of what had just happened. The battle was over. The war was over. The Dark Lord was dead. A large part of that thanks to the witch in front of him. She was sitting there, pristine and pure surrounded by a faint, blue light looking evermore the ethereal woman he'd become so devoted to, the trunk of the oak against her back making the perfect throne. She'd been here on her hill the entire time, hidden away from the fighting but able to see the flashes of colour and blasts of magic from her perch. Barty wondered if she had ever doubted if he wouldn't return with the news she was desperate to hear. He knelt in silence again, the humming in his mind that he was now used to taking his focus as she continued to stare out straight ahead, her forehead puckered as she craned her neck to see the dusty grounds of her old school far below. It was odd to him that so much had taken place in the span of a few hours, odder still that he had managed to survive it. It was because of her. His witch. Ever since she had called him closer to the bars that held her captive inside of Malfoy's cellar, fate itself had tilted and twisted to bind his completely with hers. From the first moment she ever truly looked at him, even long before the cellar, he had felt that shift inside. Only now, he didn't bother to fight it, giving in fully as she knew he always would for Barty had been lost in the depth of Luna Lovegood's gaze more times than he could count. Since that first time, she'd slowly taken charge of his mind, body and heart until where he ended and she began became a line so blurred he could no longer see it. Barty suspected she had his soul too, although he was uncertain of how much remained for him to offer up. Luna deserved all he had and much more. It was a devotion that had been building for years and accelerated in recent weeks as she had kept him by her side, preparing for the end of his old Master. To keep patient, an entirely new concept for him, Barty focused on the feeling of the earth pressing into his knees. Soreness had started to return to his overworked muscles as simply kneeling in her presence suppressed the rise of adrenaline of the earlier battle in his veins, making him more aware of the aches in his body. The smell of burning was less overwhelming here on the hillside and he took several deep breaths to try clear the taste of dust in his throat. Light was beginning to return to the sky as the new day dawned. He delighted in how each minute changed the light around the woman before him. Luna's magic was humming over his own. Barty could feeling the tingles of power that was undeniably hers running over every inch of his body and mind. His heart's was slowing too, the rhythm settling into a more familiar pattern and he waited much more calmly with eyes lowered for her to call him closer. This was his show of respect, of submission, to a greater power than any he had known. He knew she liked it even when his Luna would never admit it. At last, she made a soft sigh and whispered his name. It was the indication he had been waiting for and so the Death Eater rose from where he knelt, his eyes still trained downwards in an act of willing surrender to the witch before him. As he stood, Barty caught a glance of a rip in the left sleeve of his robes that exposed dried blood and fading blank ink. The blood could be wiped away but he knew the mark would never truly fade completely. He'd chosen it to be branded into his skin, after all, and had never regretted it more than when it was visible to his Luna. It represented a choice- one he had never been able to outrun, not that he had tried very hard before he met her. A part of him wished for the ability to make a different choice now. Luna did not meet his eye as he approached, gazing out away from him instead from her cross-legged position against the trunk of the craggy oak. There was no need for her to look at him yet, they both knew that when she did it would bring him under her unspoken spell impossibly more. A kiss would do more than that , he thought with an eager grin that he quickly erased. Not now. Cautiously, Barty stepped forward, resisting the urge to wipe away the long strands of matted dark hair that stuck to his sweat-covered face, a gesture of vanity never needed around the tiny blonde girl that he so openly worshiped now. She never cared about appearances, her own usually a carefully concocted shroud of baubles and beads to hide the powerful being he knew laid coiled underneath. Barty understood now that the distraction wasn't just for the others she spent her time around. It was more for herself, to play pretend that she could be an innocent young woman still despite the arsenal of formidable magic coursing through her. Time around Luna had shown him how much she struggled with the changes as well. She had yet to accept her inevitable darkness, only, admitting to it to him in rare moments. She had a lifetime of hiding her real self and only a short while of accepting it. They both knew there was more to her that was left untapped but it was hers to discover. It never mattered how much Barty knew of her secrets, his life was as good as over now. The battle had ended and so had his usefulness. He hadn't want to admit that to himself, the part of him that she had unlocked that yearned for companionship had been in mourning for over a week once they had both realized the end was near. Life had been a bitter struggle for as long as he could remember and while the months tethered to Luna had been a kind of servitude that extended beyond anything he had known, Barty wanted nothing else in this moment than for her to keep him by her side longer. Luna beckoned him again, stretching out her arm to welcome him closer, though it was entirely unnecessary. He would always want to come to her. The urge had been growing more and more since she had taken him over completely. Barty had felt that same need to find her the moment his false master's lifeless body had been destroyed, spilling his truly filthy blood on the stone floor of Hogwarts' Great Hall. He glanced up to gauge her reaction, watching how Luna's silvery-blue eyes never moved from their focus on the fist-sized white crystal resting in her other hand as seconds turned into minutes. Wanting to gain her attention, like a puppy to its owner, which is what he supposed he was, Barty quickly moved closer to settle into his favourite position with his body laid out beside her and his head resting in her lap. He peered up at her then in gilded, reverent silence as his heart slowed to an easy pace, the thoughts previously racing in his mind leaving him in peace as the familiar humming surrounded every part of him. Slowly she stroked his fine hair, pulling the longer strands back from his clammy skin as the edges of her nails scraped his scalp lightly and he released a shuddering breath at the comfort of her touch. He was home in her embrace. Home . A feeling and a place he had thought lost to him the moment his father's voice had rang through the Wizengamot chambers to denounce him forever and his mother had turned her head to hide her tears from him. Except he had known they were there, the shaking of his mother's shoulders had haunted his murky dreams for years as he floated between reality and magical submission under the silky texture of his father's invisibility cloak. However warped he understood it to be, even in a mind as rotten as his, Barty knew he was home when he felt Luna's gentle touch. He was home in how she made him feel like an equal even as he laid at her feet and in how she held all of this power, letting him have a direct line to it through her touch. To at least feel the potential churning in her made him nearly dizzy, an addicting feeling that was grounding and uplifting together. For however dark he was, he knew this witch of light better than anyone. She was everything to him. His Luna. His moon. "Where is he?" Luna asked after a while. Her voice was soft but he knew the strength behind it. She was not known to him to be one who is light without purpose. Not anymore. Only fools would fall for such an assumption of his witch. Barty also knew there was only one he she cared to know about, the same one he had referred to as his Lord for too many years. "He's dead. The boy tried to finish him but he was too strong. I called the others and we tore him apart at the limbs and burned all the pieces left behind as you instructed me to do." Barty tried to interpret the slight twitch in her pale cheek, falling short to understand as she carded her fingers gently through his hair again. Reaching out