Hello, beautiful people! I hope you have fun traveling around the world with Rolf and Luna! A few things before we begin…. I am not JKR and anything in this world belongs to her as the creator. This story explores some topics I've wanted to dive into regarding the Wizarding world and may differ from information coming from Pottermore/JKR as the Scamander family is in focus right now. I'll be keeping A/N to a minimum but will be posting things to Tumblr on topics such as cultural appropriation, prejudice, magical creature/being status and wizarding politics as connected to this fanfic. Reviews, favorites, follows and shares are welcome and appreciated! Spectacular Adventures - Part One Journal Entry June 1996. Colorado, USA. Rocky Mountains . I've seen many things in my life that have taken my breath away and yet, as I stand here surveying this wonderment, none seem to come to mind. Before me is the beauty of time itself, an endless arrangement of peaks and valleys, jagged rocks and gliding mists that have been here for longer than man. From where I am standing, I can see close to sixty kilometers- even other mountain ranges in the distance are visible and they are impossibly far away! This sight is nothing to compare to mountains in paintings or even the smaller ranges in the Scottish Highlands I've walked in the past. Nothing can prepare a man for seeing what the world looks like from nearly 4,000 meters high where the trees have long left us and the snow caps the mountains even in June. Everything feels so unbelievably big and yet I am able to see it all as clearly as I can an ant hill. It feels overwhelming in the best of ways. How can anyone say that Muggles know nothing of magic? Surely they would understand a simple jinx or charm if they can see something as marvelous as this and understand its magnitude. To the left of me is an older Muggle couple who are both as emotional as I am! They asked me to take a photo of them and the tears in both of their eyes shone through. This is the magic of the Earth, no wands required. Tomorrow, I will be attempting to walk a trail that leads me to where moose have been sighted. I'm sure my benefactors won't mind a slight detour from my original mission, especially if I am able to somehow procure a tuff of moose fur! Note for T.G.O.S. - There is a creature in these parts the Muggles call the jackalope. It's not written about in any wizarding text and I'm not convinced it would be magically classified creature. They seem to think it may have been real at one time but have collectively decided it must be one big farce. In town, the sell knock-off mounts of this creature, a large hare with antlers growing out of its head. I even saw jackalope milk being sold as part of this joke. I thought I would test to see if this creature existed and set out a shallow bowl of Ogden's finest firewhiskey , as the spirit is said to attract them, outside my tent last night along with the crystals and spells I use to help make an area more 'magic friendly' for shy creatures. Well, I'm not sure if this strangely headed hare is myth or not, but my bowl was dry as a bone when I awoke! 18 December 19 96 There was always something undeniably magical about shopping in Muggle London during the holidays, a joy increased tenfold in those final, pressing weeks. The streets were busier than usual thanks to the countdowns posted everywhere as not so subtle reminders for the hurried passers-by to purchase as many gifts as possible before the 25th arrived. There was a special nip in the air that lifted the corners of stranger's mouths as they pushed between other heavily-clothed bodies and pressed close together at shop entrances, eyes sparkling in the glow of holiday lights and bright flashing sale signs. Even the smells were different in December, the colder breezes mixing with scents of various baked goods, wintery spices and the barest hint of evergreens from the boughs and wreaths displayed all around, masking more of the usual petrol and people odors in a most welcome way. Families were out in full force, harried parents passed with small groupings of bundled up children in rainbow colored jackets, their hands smearing the glass of shop windows as they could hardly contain their excitement for the toys and lights displayed just beyond their grasp. On occasion, this eagerness would turn into wanting cries and pouts but even those disturbances were met with better cheer in the joyful season. Everyone seemed to be in on the same unspoken train of thought: It's Christmas and we're going to enjoy it! The bustling about of excited shoppers left Rolf Scamander looking around in awe of it all. For someone who much preferred the seclusion of a dense forest or the calmness of water on a windless day, his holiday shopping trip in the heart of Oxford street brought him a strange sort of joy that seemed almost out of character. He knew that none of his acquaintances would ever believe that he looked forward to this annual trip and they certainly wouldn't imagine that he had particular, wooly Muggle clothes set aside for this very occasion. No one needed to know either, that the non-magical items he brought ready and wrapped to greet them had been selected by him as he mingled side-by-side with Muggles, enjoying his secret tradition. There was much more allure in telling his cohorts the items had been delivered by one of the special Ministry services for ordering from such places. Certainly, the Muggles around him would never suspect that the tall, dark-haired man in the bright green jumper was actually a member of secret society that existed in between places they could not see. They didn't know that he was a skilled wizard who kept a magic wand tucked by his side at all times along vials of select potions, a dried bit of wormwood and a shrunken version of his grandfather's book on all the magical creatures of the world Muggles and wizards shared, a text he had love-hate relationship with at his older age but one that came in handy when he needed quick favors, a reminder of his family's fame and occasional mischief. What Rolf assumed the people around him saw was another busy shopper in a gaudy outfit, smiling at the baubles around him. He prided himself on blending into the crowd, taking these hours to enjoy the normalcy of it all before he had to face the troubles of his society. It was a gift to be surrounded by people who had no idea who he was, no expectations for him and who were shaking with excitement and not with fear. They had no idea of the darkness looming in the corners but he did. He felt it settling into his very bones. Pushing the worrying thoughts aside he continued on, humming again as he happily waved goodbye to various shop owners. The cloth shopping bag he carried got a bit bigger with every jangle of shop's doorbell, a weight Rolf was glad to carry as it kept him grounded in the special feeling of the holidays. Tonight he had an act to perfect, the happy traveler come home to visit his friends, no concerns at all for the impending doom etched on the faces of every witch and wizard he'd seen since he arrived yesterday. For the seventh year in a row, Rolf would be the main entertainment of the party by sharing lavish stories of this year's adventures and passing out little treasures amid copious amount of food and alcohol, all for the delight of well-to-do businessmen who gave him much needed financial assistance for his travels. Many of them worked for the Ministry in some fashion, working long hours in the day and then coming home to unsatisfying lives with their wives and children. They were in a permanent cycle of boredom, always doing what was expected of wizards of their stature and secretly wishing to break free from it. Add to that, the increasing attacks happening in the name of blood supremacy and it created hard-faced men, too tightly wound. Their escape from it all were meeting together as The Grand Order Of Sunderland and tonight was the biggest party of the year for those part of the secret order. The gentleman's group of distinguished wizards started years ago by Rolf's long-time mentor, Cuthbert Mockridge, and modeled heavily from Muggle Freeman traditions. Through many nights spent listening to Cuddy talk about such groups, Rolf understood they had proud histories that spanned centuries back of men gathering together for the betterment of their minds, bodies and spirits. He also understood that for a Pureblood wizard, Cuddy had a long holding fascination with the Freemasons and other muggle groups similar to it, his library full of texts on the subject but his mentor's fascination came from a much deeper place, a longing for the tight companionship of men who saw each other as brothers. The opportunity to create a group of his own came after Cuddy's wife had passed a decade earlier, leaving him alone with no children and scarcely any friends. Hosting dinners and meetings at his estate in Sunderland had given the elder wizard the happiness he was missing and while Rolf didn't participate regularly enough to fully understand the pomp and circumstance, he respected it had become an important part of Cuddy's life. The Grand Order offered the elder wizard a chance to act as a host and mentor for those he admired, many coming from the Ministry due to his life's work in the Department for the Regulation and Control of Magical Creatures. It had also become vital to Rolf's own work, the funding members provided meant he spent far less time in Britain than he would if he relied fully on his Ministry pay. Tonight, with all eleven members present, everything had to be even more spectacular. He had prepared a wooing of these wizard's hearts and spirits before Rolf asked for the biggest sponsorship yet. The extra non-magical items in his bag served a dual purpose of both impressing members but also giving them ways to hide from their wives the borderline illegal artifacts Rolf gave them amid the more common gifts of jelllies and glass paperweights. Checking his list one last time to see it was complete, Rolf quickly made his way to the nearest apparition point, setting his mind's focus on the Mockridge estate. This would be Cuddy's first party since retirement, all preparations were made with his happiness in mind. The front door to the large, yet small in many wealthy wizard's standards, home flung open revealing an elder, portly man with cheeks already reddened by early sips of strong brandy. It seemed his host was in an even cheerier mood than Rolf if his outfit was any indication. Cuddy stood in the doorway, wearing absurdly bright red robes with sparkling gold trim, a festive look completed by the vivid green bowler hat resting askew on his head. "Merlin, Cuddy, that hat would even give Cornelius Fudge pause," he mumbled before stepping closer to the entrance. "Always with the quick wit, my boy," Cuddy said as he adjusted the bowler to a better position. "And look at you, here! Young Mister Scamander, back from another adventure just in time to change his nappy!" Face reddening more with the long chuckle at his own joke, Cuddy stepped forward to usher him inside. Rolf smiled in returned greeting, clasping the jovial man's hand for a hearty shake. "Mm, yes, and if it isn't old Mister Mockridge. And would you even dream it? You've managed