Disclaimer: We do not own Twilight or any of the characters We didn't plan on starting this story, but we really want to get it out there. Give it a chance Read and Review In the dark of the night, a widowed women walked leisurely, along the ominously dark hallways of her sleeping house. It was well past the hour of any child's bedtime and yet from the confines of her own bedroom she could clearly hear her dear Isabella talking as if it were the normal time of day to be throwing tea parties. The women trudged as silently down the hallway as she could, trying desperately not to make too much noise. She wanted to hear what her daughter was doing at this time of night before Isabella got the chance disguise her sneaky actions "How do you know Renee is coming?" She heard Isabella asking curiously. Her voice was velvet and softness wrapped up in a warm blanket of happiness. The women craned her head to the side inquiringly as she stopped outside of her daughter's bedroom door. "She's standing outside of my door?" Isabella's voice was still as curious as ever. The women knew then that her darling Isabella was well aware of her presence. She saw no more need in being discreet. She planned to reprimand her daughter accordingly, send the disobedient girl to sleep, and then retire to sleep herself. Renee turned the knob in her hand, pushed open her daughter's bedroom door, and frowned at the sight before her. Isabella sat perfectly tranquil at the little, yellow tea-table Renee had purchased for her last Christmas. A cooling cup of pretend-tea rested in front of her, a pink tea pot was placed in the middle of the table, and at the other end a small chair was pulled out as if there were someone else enjoying Isabella's dainty tea party with her. "Isabella." Renee said sternly. She looked at her daughter quite peculiarly. "Why are you up so late, little girl?" Isabella opened her mouth to speak but closed it just as quickly. Her brown, doe eyes flickered to the chair across from her. Renee watched her daughter with great apprehension. Dear Isabella appeared to be heavily occupied with listening to something or someone. Yet there was no one else in the room with the two ladies. Isabella chuckled lightly and turned back toward her waiting mother. "I was having a tea party with Edward." "Edward?" Renee asked, unable to mask the hysteria in her voice. "Didn't I tell you not to speak of that name in this house again Isabella? There is no such person called Edward Masen." Isabella glanced towards the chair across from hers again. "Edward says not to believe you. He says that there is a reason why I am the only one who can see him. You would not understand mother." "Oh?" Renee shook her head in confusion, worrying once again about her daughter's sanity. There had always been something not quite right with her daughter and Renee had been reluctant to admit this fact at first. Isabella had always been an odd person. Even as an infant the little girl had displayed qualities unlike any other child Renee had ever seen. Little Isabella had never shed a tear her entire life until the year she had reached age seven. She had fallen off of bikes, broken priceless belongings of hers, and even fractured her ankle. None of that had been severe enough to draw tears out of the girl. But when Renee would insist that her little friend Edward was only a figment of her imagination the girl would explode into a frenzy of uncontrollable sobs. For some reason the little, brown-eyed girl believed wholeheartedly that there was actually some being named Edward Masen. That was not the initial factor that made Renee question her daughter's sanity. It was completely normal for a child to create an imaginary friend for themselves. It was even normal for a child to believe that their imaginary friend was indeed a real person. It was not normal however, for a child to lose interest in everyone and everything that did not have anything to do with their fabricated companion. That was not normal behavior for a seven year old at all. "Edward says that you think me to be insane mother." The child looked up at her mother with knowing brown eyes. There was only a small hint of sadness on the girl's face. Dear Isabella could not figure out why she was looked at so differently from everyone else. She didn't want to be a disappointment to her mother. She always did her very best to be a good little girl, but sadly she mostly only ended up frustrating Renee more. "And why does Edward think that Isabella?" Renee challenged kindly, placing her hands onto her slender hips. She gave her daughter a reprimanding smile. She was ready to reject Isabella's answer rather closed-mindedly. "Edward can read minds." Isabella said with great certainty. She glanced at the empty chair across from herself and giggled wildly. "Except for mines for some reason. He agrees with you that I am unusual but he insists that I'm unusual in a special way." "Well Isabella, if your dear friend Edward can read minds won't you ask him to tell you what I am thinking of at this exact moment in time?" Isabella was a crafty little girl and Renee knew this to be absolutely true. She did not want her daughter simply guessing what she was thinking. Renee was just a step away from actually considering that there was some invisible boy sitting in the chair across from her daughter. No, that was utterly absurd. There was no such thing as real imaginary friends. Renee thought wildly before she conjured up the most random thought that her tired old mind could think of at the moment. There was no way her daughter would guess that she was thinking of such an aimless word. "Are you sure?" Renee watched her daughter as she questioned her invisible friend doubtfully. When Isabella turned back towards her mother, the little girl gave her an ironic look as if she had the nerve to find the lady unusual. "For some odd reason, Edward insists that you're thinking of a cat." Renee felt the discomfort of her body stiffening with uneasiness. Her eyes went wide for a few long moments. Surely, there could not have been an invisible entity residing by the name of Edward Masen. There was just no way that Isabella's imaginary friend was actually not imaginary. Renee would not lower her standard of beliefs to accept this. But then, how in the world could Isabella have possibly known that she was thinking about such an inane creature. How could her luck have been so great to have guessed that word among the infinite variations of words in the English language? "Go to sleep Isabella." Renee said dismissively. Her mind was unsurprisingly tired. She couldn't hope to think straight right now. She needed to get her daughter to bed and then she needed to get some rest herself. "You've got school in the morning." Isabella started to gather up her toys to put away. She hummed quietly to herself, ignoring the way her mother's disapproving eyes followed her every movement. The girl was completely unaware of the fact that she was for a lack of better words, a weirdo. "Goodnight mother." Isabella said after tucking her way deep into the confines of her covers. "Edward says that he is sorry for keeping me up so late." Renee managed to show her daughter a small smile. Even though the girl was clearly insane, this was still her child. "Goodnight Bella." Renee flipped the switch of her daughter's light off and the room went pitch black. The moment was impossibly still, Voices were sealed in silence, but for only a brief second. Renee turned to exit the room, just as she heard her daughter giggling to herself again. "Goodnight Edward." PARACOSM CHAPTER 1 : LONG AND FORGOTTEN At the tender age of seventeen, Isabella Marie Swan already suffered from a very mild and unfortunate case of memory loss. It was not a hereditary illness. In fact, the cause of her memory loss had been the regrettable result of an electroshock therapy treatment she'd received as a child. From age eleven and every single year before then, life for precious Isabella was nothing more than a blank canvas. She could not remember any of her younger birthdays, Her once fond memories of annual holidays and family friends were long gone, and though she definitely couldn't tell for sure she always vaguely felt like there was something or someone very important to her whom she could not remember. "Isabella." Renee called merrily from the foyer downstairs. The relationship between the girl and the women had greatly improved throughout the years. Isabella no longer unnerved her mother and Renee no longer ostracized her daughter. "Angela is at the door for you. She's coming up." Angela Weber was only one of the girls amongst Isabella's infinite list of friends. Isabella was no longer abnormal. She was much known around her hometown and not for bad reasons. Renee was pleased that her daughter no longer had the need for a fabricated companion. "Bella." Angela Weber said nicely. She reviewed her beautiful friend with envy and warmth. "Why aren't you answering your phone? I wanted to see if you'd like to go to the movies this weekend." Angela's voice was alight with hope. Isabella and Angela had been conjoined at the hip during middle school, but as soon as high school came around the two of them diverged onto two completely different wavelengths. Isabella appreciated her friend's invite, but she had no interest in being scorned for hanging out with someone in a lower social group than she was. In other words, Isabella didn't want her popular friends making fun of her because she found excitement in hanging out with a geek. "Sorry, for not answering the phone. It must have been on silent." Isabella said at once. She refrained from looking her former friend inside of her kind eyes. "But I have plans with Mike this weekend anyway. Maybe we can do something next time." "Yeah sure." Angela nodded her head vehemently. "Of course we can." Angela gave her an earnest smile although, Angela Weber knew very well that Isabella was shunning her. Dearest Isabella had given her the same excuse last weekend and the weekend before that. The only thing that Angela really wanted from her distant friend was for her to have the heart to tell her the truth for once. She'd been Isabella's friend long enough to deserve an honest answer out of her, but Isabella would not give her one because she was just too nice to hurt Angela's fragile feelings. "I hope you enjoy your movie Angela." Bella showed the girl a nice smile. Nevertheless, she was always polite. "I'm really sorry that I can't make it this weekend." "Oh it's okay Bells. I'll see you later." The two girls did not hug as they departed because that would have been awkward for plenty of different reasons. They only smiled at each other because it was the cordial thing to do. "Isabella!" Renee called from downstairs, only a few short moments after Angela let herself out through the front door. "Yes?" Isabella answered back wearily. "What did that Weber girl want?" Angela Weber was every mother's ideal friend for their daughter. She was nice, and sweet, and much too good to follow the crowd of rebellious teenagers that most mothers dreaded. But Renee Swan never really liked the friendship between Angela Weber and her daughter. Isabella was aware of her mother's aversion towards her next door neighbor but she couldn't quite figure out what the cause of this confusing aversion was.