Dawn light filtered in through my closed bedroom window. It gently warmed my closed eyelids, telling me that it's time to wake up. I cracked open my eyes, just enough to see the yellow, buttery light. Smiling, I opened my eyes all the way. There's nothing I love more than watching the sun rise in the morning. I propped up my elbows and looked at the golden heap of fur at my feet. I stretched one of my feet out and gently nudged it, urging it to wake up. Immediately, a feline head popped up, blinking its sleepy green eyes at me. I grinned and reached forward to scratch him behind his ear, just as he likes it. Arrow slipped his eyes closed and purred, deep and low. I slid my feet out from the bed and touched the cold wooden floor. I shivered slightly, but I didn't want to miss the view. I crossed the room and pushed open my window. Sunlight fully streamed in, warming the coldest corners of my small room. The fresh morning air hit my face, cold and clear. I sighed in pleasure and looked outside, toward the woods. I craned my neck so I could just make out the snowcapped peaks of our beloved mountains. Most people don't want our house, because it is so close to the outer reaches of the woods, and all the dangers they hold. But, I couldn't imagine living anywhere else, I absolutely loved these woods. I had grown up in them and knew every inch. I gazed outside until the sun fully rose. When the full sun finally rose above the horizon, I stiffly stood up and stretched, working out the kinks in my spine. I opened the top drawer of my dresser and pulled out my normal clothes. I slipped out of my night wear and into my daily wear. It consists of plain brown pants and a worn dark green long-sleeve shirt. I slipped a brown leather vest on over it, to help keep the cold out. I pulled on woolen socks and shoved my feet into my favorite leather boots. My long, dark brown hair spread about my shoulders in its natural waves, and I decided just to leave it there for today. I opened my door and stepped into the hallway, heading toward the kitchen. On the way, I passed a closed door that hadn't been opened in well over a year. I slowed down, a sudden wave of grief washed over me, so strong that I almost stumbled. Arrow, ever loyal, pressed into my side, purring comfortingly. He reached my hip now, so I no longer had to bend down to pet him. My dad used to joke that he was a genetically engineered mountain lion, and now I'm starting to believe him. Normal mountain lions did not grow this big, but I liked to believe that Arrow was special. Just thinking about my parents made my eyes moisten, and I hurried past their bedroom. It was sad really, neither me nor my brother wanted to go inside and clean it out. But, keeping it the same way was haunting. I banished those thoughts from my head, today was going to be a good day. I didn't want to ruin it before it even started. I quietly stepped inside our homely kitchen. I looked around for the familiar figure of my brother, but I was the only one in the room. I absentmindedly patted Arrow on the head as I headed toward the cabinet, intending on getting Arrow and I some breakfast. As I pulled the door open, a flash of white caught my eye. I turned and saw a pristine white note resting on our clean, but old table. Next to it rested a small box tied with a beautiful satin ribbon. I gasped in surprise and moved closer to examine this strange occurrence. It wasn't an abnormality when my brother left the house earlier than I woke up, but this package and note was definitely new. I reached out to gently touch the ribbon. I barely felt the cool material; it was so light and soft. I was unused to this sort of fabric, it looked like it belonged on display. I fingered the soft material as I picked up the note. I smiled to myself as I recognized the hurried scrawl. Be back soon. Happy Birthday, Grace. Lucas These seven simple words warmed my heart. My brother had so much on his mind, yet he still went through the trouble to remember my birthday. I looked back toward the neatly wrapped package, knowing that he had bought me a present when I specifically told him not to. I still couldn't withhold my giddy excitement when I carefully pulled the ribbon off. I was just about to lift the lid, when I realized that I should probably wait for Lucas to get here. I bet he wanted to see me open it. I slumped back into my chair, wondering what to do. Arrow pushed his head against the pantry, signaling that he was hungry. I grinned and realized that my stomach was growling too. I decided to make breakfast for the three of us, Lucas shouldn't take too long getting back home. In about ten minutes, I had whipped up some French toast, using my mother's old recipe. By the time I had set the table, the front door creaked open. A burst of cold autumn air hurried in before Lucas entered and shut the door behind him. His usual serious expression was fixed on his face as he took his hat off and hung it on the peg by the door, exactly where Father used to hang his hat. Lucas was only five years older than me, so at 22, he had already taken on the responsibility of supporting both himself and me. He stepped into the warmth of our kitchen and looked around. "Good morning, Grace," Lucas said before he sat down. I pushed his plate of French toast toward him, smiling and waiting to see his reaction. We haven't had any of Mother's French toast since she died, and this was the first time I had tried my hand at making it. It turned out pretty good if I do say so myself. He looked at it, puzzled, before the first whiff of the sweet bread hit his nose. His eyes widened in recognition. My smile grew wider as he took his first bite, and closed his eyes in rapture. "I take it that you like it?" I teased, taking a bite out of my own plate. Lucas gave me a look and resumed eating. I tore a piece off of my French toast and tossed it to Arrow, who caught it in the air and swallowed it in one gulp. He looked hopefully at me for more. Arrow could hunt and fend for himself just fine in the woods, but he still sticks with me. Usually, I'll take him with me during my daily treks in the woods and he'll do as he pleases, eventually finding me and walking home after satisfying his feline instincts. After we were both done with our meals, Lucas grabbed my plate and took it to the sink, along with his. I got up and started to protest, I didn't want to make him do all the work. We had an unspoken agreement; he would go to work and I would manage the house. Well, actually it was more my agreement, Lucas would rather me not do anything and still be the innocent little girl I was before the rebels took over. But, he had to grow up and accept responsibility, and so did I. "Sit down, Grace. Just let me do it this one time, it is your birthday after all," Lucas said, quietly but with his usual focus and concentration. When he talked, people tended to listen. So, I sat down with a huff and made a show of rolling my eyes. When he finished, he sat down across from me. He gently pushed the present toward me, urging me to open it. "You know that I told you not to buy me a present, Lucas," I said firmly. "Just open it." I grinned and carefully pulled the lid off. I peered inside and immediately caught my breath. Reaching my hand in, I gingerly pulled out my present. A soft, warm deep burgundy scarf lay in my rough, calloused hands. My eyes widened as I recognized this as the scarf that I had been admiring in the Plaza a couple months ago. This must have cost a fortune. I looked back up at Lucas, who was watching me with an unreadable expression in his blue eyes. When he saw my obvious pleasure and delight, something in his eyes softened, and I caught a glimpse of the Lucas from two years ago, when life wasn't so complicated. "Lucas…" I was at a loss for words, but my eyes told the depth of my gratitude and love for him. Lucas was all I had left, and every day just made me glad that I still had him in my life, even though my parents were out of it. Lucas looked almost happy as he got up from his seat. "I'm glad you like it. I have to get to work Grace, I'll see you tonight." With that, he stepped toward the door and slipped his hat back on. I was still sitting at the table, frozen in shock and grinning like an idiot. But, I shook myself out of my reverie and hurried to the door before he could leave. I quickly wrapped my arms around Lucas's middle, holding on tight and pushing my face into his jacket. "Thank you," I whispered, so quietly that it was barely audible, but I could tell that he heard it. Lucas hesitated for a moment, before slipping his arms around me and resting his chin on the top of my head. I could feel the gentle beat of his heart against my cheek as we stood there, brother and sister. Lucas sighed after a moment and pulled away. He tenderly placed a hand on my cheek and smoothed my hair back from my face. I felt like I was 8 years old again, and how Lucas would comfort me after I had hurt myself. I usually didn't want to feel this young and helpless, but today, I felt safe under his protective wings. I blinked up at him as I tried to read his unfathomable blue eyes. "You are very welcome," he murmured. He straightened to his full height and opened the door, heading out into the cool wind. I watched as he disappeared from sight, merging into the morning crowd. I felt unbelievably sad that he had to leave, but I knew that I couldn't keep him here. I closed the door and turned back to the kitchen. I headed back into my room and grabbed my satchel off the small table I had in there. Slinging it across my body, I also grabbed my small knife and hooked it to my belt. On a sudden impulse, I knotted my new scarf around my neck. Immediately, the cool draft was shut out and I felt warm and comfortable. I stepped in front of our full length mirror. It was a little smudged, but I could still see myself standing there. My dark, wavy hair tumbled past my shoulders, and half way down my back. My hazel eyes stared back at me, warm and inviting as always. My friends used to say that I was too nice to anyone and everyone. I didn't believe them of course, I wasn't that nice. I also realized that I had grown a couple of inches without my knowledge, I remember that the top of my head now almost reached Lucas' chin. My cheeks were already flushed with the