Chapter One 26 Dead "Fuck you Potter." The red head screamed. "I hate you, I've found someone new, someone better." The man standing on the doorstep with rain pouring down his face glared at her his eyes desperately searching for someone behind her. "Ginny, I really don't give a shit about you, you can rot in hell for all I care. I just want to see my kids – where're my children?" There was a crack of thunder in the distance. "You can't keep my family away from me." "No Potter. If I have my way, which I will because you're nothing but a dirty half-blood, you'll never see my kids again." Her hand dived into her robe and her wand appeared, it was dancing with dark red sparks. "Get out of here, Potter. We don't need you anymore." Under the dancing crimson light the black haired man's face froze. The vibrant green eyes glazed over and his nostrils flared for a second, his pupils seemed to flash a dangerous scarlet. His fist clenched and unclenched. "Say that again," he snarled, the venom, hatred and fury in his voice made the woman step back – the last time anyone could remember him talking like that was just before he killed the man who had murdered his parents, her knees shook but yet she still held her ground. "I said get out of here – we don't need you anymore." "Fine. But tell the kids if they ever need me, if they ever want to see me I'll always be there for them. I'll always be their dad. Fuck you, though Ginny, and fuck England." He turned on his heel and with a crack that was heard over ten miles away he was gone. Some Years Later... The apartment was small, but it had everything a wizard needed. A sofa that folded out into a camp bed, a desk, a TV and radio, a fireplace, a bookcase and his old school trunk. It was dingy, unclean and smelt of B.O, takeaway, booze and cigarette smoke. It made him feel less connected to the life he used to know. The only connection he had to that life were the pictures on the mantle and his old school trunk. Sleeping on the stained, ripped and patched camp bed was a figure wearing ripped and blood stained jeans. A dirty white shirt, a black tie and black woollen knee long coat were dumped over the back of the sofa, his phone and a pack of cigarettes mingled among them. His greying black hair had ash and blood in and his roughly scarred and badly shaven face was covered in bruises and small cuts. The phone rang shrilly waking the deeply sleeping figure from a nightmare of six years ago. Rolling off of the makeshift bed and onto the floor he rummaged through his clothes until he found the phone. Finally picking it up an answering. "Potter, talk." He muttered while rubbing the sleep from his eyes and struggling to his feet. On the other end of the phone he heard a woman talk her voice was harsh and angry, though he could also detect fear and anxiety in it as well. "Potter, I need you at New York Botanical Garden ASAP. You awake and sober?" Harry grinned, he knew that voice The delicate tones of Detective Linda Phillips. The woman who had been his main contact at the NYPD for the four years that he had been consulting for them, although he preferred to think of himself as an information broker. He helped them for favours or cash and they helped him for his continued assistance, it was a delicate agreement and Harry enjoyed it, it gave him freedom without being tied down and it let him help people without becoming too attached to the world outside his apartment. "Hello to you too Phillips. I'm awake and sober, though I've got a headache the size of a fucking dragon." He ambled over to his kitchenette and picked up a dirty glass; sniffing it briefly he pulled a bottle of whiskey from a cupboard and filled the glass. "I take it this isn't a social call. What's up?" "There's been a multiple Homicide. Looks like an Occult ritual gone wrong, but I need an expert's eye on it. Can you make it?" She asked impatiently, there was urgency in her voice that made Harry pay attention, some cases really affected her, like they hit her on a personal level, Harry liked these cases they made her seem more human and less like a robot she usually pretended she was. Harry quickly downed the whisky in one shuddering as the liquid trickled down into his empty stomach, "Can you send a car for me? My ride was totalled last night, that and I don't think I'm in any state to drive." Forty five minutes later saw him watching as the country side slid past the him, occasional parts lit up by the flash of the blue and red lights above him. He cast a sideways glance at the uniformed officer that had been sent to retrieve him. The rookie cast a look at him then quickly looked away. The man smirked; it was good to know that he could still frighten some people. "Are we there yet, mate?" he asked. "I don't appreciate being woken so early in the morning." "Yes, Sir." The rookie replied his eyes set firmly on the road in front of him. "It's just round the corner." As they rounded the bend Harry saw what he could only describe as a media circus. A turn style led into the woods was yellow taped off and guarded by several uniforms which was seemingly besieged by reporters, journalists, camera crews and photographers, all of whom were craning their necks, screaming questions and snapping as many pictures as they could of nothing. The uniforms who were getting assaulted by questions stood stoically and silent ignoring them. Harry didn't know if it was because they don't know anything or if it was because they were trained enough not to blab. As Harry stepped from the car the media vultures saw him and made a beeline for him. He quickly reached for the hood of the hoody that he wore under his beat up trench coat and pulled it up. He had enchanted it himself so no one could see his face unless he willed them to, he did not need not his face be to be caught on film and turn up on the national news. Harry could see over and beyond the turn style, looking down at the path the numerous footprints and broken twigs scattering it he could tell many people had been down there recently, he rolled his eyes, the cops had probably destroyed most if not all the evidence. The Officer exited the car and ran to Harry putting up an umbrella for the Harry to shelter under from the pouring rain. Sneering slightly the elder man started walking, following the tracks down the path and deeper into the wooded area. The queasiness that had been in his stomach since he had woken up increased. He took a deep breath in and carried on walking, the sickening feeling increased and started weighing in his gut, turning it inside out. Suddenly it became over bearing, he caught himself against a tree and the contents of his gut ejected itself. "Fuck." He muttered harshly, coughing up the remains of the booze and takeaway he had digested last night. He turned to the Officer. "What's that?" The Officer looked startled at being addressed then confused. "What's what?" "Don't you feel it?" the sickened Harry asked. He rolled his eyes for a second before answering himself, "Of course you don't, bloody rookie." He dug into the pockets of his jeans and pulled out a beaten up packet of cigarettes. Pulling one out between his lips he stashed them away before producing a zippo lighter and sparking his stick of paper and tobacco. After breathing in heavily and exhaling he continued forward. The heaviness and uneasiness he had started to feel filling the air the further he went. He could see now why he had been called. There was movement to his left turning he saw her. The woman he had been burdened with as his police contact. He smirked at her. The attractive officer could always been counted on to make his usually bad days even worse, she was like a rose, pretty to the eyes but once you got close you saw the thorns. In her smart, casual and usually practical style of dress she had a police poncho over it protecting her from the rain; the hood was up covering her strawberry blonde locks "Hello Phillips." She scowled at him, her eyes taking in his blood stained jeans, shirt and coat, his tie hung loose. Blood and ash still matted his hair. His hangover had caught up with him making him look even more bedraggled than he felt. "Potter, you look like shit." She greeted him. "Why Phillips, you always know just what to say to make a bloke feel wanted." He told her sardonically. "Had a run in with a couple o' hags last night. Rowdy bitches." He took a drag from his cigarette then pinched it between his fingers. "Now tell me, what happened and why does it feel like I got half of Ireland River dancing on my gut." "You're a dead beat alcoholic?" she suggested. "And you're a cold hearted bitch who for some reason hates my guts," he shot back. "Now tell me why is my gut, heart and head telling me to run from this place. Honestly I haven't had this many bad feelings since that time with the coven in Hell's Kitchen." He wasn't lying; he could sense the perverted wrongness that lingered in the air. A wrongness that could only be brought about by hard-core dark magic. It was why he was here after all, he was a consultant to the NYPD, specialist in magic, and given he was or used to be one of the most powerful warlocks in the world he had magical knowledge in spades. She looked at him and for a second he could see through her shell, this one had her spooked, and something that got Detective Linda Phillips spooked was not something good. "You're not wrong Potter. What do you know about sacrifice?" Harry Potter shrugged, "Not much, if the sacrifice is living the rule is it's usually dark magic, I'm going to need to know what or who was sacrificed. Judging from the presence of you I'm guessing human, who was sacrificed?" She sighed and closed her eyes, rubbing the bridge between them; he swore he saw a tear trickle from the corner before mingling with the rain drops on her cheeks. "I think it would be better if you saw it for yourself." He nodded and followed her. As they reached the peak of the hill the smell hit him. The smell of death mingled with the stench of dark magic, he closed his eyes briefly battling the need to throw up again. Finally he opened them and what he saw was worse than anything he could have imagined. There was a large stone about seven foot by four, candles were set at the four corners, in four pits at each point of the compass were pits were the burnt and smouldering remains of dead animals, all rotten and stinking of dead flesh, off to one side were the rotting bodies of the animals that hadn't been used. Arranged in a pentagram around the alter and inside the perimeter set by the burning pits were the bodies of thirteen naked young women, all with their throats slit and their guts cut wide open. On the alter were thirteen blood stained bundles, though he could guess what they were