When We Were Young: Part 1 "Ladies and Gentleman, as we prepare for landing, please return your seats and tray tables to their upright and locked position, and make sure that your seatbelt is securely fastened. We should be landing in Seattle momentarily..." I've heard that several times before, but now it's different. I know this time that he won't be waiting for me back in Forks. He won't step out onto his father's porch and lean against the old swing we sat on when we were kids. He won't say "Hey, Bella, how's it hanging?" like he always did. I won't be able to hug him and feel his warm arms around my shoulders, like the best blanket I've ever known. Well, almost the best. He was my best friend but he wasn't my boyfriend. That title was reserved for someone else who isn't in Forks anymore either. I pull out the newspaper clipping my mother sent me. It arrived earlier today, just before I left Chicago. It's already crinkled and worn from how many times I've pulled it out to read it. Still doesn't seem real, seeing his name typed across the top in bold letters. He'd made me promise we'd come back here for his funeral. All of us. Even though we all lost touch and fell apart, lost what we used to be, I couldn't break that promise. When we were young, things were different. Less complicated. Right now, I'd give anything to go back to being seventeen if it meant having him back. As we land, I tuck the paper back into my bag and gather my things. My dad picks me up in his cruiser and we're silent for most of the ride back to our house. Until we reach the diner and his name is etched in the sign. Rest in Peace, Jacob. "How is Billy holding up?" I ask. "He's doing alright." He sighs. "You know he was sick for so long, as bad as it is, I think he's...content with the fact that he's not in pain anymore." "I wish I could have visited more often." Guilt swallows my entire chest, so heavy I can barely speak. I should have visited more often, but I think deep down if I didn't see it, the sickness and what it did to him, it wouldn't be real. God, does it feel real now. "You know Jacob, he probably wouldn't have wanted you to spend your time in that hospital room as much as he had to. You were his best friend, Bella, he wanted good things for you." Good things. I guess I had those. Good job. Good apartment. Good friends. Good life back in Chicago. Good boyfriend, until recently. As soon as we pull in the driveway, my mom envelops me in a hug and pushes me through the door, offering me every kind of food imaginable and talking a million miles an hour. That night, I lay awake in bed unable to sleep. It's nearly 1am and I'm exhausted from traveling, but my mind won't shut up. I go over and over again what I'm going to say to Jacob's dad, Billy. His other friends. Our friends. I haven't seen them in years, some of them not since high school graduation. I lean over the edge of the bed and pull out my yearbook from senior year. Five pages in, nestled in the middle of the "Student Life" section, is a photo of our crew. Rosalie, in her cheerleading uniform, draped over Emmett, who is laying on the ground with that know it all smirk of his. Alice and Jasper are too caught up in each other to notice that there's even a picture being taken. Mike has a laughing Jacob in a headlock, while Edward and I look on smiling. I focus on us, me and him, his arm around my waist and my hand on his chest. We were happy, then. I check the clock again, counting out the hours to figure out what time it is in London. He's not coming to the funeral, I'm sure. Is he? Would he? Edward Masen wasn't a regular student at Forks High. He was an exchange student, straight from the United Kingdom with dimples for days and an accent that made every girl in school melt into a puddle of goo. Myself included. We had a wonderful two years together, and then he left because his program was up and he had to. He was going to Oxford and I was already accepted into Northwestern. We said that we'd keep in touch, that we'd visit. But we were eighteen and young and naive. This picture captured it all. Then, real life set in. No matter how much we loved each other, it was too hard. Even knowing that, sometimes I find myself wondering how things would be different if those things were different. I fall asleep with the yearbook open over my chest, covering the scar on my heart that Edward left. Mom wakes me hours later, offering me breakfast. I'm not very hungry, but I eat to make her happy. I can tell she's trying to make me feel better and I don't want her to think I don't appreciate it. After I help her clean up, I get dressed and head out to the garage. My old truck sits abandoned, looking as decrepit as it did when I first got it. I shiver as my hand brushes over the door handle, and it has nothing to do with the autumn chill. Lots of memories in this truck...in the back of this truck. I blush, like someone was reading my thoughts. As I slide inside, I pray it still works. My dad says he starts it every once in awhile to make sure it runs and that must have kept the thing operational. It protests as it rumbles to life, but it's alive regardless. I put the gear in drive and speed out of our driveway, the red, orange, and yellow leaves in a flurry behind me. I drive the familiar route to Billy's house, the one I took several times a week since I was sixteen years old. Even a little before then, but don't tell my dad that. Billy's driveway is far from empty. I immediately spot Sue Clearwater's car, as well as her son's. Sue and Billy were close, like brother and sister. It doesn't surprise me to find them here. I pause after I park, preparing myself for what I was about to walk into. I was going to be at Jacob's house, but he won't be there. I don't know if it's possible to prepare for that. I would never be ready to be in a world without my best friend. After a few minutes, I force myself to go inside. I don't knock. I never did. Soft voices float down the hallway from the living room, and pans clatter in the kitchen. I take a deep breath and step into the living room. Three tear-stained faces stare back at me. Seth and Leah, Sue's kids, sit on the couch. And Billy is in his favorite chair. "Bella." He smiles sadly. "Hey, Billy." I'm surprised I don't lose it then, but I manage to hold myself together. I lean down to give him a hug, but I don't know what else to say except for "I'm sorry." He tries to make small talk, asks me when I got in and how long I planned on staying. Sue peeks her head in from the kitchen and says hello before she rushes back to check on whatever food she's cooking. The smell radiates through the house and even though I just ate, it makes my stomach rumble. The conversations lulls, and I slowly move away from the group, up the stairs lined with Jacob's school photos, and to his room. The door is ajar. I imagine this is one of those times like before, where I'd walk in and find him playing video games from his bed. That bed is empty now, made up neatly and so perfect. The opposite of what it ever was when Jacob was alive. You were lucky enough if there was a spot for you to sit. But I suppose that was a long time ago, when we were kids and our rooms were always messy. Jacob got older, and so did I. His game counsel was replaced with a simple DVD player; the action figures on his desk are gone, now nothing more than a lamp and a few stray pencils. The light is on in his closet, so I open the door and smile. There he is. The action figures in boxes on the shelf. Clothes in a messy heap on the floor. The next thing I know, I'm on the floor with them. Sobbing and crying so hard that I can hardly breathe. He's here. His smell, his memories, his everything. I cling to one of his shirts, my tears staining it a darker color navy. I don't know how long I laid there, but I heard someone come up the stairs and walk into his room. That same someone opened the closet door further and knelt down behind me, scooping me up. "Bella," Emmett says, setting me down on Jacob's bed and enveloping me in a hug. I haven't seen him in years, but I still cry in his arms. Such a strange hello, but I don't know any other way. It's all I can manage, at least for now. After I can't cry anymore, we just sit in silence for a few minutes. When I finally muster the energy to speak, I do. "What are you doing here?" I ask. "I've been coming out at least once a week to help Billy with his lawn since Jacob's been sick. I saw your truck outside and when I didn't see you downstairs, I figured you were up here." I let out a shaky breath and sit up. "That's nice of you. To do that for Billy. I'm sure Jacob appreciated it." Emmett nods. "How long are you in town for?" "I leave the day after tomorrow. Just in town for the funeral." "We're going to the cabin this weekend. You know it was part of the deal." He smiles a little and playfully elbows me in the ribs. "Who is?" "Everyone." My heart skips a beat. Does he really mean everyone? Or everyone but Edward? "You don't go back to work until next week anyway, right?" Emmett asks. "You can still join us, if you want." He's right. I'm not due back in the office until the middle of next week. My boss was insistent that I take some time off to "cope with my loss." But I had planned to do that in my apartment, alone. Not at a cabin with a group of people I haven't really talked to since high school. "Well." I hesitate. "It was part of the agreement." The first stipulation of Jacob's arrangement was for us to all come back for his funeral. The second was to go to Emmett's dad's cabin on the lake for a few days. We spent so many crazy weekends there in high school, maybe he figured the place would heal us. "I'm in," I say. "Why not." "Great! We'll pick you up at your folks' place Friday morning." He glances at the clock. "Hey, I better get going if I want to get the lawn done by dinnertime. Rose will kick my ass if I'm late." "You two still together?" He holds up his left hand and flashes and shiny wedding ring. "Wow." I smile. "Congratulations, Em." "Thanks." He kisses the top of my head. "Good to see you again, Bells. See you at the visitation tonight?" "Yeah. See you there." I spend some more time in Jacob's room, looking through photos and some knick-knacks from