EDITED! A/N : Hmmm *thinking face*, I don't really know where I'm going with this... A-man to me a-man! Oh yeah, and BTW this story is going to be all jumbled up, between like all the twilight stories... oh yeah, and people should be old enough not to be told that if you don't like it, don't read it! Haters will be haters so you couldn't blame... (fill in the blank) NOTE: ooooo time pass Then they fell in love: It All Began With An Imprinting Bella and Edward were driving down the road; neither one speaking as they quietly listened to the music gently played in the car when they spotted Jacob Black dressed in nothing but a pair of cut off jeans as per usual. The kid hardly ever wore anything and for some reason for Edward, it was sort of irritating. He just couldn't understand why the dumb mutt had to constantly prance around half naked all the time like he didn't own anything shirts or shoes. Edward quickly read the teen's mind and found that Jacob wanted to speak to him and judging by his thoughts, the Shifter did not sound happy, well the feeling was mutual, Edward wasn't happy about seeing the boy either. The Vampire turned to the girl beside him and she nodded, indicating that it was okay for Edward to stop. Edward sighed, he'd hoped that she didn't want to talk to the Shifter, but she was the dog's best friend, so what could the Vampire do but allow this. Edward parked the car on the side of the road, cussing mentally to himself. He honestly did not want to deal with the mutt at that moment; he had things to do that were so much better than having to deal with the mutt. Edward and Bella got out the car and walked into the woods where Jacob was waiting for them. "I'll never forgive you for leaving Bella and I'll never forget about it," the young Shifter said through clenched teeth. "I understand," Edward said, keeping calm while the Wolf seethed before him. "I'm very grateful for you taking care of Bella while I was gone." Bella blinked at Jacob, not sure if she liked where this was going. She knew her friend was short tempered, the kid could explode at any moment and that wouldn't be good for him. She was worried that Jacob would try to attack Edward. She didn't want her best friend to get hurt because of his emotions. He was angry, that much was obvious, and when angry, a Shifter was unpredictable. Bella hoped that Jacob could reign in his anger enough not to try and attack Edward, just so he wouldn't end up being hurt. "Jake, Edward and I will be together," the mahogany haired girl said sternly to her friend. Jacob glared at Edward for a long moment, different thoughts running through his mind until one came to him. The Shifter smirked icily then proceeded to remind the Vampire of the treaty that was placed so many years ago. "You remember that if any of you bites a human the treaty is over," Jacob all but growled, still glaring at the Vampire. "I want it Jacob, you have to understand," Bella pleaded, her voice shaking with emotion. She would not allow Jacob to try and talk her out of what she truly wanted. She wanted to spend the rest of her life with Edward, she was going to marry him and he would turn her and they would be together forever. "You're throwing your life away for a leech!" Jacob shouted angrily this time turning to Bella and turning his heated glare towards her. Bella wanted to curl back in fright, but she held her ground, glaring right back at her possibly ex-best friend. "How can you want that?" "I want it Jake!" Bella said firmly. Jacob felt the anger surge through his body and before he could even think over his plan, he Phased right there and growled dangerously at Edward. Edward got defensive, ready to attack but Bella stopped them by putting herself between them and holding her hands out as a way to keep the boys apart. "Please," she pleaded. "I don't want things to be this way. Don't do this! Please. At least try to get along... for my sake. I love you both too much to lose either of you." Jacob stared angrily at Edward and was about to snarl at the 'leech' but then their eyes locked. Something deep inside Jacob seemed to snapped then refasten and his entire body filled with a warm fuzzy feeling and the only thing he could see, the only thing he could smell, the only thing he could hear, think of, dream of at that very moment was Edward Cullen. The only thing important in his life was Edward fucking Cullen. His entire world... entire universe, his gravity was now Edward Cullen. Edward Cullen was now the sole reason for why Jacob was living on this earth, his only reason for wanting to stay alive anymore. Edward fucking Cullen was the other half of Jacob's soul. " Fuck!" Jacob screamed in his head, feeling dread and confusion and fear grip his entire body. "What have I just done?!" Jacob turned quickly, not wanting for the Vampire to even catch a hint of the Shifter's thoughts; then he ran deeper into the woods and didn't look back. Edward stood there for a few seconds, confused by what little he'd caught from Jacob's thoughts but he quickly pushed it aside when Bella turned to look at him. He really didn't want to dwell on anything that involved the Wolf right now, or any time at all. "I should take you home," Edward said gently before Bella could say anything first. "Yeah... um... sure," she said. They walked to the car and Edward opened the door for Bella, she got in and he shut her door the zoomed to his side and got in. "Edward-." "Not yet Bella, just... not yet." Bella nodded then looked out the window sighing while thinking about what had just happened, imagining what would've happened if she hadn't been there. She shook her head, not wanting to think about it anymore. She didn't want to think about her boys hurting each other because of her. She wanted them to be happy and she hoped that someday they'd be able to be around each other without wanting to attack each other. Edward too, was thinking about what had just happened. He was thinking about Jacob's last thought just before Jacob had run off. What had happened? Why had the Shifter freaked like that? What had happened in those last few moments before the Wolf had disappeared into the woods? Why had he even bothered to meet them anyway? "Edward?" Bella said gently, sounding a bit worried. Edward looked at her and smiled his infamous half smile as a way to reassure the girl he loved. "Yes Bella?" "Are you okay?" "Yes, why?" "You just seem a bit distracted and... and distant." "No, I'm right here, nothing's wrong." "Okay..." Bella didn't sound convinced, but she let it go, Edward would talk to her when he was ready. They were quiet once more. Edward pulled up at Bella's house and they got out but Edward didn't move from his side of the car. "Aren't you going to come in?" "No, not tonight Bella. I'll see you tomorrow okay?" "Okay." She kissed his cheek then slowly pulled back. She couldn't help feel worried as Edward stood there stiffly; not moving to hold her or touch her, but Bella let it go. Edward had a lot of on his mind, she would respect that he needed time to think things through. "Good night Edward." "Good night Bella." "I love you." "I love you too." Bella relaxed slightly at the response and rushed inside as Edward got into his car and drove home. ooooo As Edward drove towards the house he saw a very frustrated looking Alice standing by the door waiting for him. He tried to read her mind for answers but all he got was a Beethoven symphony he'd been playing a while back. Edward shook his head and rolled his eyes as he pulled up with a sigh and got out the car and walked towards a foot tapping, arms crossed, looking-very-pissed pixie girl. "Alice?" he said simply, looking at the spiky haired girl. "Where have you been?" Alice asked not bothering to hide her annoyance at her adoptive brother. "I was out, why? What happened?" "Here," she gestured the house with a flimsy wave of her hand, "nothing. In here," she tapped her head, "darkness." "What does that even mean?" "Well, you see..." She stopped and looked around like she was trying to see if anyone was listening. "The thing is, well... I was looking into your future with Bella..." She stopped and blinked at her brother. "And?" "It came out blank!" "What?" Edward was quiet confused. How does a future come out blank? Unless... "Your future came out blank, dark, like Bella's when that Wolf saved her." Edward had the urge to tell Alice his name was Jacob but stopped himself. Why should he care what Alice calls Jacob Black? The Wolf was nothing but an irritating mutt... right? "What are you trying to tell me Alice?" "I'm not sure, but I have this crazy feeling that it's got something to do with you and one of the wolves, most probably Bella's friend whatshisname." "Jacob Black." Edward was surprised at how snappy his voice sounded and Alice looked at him strangely, a brow raised in question. "Yeah... Jacob Black." "I'm sure it's nothing to worry about. Bella wants Jake and I to try and get along. It's probably just that." Edward didn't even realise he'd used the mutt's nickname, and Alice didn't ask him about it since it was obvious that he didn't even realise he'd done it. "Yeah... probably." Alice didn't sound too convinced but Edward let it go. "Well okay then." "Was that all?" "Yep, that was all." "Don't worry about it, it's probably nothing." "Alright!" Alice said going back to her usual perky self. "I'm going to find Jazz now, bye-bye." "You do that Alice." Alice kissed her brother's cheek then rushed off into the woods. Edward rolled his eyes and went inside. ooooo A month went by agonisingly slow. Edward spent most of his time with Bella, but he couldn't help but feel like something had changed between him and his girlfriend since their confrontation with Jacob in the woods. He wasn't sure what it was, he couldn't decide since he hadn't since the Wolf in a while. He constantly had to stop himself from thinking about the Shifter, but most times he didn't even realise he was doing. He didn't want to be worried about the Shifter, the boy was just a constant annoyance to him, why should he care if the Wolf's disappeared for a month. He should be happy, no, rejoicing that he didn't have to deal with that insufferable mutt! Yeah, he was damn happy about that! "Don't you think so," Bella said loudly looking at Edward expectantly. "What?" Edward turned towards Bella; away from the TV he'd been 'watching'. Bella sighed, shaking her head. Edward was so distracted lately, ever since... ever since the thing with Jacob in the woods. Bella tried not to think about it, not to dwell on it, but it was so hard not to if her boyfriend was constantly acting weird because of what had happened. She wanted to talk to Edward about it. She knew she would have to eventually because she couldn't stand this suffocating distance between herself and the love of her life. "Don't you think it's weird that I haven't heard from Jake in over a month?" Bella repeated, throwing a glance at