Summary: Jacob Black the Prince of the beautiful unspoiled and wealthy Wolf Prince of La Push Isles who has yet to find his true mate and his father the King is ready to step down and enjoy a peaceful retirement. Only the King can't do that until his son is settled with his True Mate as it will lead to arguments between the heads of the different tribes which he rules over and make up his trusted council as each will expect Jacob to chose someone from their tribe to rule by his side. So Billy deiced that seeing as his son has never once shown any interest in any one on the Isles as a Mate he will send him and four Royal Guards of his choice to stay with his old friend Charlie Swan in America for one month. If Jacob doesn't find his True Mate in that time he has to return home and the King will be force to use the Superior Imprint Order which is something the elderly King doesn't want to do as he fell in love with and married a Mate of his own choice. Jacob although not happy at being given a time frame in which to find his Mate is happy about leaving the Isles because he's never seen any other part of the world unlike his father who did travel when he was younger that's how he meet Charlie. Jacob then has to deiced which 4 Guards to take with him and finally chooses his best friend and cousin Embry Call his other best friends Paul Lahote and Quil Ateara and head of his personal guard Sam Uley. Will Jacob succeed and find his True Mate, or will he fail while watching his brethern win instead? A/N: New story :)). I still have stories I haven't finished… all in good time friends, all in good time. Notes: Werewolves and Vampires still exist. Both beings have their own Kingdoms. The Cullen's' are all Human and not related but know one another around town so they aren't related. The Wolf pack is still Wolves. Volturi are the main Vampire Kingdom, there are Vampires in others places in the world, but they all follow the rules made by the Volturi. All of Billy's sisters (the oldest and the younger ones) will be his cousins instead of his sisters. Jacob is an only child and Rachel and Rebecca are his maternal cousins or something. Sexuality isn't really a big thing in Jacob's Kingdom; he marries who is most fitting for him - his Mate/Imprint. The existence of Werewolves and Vampires is well-known even among the Humans. Most Humans prefer to not interact with the two species, but they don't mind they being around /they can't do much about it and they can't exactly try any hate crime type things unless they have death wishes. Imprinting is a bit different here. The Wolf doesn't immediately Imprint on their soul Mate like in the books and movies, but instead the Wolf identifies his Imprint then woos them and when the Imprint accepts the Wolf then the Wolf Imprints. During the time that the Wolf is wooing his intended, the Imprinted is referred to as a Mate until they accept the Wolf and then are Imprinted upon. Warnings: Slash AU Some of the main characters who were originally Vampires are Human (Edward, Alice, Jasper, Emmett, Carlisle and Rosalie) Excuse my lack of knowledge when it comes to the world of royalties, Google and movies can only give you so much *sigh*. Characters: (who appear or will appear often) William "Billy" Black Jacob Black Sam Uley Paul Lahote Embry Call Quil Atera Rosalie Hale Edward Masen Jasper Whitlock Emmett McCarthy Alice Brandon Carlisle Cullen Charlie Swan Isabella Swan Pairings: Jacob/Edward Jasper/Embry Paul/Emmett Quil/Alice Sam & Carlisle Dedication: To Drpep Mrwater Disclaimer: I do not in any way or form own Twilight, or the idea of this story, or the characters or... anything. The only money I have - no, let me not even lie, I have no money *sigh* The One To Fit My Better Half The sun is slowly setting, casting an orange glow over the horizon, lighting up the sky, making it appear as though it was on fire, yet making it still appeared so gloriously beautiful. The sun, like a large fireball in the distance was partially hidden behind the grey rain clouds, which were all splashed with the random colours of pinks and reds and oranges. Cool air whispered to the trees that danced swiftly to the music of the birds. A Wolf-like beast the size of a full grown horse stood proudly at the edge of the forest, his head looking up at the sky, his russet fur being rustled gently by the wind. He was majestic, looking the epitome of freedom. The Wolf opened its mouth and let out a long, howl that reverberated through the forest and down to the shores that led to the wide spread ocean. The Wolf shook its large head before it slowly began to shrink, its fur disappearing into skin, slowly turning into a body that looked very Human. In the place of the majestic Wolf stood a boy who leaned against a thick tree and watched the sun set. A breeze blew smoothly, blowing at the long, jet black hair that just reached below broad shoulders. Standing at 6ft7, the boy was large, taller than the average male. Not only that, but he was built like a wall, all broad shoulders, bulging biceps, large meaty hands and long, thick legs and all that strength. The boy bent down, untying his cut-off jeans from his ankle and pulling them on. He let out a sigh as he stood up straight. Thick muscles rippled under dark russet coloured skin that glistened in the afternoon sun, almost shimmering golden. The boy was currently dressed in nothing but a pair of cut-off jeans, no shirt or shoes in sight. He didn't mind though, this wasn't unusual for him and his friends when they went on runs. They always had their cut-offs to hide their delicate areas but nothing else. It was less hassle for them when they Shifted. Speaking of... "Dude, you could at least try to slow down," a huffing and puffing male said. This boy's hair was cropped short, like most of the other males who Shifted. Three other men came behind him, one of them wearing a scowl that almost seemed to be permanently etched into his face. "Dude, you need to learn to run faster," the long haired boy said with a cheeky smirk. He loved being in the outdoors, running through the woods with no restrain, it freed him in a way that nothing else could! It always got him in an excellent mood. "You shouldn't run off like that," the oldest of the boys said – the One with the scowl on his face. "With the leeches trying to push for a war-." "Man, relax," Jacob cut in, knowing what the oldest of the boys was going to say. He always said, even more so now that the threats from the Vampire Kingdom were pointed towards him. "I'm fine; nothing happened to me, nothing is going to happen to me. Okay?" "No, not okay. Your father intrusted us to look after you, if you keep running off like this-." "I'm fine Sam, really." Sam Uley was the head of young Prince Jacob's personal guard, the youngest head guard to date. He was a no nonsense man who followed the rules and frowned at anyone who broke them or tried to sway them. Jacob could hardly do anything when the older guy was around, the man was always on his tail – excuse the pun – making sure that the boy didn't get himself in trouble. The head was always practically breathing down Jacob's neck, not wanting him to even be out of his sight, wanting to make sure that the boy was safe every moment of everyday. Jacob didn't mind much, not really, but sometimes he just wished that Sam could let him breathe, that the man could pull that stick out his ass and live a little. Jacob was pretty sure that Sam had never taken a vacation time, too dedicated to his work. The Prince had asked his head guard about vacation time once, the guard's answer had been somewhere along the lines of: 'When Leeches drop dead from heart attacks', which basically meant never! There were eight other people in the Prince's personal guard, but he usually spent time with his best friends – who were all in the guard – Paul Lahote, Quil Atera Jr. and Embry Call. They mostly let him get away with things, but tried not to be persuaded by Jacob to do things because they knew they'd always get shit from Sam and none of them wanted to deal with the head. The man had a way of making you feel like a criminal with one look for something as silly as allowing the prince to go into town without guards and such. Sam was about to say something to the young Prince when they were interrupted by the sound of a breaking twig. In that instant, Sam was crouched low, ready to attack while the other three guards stood tense and ready. A small tanned boy rushed forward, huffing and puffing for air. The boy paused in fright for a moment at the looks of the guard before relaxing, they wouldn't hurt him. "Seth," Quil said, sighing in relief. "Man, why must you scare us like that?" The young boy shrugged, still trying to catch his breath. A few more minutes passed before Seth took a deep breath and stood up straight. "Jake, your father wants to talk to you," the boy said. The boy was too young to be part of the guard though he dreamed to be one when he was old enough. His older sister was part of the guard, she was fierce and fast, the only female in the group of men and very well proud of that. The guard and Seth were the only people who could pass with calling the young Prince 'Jake'. As much as Jacob would've loved for his whole Kingdom to call him that, he knew that with Sam and all the rules, people would never attempt to do it, maybe in the privacy of their homes, or when speaking to Jacob without his head guard around. "'Kay Seth, be there in a sec," Jacob said with a grin. He made his way towards the kid and threw his arm over the kid's shoulder. Seth huffed as the large arm was thrown over his small shoulders. He was small for his age, but that didn't stop him from doing half the stuff he did. "Come on kid, let's get going." "Aw Jake, I'm not a kid anymore. I'm fourteen, man!" "Sure, sure... kid." Seth huffed in annoyance while Jacob laughed, as the both walked back to the castle. Sam and Paul phased into their Wolves while Embry and Quil stayed Human. Embry and Paul took the front while Sam and Quil walked behind the Prince. They followed the Prince and the young boy back to the castle. The place was packed with people from all over the Kingdom, all preparing for the Prince's twenty-first birthday. It was a huge thing for the Kingdom because this meant that the young Prince was at the age where he could take over the Throne. The Kingdom, especially the Quileute part of the Kingdom, were excited since they knew the Prince, had watched him grow into the pleasant young man he was and were happy to have him crowned as King. "Your majesty," Emily Uley, who had been the Prince's nanny since his mother passed, said. The woman bowed respectably while handing the Prince a red robe which was