So...this is a thing. A new perspective on the Cullen's schemes and the situation they made for themselves. Expect minor manipulations of lore and possibly offensive beliefs. If you can't deal with differing perspectives or beliefs don't read this story. Don't ask about pairings, I don't even know yet. Reviews are appreciated. Disclaimer: I own nothing, nor am I making any money from this work. All characters outside of my own are property of Stephanie Myer...if I spelled her name right. I don't care enough about disclaimers to check. You lawyer types get it. Let's get started. Just A Nomad Being a nomad wasn't as easy as coven dwellers thought. For one you always have to be on the lookout, be it wars or construction, you always had to know what the human world was up to. Not that that was hard for me. I'm likely one of the few connected nomad vampires on the planet. Most of us simply read the news at some shop and bolt. I happen to be well versed in internet usage; I even have a phone! Another problem was that you had to know your geography; if you got lost you couldn't just run in one direction and stumble upon a feeding ground. Yes, we did have super speed, but that took effort, massive amounts if you were going long distance, and that drained you faster than anything. It was possible for a vampire to die of malnourishment or starvation, we are still mortal. The final large problem, one that I severely lack in, is the ability to defend yourself from other vampires. Be it a coven you stumbled upon or fellow nomads, there was no law saying you couldn't kill other vampires as you pleased. I attempted to remedy this by knowing of where known covens lived. Alaska was pretty off-limits, the Denali sisters lived there with whomever they wanted to with impunity from the Volturi due to some diplomatic arrangement made centuries ago. They were some of the older vampires around, meaning they respected the Volturi's authority. Say what you will about them, but they had kept us hidden for millennium. Perhaps not the current leadership, but the idea and organization certainly had. The current vampire political climate was rather delicate, and left me little option in my next target. While close to Alaska, Canada separated the two locations, meaning that I would have little to worry about. The Southern vampires of the USA were not very accepting right now due to an internal power struggle, one ambitious nomads were flocking to. If there is a rule for being a nomad outside of doing the Voltrui's bidding, it's never retrace your steps. This left me two options, Canada, which I was not too keen on going to due to it's rather unique population distribution, or the State of Washington. Specifically Forks Washington. It was close to a major population center but the town was small enough to avoid too many questions from higher government authorities should humans and wildlife disappear in small numbers. I am planning on staying there for more than a few months after-all. This whole Southern war thing needs to die down sometime. The only problem with this very ideal location was that it is a possible camping ground for the pseudo-nomad Cullen coven. They are the closest things you get to when it comes to political enemies of the Volturi and an authority that can override their more minor laws with little worry. The Cullen's power alone was enough to cause caution, but the network of allies the Cullen head has formed is more than enough to cause the Voltrui to allow them to live in peace. What were the odds of them being there now? Slim at best, they had countless safe-house locations dotted around the world. They were also known for their compassion, understanding, and tolerance. This had made them, likely unknowingly, into the nomad's ally should they be under fire from another coven or nomad group. It was rather amusing to think about the coven's cluelessness on why nomads always found them; it wasn't by accident. So, even if I was to find them, it wouldn't really matter all too much. I could just say 'hi' and then leave after a few days. To replenish my strength of course, I would never take my chances. I hand't lived for 700 years just to be killed by the 'kindest' vampire coven on the planet. My decision made, I packed up my many books, maps, and other scholarly items and began my journey to the great gloomy state of Washington. Perhaps now is the perfect time for introductions? I was born and raised in England, my parents were nobles in the court of Duke William and we were a rather wealthy set of nobles due to our position as 'favorites'. Growing up I had been taught about the power of knowledge, how knowing things was more powerful than being able to take action. This notion would rule over my life for many centuries to come. My parents were relatively loving, but compared to this age's idea of parenting they were the worst. So I tend not to think about those silly notions of 'soft' parenting. I turned out just fine! If a little immortal and murdery. Moving on, I married a prominent noble at the age of 16 and lived a rather comfortable marriage and lifestyle until the age of 24, when my entire life took a turn for the better, or worse as some might have you think. On a routine visit to a fellow noble's house me and my guard were attacked by a vampire. He was truly a beauty to watch in combat, a shame we never worked out. He changed me due to his obsession with me, one that had apparently been formed years prior. For many decades me and him were teacher and mentor, but when he got too power hungry I was forced to kill him. Murder my maker. The irony and tragedy was not lost on me. After that particularly trauma inducing event I went out on my own. He had taught me how to find out the most recent vampire happenings, and I didn't waste those teachings. I kept far away from vampire conflicts, far away from vampire government, and far away from species wars. He would have been so proud. I changed my name many times in my long life, but after many, many years settled with Natalie Albrook. Odd last name, but I like it, so don't judge. I look like your average female vampire; porcelain skin, flawless beauty, great figure, flowing brown hair down to my mid back. I did have a small bust, and I've been told my cheek bones are a bit high on my face, but thats beside the point. In the following centuries I learned myself on the many academic topics humanity had to offer. Whoever says that being a vampire is boring obviously needs to sit down and read a good book on economic theory or philosophy. Hell, make your own economic theories and philosophies. Mine is pretty simple, do what's best for you. Selfish? Maybe, but it's great for survival. I even published a few books of my own, but that was the least of my accomplishments. I can pass a doctorates test in economics, philosophy, many fields of mathematics, biology, chemistry, and many more. It helped that my power was perfect for learning. I had a flawless memory; I never forgot whatever I read or heard once. Many would call that lame, I would call them foolish. I watched the rise and fall of the British Empire, I witnessed the discovery of India, Africa, China, Japan, the Americas. I saw the horrors of both World Wars, stood by as the Native Americans were massacred, took in the rise of America as a super power and compared it to the times of the Civil War; how far that country has come. I took in that history with both apathetic analyzation and overwhelming happiness. How could one not enjoy watching history unfold before their eyes? I never once participated or interfered, why should I? It was much more interesting to watch things naturally unfold. Apathetic would be a good way to describe my personality on the outside, inside I was still somewhat of a child, but I always looked at things from an analytic standpoint. Emotional investment was not something I was eager to re-experience. I was probably one of the oldest nomads around, but I am certainty one of the most inexperienced in combat still alive. At least the Voltrui didn't know of my existence, I made sure of that. The last thing I needed was them making me their accountant. Or them trying to shove their mythology down my throat; how they think we are a product of the Jewdeo-Christian God is beyond me. From what I hear there are a few over-zealous members who can't wait to convert you. Bloody extremists. At least they weren't homophobic. Vampirism tended to decrease ones bigot ability. It had only taken me a few hours to get to my new feeding ground, animal blood could sustain you, but it tasted horribly and was not good for long-term nourishment. It was the main reason animal drinkers had such a problem around humans. But animal blood was good enough to get me to my destination without exhaustion problems. When I finally arrived at the actual town, I was extremely disappointed. The Cullen's were here and taking the guise of High School students as to allow for long term inhabitance. To make things even better a male with floaty hair somehow spotted me in my hiding spot near school grounds. I was only looking for some decent food and now I have to deal with the second most powerful coven still alive. How lovely. Digging through my mental library, which was something I could actually picture, I I found the information on the Cullen's that I would need to know. Just basic stuff, I couldn't find anything too in depth. Edward- The Mind Reader Alice- The Clairvoyant Jasper- The Empath Carlisle- The Leader and Diplomat Rosalie- The Beauty and Judge Emmet- The Fighter and Protector Esme- The Mother and Companion With that in mind, it was obvious I wouldn't be going anywhere unnoticed. So I stuck around the School, waiting for them to leave so we could talk this out. I hated mind readers, so over the centuries I had tried and tested many possible defenses. My most effective one was to shield your core thoughts with many disorganized ones. Static, if you will. After many years of practice it was second nature to me. So with my thoughts on puppies, cats, and whales in full effect I waited. And waited. How long was school again? Finally, after hours of sitting in one place for far too long, the 'children' of the coven left the building. And my hopes of diplomacy were shattered. They were leaving with a human. A Human female, why did I have to witness the Cullen's of all covens breaking a very important law? Seriously, had they gone mad?! My thoughts were interrupted by the sounds of footsteps heading in my direction. In my shocked state I had failed to notice the human had been escorted to one of their overly expensive vehicles and driven away. The rest of the coven was coming for me! Springing from my crouched position, I immediately turned and full out sprinted away from my pursuers. I needed to get out of here, they were going to kill me! I heard a growl emanate from behind me, but I wasn't foolish enough to look back. Never look back. Never stop running and never look back. The forest a blur I ran through the wood of Washington with reckless abandon. They were still after me, and two