Remus Lupin didn't know what he was doing. What he did know, was that Rose had gotten him into an elite pack of only the best werewolves, and he didn't know exactly how. He did know, however, that this was the pack that Fenrir Greyback wished he was a part of. "So, Remus! We're going to have to make a few changes, but I reckon you'll do just fine!" the alpha werewolf of all werewolves said with a large grin. Remus frowned nervously, "What changes are those?" "Easy, really. You need to embrace your wolf. It'll make transforming easier, you'll age slower, and it's just generally good for your health." Remus frowned, "It's not that easy." "Yes, it is," Delco insisted. "Listen, talk to your wolf. He'll help you. You'll be amazed at how similar he is to yourself." As the bigger man walked away, Remus called after him, "Why am I here?" Delco slowly turned around, "Well, simple really. It's because you're close to Rose." "If you think you can use me to get to Rose-" Remus said hotly. Delco, however, easily interrupted, "Not at all. I just think that we need to keep a closer eye on the girl." "Why? What is she doing to draw this attention to herself?!" Delco sighed, "You don't feel it, do you?" "Feel what?!" "Protective. Like you would die for her. Like you didn't know that something was missing out of your world until she came along, and now that she's here you can't ever let her disappear or get hurt. When I met Rose I immediately wanted to do everything she asked me to do, I immediately wanted to bow down before her and swear my fealty to her. She's a little beacon of light, she calls to my wolf with everything she is. She's-" "Addictive," a new voice said from next to Remus. Cian, the king of the Vampires was standing there, a little condescending grin on his face, "She's like the sweetest smell in the world, she's like every member of your family combined. She's everything you want in life and more. " "But how?" Remus groaned in defeat. "She's just a girl!" "A very powerful girl," the other two chorused. "There also may be the fact of a prophecy," Cian offered. "No, Harry's the one who has a prophecy," Remus immediately argued. "Her twin has one too? How impressive," Cian muttered. "Tell me about this prophecy," Remus demanded. "Only after you accept your wolf," Delco said with a decisive nod, and then he and Cian walked away, knowing they had given him enough incentive. Remus sat on his surprisingly comfortable bed and groaned quietly. He wasn't sure how long he had been asleep for, but he had been asleep for awhile. It had taken longer than he had anticipated contacting his inner wolf, but with the help of Faith Kelley he had finally embraced his previous burden. Blonde, shaggy hair almost fully covered her lean, worried face. She had shuttered amber eyes that were set well within their sockets. Several moles are spread charmingly on her neck and scars litter her body, although miraculously leaving her face intact. Faith was a beautiful woman, and many people adored her even though her heavy german accent made her slightly hard to understand. Remember, Remus, I'm a Kappa, you're a Sigma. This will all come naturally once you embrace your wolf, but letting him know where he sits will be very important to him. Mate. The wolf inside his head insisted as he looked at the woman who was still asleep on the bed. Not until she's marked. Remus acknowledged, causing the wolf to growl in annoyance. Kappa? His wolf questioned Faith's place in the pack. Kappa. The meaning of the word suddenly rushed into Remus's brain. Kappa were slightly higher than the average pack member. There was a maximum of four in a pack. Kappas usually do most of the scouting and border patrols, though they often aid in taking care of the older children, those who could be away from their parents. Sometimes their duties to the pack kept them away for weeks at a time. "You'fe voken up?" Faith asked in a tired voice as she rubbed her eyes. "I have," Remus said with a smile. "You haffe accebded your volf?" "I have," Remus's smile got slightly more shy. "Ja! Zat is kood! Alpha vill be fery haby!" Remus blushed, "Well, actually… I have a question for you." Faith immediately looked on edge, "You haffe ein gueszion for me?" "Yes. What exactly do you feel for me? Because my wolf is saying-" "Mate. You are mein mate." Remus relaxed, "We would have to mark each other." "Of courze. Ve do zat on the full moon. Ach! You knev zat, didn't you?" "Yes, I knew that. But if you'll excuse me, Kappa Faith, I need to talk to the Alpha." "Nein. It is early, you should lay here vith me for avile longer." Remus smiled and leaned down to gently kiss the woman's cheek, "I'm sorry, I have to speak to him. It's about my adopted cub." "The flover, correct? Roze?" "Yes, Rose. I'll be back soon." Faith nodded her head and settled back down to relax on the bed as Remus walked to where he knew the Alpha would be waiting for him. He could sense everyone in the pack around him, and as he came up to Delco he couldn't help grinning but to grin. He was talking to his Alpha! "Alpha," Remus said with a bow of his head. "I'm ready to know what you know about Rose." "It's about time you figured out how to accept your wolf," Delco said with a grin as Cian practically materialized next to him. "We have a lot to tell you about the little Alpha." Remus stepped into the house he hadn't seen months. He heard a thundering of feet as Sirius, Harry, and Rose all stampeded to get to him. Somehow Rose managed to beat Sirius and she was being held in his arms seconds before Harry and Sirius attached themselves to him. "Be careful guys, I'll almost think you missed me," Remus said with a laugh. Suddenly both Rose and Sirius shot back, "You smell different!" they both said. Remus frowned, "Yes, I suppose I would. I imagine you're picking up on the more wolfy smell?" Sirius nodded while Rose shook her head, "You smell like you've been hanging around a female!" Remus sighed. So much for keeping that a momentary secret, "Let me get into the house, then I'll tell you all about it." Rose nodded, "You will tell us the truth." Remus's heart clenched, and all thoughts of lying left his mind, "Yeah, I will." Finally shutting the door, Remus muttered to himself as everyone else went to the living room, "Little Alpha indeed." "Happy birthday to you! Happy birthday to you! Happy birthday Harry and Rose! Happy birthday to you!" "Happy Birthday today, may you eat, laugh and play. May these flames be your worries as you blow them away." "Happy Birthday to You! Happy Birthday to You! You look like a monkey, and you smell like one too!" "Very Happy Birthday, what more can I say? I'm shocked you're still kicking when you party this way!" The general cacophony of voices at Rose and Harry Potter's birthday party made it very difficult to figure out exactly who sang what lyrics, but both Rose and Harry thought they knew who sang about them looking and smelling like monkeys. "Blow out the candles already!" a voice in the back yelled to general laughter as Rose and Harry blew out their birthday candles. "What'd you wish for?!" the Weasley twins, Rose's boyfriends, and best friends, immediately asked. "As if I'm going to tell you," Rose said with a laugh. "Yeah, I don't think you two need to know," Harry said, although his eyes strayed over to where Hermione Granger, his crush, and best friend, stood. "Well, everyone dig in!" Rose said with a smile as Mrs. Weasley started cutting the cakes. General laughter followed and Rose happily sat on Fred's lap with her feet in George's lap. "Soooo," Fred said with a smirk, "what'd you wish for?" "I'll tell you when it happens," Rose said with a wink. "If you tell us now I'll give you a bite of my cake," George offered, waving the forkful of cake in front of Rose. "Or you could give it to me anyways? I mean, it's my birthday, isn't it?" George sighed, knowing he could never deny Rose, and held the fork up to her watching in fascination as she quickly stole the cake from the fork. "Mmm, you have some frosting on your lip, Spitfire," Fred said, gently wiping the frosting off with his thumb and then licking it off of his thumb. Rose blushed slightly, "It's not my fault that bite was giant!" George rolled his eyes as Fred spoke, "If you have issues with the size of that bite I'm sure you'll have bigger problems in the future." Rose gasped and immediately went pink, "Fred!" Fred shrugged, and George smirked, "It's true." Rose groaned and cuddled closer into Fred's chest, his cake having been long finished, "As punishment, Fred, I'm going to stay right here and you're going to feed me!" Fred rolled his eyes, "Hardly a punishment." "Well, you wouldn't know yet, would you?" Fred raised an eyebrow and picked up Rose's fork giving her a bite of her own cake. What he hadn't been expecting was her to make 'bedroom eyes' and to quietly moan. The combination immediately made her sitting on his lap more uncomfortable, and he knew he couldn't do anything about it because people were surrounding them. "That's unfair, you little witch!" Fred ground out. George snickered, "Oi, Fred, give the girl what she wants! She wants cake, and you're supposed to be feeding her!" After a few more bites of cake both of the twins were in a right tizzy. They were looking flustered, and they were intensely focused on Rose's face as Fred fed her the cake. Once the cake was gone the twins were almost disappointed. "There's no more cake," George pointlessly pointed out. "You're right," Rose said, deftly taking the fork from Fred and licking it clean. The twins groaned. "Hey guys, what's going on?" Bill Weasley asked as he walked over. Bill was a tall, thin, handsome man, and had red hair like the rest of the Weasley family. He wore it long and in a ponytail, and he had an earring with a fang dangling from it. He wore clothes that would not be out of place at a rock concert, and he was wearing his well loved dragon hide boots. "Go away Bill!" Fred and George groaned while Rose laughed. "Ahhh, that good?" Bill asked with a smirk. "We don't know, you interrupted it!" Fred and George said again. Rose laughed and moved to get off of Fred, but found him holding her to him, "Nope, you're not moving." "Ahh, so it was good." Rose smirked, "I don't know, I was rather fond of it." "You know, it's almost present time," Bill said. "I actually had a question for the little lady." "She's hardly a lady, Bill," Fred said with a glare at Rose. "I'll have you know I'm perfectly ladylike! And even if I weren't, you wouldn't have me any other way!" The twins sighed, "We know." "Anyways," Rose said, turning her attention back to Bill, "what is it you wanted to ask me?" "Well… You see, I have a special gift. I thought you might appreciate it but I didn't know if you'd want to wear even more jewelry." Rose knew Bill was right to question that. On an everyday basis she wore her necklace that proudly said Padfoots Girl on a silver heart charm, her charm bracelet, and her mother's lily