Suddenly I was crying and i was flailing my arms around me and I fell out of bed but I kept shouting NO NOT ME. My mom came into my room and she said it was just a dream. I looked around and I saw my room. The same mirror above my dresser. The same desk next to my bed. And I calmed down. I looked at the clock and it said it was 3 AM. I closed my eyes and i opened them. I looked at the clock again and it said it was 9. SHIT! I had to be ready for the Reaping at ten! I rubbed the sleep out of my eyes and started putting on nice clothes. I was almost ready when mom came in and told me to put on other clothes because mine were 'too ordinary'. Then she threw me a bag and told me to put it on. Not the actual bag of course, but what was in it. It contained a black pants, a white shirt, a cool aquamarine vest and shoes in the same color. I brushed my teeth, shaved and combed my hair and when I looked in the mirror, I saw a young man with tan skin, short brown hair and blue eyes. And I was satisfied. Not certainly happy, but I was pleased with how I looked. I quickly sprayed some deodorant and hurried outside. "Goodmorning, you lazy piece of BLEEP " Michelle, my very best friend, was standing on our front porch. She had a habit of saying BLEEP whenever she wanted to swear. "Get outta there!" I was yelling, but in a friendly way. "You know my dad hates it when you step on his porch!" She came over to me and hugged me. She had a nervous look in her eyes. "Calm down 'Chelle, you won't get picked. I swear" Although she knew I was lying because I really couldn't know whether or not she'd get picked, she seemed to calm down. Michelle was the kind of friend who looks very spontaneous, but actually is very anxious. She had light brown hair which looked golden when she's standing in the sun. Her eyes had the color of Caribbean seas, and whenever she was happy the water was brighter then ever. She asked me if her dress was pretty and I said it was beautiful. I wasn't lying. Her mother had made an aquamarine dress, to match my suit, because our moms keep thinking of me and her as a couple. We quickly ran to the city square. The square's also known as the Seacreature Bazaar, because every sunday all fishermen come together there to sell stuff. We were a tad late so we didn't have to wait very long in line. Peacekeepers were standing at the end of the line, waiting to put syringes in our arms and take some of our blood. When that was over we hugged each other goodbye and each went to our respective lines. The microphone gave a loud squeak and I was pulled out of my thoughts. Nemesis Capitall, a rich woman from the Capitol, took the mic and spoke: "Welcome, welcome..." I wasn't even listening. Every year she speaks the same way, moves the same way, smiles the same way and it's always the same speech. This year, she was dressed in a tight-fitting blue dress, decorated with lots and lots of pearls. Her hair was dyed in a light shade of blue. She always had very long hair. So long that she could, like, whipe her ass with it when she was done pooping. But this year, her hair was short and slicked back and a small crown with pearls rested on her scalp. I decided to listen to her high-pitched voice, because the tributes were going to get picked. "As always, Ladies first." She slowly walked towards the glass bowl with the female names. I glanced over the Michelle and told her to calm down with my eyes. I crossed my fingers and hoped she wouldn't get picked. Nemesis's hand was moving small circles in between the cards. She picked one. Her hand moved upwards. She opened the card. Her high voice shook the area. "Ryles Thomassen." "Ryles? Where is Ryles Thomassen" My shoulders dropped. I saw Michelle sigh. Ryles Thomassen was a really popular girl at the training academy. She was 18 years old, like me. She had long, golden blonde hair, shaven at the left side. She looked happy she was picked, I think she was going to volunteer anyway. Footsteps. Nemesis was walking towards the Men's bowl. That's when it hit me. Michelle was safe. I wasn't. I started shaking and became very nervous. Oh the irony, I was calming Michelle but now I need to be calmed. Her hand moved so slow. After what felt like hours, she finally picked a card and brought it up to the mic. "Ravaël Levi! Where is lucky Ravaël?" Everyone looked at me. I saw Michelle panicking. Slowly, I started walking towards the stage. Nemesis reached her hand and pulled me up the stage. "Any volunteers?" She asked through the microphone. No answer. Peacekeepers took me and Ryles and pulled us into the City Hall. They dropped me off in a small room with an old carpet and a worn out couch. I just sat in the couch, waiting for any visitors. My mom and dad were first and when the peacekeeper had said "Two minutes.", they both started talking. And crying. Dad never cried. They said that I will win and that they will pray for their only child every night and that I had to win and that everything's going to be okay and that I will win. They told me I will win at least 6 times. After we hugged goodbye the peacekeeper pulled them out. A few minutes after that, Michelle busted through the door, crying, and all the guard said was "Two minutes.". "You're gonna be okay Ravi. I swear.", she said. "You know how to fish so you won't starve!" What a relief. "You're very strong. You have even have a sixpack!" I couldn't deny that, so I said: "That's true, I have an amazing body". Then she started laughing and crying at the same time and she slightly punched me in the gut. Then she pulled a small, beautiful shell out of her handbag. She held it against her ear and told me the sea said even though I'm a huge dork I should win. Then she gave it to me. I kept it, so that even if i died in the arena, i would always think of her. Suddenly, the peacekeeper ran into the room and pulled Michelle out. Nemesis and Ryles came into my room and we went to the station. "Smile for the camera!" I fake-smiled my way through the cameras and interviewers as we walked towards the train. We first went to Ryles's room and after Nemesis was done showing the room, she guided me to mine. It was 6 by 6 meters of pure wealth. A big double bed with a bright blue blanket, a huge walk-in closet, my own bathroom with a shower and a blue wallpaper. "Put on something nice, won't you." Nemesis said. Because I liked my outfit, i just showered and put on the same suit when I was done. Around 6 o'clock, Nemesis took me out of my room for diner. First there was a delicious cucumber-soup. Then, for the main course, we had stuffed pork with 'spring's vegetables'. Finally food that's not fish! By the time desert came, i myself had become a stuffed pig, so i couldn't really pay attention to the conversation. But after a half an hour of Nemesis talking the door opened. Our mentor, Skott Kapperston, came in. He wasn't a mentor like District 12's Haymitch, or Seeder from District 8, he was still young and fresh. Skott was the winner of the games two years ago, and he was the second youngest winner of all time: Finnick Odair was 14, Skott had just become 15. Even though he had just become victor, he was, just like Finnick, one of the Capitol's sweethearts. That's because: 1. He was only 17. 2. He had the face of a god. 3. He had the body of a god. 4. He was just really hot. He sat down between me and Ryles and started to tell us to 'just look pretty and he would do the rest'. We all laughed awkwardly and he looked at me. His blue eyes were piercing. Ryles asked him what weapons would be there. He told us that it varies every year, but that we shouldn't hope for a gun. Then he asked her what weapons she could use. Ryles was very clever in making traps. Like give her a knife, a tree and some rope and she'd make 3 traps with it. But all she said was she was "pretty good with a spear". Then Skott turned to me and asked the same question. I told him the truth: "I'm pretty fast and I can use a spear very well." "Very well!?", Ryles interrupted, "He can use a spear like the ninjas do in those old movies!" I didn't even know she knew me. Skott said that that was useful and he would try his best to get a lot of sponsors. We walked to the last wagon, where the 'home cinema' was, to look at the Reapings of the other Districts. District 1 had a beautiful, blonde girl named Floria Baldwin, and a rough-looking boy named Cashel Dale. They both volunteered. District 2 had a very muscly, short red-haired girl named Caia Finch, and a very tall boy called Bryonn Schneider. They also both volunteered. District 3 had a black girl named Chenette and an Asian looking guy. District 4 had us. After we came no one really interesting came. Well, there was a boy named Mo from 6 who looked like he was quite strong. There was a kid from 9 who was only 12. We were done right on time, 'cause we'd just arrived in the Capitol. Skott told us to go to the window and wave at the folks so we would have more sponsors. So we went there and fake-smiled and waved at the people. Next thing I knew I was laying naked in a bathtub, and three bright-colored people were washing me. The pink one said she was called Totti and was washing my hair for the third time. Pain. I looked around and saw that the green one had just pulled a wax-strip from my leg. And because I am a pubescent boy with dark hair, i also have a lot of leg hair. Had. And i felt the pain again. And again. And when the pain was finally over, the green one introduced himself Ophertus. The red one, when she was finally done hiding my scars, said she was Thalia. Now even though he was the only man, Ophertus had the longest eyelashes. His whole head was shaven, but he had green 'hair' tattooed on his scalp. Totti had dark skin, but had long, voluminous, bright pink hair and was dressed in a dress of the same color. Thalia was dressed in a dark shade of red, and her hair was in an braid and dyed in the same tint. They were all very anxious because 'Diego was almost coming'. When Totti was done with my hair, they put me inside an automatic dryer and I was blow-dried instantly. They just gave me a loose-fitting pants to wear. I was ready for the infamous Diego. Diego was a real Capitolian celebrity. He always wore a leather jacket and black jeans and looked like one of the most normal persons from the Capitol. Except for the tattooed, red shadows around his eyes. The back