A/N: This idea came some time ago, and I found it in my archives recently. I don't know if I should continue this idea or not. It's got potential, but… I don't know if anyone would read it. So, if you'd like to review, I'd greatly appreciate it. This was made after I saw the movies. Feel free to correct me nicely if I botch something (I'm still not as into the whole history here as I'd like to be, and I don't trust wikipedia for this stuff). Um… yaoi? If I get enough steam for it, I'll write more. Kinda in a confidence low at the moment. So, thanks for reading in advance. I hope you enjoy it, but I will ignore flames if they come. I don't own Lord of the Rings and make no money off this. Aragorn was injured. He was laying face down on the ground in front of the most dangerous thing to ever live- the Dark King Sauron. Legolas didn't have time to think. He needed to act now! He had to save him! He couldn't lose another friend to this Valar forsaken war! "Wait!" Legolas screamed as he held up his hand to the Dark King, getting his attention. He wasn't one for taking such risky behaviors in the light of battle, but this was a special case. He had lost his mother, cousins, friends, and former lovers to this war, and it was slowly crushing him beneath the weight of his thoughts every night. Sleep wasn't cooperating, and his health had started to decline. "I'll… I'll make a deal with you…" Legolas yelled as he ran to the dark king. Sauron stilled his blade as he glanced at the beautiful elf approaching them. All of the orcs stopped their cheering in the Dark King's direction to see who was foolish enough to try to stop the man they hailed as king. "What kind of deal?" Sauron asked as he gave the elf a third look over under his helmet. Legolas caught his breath quickly to answer. "My life in exchange for his." He said bluntly. Sauron cocked an eye at him under the helmet, but none could see it from where it was positioned. "And why would you do that?" The dark king asked. Legolas steeled himself to the dark elf's gaze. "I have my…reasons." Legolas said as he stood in front of the men, knowing well that he could have been killed at any moment. "Reasons?" Sauron asked, a slight mock in his voice as he spoke. Oh, this elf would be his. Either his head mounted on his wall or his obedience. "Yes" Legolas replied curtly, not wanting to allow too much to slip his lips. "That… may be acceptable… but it depends." Sauron spoke again. He might get a better deal out of this than a half brain dead orc filling his court. "Depends on what?" Legolas demanded. He couldn't let this monster kill his beloved friend. "Your title. I can see you are from the elves, but what is your title, oh pure one?" Sauron growled sarcastically. Legolas got the feeling that he already knew, but wanted confirmation for the sake of a bargaining chip. "How do you know-" Legolas began. "I can smell your purity from here… it is… intoxicating. And even among elves, such perfect skin is reserved for the royal houses." Sauron cut him off. Barring his mind from allowing him to shun this beast for his rude behavior, he pressed forward with his words. "I… I am known as Legolas Greenleaf. Prince of Mirkwood and son of Thranduil." Legolas said, never breaking eye contact with the dark king. "Ah… you are of the royal house of Mirkwood?" Sauron spoke. There was a slight odd inflection on the end of his words that confused the prince, but he shrugged it off. His brothers use to do that to try to force his overly thinking mind to tax itself on their words. "Ay..." Legolas said. "A deal it is. His life…" Sauron said as he held out his hand to Legolas "For yours…" Legolas felt a sickening feeling rising in his throat. It filled his chest and forced him to clench his bow tightly in his hand. He carefully approached the dark armored king and allowed himself a few feet of distance in case the king tried something insane. "And what will you do with Aragorn?" Legolas asked as he set his sight into the coal dark eyes of the king. Sauron smiled at him for a moment before replying. "If it suits you, we will take him to the forest edge where the battles are being fought and leave him to your human allies." Sauron said as he glanced back at the unconscious human who was still bleeding from the minor cuts on his head where the handle of the sword had hit him. "Ay… I will trust you to your word… as a king of Middle-Earth." Legolas spoke as he allowed himself to be drawn towards the king and pulled close to his larger form. Sauron was an intimidating man by all means, and even with Legolas's unusual height (against the average man), the dark king still dwarfed him by a good five inches. "Gather Legolas's horse and belongings. Then come to Tower of Barad-dûr ." Sauron said as he lifted Legolas onto the strong stallion he'd brought to the battle. Legolas couldn't even approach the thing without it snapping at him, so Sauron had to place the warrior onto the beast's saddle before mounting himself. Legolas feared the strangely large beast would bite him should he even try to touch its glistening mane, so he carefully folded his bow into its place on his shoulder and allowed Sauron to hold him to the beast. Legolas had dealt with horses in the past, but this one was different. Its eye blazed red in color, and its teeth could be seen as…sharp, fang like in nature. The sheer power of this monster was a force to be reckoned with, and could be felt in the movements it cast against the ground as they started for Mordor. Legolas felt as though he'd just sold his life from any shred of happiness. He'd given up everything for his love… even though it was an unrequited and unknown love. It was Legolas's love. It was something that belonged to him and him alone. Sauron would probably kill him as a show of power to the realm. Sadly, in his own mind, Legolas slowly made peace with this fact. What did he really have left to live for? The one he loved would never return his love, and would be bound to the loveliest of all humans, while Legolas would be martyred in front on the entire Orc army. To some degree, this would be a thankful release from this world… but… Legolas couldn't help but feel a sense of regret. There were so many things he would do if he had the time. So many places he'd venture to with only his bow and his faithful horse. So many landscapes to admire and beautiful rivers he'd swim in. So many skies he'd dream of flying in… if only to escape the ideas that he was unwanted. The land wanted him. The land always wanted him. The forest had always greeted him with songs of peace, and the rivers had always offered a gracing hand to the young prince when his heart was hurting from another scorning. He'd fought long and hard to gain the respect of the elves of Mirkwood, but as the last Prince to be born, he was met with resistance and glares. No one knew where he'd come from, only that he was the king's son. Few would say it to his face, but those whispers behind his back ate away at him over time. After years of trying to cope with it, he found his peace in the trees in their talk, the rivers in their songs, and the sky in its breath. Most other elves wouldn't be able to hear such things, but that was the benefit of the royal household. And while his elder brothers wouldn't care much for him, he would enjoy the beauty of his own world with his best friend- the stallion he rode into battle each time he fought. He would never voice how much pleasure battle gave him, but it allowed him to take out his frustrations on an opponent. He would lose to his brothers, and gain even less favor with his father because of it, but it was something. It was something that was his for a time… But all that didn't matter now. He was headed for his death, and he doubted it would be a war crime well received. He doubted the elves would even react. He doubted the King of Mirkwood would even glance at whatever hole they threw his corpse into after he was buried, assuming he was even there. In fact, the Fellowship might be the only ones who attended his burial. After all, they were his first encounter with decent people. He had been so outcasted by his own people, meeting the ranger and the dwarf was his first interaction with someone who wouldn't have been happier to see him beheaded. Hence… why he'd fallen in love. He fell hard too. He'd never felt such a wonderful feeling like this… which is why he clung to it so hard. He couldn't let this go. He needed to feel wanted…loved…something- just once in his life. He'd already written off his existence and accidental, and that he wasn't to be accepted or loved by any of his own people. So he needed this so badly. He had watched others go about in their own ways, living as they saw fit; and he been jealous of those very people. They were allowed to live in happiness- why was he not? What crime had he committed by being born that he wasn't allowed to grace the halls of favor or acceptance? "We are nearly there." Sauron's voice broke Legolas's dark musings. He could see the large tower in the distance, clearly surrounded by a number of small houses, almost like a small town. The tower itself had a good area of trees around it, but Legolas could only see the tops of them from this far away. He noted they had a waterfall, so a river must have been close by. ' Perhaps this won't be such an awful condemnation… at least I get to talk to the trees once more…' Legolas thought to himself. He couldn't believe that his end would have come like this… selflessly sold off as war fodder. As they flew through the settlement, Sauron pushed the horse through the gates of the Dark Tower and stopped at the grand doorway. He carefully dismounted, and then reached for Legolas's hand to help him down. Legolas, not to be rude, took the offered hand and allowed himself to be taken down from the stallion, who was starting to fidget. Sauron seized Legolas by the arm and dragged him into the dark tower, leaving the light of the sun glistened realm outside. The tower was magnificent. Large piers soared up to beautifully carve obsidian capitals and groin vaulting. Battles and treaties were painted on the blank areas between the vaulting, and the walls were decorated with great murals. Legolas hadn't seen such beautiful paintings since his stay in Mirkwood's finest relic hall, back when he'd been hiding from his brothers who sought to throw him into the river at that moment. Legolas had began to hate his brothers shortly before that day, but at this point in time, all that seemed to be completely irrelevant. He'd die before he'd ever have to take another shred of torture from those bastards again. Sauron dragged the elf up a set of stairs,