Title: In the Dark of the Night Rating: M – for language, sex, violence, more language, and more sex Summary: Katniss and Peeta aren't the only star-crossed lovers. Disclaimer: I don't own anything to do with the Hunger Games. I don't even own Josh Hutcherson… shame… Dedication: To Katnip, from her Little Duck. May the odds be ever in your favor! Warning: If you've read my other works, you know that I'm usually much more fluffy and humorous. This is not the case. This is dark and depressing and does not end happily. I am warning you now. Turn back, those faint of heart! Also, this is an incredibly long one-shot. So find a good chunk of time to read this, or be prepared to take breaks. This is the second edited/updated version that I've published, and hopefully the last, but you never know when I might want to add to the story! They're trained in a special academy… and then they volunteer… by that point, they're pretty lethal. ~ Haymitch Abernathy You know you're special when people make bets on you winning the Games while you're still in the academy. You know you're special when you can beat your teachers in close combat. You know you're special when every girl in the academy wants to blow you, just so that she can brag about it. Cato knew he was special. When he walked down the hallway of the academy, everyone moved out of his way. Everybody knew about his temper. It didn't matter if you were twice his size – you stepped aside. Clove would warn him about his temper, like the time he flipped over the lunch table, sending food flying, before pinning the asshole that interrupted him to the floor and drove a fork through his hand. She'd sit there, watch everything, and then when it was all over fix him with that calculating gaze and say, "Someday, that head of yours will get so hot it'll melt." It wasn't the best analogy, but then, Clove wasn't the most poetic of people. Except when it came to knife throwing. It was beautiful and terrible, to watch her throw those things without effort, burying them into a target. Or someone's back. A couple people made comments about him and Clove, but they shut up once they were nursing broken bones and ruptured spleens. She was four years younger, for fuck's sake. What was he, a child molester? Eww. Just… eww. No, Clove was his partner. They were going to be the best, and they were going to win the Games. Of course, they would also most likely end up fighting one another to the death. But they'd deal with that when the time came. There can only be one victor. When the time came for the Reaping, Cato caught her eye across the sea of people. They were going to volunteer. They knew it. Everyone knew it. Even the representative drawing names out of the bowl knew it. Oh, sure, they didn't know exactly which students would volunteer, but they knew they would. To prevent a stampede of volunteers breaking out, there had been rules established. The promising ones went into the academy. They trained and then graduated. A final test was held of the best, and the one that emerged victorious got to volunteer. No ifs, ands, or buts. Before he'd even entered the arena, he had already killed several men. The representative – Paulie Valentine, a woman with hair as purple as the guy Cato had strangled to death – pulled out a name and read it off. The Peacekeepers hadn't even had time to move before Clove was shouting, "I volunteer!" Her voice was high and sharp, that calculating, merciless tone that Cato knew so well. He smiled approvingly at her. He was an only child, as was she. Most people in the wealthier districts had just one child. They had just enough money to lavish attention on one – too many and they might as well be in District 11 or 12 for how fast the cash went. If Cato were one to show affection, he would've said that Clove was like his younger sister. He certainly smiled at her as if she was, all proud and defiant, walking up onto the stage like she owned it. That was his girl, his partner. Paulie read off a boy's name. Cato chuckled. The boy, Abel, had been one of his classmates. The kid couldn't wield a sword for shit. Cato stepped forward. "I volunteer as tribute." He declared confidently. Clove's eyes glinted and her mouth twisted up. He raised his eyebrows at her. They were on their way. The goodbye with their families was quick. He didn't see Clove's meeting with her parents, but he knew what they would say. They would tell her the same thing his parents were telling him. "You make us proud, Cato. You do your district justice." His mother said, resting her hands on his shoulders. Her strong façade broke for a moment, and her mouth wavered. "Come back home." She whispered. He didn't want to hug her, but she pulled him in and Cato saw the look his father gave him. Let your mother have this moment, it said. His father had been in the academy, in the top class, even, but hadn't made it. He understood. His mother hadn't – she didn't understand it, not completely. His father clapped him on the back. "I'll be watching you win." He said. Cato nodded. "Yes, sir." He said. He would win. No doubt about that. It was over quickly. Everybody cheered them as they ascended the train. The ride into the Capitol would be short; they'd pass through the mountains and then they'd be there. No sweat. Cato stared out the window, Clove at his side. Her hands were at her sides, near her hips. Where her knives would be, if she were wearing them. "Do we have a plan?" He asked her. He would never tell anyone, and if anybody voiced it he'd make them eat their own guts, but he wasn't the best planner. He was a doer, not a thinker. Clove had the general's mindset, not him. "An alliance." Clove said at once. He glanced at her. "Are you insane?" He asked. Clove shook her head. "I'm smart." She replied calmly. She turned from the window to face him. "Think about it, Cato – everyone knows the Cornucopia is a bloodbath." "A bloodbath that we'll survive." He responded. Clove gave him that look that said 'shut up, moron'. "Doesn't matter. Point is, the other Careers will survive. Most weaklings will go, a few smart ones will run for it immediately, but District 1 will still be there. I don't know about you, but I'm not going to spend all my energy killing them and then chasing down the rats in hiding." Okay, good point. "So we work with them. Work as a team, flush out the tribute brats, and when it's down to us four we have a good-old fashioned doubles." Cato grinned. He loved doubles. "We kill them, and then it's just us." Clove finished. "It'll be a lot easier working with them, at least until the end, then being at each other's throats. We're going to win, but in the insane, tiny, one-in-a-billion chance that we don't, I'm not going to see a sniffling District 10 or something win because we got into a tussle with District 1 early on." He nodded. "Okay, fine. We work with them. Form an alliance." He paused. "But what if I don't like them?" Clove huffed. "Cato, you don't like anyone." "Good point." He agreed. The Capitol could be seen in the distance. Cato grinned. This was going to be fun. ::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::: Glimmer was bored. She was so bored, she felt like sneaking off with the yummy green-eyed boy who'd been staring at her for the last five minutes. The only problem with that was she was supposed to volunteer. It wouldn't do for Glimmer to be somewhere else when the poor, pathetic tribute was chosen – why, the reaped tribute might actually have to go into the arena! Or, even worse, have one of her classmates volunteer in her stead. They didn't deserve it. They weren't the star. She was. She had beaten them in the honor fight. She had won the right to represent her district in the arena. It was her honor, her right, and she wasn't going to risk anyone stealing that from her. Glimmer was a star, and she knew it. Cable Bobbin was the Capitol representative pulling the names out of the bowl. He'd been doing it for years, and was always a showman about it. He made the most of his part, and he was quite the favorite in District 1. He reached in a green-skinned hand and pulled out the name. "Sparkle Helios!" Glimmer knew who that was. "Sparkly Sun", they'd nicknamed her. Well, to be more specific, Glimmer had nicknamed her that. For a wild moment she considered not volunteering, letting the girl sweat it out for a minute, but she knew the Peacekeepers would want to hurry things along and wouldn't give her the luxury. She stepped out of the crowd, flashing her best coquette smile. "I volunteer as tribute!" She said, placing her hand on her hip and dipping her knees slightly. The Games were all about a show, and Glimmer was going to give them one. As she ascended to the podium, she could feel the cameras on her. Hello, Panem. She thought. Like what you see? She knew they did. "Let's give a hand to our courageous volunteer, Glimmer Celestine!" Cable said. The crowd cheered enthusiastically. Glimmer gave her "cutesy curtsy". It was a little bob, with her left ankle dipping slightly behind her right, her hands splayed out while her shoulders gave a little shrug and her head tilted. That curtsy was always a crowd-pleaser. Cable smiled at her, and Glimmer could see for the first time that his teeth had been tattooed. Tiny designs had been carved into them, with ink filled into the grooves, so that swirling patterns now permanently adorned his teeth. Cable moved on, sticking his hand in the boy's bowl, swishing it around for a moment before selecting a name. Glimmer didn't even bother listening to whatever name he called. She knew who would volunteer, who had won the honor of representing their district in the Games this year. "I volunteer!" The cocky, enthusiastic voice of Marvel Argentum cut through the crowd. He almost ran up, taking bounding steps up to the podium and pumping Cable's hand energetically. Glimmer kept her smile firmly in place (you're on camera, honey) but inwardly she rolled her eyes. She made a note to emphasize to the interviewers just how easy it was to kill Marvel after she'd won the Games. They shook hands, as was customary, and she shot him her best 'come hither' look, raking her eyes over him in a way that left no doubt as to her thoughts. Marvel's grin grew slightly. He was just too easy. And she was going to spend a whole day on the train with him? Oh, whatever would she do? Glimmer wasn't bored anymore. ::::::::::::::::::::::::: Contrary to popular belief, giving a blowjob was easy once you'd practiced enough. It was just like riding a bike, or learning how to properly stab someone so the knife penetrated deeply enough. Once you got over the gag reflex (pesky, but manageable) you were fine. Glimmer had no qualms about it. Men had some stupid notion that blowing them was something submissive. They were wrong, as they were about most things. Glimmer hadn't met a man she respected, and she didn't think she ever would. It didn't matter. She much preferred it when she could manipulate people. But back to the task at hand – or, rather, mouth.