Luminary Warning: This story is very similar to Volcanic Lily's "Some Semblance of Meaning". It was my inspiration. Who hasn't heard of Peeta Mellark, "the boy with the bread", the same boy who almost consumed poisonous nightlock berries intentionally? The man who escaped two Hunger Games? His courageous acts of defiance have made Panem's post-war history books along with Katniss Everdeen's, the leader of the rebellion. Their insurgency will not soon be forgotten, as well as that of the other brave victors. ...But what about the o ther District 12 tribute who made a bold sacrifice? Many do not remember Copper Hurst , the red-haired seventeen year-old who was reaped for the 42nd Hunger Games. He couldn't throw sacks of flour over his head. He wasn't able to use a bow and arrow with deadly accuracy. Dubbed "the inferno-haired boy" by the capitol, he was deemed unremarkable apart from his orange, fiery locks. Winning the Hunger Games was something he knew could never happen. In fact, not even a sliver of hope in that regard ever existed within the boy's mind. Copper was seemingly plain, forgettable, and shy, but at the same time... he was so much more than that. Somehow, Copper slipped away from death's grip narrowly in the cornucopia bloodbath. Unlike so many District 12 tributes before him, he was not pictured in the sky that first night. The short, weak boy stayed away from the others as best he could, remembering what his mother told him to do. As the number of contestants dwindled, Copper found himself alongside a certain tribute from District 1, forming a bond that even death and suffering could not seem to break. The two children, who grew up in complete opposite conditions, were able to come together and show that in the end, all the districts were the same- prisoners of the Capitol . Copper. Timid, crooked-nosed Copper, who scored a measly 3 in his training evaluation, somehow found himself in the final confrontation of the 42nd Hunger Games. For those who ached for rebellion, his actions served as a reminder that even a defenseless boy could instill a longing for justice in their hearts. As for those who cared for him, his family, friends, and even some from District 1, he will live on as the first tribute rebel of District 12. "I don't know how to stay tender with this much blood in my mouth" – Ophelia, Act IV, Scene V CHAPTER 1- Nightmares " Asher Undersee!" the Capitol woman chanted with a clown-like grin upon her face. Copper recoiled. Not Asher...please, not Asher… The girl from District 1 laughed heartily as blood splattered across her flawless little face, green eyes sparkling malevolently. Thrusting her sword out from the blonde boy's stomach, she whispered, "Bye-bye, District 12." Copper fell from his dream with a start on the day of the reaping. He didn't try to fall back asleep, for waking up early was an inevitable occurrence that happened every year on this day. The nightmares about Asher had been plaguing him often as of late. Asher . Copper remembered him walking shakily to the stage of the Justice Building, his hands balled into fists in a vain effort to conceal the trembling. It seemed just like yesterday that the two had been laughing on the playground at their dilapidated school, Asher's pale blonde hair gleaming in the heat of the afternoon sun. Then, in the blink of an eye, Asher was standing on a concrete pedestal in a swirling storm of rain and snow...his head jerking about...taking in the vastness of the arena… That stupid District 1 girl and her stupid sword. She had no problem using it to slash through five kids, two of them being from District 12. The screams of Asher in his final moments were still just as vivid as the sound of his laughter... Shutting his eyes, Copper willed himself desperately to think of something else. Steel and Fauna, his older siblings, would be having a late lunch with Copper and his parents after the reaping. Steel worked in the mines alongside Copper's father, and his physique showed it. With his dark raven hair and olive-toned skin, he looked like a younger version of Mr. Hurst. Copper knew that had Steel been reaped back when he was still eligible, the Careers would've definitely been given a run for their money. Fauna, on the other hand, looked more like she was from the merchant side of town, which is where she now resided. Owning a furniture store, the thin, ashen-haired woman was probably better off financially than her own parents were. Copper knew that his mother, red-haired Mrs. Hurst, longed for the life Fauna had obtained. Mrs. Hurst was a merchant's daughter growing up, but sacrificed that way of life when she married Copper's father, a man from the Seam. Laying in bed, staring at the spiderweb cracks in his ceiling, Copper wondered briefly if he should go on a run before the reaping. Running was Copper's way of dealing with things, particularly stress. The release of endorphins was the only way for him to remain half-happy while living in the Seam. However, it was raining heavily today, big fat drops pelting the flimsy glass of Copper's window. No, Copper thought. No run for me today. Sighing, Copper threw his tiny bed's thin quilt aside as he headed off to the bathroom. Why did all of this have to exist? The rebellion happened decades ago. Despite his internal bickering, Copper knew why the Hunger Games still were in place. The Capitol displayed its power over the districts, almost as if to say, " Look at how we can take away your children to have them slaughtered, and there's absolutely nothing you can do. Think before you decide to rebel again." The icy water from the sink shocked Copper's senses, pulling him from his thoughts. Looking up into the cracked mirror, he noticed his mother standing in the doorframe, hands hanging limply at the sides of her plain tan dress. "Mom?" Copper asked, turning hesitantly to face his mother. Mrs. Hurst edged her way further into the tiny room. Saying nothing, she brought Copper in for a strong hug that lasted several minutes. When they broke apart, Copper looked into his mother's eyes, feigning light heartedness. "Mom, I'm going to be fine," Copper tried his best to sound confident. "I only have one more reaping to attend after today. Everything will be okay." Mrs. Hurst gripped his shoulder, her blue-gray eyes full of worry. "I know, Copper," Mrs. Hurst exhaled wearily, "But I could never forgive myself if something did happen and I didn't show you how much I love you beforehand." Copper teasingly twisted his face into a grimace, hoping his mother wouldn't realize how afraid he really was. "Let's just worry about surviving Fauna's boring monologue about her store during lunch." " Well a- a boy's best friend is his mother." -Norman Bates CHAPTER 2 The Reaper's Gathering The Reaping . Even the name of the event sounded ominous. The Grim Reaper flying down to the stage of the Justice Building, its black wings fluttering silently… Copper pinched himself, desperately trying to avoid his overactive imagination. The fantasies that he often brewed up within his mind consumed his very being, shielding him from the devastating reality that was life in District 12. Unfortunately, they were not always happy creations, especially during this time of year. The buttons on his blue pin-striped button down weren't cooperating well with Copper's shaking fingers. He glanced down at the pair of dark blue shorts yet to be put on. They had originally been pants, but Copper had since outgrown them, so shorts would have to do for this year's reaping. The square was crowded and soaked to the skin when Copper arrived. Breaking away from his parents, he walked slowly to the roped off seventeen year-old section. Many kids he knew from school were there, but Copper said nothing to them. He didn't have many friends. Not after Asher. Fidgeting desperately, red hair blowing around in the rainstorm, Copper looked up at the stage of the Justice Building. A man with silver hair, lips, nails, and even a silver suit stepped daintily onto the stage before crossing to its center and taking hold of the microphone. He had been serving as District 12's escort for as long as Copper had been eligible for the reaping. The man was also known to control the flow of sponsor gifts if (and rarely) someone from District 12 survived the bloodbath. This was because District 12 had no living victor to act as a mentor. Cerritulus Forebode, Copper thought bitterly. "Welcome," Cerritulus smiled superficially, displaying a mouth full of silver. "As you all are well aware, the time has come to select another young boy and girl for the honor of representing District 12 in the 42nd Annual Hunger Games. Before we get started, here is a video that has come specially for you all the way from the Capitol! Copper glanced at the large white screen next to the Justice Building, the same one that the district watched their children die on. A video began to play, one that he had seen many times before. " War, terrible war. Widows, orphans, a motherless child. This was the uprising that rocked our land. Thirteen districts rebelled against the country that fed them, loved them, protected them. Brother turned on brother until nothing remained. And then came the peace, hard fought, sorely won. A people rose up from the ashes and a new era was born. But freedom has a cost. When the traitors were defeated, we swore as a nation we would never know this treason again. And so it was decreed that, each year, the various districts of Panem would offer up, in tribute, one young man and woman to fight to the death in a pageant of honor, courage and sacrifice. The lone victor, bathed in riches, would serve as a reminder of our generosity and our forgiveness. This is how we remember our past. This is how we safeguard our future." The video concluded with a young man, shirtless, holding up a fist in victory. Copper recalled what actual victors of the Games looked like- filthy, desperate, and covered in both their own blood and that of others. The screen faded to black. "I just adore that film," Cerritulus said in his horrible accent, "But now, let's get started!" Copper watched, fear pulsing through his body, as Cerritulus approached the transparent sphere containing thousands of names, all of them belonging to girls within District 12. Please, God, let it be someone capable. Someone who'll put up a fight. Cerritulus's silver-nailed hand churned the slips of paper in the bowl like butter. He continued shuffling them for an obnoxiously long amount of time before plucking a single slip from the mass. Smiling disturbingly, Cerritulus marched back to the microphone, unraveling the slip of paper agonizingly slowly. The crowd held their breath. "Lavender Fall!" Copper swallowed hard, his body shaking violently. He knew Lavendar Fall. She was a year above him in school, and this was her last time participating in the reaping seeing as she was eighteen years-old. The girl wasn't a bad person, but she certainly didn't converse much with those from the Seam. Lavender lived on the merchant side of town and seldom ventured elsewhere. Copper watched as the soaked girls surrounding Lavender cringed away from her, opening up a path for the blonde girl to walk through. Peacekeepers walked by her sides as she slowly ascended the steps to the stage. Even from far away, Copper could see the look of pure shock upon Lavender's face. However, she seemed relatively composed, allowing Cerritulus to lead her to the left side of the stage. No one volunteered. "Marvelous!" Cerritulus exclaimed excitedly. "And now for the boys!" Copper began to