This fic takes place about 500 years before the War of the Ring, but I do play around with timelines a little, so don't worry if something seems to happen at the wrong time. This IS a romance, but it'll take a while to get there. I really hope you enjoy this fic, and please take the time to review. Aubrey was woken by the cool sting rain upon her face. Disorientated, she sat up, blinking against the rapidly strengthening downpour. Her mouth fell open in disbelief. For instead of the four walls of her bedroom, a vast, open plain stretched before her. The sea of grass was broken by small clusters of trees and, in the distance, the tall trees of a massive forest obscured the horizon. She stood and looked around, eyes wide in wonder. Behind her, the same deserted openness stretched until it was broken by the dark slopes of a tall mountain, the first peak in a range that stretched as far as she could see in either direction, so tall that they were shrouded in pale cloud. She frowned, completely baffled. The last thing that she could remember was preparing for bed in her small house in Hawes. And indeed, to her dismay, she was still wearing her checked pyjamas. She turned back to the forest and shivered; her thin cotton pants and oversized t-shirt did nothing to protect her from the driving rain. This must be a dream , she decided. A very . . . very realistic dream . Except , she realised with rising dread, when you're dreaming, you don't know that you're dreaming. Reality, then. Or a vivid hallucination. Her skin was beginning to prickle in response to the cold rain; her hands and bare feet flushed red and her ears and nose were beginning to sting. "I can't stay here forever," she reasoned aloud. Looking between the mountains at her back and the forest before her, she began to walk towards the trees. They would offer better cover from the atrocious weather, and anyway, the mountains looked to be the better part of a day's hike away. Deciding to debate the likelihood of abduction versus extreme prank once she was out of the rain, she began to walk. The ground was wet beneath her feet and mud quickly dirtied her trouser cuffs. The cool, slimy dirt felt revolting between her bare toes and she found herself hoping that the forest floor would be at least covered in leaves if not dry. As she walked, Aubrey looked around, trying desperately to ascertain where she was. The landscape was unfamiliar, she realised straight away. The mountains were larger and sheerer than any she knew of in Britain. If anything, she was reminded of the pictures she had seen of the vast Russian steppes, or the plains of North America. The distance had looked deceptively short before she had set off. She judged it to have been almost half an hour before she eventually reached the shadow of the mighty forest. Though the rain had finally abated, she was soaked to the skin and shivering violently. Her bare feet were caked in mud up to her ankles and felt bruised and tender from her trek over harsh, hummocky grass and stone. A great fear stole over her, then. She had nothing but the clothes she was wearing and she had seen no sign of civilisation in any direction. Already, her throat ached with thirst and the first pangs of hunger spread through her body. A keen hiker, Aubrey knew well the dangers of becoming lost without adequate food, water or clothing. A sudden urge to cry built in her throat. I'm lost. I don't know where I am, or how I came to be here. Angrily, she set her jaw and scowled determinedly at the forest before her. I am not going to die , she told herself sternly. One foot in front of the other . It was with this resolution that she started forwards once more, her expression determined, and entered the forest. o0o A shrill bird call caught Haldir's attention. He looked up sharply from the arrows he had been fletching and stood, walking swiftly to the edge of the flet. The call came again. It was the harsh whistle of a blackbird's warning call, a signal often used by his wardens to alert of possible danger. Something is coming. He felt a shift in the air behind him; his youngest brother, Rúmil, at his shoulder. "What is it?" Rúmil asked. Haldir shrugged and set down the arrow shaft he still held. "Let us find out." They leapt from the flet as one, landing silently side by side on a wide branch only a few dozen feet from the forest floor. Movement drew Haldir's eye to the forest undergrowth below him; he turned, taking his bow from his back and smoothly drawing an arrow to the string. When he saw the intruder, he nearly dropped his arrow in surprise. A young mortal woman walked over the border into Lórien, oblivious to her audience. Haldir smirked. Her strange clothing was drenched by the rain and plastered to her body, leaving very little to his imagination. He met Rúmil's eye and found a matching smirk on his brother's face. Still, pleasant as the sight of the maid's attire was, she was a trespasser in his realm. Haldir whistled a soft bird call to the wardens he knew would be watching for his signal. He made sure that when he dropped, he landed as close to the mortal woman as he could without crushing her beneath his boots. o0o The forest Aubrey found herself in was breathtakingly beautiful. Soft golden light filtered down through the canopy, fracturing upon the raindrops still clinging to the foliage, to dapple shadows on the mossy floor. She wound her way through silvery birches and spreading oaks, their leaves familiar to her, and yet there were more trees that were entirely unfamiliar; their bark was smooth and silver, and they were taller and broader than any tree she had ever seen before. Tilting her head up, she realised that the leaves of the trees themselves were pale, shining gold. A short, sharp bird call caught her attention and she frowned, gazing up into the canopy. The wood was deserted, yet she had the strangest feeling that she was observed. The bird call sounded again—a blackbird, she thought. The feeling of being watched intensified, and just as she began to turn once more—there was a rush of air directly in front of her and a man appeared not two feet away. Aubrey shrieked and stumbled back, her heart thudding. It took a few dazed moments for her to realise he had dropped from the trees above and not actually materialised from thin air. Between one heartbeat and the next, she was surrounded, twenty or more men closing in a tight circle with her and the first man in its centre. Aubrey's eyes darted around the circle. They all wore the same tight leather leggings, calf length boots and tunics, and each had a grey-green cloak around his shoulders. More disturbingly, they had longbows in their hands, arrows notched and aimed at her face. She noted daggers at their belts and the man in the circle with her, presumably their leader, had a sword sheathed at his hip. They each had silvery blonde hair worn long and braided at the temples, and their faces were fair and handsome. Raised in a time of guns and other modern weapons, Aubrey had never considered a bow and arrow a particularly dangerous thing. She took in the taught bow strings and the arrow heads, sharp enough to split a hair; an arrow would kill her as easily as a bullet, she realised. The leader observed her with an inscrutable gaze, his own bow strapped across his back. He towered over her, clearing her height by at least ten inches. His stern face was handsome, his eyes a shade of silvery grey that seemed to pierce through her. She shivered, becoming suddenly aware of exactly how much her wet pyjamas clung to her. His gaze was so intense it was almost psychical. "Greetings, mortal," he said. His voice was deep and strong, yet lilted over the words, almost creating a melody. He had a slight accent, as though English was not his first language, but he spoke it with the familiarity of long practice. "You are trespassing in Lothlórien. What have you to say for yourself?" "What do you mean, 'mortal'?" she demanded. His eyebrows rose in derision. "I mean that you are not of the Eldar." Aubrey frowned, uncomprehending. She stared at him again, taking in every detail of his appearance. Aside from the odd, medieval style of his clothes and the fact that he had both a sword and a massive bow, he had appeared fairly normal at first glance. But now she looked again—the strong lines of his face were almost too perfect, too handsome. She saw that what she had first assumed to be the sun on his face was in fact a faint, almost imperceptible luminescence to his skin. And there—obvious, now that she saw—his ears swept up into delicate points. "You're not—you're not human," she gasped. He glared at her, seeming affronted that she would mistake him for her own race. "No indeed. But you are a trespasser. You will come with us." "I'm not trespassing, I'm lost!" she protested, backing away. "You are lost in the wrong place, then," he declared, striding forwards and seizing her arm. "Get off," she hissed, attempting to jerk her arm away. His strength was iron and she succeeded only in gaining herself more bruises and an aggravated non-human. "You can come with me willingly, or I can carry you." He snapped. He cast his eyes down her t-shirt, staring at where the damp cloth clung to her cleavage, and said with a smirk, "I would find it no chore." "Go fuck yourself," she said, with feeling, yet his gaze was light; she had the impression that his words were meant to unsettle her more than out of any real desire. Eyeing the arrows trained on her, she reluctantly stopped struggling. "I can walk by myself, if it's that or be shot." He shrugged and released her. "Do not try to run," he advised her. "We are faster than your kind, but I do not wish to waste my time chasing petulant mortals." He turned away and addressed his men in a flowing language; its cadence was so unfamiliar that she couldn't even distinguish words. They relaxed their bows and replaced their long, white-feathered arrows in their quivers. They turned as one and half of them vanished into their trees, their grey-green cloaks making them invisible as soon as they passed into shadow. The leader in front of her and another ten of them behind her, Aubrey was marched further into the forest. o0o Aubrey limped after the leader, glaring at his broad shoulders. She had no idea where this Lothlórien was, but clearly, they did not welcome guests. Though she could discern no path in the tangled undergrowth, the man before her led them purposefully, never once pausing to check their direction. He moved like a wild animal - as if the forest was his natural habitat, an extension of his own skin where he was entirely and utterly comfortable. The forest floor was a soft carpet of mosses and fallen golden leaves, but the trailing underbrush and the wide roots that stretched across the ground made walking hard, especially with bare feet. It was not long before the leader paused before a tree. He whistled, perfectly imitating a sparrow's call. Seconds later, a rope dropped down from the canopy with a soft rustle. Startled, Aubrey gazed up at the tree. She could not see how tall it grew, due to