Disclaimer - I only own the ocs Chapter 1 Watching the waves crash against the already wet sand I pulled my jacket tighter around my body to ward off the chill. It was peaceful here. No one was around, only myself. It didn't make much difference if people were here or not due to the fact I didn't have any friends here but it was reassuring to know no-one was around. My parents had recently made the decision to move house, obviously taking me with them. I now lived in Forks, Washington, but I was currently down at La Push beach on the reservation. My father had informed me of this beach as he came down here most days for work. We had moved here a week ago. It would be a lie to say I hadn't made any friends at all because I had, just not in La Push. I went to Forks Highschool and had made a couple of friends there. The person I liked the most was Angela, a pretty quiet girl. Some of my other friends, which I wasn't proud to call my friends, were Jessica and Lauren. I wouldn't say they were all bad but they liked to gossip, seemed a little two faced and was painstakingly obsessed with their popularity. That wasn't my sort of thing. It wasn't long before the cold air had taken its toll on me causing me to rise from my spot on the sand. I should really be getting back home now anyways, I thought checking my watch. Grabbing my bag, which I slung over my shoulders, I set off up the beach. I would be walking home. I didn't mind walking, but by the time I had reached my house it would be quite dark. The sky was already turning grey, like a blanket over the sky. Once I was off the beach, my arms folded across my chest, I set off up the dirt path. Soon I was nearing the border which would allow me to pass into Forks. Raising my head when I heard what sounded like the sputtering of a dying engine I looked around in search for the noise. Further ahead there was a red house with a boy in front fiddling with a motorcycle. He had his back to me so I couldn't see what he looked like. I could see he had dark black hair that fell around his ears in slight waves, his skin was a sun kissed russet colour making me cringe at my pale complexion. Getting closer I could hear him now. He was muttering under his breath in a deep husky voice before chucking a wrench from his hands causing me to squeak as it landed rather close to me. The boys eyes were now looking directly at me. They were a dark chocolate brown colour. His eyes were very intense. "I am so sorry!" he called over to me before running over, picking up his abandoned tool. "It didn't hit you did it?" His voice was deep and surprisingly calming. Not knowing if my voice would hold out I shook my head. The stranger gave a sigh of relief before sticking his hand out for me to shake. "I'm Paul." "Kiera." I replied, happy my voice didn't shake. The boy, Paul, had a nice smile. "I don't recognize you, did you just move to the reservation?" "Ah no, well I have just moved but to Forks." I clarified. "My dad does have a job here though, he's a mechanic." "Then it's safe to say I have already met your dad." Paul laughed, scratching the back of his head. "He took over didn't he? Yeah, he's my new boss." Smiling slightly I realised this must be a pretty small place if that was the case. "What about your mom?" "Oh, she works at Forks's hospital." I answered. There was a slight pause which made me feel rather awkward. Clearing my throat I was about to let him know of my need to head home when he started speaking. "Do you not have a car?" "Um, no." "How do you plan to get home then?" he asked with a genuine look of confusion on his face. "I plan to walk." "You can't do that, do you know how dark it actually can get here?" Paul asked me but kept talking before I could say anything. "It gets really dark that's all I'm saying. You can't walk back on your own something could happen." "I should be fine." "Should be?" he parroted looking at me like I had a second head. "No I will walk you back." "Oh no, you really don't have to do that!" I protested. It wasn't that I didn't want him to walk me home because a part of me did. He was nice, cute, easy to talk to and made me feel comfortable but the fact was he would then have to walk all the way back on his own. "Yes I do." Paul said, rolling his eyes. "What am I supposed to tell my boss when he shows up tomorrow claiming you didn't turn up. He'll fire me when he finds out I could have kept you safe." "You're so over dramatic." I laughed, shaking my head. Paul gave me a cute smile before running inside to grab himself a jacket. Once he was back outside he smiled widely at me before we set off for Forks. All in all it took us about half an hour to reach my house making me feel even worse knowing he had to walk back by himself and do it all over again. Reaching my door I spun around to face him, shocking both him and myself when I pulled him into a quick hug. Letting go I smiled nervously at him, thanking him for walking me home. "It was my pleasure." Paul said, making me giggle when he bowed slightly. Smirking at me he raised himself back up. "I hope to see you down La Push sometime soon." "I'll try and make some space for it." After a slightly awkward goodbye I entered the house, sighing as the warmth hit me like I had just stepped into a sauna. Slipping out of my shoes I dropped them by the front door along with my bag before entering the kitchen in search of food. "Who was that boy?" my father's voice rang out causing me to jump. He was leaning against the door way with narrowed eyes. "Er, Paul. He claims he works for you." I answered quietly. My father's expression changed immediately as now he had a smile on his face. "Paul Lahote? He's a nice boy." my dad told me. I silently agreed with him. "Well don't forget to take your stuff upstairs when you go up." "I won't." I sighed watching my dad leave. After eating I grabbed my shoes and bag, dragging them up the stairs behind me, flinging them on the floor as I entered my room. Grabbing my things I headed straight for the bathroom for a shower, falling fast asleep when I returned and my head hit the pillow. x-x-x Sitting in the schools cafeteria the next day at lunch I rested my head in my hand, trying to block out Lauren's voice. She had a horrible nasely voice that made me want to be deaf. It wasn't until Angela nudged me that I came back to it. "The bell went." she told me with a slight giggle to her voice. Jumping up I grabbed my bag, exiting the hall along with everyone else. My next class was Art which I had alone so I bid Angela a goodbye. Entering the class I headed straight for my seat which was next to Alice Cullen who was already here. Alice and her family didn't really speak to any of the kids here, they kept to themselves. They were cast as outsiders pretty much the minute they moved here nearly two years ago. They were thought to be strange and every single one of them was insanely beautiful. Alice was, for some reason, cast stranger than most of her family but I thought she was quite nice. I only spoke to her in this class as due to the seating arrangements we were sometimes paired up. Alice was actually a very friendly girl who liked to smile and was an amazing artist. I think people also didn't like them due to jealousy. They were beautiful and clearly had quite a bit of money to their name. Sitting down in my chair I placed my bag on the floor, sending Alice a small smile which she returned. The teacher informed us she wanted us to draw our partners. Great, how was I supposed to give Alice any justice. She was beautiful and I was only an average artist. I could draw but not exceedingly well. Grabbing my sketchbook and pencils I set to work. The room was silent, only the sounds of pencils scratching against paper was the only sound echoing through the room. Near the end of the hour we came to a stop and we had to show our partner. Blushing I allowed Alice to swap with me. Her sketch of me was amazing. Every detail was included. Amazement flooded through me as I studied it. Now I felt even more embarrassed that Alice was looking at my attempt to draw her. Her face didn't hold any sign of disgust or discomfort whilst looking at it. In fact she had a small smile on her lips. "This is actually really good Kiera." she praised, handing me my sketchbook back. I couldn't help but preen slightly at the praise because I did enjoy drawing and painting. "Thank you." I mumbled. "Yours is amazing by the way." Alice gave me a wide smile showing off her white teeth just as the bell went. Stuffing my things back into my bag I exited the classroom. The end of the school day came slow but it came. I usually got a lift off Jessica since I didn't have a car yet. Thanking Jessica I hopped out of the car and ran inside to protect myself from the rain that had started as Jessica drove me back home. Taking off my shoes and jacket I called out for my dad who was sometimes home before I was but I was given no reply. He had to have been home though because the door was unlocked but then again his car wasn't out front. What was going on? Heading to the kitchen I noticed pots on the stove slowly simmering. Not long after the front door opened and shut and my dad came through. "I just popped to the shops to get some things. I left the door unlocked because I knew you would be home soon and I wouldn't take that long." was his explanation. My mom wasn't home by the time dinner was served so she had been left a plate in the fridge. Tomorrow was Saturday so no school. I spent the night watching movies in my room with munchies until I fell asleep about three in the morning. Waking up I let out a moan. God, my mouth tasted horrible. Pulling myself from my bed I dragged myself to the bathroom to brush my teeth and wash my face. Getting dressed I slipped down stairs to make myself some breakfast. Considering what time I fell asleep I was surprised to be up this early. It was 6:30am. My mother was already in the kitchen when I entered sipping on some coffee. "Morning sweetie." she greeted me, downing the rest of her drink then placing it in the sink. "You off to work?" I asked through a yawn. My mother nodded her head, scooping her keys off the counter. "What time are you back?" "I don't know exactly," she shrugged, grabbing her phone and