Fallen Star Dark of the Sky Chapter I Cosmic He left me… just like that… "Bella I don't love you!" it was like he smashed his hand through my chest and instead of tearing out my pathetic excuse for a heart he tore out my soul and swallowed it whole while cackling insanely. Words of my own creation run through my mind as I lay lost upon the forest floor unable to breathe properly, unable to move, and unable to stop these damn tears frown flowing from my eyes… why is it that I can still think? My mind keeps showing me images… lies that they told me, to keep me… their temporary pet. I just feel sorry for the next poor girl that Edward dooms to heartache. "I love you!" His words ringing painful lies within my mind, flowing so easily from his imaginary lips as if he's told this lie to countless girls through countless decades, and shall continue to do so through the aeons to come. I see the faces of 'his' family… 'my' family as they smile with these lies and deceits passing, slippery through their lips. It's as if they no nothing but these lies, getting pleasure from the pain they cause. It hurts most though when I think of my friend. She was the first person to ever call me her friend. We were best friends and I talked to her about everything, though I wish I could have told her more, but when I was dating her mind reading brother it seems a moot point to talk about him. I remember when she had let slip about Edward's silly little night visits before we were dating or I knew he is a vampire. It actually hadn't bothered me as much as I now realise it should have. He had been stalking me 'obviously'… maybe Alice was trying to tell me that he's a no good douche. Maybe she did care, even if it were only a little. She cared enough to let me know of Edward's creepy factor. I shudder to think about what he might have been doing while I slept on unawares. I heard a gentle laugh building up within my throat and it slowly passes may cracked and sore lips as a small smile graces me. I feel a little content thinking that Alice had likely felt guilty for the way they treated me but that did not mean I would let her off. No… she needed punishing too. Even if I have to search for a way for the rest of my life I shall make them pay, and nobody shall get in my way. A woman scorned, and all that bullshit. I feel myself on auto pilot shakily pull myself up into a kneeling position my eyes open wide and I'm sure if someone were to look into them they would be horrified by the murderous intent within them. I tried to even my breathing as I shivered, soaked through I had only just noticed it is pissing down and I was caked in soggy dirt but I only laughed. I couldn't stop myself as I look to the dark sky, rain soaking my face but I kept my eyes open. It was a sight… raining so hard yet the clouds are so wispy thin tonight. I could even make out some stars. I almost choked when I suddenly gasped in surprise my laughter stopping as I coughed before returning my unwavering gave to the sky. I smiled as I watched a beautiful ball of red fire shooting across the sky brightening my darkness. I smirked evilly before I made my wish. "I wish for the power to get my revenge. To show those bastard vampires what true strength is, and that they're the inferior species to me!" I yelled out, my throat going hoarse at the end as I giggle. I seriously hadn't expected anything to happen, but as I watched the shooting star it kept getting larger and larger until I was certain the thing is going to hit land. I just watched in mesmerised fascination as it careered across the sky. However, as the seconds ticked away I started to get nervous as to my perspective it was getting larger still, which means it's getting closer. Is it going to hit somewhere near me? Nope, I was wrong as my world exploded into nothing. Nothing? Is that even something? But that's all I am. I think. It seems ironic that I wished upon this star to give me power so that I can be superior to vampires and then this star squishes me into nothing. Wait. If I'm nothing how can I be thinking? Can nothing think? Well I guess I was nothing to the Cullen's and I thought then. Well when Edward wasn't 'thinking' for me. The world as suddenly as it left erupted back into sharp focus. I had to blink away the stars from my eyes (pun intended) as I shook away a soft ringing within my ears. I was standing in a large black burnt crater, but I couldn't see any meteor fragments, and wondered why I'm not dead. That should have certainly killed me, shouldn't it? Maybe I am dead and this is my hell for wishing for revenge or perhaps dating a daemon like Edward. Is it a sin for a human to fall in love with a vampire? But still, I should have at the very least felt pain, right? Yeah I'm almost certain of it. I'm so fucking confused. What's going on? I sigh heavily in frustration and shake my sodden hair from my eyes brushing it away in annoyance with my right hand. However, I pause in curiosity as I gaze at my hand. I don't remember putting on any gloves. I'm now wearing skin-tight leather/rubber gloves with some kind of dark red plastic ring attached around my wrists like thick bracelets, though they're firmly attached. I'm confused further as I look down at my self, I'm wearing skin-tight leather/rubber going down my firm body to my black skin-tight boots with more red plastic bracelets around my ankles. Though, my large firm breasts have some more red plastic covering them like some kind of military body armour. I staggered back a step in shock. I took note that even though the skin-tight body hugging suit that I actually have muscle definition now, and I'm also wearing a slim-line coat that's swaying down to my ankles in the same crimson as the bracelets, left undone with some black trim. Around my waist again with that freaking red plastic, like a thick and stylish belt adding to my looks. I look back to my gloved covered hands in awe. I would never wear anything like this so where did it come from. I clenched my fists and almost stumbled over in surprise as red sparks of lightning flashed to life around my fists. I relaxed and the lightning fizzled away leaving me with a small smile on my face. I look up from my crater and gasp in horror at what I saw, taking half a step back. Blood was lining the assault along with torn and burnt human bodies. Blood oozing from eye sockets, and skull caps seemingly torn open, and cars in crumpled heaps, some people even crushed within their vehicles. I was too shocked to even dry heave in disgust. I took another half step back but jumped moving forward I spun around as something crunched beneath me feet. I screamed and staggered back. There lay my friend Angela Webber naked with one leg mulled and both arms shredded and burnt, laying on her stomach, her eyes looking up at me dead and lifeless, pleading. I grabbed at my head and screamed as I could see images flooding me with terror. I had died hadn't I? Those were my thoughts as I woke up stark naked on the scorched forest floor. It was still raining but I was surprisingly warm. I stood up and checked out my body in confused curiosity as I was never very fit, but now I couldn't help but wonder. I stared around the forest in awe seeing colours I had never known to exist before. I could hear things around me that I knew I couldn't before. It was exhilarating. However, that was before I heard that heartbeat. It was faster that what I figured to be normal, and it was the smell that told me it is dangerous. It smelt like someone had thrown a huge pile of dog shit on a fire. It burnt at my nostrils like someone had been squeezing a tube of acid up my nose, and I was seconds from trying to hide or run when he came into view walking out from behind some bushes with a crinkled nose like mine as if he smelt something bad too. He just stared at me in pity, not that I know why. He's tall; maybe six foot five, Native American, and had bulging muscles that are on display as he's only wearing some denim shorts and he was vibrating… seriously he was. It was disturbing as he tried to calmly tell me my dad is worried and he's part of a rescue team. He hadn't even commented on the fact I'm naked and a little singed. I just took a step back and he tried to put on a friendly smile but it came off wrong and I moved. I seemed even to myself to just materialise out of thin air in front of his surprised face with my left hand wrapped tightly around his neck. His hands came up to try and pry me off but I was stronger. Then weird got weirder as he shifted his form from huge guy to giant sized dark grey wolf. However, I seemed to stream back to where I was originally before I was bitten. The wolf only took a moment to spot me as I stared at it in horror. I crossed my arms to hopefully defend myself, but as he came within a foot of me a powerful red shield of electricity spread around me and the monster painfully bounced off crashing down a few feet away with a whimpering yelp of pain and I could hear some bones snap. Though that hadn't stopped the beast as it climbed to its paws and its yellow eyes glared hate at me. It went to attack again but I uncrossed my arms in what I hoped was a powerful motion and was awed by the effect (it actually did what I hoped). The shield exploded outwards in a furry of fire and lightning. The wolf screamed out as it was caught in my power and collided with a tree creating a huge crack. I smiled as I raised my right hand before the wolf fell. My hand sparked as did the wolf as I seemed to have it pinned to the tree by static electricity. I found myself laughing loudly and proudly as I held the monster to the tree as it screamed, roared, yelped, and struggled relentlessly, but it was no use as my power was too great… all he can do is turn into a dog while I truly have power. " You filthy fucking monster!" I found myself screaming at it as I laughed in hysterics. "You think you're all of that and more, huh? You fucks are all the same thinking you're all that. Well news flash buddy. I am all of that and so much more. But that least you'll die quickly whereas Edward will suffer for treating me like a fucking toy. Bye Bye!" I laughed as the wolf guy looked at me pleadingly, begging me with his eyes as he struggled against my power. I had just laughed, I think he even tried transforming back but my power wouldn't let