Disclaimer: I do not own Twilight. Midnight Saviour Chapter 1 Foretold " It was foretold that a saviour would rise to the world of man, reborn to protect the world from the new rise of legend since made myth. The world had changed with new eras of man, and with that the magic slowly faded away into the shadows. " The monsters of the world hid themselves from the growing plague they saw the humans to be. Humanity spread out through the world and massed in numbers far superior to the world of myth. Magic and might came to a passé where their paths split, and the mystical was shield away from the mortal world, hidden, lost from sight. " Mighty empires that flourished because of mighty power of the spirit and mysticism fell as the humans took the world for themselves, once slaves to the myths, they were freed by fair men and women when the Saviour rose up and said 'enough', and led an army beyond to freedom. " Atlantis was the first to fall followed by Babylon and Shangri-La as those who ruled realised that without humans they were useless. They had grown complacent and ignorant. They didn't know how to take care of themselves, and they tried to fight the mortals, the humans, but the Saviour had gained the loyalty, love and respect of others like her who had grown to pity the humans, some immortals even felt envious of their mortality. " Therefore, the humans were defended from the mysticism by mysticism, and they fought a tiresome battle, and barely won, pushing the monsters back into the shadows, and the Saviour and her generals disappeared into rumour and legend while the world forgot they existed, and the magic was lost to myth and legend. " The world moved on and everything that was once marvellous and magical in the world faded away, hiding from the humans, waiting, waiting for a time where they could rule anew. But the world had started changing faster than they would have ever thought. The mortals built and grew, creating things of science that could rival magic's might, but that was a two way street as they could use those inventions too, but still the humans were far greater in numbers, so they stalked the night, and made it their own. " However, it was foretold that the old world would rise again to fell the new and bring it to its knees, and the Saviour would be reborn, to wake anew with a new life and new heart. The Saviour would rise to the defence of the mortal world and the day. The Saviour would fight in the dark, as a killer once more to protect the humans and defend their freedom from the shadows. " It was foretold. " The world of man could fall, unless a new Saving Hope stands to fight, as once more a saviour is born as a guardian, The Saviour of human kind. In this world the darkness waits, hunting in the darkest night, waiting for this time to fight. Darkness will spill unto the light of day. The Saviour will stand in their way... a beacon of hope in this world today." I woke with a start, sweat drenching my hair and face. I sat up fast, feeling sick as I had those dreams again. I hadn't long turned 13 and the stupid dreams were not supposed to be so... odd. I had figured that they would stop. I never enjoyed horror movies so I never watched them, so I couldn't understand where all of these images and nightmares came from. In the dream we were one and the same, and always at the end I heard that voice. It was soft and young, so full of loneliness, but tinted with hope. It was her voice. Her name was Saya, and she was in my dream. I was her in my dream. When I was her I did things that made me feel sick at first, but after that I couldn't feel bad. I didn't understand. The first few days had made me vomit, but then, nothing; I had adapted and it desensitised me. It had started about 4 weeks ago. I started having the dreams. They were indistinct and distant at first, but I could still see the blood. In my dreams I killed humans and monsters. I was powerful, and fast. I could fight, and I could feel it. I hid my emotions. I fought and killed because I had to, to protect people. The people looked up to me for protection; it was like they voted me queen. I was their saviour, but yet I didn't fully understand why. I didn't want to be a killer, even in my dreams. I was better than that. I felt like I was going crazy. I had never spoken another langue in my life, well I took Spanish at school, but other than that - but I had heard people speaking other languages, and though dialects and words were slightly different I understood. It was scary as I had tested this, and though I didn't know many languages I was suddenly fluent in a very old dialect of Spanish. I knew Latin and an Ancient form of Egyptian, Russian, Canonise, Mandarin, Korean, and Japanese. I couldn't be certain because it was freaking me out and I gave up my research there, but I could have known more. My life had turned upside down when I was in Spanish class. I was trying to pretend that I couldn't understand the teacher as none of the other students could as she tried to get us to converse with her in her native languish. She started calling my name as I had zoned out and wasn't looking to her, and I answered in Spanish. She then went and reprimanded me in Spanish and I answered back in the languages. It took me a while to realise that the students were staring at me strangely and the teacher was beaming with pride because I wasn't speaking English, which was how I discovered my dialect was wrong but close enough. I never had any friends at school. My mother said I had an old soul and the other kids couldn't relate to that. I wasn't picked on or anything like that so I wasn't too sad. Though, it would have been nice to have some boys or even girls trying to get me out on a date or something, but I could deal with the loneliness. I figured that once I was older I could make friends. So my Spanish teacher thought I was a language prodigy, but I guess she was nice, pretty too, so I couldn't mind the extra time she asked from me, especially when I started ranting in Latin once when I was talking with her after I had stood up for a Gothic loner boy as he was being bullied and he and the other boys turned on me for 'interfering', but I was only trying to be nice. My teacher knew some Latin from her time at University in England, and couldn't believe one of her students could actually rant in it as if it was her first language. It was embarrassing as my Spanish teacher squished my face into her large bust as she hugged me in happiness. Then other than the linguistic talent I've started improving in gym class. I used to be a complete klutz. The dodgeball was thrown to me while I'm not paying attention, too busy fretting over getting hit, and I catch it without looking and break a boys nose with the ball when I automatically threw it. I still felt a little guilty about that but he tried hurting me first, but it was lucky I never got into trouble. He likely deserved it anyway. He was one of those jocks who seemed to get away with everything because he was good at football. It never made sense. I would have thought schools would praise music over sports as I'm certain musicians could become much more famous than sportsmen, and it was always football or baseball, which weren't even the most popular sports on the planet, which made me wonder why soccer wasn't more popular in the States. I sighed as I shook my head clear and tried not to think about it. I pulled my covers back on my bed and grimaced as the cold sweat of the night's dream made me shiver as my PJ's were soaked through. I would have to change my sheets again as they stank, and I felt tired of my dreams, and what was worse was I was starting to believe in monsters, and that was making me slightly paranoid. In my dreams I could do incredible things, and there were monsters, so when I realised that I was showing signs of Saya's talents it made me wonder. I tried to shake off the feeling of dread, but I never could. I only really understood that Saya was some kind of saviour for the humans, or normal people to be free from oppression and servitude to and from magical people. It was faint and not completely clear but I could hear the prophecy mulling around inside my head and it made me shiver with fear and feel increasing nausea. If that fortune was real, then that would mean terrible things would happen in the future. But worse than that it would mean I would be fighting the terrible things as I did in the past. I paused there, shivering as I referred to Saya as me, but we were completely different people, in personality and nationality. She was an ancient Japanese ninja and I was just an ordinary white American high school girl. So, okay, I kind of think I might have some hidden talent, but I didn't have the strength she had to punch a hole through rock. But then she had practiced and trained for years to do the things she did, and died too young. I didn't want to die young like that. I wanted to experience life first. I wanted to fall in love, and maybe have a family of some kind too. I shook my head a few times and sighed before standing up. I groaned as that annoying bird from the tree outside my window was chirping again, and it went straight through my head. I had to keep the window open as living in Phoenix Arizona it was so hot, even with the fan on my desk trying to keep me cool since there was only air conditioning in the lounge as me and mum didn't have a fortune, though we had some more income now mom had Phil. Phil was an okay guy, and he made mum happy so I was okay with him living with us, but he was just a 'little' league baseball player. I never did get that sport. It was just as time-consuming and boring as cricket and golf. I suppose they were likely more fun to play than watch, or it could have been just my tastes, which since my dreams had gotten violent. I never used to like violent action movies, or kung fu movies, but I found them ideal stress relievers after a hard day at school. I liked school, because I was good at it, but it could be stressful when you realised something freakish was happening, and though it may have had something to do with puberty, this was far more than that simple. It was hard to think with that annoying bird and I didn't think much more as I pulled a pencil from my desk and a moment later it with out of the window, and I followed it with my eyes before it disappeared into the foliage before a small bird fell out of the tree with