Hello My dear lovelies. It is I back again with a one shot due to this amazing prompt hosted by everlarkficexchange I'm sorry it's a bit late. I would love to just say that this was super difficult for me, seeing as this is my first smut ever written. Please be kind. I would like to thank titaniasfics for her amazing beta work and The biggest most ardent thanks to my baby doll mega-aulover for helping me through everything and keeping my spirits up. Finally, I would like to thank my handsome hubs for the inspiration and patience. I made my own little banner. It isn't much but I tried. I hope you all like this story. Please don't forget to read and write a review, any kind of feedback would do. It would be much appreciated. XXXXXXXXXXXXXx I can hear the muffled cheers of the Capitolites outside the window. They delight in their favorite Tributes and respective districts. Some might even be taking bets. Betting for which one of us would come out alive. Which of us is worth their sponsorship. Which one they would deem prettier or have a more tragic background so that they will give us a dim hope for survival, not realizing that no one comes out alive. Not if you count nightly terrors, and daily reminders of those we are forced to kill to ensure our empty continuity of life. Going about something resembling living but floating through it all with no feelings other than remorse and guilt because no matter how many times the Victor tries to convince themselves that everything was out of their control, you are left feeling as though it was somehow wrong to survive. You feel disgusted by whatever choices you made, no matter how inconsequential they may have been. You never forget the faces of the people who died by your hand. Unspeakable things that no one should be subjected to, but the Capitolites are so far removed to understand them.. So invested in hollow things such as drama, fashion and whether Peeta and I will last or keep on this charade of the star-crossed lovers. They don't notice the despair that's left behind. The bodies of children who never a chance to leave a mark on this world. I walk over to the window and watch as the Capitol children run around gleefully in their bizarre dresses and coats carrying sparklers, pretending to jab one another, imitating their favorite Tribute. The fireworks lighting up the sky and hearing the 'oohs and the aaahs' from the crowd. I turn back disgusted and sit on the sofa as I wait for Peeta to join me. Peeta, who once again tried to spare me when he convinced the crowd outside that I was pregnant. Me, who has done nothing more than to push him away. He has sacrificed himself more times than I can count. But, there he was on that stage, still trying to protect me. I didn't intend for my little rebellion to generate such an uproar. For Snow to put a target on both our backs, for Peeta to be in danger. He doesn't deserve it, he is far too kind and forgiving. I sigh and run my hands through the tips of my tousled hair . There was no power on this earth to make me want to wear the abhorrent wedding dress for more than it was necessary. I smile and for once I felt a surge of pride remembering the way people's faces changed when the wedding dress burned before their eyes and was replaced by the dark and exquisite dress that Cinna made. I would have loved to have seen Snow's face, but for now I'll content myself with my imagination. Peeta, on the other hand, was perfect. Pristine and handsome, and, dare I say it, even delicate in some way. His white tux made him look like a beautiful angel, too flawless to be touched, with his golden hair and crystalline blue eyes. Eyes so full of compassion and kindness. The kindness he had shown me when he fed me the burned bread despite the black eye he carried the next day. That was who Peeta was and perhaps Haymitch is right. I can live a thousand years but never truly deserve him. For I am the dark rebel. The one filled with fire and anger but I know I need the dandelion in the spring to gently quench of my own sorrows, my remorse, and fill my resentful heart. He is what I need and there would be no one to equal to him. I hear the door click and I look back to see a casual Peeta walking my way, a sheepish smile on his face. He shrugs and rubs the back of his neck as he nears the couch and walks to sit at the far end of it, hands clasped between his strong thighs. I look at him and contemplate his newly washed hair. Droplets of water cling to each golden stand. "What?" he asks. I smile. "So we got married, huh?" He nods, "Yep." "And I'm pregnant?" I ask slightly teasing him but wanting to hear his reasons for lying even though I know what they are. Peeta clears his throat to cover his discomfort. "You look great!" I raise my eyebrows." Peeta." He flattens his back against the sofa. "I'm sorry." "Do you think they'll stop the games?" I ask, worry still tightly wound in my heart. He sighs, "No, I don't think so but it was worth a shot." Time elapses before I dare to speak again, the silence enveloping us comforting me "So, about our marriage…" I begin to lay the groundwork for what I know will probably be the most uncomfortable moment of my life."Yeah," he asks slowly, suspicion pricking his eyes. I gulp and take in a lungfull of air, "I do want to marry you." He rolls his eyes, "Katniss, we're gonna have to at some point if we get out of this alive." I frown and move closer, hesitating on whether I should even try to hold his hands. I rub my sweaty palms against my sweatpants, "Uh no Peeta. I don't want to get married to you because it's something we must do to stay alive and convince people that we're in love. I don't have to convince anyone of anything…." He stares at me, clearly baffled as to what I mean. I soldier on before I lose what little reserve of bravery I have, "I -I don't want to marry you because…" "So, you don't want to marry me?" he asks slightly annoyed. "No! I mean yes. I mean I don't know…" I falter as I feel my bravery waning and my insecurities creeping up like a dark hooded figure. "What? What are you trying to say? I don't understand what's going on!" he fumed, getting up from the couch and pacing before me. I'm panicking because I'm ruining everything again and I can only sit in silence instead of fixing it. "Katniss, are you listening to me?" asks Peeta his eyes full of worry. Worried for me and all I can do is shake my head and stare at him. I'm losing him again and this time I won't let it happen. I get up off the couch, taking a step towards him before he leaves, "I don't want to marry you because we have to. I want to do it because I really want to!" Peeta stops and turns back to look at me, confusion and even slight hope mirrored in his eyes. He slowly walks back to me and asks, "Why do you want to marry me?" "Because I love you." I muster to say in one big gulp. My heart races, my palms are sweaty. I have just revealed the very depths of my soul. I love Peeta Mellark and it was out there, and almost regret it. As Haymitch pointed out I didn't deserve him. . "You love me?" he repeats. I nod as I feel my eyes prickling with tears but I try to hold them off lest he thinks I'm too weak to deserve him. It makes no sense to think he ever would consider me weak for crying but my stubborn head can't find its way around weakness and emotional breakage. Who knows, maybe I'm already broken but then again, 'who wouldn't be under the current circumstances?' At least that's what I believe Peeta would say. Kind, understanding, benevolent Peeta. A man who loved a broken girl before she even knew she could herself. Desperately, I caress his face softly, gazing at him. Remembering every nook and cranny of his face, every wrinkle, every nuance, every lovely feature, "I love you. I'm sorry I couldn't say it sooner. I was too wrapped up on surviving the stupid games. Too wrapped up in my own misery that I forgot you were there with me too. Helping me, hurting with me, loving me. I don't know what else I can say other than I love you and I probably always did, I just didn't realize it until now. You saved me and now all I want to do is love you back as much as you do or did. I hope I'm not too late." I smile and slowly let my hand drop but before my fingertips can lose what little contact it has, I feel his grip pulling me back and embracing me. He pulls away and stares at me as though he were mesmerized and full of wonder. Then he smiles, "I do love you. I've always loved you. I always will." He kisses me sweetly on the mouth. I feel my soul glowing with happiness. A warmth unlike any I could describe fills me and all I can do is close my eyes and kiss him. Of course, I know I catch him off guard because he freezes for a moment before fervently rewarding me with his own lips. I feel his fingers gently running down my neck before settling under my chin while the other hand rests on my hip. His soft lips part and I feel his tongue begging for entrance. I willingly open and sigh contently as he explores me with an intimacy I hadn't yet been privy to. I wrap my arms around his neck wishing the kiss would last forever because the fireworks that are running through my body couldn't possibly be imagined. It's so unlike kissing Gale, who'd inspired nothing when his lips touched mine. It was as though I were kissing an old friend goodbye. I'm moaning out little sounds of pleasure until we are interrupted by someone clearing their throat. We spring apart as though someone had thrown a bucket of cold water on us. Haymitch leans against the doorframe with his eyebrow raised and a knowing smile while Effie stands next to him, frozen in place eyes wide and her jaw hanging open. Haymitch pushes himself off the doorframe, "What's this? Practicing in case there's another set of people you have to convince?" Effie closes her jaw and glares Haymitch, "Haymitch, that is most inappropriate. You know you can't ask them why they do something. You're overstepping your bounds." She purses her lips unbecomingly and walks toward us, flashing a sweet smile. For a moment, I'm left feeling a little suspicious considering how it's usually Effie that ruins moments but I calm down once I see her reaching for both our hands and squeezing them affectionately, "I'm so glad you've finally come to your senses and seen what a great catch Peeta really is. He's good for you, you know?" Ah, there goes the Effie we all know and love. I look over at Peeta who is closely resembling a tomato and know that Effie would praise him above anyone else. She's always preferred him to me and that suits