Hello my lovely readers! I cannot believe this but I wrote this fic months ago and forgot to post it. It was supposed to be for a Yuletide in Panem challenge but I guess I was so busy that I forgot to even submit it. Oh well. I hope you all like this cute little story I cooked up. I guess you could say this is a short continuation of my other story, (Little Snowflake). I would like to thank my beta for being so patient and sweet. Disclaimer: None of the characters are made by me. They all belong to the amazing Suzanne Collins. XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX "Well what do you want me to do?" Peeta asked pacing up and down the rug. He swiftly turned to look at his wife who was currently sitting on the large, plush sofa; legs stretched before her. Katniss rubbed her now protruding stomach as she scowled and silently fumed, "Well I don't know, Peeta but the fact that you forgot to bring the damn cookies is enough to piss me off. I mean, how could you forget," she crossed her arms. "You knew we had a Christmas party today and you forgot. " "I'll just go back to the bakery and go whip some up real quick." Peeta explained, his voice raising up an octave as he got angrier, seeing how Katniss shook her head vehemently, "Why not? I'll just do them, and walk over to the party once they're packed and ready." Katniss squinted, "Then we'll be later and I'm not looking forward to showing up alone. You know how I feel now that I'm so close to giving birth. I mean look at me, I look like I'm carrying a watermelon." she pointed to her stomach for emphasis. "Haymitch's is only three houses away." argued Peeta pointing to the door. Katniss looked out of the window and raised her eyebrow when she heard a whistle of strong wind making the pane shatter lightly. Katniss turned red, " Peeta I don't know if you realize this but I'm pregnant, and I still have to take some presents over there. Not to mention I still have to make sure that Willow is fine walking those three houses while I try to balance that turkey on my hands" she pointed to a large flat pan covered in tinfoil on top of the dark round oak table and to three large bags of presents sitting carelessly in the the corner of the room. Peeta huffed, "Katniss you're drowning in a cup of water. Don't make things into a such a big deal. I-" he heard a knock on the door, "who is it?" he called. A muffled Johanna called on the other end, "Open the fucking door doofus. It's cold as hell out here." A gust of wind blew through the house accompanied by a flurry of snow. Johanna and Annie quickly walked into the room and shook the snow off their hair as Peeta shut the door with a slam. Annie shuddered and moved closer to the fireplace, extending her hands out and savoring the licks of warmth that traveled through her fingertips, "Ah, that's better." she said. Johanna sniffed and looked at both Peeta and Katniss. She raised her eyebrows, "Trouble in paradise, Mellarks?" Katniss rolled her eyes, "Mind your business Jo." Annie turned to look at them while Johanna whistled, " Oh, so it's serious." she looked over at Annie and shook her head mockingly, " Great, we left one place to avoid the bickering only to land in a place with the same problem." Annie simply tilted her head in answer. Peeta frowned and walked over, "It's really no big deal Katniss is just exaggerating," Katniss grunted as Annie squeaked as though giving him a warning. Peeta put his arms up defensively, " I forgot to make the platter of cookies for the party but she won't let me go back to the bakery to whip some up real quick." he added. Johanna looked outside the window at the tempestuous storm before them, " You forgot to make my cookies? How dare you, you idiot." she added as she walked over to smack him on the arm. Peeta dodged the blow, "It's been a hectic month and I've had a lot on my mind." "I'll say." added Katniss irritably. Peeta rolled his eyes, "It's no big deal, I'll just take the car over to the bakery and make them." "Peeta you can't. It's dangerous out there and you could get into an accident." Annie explained. "Fine then I'll walk." he replied. Johanna scoffed, "In this weather. You're fucking kidding me, right?" "Well then what do you suggest I do?" Peeta asked raising his voice another octave. Katniss frowned deeper, "Shush Peeta. Willow's gonna hear us." both Annie and Jo nodded. "Just come over to the party. We have plenty of food and if the weather subsides you can go do your cookies and bring them over later. There's not timesheet that says when we're supposed to eat them." suggested Annie as she shrugged her shoulders. "Where's Willow?'" asked Johanna. Katniss nodded towards the stairs, "She's in her room playing." she heaved herself into a sitting position and reached over for her slip on boots. Despite her burgeoning stomach she managed to awkwardly slip her boot on. She was in the process of putting the other on when Annie interrupted her, "Need any help?" she asked walking closer. Katniss shook her head and continued on her difficult task. "Are you sure?" asked Annie once more. "Nope, I've got it." Katniss replied once she successfully felt her boot slip into place. She dropped her leg and looked up at Annie triumphantly. Peeta walked towards the stairs and called out, "Willow, put your shoes and coat on. We're going to Uncle Mitch's" The four instantly hear a trample of little feet as Willow ran about upstairs. She wasn't one for stealth like Katniss. The noise ceased for a few moments and then resumed again only this time they heard the clobbers going down the steps. A short four year old brunette with a toothy grin bounded towards them, clutching a pony in one hand and a doll in the other. Just as she was on the last steps her bright blue eyes widened and her smile grew even more if that was possible, "Aunty Jo!" she hollered as she made a beeline for Johanna's outstretched arms. "Pipsqueak." laughed Jo once the toddler all but jumped into her embrace. Willow's unruly wavy hair covered her face and her strawberry smelling hands wrapped around her neck. Jo gave her a small kiss and the little girl backed up enough to turn and notice Annie. She rushed over to hug the slight red head while both Peeta and Katniss smiled gently, forgetting their problems for a brief moment. Annie backed away, "Are you ready?" Willow nodded earnestly, "Yup, I even put my shoes on." she answered pointing to her feet proudly. Johanna looked at them and frowned, "Well you did a very good try but they're on the wrong feet, silly." Willow giggled and covered her mouth as though she were privy to some great secret. Annie smiled and bend down in order to help the little girl correct her mistake. "Bread boy, put your coat on and let's go." Johanna said. "-but," Peeta began to argue. Johanna rolled her eyes, "But nothing. We've already talked about it and you're coming with us. We'll see later how we'll survive without your stupid cookies that you forgot to make for me." "Language." Warned Katniss as her eyes looked over at Willow who was currently studying everything that was going on around her. "Can I take my Pony and my doll?" asked Willow stretching her arms out to show her parents the objects of interest. "You're going to be getting lots of gifts later baby. Maybe we should leave the pony and doll that way you don't forget them later at Uncle Mitch's house." suggested Peeta. Willow shrugged her shoulders, "I won't forget and even if I do we live three houses down. Momma can just go pick them up later or maybe you daddy." Johanna nodded impressively, "She's got a point," she said looking at Peeta and smirking, "Pipsqueak should take them." Katniss huffed as she lifted herself off the couch, "What if they feel lonely because you're playing with the other toys then?" she asked looking at her daughter. Willow rolled her eyes, "Momma, they're toys. They don't get jealous." "Fine you can take them. Just make sure not to lose them." consented Peeta while he made sure the fire before them had been properly extinguished. "We should get going, Fen must be missing me." Annie added referring to her two year old son while she wrapped the four year old brunette in a coat and scarf. Just before they walked out of house, presents and all, Johanna pulled a fluffy hat on top of Willows head and smiled satisfactorily. XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX It didn't take too long for the crew to get to Haymitch's home but upon opening the door and walking towards the living room Johanna and Annie both stopped the couple before them and pointed to something above. Katniss looked up and saw a small mistletoe hanging from a string in the middle of the threshold. She looked at Annie and Annie pointed at the mistletoe yet again. "What?" Katniss asked completely befuddled. "Kiss your husband, brainless. That's what the mistletoe is for." hissed Johanna as she nudged towards Willow who was looking at her parents perplexingly wided eyed. "Leave them alone Jo," Haymitch hollered as he passed by with a bottle of Vodka hanging from his hand, "besides, I'm sure those two," he looked pointedly at Katniss and Peeta, "have been kissing all day." Katniss managed a wavering smile and looked over at her husband questioningly. Peeta simply huffed and looked at Willow and shrugged as he quickly leaned over and planted a chaste kiss on her cheek. "There, that wasn't too hard. Now was it?" questioned Annie with a satisfied smile as the group trudged forward to place the gifts under the green ornate tree. Willow looked at the star atop the green Christmas tree and smiled as Haymitch approached her from behind, "Yah like it kid?" he asked and Willow nodded dazedly. He patted her head and walked away to look for a cup and some ice. "Nice tree Uncle Mitch." smirked Johanna. Haymitch pointed at her as he issued a warning, "No one else is allowed to call me that except for Willow and Fen." Johanna raised her arms, "Sorry, it's just so catchy." she replied as she backed away towards the kitchen. Soon everyone made themselves comfortable and Peeta walked into the Kitchen to greet Effie who was going stark crazy with preparations, "Oh, hello Peeta dear," she smiled and patted his arm affectionately, "Just put the cookie platter and the turkey on the table and maybe you can help me with these hor'dourves." she added faltering as she looked at her disastrous handiwork. "He forgot the stupid cookies." announced Johanna plopping herself on the far end of the counter. Effie looked back at Peeta horrified, "You didn't. Peeta, you know we look forward to your wonderful confections," she looked disappointed as Peeta stood awkwardly in front of her, "Well, I guess that's alright. We'll manage." Peeta glanced out the small windows and saw the storm rage on. He knew it would be futile to tell Effie of his plan to go back to the bakery but he gave it a shot either way, "I can go back to the bakery and whip some up quickly." he asked earnestly. "In that weather, no Peeta absolutely not." Effie objected, "Now, you know we love your things but not enough to send you out into that storm, besides it's not like the bakery is