Hello my lovely readers! It yours truly, back at again with a new creation. I hope you all like it and if you have any questions, then please don't hesitate to ask! I would like to thank titaniasfics for being so supportive and being my amazing beta! I luv yah girl! Without further ado…. on to our story. Summary: it's 1956 Kentucky, USA and Peeta Mellark son of the Baker has fallen in love with Katniss Everdeen. A colored girl born In the Seam. Katniss, although unaware of the love that is harbors in Peeta's heart befriends him and slowly falls in love herself. Could their love survive amongst the dangers and prejudice? Or will their love bring them to destruction? Rating: M (Strong language and violence) Disclaimer: I own absolutely nothing. All characters and settings belong to the amazing Suzanne Collins. Katniss ran through the field of pumpkins. She heard the crunch of dead leaves beneath her worn leather shoes. The wind grazed her face, making her eyes water. She could feel her braid slowly come undone as the breeze blew it every which way. Her thin sweater rarely offered protection against the ever increasing cold and her dress wasn't any better as the thin material flapped against her legs. Her chest heaved in pain as her feet pounded the ground with renewed purpose. She had to get to school as soon as possible before the doors closed. There was no telling what her mother might do if she came back home. "Knowledge is a pathway to success, Katniss." She heard almost everyday while she rolled her eyes at the repetitiveness. Mrs. Everdeen was adamant that her daughters get a good education. Katniss never really understood her mother's need to have them be in school when she could be helping with the harvesting season. She could help with the hunting as well, seeing as how her father had taught her before he passed away The bell gave its first warning and Katniss took a deep breath as she willed her legs to move faster. Just as she was nearing the doors, she saw her friend Mags at the entrance, ready to close the door. Katniss half yelled, half whimpered as her lungs protested against her ribcage. Mags opened the door wider and ushered her in. Katniss breathlessly jumped into the hallway and fell on to her knees as she heard the all too familiar groan of the wooden door when it closed with a loud clunk. She sat on the floor clutching her sides in pain. She desperately gulped in air as she felt herself sag on the floor while Mags kneeled down and rubbed her back asking after her well being. Katniss nodded, unable to answer just yet. Maybe when her lungs didn't feel like they were on fire. Mags grabbed her arms and heaved her up against the wall. "Are you sure you're ok?" "Yes, I'll be fine. Just give me a minute." "Well, I'm not sure I can give you much because the teachers are almost done with their morning coffee." Katniss nodded and wiped the sweat off her forehead. She greedily took in a few more breaths while gathering her books and walked to class. She entered the small dilapidated classroom and set her books next to Delly Cartwright. Delly took one look at Katniss's disheveled hair and raised her eyebrows in question. Katniss shook her head and tried to fix her hair as best she could with little success. She opened her notebook and began to scrawl the date. The board stood a few feet away. A modest rectangular desk with books on top. She could see a shiny red apple sitting on to the left. Mrs. Hawthorne walked in and waited until the class quieted down, standing with her arms clasped at her waist blinking slowly and serenely. Her frail figure gave off an air of vulnerability, something that she used to her advantage. All the kids began to settle down and Mrs. Hawthorne started the day's lesson. Though she looked small as she scrawled the day's events it was a bad idea to cross her. Sweet Hazel knew how to handle children quite well. After all, she herself had five children of her own -Four boys and one girl. Gale, her oldest was Katniss's best friend. They hunted and harvested together, portioning their goods equally. After they lost their fathers to a tractor accident, they had formed an unspoken alliance. Their fathers' died trapped under the crushing power of a heavy tractor. In return for the awful turn of events (as they called it) the government allowed them to keep a bit more of their crops than was usual. Perhaps they thought it enough to pacify them and to keep them from "raising hell". However, the morale of the town was so low that no one dared to do anything about the state of things and the hunger. There was nothing to do but to sit and accept what the government gave. Hunting was strictly forbidden but Gale and Katniss refused to go hungry. The guards that Panem had employed for the purpose of enforcing the law barely acknowledged them. If they knew of Katniss and Gale's hunting they looked the other way. They didn't say a word, as a matter of fact they partook in the distributing of goods. Even the governor was in it, which suited them just fine. Although Katniss and Gale never said it, they would not allow the other to starve and that included their families. His mother, although tough, was a woman of compassion. She was the one who visited Katniss, Prim and their mother to make sure that they were all right; sometimes taking on the role of a cook so that the girls wouldn't starve. She would often say, "If it wasn't for your mother I would've lost my James." Hazel was heavily pregnant when her husband died. Her situation became complicated when the baby refused to come out. After two days of pushing, an exhausted Hazel was ready to give up. That was until her mother showed up at the Hawthorne's doorstep like an angel brought down from heaven. All of the well meaning women in town were unqualified against one of the best midwives in Lexington, Kentucky. She quickly got to work and had some of the women firmly push on Hazel's burgeoning stomach while Hazel pushed. The day was turning into dusk when finally a small piercing cry broke the silence. When Katniss eventually dared to enter the home she saw Hazel sitting down on her bed as she nursed her newborn son. She looked exhausted but glowing with joy. Katniss could not get over the strength of the petite woman who dared to defy the odds and bring forth new life. Mrs. Everdeen washed her hands, gathered her things and passively walked out of the house after assuring the new mother that she was only a few doors away should she need help. After that, Mrs. Everdeen seemed to go back to her old routine. Back to ignoring her daughters. Back to days where she refused to hug or kiss them. Katniss's patience was wearing thinner each day she saw her sister Prim cry. She had no problem being ignored but Prim was sensitive and delicate like her namesake. Primrose, a name given to her for her beauty. Prim with her golden hair and clear innocent blue eyes. Eyes she inherited from their mother. Katniss, however took after her father. Her brown wavy hair, silver eyes, and toffee colored skin. All of it was her father. She loved her father very much but her mother's indifference made her resent him for leaving. Her mother was never the same. She only began to see a change when Hazel, despite her busy schedule showed up and forced her mother to wake up. Mrs. Everdeen slowly withdrew herself from the darkness and a sense of normalcy settled on the house. Sure, there was less laughter and less cuddles on her mother's part but at least she was back to healing others and even cooking. It was finally coming back full circle and Katniss was content enough. Peeta Mellark walked languidly, eyes downcast. The door was but two feet away. He shifted his books to his other hand and brought the other to his forehead, shielding his vision from the dust that was kicked up from the cold autumn breeze. He lifted his gaze towards the field and saw someone sprinting towards the entrance. No, not someone. Katniss. Peeta quickly opened the door and waited until she got closer. Brown wisps framed her caramel face and silver eyes, her forehead wrinkled with worry and her lips pursed with purpose. He'd seen that expression when she was concentrating or angry. She looked exhausted. Peeta became antsy as time drew closer. He hoped he wouldn't be late in the process of waiting. He stuck his foot in front of the door holding it in place while rubbing his hands together and buttoned up the thick woolen jacket. Peeta popped the collar closer to his neck and kicked out his unoccupied leg. He raised his eyebrows when he saw Katniss getting closer, but she swerved to the other entrance. Perhaps she hadn't seen him. He sighed exasperatedly at his own idiocy. Of course she wouldn't have seen him, she would usually use the other entrance, besides she didn't even know he existed. Peeta walked in and let the door bang shut, giving sound to his frustration. He sprinted to class and walked in only minutes before Mrs. Hawthorne did. Peeta slammed his books down in frustration while taking his usual seat as he gave a quick hello to his friend Thresh. " Hey man, are you ok?" Peeta nodded curtly. Thresh shrugged as Mrs. Hawthorne walked in, notebook and pencil in hand, taking attendance. Peeta discreetly stole a glance over to where Katniss sat. She was huffing with exhaustion as she opened her book. Even in her disheveled state, she still looked beautiful. He loved that she was kind, honest, and above all caring. When her father died, he watched as she bravely stood in front of City Hall receiving extra rations of food and a medal for her father's work. Her mother stood beside her, staring but not looking at anything in particular. A ghost of her former self. His father offered to help the Everdeen's should they ever need it. Katniss simply nodded stoically as she held her sobbing sister. This was back when she was but eleven. Peeta wanted to help but he had no idea where to start or how to offer it. He admired her bravery and even more so when he found out about Katniss's dealings with meat. She was hunting, despite the illegality and danger. He found that she had guts when she had come into the bakery selling her game. His father walked out to greet her but his mother got there first. She stomped her way towards Katniss. Her silver orbs widened as she backed up a step. She looked back and seemed to war with herself whether she should leave or stay as his mother got closer. She nodded assertively squared her shoulders and looked at his mother directly in the eyes. Mrs. Mellark frowned furiously, "What the hell are you doing here?" Katniss just blinked. "I asked you a question, brat." Katniss put down her bag, "I'm here to sell some meat." His mother became more agitated with Katniss's lack of fear, "We don't need your meat. It's tainted anyway. I don't want anything coming from a Seam colored brat." His mother said with disgust as she sneered at Katniss's attempt to make a living. Mrs. Mellark didn't even try to report her to the mayor because she knew her pleas would fall on deaf ears. The guards and the mayor himself were in agreement with