So it's finally here, mega-aulover is finally one year closer to becoming old and cranky. LOL, jk it's impossible for her to be cranky when she's so freaking cute. Anyways, Honey Boo Bear Happy Birthday. I love you so much and I feel so incredibly proud to call you my friend. I hope this day is wonderful for you. I want you to have the best birthday ever and since you are such an incredible part of this fandom I have decided to write you a fic. Of course none of this would've been any good without the wonderful beta work of norbertsmom . Seriously she is the best. Also I got a beautiful banner done just for this wip, created by the super talented akai-echo .girl is seriously sooooo good it hurts. Now after much torture on my behalf here is your 1st chapter completely dedicated to you. I hope you like it. xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx "It is a truth universally acknowledged, that a single man in possession of a great fortune, must be in want of a wife." read Prim as she slowly paced back and forth in the room. Her sweet delicate eyes scanning the pages. "Yeah right, as if any of the boys around here would be interested in getting married," murmured Katniss as she lay on the bed staring at the ceiling. Prim frowned, "Would you please stop? I'm trying to read, besides it's not like we have anything better to do. Or would you prefer we start getting ready for your marriage proposal?" Katniss sat up. "No," she conceded as she looked guiltily at her sister's beautiful blue eyes. "It's just, I don't know why mama's so eager to get me married. It's not like it's the 19th century. We're not living the life of Jane Austen." she sighed heavily and flopped back on the bed Prim closed the book after putting a marker in it and carefully placed it on the nightstand. "Well, it's not the 19th century, but this is India and it's not like living in London." She reached out for her sister's hand in an effort to soothe. "Listen, I'll be there the whole time and if it's any consolation, I really don't think anything will come out of it." "What does she expect me to do though… Does mama really hope I behave like Amrita Rao in Vivah? All sweetness and gentleness?" Katniss scoffed slightly raising herself on her elbows, her bangles clinked at her wrists. She rolled her eyes when her sister patted her gently on the knee so as to get her to sit up completely. Prim giggled and got up to open the closet and to pull out a beautiful golden necklace and put it on Katniss' delicate neck. She grabbed the end of the saree and draped it over Katniss, pulling it over her head so as to cover part of her chocolate tresses bringing the end of it to slightly cover part of Katniss' eyes like Madhuri Dixit did so many times in the 90's, " Don't forget submissive," she declared while batting her own light eyelashes dramatically. Katniss snorted, "Well, she's in for some disappointment since I don't or rather can't act like that. Not even if the guy ends up being Shahid Kapoor." Prim laughed and shook her head, "I think you don't give yourself the credit that you deserve." "Prim, I hunt for fun, and I don't even do it the cool way. I do it with a bow and arrow, like bauji taught us," Katniss drawled. Prim rolled her eyes. "Ok, so you don't do a lot of the things that other girls do. You're not exactly mama's idea of femininity, but you are really good at what you do, at least better than all of us," she said. When she saw Katniss frown and shake her head she made sure to level her eyes to her sister's before continuing, "Kat, you're amazing. I really wish you'd believe me. You have a useful skill and the only thing I can do is embroider and dabble as a nurse every now and then." Katniss eyes widened, "Primrose, you don't just dabble, you're really good, and for the record you're one of the most likely to land a husband before any of us." "You seem to forget that there is more to you than you believe. I just wish you would see yourself the way I do." Prim assured as she smiled warmly and tucked a few wayward strands behind Katniss' ear. "We're not going to get anything done if we continue to talk like this," Katniss interrupted. She could feel a lump forming in her throat and soon the tears would be inevitable. "You're completely right," replied Prim raising herself up off the ground. "We'll just agree that you're incredible and you can't say anything because then I'll be angry at you." "But-," tried Katniss. "But nothing. We have to finish before mama comes here looking for the both of us and we really don't want that," Prim suggested. "Fine, do I look alright?" Katniss asked as she looked down at the simple green and blue saree her mother had set for her last evening. "Oh, what am I saying? What do I care how I look?" she huffed loudly and stood up from the bed. "You look beautiful," gushed Prim. Her honey colored tresses ran down her back making it look like liquid gold. She was the most beautiful of the Abernathy bunch. Prim had eyes like amethysts and a smile that would render any man weak at the knees. She was all delicate and poise. Much like their maji had been in her younger years. She was named Primrose for the beautiful flower that sweetly adorned their garden and filled it with a subtle aroma that always made Katniss smile. Of course Prim would never actually admit that she was the favorite, but they all knew it. "Ugh, I hate this," Katniss said as she ambled over to the vanity and removed the bindi from the mirror and placed it carefully between her eyebrows. "I know, but what else can we do?" Prim sympathized. "You could let help me get out of this dratted outfit and let me sneak out the window to meet up with babaji," Katniss suggested. Prim stared at Katniss humorlessly, "Ha ha, yeah I don't think so. Ma would kill us both and you know it." "Prim please. You could always say that I ran out and you couldn't stop me," Katniss begged. Prim folded her arms, "No dice, I can't help you and it's too late already. I can hear our sisters coming." Katniss heard footsteps rushing up the stairs. Of course Glimmer was the loudest with her giggles reaching screeching volumes. Octavia, thankfully, was a little more subdued. Katniss huffed loudly as she reached the door. "Katniss, beti, Suraj is here," her mother yelled from the bottom of the stairs. Katniss groaned as Prim gently patted her on the back. Katniss opened the door and came face to face with her giggly sisters. "Oh em gee Kat, I feel so bad for you. He's just…." Glimmer confessed in between fits of giggles and shakes of her head. Prim walked forward and put her hand up diplomatically, "Okay, alright that's enough. We really don't need her to be more nervous than she already is." Octavia looked at Katniss sympathetically and shrugged her shoulders. 'Sorry' she mouthed as she walked forward to fix the sari on her head while biting her lip to keep from laughing. "Tavia you really don't need to make things worse. We should leave before mama yells again." scolded Prim. The girls quickly ushered out of the room closing the door with a click. Glimmer twittered about with descriptions of the boy that was waiting for Katniss, "Kat he's soooo skinny and nerdy. I just feel so bad for you, but not really. He's there with his mum waiting and that lady looks like a dragon. It's almost as if she's breathing down his back. I just don't understand how maji could possibly entertain the idea of him and… well you. You're both so different it hurts. I cannot imagine you ever being rishta'd to him. It's just soooo not right." Katniss didn't know what she expected, but these tidbits of information were proving to be useful and she found herself devising a little plan despite Prim telling Glimmer to shut up. Katniss stopped in her tracks and shook her head. "Girls, I need you to trust me and go with whatever I say OK?" Katniss conspired despite Prim telling her that she was crazy, while Octavia and Glimmer looked bemused, "- just please go along and you can add anything you want and I'm only asking you to trust me. Please do this for me," she implored her sisters. Octavia and Glimmer giggled and readily agreed partly out of loyalty, but mostly because they were curious about her little plan. However, Prim gave her a sly smile and simply nodded slightly, agreeing to her shenanigan. Katniss sighed confidently and descended the stairs. When she got to the living room she saw her mother sitting on the couch smiling prettily. Mrs. Abernathy nervously smiled as she approached her daughter as she got up and half dragged her daughter towards her suitor to introduce them. She looked back at her other daughters and frowned at the giggliest of the bunch. Octavia and Glimmer covered their mouths daintily with their hands but their attempts at suppressing their laughter was a major failure. Prim on the other hand glided effortlessly with the poise of a queen in front of her younger sisters. Katniss smiled awkwardly and greeted her would be fiancé and his mother. The severe woman looked Katniss up and down, sizing her up. Katniss' nostrils flared and her eyes flashed dangerously at the prospect of being critiqued as though she were merchandise. Prim widened her eyes cautiously at her when Katniss looked over her shoulder. Katniss took in a deep breath and turned back to the critical woman. She put her hands together, "Namaste, ma'am," she greeted as she bowed and reluctantly tried to touch her feet at the behest of her mother. "I am Mrs. Gupta to you, girl," ordered the severe looking woman who sat down slowly as she once again looked at Katniss critically. Mrs. Abernathy smiled hesitantly and pulled Katniss back and sat her down across from the visitors. Katniss glared at her mother and plopped awkwardly onto the sofa. She was shaking so much that she had to hide her fists beneath her dupatta so as to keep from punching the woman in front of her. Mrs. Abernathy gingerly looked over at her daughter and gave back a small tight smile to the visitors. "Mrs. Gupta, this is my daughter Katniss and behind her are her sisters Primrose, Glimmer, and Octavia. Unfortunately my other daughter Finch is currently studying, but I'm sure she will be here next time." The other woman merely nodded as her eyes scanned over each girl as Mrs. Abernathy pointed them out. The boy who was Katniss' husband-to-be simply sat quietly next to his mother as he shyly looked at Prim. His eyes had not left her face since she flowed softly into the room. He gave a polite and quick smile over to Katniss when she was introduced, but soon turned back to Prim, ignoring the rest. His mouth was slightly open, mesmerized at the vision before him. Prim simply gave him a sweet polite grin and looked down at the floor in a futile effort to make herself invisible. "This is my only son, Suraj Gupta. I am very interested in seeing him settled with someone respectable who would take care of him as I have done up until now," Mrs. Gupta declared curtly. She looked over at her son and compelled him