Hello my lovely readers. It's yours truly. At the behest of peetabreadgirl I got around to writing a prompt. I would like to thank norbertsmom for being such an amazing beta and for doing it on such short notice. I would also like to thank mega-aulover and thegirlfromoverthepond for being so incredibly supportive. Thanks to all my ladies. You guys are the real MVP. I hope you all like this short little drabble. Without further ado here's my story Rated: M (sexual innuendo, and strong language) Disclaimer: None of the character belong to me. They are all from the amazing mind of Suzanne Collins *Bows before the woman that created Peeta* Katniss Everdeen still couldn't believe her luck. When She had arrived at work yesterday morning she never guessed she was going to be interviewing the most successful CEO in Panem. Peeta Mellark was a ruthless and shrewd, albeit handsome businessman. He had taken over the Mellark empire from his father after the kindly Mr. Mellark passed away at 52. Being so young, handsome, and rich made him the most sought after bachelor in all of Panem. However, he refused to be in a relationship because he considered it a distraction from his goals, or at least that's what it said in an old magazine article that she had read while she ate her breakfast. There was a picture in the article of the Mellark men sitting proudly side by side. Mr. Mellark's eyes shone with impish mirth. His mouth curved into a soft smile. His green suit made him look so dignified and dashing for a man in his fifties. He had been quite a charitable man before his illness and subsequent death. Peeta on the contrary, sat straight and proud. His cerulean eyes looked frosty and severe. His hands were clasped in front of him as he sat there looking like a Grecian sculpture in his white suit. Katniss didn't know what to think. How could two men who were so closely related seem so different? She guessed she would find out later. Katniss shook her head and straightened her dress. Honestly she felt rather uncomfortable in the orange garb, but her friend Johanna assured her that she looked great despite Katniss not being used to the short length. She had run home elated, and excited to tell someone her news and despite having already called her mother and sister Prim, no one answered much to her disappointment. Katniss had to tell someone or she would burst. The minute she walked in the house she hollered for Johanna, "Where are you, Jo?" "I'm in the bathroom. There's no need to yell brainless." Johanna popped out of the small bathroom wearing only a towel. She leaned against the doorframe and looked questioningly at Katniss. "Oh my god, Johanna you will never guess!" Katniss exclaimed excitedly as she dropped her bag on the floor and quickly shut the door. Johana raised her eyebrows. "You're right I won't, because I don't feel like guessing. Just tell me already," she urged impatiently. Katniss rolled her eyes. She was used to Johanna's bluntness and dry humor. She walked over and began to explain her reason for the excitement. Both girls squealed as they jumped excitedly in circles while holding hands. Johanna immediately launched into how Katniss needed a new Katniss, being ever the sensible one refused to buy anything. Especially if she was planning on wearing it for just one day. Johanna huffed in exasperation. "God, Katniss you're impossible. Why can't you just spoil yourself a little? You should be out there getting an outfit. At least as a gift to yourself for all your accomplishments." Katniss sighed and went to the kitchen to prepare a sandwich to assuage her hunger. "I don't need to buy a dress. I have enough clothes as it is." Johanna shook her head. "Yeah, but they're hardly appropriate for this occasion." Katniss frowned, puzzled. "What do you mean? What's wrong with my clothes?" Johanna looked at Katniss' sensible grey pantsuit, and ponytail. "You're kidding me right?" Katniss shook her head, still clearly mystified. "No offense Kat, but you look like my 45 year old aunt, and between you and me your clothes all look like they belong in a museum." Katniss' eyes widened. "I do not, and my clothes are fine!" Johanna sucked her lips and dragged Katniss to her bedroom closet. She opened it and took out a ling short sleeve floral dress, a purple cardigan, and yet another pantsuit. Except this time it was maroon. She looked at Katniss as if trying to make a point. "What?" Katniss asked, looking bewildered. "Are you serious? Kat, you may be my friend but sometimes you make me want to tear my fucking hair out." Johanna exasperated. "Katniss, these are all your favorite outfits, and honestly they look like they belong to a much older broad." "They do not!" Katniss muttered dejectedly as she grabbed the flowered dress, her favorite, and placed it against her body as she looked into the mirror. Johanna sighed and looked at her sadly. "I don't want to make you feel bad. I just want you to make the best impression. You're already very pretty, we just have to show it off. You have such beautiful eyes. A bit of mascara and eyeliner wouldn't hurt." Katniss looked around at her closet. She had to give Jo credit, she had a point. "All right," she said as her friend squealed with excitement. "But, on one condition. I'll borrow one of your dresses. I don't want to buy anything. Just please make sure it's not too crazy or revealing." Johanna quickly accepted and took out a variety of dresses . Most of them were either too flashy or low cut for Katniss, until she came upon a soft orange dress with a small bow at the waist. Johanna proceeded to turn Katniss into her Pygmalion. As the night wore on the girls decided to get ready for bed. Katniss was putting on her pyjamas when Johanna came into their room. A sly smirk on her face. "What?" Jo simply shrugged as she placed her cellphone on the nightstand. "Nothing, I was just thinking how you are going to look so incredibly fuckable tomorrow." "Johanna Mason!" Katniss sputtered, eyes wide, mouth gaping like a fish. "What? I'm only saying the truth! The guys in your office won't be able to keep their eyes off of you," Jo said in between giggles. "Well I'm not planning on making any conquests. I just want to make a good impression." Katniss got into bed and huffed as she covered herself. "Honestly Kat, wouldn't you like to turn some heads for once in your life?" Katniss supposed she did. Especially after the disastrous relationship she had with Cato. It had been such a long time since she felt even remotely sexy or wanted. "See? You'll be killing two birds with one stone. You'll feel sexy and you'll be able to make quite an impression." "I'm tired, please turn off the light." Katnissreplied curtly. Johanna flicked off the switch and climbed into bed. "I can't believe you're going to meet Peeta Mellark. Sex on legs." She said as she contemplated the ceiling. Katniss raised herself on her elbow and looked at her friends moonlit silhouette. "Johanna!" "What? I mean, I know I'm a lesbian, but that doesn't mean I can't appreciate a good hunk-a-saurus rex. That man has the ability to turn a lesbian straight. He's fine as hell. Don't tell me you haven't noticed, because if not, I'm gonna have to take you to an eye doctor." She asked earnestly. Her pert little nose raising up a slight notch giving her an air of superiority. Katniss rolled her eyes. "Yeah, well I highly doubt he would notice me. I'm hardly his type." "How would you know that?" Jo challenged. "Please Jo, men like that love classy sophisticated ladies with large fortunes. They don't ever notice peasants like us." Katniss retorted. She was convinced that Peeta Mellark or anyone like him would hardly find her interesting. She was not the girl that got noticed and when she was it usually ended in disaster. Yep, there was absolutely not way she was going to ever catch the eye of anyone. Especially someone like Peeta Mellark. "Yeah, we may be peasants, but at least we each have a personality. I'd rather be poor and free than rich and cold." Jo admonished. Katniss lay back down and stared at the ceiling. "By the way, do you think he would be good in bed?" Johanna asked nonchalantly. "I don't really know Jo," Katniss replied with a yawn. "I think he would be amazing in bed. A guy with hands like his can't possibly be bad in bed." Johanna replied. Katniss looked at her friend in awe. "Where are you getting all of this?" Johanna shrugged. "I don't know, maybe educated guess?" Katniss sighed. "I mean, he's incredibly hot and rich. Girls must be fawning all over him at all times. He may not be in a relationship, but that doesn't mean he's not sleeping around," Johanna slyly suggested. "Jo, just go to sleep and stop thinking about the elusive Mr. Mellark. I'll let you know what he's like when I come back from my interview." "Yes, mom. Goodnight!" Johanna turned over to look at the window and soon fell asleep. If Katniss was being honest with herself, she hadn't wanted her friend to know that she was scared of what tomorrow might bring, and thinking of Peeta Mellark was not helping matters. She didn't need to fill her heart with hope when there should be none to be had. The next day Johanna had woken Katniss up at the crack of dawn, despite the fact that she loved to sleep in late on most days. She excitedly set on to making Katniss look as sexy as she possibly could. When Katniss looked in the mirror she could not recognize the woman looking back. She rushed out of the house as Johanna fussed over her hair and worried about the weather. "Oh I hope it doesn't rain." Katniss turned back to look at her friend. "Jo are you sure this is okay? Because I'm not so sure," she said as she looked down at herself. "Maybe this is too much." Johanna hugged her sweet and insecure friend. "Nonsense, you look amazing. Now go knock em' dead." She gave a quick smack to Katniss' ass and sent her on her way. Katniss stood in the street, looking up at the skyscraper before her as she shielded her eyes from the sun. Johanna had been right, her male co workers were exceptionally polite and helpful, offering to carry her binder and holding doors. Gale, her long time crush had even complimented her. She gathered some courage and walked inside the silver building. In the elevator she began to fidget, pulling her dress down. She had never felt so exposed before. It made her feel vulnerable and unsure of the choices she'd made today. Katniss took out a small mirror out of the golden purse her dear friend provided. She looked at herself. A woman with silky chestnut hair, supple skin, and striking eyes, the color of moonstones, looked back at her. She struggled to come to terms that the person looking at her in the mirror was herself. The elevator dinged open and Katniss walked out as gracefully as she could toward the reception desk. The damn shoes that Johanna had insisted that she wear pinched her toes. "Katniss Everdeen is here to see you, Mr. Mellark." Annie, his assistant said. "Who?" Peeta asked distractedly as he read a contract. "Katniss Everdeen, the reporter you were due to talk to today." Annie repeated as she raised her eyebrows to punctuate her earlier information. Peeta finally remembered. It was upon his mother's insistence that he do more interviews. She