A/N: Okay this is the first part of the epic One-shot I was using to get back into practice of writing. The beginning is a little, blah I think, but it picks up. Some of the characters do not behave as they do in canon, which is pretty much the norm for me when I write now that I think about it... Anyway, the second part will be out next weekend maybe. I also wrote this to help encourage people to write more for this pairing... And I thought the plotline was amusing, it just came to me, and I definitely haven't seen someone else do it, not with this pairing. Review if you like, Favorite if you really like, and follow if you can't wait to check for Part 2. There will only be 2 parts, so no worries on that. This was a one-shot after all, just got to long for me, had to break it up. Of Pumpkins and Glass Slippers Part 1 Once upon a time, in a time and land much different from our own, there lived a young girl named Isabella. Isabella had long mahogany colored hair, chocolate colored eyes and pale skin that belied the amount of time the young girl spent outdoors. As a daughter of a lesser lord in the kingdom, Isabella lived a simple, but more well off, life on her father's country estate. Their country estate was modest but plentiful, adequately sized for the small family and a handful of servants that worked the grounds. Isabella occasionally assisted the housekeeper, Sue and her two children with the small vegetable garden that was just outside of the kitchen. Isabella did not have many friends growing up on the estate. Sue and her children were her only friends, but they lived closer into town since Sue's husband was one of the local bakers. Despite this, Isabella was a happy, if somewhat quiet child, spending all morning in lessons with her mother in the library and her afternoons outdoors exploring the grounds. Lord Charles and Lady Renee did not spoil their child, but provided her with what she needed in order to grow into an intelligent young woman. However, tragedy soon struck the small family when Isabella was still a small child of barely six years. Lady Renee soon became ill and died, leaving Isabella in the care of Lord Charles, who had grown distant with the illness and death of his wife. The middle-aged man cared for Isabella as best as he could, with the assistance of the housekeeper. His trade business continued to grow however, and he soon realized that neither he nor his housekeeper could educate Isabella in the ways of a proper court lady. On one of his trips through the kingdom for his trade business, Lord Charles met the recently widowed wife of one of his fellow lords. Lord Aro was accused of treason against the King and Queen and executed, his lands seized, leaving his wife and two daughters homeless. Lady Sulpicia saw that Lord Charles was looking for a wife to take care of his household while he was away in other kingdoms for business as well as raising his small child. She made it known that she was the best candidate for the position, especially with her own two daughters close to Isabella's age. Lord Charles promptly arranged to marry the woman, hoping to provide Isabella with a mother she needed and sisters who could be her friends. At first, Isabella was ecstatic to have a new mother and two sisters to play with. However, as Lord Charles secluded himself more and more from his home and from memories of happier times with his beloved wife, Lady Sulpicia and her daughters' true nature began to show. The older daughter initially treated Isabella with indifference, but warmed up to her away from her mother and sister's influence. However, Lady Sulpicia and her younger daughter, who was a few months younger than Isabella, treated the young girl as a servant. When Lord Charles's business started to grow more demanding, he decided to leave the house and Isabella in the hands of his second wife, oblivious to the treatment his daughter had to endure under Sulpicia's care. He departed for a kingdom in the Far East, stating he would be gone for some years. After this day, Isabella's life was drastically changed under the rule of her stepmother. Bella groaned as a shaft of light filtered across her face, creeping into the confines of her dreams and pulling her awake. Turning away from the offending beam, she rolled over on her simple straw bed in front of the fireplace and blearily blinked her eyes open. She sighed as she saw the embers of the fire from the previous night were dimming, signaling that it was time to get up unless she wanted grief about the house being too cold. The beginning rays of dawn were peeking through the kitchen window as Bella pushed herself off her straw mat, removing the quilt she used as a covering at night. Stretching slightly, Bella opened the closet that served as her dressing room and quickly changed from her nightclothes into her day outfit. She slipped on a pair of shoes that sat by the kitchen door and walked out to the well and hauled in a bucket of water. Bella poured part of the water into the pot that sat over the embers and more into the larger pot that sat directly on the fire. What was left in the bucket, the young woman used to wash the soot and dirt from her face as best as she could. When she finished, the brunette went back to her closet and pulled the small handheld mirror that Sue had gotten her for her 18th birthday a few months ago. She still had soot and dirt smeared in some areas on her face, but Bella did not have time to try to wipe them off as she hastily ran her fingers through her hair and started making breakfast. Nearly ten years ago when her father, Lord Charles, retreated to the east to manage his growing business from abroad, her stepmother, Lady Sulpicia, seized all of her things and gave them to her own daughters. Bella's room was given to her oldest stepsister Rosalie, who accepted it reluctantly having come to like the younger girl, while the brunette's jewelry and clothes were given to her younger stepsister, Alice. Most of the treasures in the house, including her late mother's jewelry and possessions were locked away in her father's rooms and study, inaccessible to her stepmother. Sulpicia provided her stepdaughter garments befitting the station of a servant, forcing the girl to sleep in front of the fire, as a nicer room couldn't be spare for a "mere servant." Sulpicia and Alice took to calling her Cinderella due to the longhaired brunette being constantly covered in cinders and ashes from the fire. Bella just rolled her eyes at their pettiness, not letting their behavior get to her. The shrill ringing of a bell broke Bella out of her thoughts and she sighed when she heard it. "Time to feed the harpy," the brunette murmured to herself as she finished placing a pot of tea, croissants and fruit on a tray, complete with teacups and plates before heading upstairs. "Good morning Alice," Bella greeted the slim, pixie looking girl as she entered her room. "Hello Cinderella," Alice responded, her face crinkling when she saw her stepsister, "I would insist that you wear better clothes when you bring me food so I don't have to be exposed to such horrid clothing, but that would probably be too much to ask of you." "Yes Alice," Bella complied, resisting the urge to roll her eyes at Alice's shallowness. Alice was only a few months younger than Bella, and she was completely entranced with all things clothing related. Much of the money that the elder's father sent back every month went to feed Alice's shopping addiction. When they were younger, Alice forced Bella to play dress up with her, always dressing her in uncomfortable and sometimes, inappropriate clothing. It made her uncomfortable, but Bella couldn't say anything to make her stop. As Sulpicia started to regulate more of the household chores and duties to her stepdaughter, letting all of the staff go but Sue, Bella didn't have any time for Alice's whims. It's probably the only thing the young woman was grateful for her stepmother basically making her a servant. The brunette quickly left the room before the younger girl could cake makeup on her face, or test out a new color combination on her. Bella glanced towards the door next to Alice's room and decided to save it for last, choosing instead to head down the hallway towards her stepmother's room. She set one of the plates of food and teacups on the table in the hall and proceeded into Sulpicia's room. "Good morning Stepmother," Bella forced out, greeting the older woman still reclining in bed. "Come in Cinderella, quickly," Sulpicia responded, gesturing for the girl to poor her tea for her. "Yes Stepmother," Bella complied, setting her breakfast down on her bedside table and pouring the older woman her tea. Sulpicia reached out with one delicate hand to grab the offered tea while using her other hand to brush her thick dark blonde hair over her shoulder. "I've left a list of today's chores by the door Cinderella, please see that they're done." Bella nodded and moved towards the door, picking up the list as she went. "Oh and Cinderella," Sulpicia's voice stopped her just before she left the room, "Do try not to trip today, just makes more work for you dear." Bella really wanted to yell that if her idiotic youngest daughter would quit leaving her crap all over the house then she wouldn't be so prone to accidents, but she held it in, knowing it would do more harm than good. The brunette sighed and leaned against the wall next to the room, rubbing her face a few times to try and relieve the frustration welling up within her. "This can't be my entire life," Bella whispered sadly, staring at the long list of chores in my hand. Picking the last tray of food back up, Bella headed back up the hall towards what used to be her room. She nudged the door open and a small smile graced her face when Bella saw the occupant of the room: her other stepsister Rosalie. She was two years older than Bella with long blonde hair, deep blue eyes and womanly curves, extremely different from Alice who resembled a prepubescent boy on most days. While Rosalie never defended Bella against the actions of her mother and sister, she did everything that she could to make her life just a little bit easier. "Good morning Rosalie," Bella said with much more enthusiasm than when she walked in Alice or Sulpicia's rooms. "Hello Ella," Rosalie replied as she brushed her hair. "Rough start to the day?" She asked, her eyes meeting Bella's in the mirror. "You could say that," the brunette said, setting Rosalie's food on her nightstand and bringing the blonde her tea. The blonde woman gratefully accepted the tea and peered at her stepsister's face for a few moments. "Here," Rosalie said, lifting up a small piece of cloth, "You have soot smears on your face again." Bella took the cloth from Rosalie's hand and dipped it briefly in the washbasin placed in the room the night before. This has become part of their daily ritual. When Bella would bring her breakfast, Rosalie would give the other girl a washcloth so she could better wash her face and a brush to get the persistent tangles out of her hair. Bella cleaned and straightened herself up the best as she could while Rosalie ate her breakfast, neither of