A/N: I... I have no explanation for this actually. I was playing an RPG game and then I was like huh... This is extremely AU, read at your own peril I guess. Lots of adventure and ridiculousness in this story with a side part of romance going on with a lovesick Tanya and oblivious Bella. Well, mostly oblivious. I won't be updating this regularly, idk when the next chapter will be out. Developing a world takes a lot of thought process. I have an endgame though, which is what I'm working towards. Posted: April 22nd, 2016 Chapter 1 "Bella!" An energetic young man yelled as he barged through the entryway, the door banging open and slamming on the wall. A brunette young woman slammed her head on the shelf above her in shock as she jumped from her position under the counter. "Jake," the girl groaned as she rubbed her head, emerging from behind the counter. "Don't scare me like that, what do you want?" "Sorry Bells," he replied sheepishly. "My dad sent me over here as soon as you were open to get his potions, and to bring you your regular order of bread." He placed a bag of rolls on the counter, shooting the girl a boyish grin. The brunette wasn't paying attention to him though as she continued to fiddle with the stuff under her counter. "Bella?" He questioned again, drawing her attention. "Oh, Jake, right, thanks for the rolls, I'll get your Dad's medicine," she said, shuffling to the back of the store to pick up the box of vials on her worktable. She took them back out to the boy and handed him the box, "Here are the potions, these should last about a month, make sure he takes one every day with a meal, no skipping, and to watch what he eats. I know you guys are bakers, but bread all the time is not an acceptable diet." "I'll let him know, but you have to deal with the fallout," Jacob chuckled, hefting the box over one of his shoulders. He lingered in the store and Bella watched him for a minute, puzzling over the weird expression on his face. When he didn't say anything else, Bella shifted her attention back to restocking the shelves in her store in time to open for the day. "So uh, Bella," Jacob started hesitantly, "I've been thinking, I mean we've known each other a while, it's been a few years since you moved to town and opened your shop, and well, I've been uh, wondering if you would agree to maybe seeing me more… formally? Maybe courting, I feel like we've been courting, I mean, I come see you every week, we talk about things, it feels like we've been courting…" The young man was stuttering poorly by the time he reached the end of his statement, his nerves getting the best of him. He waited for a few minutes for the woman to say anything to his statement, his nerves increasing every minute. When she didn't respond, he tapped lightly on the shoulder, "Huh, Bella?" "Huh, oh, you're still here, did you say something?" Bella called back to him, "I wasn't listening, I was testing these sound blockers." She pointed to the sponge like items in her ears, "They pretty much deafen all sound, I was considering stocking them full time for adventurers hunting banshees or sirens." The brunette happily rambled on about the little sponges, describing where she saw them and how she made them, not noticing the downtrodden look on the young man's face. She definitely didn't notice when he sullenly exited the shop and made his way back to his father's mill, the door slamming shut behind him. "And the Banshee was taunting the witch, shrieking at her, being rather irritating, and then I saw the witch stick a piece of moss in each ear before blasting the Banshee, and that is where I got this idea," Bella finished with a flourish before noticing that she was alone in the shop. "Oh," the brunette blinked, "Oh, he must've had to go back to his father and didn't want to bother me, sure hope Billy remembers to take his medicine this time…" Bella moved around her store, making sure everything was tidy before officially opening for the day. Once everything was secure and the proper, discreet monitoring charms were in place, Bella stepped over to the windows and pulled back the curtains, signaling that she was open for business. A few minutes later, a few of the other villagers and shop owners wandered in, picking up supplies and medicines that they needed. Bella spent a few hours until the midday lull brewing healing potions, crushing herbs and selling basic goods. Once she had some calm in her store, Bella checked on the potion simmering in the cauldron over the fire. She had learned the art of potion making from her father as a child, and after he died when she was a youngling, she carried on her studies to honor him. The skill helped her through the years, especially when she moved to Riverforge and found they lacked a basic potion mistress for health and mana potions. While she made a living brewing health potions, Bella's true passion was with potion crafting, mixing it with enchanting and forging that she learned from her mother. The potion currently simmering in the cauldron was experimental and required constant supervision. She was attempting to enchant daggers, hoping to be able to sell them to Rogues or Warriors, and was creating a potion to soak the daggers. She was attempting to imbue weapons with the powers of the elements by soaking them in a potion. "Harnessing the elements is proving to be difficult," Bella sighed as she wrote down in her notes. "Luckily I started with water, don't even want to know what would've happened if I started with fire or wind, something like that." Bella sighed and shuffled back out to the store, taking potions and other supplies out to restock her depleted items. She was restocking her water purification potion when her shop door banged open, cracking loudly against the wall. A young man with gleaming silver armor and a large sword strapped to his back sauntered through the door. "Bella," the young man started before noticing that the girl in question was nowhere to be seen. "Bella?" He looked around in confusion, trying to locate the beautiful shopkeeper. "I'm going to have to replace this door if people keeping banging it against the wall," Bella's voice came from behind him and he turned to see her examining the door and what looking like a dent in the wall. "Or maybe I should replace the wall since it keeps running into the door?" She rubbed her hand on the wall where the dent was located, "Maybe some kind of door stopper maybe, slow it down from banging on the wall, or maybe get rid of the door, doors are boring, I wonder if I could just wall off the whole entrance… Oh then how would people get in? Hmm…" "Bella?" Hearing her name, the brunette turned around and spotted the young man in her store. "Oh, Edward, did you see who banged open my door? Poor door… never mind what can I get you? I'm running low on armor shine if you need some more, though I'm not sure how you managed to use a whole bottle up every two days, you must spend a lot of time rubbing it out." At that point, Bella had returned her attention to stocking the shelves, so didn't see Edward choking on air behind her. He got control of himself and followed after her, his eyes tracking her form closely, taking in the curve of her waist and hips, much more fuller than the stick like figures of the maids at his estate. "I came to collect some cut ointments, salves and enchanted bandages from you. Some of the squires and younger knights got hurt in training this morning, and the potion mistress at the manor ran out." He leaned against the counter and smiled at the young shopkeeper, the crooked grin on his face that made many maids on his father's estate blush and swoon. The brunette stared at the knight, wondering what he was waiting for as he leaned against the counter. "Well?" She prompted, motioning with her hands, "Are you going to get what you need?" "What? Oh yes," the young knight pushed away and grabbed a few of the vials and bandages that he needed, maintaining his charming smile the whole time, directing it at the girl. He placed the items on the counter, leaning on his elbow again as he watched her work. Bella briefly glanced at his face as he was adding up his total and grabbed another vial. "Here, take this," she said once he paid his total. "On the house, and it should help with your… problem." "Problem?" "You know, problem," the brunette lowered her voice. "The call of nature, the natural flow of things…" At the still perplexed look on the knight's face, Bella sighed. "Constipated, you look constipated, your face seemed like it was twisted in pain, and I'm assuming this is why you really came. I won't say anything." Edward grabbed his sack and hurried out of the store, his face beet read and his mind shuffling between being humiliated and more intrigued by the brunette. She was the only one so far resistant to his charms, and that endeared her to him. The only downside was that she was a simple shopkeeper. "Must be something in the water," Bella murmured as she watched the knight rush out of her shop. "Some kind of staring bug, or maybe they're all constipated." She nodded her head, deciding that was the problem. "I'll have to remember to boil some water tonight." Bella returned to her potion, watching it carefully and recording notes through it process as the color changed, testing different stages on old metal spoons she had lying around. The majority of the spoons turned to liquid when she dumped the potion on them, except for the last one, which crystallized on the table. "I'm getting closer," Bella cackled, noting that the crystallization occurred after the potion had shifted from an aquamarine color to more of a medium blue. "The color must be key, if I can find a way to get it to go to a deep, dark blue, and maybe a little thicker, the spoon will become enchanted with the element of water rather than turning into a liquid," the brunette murmured, tapping her quill feather on her chin. Bella grabbed a few leaves and berries of an indigo plant and bottled siren blood, pouring both into the cauldron. She stirred the potion and let it simmer, returning to the front of the store when she heard more customers enter. She checked her potion periodically in between townspeople coming in to purchase goods and food. The blacksmith's apprentice, Heidi, accidentally burned her hand and Bella needed to make fresh burn salve and ointment in order to treat it properly. She was just getting ready to close up shop for the day when the door opened again, this time with a thud rather than a bang. The sound of heavy footfalls of boot clad shoes stomped around her shelves, and she stepped out of her backroom, watching curiously as a strawberry blonde woman moved around hastily, grabbing various bottles and supplies. The woman was wearing tight clothing with a small amount of armor covering her frame. Her tunic was a dark green with sleeves ending at her elbows, the bottom tucked into a dark brown pair of breeches. Knee-high leather boots caked with dirt and dust encased the bottom half of her legs and feet. She wore silver wrist guards, shoulder pads, and knee guards along with a