A/N: I was bullied into this... Completely bullied into writing a Twilight story... Story Summary: Forced to leave her daughter when first changed, Rosalie goes back for Isabella, only to be told she is dead. What if little Bella was found and raised by a human drinking vampire? What changes will this bring in the lives of the Cullens, and, more importantly, the Denali sisters? Pairings: BellaxTanya, obviously. Others will be announced as characters are introduced Dedicated to Mana Tatsumiya, the helpful bully Review if you like the story so far. The Wild Ones Chapter 1 New York-1931 "Congratulations Miss Hale, it's a girl!" The midwife said, placing a squirming baby wrapped in a pink blanket in the young teenager's arms. 16-year-old Rosalie Hale looked down at her beautiful pink baby and smiled. "A daughter," she murmured, brushing her finger on her baby's soft cheek, "She's perfect…" "She's too small, it'll be lucky if she lives through the night," a voice from the doorway came. Rosalie looked up and saw her mother in the doorway. "Mother how could you say such a thing, of course she'll live." Mrs. Hale rolled her eyes, "I still can't believe you want to keep it, you're only 16! It's a good thing your father and I were able to keep this hushed up or else our social standing would've taken a hit for having a pregnant, unwed child." She would've continued but the baby started crying. "Well, if you're going to keep her, she needs fed, I think I can find a nursemaid for her," Rosalie's mother said. "No mother," Rosalie replied, "I'm going to feed her and take care of her myself. There's no need to involve anyone else." "Fine by me then," was the only response the older woman gave before leaving her daughter's room. Rosalie watched her mother's retreating figure before looking back down at the beautiful baby in her arms. Her daughter opened her eyes and the most beautiful pair of deep blue eyes that she had ever seen greeted Rosalie. "I'll take care of you," Rosalie whispered to her daughter, "I'll always take care of you, my beautiful child, my beautiful Isabella…" 2 years later- 1933 Bella: Age 2 "So does Royce know about Isabella? I mean, you've arranged for us to marry so he must know I have a child right?" Rosalie asked her mother. "No he doesn't know yet, we figured we'd break it to him closer to the wedding date, ease him into the idea," her mother replied, "Are you still going to see Vera tonight?" Rosalie rolled her eyes as her mother change the subject, "Yes, will you be alright looking after Isabella?" "Of course dear, now go on or you'll be late," Mrs. Hale shooed her daughter. "I'm going, I'm going, just needed to say goodbye to Isabella," Rosalie replied, heading up the stairs to her room. Next to her bed was a crib set up with a sleeping toddler in it. Every month since the young girl had entered her life, Rosalie was happier than ever. She had always wanted to be a mother, and her little girl was the light of her life. "Isabella," she whispered, brushing the brown curls on the two-year-old's head. The girl stirred and cried "Mama," when she saw her mother standing over her crib. "Shush, go back to sleep baby, I'm going to visit a friend of mine, I'll be back later," Rosalie said despite knowing that her daughter didn't fully understand what she was saying. The blond cooed her brunette child back to sleep and kissed her head. "I'm going Mother," she said when she walked back downstairs, "I'll be back later." Later that night "It's done? Alright Royce… Yes, you'll be compensated, you won't get in trouble, alright, goodbye," Mrs. Hale said, hanging up the phone. "It is done?" Her husband asked, walking into the room. "It is, he said she was exactly where we said she would be." Mr. Hale nodded, "So our disgrace of a daughter is gone, now what to we do with little Isabella up there?" "I say we get rid of her. I mean, she can't exactly pass as our child with her dark hair, and people know that I haven't been pregnant in the past two years. And besides, she's nothing but a little bastard child. I'm still young enough to get pregnant again, we can start over with a different child," Mrs. Hale replied. Mr. Hale felt a little unsettled at the thought of abandoning a child, but understood that it would hurt the reputation of his family if people found out his daughter given birth to a child. It cost a lot of money to keep the midwife quiet… "I agree, where shall we take her to get rid of her, I mean, I don't want the guilt of killing a child on my conscious." "We'll drive her out to the edge of the city and dump her in between the city and the forest, get your car," Mrs. Hale ordered. She went upstairs and collected the sleeping child from the crib. In a momentary act of compassion, she wrapped Isabella in the blanket Rosalie had embroidered for her and picked up the stuffed bear that she slept with. Mrs. Hale placed on a large overcoat to cover the form of the small child in her arms and quickly rushed to her husband's car. "Drive," she hissed to him, "before she wakes up." The two older adults drove to the edge of the city, stopping before entering a vast forest. Mrs. Hale got out and placed the girl on the ground, hidden behind a few bushes, out of sight of anyone who might see her. She placed the bear on the ground within reach of the little girl and hurried back to the car, not sparing a glance back at her young granddaughter. The sound of the car speeding away was enough to wake the young girl. Isabella sleepily looked around and realized that she wasn't in her crib anymore, but a dark place. She clutched her bear to her and looked around for her mother. When her blue eyes failed to find the blond hair of her mother, she started to cry out for her. She cried for a while, before a rustle in the leaves scared her. Isabella started whimpering, clutching both her bear and baby blanket to her. Suddenly a tall, red headed woman stepped into view, and she stared at the small child curled up under the bush shaking. The woman moved cautiously toward the girl, trying not to scare her and spoke quietly to her. "Shssh, it's alright little one, it's okay, I'm not going to hurt you," she spoke carefully. The young girl stopped shaking and just stared at the woman. She spoke to her like her mother, so Isabella quieted down and reached out towards her. The woman picked up the small toddler, with her blanket and bear in tow. "Hello little one," she whispered, a slight accent to her voice, "My name is Victoria, can you tell me your name?" "Izabwella," she replied. "Isabella?" Victoria interpreted. The toddler nodded her head. "Where is your mother?" Isabella shrugged. "Father?" The child shook her head. "Who brought you out here?" "Gwamma, and Gwampa." "Where did they go?" "They weft," Isabella whimpered. Victoria started to see red, that anyone would abandon a child out in the wilderness. She would've started growling if the young girl hadn't reached out and placed one of her hands on Victoria's face. Victoria instantly calmed down and started purring, comforting the child. She had heard of bonds instantly forming between vampires or even a vampire and a human, but didn't realize that it would happen this quickly. A bond forming between them could only cause the intense feelings of protectiveness and care that the young girl invoked within her. "Isabella," Victoria said, causing the young girl to look at her, "I'm going to try to find where you come from, where your mother is. I run really fast, so I need you to press your face against my chest." She could tell that Isabella didn't really understand, so she just maneuvered her in her arms so that she was protected from the wind. Victoria followed the very faint scent back to a fancy house in the higher end of town. Inside the house, she could hear a woman talking on a phone to someone named Royce, arranging a payment for him killing her daughter. The redhead growled slightly, realizing what had happened. The two people in the house, Isabella's grand parents, were so concerned about their social statuses that they hired their daughter's fiancé to kill her so people wouldn't find out that she had a baby. She flashed up to a window on the second floor that had Isabella's scent coming out of it. Victoria took a deep breath and caught a different scent; one close to the child's but a little different. Her mother , Victoria thought, children tend to smell like their parents. Little Isabella had fallen asleep on her chest so Victoria didn't have to worry about her seeing something she really shouldn't. The vampire followed the scent to where it ended in an alleyway. Victoria hissed at the scent of other vampires in the same place, and the faint traces of blood on the ground. Victoria was never more grateful for her gift of evasion, which eliminated her scent after she left an area, in case the vampire came back. The child's mother was most likely found dying by a passing vampire and put out of her misery. Victoria now had a problem, what to do with the child currently cuddled on her chest? The bond that had formed between them, the one that tied her to this little girl, called to her to take care of the little girl, to be her… mother? That realization gave her a start; the bond between them was one of mother and child. Victoria moved to shelter and gently nudged the girl in her arms awake. Isabella stirred and opened her blue eyes, and stared up into the red eyes of the woman holding her. "I'm not sure what happened to your mother little one," Victoria said, "But I'm going to take care of you. I'm going to be your mother now, and I'll always be there for you." "Wewee?" Isabella asked, staring at the red haired woman with her large blue eyes. "Yes, my beautiful Bella, I'll take care of you," Victoria whispered, kissing the young girl's head, "Always." 3 days later Rosalie's eyes fluttered open to find 3 pairs of golden eyes staring at her. She jumped back away from them out of instinct, but realized she moved faster than normal. "What am I?" She whispered as she noticed each individual dust particle in the air, "Who are you people?" "My name is Carlisle?" One of the men spoke, "I found you in an alley way dying and I bit you, changing you into one of my kind, a vampire. This is my wife Esme, and my first changeling, Edward." "A vampire," Rosalie whispered, horrified, "How could you do this to me?" Carlisle looked confused, "But you were dying, I had to save you." "So you save everyone who's dying?" "Well, no, but I thought maybe you would make a good companion for Edward," he said, motioning towards the bronze haired, broody boy standing next to Esme. Before Edward could even speak, Rosalie shot the idea down, "I don't think so, broody boys aren't my type, why is my throat burning?" Carlisle blinked before realizing what she just said, "Ah, you need to feed, we only feed from animals so if you follow us, we can show you how to hunt." Rosalie followed them out of the house and found herself isolated in a forest. She smelled something mouth watering, but Edward grabbed