A/N: Hi guys! For everyone reading this story after finishing my previous story The Wild Ones, welcome back. For those new to my stories, greeting and salutations! I'm not sure how long this story will be, I only really have a premise not so much as a well thought out plan. That's usually how I roll though. This story takes place at the same time as the first book, that's where it starts. There are several major changes though, obviously. I'm not going to point out all the changes, since that might spoil the story, but you'll figure it out as it goes along. Does anyone else feel that Leah was dealt a particularly shitty hand in life, or that her character was severely lacking character in the books? It came across to me that the only reason Leah shifted was because the tribe had a vampire emergency and therefore needed more wolves. Basically the same reason why some of the younger ones were shifting. I found this reason to be unacceptable, as well as Leah's behavior. So, therefore, I have changed it, well duh. Summary: As the only female shapeshifter of the tribe, Leah is outcast from he wolf pack and La Push for her refusal to comply to the Alpha and Elders' demands. This action places Leah in the very center of mysterious instances happing in Forks and La Push. It appears as if a trickster is on the loose as items mysteriously disappear and reappear around the towns, and people start behaving out of character. This trickster causes particular troubles for the wolf pack and the strange Cullen family living in town. Leah finds herself not only at the center of a strange supernatural mind game, but also struggling with her feelings for an old friend... A friend who just happened to turn up in town just before everything started going crazy... The Trickster Posted: January 10, 2015 Chapter 1 "What do you mean you're breaking up with me?" Leah demanded, staring at her fiancé with a furious expression on her face. "I'm sorry Leah, but we can't be together anymore," Sam replied, a neutral expression on his face. He turned and started to walk away from her but Leah yelled after him. "Sam, I don't understand what's happening. First you disappear on me for days then when you reappear you run away from me again, now, you're breaking up with me. I don't understand, what did I do?" Leah cried, desperate to understand why he was leaving her. "You just aren't the one for me," Sam growled out. "You're not right for me, so just leave me alone." "How am I not right for you?" Leah demanded, "I can change, I become what you need." "No you can't," the man barked, "You aren't worthy, so give me back my ring and never talk to me again." Leah blinked back the tears in her eyes as she shakily slid her engagement ring off of her finger and held it out for Sam. He grabbed it out of her hand and stalked away from the young woman back into the forest. Leah stared after him in disbelief, grief crushing her soul. "Four years Sam!" She yelled into the darkness, "We've been together for four years and you just throw it away, just like that…" Her words broke at the end of her sentence as she collapsed on the ground behind her house. Her mother found her about an hour later. "Leah, what's wrong?" Sue asked, staring at her daughter in concern. "Sam, he left me," Leah gasped out, her voice raspy from crying. "He took back the ring he gave me and just left." "Oh darling," Sue said sadly, knowing this would happen at some point. "You'll be okay, maybe you just weren't right for him…" "What?" Leah cried, looking at her mother with wide eyes. "Me not right for him? How could you say that? Aren't you supposed to be MY mother, taking my side in this? I gave up going away for college because Sam wanted to stay in town. I turned down a scholarship and instead now I'm going to school in Port Angeles." "I know sweetie, but maybe you two weren't as compatible as you think." Leah snorted and stood up. "You really suck at this comforting thing you know," she bit out at the older woman before running into the house and locking herself in her room. A few hours later, Leah heard her mother calling her downstairs for dinner. Leah was going to ignore her, but she had been feeling slightly sick and feverish for the past few days, which left her feeling constantly hungry. She stalked downstairs and saw her father and brother sitting at the table while her mother was finishing placing the food down. Leah took her seat across from her brother Seth on her father's left while Sue set down the last bowl of food and took her place across from her husband Harry. "Leah, on my way home from school, my friends and I passed Sam's place and I saw Emily over there with Sam," Seth said, looking at his sister in confusion. "It looked like she was moving in, what's going on?" "What?" Leah yelled standing up. "He- He was cheating on me? With my own cousin…" "That's enough Leah," Harry said, staring firmly at his daughter. "Emily is a good match for Sam. She is worthy of him and will make a fine wife, bearing him many children for the tribe." Leah looked at her father like she had been slapped in the face, disgust and fury building within her. "Dad, I'm your daughter. Seth just said that Emily, my cousin, your niece, was moving in with my ex- fiancé, who just broke up with me today. Obviously he had been cheating on me with her and all you can say is that Emily is a good match for him? Shouldn't you be on my side?" "I'm sorry Leah, but Sam is important to the tribal council. If he has been cheating on you, then obviously Emily has something that you lack that he needed," Harry said, dismissively. Seth stared at his father in disbelief and Sue just looked away, pursing her lips. Leah saw the look on her mother's face and turned her ire from one parent to the other. "You knew!" Leah shrieked, spitting out accusations at both of her parents. "You both knew he was cheating on me with her and didn't say anything!" She pushed herself back away from the table with force that sent her chair clattering to the ground. "Some family…" Leah muttered as she fled the house, her rage directing her movements. She collapsed in a heap in the forest, tears pouring down her face as anguish and rage caused her body to shake. Leah lay on the forest floor for what seemed like hours. The sun had long since set, blanketing the world in cool darkness. The young woman shivered, not from the cold of night but from the ache in her body and heart. Slowly she became aware of her surroundings, consciousness creeping into her mind. Her mind had directed her to the woods outside of Sam's house. She stared at the house incomprehensively, not understanding why her own cousin would do this to her. A noise drew her attention and she got up, creeping closer to the house, keeping inside the tree line so that she wouldn't be seen. The thumping sound came from the back, from Sam's bedroom Leah realized. The noise escalated and was quickly followed by grunts and moaning. Rage filled her entire body as she quickly moved away from the house, vibrating in anger. "How long have they been fucking behind my back?" Leah seethed, teeth clenched. Red tinged her vision and pain flooded her body as her skin exploded. Leah opened her mouth to scream but a howl came out instead, shocking her. Crossing her eyes, Leah realized that where her nose was supposed to be was a long muzzle. She looked down and found paws where her feet should have been. A noise snapped her out of her thoughts, and she snapped her head up and saw Sam exiting his house, Emily close behind him. Sam only had a pair of shorts on while the traitorous tart was wrapped in a bed sheet. The same bed sheets that Leah had purchased for Sam for his last birthday. A growl sounded in Leah's throat as the thought crossed her mind, and memories of what she and Sam had done on those sheets raced across her vision. Sam returned the warning growl and exploded into a black wolf, only about a foot taller than her. "Paul, Jared?" A voice filtered into her mind and Leah bared her teeth realizing it was Sam's voice. She knew enough about the tribal legends to realize that the stores of the wolf protectors and cold ones were true, and that she had somehow been chosen as well. "Guess again dickhead," Leah growled, snapping her jaws at the other wolf. "Leah?" Sam bit out in surprise, the black wolf taking a step back. Foreign thoughts and memories filtered through Leah's mind, giving her glimpses of Sam's first shift, him being stuck in wolf form for over a month, seeing Emily for the first time, feeling a tug towards her, Sam pursuing her for the other few weeks he had disappeared on her, then the two of them getting together behind her back. Leah let out another growl at the memories, seeing how Emily tried to resist Sam's advances but quickly gave in. "I imprinted on her Leah," Sam said hastily as he tried to rein in his thoughts. "Neither of us could help it. The spirits chose her for me, we couldn't resist the pull to each other." "I don't care about the imprint bullshit whatever that is," Leah growled as Sam's thoughts turned again to what the tribal elders told him about imprinting, how it was the way for the wolf to find his mate, his other half. "Again, I don't care about that, I care about the fact that the two of you went behind my back. Why didn't you break up with me first? Or wait a while to be with her? Or, better yet, tell me the fucking truth?" "The tribal elders ordered me not to say a word, that it was a tribe secret. They told me that Jared and Paul were showing signs of turning so I thought you were one of them. Women aren't supposed to shift." "So my parents did know you were cheating on me, that's why they told me that I wasn't worth anything to you. Do the elders have some kind of control over you that you couldn't man up and tell me about all of this! Or at least give me something better than 'you're not good for me.' Did you ever think that maybe YOU aren't good for ME!" Leah stood up from the crouch she had sunk into and sat back, giving Sam her best sneer. The larger wolf growled at her, "Enough of this, Leah you will fall in line, I am the Alpha!" At Sam's roar, a tingle ran down Leah's spine, wrapping around her and trying to force her into submission. For a fraction of a second, Leah felt the urge to bow her head and submit in defeat, but her wolf fought against that idea. She barred her teeth and pushed back against the order. "I don't listen to you," Leah growled out, her eyes glowing a feral gold. "No body tells me what to do." At her words, something snapped in the space between Sam and Leah, forcing Sam to take a step back. Leah could no longer see his memories racing before her eyes, and only heard his thoughts when she reached out towards them. "Fuck