A/N: Okay, I said I would try to get something out by Valentine's day, it was a toss up on which story would be published. I have a Bella/Tanya AU I started, but I might keep that too myself, so I started another one that was supposed to be a one-shot just for fun but it's getting out of hand. I'll have to sort that one out for a while before I decide to post anything. Lots of story ideas, but limited desire to work, ya know? Anyway, this story is different than what I've tried before. There are two plot problems to follow, the first introduced in this chapter, the second introduced in the second chapter. The lines between good and evil will be murky at least, because both sides will do bad or at least morally questionable things. If you're not down with character death or rampant disregard for human life, please avoid this story. Summary: They say that imprinting is like a million lines converging, tethering the wolf to their mate. They don't say that its like a chain, binding the imprint to the wolf forever. Posted: February 13th, 2016 Chapter 1 "Bella, wake up!" Jacob yelled as he burst into the room, causing the brunette on the bed to sit up with a start. "Geez, Jake, don't you knock?" Bella groaned out, her heart hammering in her chest. She rubbed absentmindedly at her eyes, trying to get rid of the remnants of sleep. "What are you doing here anyway?" "Come on Bells, you graduated, you're less mopey, we can hangout now," he said, settling his large frame in the desk chair. "Why do I feel like this has less to do with hanging out and more to do with wolf business?" Bella spat out, glaring at him. Jake shrugged, "Why so suspicious Bells, sure the pack will be around, but they're not that bad." "They hate me Jake, don't even try to sugar coat it, they hate me for dating a vampire." "Can you really blame them Bells, I mean, you did knowingly date a leech," Jake replied dismissively. "Then you mourned him for months after he dumped you." The wolf-boy shrugged, "I know I can't blame them." Bella ignored the sharp stab in her heart at Jacob's words and stood up, grabbing some clothes out of her dresser before shuffling out to the bathroom. "Can you leave my room please, I need to get changed if you're dragging me down to the reservation today." After taking a short shower, Bella pulled on a pair of jeans and a t-shirt, and walked downstairs to see Jake eating everything in her fridge. "I made you some toast," he muffled around the chicken in his mouth. "How thoughtful of you," Bella replied, rolling her eyes. She grabbed the toast from her toaster and buttered it while Jake finished off the jar of pickles. "Ah, good breakfast, let's go Bells," he said, grabbing her before she could finish her toast. "Ouch, geez Jake, I'm not as sturdy as you," Bella said as she winced as she rubbed her shoulder where Jake grabbed her. They road to La Push in relative silence with Jake humming to the music on the radio, further emphasizing the fact that he was tone deaf. Bella winced as she felt bruises forming on her shoulder where Jake grabbed her. It wasn't the first time that Jake left bruises on her, usually when he grabbed her too harshly. She knew he didn't mean it, but he and the rest of the wolves didn't realize their own strength sometimes. "We're hanging out at Sam's today Bells," he said as they pulled up in front of Sam's house. "Embry, Quil and I are going to use his game system to play since he has the best TV. Sam, Jared and Paul are on patrol right now, but Emily's here, you can help her in the kitchen. Or you can watch us play video games, you know, whatever, just remember, don't stare at Emily too much." "I got it Jake," Bella rolled her eyes. So much for hanging out, why am I not surprised that he brought me down here to cook? She had only met Emily once, and it was after Jared freaked out on her and she found out about the pack. She only spent a few hours with the older wolves Sam and Jared, and had never met Paul, but she knew enough about them to know that they hated her. Bella followed Jake into the house and spotted Embry and Quil sitting on the floor in front of the TV, game controllers in hand. Jake joined them on the floor while Bella rolled her eyes and made her way into the kitchen. "Hi Emily," the brunette greeted the older girl, glancing at the ingredients splayed out on the counter. "Bella," Emily cried, "Jake said he was going to be brining you; can you help me out? We're having spaghetti and meatballs today, and I'm not sure how to make the meatballs and sauce. I hear you have a good recipe though." The brunette nodded and set about helping, internally sighing though that she was brought down to the reservation in order to cook for a pack of wolf shifters. "How many are going to be here anyway?" Bella asked a few hours later after making a mountain of food. "Oh, the whole pack now, Embry, Quil and Jake you know, of course Sam, Jared and Paul, they're out helping the newly phased wolves, Brady and Colin. They're pretty young, so Sam figured it would be best if the older wolves helped them. And then Leah will be over later of course, though Leah…" Emily trailed off and Bella just nodded her head. She heard about what happened between Leah, Sam and Emily, how Sam imprinted on Emily even though he was engaged to her cousin Leah. When Bella heard the story, she immediately told Jake that she was never dating him; she knew that he didn't imprint on her and didn't want to go through what Leah did. Every time Bella saw the older girl, she had a scowl on her face, and glared at everyone, using biting words when glares weren't enough. "Is it typical for everyone to come here for… lunch, dinner?" Bella asked, not knowing what time it was. "Not usually, but they've been having some kind of problem with a stray vampire popping up here and there, so Sam wants to have a meeting with the full pack. Well, maybe not Jared, he might be running patrols…" Emily's voice trailed off and she scrunched her face up, trying to think. "What do you mean stray vampire?" Bella asked, fear gripping her. "Some red-haired female leech," Quil answered when he walked into the kitchen, snatching a piece of bread off of the counter. "She manages to escape us each time we think we've caught her, but she keeps getting away." "A red-haired vampire… Victoria," Bella murmured, looking down at the ground. "That's rich," an unfamiliar voice spoke. "The leech lover knows this knew leech. She coming to, what, take you out for coffee?" Bella looked up and locked eyes with the sneering, angry man in front of her. As soon as their eyes connected, she could feel something settle around her neck and into her chest while the shifter in front of her froze before shaking violently. "You've got to be kidding me," he seethed. "You've got to be fucking kidding me!" "Paul," Sam snapped, having witnessed the whole scene. "Outside, now!" "What just happened…" Bella stuttered out, a growing weight settling on her chest. The people in the room stared at her and each other before Leah, who had just arrived, snorted. "Paul just imprinted on you Swan," she spat out. "Leah," Sam barked, walking back into the room. "That wasn't for you to tell her." "It's my job to tell her Leah," Paul said, walking into the room. "So butt out." Bella took a good look at Paul, particularly his expression. The anger from earlier seems to have disappeared but something about him still set her on edge. His eyes flashed over to her and she felt an immense pressure settle on her chest, making it difficult for her to breathe. "Bella can I speak to you outside?" Paul asked, his voice calm but his eyes hard. "I don't think that's a good idea," Jake interrupted, looking between Bella and Paul. "Leave them alone Jake," Sam stated, power rolling in his voice. "They have to discuss some things." Jake grumbled and Paul turned and walked out of the door. Bella hesitated but it felt as if an invisible tether tugged her out of the house behind the wolf shifter. They walked down to the beach until they were a fair distance from the house. Paul turned around and looked at the brunette, a sneer on his face. "Do you know what imprinting means Bella?" He asked, disgust present in his voice. Bella licked her lips, "Is that, is that what Sam and Emily have, and Jared and Kim?" "Kind of, except what they have is different, what this is, this is a mistake," Paul bit out, his eyes fierce. "Our legends say that the imprint is a gift to the wolf spirit warriors for their sacrifice to the wolf, to the tribe. The imprint is supposed to calm the wolf and the wolf is then supposed to be whatever the imprint wants." Paul sneered, a grimace on his face. "My wolf and I agree that you're disgusting, knowingly cavorting with a leech. I'm not touching a leech's used goods, besides, what's to say you could even satisfy me when you're used to a leech's cold frozen dick?" The tether around Bella's neck tightened and the weight on her chest increased. She took a step back, frightened by the look on Paul's face only to stop when a scalding hot hand tightly grasped her wrist. "Where do you think you're going little girl?" He hissed out, his hand tightening. "I-" Bella started, too afraid to sleep. "My wolf and I might think you're a piece of shit, but you are our piece of shit, you belong to us." Bella's heartbeat spiked at the menacing look on Paul's face. "I'm not going to hit you little girl, don't you worry about that, I'm not going to touch you actually," he said, releasing her arm. "You come around down here, I'm going to treat you exactly the way your precious leeches treated you, like a pet." He turned and walked back towards Sam's house before glancing back at the girl. "And not a word to the others, to them, everything is normal," he stated, heading back to the house. The tether lightened around her neck, allowing Bella to breathe and she dropped to the ground with a gasp. "What was that?" She murmured, rubbing her neck, trying to feel for the cord she felt. Her brow furrowed when she confirmed that there was nothing around her neck. She twisted her arm the wrong way and winced feeling her wrist throb. Pushing her sleeve up, Bella brushed her fingers against the reddened and swelling flesh. "That's definitely going to bruise." She stayed on the ground for a few minutes, thinking about what had just occurred, what had just happened. Standing shakily, Bella turned to look out at the ocean, wondering if her existence was worth continuing or if she should just walk into the sea. Jake came out to find her a few moments later. "You okay Bella?" He asked. "Paul came in by himself and told us it was a lot for you to take in." "I-" Bella started, but she felt the cord tighten around her neck the second she thought about telling Jake what really happened. "It's a lot," she reluctantly gasped out. "I… Can you take me home, I need