There wasn't much time, the doctors were rushed to save both the lives of the Mockingjay and her child. Though her heart beat was steady, the ever pressing dread that it would suddenly stop was upon everyone present in her operating room. She wasn't too bad off injury wise, but had taken quite a blow from the lightning. The electricity seemed to continuously course through her bruising veins. She took a fall to the head on top of that, making the damage to her brain limitless. Hours upon hours passed by with the only consistent thing in her operating room being the steady beep of her heart raging on fighting to keep her alive. Her skin was fresh and new, her heart stable, her baby healthy as can be. Her brain however, lay open being prodded by doctors trying to fix her. Trying to save her. She laid so still, so silent, so… dead. As good as gone quite frankly. But no, they refuse to give up and leave her in this state of pure serenity. Three teams surround her, one of nurses ready with towels and assorted surgery tools to hand off to the surgeons when needed. One of students observing the rare and intricate surgery. And then there were the doctors themselves. They believed themselves to be close to godliness saving so many lives but now at this moment they were battling the devil and were no more than mortal themselves. After a grueling sixteen hour surgery the head surgeon spoke up, "Call the president, tell him I'm on my way up" He took off his bloody gloves and ripped off his surgical gear. He tossed them in a waste bin in an almost rage like manner. "Right away doctor" An eager and purple clad nurse picked up the phone. Sixteen hours standing hunched over an operating table cutting delicately with precision and talent, yet he still took the stairs staying true to his favorite saying "I kill people daily might as well live a little." When he reached the helicopter pad, Snow was stepping out of the helicopter. "You're late" Snow joked. "Hello sir." He led Snow to the elevator where they were left alone. "And how is our VIP doing?" "Not well sir…" He hesitated to explain, "It seems that her brain was not in the best shape. I'm certain when she wakes… She will have no memory" "None at all?" "Yes sir" The elevator reached the ICU and the two walked towards her room. "I'd be surprised if she knew her name. But it will come back in time and with the help of a few triggers-" "Well then we will just have to keep her from any triggers now won't we?" The doctor hesitated "Yes sir" He opened the door to her room where she laid motionless, soundless. She looked untouched by the world and now she had an untouched mind to match, and that Snow thought was exactly what he needed. When Katniss woke up she was blinded by white, the most unforgiving kind of white. 'Where am I? How did I get here?' She asked herself subconsciously. She closed her eyes now feeling her head pulse with pain. Her voice wanted to escape her thoughts, and shout questions. 'Maybe if I lay still it'll come to me!' She thought, it was a good attempt but not a single image of her past presented itself to her mind. She was blank, the only image she could conjure was the bright room. Her eyes fluttered open once more and she now scanned the room. It was all white and frankly bland. There stood white chairs, a white dresser, paired with white walls and all sitting on white floors, and hell she was in a white bed with the white thin material that wasn't quite a dress covering her more than nothing at all would have. The sound of a sliding door caused her gaze to shift. "Kate!" A man smiled at her. He looked a tad bit off his rocker, crazy white hair that stuck out of his head at random. A full white beard, icy cold looking blue eyes with crinkled corners showing wear and oldness to his otherwise plump face. Yet his smile confused her, it was a forgiving smile or so she thought. "W-who?" She asked chopping her sentence short, afraid of rejection or worse feelings she could not return. Longing or sadness that she would not feel because she herself did not remember, but maybe he could tell her who she is. "Oh… Yes the doctors did warn me about this." He ran his hand along his beard but still smiled, "But you're awake!" He walked to her bedside. "Do you know your name?" She shook her head with her thoughts screaming, 'oh god what will he think?' "Where you are must have escaped you as well then" She nodded "Well your name is Katniss, but everyone calls you Kate. You're eighteen years old, and you're in a hospital right now… Do you remember anything?" She shook her head slightly but at least she now had a name, Kate. "Well, your last name is Everdeen, your mothers maiden name... and I am your father." This was what she was dreading her father sat right next to her and she didn't know him she didn't feel anything toward him. "You never knew your mother she left you with me after naming you. We are in a place called the Capitol, your home. Do you remember what happened to you?" She sighed and he knew she didn't, "You were married, part of it was my doing I guess. I'm the president of the Capitol by the way. I guess that is sort of an important detail... "Anyway he was a nice boy, but there was an accident, a really bad one," She nodded for him to go on, sad now knowing that she had such a life and didn't remember a thing. "He died quickly." The man or… Her father stood up and paced the room, "You weren't as bad off. They were even able to save your baby." "Excuse me?" She found her voice at his words. "Oh! God Kate I'm so sorry, I forgot to tell you… you're pregnant" 'Great,' she thought, 'How did I get myself into this?' "You barely found out. He didn't know yet. I'm sorry Kate" "Are we close?" She looked into his cold eyes. He laughed at her, "Yes I'd say so" A doctor entered the room and examined her. "Alright Miss. Everdeen you're free to leave tonight if you wish." She nodded not quite sure yet what exactly she was agreeing to. She was scarred of what lay before her, the road to recovery. She was afraid to regain her memory and anything else that might come with it. She was far from willing to learn more about herself. From what her father has said she hadn't had the easiest time here on earth, but then again she did lose all her memories, something had to be screwy right? A nurse helped change her into street clothes and placed her in a wheel chair. Her father walked right next to her taking the advice of the nurse. She saw assorted colored hair and uniforms as she made her way through the hospital. She shrugged it off assuming it was normal. Then it really hit her, all of it. She had no memory, she was just apparently widowed, AND she was carrying his baby. 'What was he like? Were we in love? How long were we married? How long did we know one another? What did he look like? Hell what do I look like?' These thoughts swam through her empty brain, she felt as though she just opened a book and started smack dab in the middle of it. "Come on Kate" Her father took her arm and led her to a car. He sat her in the back seat, gave instructions to the driver, and crawled into the car next to her. "Your room is ready for you at home." He started easing her back into reality. "Home?" "Yes of course. Since your husband is no longer with us I decided to have you move back in with me. Just until your memory comes back and you can get back on your feet." She nodded and looked out the window, she saw pale pastel colored building. They must be a normalcy because this place was full of them. She looked up and saw a pinking sky changing from the light blue of the day to the colors of the sunset. "It'll be alright Kate, just think about it. You and your baby have a fresh start" Her baby, at the sound of the words she sent her hands to her flat stomach. She had some one else in this world who was just as, if not more confused than she was. She really wasn't alone. They pulled up to a large house that didn't seem like it should be a 'house' it was more like a palace. "We're here" "Here?" She pointed to the large place. "Yes Kate welcome home" He got out of the car and helped her out as well. "It may be smaller than you remember but-… Sorry Kate I honestly don't mean to keep bringing that up." "It's alright" She responded, he led her through the enormous house and eventually after a flight of stairs and eighteen different turns that she knew she would never remember they reached her room. "Well this is it" He opened the door to a green room. Dark green smooth walls, wood floors that shined with polish. A fire glowed elegantly in the fire place on the left wall. This fire place held a certain essence she couldn't pin point but she chose natural as a good description. Straight in front of her was a large bed, the posts matched the floor, the blankets and pillows were assorted greens and laid ever so lifelessly on the clean bed. The plush bed looked like one could get lost and spend a day climbing from the foot to the headboard. On the left wall beside the fire place were two wooden doors that again matched the floor. Evenly spaced from the natural looking fire place and polished like the floors so they shimmered in the artificial light that attempted to give a appearance like the sun streaming through trees. On the right wall a matched dresser and chest sat next to a door with glass but was covered by green drapes that looked like a waterfall of green darkness. The dressers were oddly designed to appear antique though one could tell they were new. Each detail seemed to be made with a special heart in mind, someone who liked a natural world this room was made for a specific girl who loved forests, then why did Katniss have this room? Did she once love forests and dark greens that were so lovely you thought they were really water falls and really trees? There were lush green velvet chairs that seemed as though they had never been sat in. They looked empty and cold though the fire flickered a strange orange tint on to them. It seemed to Katniss nothing had ever been used. This room seemed unlived in as if she had never existed in this space, like her mind had been telling her. Her mind was uncertain if she had ever even been here before. She stepped into the room and gazed at all the two toned artifacts of a past life she did not know and was not sure she had ever known. The fire place and the chest were adorned with photos that she wanted to see closer. The shear neutrality of the room enticed her curiosity to make an expedition to the room. "Well I'll leave you then, I'll fetch you at