"So, Katniss," he smiled up at her, and all she wanted was for him to stop right where he stood. She didn't want anything else to be said, she wanted him to sit back down with her so she wouldn't have to open her mouth and tell him the truth. But he got down on one knee despite, her internal pleas, "Will you marry me?" It was hardly his own question, she knew this to be true - his smile was half faked. She also knew, he had always wanted her as his wife, but fate has a way of screwing people, and this was not how he had wanted it. She did not smile back, and her fake smile faded away as she lowered herself onto the balls of her feet. She sighed looking at the floor as she searched for good words to express her predicament. She didn't want to look up because she knew when she did, his sad eyes would be there staring into hers, and she didn't want to feel any more pain than she already did. When she finally looked up, just as she'd known, he was heart-broken. His face read plainly how broken his soul was - just how much she was shattering his heart, "I should have told you sooner..." she managed to choke out, "But I wanted you to be happy." She reached back to the sofa and held out the thick envelope containing the words she could never say. "I love you... I do, but this is how it has to be." She could feel the tears beginning to form in her eyes. "I'm so sorry." She stood up quickly and ran off the stage, passed the guards and President Snow, passed an unconscious Effie, and passed Haymitch, who tried to stand in her way. She ran to her room and latched the door behind her. Once the first tears had fallen she looked up and saw a few sheets of paper on the dresser with a pencil next to it - Writing had become her choice pick for communication. She began to write her last note, hopefully to make the blow of it all easier. Peeta stared blankly at the hefty envelope in his hand. She had rejected him... again. What was she thinking, doing that on live television? She could be killed, or worse... The envelope had his name written in a lovely cursive his name with a green ink pen. He felt the rigid paper - she had clearly spent a lot of time on it. "Peeta?" Caesar asked waking him from his trance. "Did something happen between the two of you?" Peeta shook his head taking a seat on the couch, "No. Not at all; we were doing wonderfully." Which wasn't a lie. The Victory Tour had been the best week of his life actually. He had laughed with, smiled with, and kissed the girl he loved. She had told him she loved him without a camera there to force her. What could have gone wrong then? He looked back down at the letter. "Well, Peeta," And he could hear the interviewer creeping back into his concerned friend voice. "Would you mind reading us the letter?" Caesar asked, "I feel as if I've grown up with the two of you and I'm sure the whole audience would like to hear what Katniss has to say." Peeta hated him for asking it. She was his love, not theirs; they knew nothing about her. They didn't know she liked it when he kissed her jaw instead of her lips, they didn't know that she always smelled like warm embers on a summer evening; they didn't know just how amazing she was - how happy she strived to make everyone else, even when it would cost her own happiness. How dare they claim that they had grown up with them? He had been the only one to see her grow up, to see her change from the happy little girl he fell in love with when she sang her father's song at school to the defiant girl who refused to let her little sister starve, and finally into the beautiful and brave woman that she was now - the one who he was eternally and irrevocably in love with. They didn't know her like he did, he fumed, then stopped himself... maybe he didn't know her at all, "How can I refuse?" He said simply, opening the envelope. Pulling out the papers, he forced a laugh, "Ten pages." The crowd chuckled with him, "She's always been very thorough." He gazed lovingly at the cursive handwriting. What had gone wrong? What did he do? What did she mean by doing all of this? "My dearest love, please know that I am truly and whole heartedly in love with you. And that I am only writing what I cannot say out loud, and that if I were able to, I'd say these things to you face to face. "If I were strong I would kiss you and hold you, whispering comfort as I break the news to you. However, I am not strong and I know if I were to tell you face to face, I would cry an endless stream of tears. And then you would try to soothe my inconsolable pain, even though you would need more help than I. "I know I would break and you do not deserve anything less than perfection. Therefore I do not deserve you. Peeta, I love you I do and I am not afraid to say so. But I don't think you quite realize how crossed our stars truly are. "You cannot change the cosmos, my love, and that is why our stars remain crossed. They always have been crossed. Crossed they will remain. That is the damned truth about stars, they enjoy screwing us over in ways we never knew we could be screwed. "Stars like showing us pictures of folklore, when in reality they have watched us do silly things for romance, and they know we will never reach our goals. Yet they still watch us. They watch us break in more ways than one and they laugh at our foolish ideas. They watch us make fools of our pityful selfs all in the name of love. "The stars played a sick twisted game with our hearts Peeta. They watched us fight and fight until we thought we'd won. But we have not won, and we have no hope at ever winning. "I am sorry that fate hates me, I'm sorry that reality is what it is. In your mind you had it all planned out after the games. We'd be married, have a few children and live happily ever after together. "But happily ever after doesn't happen to those who have spent their lives with one brand. I was branded, and I will forever be branded. You know, I was always content with the brand I was born with, I even learned to live with it. I was okay. "But you had to come along and screw it up. - In the best and worst way possible. You had to come along and make love something genuine, something tangible, something I could both see and touch. I could suddenly feel love when you were near and I could hear it in your voice when you laughed. "I could even taste it when you kissed me, when you showed me the reality of love and how it can be obtained. Part of me wants to hate you for it, part of me wants to slap you and scream curses for making me feel this way. "The other part of me, wants to embrace it. I want you to hold me forever, kiss me longer and make my skin feel new. That part of me wants a lifetime with you, it wants forever in your arms. "But sensibility knows better, and my sensibility kicked in on the victory tour. It kicked in and warned me. I can't bear to let you keep living on believing we can work it out together. The simple fact is, I can never work anything out. "I was dealt a hand of impossible cards to play. I have no choice. I hope you understand the sincerity of this letter. "Peeta, I love you more than you love the sun rise. I love you more than I love the forest, or the trees, or the Meadow. I love you more than I love the smell of the spring air. I love you more than the way you walk home from the bakery caked in flour. "I love you more than I could ever say, because I'm no good at speaking, but I am better at writing. "So I want to remind you one more time, that this is no ones fault at all. That our love was just meant to be a tragedy. Our love was nothing more than a ploy to make our lives miserable. No matter how sincere, our love was meant to die, just as the leaves in the autumn do. "My dear Peeta, You did not deserve this roller coaster I've put us on and for that I am sincere in my apology. "Peeta, When I was born, I didn't cry right off the bat. I coughed, for a long time. I sounded like I was being gagged. My parents and the midwife just assumed it was because I had been born a few weeks premature. That was not why though. "When I was a few months old, I developed a very high fever. The skin on the left side of my neck swelled and had a bluish red tint to it. I recovered in a long two months time from that ailment. "I was fifteen months old when my mother noticed a small lump on my collar-bone. Fairly close to my neck. She began to examine me as best she could without medical equipment. "She matched my symptoms up with a disease called non-Hodgkin Lymphoma, which is a type of cancer that has 'legs'. That basically means it can start pretty much anywhere and spread to any part of the body. "It was a shock to my mother and father, Twelve certainly doesn't have the ability to cure a child like me. There was literally no hope of a cure. "They didn't tell anyone. In fact to this day I don't believe anyone but the two of them and I knew. "I found out when I was four years old. The other seam kids and I would climb trees for the fun of it and one day I fell out of the tree. I completely shattered my left shoulder. At least that's what it felt like. "Mother and Father ran me home -which was a pretty incredible feat considering my mother was like eight months pregnant at the time- and laid me out on the couch. I was unconscious for six days. When I woke up my arm was stiff and bandaged heavily. "My arm felt heavy, and dense. It was so painful to the touch I would scream at night when I'd try to turn over. It was the same blue red color my neck had been during my first side effect of cancer. It wasn't healed for four months afterwards. "My parents tried not to scare me when they told me about the cancer. I honestly wasn't afraid or shocked. I was four, I didn't fully understand I guess. I actually forgot pretty frequently I was sick. "As a kid I never paid much attention to it. I got sick easily, I would have night sweats, I didn't ever eat a lot either. This was because my spleen was slowly swelling and pressing against my stomach. "When I was five, I was dressing and told my mother I had a lump on my right side. She diagnosed me with stage