Just quick heads up chapters change per point of view. Reasons... Soon to be revealed ;D also anything in italics is in French you'll see why soon pinky swear. Katniss' POV In the year 2002 I was twenty-four years old. This is when our story begins, it began in the early summer just after I had received my masters degree back in Montana. My home, the place that birthed me, and raised me well. I'd gotten my degree in Foreign Affairs and a minor in French. I was on a plane flying to Seattle Washington for my first real job. By real I mean not teaching kids to ride horses, or working at the local book shop. I'd left everything back home, too much was there. Too much to remind me just how much hell my childhood had been. My town was right in the wilderness, closed off, completely isolated from the real world. That town, and everyone in it had seen my life turn to shit. My best friend, Gale, was watching over my baby sister until I was stable enough to send for her to live with me. Though she was sixteen, I still didn't trust her alone. She was the last bit of me I had to reality. That's all I was willing to allow myself memories of. My home was far behind me, and now I could only focus on the future. My new job and the book I was reading on the plane, were my two main focuses. When the flight attendant announced we'd be landing I became fairly nervous. I'd never been anywhere but Montana, only once I went to Canada and that was by accident. I looked out at my new home, rainy and probably hot as hell. I wondered if I would truly learn to belong here, if some small town country girl would ever make it. Spoiler alert, I would make it. I'd gotten off the plane with hassle. Other people had connecting flights and barreled right on through. I stood around like a lost puppy for a second looking for baggage claim where my new coworker would be picking me up. I saw the sign for baggage claim and nearly bolted to it. My one huge suit case was one of the first out. After I grabbed it I turned and looked around for my new coworker. I didn't know much about him, just that his name was Finnick, and he knew my boss better than the back of his hand. I eventually took a seat by the baggage carousel. I took in my surroundings, and I waited for years. I looked over and saw a man standing by the baggage claim, on his cell phone, soaking wet. I wondered who on Gods green Earth would wear a suit and walk out in this weather. The man looked at me, squinted at my appearance, and went back to his call. I must look like an idiot. I wore my riding boots that day, they were the most comfortable thing in my whole damned closet, ripped jeans, and a checkered button down. I couldn't have resembled my country home town more perfectly if I had, had a farmers hat and a horse between my thighs. I suddenly felt terribly under-dressed as the man neared me. "Are you Katniss Everdeen?" The man asked in a low, almost intentionally arousing tone. "Yes." I responded coolly. "Finnick Odair." He held out his dripping hand to me, "I'm your new partner." "Pleasure." I said. "Sorry I'm late, and wet." He laughed. "Sorry I look like a cowgirl." I said. He laughed again. "Where are we from? Texas?" He guessed. "Montana." I sighed. "Ah, well let's get you to your apartment and fixed up for the party." He said picking up my luggage. "Party?" I asked both confused and frightened. "Yes, you'll meet everyone in the business. You'll meet the new interns, and the boss." He said leading me to the car outside. We drove to my new apartment in the downtown area close to my new work place. I won't lie it was one sketchy ass part of town, but I wasn't afraid. A home was a home, I was looking for convenience not luxury. "I'll meet you back here in two hours, from there we'll go to the dinner." "Thanks Finnick." I waved as he drove off. I walked into the building and took no time at all to get my key. Apartment number twelve, my new home. I stood outside with the rain pounding my umbrella as I fit the key into the door. The rusty wire balcony sounded like it would cave in at any moment. (Two of the stairs down to the ground were missing and I had been certain I'd die just to get to my apartment.) I got the stubborn door open and into my new home I went. Lord Jesus, I'm glad there was no carpet or else the place would have been absolutely revolting. A sickly yellow painted the walls, crème appliances -which were out dated- looked like... Hell. One old loveseat sat in the middle of the 'living room' with torn fabric holding on for its washed out life, a coffee table made of peeling wood that was painted white and had suffered so much over the years the chipping was more like a complete loss of a paint job, a splintering wooden bookshelf was built into the wall perpendicular to the window, and finally two doors. One led to the bedroom -the door hung solely on one hinge- the other led to the bathroom this door had no latch. This was my new home, and the place of some of my fondest memories. I went and visited this place a couple of weeks back, the paint still remains in all its vomitous pus colored glory. The loveseat still sat frozen in time, the only signs of age were more holes, and the faded fabric from when I had lived there, that had apparently also survived over the years, was more faded and had hardly any pattern left. The now yellowed appliances still work by some miracle. Even the window with a crack down the middle and the frighteningly unstable wire balcony remain. Something's will always be there to welcome you home, no matter how shitty. I went to the bathroom first, unpacking everything that belonged in there. Then I discovered the infamous, Door That Could Never Close. Oh the stories I could tell just because of that damned door. The shower curtain wasn't a shower curtain, it was drapes, no use lying about it. They were one hundred percent drapes from a child's bedroom. Or it was a shower curtain from the seventies. The rusty trusty sink -gained its name from the fact it never stopped working the entirety of my living there- gurgled as it churned out water, but the water was clean, so I washed my face anyway. I brushed my hair and pulled it away from my face into a braid, not even daring to try the power socket with a blow dryer/hot iron of any kind. I left to unpack the rest of my things. I had an hour and a half left to ready myself. I put all of my books on the shelf, filing it immediately. I'm kind of a book-worm okay? With an hour left I unpacked my clothes, which were mostly new. I caved and bought myself new clothes for work, as I had zero business clothes back in Montana. I slipped on a dress that made me feel awkward, but didn't look half bad. I didn't have much time left after dressing and getting ready. But I did get a chance to look around at the Black hole. The bed that died long ago and was never thrown away. That bed would be the home of so many nightmares and laughs, it would absorb blood, alcohol, vomit, and even urine. You'll figure out how I know these things later. The mattress survived all these years, I think it's a sentimental thing. The bed being there just for me on my visit, it was there to remind me, even if it's lumpy and sinks it still means something. I took my umbrella and locked my door. Sketchy ass part of town and all I hid anything that looked relatively valuable. I stood on the side-walk not for five seconds before I noticed that my dress was short as hell. Mid thigh in rainy weather, and things did not look to good for me. Finnick pulled up quickly and I hopped into his car. He smiled satisfied at me, though confused I didn't dare to question it. He'd changed and wasn't... wet. "So where are we headed?" "Billy's." "Is that the restaurant or one of the workers?" "It's the bar." "Bar?" I asked. "Yep, initiation begins now Everdeen." "Huh?" "The whole gang will be there. And you'll have to down a whole ten beers by the end of the night to become one of us." Oh shit... I'd never had an alcoholic drink in my entire life... Well fuck! "That won't be a problem will it?" I didn't mention alcohol had been the sole reason for me to hate every part of this Earth, "I lived in the state where it is legal to be drunk and still go to work. I think I'll be fine." I concluded would be the best answer. "I'll take that." Finnick said as we pulled up to the bar. It looked packed to the brim with people. "Everyone's here. The whole office is here." He smiled, "Ready to get drunk?" "Yes...?" "Good." He led me into the bar. -This bar, would become my second home, the place I still visit regularly.- The bar was warm -as it still is- It didn't reek of dying liver juice. It had an upbeat fun atmosphere. It was what every home should feel like... Welcoming. We walked in and were greeted with an uproar of cheers. Finnick slapped some people's hands and snickered at jokes shouted at him. I try desperately to make my dress longer. "Finn, is this your new girl? Annie will be pissed!" A stubby man walked up to us. He was balding and had an eternally smiling face. "Yeah right, this is my new coworker. Katniss, this is Billy. The owner." "Hi." I shook his hand. "If you don't mind me saying, you have one fine ass." "Thank you." I nodded subconsciously, not entirely sure if it was meant as a compliment. The man laughed heartily, wrinkling his face even more. Finnick led me to a table of all men. "Beetee, Boggs. This is Katniss. Katniss, these two work right next to us." "Hi." I shook their hands. "That's Thresh, he's new like you. This is Cinna, Thresh's partner. That's Cato he was new last year, and this is your new boss Haymitch." The forty-some-odd-year-old stood to greet me. "I'm a professional drunk by trade." He shook my hand. "You're the little cowgirl am I right?" "Yes sir." "I'll be expecting, to learn horse back after you've downed ten beers." "Yes sir." "Haymitch how much have you drank already?" Finnick inquired. "In my life or now?" "Now?" "About six beers." "Keep it up." Finnick gave him a thumbs up leading me to another table. "These are the fine ladies of the office, Miss. Rue who's our only intern this year, Johanna -who's a slut just saying-" "Hey!" The multi colored haired woman pointed her beer threateningly at him. "This is little Glimmer -who is also a slut- Clove -who could kick my ass- and Ginger who works with Boggs and Beetee every now and then." "My name is not Ginger!" The red-head sighed. "I totally could kick your ass." Clove snickered. "Don't even try to say you're not a slut Glimmer. I can see every bit of skin on you." Johanna eyed