The harbor horn sounds and I know I've overslept. I'm on my feet dressing and yelling for Nauplius to beat the peacekeepers to the dock before my eyes have even fully opened yet. I'm imagining the last time I failed to wake him before the horn. I can see it clear as if it were happening again right in front of me. He was thirteen then, and the peacekeepers collected him as soon as I turned him out the door to make a run for it. It took over a week for his back to heal enough from the lashing to stand upright without splitting the wound open again. "Relax Annie, It's reaping day" Nauplius answers from the kitchen, his voice devoid of its custom verve and lightness. I go in and find him seated at our table, which is little more than driftwood on sticks, busying himself scaling and filleting a small halibut for our breakfast. His face, though hidden behind a thin veil of dirty brown hair, was tired, and I could see the deep circles under his iridescent green eyes when they lifted from the fish in his hands to meet mine "There's No Work on the boats on reaping day" "Right. I almost forgot" I answer, expecting some form of relief to register- but the sense of panic only becomes deeper and more pronounced. Of course I hadn't forgotten. I'd been up most of the night thinking about it. Worrying about him. At fifteen Nauplius can stand on his own two feet- he's as proficient a fisherman and as good a man as could be found in District four. When our father died during the storm season seven years ago the dock workers made a sort of project out of Nauplius, keeping him busy enough to stay focused and out of trouble. Though he might be a full head taller than me and wield a spear and net as well as any person I ever saw, he is still, at least to me, a boy, and I want so very much to protect him from the Reaping. I keep telling myself that the likelihood of him being chosen is remote- we always worked hard and saved enough to keep him from having to sign up for tessera, and District four is so large that the chances of his name being picked out of the thousands is negligent at best- but still, I fear. "you almost forgot, did you?" he asks in an unusually harsh voice "I guess you were up all night forgetting?" I wipe the sleep from the corners of my eyes and look around our small shanty home for a flint to get the fire going. When I find the flint, I place a kettle and a frying pan on the double burner and light them both. "I didn't mean to keep you up. It was a brutal night". " I wasn't about to get sleep, anyway" he answers, he's finished with the first fish and puts the tray on the jerry-rigged countertop for me. "I doubt anyone slept last night" I empty a cup of crushed grain into a woven bowl from the cupboard suspended on the corner wall and toss the halibut in with it. I can feel Nauplius watching from behind me, his anxiety is so thick it's almost palpable. "You shouldn't worry" I say to him without looking back. I start putting the breaded halibut into another woven bowl for frying. "You've never collected Tessera, so your name is only in the ball a few times. The odds are in your favor" "And yours Annie?" He asks, slamming a cleaver down on another halibut, cutting off its head. He discards the entrails into a tin at his feet. He misses, and I can hear the wet plop as it slips past the tin and through a large crack in the floorboard into the sea. "How many times is your name in the reaping Ball Annie?" I freeze, knowing full well he knows I've lied about taking Tesserae. The only thing I'm certain of is that he doesn't know how many times- if he had he'd be having a meltdown. Truth be told, I don't know how many times either. I hadn't done it this year, but in years past I availed myself of it freely, whenever I had to. It wasn't that I was trying to be reckless or anything, but my brother and I need to eat, and more than once our share of grain had toppled out of the cupboard and emptied into the sea. More than once the oil hasn't been enough to warm us and keep us fed. What else was there to be done? Nothing, that's what. I did what had to be done to feed my family and feed myself, and I'm not about to start apologising for it now. "Its my second last year, Nauplius, I'm almost in the clear." I reason, repeating to him what i've told myself a million times "Besides, someone will probably volunteer" "ha!" Nauplius scoffs "There hasn't been a volunteer in four since the year after Odair won and our tributes were the first on the chopping block. Four doesn't buy into the games the way we used to." He pauses, seeming to re-assess his anger. Real hurt colors his voice when he puts his hands on my shoulders and asks "Annie, Why would you take tessera and not tell me? When was it?" I don't know how to answer him so I don't. I want to ask him who it was that ratted me out but that would only give him a real admission so I just pretend as though nothing was said and start tossing fillets into the heated pan with oil and some herbs I'd harvested on the trail into town. Nauplius waits for me to respond. Eventually his hands fall from my shoulders one by one. I don't have the courage to look back at him and when I don't, he heads for the door. "I'm going to see if Laz and his father need any help securing the Dinghy before everyone heads to town" He's gone and halfway up the deck before he's even finished his sentence. I can tell from the waver in his voice that the only reason why he isn't cutting into me for taking tesserae is because he knows I did it for us, and any real confirmation from me would do nothing but make the guilt we were both feeling, worse. Laz is my brothers best friend, and his parents, Nautilum and Nora are sort of surrogate parents to my brother and I. They have Three sons, of which Laz is the youngest. The other two have been transferred to other parts of district four, to maintain district residences similar to our own. Our section of district four is known disparagingly as the dinghy and it's one of the most dangerous places in this district to live. It's a series of brightly coloured and peeling shanty sheds, each built on its own floating dock and connected to one another. They float along the length of two opposing shorelines about a thousand meters across the mouth of a small bay that is a tributary of the gulf of four. Each 'house' consists of two rooms; The kitchen is the larger of the two about eight foot by eight foot and also serves as our living space. There's a Capitol-provided projector bolted to the ceiling, so we don't miss any Capitol shipment schedules or mandatory viewings. The second room is the bedroom, which is only big enough to fit two standard-issue cots side by side. In ours, Nauplius drags the second cot into the kitchen at night, so we can each enjoy some privacy. It isn't uncommon for whole sections of the Dinghy to become unhinged from the coastline and float away in inclement weather. Lazarus and His father Nautilum are tasked with making sure that doesn't happen. The purpose of our humble homes, is to catch migrating fish at varying times of the year as they go through. It's our job to make sure that the appropriate nets are cast in good condition and according to the specifics of the particular species we are after. Several times every day and night we reel them in and set them out again. The men take care during the evenings and early mornings, the women do it during the day in between shifts harvesting oysters, seaweed and other crustaceans back in the shallow waters off the beach when most men have gone to the docks on the mainland to report for work on the boats. Nearly every moment on the dinghy is regimented, and the regimen is implemented with precision by the ample and deadly peacekeeping force. When our father passed away, my brother and I were allowed to stay in our childhood home on the Dinghy with the pledge of the neighbors to take responsibility for us. Nautilums' wife Nora moved in with us for the three years between our father dying and my coming of age so that we wouldn't have to be taken into a government home and separated. The peacekeepers allowed it because as natives of the dinghy, we already knew our way around, were experts at checking and repairing the nets, and skilled labour willing to work and live on the dinghy was hard to find. On reaping day the entire district goes on lockdown, and people are ordered to stay within a quarter mile of their homes until one-fifteen when the exodus to the square begins. Anyone seen at or near a fence or checkpoint will be shot on sight. From my little kitchen range I can hear the voices of the families gathering on the beach echo off the water. It's an unusually calm day, and the people of the dinghy are pleased because with last night's high winds and rough waters the fish are plentiful. The smell of food fills the air as people try to comfort themselves with what little they have available, inviting their neighbours in to join them. Reaping day, as terrible as it always is, has a bit of a morbid holiday feel to it. There's a ritual of food and laughter, contrived though it may be, to enjoy and celebrate while celebration is an option. The sense of community it forges is a one-day-a-year affair; today everyone is family. And we're all trying to manufacture a good memory in a landscape of fear. I've just gotten the last of the fish out of the pan and some fresh kale greens mixed with seaweed when Nauplius returns with Laz in tow. This year is the Last year Laz will be in the reaping. He's a year older than me but somehow I can't see him as any less a boy then my brother, his best friend and shadow. "Brutal morning Annie-love" Laz says coming in, giving me a one-armed squeeze and kissing my forehead gingerly. He seats himself directly and rests his bare feet on Nauplius' cot. "Hows about some breakfast, and a drink to calm our nerves?" "What happened? We lose anyone last night?" I ask handing Laz a plate and holding the pan of halibut out to him. Nauplius fetches the moonshine from under his cot and pours some into two tin cans for each of them. "Almost lost the last three yards. Just finished fixing it all back together though, Nau and I." Laz answered as he took the bottle of moonshine from Nauplius and adds more to his cup. "The Ablines are lucky your brother thought to go out and check their rigging late last night, or they woulda been swept away in their beds." Nauplius rolls his eyes at Laz and comes to hug me. He squeezes me tight " Forget I said anything before, okay?" My eyes meet his, and I can see the