A/N - I don't own Harry Potter, characters, except for my own, etc. I plan on making each story for all of the seven years, so I hope that will happen. Please enjoy and leave a review, letting me know what you think! This was it, I, Neville Franklin Longbottom was going to Hogwarts, the School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. Believe it or not, this was a big and important day for me. Especially since for years, my family, and at one point, I was convinced I was a squib. That was until the day my Uncle Al decided to throw me off a balcony, and I bounced when I hit the ground, tumbling all over the place. I shrugged it off and walked over while nearly tripping over my suitcase to get to my closet. I made sure my bedroom door was closed so Gran wouldn't walk in. I began changing out of my pajamas, and slipped on my dark red sweater, my black jeans, my old pair of shoes that were starting to get holes in them. I tried to convince Gran I needed a new pair, but she told me to stop fussing. She and I have never really gotten along. Not that I minded living there, its just that its be a change since, since; nevermind. I got to my bedroom mirror to look at myself after brushing my bangs that were getting really long, out of my eyes. I had to keep pulling my sweater down so my stomach wouldn't show. I wasn't exactly the skinnest kid for my age. Trying not to let that bother me, I turned to put my suitcase onto the bed, to pack more of my clothes. I fiddled for my wand that I thought was on my bed, but it was gone. Thinking it had fallen on the floor, I bent down on all fours to check. When I reached my hand under, I immediately pulled it back out after feeling something wet and slimy. Taking a minute, I rolled my eyes, knowing full well what it was. "Trevor!". I once again, reached under and pulled out my pet toad my Uncle had bought for me. I was saving to buy a new wand. But Gran insisted on me using my dad's old wand. "Aren't you excited to be coming to school with me? I'll at least need one friend there", I said to him, who continued to struggle in my hand. I stood up, with one hand, I tried hard to keep Trevor clutched in my right hand, especially since he was always moving, not staying in one place. And with the other, I tried wiping the dust from the floor off my pants. After I finally gotten Trevor into his carrier, I finished packing my suitcase, and retrieved my wand, which was under my pillow the entire time. I must have forgotten I put it there; a habit I had to break, forgetting things. Gran says one day that will lead me into trouble. "Neville! We're going to be late! The train leaves at 11", Gran called from downstairs. "Hurry it up!". He voice was the kind that when it was raised, you tense up everytime you hear it. I was used to it be now, but every now and then, it spooked me. "I'm coming, Gran!", I yelled back. I grabbed the handles to my suitcase and Trevor's carrier, and after checking I put my wand into my pocket, I opened my bedroom door and basically ran down the stairs, seeing Gran finishing her last sip of tea, and her last bite of biscuit. She offered me one, which I took and chewed very slowly. It tasted as though they have been expired for a while. As I finished eating, Gran stood up from the kitchen table and walked over to the hat stand, taking her red velvet hat that had a vulture like bird on top that smelled of something that I didn't really know what. "I've asked Gerald Macmillan to drive us to the station", she said. I moaned, but immediately regretted it, knowing she heard me. "What can't we get our own car?", I asked her, already knowing the reason. "Because Neville, we can't afford a new car, since the Ministry decided on raising the prices on everything", she said. Our old car was getting to expensive so Gran decided to sell it to pay for my school supplies. "Couldn't you just apparate us there?", I practically pleaded. Mr. Macmillan had a son my age, who was also going to Hogwarts. It wasn't that I didn't like his son, it was just that he acted like he knew everything and acted smarter around me. Considering he was our neighbor that made it all the more difficult to avoid him. "I'm too old, and you're underage. If you got hurt, that's another trip to St. Mungos". It wouldn't matter, we're always there anyway. "Okay", I said, out of ideas. I stared at the clock which said 10:22. The two of us hurried out the door, where we were greeted by Mr. Macmillan in front of our house. He was a big man, even bigger than me. I noticed he also had to keep pulling his jacket down so his belly button wouldn't show. As soon as he saw us, Mr. Macmillan began smiling really big and started twiddling his banana colored hat around in his pudgy fingers. "Why, morning Augusta!", he said, his voice almost sounded like singing. "Good day?". "Barely, Gerald. Once I get Neville off to school I can apply for that job at the Ministry. Put my old self to work", Gran said, straightening her hat. "Why, you still look the same to me. Even more so today!", said Mr. Macmillan. He finally seemed to remember I was there, walked over to me, and grabbed my suitcase. "Here my boy, let me put this in the trunk. You can have a seat in the back, there". I pulled open his car door, got in, grabbed my wand out of my pocket, so it wouldn't snap. After closing the door, I rested my pet carrier on my legs, put on my seatbelt, and looked to the boy next to me. He wasn't big like his father or me. He had a skinny build. His mop top of blond hair looked like it had been combed a lot. He was holding his hands together, and continued staring at the window. The black robes he was wearing were just like mine. I guess he wanted to put them on now so that he'd be prepared. "Hey, Ernie", I said, shyly. He stared at me for a few seconds before turning to look back out the window. "Hello, Neville", Ernie said, flatly. I didn't mind not talking to him, no conversation was better than forced conversation. I too looked out the window at my house trying to remember if I turned off the light in my room. My thoughts changed when finally Gran and Mr. Macmillan got in the car and began to drive. The rest of the drive was Mr. Macmillan talking to Gran. She wasn't interested in what he had to say, of course. She always told me he was a blabbermouth. "And that Weasley fellow, he keeps trying to get my opinion on what a, what do you call it, a, a blender is. That man and his interests with Muggle contraptions. Ridiculous". I decided I wanted to put Trevor in my pocket, especially since he was sleeping, I had a better chance of him staying in one place. In the next few minutes, we made it to Kings Cross Station. It was huge! Not to mention how many people there were. The four of us got out of the car, and with Mr. Macmillan's help, he got Ernie's trunk and mine out of the trunk of his car. I noticed Ernie pulled out his pet owl in its cage as it slept. Some of its grey feathers had fallen on the bottom of the cage. We walked into the station and quickly got to where platforms nine and ten were. We made sure that no muggles were watching us, that way it would be easier for us to get to the platform. Gran told me all about this; the way to get to the train that would be taking us to Hogwarts is through a brick wall that stood before us. "I'm sorry, Ernest. I can't see you off, I have to get to work. But I'll see you when you come home for Christmas. Behave yourself, and remember what I told you about that willow tree, and keep clear of Mr. Filch's cat. He even sees you near her, he'll think you're messing with her, and he'll see to it you get detention!", Mr. Macmillan chuckled. Ernie laughed as well, but I could tell he was disappointed his father wouldn't be there to see him go. "Yes, Father", he smiled. "That's my boy!". Mr. Macmillan smiled a proudly, and ruffled his sons hair. "I'll be waiting in the car, Augusta". And with that, he turned and disappeared through the crowd of people. Without looking or saying anything to us, Ernie grabbed his trunk, his caged owl, and without a sense of doubt, he ran right through the wall. I was nervous at first, but then thought how hard could it be, really? As Gran held onto my sleeve, we walked to the wall and the next minute my eyes went wide with wonder as I saw a large train, that just had to be the Hogwarts Express. I dreamt it would look exactly like it did just now; a candy apple red with gray smoke blowing, ready to leave. I could see other kids with trunks just like mine, saying goodbye to their parents who were hugging and kissing them. I felt a weight in my stomach that wouldn't go away, not even when Gran dragged me closer to the train, and started making me look acceptable. "Alright, Neville. Do you're best and I expect a letter once in a while. Have your wand?". I showed it to her. "Your pet?". I felt in my pocket for him, but became horrified when I didn't feel his wet, slimy skin. "Gran, I've lost my toad again!", I said, looking around desperately, but he was nowhere to be found. "Oh, Neville!", Gran said exasperatingly. She shook her head. "He's around here somewhere, just get on the train, and be good", she said, trying to straighten my hair. Carrying my trunk, and my empty pet carrier, I walked towards the train, handed the conductor my ticket I had in my back pocket and got on board. I tried to look for Ernie, but he was gone, thinking he didn't want to be seen with me, he probably made sure he was away from me. I was getting pushed around the aisle by some bigger kids who were trying to get through. Thankfully I found an empty compartment and quickly got in, and closed the sliding door, hoping nobody else would come in. Seeing a rack for luggage on top of the seats, but I realized it was too high for me to reach. I had to stand on top of the seat and place my trunk on top. I hopped down and set my carrier on the seat next to me. In the next few minutes or so, I heard the train whistle, and with one lurch, the train began to move forwards. I could see kids sticking their heads out of the windows, waving to their parents who waved back. I tried looking for Gran, but couldn't see her. We were now out of the station and were free to walk about the train if we wanted. This was the perfect chance to look for Trevor! I mean, less kids had to