I walked on over to the fridge, open it and sighed. No food. Again. Living with just mom is amazing; having such an immature parent can be fun at times. The way she's my best friend and my mom, the closest person to me in the world is always a bonus, but we never seem to have any food. Grocery shopping as she puts it is my responsibility, since I have all the free time. I never know when to go though, I mean I'm the kid I shouldn't have to go out and buy food! How am I supposed to know what to get? "Mom we're out of food again!" I yell from the kitchen as I take out the last of the eggs and milk, setting them on the counter "We have bread, make yourself some toast." As I check the bread I roll my eyes. "Yeah it's out of date like every damn thing in this house," I yell back. I abandon any thoughts of having breakfast here and start to slip on my boots. "Here, stop being such a smartass and take this and go buy some food," She hands over what looks like fifty dollars. "But-" "Renesmee Just go I don't have time to do it today." "You want me to go without a list again?" I smirk at her. "I've made a shopping list; do you really think I'm going to trust you to do shopping without a list again?" She looked at me with hard eyes. "That was the best three weeks of my life!" I protest, patting my belly and smiling at her. "You ate nothing but crap, because that's all you bought!" She looked down at me, her face turning hard. I wasn't smiling anymore. "Yeah but it was pretty funny to see Esme and Carlisle's faces when they came over and you served them little Debbie snack cakes , chocolate chip cookies, smores , and a bowl filled with potato chips ," I giggle, slipping on my other shoe. "You have no idea how much criticism I got for that Ness," She muttered as she grabbed her keys from the small table in the kitchen that had four chairs squeezed around. It was placed in the middle of the room. "okay I will be back by six, don't stay out too late with Jake. Please!" She sighed as she grabbed her shiny new high heeled shoes. Mom although she could be as immature as me has quite an important job. She bagged herself a job as one of the managers at one of the biggest companies in town. To say at the least she is bringing in a lot of money. Since it's only ever been just me and mom, we have struggled a bit and money has always been tight, but we've managed. She's managed. She left the kitchen and shortly after I hear the front door softly click as it shuts. I smirk to myself. Abandoning the money on the table I slip out the back door, running for the woods. It's my only freedom, where I go to think, and be by myself. The woods are at the back of my house. It's not strange not really! I've always had a connection to the outdoors, I love it! I used to camp out sometimes, when mom was working the night shift at the local diner, when Carlisle and Esme would babysit. She hates the outdoors, always saying that it's wet and muddy and nasty to be around. She doesn't see the beauty and the adventure of climbing trees to see over the hills and whatever other scenery gets in the way. Mother has told me that I get the love of outdoors from my father. That no good gutless bastard. I wouldn't know though, not that I would ever want to know because I despise the fact that I'm probably just like him when it comes to the love of outdoors. I don't want to know him, I don't need to know a coward like him. I didn't think it was even possible to hate someone I've never met before. Let alone hate someone who's a part of me but the second mum told me what he did, I just knew that I never wanted to know him. See him. Or be part of his pathetic life. I should have brought a Jacket with me! I knew I should have. Because now I'm freezing my ass off. As I trot through the damp, wet and stinky woods behind my house I smile mainly because this was all mine. It was also where I met Jacob. We were nine maybe ten. I was in the woods and I was lost when I came across a meadow, with a river right next to it. It has to be the most beautiful place I've ever been. Especially in summer when Forks is having half decent weather all kinds of different wild flowers grow. The flowers almost shimmer when it rains and small clear raindrops fall on the flowers petals only to get caught in the sun which makes everything shine. I had ended up sitting there looking at all the little flowers, singing to myself. I didn't sing often only when I was by myself because I didn't really like anyone hearing me, you know it's sort of awkward if someone does. I had no idea he had been watching me, let alone listening, But he had. It was only after about an hour of him secretly watching me that he tripped over a hidden branch in the ground as he went to walk away. He tumbled to the ground from the bush he had been behind, making me jump and turn around. I can remember jumping to my feet. Back then Jacob was a thin, tall delicate looking thing. When I first saw him he looked so shy and innocent. His beautiful dark brown eyes almost looked apologetic as he looked up at me from the ground. He had that perfect shiny teeth smile. You know the sort you see on TV. Back then I didn't know what love was, so I just smiled and blushed at him because he was, as you could say a very beautiful child. I walk over to him slowly, being cautious of the boy who just fell out of a bush. "Are you spying on me?" I asked raising an eyebrow in a sassy, who the hell are you way that I'd seen mom do so many times. "I.. I didn't.. I mean.. You have a beautiful voice" He stuttered which turned into a low whisper. I was determined to hold my ground; I can remember I wasn't going to be thrown off by his flattery. "Well this is my meadow" He'd muttered. Sticking his muddy hand in the pockets of his jeans. "Oh really?" I laughed in my mocking way, giving him that half smile of mine. The one that Esme always told me would get the boys begging at my feet. "Yes it is." He'd raised his voice, which had taken me by surprise. But again I just laughed at him. "Why are you laughing at me?" He demanded angrily. His little cheeks going red with what I thought was embarrassment. "Because you can't own a meadow, or nature ,nobody can own it, nature owns itself. " I said as a matter of fact before sitting down again. After a second he'd sighed then sat down next to me. I smiled to myself. "Yeah I guess," He'd muttered as he took the little backpack he had on his back off. "Want an apple?" he asked politely, giving me the option of a red or green apple. I took the green one. "So, what's your name?" I asked through a mouth full of apple. "Jacob, you?" He asked as he munched on the red apple he had in his hand. "Renesmee" I said out loud a rather too loudly. Jacob's head turned quickly to face me. He lifted his eyebrows up, his face a picture of amusement. "What?" he almost laughed out loud. I can remember feeling my whole face fall. Not this again. Yes my names funny, but it has sentimental value. "Don't you dare laugh, stalker boy." I'd spat out at him. He'd put his hand up in front of him meaning 'no offence intended' "Sorry." He said, biting his lip a little. I sighed. "Whatever." I muttered. We sat there for a little longer. Not talking, just watching the amazing landscape that stretched out for miles and miles. "Do you want to go on a walk and get to know each other?" Jacob had asked a little light heartedly. But it made me smile, it had been exactly what I had wanted to do. "Sure why not," I grinned as I stood up. Jacob followed my lead into the forest, from which we got lost our parents had to put a search party together to find us. That was the first time me and Jacob got in big trouble but it wouldn't be the last. All the same though, I knew I'd had made a new friend. That was years ago and now Jacob has saved my life so many times. I've honestly stopped keeping count. Years have gone by and all we've done is grow closer. That meadow, well it's our little hide away. The place we'd go to chat, to tell each other our problems, our secrets. It was our meeting place if anything ever happened. I remember once, I'd had a huge argument with mom . It got to the point where she shouted at me and told me that I was just as selfish and stubborn as my dad. She told me she didn't want to look at me. So I ran. I texted Jake to meet me in the meadow, our meadow and that's where I ran to. He was there of course, waiting, sat on the grass with a green apple just for me. That was the first time I realized how much Jake meant to me, or at least how much I meant to him. I mean what other guy would sneak out at eleven at night in his PJ's just to meet me in the woods? I sat and ate my apple and told Jake all about it. He sat there contently and listened to me bitch about how unfair my life was. As I jabbered on I just couldn't help thinking that Jake was the only guy I feel comfortable around. I mean we weren't kids anymore. Not ten years old. More like thirteen. It made me realize that Jake was a guy, a guy that I happened to really really like... We had our first kiss that night, well it defiantly shut me up. Of course after he convinced me to go back home. Which I did. It's so nice being in love with my best friend. You got to love your best friend. Right? I mean they're your best friend for a reason. You trust them because you know they'd never let you down. They're so much like you that you feel like no one could understand you but them. That's why Jake is so perfect. I know him like the back of my hand. I don't need to worry because I already know that I trust him completely. "Hey beautiful!" Jacob's enthusiasm is noted as his beautiful, white teeth smile forms on his face. "Hey you," I muse as I sit down on the slightly damp grass. Then take my green apple from his bag. "So what's up with you?" Jacob says brightly. His eyes were closed and his face was held high towards the now showing sun in the sky. His perfect light brown skin looked flawless in the sunlight. My recent thoughts of my dad spring to my mind. Giving me a bitter feeling of