Disclaimer: I don't anything in Harry Potter. J.K owns all the characters and places. A/N: This is AU. There will be mentions of the canon story. This is the first of the 'House of Black' series: Summary: What would life have been like if Hermione Granger was born a Black? Follow our little heroine as she grows up in the House of Black and becomes Bellatrix Lestrange's right hand girl. House of Black Chapter 1 – Informed One early morning on a cold winter's day saw a little girl at the age of eleven waking up in a small townhouse in Worthing, West Sussex. She stumbled out from her bedroom and ran down the stairs to the kitchen. It was her birthday today and she knew that her parents would be in the kitchen waiting for her. They were of course already there with a full English breakfast in front of them with hers waiting on her place mat. "Happy Birthday Hermione! Did you sleep well?" Katherine Granger, her mother, asked. "Thank you! I slept well and how did you sleep?" "Very well thank you love." Edmund Granger, her father, replied. She took her knife and fork and tucked into her eggs. Edmund and Katherine smiled at each other as they watched Hermione eat her breakfast. It wasn't long after that, that a tapping at the window was heard by all three household members. "What do you suppose that is?" Katherine said to Edmund, shrugging he stood up and went into the kitchen. It was there that he spotted a small barn owl with an envelope in its beak. Opening the window for the owl, he watched as it flew into the dinning room and perched on the empty vase. It dropped the letter in front of Hermione and waited. Hermione unsure of what to do reached out to take the letter, but was hesitant. "Do you think it's safe?" she asked looking at her father. He nodded and she reached out for the letter once again. Picking it up and turning it over she saw her first name written on the front, but her middle and last name were not right, shrugging, she turned it back over and saw that it had a wax seal of a large letter 'H' in a shield that housed a Lion, Badger, Snake and a Raven. Under that it read Hogwarts School for Witchcraft and Wizardry. "Is this for real?" "Why don't you open it and see what it holds." Katherine encouraged. Hermione hesitantly slid the letter opener, her father handed her, between the letter and the flap of the envelope, and broke the seal. Opening it she pulled out a piece of parchment that read; Miss Hermione Elladora Rosier, We are pleased to inform you that you have been accepted into Hogwarts School for Witchcraft and Wizardry. Enclosed is a list of school supplies that are required for your first year at Hogwarts. Please send a reply informing us if you accept or if you deny the acceptance into Hogwarts by no later than August 1st. Minerva McGonagall, Deputy Headmistress, Hogwarts School for Witchcraft and Wizardry. Hermione looked at her parents with shock and excitement and pulled out the enclosed list. She read through it all and then handed it to Edmund so that he could read it. "Who is Hermione Elladora Rosier?" "That would be you sweetheart." "It can't be, I'm Hermione Jean Granger, aren't I?" "I think it's time we spoke to you sweetheart about our past and yours." "Okay." Hermione was very nervous about what her dad wanted to tell her. "Hermione, a long time ago, Katherine and I were once a part of the wizarding world, we were sixteen and in love and we made the biggest mistake of our lives. We came from prominent wizarding families, pure bloods, and we didn't care about anything, but ourselves." "Katherine made a Witches Oath with a friend of hers and it didn't go very well. When she turned eighteen, she went against the Oath and the result was the loss of both hers and my magic and magical cores. We were reduced to Muggles in a matter of seconds." ~*Katherine's Memory of the Witches Oath*~ Katherine McKinnon was facing her friend, Julia Mitchells, with her wand in her right hand while she held her friend's hand with her left. " Are you ready Katherine?" " Yes." " Alright, Katherine Alvina McKinnon, will you swear on your magic as well as Edmund Alfred Granger's magic that you will help me succeed in the death of Jocelyn Andrews, a known mud blood, on June 4th 1977?" " I Katherine Alvina McKinnon do hereby swear on my magic as well as Edmund Alfred Granger's magic to help Julia Margareta Mitchells in the death of Jocelyn Andrews, a known mud blood, on June 4th 1977, so mote it be." A string of blue fire wound it's way across Julia's arm and Katherine's arm and made it's way toward there hearts. When it disappeared both girl's released their hands and sighed in relief. ~*End of Katherine's Memory*~ ~*Katherine's Memory of the Betrayal*~ Katherine was walking along Diagon Alley when Julia came running up the street. She stopped just in front of Katherine and grabbed her by the hands and dragged her into Knockturn Alley, pushing her into an alcove she looked around before whispering to Katherine. " It's time, that mud blood is at home alone, if we're going to kill her then we better go now." " I can't do it Julia, I'm sorry." With her refusal she watched as Julia grabbed her chest and collapsed to the ground. It was the same time she grabbed her own chest and sank to the floor. " No, no, no, please K-Katherine, I don't w-want to die. P-please say you w-will do it, please!" Julia wheezed through clenched teeth. " I'm sorry." Katherine started to seize while Julia collapsed completely. She'd died just as Katherine's magic was ripped from her. Across the country in a large Manor in Wiltshire Edmund Granger too seized as his magic was ripped from his being, leaving him nothing more than a Muggle. ~*End of Katherine's Memory*~ "Can I ask you questions or do you want to tell me everything?" "You can ask me now, before I go any further." "What is a pure blood, Witches Oath and Muggles?" "Pure blood is the term for wizards and witches who claim to be from families with purely magical heritage. There are also Half bloods; a Half-blood is the term commonly given to wizards and witches who have a Muggle or Muggle born parent and magical parent and there are Muggle borns; Muggle born is the term given to a witch or wizard who is born to two non-magical parents…" "A Muggle is someone who has no magic whatsoever. There are squibs too; they are a non-magical person who is born to at least one magical parent. Squibs are, in essence, 'Wizard-born Muggles. There are also Witches and Wizards that are referred to as Blood Traitor's, a Blood traitor is a derogatory term commonly used by elite pure blood families to describe witches or wizards that sympathises with the non-magical community and/or willingly associates with those who are also blood traitor or Muggle-born." "Okay, that makes sense to me now, thanks dad." "You asked what a Witches Oath is, it is when a witch makes something similar to a deal with another witch, an example would be, I, Jane Doe, hereby swear on my magic that I will do this/that according to the terms given by, Jane Doe, so mote it be. That is what Lillian and her friend did, but she added my name to it per my insistence and we have regretted it everyday since then. There is also another type of Oath that is far more dangerous, it's called The Unbreakable Vow…" "The Unbreakable Vow is a magical incantation in which one wizard makes an oath to another. If the person who accepts the conditions of the Unbreakable Vow breaks them, they die. The spell involves the two wizards joining their hands, and a third person, designated as a "Bonder", placing the tip of their wand onto their hands, upon which one person gives the other person one or more terms of the Vow, which the other person then agrees to. Upon assent with each clause of an Unbreakable Vow, strands of liquid fire winds around the linked hands." Hermione nodded her understanding and smiled towards her father. "Now that I have answered your questions, I will continue." "Now, Hermione it pains me to say this, but Katherine and I are not your biological parents, we were chosen by your aunt to look after you as your birth mother died in labour and your biological father was killed." "But I look just like you, I don't understand." "Perhaps we should take you to the Magical side of London, to the wizard's bank; they'll be able to show you our memory of the night you were given to us." Katherine nodded her head in agreement. Before they left Katherine had Hermione finish her tea knowing how well the drink calmed her daughter's nerves. Along the way Hermione thought about when she was six years old… ~*Flash Back Memory*~ It was a late sunny afternoon and Hermione was busy reading a children's book. She was sitting on a swing in the park when a group of girls between the ages of ten and thirteen came up to her. " Look it's the know-it-all, oh and she's reading a child's book how sweet. Where's your mummy and daddy huh know-it-all?" One girl who was tall and a little plump, she had curly red hair and freckles speckled across her cheeks and nose. She was wearing a summer dress and flip-flops. " Yeah, did they get tired of you? Did you bore them to death?" Another girl mocked. She had light brown hair and dark blue eyes; she too was wearing a summer dress and sandals. " Leave me alone." Hermione said. " Awe, look she's crying! Awe is the little beaver crying, would you like a bit of wood to chew on? It might help reduce the size of your ugly buck teeth!" This time a girl with blonde hair and green eyes started verbally attacking Hermione; she was wearing a pair of black shorts and a white t-shirt. " Go away!" Hermione yelled. The girl with the blonde hair and green eyes was blown off her feet by the strongest gust of wind that came out of now where. Hermione by now was standing up and crying. All the girls looked at Hermione and then to their friend. " You're a freak!" Two of the girls yelled out. ~*End of Flash Back Memory*~ She realised then that maybe there was such a thing as magic, it couldn't not be real. Thinking back to three years ago Hermione smiled, magic was definitely real. How could it not be? ~*Flash Back Memory*~ One late spring morning, Hermione decided to leave her room and head down to the kitchen to make herself some lunch. Of course now that she was eight she felt that she was big enough to use a knife, not a butter knife, a proper kitchen knife. So with a big smile upon her cheeks she bounced down the stairs humming a tune. Once inside the kitchen she went to the drawer and retrieved a knife. Of course it was very sharp so she was extra careful with it. After getting her bread, tomato and cheese she headed back to the counter that the knife lay upon. Standing on the stool she placed her bread on the breadboard along with the cheese and tomato. Grabbing the knife she started cutting the tomato as best as possible, which wasn't at all any good. After almost destroying the tomato, she put the knife back