This is a smutty one-shot that just popped into my head one day. Note the pairing—it is SLASH. Enjoy, if that's your thing;) Thanks to AJFM Drofnats for betaing:) As always, I tinker with things right up until I post, so all mistakes are mine. "How's it hanging, Cullen?" I jumped at the feel of a hand on my shoulder. This wasn't just a friendly tap, though; no, this was a lingering, dragging touch from my shoulder to the top of my spine. My skin prickled, and I turned to glare at the offender. Fucking Jasper Whitlock. I knew it was him without even looking. He'd been at McCarty & Masen for about a year. For months now he'd been in my face, always with the Southern charm and overly friendly, touchy-feely gestures. Suggestive comments that just skirted the line of what was appropriate. Rumor had it that he liked men, although he kept to himself and never discussed his personal life at work. I'll admit, he was a good-looking guy—tall, dirty blond hair, blue eyes. A build similar to my own; not overly muscular, but lean. He had all the ladies in the office drooling over him, and probably some of the guys, too, so I don't know why he focused his attentions on me. Probably because he got a reaction out of me. I'm not homophobic, but I'm definitely straight and I didn't appreciate his unwanted advances. As I glared up at him he winked, giving my shoulder a final squeeze before he sauntered away. I rolled my eyes and got back to work. I loved my job, and I wasn't going to let an asshole who couldn't take no for an answer change that. Not that I'd ever told him no; he never actually propositioned me, but his double entendres and overly-familiar touching told me everything I needed to know. He wanted me. Well, too fucking bad for him. "You look tense, Cullen. Here, let me—ˮ Strong, masculine hands came down on my shoulders, right at the base of my neck, and began kneading. I almost relaxed into the soothing touch before I remembered myself and whirled around in my desk chair. "Goddamn it, Jasper! Keep your hands to yourself," I hissed, looking around to see if anyone had witnessed our exchange. "What's your problem, man? Do I have to go to HR about you?" Of course, I would never do that. For one thing, it would be my word against his, and for another, I'd be too damned embarrassed to admit that I was being hit on by a man, and it made me uncomfortable. Immediately a hurt look passed over his face. "HR? I'm sorry if my attempts at friendship are bothering you, Cullen. No problem. I'll back off." And he did just that, stepping back with his hands raised in defeat. I didn't buy his innocent act for one minute. He knew what I was talking about. "And stop calling me by my last name. Everyone here calls me Edward, and I'd appreciate it if you did, too." A big smile stretched across his face. "Oh, yeah? Well, make up your mind, Cul— Edward . Either you want me to leave you alone or you want to be on a first name basis." Another wink and a grin, and he walked away from my desk. Fuck. "Edward, how's the Black & Sons campaign coming along?" Carlisle Masen, one of the founding partners of McCarty & Masen stood smiling in front of my desk. He was my mentor, and he had the utmost faith in me, but this campaign just wasn't clicking. "We're on track, but I'd like to bring in Bella Swan. She had some fantastic ideas on the Grey Wolf Apparel campaign. I'd like to get her input and maybe take her with me to Chicago for the presentation." Not only was Bella a creative genius, she had a great rack and lips that looked like they could suck the chrome off a bumper. I was hoping to get to know her better as we worked on the Black & Sons campaign, then make my move and have her in my bed by the time we got to Chicago. But Carlisle didn't need to know all of that. He frowned, palmed his neck. "She's fairly new, isn't she?" "Yes, but she really is very good. I'll go over everything with you before we finalize it." He smiled and stuck his hands in his pockets. "You know I trust you, Edward. Just fill me in on what you decide." Later, I went to Bella's office to let her know she'd be working on the campaign with me. She smiled up at me, giving my body a quick but appreciative once over. Whitlock wasn't the only one the ladies fawned over here. I knew I wasn't hard to look at. My artfully tousled hair and green eyes got me my fair share of attention, too. Suddenly, we were interrupted by a familiar voice. "Congratulations, Bella. I hear you'll be on the BS campaign with Edward, here." I closed my eyes in annoyance before facing him. He wore a black button-down, with the top two buttons undone, and a pair of dark grey trousers. I swallowed, my tie suddenly feeling too tight around my neck. It felt warm in the room, and I realized with horror that my dick was twitching in my pants, growing harder by the second. In a panic, I grabbed the file that I'd brought with me and, trying to be subtle, held it in front of me as I sidled out past Jasper. "I'll catch up with you later, Bella. Jasper." I nodded as I passed him, trying to ignore the smirk on his face. I went into my office and closed the door, mortified. How was I going to work with Bella every day if I couldn't get my dick to stand down around her? I pondered this, ignoring the more troubling question: what if it wasn't Bella who'd made my dick hard in the first place? I was going over my itinerary for the Chicago trip when Carlisle entered my office and sat down. "There's been a change of plans, Edward. I liked what you and Bella came up with, but something was missing. It just didn't have your usual sparkle, if you know what I mean. Emmett and I were discussing it in the conference room and Whitlock happened by and immediately pointed out what it needed. He had some fabulous ideas, and…ˮ Well, fuck. Fuck me, fuck my life, just fucking fuckety fuck fuck fuck. The bottom line was, Carlisle had loved Jasper's ideas so much that he decided to implement them in the campaign and send him to Chicago with me. No Bella in my bed, on her knees, screaming my name …no Bella, period. Just Whitlock being a pain in my ass. And to top it off, Carlisle thought we'd make a great team on future projects, and didn't understand why we'd never teamed up before. Breathe, Edward, breathe. I got started on the necessary changes to the presentation, called the art department to let them know what needed to be done, and kissed any chance of getting Bella underneath me in the near future good-bye. We were waiting to board our flight when I got that creepy feeling that someone was staring at me. I glanced over at Jasper, and sure enough, he was watching me intently. He turned away quickly, pulling out his phone and pretending to be looking at something on it. He hadn't been too much of an asshole since Carlisle put him on the campaign, probably because he knew I was pissed. This was important to both of our careers, and it was in our best interests to play nice. When we landed in Chicago, I was hungry and tired. My plans for the night were ordering room service, getting in my pajamas, reviewing our presentation, and hitting the sack. At the hotel, the woman manning the front desk looked at our reservation and smiled. "Here you are, Mr. Cullen. Room 424, non-smoking, with a king-sized bed. Please let us know if there's anything we can do to make your stay more comfortable." I frowned. "That's a suite, right? My reservation should be for a suite, two bedrooms …" Her smile frozen in place, she shook her head. "No. I'm sorry, sir, you have a single room with a king-sized bed." I closed my eyes, willing my sudden headache to go away. "Okay. Okay, then what we need to do is get Whitlock here his own room. No big deal." Her expression was pained as she replied. "I'm so sorry, Mr. Cullen, but there are no more rooms available. We're hosting several conventions here this week, and with the weather we've had, many guests have extended their stays. I'm afraid the only thing I can do at this point is arrange for a cot to be sent up. And a complimentary fruit basket, of course." Blowing out a breath, I waved away her offer. "Okay, whatever. What-the-fuck-ever." I headed for the elevators, hoping that this fiasco was not a harbinger of things to come. Just as the doors were about to close, Jasper's hand shot out to hold them open so he could slip inside. "Listen, Edward, I know you're not thrilled about sharing a room with me. I'll take the cot." Surprised, I looked at him, wondering if he was fucking with me. "Yeah, okay. Thanks." The rest of the elevator ride was silent. We found our room and I slid my keycard in. I looked around, glad that at least the room was spacious. Jasper's cot was a good distance away from the bed. I sighed and started unpacking what I needed for the night, hoping the rest of this trip would pass quickly and uneventfully. William Black and his three sons loved our ideas for their company and decided to hire McCarty & Masen to handle all of their advertising. But they were four of the most long-winded bastards I'd ever met and had a million and one questions for us. When we finally wrapped things up, they insisted on taking us out to dinner. By the time dinner was over, I was thoroughly sick of William Black's God-awful sense of humor and couldn't wait to get back to our room. Jasper didn't seem bothered by it, though. He'd turned on that Southern charm and had them eating out of his hand. It was just after ten when we were able to disengage ourselves from the Blacks and head back upstairs. Jasper turned on the television and flipped through the channels before tossing the remote aside. "I think I'm gonna go down to the bar for a drink. You interested?" I looked up from the paperwork I had spread out on the bed. True to his word, Jasper had slept on the cot the night before. I'd felt a little bad, but not bad enough to ask him to share the bed with me. "Nah, I think I'll turn in soon." He shrugged and pocketed his wallet and keycard. With a bored "See ya," he left. He'd been very…well-behaved, for lack of a better word, since we'd arrived. No inappropriate comments or touching, no smirks or winks, which was good. Maybe he'd finally taken the hint that I wasn't interested. I stayed up until nearly midnight, rereading the proposal we'd put together and some of the changes that had been requested. When my eyes started drooping I got up to brush my teeth and then fell into bed without a thought as to where Jasper was or what he might be doing. It was pitch dark in the room when I felt the bed dip. A feather-light touch on my shoulder ghosted down my arm, settling on my hip. I startled fully awake, turning onto my back