This was my entry in the Fictionpad Olderward/ Olderella contest. It won second place for Best Angst. Don't worry, I think it's very light on angst; I classified it as romance. Big thanks to lellabeth for betaing:) Disclaimer: The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. Summary:Edward had all but given up on finding success, happiness, love…until a young woman he meets in the park shows him it's never too late. Edward Cullen was in a funk. He'd come to the park hoping to enjoy some peace and quiet, and maybe shake off the melancholy that seemed to have become a permanent fixture in his life. He sat on a bench, alone as far as he could tell. He'd brought his favorite Moleskine notebook, black and a bit dog-eared. He had dozens of the same at home, all filled with the thoughts and ideas that clamored to get out of his head. He'd yet to write anything today, though. He'd hoped something would come to him in the serenity of the park, but all he'd done was reflect negatively on the path his life had taken so far. He was truly in a black mood and couldn't seem to get out of it. As he contemplated leaving, a young woman walked past him and set up a small easel and a stool not too far from his bench. He watched her with little interest until she took out a set of colored pencils and began sketching the trees and the pond in front of her. He found himself mesmerized by the scratching of her pencils over the heavy cream paper. They left behind a perfect rendering of the scene before her. Edward had never been able to draw; his creative outlet had always been writing. Not much of an outlet these days, he thought sourly. As he watched the girl's drawing come to life, Edward felt compelled to see it up close. He stuffed his Moleskine into his messenger bag and walked toward the girl. As he got closer, he cleared his throat, not wanting to scare her or seem like a creeper. She turned her head, and Edward smiled and said, "Um, hello." Immediately he felt a hot rush of embarrassment. She was young, probably not more than twenty-five, and very beautiful. Long, chestnut hair framed a lovely, oval-shaped face. Her dark eyes crinkled at the corners as her full pink lips pulled up into a smile. "Hi there." She looked him up and down and, apparently deciding that he wasn't an immediate threat, went back to her sketching. "I was sitting over there"—Edward gestured to the bench he'd just vacated, even though she hadn't turned her head—"and saw your drawing. It's quite good." He scratched at the back of his neck, feeling more and more awkward, yet wanting to engage the young woman. Finally she turned. "Thank you. I don't mind people watching me. If you like, you can sit here on the grass and we can chat as I work." "Oh, I didn't mean—I should—ˮ Edward floundered, feeling like some kind of sleazy pervert. Didn't she know better than to invite strange men to sit with her? She glanced up at him, then pointed at the grass. "Sit. Unless you're afraid of getting your pants dirty?" "Oh, um, no." Startled by her directness, Edward sat. He didn't want her to think he was prim in addition to possibly being a pervert. "I'm Bella, by the way." "Edward. Edward Cullen. Do you sketch here often, Bella?" This was the by far the most interesting and pleasant thing that had happened to him all day, so Edward decided to go with it. "I try to get out here at least once or twice a week, if the weather's nice, of course. I paint murals to pay my rent; mostly for kids' rooms, stuff like that. Painting is my real passion. I have a small room that I use as a a studio. I'm hoping to be able to show my work one day." Bella put the finishing touches on the drawing. "What about you, Edward? What's your passion?" Edward wasn't sure how to answer. There wasn't much he felt passionate about lately. "I'm a writer. I freelance, mostly for sports and outdoor magazines. It gives me time to work on my…other writing." Bella stopped packing up her easel and peered at Edward with interest. "Your 'other writing'? What kind of writing is that?" "Well, it's nothing really. Just a novel I'm working on. I'm stuck at the moment, and came here hoping it might clear my head, but..." Edward looked away, uncomfortable with confessing his failure. "It can't be 'nothing' if it's what you love. Ah, the creative process. It can't be forced, as I'm sure you know. You'll get past it." Bella's earnest words almost made Edward believe it. Bella stood, her easel and supplies under her arm. "This is it, I guess. I'll be back tomorrow, if you're around and feel like company. I was thinking I'd head over to other side of the park, where the fountain is?" She watched Edward, waiting for an answer. "Okay," Edward said, without really thinking about it. "I'll see you tomorrow, Bella." Edward found himself walking home in a better mood than he'd expected. Meeting Bella had definitely been a bright spot in an otherwise dark day. They met at the park the next day, and again two days after that. Edward loved watching Bella work, but it was their conversations that he craved. Bella was so open and easy to talk to, and she had a perpetual optimism that was infectious, at least while Edward was in her company. The third time they met, Edward persuaded her to let him buy her dinner. He took her to his favorite Thai restaurant. When Bella thanked him for inviting her out, his reply was more honest than he'd intended. "You're more than welcome, Bella. Believe me, I should be thanking you. Meeting you has been the best thing to happen to me in a while." She graced him with a sweet smile. "What's got you down, Edward? I mean, I know you've been having some difficulties with your writing, but surely you've experienced that before. You've got to give it time." Edward leaned back in his chair and blew out a breath. "I don't know, Bella. This time feels different. Plus there's…I'm…I'll be forty in a few weeks." He was embarrassed to be revealing so much to Bella, who was so much younger yet so much wiser. She probably thought he was a pathetic old fool. Bella was surprised at the despair in Edward's expression. She'd taken him for maybe thirty-five, but even so, forty was hardly over the hill. She looked him over scrupulously in light of this information and didn't find him lacking in any way. In fact, he was quite handsome. "I don't understand." "Half of my life is over, Bella, and what do I have to show for it? A bunch of notebooks filled up with stuff nobody cares about reading, yet I spend my time writing more. What's the point?" Bella chose her words carefully. "But you love writing, right? I mean, it is your passion?" "Well, yeah. I mean, it's what I do. It's all I know how to do, really. It's not just my writing, though. It's everything. I've never had a really successful relationship, let alone been married. I don't even have a dog. Shouldn't there be more to life at this point? A family, a house, success? I just feel like…I'm almost forty. Where is my life going, you know?" Edward peered down at his hands, embarrassed not only at the pathetic state of his life but that he'd actually admitted to it. He sighed. "I don't know…I've always been the black sheep in my family. My brother, Emmett, followed in my father's footsteps and became a doctor. He's been married for fifteen years and has three kids. Nobody understands why I'm still alone, why I waste my time doing the things I do. Why I don't have a career , like Emmett." Bella considered his words. She quipped, "Well, seeing as I'm only twenty-six, I can't speak from personal experience, but I get what you're saying. I think you need to focus less on your age and more on just doing . You want to write? Go ahead and write. Don't worry about what other people think—write for yourself. You want a relationship? Well, that takes a little more work, but you can still have that, Edward. Nothing is off-limits to you just because of your age. And actually"—she leaned across the table and spoke in a low voice, a grin playing at her lips—"I think you're pretty sexy for forty." Edward felt the blood rush to his face. He was hot all over. "Well, that's nice of you to say, Bella, but… Christ, I've got grey hair ." Bella would have found Edward's distress comical if he wasn't so serious about it. She reached across the table and combed her fingers through the little bit of grey that peppered the dark auburn hair at his temples. "Hardly any," she scoffed. "And I think your hair is one of the sexiest things about you. That, and your glasses." Edward fingered his heavy black frames dubiously. "I was thinking of getting contacts, actually." "Oh, no! The glasses are much sexier. Trust me." Bella winked. She was enjoying getting Edward flustered, and she was still processing the fact that she found herself attracted to him. Edward went home that night feeling marginally better about his upcoming birthday, and wondering if Bella really thought he was sexy or if she had simply been trying to raise his spirits. Over the next several weeks, Edward and Bella spent more and more time together. They met at the park, where Bella would paint or draw. Edward found that his writing came a bit easier on these days, and his heart felt a bit lighter. On rainy days they explored museums and galleries. They shared a mutual love of bookstores, and learned one another's favorite authors and books. Edward had asked her out to dinner several times, although he never characterized their dinners as dates. He knew he was falling for Bella, but found it impossible to believe someone as young and vivacious as her would want someone like him. Bella was sweet and giving and kind, but since their first dinner together, she'd given no hint that she was interested in anything more than friendship with him, so Edward resolved to keep his feelings to himself in order to preserve their friendship. One night as they were leaving the park, Bella seemed uncharacteristically shy. She turned to Edward after they'd walked a few blocks. "Come home with me. I'll make us dinner." Such simple words, but they made Edward's stomach flip. Come home with me. He smiled, tamping down his desire to pull Bella into his arms and press his lips to hers. "Okay." Bella was a natural in the kitchen. She quickly cut up vegetables and chicken for a stir fry, while Edward sat at her small table watching in awe. She had been rather quiet as she worked. Suddenly, she laid down her knife and smiled impishly at Edward. "I have something to tell you. I was going to wait, but…I got a call from a gallery downtown. They're interested in putting on a show of my paintings!" Edward knew that Bella's real passion lay in the large-scale, abstract canvasses she painted in her small studio. This would be her first show, and he was thrilled and excited for her, though a small part of him burned with jealousy that her dreams were coming to fruition while his remained elusive. He pushed those thoughts away, ashamed. "That's amazing, Bella. I'm so happy for you." Edward's smile was