A new Hermione/Fred Weasley story - intended three shot. An AU in which Fred Weasley lives and Hermione and Ron never quite get their act together. It was over, finally, seven years of Harry fighting for his life and her and Ron being along for the ride was finally over. Voldemort was dead, they were alive, and it finally felt like they were free. They had lost friends and they had lost family – Remus, Tonks. They had nearly lost Fred. If Lee Jordan hadn't appeared and knocked him out of the way of that crumbling wall he would have been crushed. He and Percy still had scars from the debris, but they were alive, and the Weasley family came out of the final battle intact and closer than they had been in years past. Harry and Ron had taken off when all was said and done. Sick of the press and the cameras and the invasion of what little privacy they had they had packed their bags said goodbye and taken off around Europe. Hermione couldn't blame them, nor did she really want to go with them. She knew they needed the time to sort their relationship out, to be brothers again. And in all honesty, it gave her time to deconstruct her relationship with Ron. Years of will they, and when will they had given both of them expectations of where they would be but besides that adrenaline fueled kiss during the battle both had been too hesitant to take it further. Sometimes she wondered if she was ready for all a relationship with Ron would entail. They would fight and argue like they had always done, and she wasn't sure if she could handle that after the chaos that had been recent years. So as Harry and Ron left to find themselves, Hermione went back to Hogwarts for her NEWTS, with a handful of her former year mates – Draco Malfoy surprisingly included – and experienced what was the first relatively normal year of her Hogwarts career. No deadly puzzles, or giant snakes, murderous animagus. No Dark Lord rising trying to kill them all. No, it was just Head Girl, homework, and peaceful weekends out by the lake. She and Ginny had been out there most weekends, Hermione a comfort for the younger girl as she waited for Harry to come home, and Ginny feminine companionship that Hermione had been missing for years. When Harry had come home, Hermione was the first person Ginny asked for advice on what she should do next. "Love him, Gin," she had said over a bottle of fire whiskey in Hermione's small Diagon Alley apartment. "Love him like you didn't have the chance last time and let him love you too. But don't let him off too easily, he needs to stew for a few days, maybe even a week." Okay, so the two of them had been a little bit more than drunk, but Ginny had surprisingly taken her advice and the two were finally happily. And that brought Hermione to where she was now – packing up her desk after a long day at work about to head to the Leaky for a night out with her friends. She briefly thought about begging off, it had been a long day and her boss had been persnickety, and all she really wanted was a hot cup of tea, her book and Crookshanks at her feet. But they would never let her get away with it. Ron and Harry both would be at her apartment in minutes bemoaning the lack of time they had spent together as if the last seven years hadn't been enough. No, she thought, it was easier to meet them for a few hours, leave early, and head home and hole up for the rest of the weekend. Sighing, she collected her bag, checked that her papers were locked away, and headed out to the main hall ready for a floo. It was late, and most everyone had gone home, so she was surprised to see Anthony Goldstein coming out of the elevator across from hers. He smiled at her and waved, calling out hello. "Hey, Anthony," she said, falling into step beside him. "See I'm not the only one working the long hours," he said genially, nudging her. Hermione rolled her eyes. "Pervins dumped a pile of paperwork on me last minute. Thought I'd better get it done than be greeted by it on a Monday morning." Anthony nodded in understanding. "I've heard he can be a bit of a hard arse." "Maybe so," she shrugged. "But getting in good with him sets me up for him on my side when I start to draft some legislation." Anthony looked at her from the corner of his eye and smirked. "Would have thought a war hero would be able to skip all the departmental politics." "I'd rather people make the right choice based on conscious rather than my reputation," she said simply. "A noble choice, pure Gryffindor." Hermione smiled lightly, it seemed they would never escape the markers of their houses, even after the trouble that had been caused. "Are you heading out to anywhere special then?" Anthony asked. Hermione nodded. "I'm meeting Harry and Ron at the Leaky. They said something about a few people getting together, you could come if you wanted?" she said, "Invite Terry, Michael, whoever if you wanted to." They arrived at an empty floo and Anthony turned to face her. "Funnily enough, I'm on my way there too. Meeting Terry and Michael. Ladies first?" Smiling, Hermione moved past him and grabbed a handful of the green powder. Throwing it into the grate she called out, "Leaky Cauldron," and stepped into the flames. There was the brief feeling of heat and a pull around her navel, and then she was speeding through the network and spilling out into the crowded pub. Remembering Anthony behind her, she swiftly moved out of his path and brushed herself off. A moment later, Anthony appeared, much more graceful than herself and moved to stand with her. Glancing around he nodded to a table in the corner where Hermione could see Michael Corner and Terry Boot chatting and glancing over in their direction. "I better get over there," Anthony said. "It was good to see you, Hermione," he smiled at her widely. "You too, Anthony," she replied, waving goodbye. When he had gone off she looked around herself, surprised to have not at least heard her friends. Despite the din, they were usually quite a rowdy bunch. "Hermione!" Ah, there it was, she thought. Ron was nearly standing on top of a chair waving to her across the room. Typical, the thought. He had a half empty pint glass in his hand and the pink in his cheeks told her he had had a few to drink already. Shaking her head she approached him and hugged him quickly. "What time did you get here?" "Was that Goldstein you came with?" he asked her with narrowed eyes, ignoring her question. "We left work at the same time," she explained, moving to sit beside him. Harry was across the table with his arm on the back of Ginny's chair. Neville was beside her, looking like he had matched Ron drink for drink, the rest of the seats at their table empty. "The twins and Lee are at the bar," Harry explained. "Hi Hermione, thought you'd gone home and forgotten all about us." Ginny smacked him in the shoulder. "It's been busy at work," Hermione explained, shrugging off her outer robe. She was one of the few who wore muggle clothing under her robes, which while more popular amongst the younger generation, was sometimes out of place amongst her department co-workers. "Hermione," Ron said, leaning on her shoulder. "Are you seeing Goldstein?" Blushing Hermione stammered out a denial. "Honestly, Ronald. We both work at the ministry, we were heading to the same place." "Have you got a boyfriend Granger?" Fred Weasley came sauntering up behind her, drinks in hand. He leaned over her and placed one in front of her. "Never thought I'd see the day." "Shut up, Fred." "I'm not Fred, I'm George." Hermione rolled her eyes. She wouldn't be fooled, she knew exactly which of the twins was which, even if she could never really explain why. "Can't pull the wool over your eyes, can I love?" he laughed and took a seat on the other side of Neville. Still looking at her he pointed his chin over in the direction of the former Ravenclaw's. "Still, Goldstein. Not a bad catch," he said, taking a deep drink. "Could be worse. You could have ended up with Ronniekins over here." The pink in Ron's face turned a dangerous shade of red. Hermione placed a placating hand on his arm. "Even worse, there's you," she sniped. She had been here for less than ten minutes and already she was feeling agitated and itchy. Fred always seemed to be able to do that to her, even when they were in Hogwarts and she was trying her hardest to curb his more dangerous ideas, he had known which buttons to push. Perhaps sensing her frayed nerves, Harry drew her attention with a question about the work she had been doing, which developed into a conversation about one of his recent cases. It did its job, Ron was joining in, forgetting his brother's jibe, and the other Weasley was sufficiently distracted by his twin and Lee Jordan returning to the table with more drinks. Even so, she could feel his eyes on her, and the smirk on his face. Ginny looked at her knowingly and winked as Harry and Ron rambled on. Scowling, Hermione lifted her drink and took a deep sip, nearly finishing half the glass. "Another one, Granger?" Fred was standing and looking between her and the now nearly empty glass expectantly. Nodding, she stood and followed him through the crowds, his broad shoulders doing a much better job of creating a path than her much smaller frame would have done. He pulled her next to him at the bar and signaled to the barman, who lifted a hand in acknowledgement. "So why is it I only ever see you when my brother and soon to be brother-in-law guilt you into coming out?" Fred was now leaning back against the wooden counter, elbows propping him up lazily. Hermione's heart fluttered a little at his haphazard smile. It brought out the dimple in his right cheek and she could have sworn that his eyes sparkled just a little. "Work's been busy," she explained. "I don't get out till gone seven most nights, and when I do get out any earlier I usually go straight to sleep." Fred frowned at her. "Come on, Granger, you're twenty-one years old, you should have more of a life than that." "I'll have time for that when I've built up some solid relationships in the office." "Careful there, Granger," Fred said dangerously, customary smirk replacing what was a smile. "You sound a bit like the Percy of old." "Oh shut up, Fred," she frowned. "Just order would you." Four drinks later and Hermione was feeling significantly lighter than she had done in recent weeks. It was gone midnight when the group decided to call it a night, all in a chipper state. Neville was the first to go, closely followed by Harry and Ginny, who took one look at a dozing Ron and declared that someone would have to be in charge of getting him home. Sighing, and resigned to one of her least favourite jobs, Hermione was stopped from volunteering by Fred gently squeezing her thigh. "Georgie, take him back to the shop, would you? He can pass out on the couch." "Oh yeah, and what are you going to do?" his twin asked him suspiciously, glancing between Fred and Hermione, and raising his eyebrows at