Chapter 1: Deadly Nightmares This is the rewrite story of "Not Every Story Has a Happy Ending" I have lived with the Cullen's all my life; they raised me from birth after my parents died only a few hours after. They had a tragic love story, that being the only end for a vampire's relationship. There is no such thing as eternal life, only a prolonged one. In a vampires case it will always end in murder or suicide. Their end to happiness was a result of myself. My father Charlie was a well-known and respected vampire. He traveled the world for centuries, consistently making acquaintances with everyone he met. He was a distinguished member in the supernatural community; being known for having more then one ability. It immediately caught the interest of the Volturi, who where constantly looking to grow its power. Charlie was able to shield himself mentally, that being a great asset of self-defense. But what he was truly feared for was his ability to control fire. This made him be perceived as a major threat to anyone who crossed him. Though he was overall described as a civil man, simply wanting to live his existence in peace. Charlie's life came to a twist the night he met Renee. She was walking from a bookstore late at night; hopelessly trying to find her friends at a restaurant they were supposed to meet at. Starting to panic the more lost she got; Renee made the mistake taking the alley way trying to cut back toward a main road. This singled her out as a perfect target for a group of men nearby, with horrid intentions. Her screams and a light smell of blood are what attracted Charlie to investigate. Renee's torn clothes were barley hanging off her body. It was only as the first man began to mount himself on top of her did Charlie reach them. He was raised in a time where women were well respected, and men like these were given the justice of death. Not an ounce of regret crossed his mind while ripping their throats out; not even bothering with their 'tainted' blood. Renee was in hysterics; not being able to comprehend so much that had happened to her in a matter of minutes. Rather than running away screaming, she clung to the man whom she thought as her savior. This started Charlie's infatuation with her mind. A connection had been lit between them, and soon neither could bare to be apart for to long. Even after Renee learned the truth about what he was, she embraced their differences. After only a year they proclaimed themselves mates to both their worlds. Like with any normal relationship they explored their emotions through sex. Though were caught by surprise when Renee grew deathly ill, from a pregnancy know one thought was possible. A relationship between a human and vampire was rare but not unheard of; they were the first couple to ever conceive a life. I can still remember her voice, as she told me the story every night while I listened from her belly. The faster I grew, the weaker Renee became. Charlie pleaded with her to get an abortion up until the day I was born. Deep down knowing she would not survive. In her mind that was not an option, she loved me from the moment she knew. Immediately putting her life second. Within three months after conception I was born. It was a gruesome birth; I had chewed and clawed my way out of her stomach, killing what little life was left in her. Leaving Charlie helpless to save his wife. Since Charlie could not live in a world without my mother he went to the Volturi. Knowing they would not willingly kill him; Charlie went into a human feeding frenzy inside their great city of Volturria. This city being their sanctuary, no hunting was allowed within the walls. Before the killings hardly began, Charlie was taken to the three kings and dealt with swiftly. By a sharp rip of his neck, and absorbed himself within his own flames. Though always leaving the question as to whether the kings knew of my existence. Just before he ran off to Volturria, the Cullen's had found us. They had been living in the same area as my parents and Dr. Cullen was actively trying to help Renee throughout her pregnancy. They tried to persuade Charlie against his plans, to live for his daughters' sake. And told them he did not considered me as his child; only a creature that destroyed the thing he loved most. He had tried to burn me with his power; to end my life before his own, only to find I had a natural repellent to the source. By the time the Cullen's reached us I was sitting in a bundle of flames that seemed to have know effect on me. Charlie then agreed to let me be the Cullen's problem. Rosalie was crying out with joy to see know harm had come to me. Other then the cry's that came from the uncomfortable heat, and the lack of comfort from my parent's arms, that I craved to be held in. Esme and Rose were very excited at the chance to be a mother, having had always wanted a baby of their own to raise. Within the first months of having me I grew at a rapid pace, and found I would drink a combination of blood and food, being born with a full set of teeth and small daggered like canines aching to be used. This was all 20 years ago. After Charlie's demonstration, it was obvious I obtained his ability with fire and later discovered I had also acquired his mental shield. The only ability I had of my own, were my eyes. I naturally had Renee's icy blue color, but found that they would change based on my emotions leaving me as an open book. Being only half vampire I'm still stronger and faster than the average human, but I cannot compare to full vampires strength. Making my abilities not even comparable to what I heard Charlie could do. Having the control of fire was still a serious threat by any vampire's standards. There was blood everywhere and screams filled the room; my white walls where turning red with blood slowly pouring down the sides. There I was lying in my bed unable to move, looking up into red crimson eyes with a fierce smile. I waited for them to act on whatever plan they had, waiting for them to end the intense pain coming from my head. I squeezed my eyes shut know longer being able to hold the stare, with the terrifying stranger. The attack never came; all that could be heard now was a haunting laugh that echoed throughout the room. I opened my eyes to find that the stranger was gone. This was my chance, my only chance to escape, I could not just wait for him to return, and begin whatever he had planned. I tried a feebly attempt to stand up and make a run for it. The room was spinning as the darkness began to consume my vision. Fighting the pain that seem too spread from my head to the rest of my body; I limped towards the door, just as I thought there was hope of me making it out of this hell alive. I was flung across the room, and slammed into the wall that shattered like a mirror; I could feel shards sink beneath my skins tissue. No! I knew what was happening but nothing seemed to make sense, the windows disappeared replaced by glass and my bed melted to the floor. Leaving me on the ground in an empty room with the stranger standing across it, eyes intently on me. I knew that there was no hope, and a slow death was waiting me. The unknown terror was becoming too much. Without registering any of his movements, the man was now in front of me, trapping his arms around me in a tight hold making the glass sink in further. I could not hold back the scream; this pain caused, and stopped fighting. My eyes slowly closing and gave up. Just barley hearing the stranger finally spoke in a dark growl, "Mine..." the word echoed into my mind, as I fell into endless darkness. I shot up out of my bed screaming; frantically looking my room over for any sign of the man. Once aware of my surroundings I lent my head forward, resting my elbows on my knees trying to catch my breath, and felt my body tremor from the fear. I lived in a world where I was easily overpowered and had to constantly be on the lookout. Living this way for years the stress builds and paranoia sets in. My door suddenly busted open, crumbling to the ground. With a massive Emmett standing under the doorway in its place. Causing me to jump out of bed, with an additional yelp of fear. The sound of my scream again, made him jumped into a defensive crouch. Growling deeply while surveying the room for whatever frightened me. Not understanding this time it was him. Alice, Jasper, Rosalie, Esme, and Carlisle quietly one by one came in only a moment later, curious about all the sudden commotion. Jasper's face was in a worried scowl as he stared into my eyes. He was able to feel and influence emotions, currently sensing the distress I was in. A calm wave was slowly wrapped around me; letting me take a deep breath out, I did not realize I was holding in. "Bella are you okay; what's wrong?" Emmett yelled frantically. Caging me in his arms for protection, after finding nothing classified as threatening in my room. This was not the first time I have startled them by a nightmare; but Emmett always manages to take each time just as seriously. Carlisle put his arm around Esme's waist, trying to comfort her distress. They never spoke knowing no amount of comforting words would help. It would just take time for me to rationalize my thoughts. He quietly led her out, seeing I had more than enough support in the room. I always saw them as a perfect couple; complementing one another in ways that made their perfections shine, and flaws not matter so much. You could tell they were made for each other, much like everyone else in my family. With me being the only one without a mate. Though only being 20 it wasn't exactly a dilemma in their eyes; like any parents they did not want their child to grow up. This same nightmare had been on repeat every time I went to sleep for the past two weeks. It was not always in the same place, or involved me getting hurt in the same way. But the stranger with glowing red eyes was always there, and before I woke up he would speak once only saying, "Mine..." The realistic possibility of something like this happening would freak me out so much to where I felt sick, day or night. I knew this terror was branching off the fear of the Volturi finding out about me. My family always told me they would not allow me to live my existence as anything other than a participant in the guard. At anytime there was a chance in the Volturi sending someone to obtain me, even if it meant hurting the Cullen's. This family meant everything to me, without them I would have never survived. Even avoiding their close friend for years, to ensure no one would figure out what I was, and risking exposer. Changing their lives just so I would remain safe. Carlisle had told me about the Volturi from the day I was born and why it's so important for me to stay hidden. Explaining why