She had been home in District 12 now for...actually, she didn't know how long she had been home. Each day since Haymitch brought her home, she had become more and more withdrawn. Greasy Sae would come to her house in the Victor's Village to take care of her. Cook her meals, clean her house, make sure she took a shower and changed her clothes. Haymitch even came over every day to check up on her. But the more time passed, the more withdrawn she came. Bit by bit, Katniss was losing herself. Losing any reason to go on living. It started out as small things. Not taking a shower for a day or two. Or staying in bed till lunch time. Or even not talking when Sae came by and made her dinner. But as each day passed, it became worse. Katniss stopped speaking all together. She stopped eating. She stopped showering. She would stay in bed all day, and if she did decide to get up, she would sit in the rocking chair, staring at the wall. Sae couldn't get through to her, and as hard as he tried, Haymitch couldn't get through to her. He wanted to call Dr. Aurelius, but he knew what would happen. They would take her away, put her in a hospital. Maybe in another district, or worse, take her to The Capitol. He couldn't do that to her. Haymitch knew the only one who could ever get through to her, would be Peeta. But he knew what was happening to Peeta. He wasn't getting much better himself. He wasn't the same. Snow had made sure of that. He tried talking to Katniss, telling her that he would be back. But Katniss was gone. She was lost somewhere inside her own mind, and she wasn't coming out. Katniss wanted out. She wanted out of her life. Out of this world. She would stare out into her house all day, only to go to sleep to dream of fire, mutts, blood, and her family and friends screaming for her to help. She just wanted this to end. She missed Peeta. She couldn't ever let herself think about him, because her heart would ache for him. Her boy with the bread. Her dandelion of hope. He was gone. He was never coming back. She didn't mean to fall in love with him, but she did. She tried to remember that exact moment she fell in love. Ever since her father had died, and she swore to herself that she would never fall in love, get married and start a family. She had in bedded that so far into her brain, that she didn't know she was in love until it was to late, and Peeta was gone. Was it in the second arena, when she realized that she needed him? Or on the Victory tour, when the only peaceful night sleeps she got, was when he would hold her in his arms? Or was it when she first kissed him in the caves? No. It was when he threw her the bread. But she was to young to notice. Then by the time the Hunger Games happened, she was so stubborn, she never saw it. Love. She loved him. And she ruined it. She pushed him away. She left him to get captured, and tortured, and in the end, she lost him. She didn't deserve to live. She deserved to die. "It's good to see you boy." Haymitch said, as Peeta got off the train, and hugged him. He loved Peeta. Like a son. And a best friend. He couldn't be more happier to have him home. "Welcome home." he said. Peeta pulled back and looked at him. "It's good to be back Haymitch." Peeta said. He looked around a little, as Haymitch started walking with him. Patting him on the back. He knew what Peeta was looking. Or who he was looking for. "She didn't come." Peeta said. "I'm afraid not. But don't take it personal. She's not doing to well. She's been on her own for five months now. You know she doesn't know how to take care of herself." Haymitch said. Peeta looked at him, like he was trying to figure out exactly what he has just said. "But she knows how to hunt. She can feed herself. She was taking care of her sister and mom after her dad died. Right?" Peeta asked. Haymitch didn't know how to answer that. Peeta had his memories so warped, that he questioned everything. "She did. But Katniss isn't the same since she came back. I want you to be prepared. She hasn't talked in almost three months, she stopped eating a month ago. I've gotten her to drink, but that's not easy anymore. She lays in bed all day." Haymitch said. He didn't want to sugar coat anything, or hide anything from him. He deserved better. He deserved to always be told the truth. He deserved to be treated like a man. He didn't deserve this. "Well I can help. We can do this." Peeta said. Haymitch nodded, and they started walking towards the Victor's Village. Haymitch purposely took the longer way, not wanting Peeta to see where his families Bakery used to be. He knew he wasn't ready for that. They got to Katniss' house, and Haymitch stopped on the steps. "You go on in there boy. Let her see you. I hope you can help her. I can't keep talking to Aurelius for her. He's wants to talk to her, and if she doesn't answer, he's gonna come and see her. He'll take her away if she doesn't snap out of this. If he takes her..." Haymitch trailed off. "If he takes her, she'll never get better." Peeta said. Haymitch nodded. Peeta turned on his feet, and opened the door. He could see Katniss sitting in the rocking chair. He had waited five months to see her again. He knew he loved her. He thought about nothing but her the whole time he was in The Capitol, being pumped full of every drug known to man, trying to heal his mind. "I'm so sorry Peeta." Katniss cried. Peeta was startled from hearing her voice. She couldn't have known he was here. "Please forgive me." she cried, and slumped a little. He heard her drop something. He walked carefully into the room, and what he saw, would haunt him forever. He closed his eyes. Not another flashback. "HAYMITCH!" Peeta screamed. What he saw couldn't be real. Haymitch burst in, and Peeta looked at him. Focus on Katniss. He looked back over, and ran over to her, just in time to catch her as she fell out of the chair. "NOOOO!" Peeta screamed. Katniss had slit her wrists with a pair of scissors that he vaguely remembered her mother keeping in a drawer. "No Katniss please look at me." Peeta cried, slapping her face. He was already covered in her blood. He closed his eyes, trying to shake any shiny thoughts away from him. Katniss needed him. She wasn't a mutt. She was just Katniss. Haymitch ran for towels to put them over her wrists to try and stop the bleeding. But they were soon soaked with blood. He knew this wasn't going to help. "Please Katniss wake up. Keep your eyes open." Peeta cried. Katniss was thin, and pale in his arms. She opened her eyes, and looked right up at him. "Why did you do this?" Peeta cried. "Because I can't...live without you." she whispered. "But I'm right here." Peeta cried. "Don't you dare die on me Katniss. I have fought to hard to keep you alive damn it!" Haymitch yelled, squeezing her wrists tighter. "I need Prim." Katniss whispered. Peeta cried harder. "She was on fire...she needs me...I need to save her." Katniss whispered. "No Katniss please. She's gone Katniss. She's not in pain anymore. But I'm here. And I need you. I can't live without you." Peeta said. After all they went through. Shiny memories or not, her knew he loved her, even if he couldn't feel it. But he was crying was he not? He must feel something? Katniss stared at him, like she just now realized he was there. "Peeta?" she asked. Peeta sobbed louder. "I'm right here Katniss. Just hold on please. Don't let go." Peeta said. He felt Katniss starting to shake, and her eyes were closing, and then...there was nothing. "Katniss!" Peeta yelled and shook her.. But he knew. He just knew. She was dead. Katniss Everdeen was a survivor. She had survived starvation, two Hunger Games, and a war. But now she was dead, in his arms. Katniss gasped for air. Where was she? She looked all around. How the hell did she get into the woods? "Hello Katniss." someone said. Katniss stopped in her tracks. She knew that voice. She turned around, and saw her father. More handsome than ever, in his hunting clothes. She had really done it. She really did end her life. And now she was reunited with her father. Katniss ran to him and threw her arms around his neck and sobbed. Boy did she sob. She let go every tear she never shed for her father dying. For having to be to sole provider for her sister and mother. For starving. For not getting to be a normal teenager. For Prim's name being picked, and her taking Prim's place in the Games. For not being able to save Rue. For killing Glimmer, Marvel, Cato, and the girl from District 4. For watching everyone else like Thresh and Foxface die. For being forced to kiss a boy in front of the whole world. For not being able to love him like she wanted. For not wanting to be in love or have a family. For her nightmares. For the pain she caused her District. For the Victory Tour. For Snow threatening her family. For hurting Peeta. For Peeta losing his leg. For not doing what Snow told her, and causing all the Victor's to be reaped again. For the man in District 11 whistling Rue's song. For losing Mags, Wiress, Seeder and Chaff. The Morphlings. For killing Gloss. For all the other Victor's dying. For the others getting captured and tortured. For hurting Gale. For not forgiving her mother. For losing Cinna. For Peeta watching Portia die. For Madge dying. For District 12 being bombed. For Darius becoming an Avox, and then being killed. For Johanna being afraid of water. For Annie losing Finnick. For Finnick dying. For Annie having to raise their son without Finnick. For Boggs dying. For Prim dying. For not saving her baby sister. For losing Peeta. Losing Peeta to Snow. For Peeta being tortured and losing his memory. For not telling Peeta she loved him. For not realizing it sooner. For dying in Peeta's arms. She finally let it all go, and cried. "It's alright now Katniss." her father soothed. She hadn't felt his arms around her since she was a young girl. A time when she could depend on someone. That she could lean on. A place where she felt safe. "I'm not the only man in your life who's held you like this, and you've felt safe." her father said. She hadn't voiced that out loud. "I know what your thinking. And you felt like this with Peeta. But you got so used to building that wall up around you, that you never let yourself feel safe. Feel loved." he said. Katniss pulled back, and looked at him. "Am I really seeing you? Are you really here?" Katniss asked. Her father smiled. "Yes your really seeing me. And yes I'm really here." he said, smiling at her, holding her cheek. Katniss looked around. "Where's Prim. I have to see her. And Finnick and Cinna. Rue. Where are they?" Katniss asked. He placed his hands on her shoulders. "There not here anymore Katniss. But