Author's Note: This is an idea from one of my favorite readers, Believinginmenow. I'm deciding to make this into a two-shot, featuring scenes of 'firsts' with Seth and Alicia in their high school days. :D This story also features Leah and Jacob, connected from my other story, Obsessed! To the people who were fans of Sudden Misery, or even if you're 100% new to the thought of Seth and Alicia, I hope you enjoy! (: Seth cringed as he watched Leah and Jacob make out on the locker beside his. It was only the first week of school, yet they were already voted the couple of the year. They had been dating since the beginning of time, and nothing could break them apart. Not that Seth wanted to; it just grossed him out to see his older sister in heat. Even though he was 16 and Leah was only 18, that two year gap held dozens of experiences for Leah that Seth wouldn't even think to have any idea about. "Could you guys find somewhere else to openly express you PDA?" Seth asked, switching out his History book for his English folder. Leah chuckled and pecked Jacob once more before grabbing her bag from the ground. "Such a crybaby," she joked, pecking Seth's cheek. He wiped away her lip gloss and rolled his eyes as she trotted away. Jacob nudged his shoulder, turning toward his own locker. "When you're a Senior like us, you'll be doing the same thing," Jacob encouraged, searching through his messy locker. "Making out in front of the entire hallway," Seth said, sitting on the thought. Jacob raised his eyebrows before his attention went to something else. His lips parted, and his pupils widened. "I've always wanted a black girlfriend," Jacob said in awe. Seth followed his gaze until he laid eyes on one of the most gorgeous human beings that he had ever set eyes on. She was crouching down by a locker a few feet away from them, her long legs shining marvelously. She had a beautiful caramel skin tone, with a curvaceous body that girls would kill for. She turned her head in their direction briefly, smiling a bit when she caught sight of the love stricken guys. She turned back toward her locker, and Seth swallowed thickly. Those eyes . Those lips . That smile. She was so beautiful ; that's the only way Seth could describe her. Jacob snapped his fingers, and Seth felt as if he had been pulled out of a daydream. He cleared his throat and slammed his locker shut. Jacob was eying him with mischief, a cunning smirk on his face. " No way . She'd never even look twice at me," Seth said, making a move to head toward his next class. Jacob stopped him, giving him a questioning stare. "Seriously? Seth, you're not as awkward looking as you think you are. You didn't think that I noticed those girls checking you out?" Jacob asked, chuckling under his breath. Seth narrowed his eyes. "Really? When?" he wondered. Jacob groaned before his eyes widened again. "Dude, she's coming this way," he said in a hurry. "What am I supposed to- "Just turn around- "Jake, she's not gonna- "Just turn the fuck around- Seth turned on his heel, watching as she made her way toward them. Her eyes lingered on Seth, a smirk gracing her full, pink lips. As he smiled back, he felt his dimples pop out. As she passed them, Seth could smell the scent of her delicious perfume. "Now, was that so hard?" Jacob asked as Seth turned back to face him. Seth couldn't wipe the smile off of his face even if he wanted to. "It felt like some shit from a movie," he admitted, laughing shortly afterward. "Gorgeous girl whom I've never seen before happens to smile at me as she passes by, we have sex a few times, she falls in love and boom! We're married with kids." Jacob cocked his head to the side as the bell sounded above them. "Right," he said, dragging the word out. He patted Seth on his shoulder and hurried to his next class. Seth did the same, knowing that his English teacher would kill him if he was late for class again. … Seth sat next to the most annoying son a bitch in the classroom, Hector Lopez. He was going on and on about how he won the argument in Debate Class against Seth on the first day of school. Seth wished that he cared about it, but he couldn't find it in him to. Suddenly, the same scent of perfume that Seth smelled only an hour earlier came drifting back into his nostrils. He looked over at Hector, and noticed the admiration in his eyes. He looked in front of him, and saw the same gorgeous female standing over by Lois, who happened to be Hector's girlfriend. Lois was eyeing her with envy, but attempting to play it off. She was showing her the schedule for cheerleading tryouts, sizing her up as she spoke. "Great! I did a lot of cheerleading at my old school; I'm pretty excited about it this year," the girl said, smiling widely. Mmm. Her voice . "Alright, I'll see you at tryouts… what'd you say your name was again?" Lois asked, causing one of her friends to snicker. The girl narrowed her eyes a bit. "Alicia," she said, smiling a bit. "And you said yours was… uh… Luis?" Seth laughed out, causing Alicia, Hector and Lois to look in his direction. Alicia grinned, while Hector and Lois glared. His face burned with embarrassment as he turned away from them. "It's Lois," she whispered, an ounce of hatred in her eyes. Alicia nodded, and shrugged. "Oops," she said, turning away from her. Alicia locked eyes with Seth, whose face was still beet red. "And you are?" she asked softly. "Uh, I'm Seth," he managed to get out. He wasn't exactly a pro at talking to girls. She nodded slowly, smirking lightly. "That's cute," she responded, causing his face to drain all color. Did she just compliment him? "Thanks," he breathed, lending his hand out. He prayed that his hands weren't sweaty. "It's nice to meet you, by the way." "It's nice to meet you, too," she responded. She took a seat in the desk in front of his, much to his approval. Hector was eying him suspiciously, but didn't comment on it. Seth couldn't keep himself from laughing under his breath. … A week later "Seth has a girlfriend?" Leah asked, as her, Jacob and Seth walked with their trays to the lunch table. Seth rolled his eyes as he sat down across from the two. "No," he said, groaning afterwards. Jacob laughed as he opened his carton of milk. "He has a simultaneous crush," Jacob corrected. "It's not simultaneous," Seth complained, digging into his fruit cup. Leah narrowed her eyes. "What are you trying to say?" she wondered. Seth shrugged his shoulders, avoiding eye contact. "She's been sitting in front of me for a week now, and we've barely exchanged five words. All she does is smile at me with those sexy dimples," he said, his face burning at the mention of her dimples; they were even deeper than his. "Maybe she's waiting on you to say something to her? " Leah said, as if it were obvious. Seth sighed heavily, his eyes shifting through the cafeteria. He looked over at the salad bar, and rested his eyes on Alicia; she was debating on whether or not she wanted something from the table. "There she is," Seth said quietly, watching as Jacob and Leah looked in her direction. Leah smiled cheekily, tossing her apple at Seth's chest. "She's pretty! If you don't ask her out soon, you'll lose your chance," she warned. Seth groaned again, louder this time. "So you suggest that I just go up to her and say 'hey, I sit behind you in class. Wanna go out?'" he asked. Jacob and Leah looked to each other before nodding. "Yeah, pretty much," Jacob said, devouring his burger. "Unless, you know, you don't have it in you." "Oh, don't tease him," Leah said, pushing his shoulder. "You know he's way too scared to even approach a pretty girl." In a way, Leah was teasing him as well. Seth didn't like the thought of being the target of a joke, so he stood to his feet. "Oh, really?" he threatened, glancing in Alicia's direction; she was currently paying for her salad. Leah and Jacob smirked at him, knowing in their hearts that he was bluffing. "Oh, sit down," Leah said, dismissing him. She turned to Jacob, starting a new conversation. Seth mustered up all of his confidence before striding toward Alicia. Leah and Jacob turned to him, shocked at what he was about to do. "Here goes nothing," he mumbled before coming up to stand behind her. He swallowed thickly before tapping her shoulder. She turned around to face him, a light smile forming on her face. "Oh, hey," she greeted, turning around swiftly to give the lunch lady her money. Seth took a deep breath before she turned back around to face him. "Hey," he responded, licking his dry lips. "Look, I was wondering if… you know… you'd like to, uh, you know- "Go out?" she asked, raising her eyebrows. "No," he said quickly, causing her to narrow her eyes. He cursed himself mentally. "I mean, yeah, of course. Sure! I'd love to." She giggled lightly, playing with the ends of her long hair. "It's a date then," she winked, turning to walk away from him. His lips parted, and his eyes widened a bit. Had he heard her right? "Woah," he breathed, making his way over to the lunch table. Jacob and Leah were eying him with curiosity as he sat across from them. "I know rejection hurts," Leah began, her face full of sympathy. "She didn't reject me," Seth quickly interrupted. Leah's face lit up as she slapped Jacob's arm excitedly. He glared over at her, finishing his milk. "She didn't?" she asked, her voice full of surprise; it was beginning to annoy Seth. "No, she didn't. Her exact words were it's a date, then. I take that as a yes," he said matter-of-factly. "That's so cute. Congrats," she said, finally digging into her food. Jacob made thrusts into the air, causing Seth to widen his eyes. He shook his head quickly, gagging internally at the possibility of him doing that to his sister. He had no idea. … Date Night Destination: the movies Seth and Alicia walked through the double doors of the cinema, glancing around at the animated lights that decorated the building. The scent of butter and cotton candy tickled their taste buds as they headed for the concession stand. "What would you like to watch?" Seth asked, turning to face her. She shrugged as she browsed the pictures on the wall. "Something scary," she finally said, her eyes resting on his nervous face. She smiled a bit and nudged his shoulder with her own. "Think you'll be able to protect me?" "The question is, can you protect me ?" he responded. She laughed loudly, yet he was being completely serious; scary movies weren't exactly his favorite. "Let's make a deal. I'll hold you if you hold me," she said, stopping in front of the popcorn machine. Seth smirked, holding his hand out. "Deal," he agreed, staring into her chestnut eyes. She shook hands with him, blushing at the contact. He sighed heavily, dreading the fact that he'd have to pull his hand away soon. "Would you two like butter on your popcorn?" the impatient man asked, staring at the two with a bewildered look. Alicia quickly pulled her hand away and glanced at the menu. "Uh, yeah, sure," she said, looking to Seth for assurance. He nodded, giving her a slight