Author's Note: Cato's POV. This was stuck in my head and I needed to get it out, so here it is. Reviews are appreciated, I promise I don't throw knives! ;) PS, this is not canon to the books. Born To Die, the extended novel version of this story, and Cato and Clove's POV of the entire Games is up now. If you don't want to know how Born To Die ends, don't read this story! Enjoy! x There's a humming in the restless summer air And we're slipping off the course that we prepared But in all chaos, there is calculation Dropping glasses just to hear them break You've been drinking like the world was gonna end, it didn't Took a shiner from the fist of your best friend, go figure It's clear that someone's gotta go We mean it, but I promise we're not mean As I walk through the hoards of people toward the center of the Square, I can feel someone watching me. Of course someone's watching you, dumbass. Thousands of people are watching you. I banish the thought from my head as quickly as it came, but the uneasiness I feel remains. Yes, people are watching me. Just as they have for the past six years. It's hard to miss us. Hundreds of children, dressed in black as we walk solemnly from the front gates of our Training Center to the center of town where the Reaping is held every year. I take a quick glance to the side, noting that nearly everybody is staring at us with wide eyes, bowing their heads slightly as we pass. A silent gesture of thanks. As much as they fear us, they owe the lives of their children to us. And for that, they are eternally grateful. I feel something brush against my elbow as I make my way to the check-in table. Turning around, I see no one. The realization hits me and I smile to myself as I look down. Sure enough, it's Clove. She's fifteen, but hardly looks it. Barely skimming five feet tall, she's not much bigger than she was the day she and her sister arrived at the Training Center. The day I knew I would never look at another girl the same way. "What are you doing here?" I whisper. My voice comes off a little harsh, but I don't mean it. She knows that. "I just wanted to tell you good luck, that's all." she shrugs. I laugh, loosening up. "You did. Last night. Many times as I recall." Clove rolls her eyes and pushes my arm, "I won't see you for a few weeks. I'll miss you." My Clove, she's so confident in my return. I am as well, but it is as if she has never doubted my victory in the 74th Annual Hunger Games. Not even for a moment. I'd like to say the same for myself, but I have considered the possibility that there may be someone in the arena who can defeat me. The idea is ludicrous, really. I am the strongest in the Training Center. I was chosen for these Games by the time I was fifteen. No one has defeated me, ever. What threat could the other districts pose? District 2 has the most victors, and an extremely organized system to train its future tributes. That combined with the fact that my one and only weakness will be safe here at home, the others are no match for me. I pull Clove closer to my side, and as discreetly as possible, lean down to kiss the top of her head. "I'll miss you so much. Everything I do in there, is for you. For us. You are my reason to fight." Clove says nothing. But she doesn't have to. I know she knows. I release her from my tight grip as we approach the table. There will be a bruise there, no doubt. All the better. It will give her something to remember me by. Not that she needs any more reminders. Her wrists, thighs, and collarbone are covered in bruises and bite marks. She has left her mark on me as well, if the deep claw marks on my back are any evidence. I reach the front of the line and hold my index finger out to the Peacekeeper, not so much as blinking as she takes my blood. "Cato Rovati, Male, 18." The Peacekeeper stupidly announces, as if I had suddenly forgotten my own name. I would have been struggling to figure that out for hours, thank you. I laugh to myself though I wouldn't dare say it. Not here. Not today. I step away from the line, locking eyes with Clove before I turn away. I make my way to the front with the other eighteen year olds. Not surprisingly, they all clear a path for me as I arrive, and I take my place in the front, closest to the stage. Those who train with me in the Training Center know that this is my year, that I will be the one going to the Capitol. Those who don't wouldn't dare stand in my way after seeing the identification tags around my neck. The stage is empty and the clock reads 1:45. Fifteen minutes to go. I narrow my eyes at the clock, willing it to move faster. I just want to get this over with. The sooner I am on the train to the Capitol, the sooner I can win the Games and return home. "Ready for your moment of glory?" I recognize the annoyingly high pitched voice before I even bother to see who it's owner is. "Cassia, my moment of glory will be when I finally get to send my sword through your heart before they declare me the winner. That is, if someone else doesn't kill you first." Surprisingly, Cassia has enough intelligence to keep her mouth shut. Compared to spending the next week with my sad excuse for a district partner, the arena is nothing. Cassia has always wanted me. Ever since the day we both arrived to the Training Center as twelve year olds, she followed me around like a lost puppy. But I didn't want her then, and I especially didn't want her after I met Clove. But Cassia never quite got over her crush, and has hated Clove ever since. Every year, the past victors choose two trainees to compete in that year's Games. Only the strongest, smartest, and most cunning are chosen. Most of the time, these are eighteen year old Trainees, like myself and Cassia. But there have been exceptions. I glance up to check the clock, and my eyes lock with Audrina's. Clove's older sister, and my mentor and best friend. Her sad brown eyes remind me all too well of those exceptions. She gives me an encouraging smile as she takes her seat among the other twenty three District 2 victors. Five minutes to go. As my eyes scan the crowd for Clove, it occurs to me that if we were really looking for the strongest, smartest and most cunning trainee, she would be going into the arena with me. Clove could defeat Cassia blindfolded with one hand tied behind her back, even with the massive height and weight difference. But Audrina and Enobaria would never let that happen. Not again. My thoughts are interrupted as Panem's anthem starts to blare through the speakers, bringing me back to reality. The mayor steps forward and begins to tell the long and incredibly redundant story of how the nation was built, followed by the equally boring Treaty of Treason. I tune them out entirely as I brace myself for what I must do. Knowing very well that this could be the last time I see my home. I may be confident in my abilities, maybe even a little arrogant, but I am not stupid. And I have seen far to many Games to know that while the odds may appear to be in my favor, that is not always the case. Finally, the mayor finishes his long winded speech, and introduces our District's escort, Seraphina. Obnoxious as ever, Seraphina flips her impossibly long and shiny black hair over her shoulder and reaches into the boys' Reaping bowl, stabbing a small slip of paper with her razor sharp, pointed nails. Nothing new there. "Cato Rovati," Seraphina calls out, scanning the crowd. My heart drops to my stomach. Surely I didn't hear that right. "How convenient," Cassia snarls, her voice dripping with contempt. I look up and meet Audrina's eyes, filled with a mixture of confusion and utter terror. Enobaria nods, and I make my way to the stage, more than a little shaken. I compose myself by the time I reach the podium, but there are still a million thoughts spinning in my head. Why did she call me? What are the chances of that? I know my name is in there seven times, but out of thousands? I vaguely hear Seraphina ask for volunteers. Of course no one does. They know who I am. They know where I came from. They knew this would be the outcome regardless. Seraphina gestures for me to move aside as she struts to the second Reaping bowl. I snap out of my daze and force myself to concentrate. I turn around to find Audrina. She is almost directly behind me, her eyes wide with fear, muttering unintelligible words. Enobaria is behind her, her hands wrapped tightly around Audrina's shoulders. I turn my attention back to Seraphina, but not before catching Audrina's words. "Something's wrong. This isn't right. It's happening again." She's mumbling the phrases over and over, each time getting louder despite Enobaria's efforts to calm her. What does she mean, this isn't right? Seraphina reaches her claw-like nail into the girls' Reaping bowl, stabbing a slip of paper dramatically before bringing it closer to her eyes. "Clove Prescott," she calls out. And I swear my heart stops. Delicate in every way but one, the swordplay God knows we like archaic kinds of fun, the old way Chance is the only game I play with, baby We let our battles choose us And the cry goes out They lose their minds for us, and how it plays out Now we're in the ring, and we're coming for blood You could try and take us, but we're the gladiators Everyone a rager, but secretly they're saviors Glory and gore go hand in hand, that's why we're making headlines You could try and take us, but victory's contagious "Now hold on. Some of you may already be declining my invitation. But this is no ordinary feast. Each of you needs something desperately." Clove rolls her eyes as Claudius Templesmith's voice booms across the arena. I can already tell what she's thinking: We don't. "Each of you will find something in a backpack marked with your district number, at the Cornucopia at dawn. Think hard about refusing to show up. For some of you, this will be your last chance." I open my mouth in protest, but Clove stops me. "No. Absolutely not. We don't need anything, it's a trap." She stubbornly returns to roasting the rabbit she caught. I regret teasing her for spending an afternoon at the survival stations during training, she's the only reason we haven't starved to death since The Girl on Fire blew up our supplies. Our sponsors have been less than generous. If we even have any. "Clove," I start, but she violently shakes her head, as if trying to shake my voice from her head. The arena is taking it's toll on her. It hasn't been a treat for me either, but I'm better at hiding it. Seeing Clove fall apart is breaking me. I kneel down next to the small fire, and try again, "We don't need anything else to survive. You're right. But they do. And we need