The thunder boomed overhead, once again. Drenched, cold and utterly miserable, the young man with a thin face, hooked nose and icy black eyes wondered why he had been summoned here, on a lonely cliff overlooking Godric's Hollow, of all places. The Lord works in mysterious ways , he reminded himself, and forcibly clamped down on all doubts arising, like stirring worms in the darkness of his heart. He had capital news to give to his Lord; news that would greatly please his Lord and lead him to rooting out the only possibility of a great enemy-news that would see the young man rise in glory and power through the hordes that served the Lord. He would no longer be laughed at, or hated at sight, or snubbed due to his heritage. He was a master at potions in his own right, and he knew well that he was a superior duellist than most in his Lord's hordes. But he had one great weapon stored away for any near and far crisis-the weapon he had prepared to be used in his moments of great danger, a weapon forged in tears and humiliation and anger and hatred-the weapon to guard his mind and hoodwink any who wished to access the thoughts playing around in it. However, he dared not test that against his Lord-he had no wishes to experiment on something that might lead to a long and arduous death-for his Lord was not quick to give a clean death to those he deemed traitors. The young man stumbled on, and slipped twice, but managed to finally kneel at the feet of another man standing on the cliff, looking out like a scout over the village that the cliff heralded. Thunder flashed overhead, and in the momentary light, Severus Snape saw his Lord. A bald head, inhuman, bloodless, chalk white, with blood-red lips and hollow cheeks. But what made the face perhaps crueller was the eyes-which were in direct contrast with the view the face presented. The eyes were brown, and deceptively warm; eyes that promised warm treatment and friendliness, and were serene-but when you looked into those eyes, you could feel that something lurking underneath-something hidden away-something which is not friendly, something which warns you and you want to turn back, but you cannot, because you convince yourself that it was just a trick of the light, and that eyes so warm cannot have anything cruel hidden underneath it. It is then that you commit your greatest mistake; for you trust, and to the person with those warm eyes, there is no greater sacrilege than to trust him. Trust him, and you will appear weak to him, and he may give you a clean kill. Mistrust him, and you will appear strong to him, and he would certainly burn down your family, your reputation, your world, before slaughtering you, and he would enjoy every bit of it. "Arise, Severus." The man said simply. Severus arose, and the man inclined his bald head towards the village spread out before them. "Beautiful, isn't it?" He said, quite pleasantly. "My Lord." Severus simply said. "You are obedient, Severus. Do you know yet, why you have been called over here, in this stormy night, on a stony cliff overlooking a village that hates the Dark Arts?" "I don't know, My Lord." The man smiled, a deadly smile. "So that I can give you a good lesson in thunder, Severus. Come here." He motioned with his hand, towards the cliff edge, and Severus inched reluctantly towards there. When they were standing side by side on the cliff edge, the man said, "You see the steep incline of the cliff? Let us say, for example, we throw you from this cliff. You would fall for, say, eight minutes? Hmm, you see, I can try hitting you with a Crucio, but since that particular beloved spell takes a bit of concentration, you can say that about seven of them can hit you for a minute. But if I choose the bone-breaker, then I can chuck them at you for say-ten per minute? So that means I have eighty bone-breakers to break the bones of your body while you fall-a human body has about two and a half times that number of bones, right? Hmm, so if I manage to hit the joints-I can see myself gaining a fair hit ratio in the eight minutes. The rest, I'm afraid, the fall would do." His right hand clamped on Severus's collar, and he pulled the younger man. It is only then Severus saw the hard muscle of the hand and the thickness of it-he had no doubts now that his Lord could break him in two with just his hands if he so wanted. Severus was dragged back like a doll, and deposited on the cliff surface. The man sat in front of him, and smiled, a dazzling smile. "Or else," he spoke, "you can simply tell me what you heard today at the Hog's Head, as our esteemed Professor Dumbledore, the Headmaster of Hogwarts, interviewed a supposed claimer for the post of the Professor of Divination-going under the name of Sybill Trelawney, who, quite surprisingly, was accepted for the post, I must admit. So, Severus," his voice grew dangerous, "tell me the prophecy you heard. It doesn't take a genius to add up the facts." "Yes, My Lord," Severus said, "Dumbledore had nearly given up on the whole farce of the interview, when that woman, Trelawney's face went catatonic-I mean, I did not have any idea whether she retained any sanity. I cannot fully quote to you whatever she said, but paraphrasing her, she declared to Dumbledore that at the end of September, a boy shall be born to those who had defied you thrice, and that he would have power you would never know-he shall be your destroyer, and then she said-she said-" Severus searched his memory-" Neither can live while the other survives. " He finished. The older man stared at him for a moment, then rose, and walked to the edge of the cliff. He stared at the village of Godric's Hollow, and looked like he was trying to remember something very hard and entirely unpalatable to him. He sighed, and closed his eyes once. When he opened them, all traces of warmth in them had gone. They were terrifyingly blank, devoid of all expression. He turned to Severus. "Do you want to come watch me killing the Potters, Severus?" Then he surveyed the younger man's face as triumph at giving a vastly important news to his Lord turned to that of abject horror- how curious , he thought, Severus of all people having a soft spot for the Potters . "My-My Lord, spare the woman, please! Spare the mother!" Severus yelled, half-crazed. The older man raised an eyebrow, and smirked. "Desiring married women, Severus? Tut, tut. Not a very prime example of our society, are you? But then, what shall I do with prime examples, Severus? Hmm, you can have her as a reward after my work is finished. This woman must be something to you, eh Severus? To still desire her even after her association with the Potters-and what an association had that been-bearing a Potter child! My, my, Severus!" Severus shot to his feet. "I love Lily Evans." He whispered. The older man did not let go of his smirk. "Unfortunately for you, Severus, she's Lily Potter now. However, let's see if she wants to do die as a Potter or rather would live as an Evans. In any event," the older man's gaze sharpened-"I'm sampling her first, Severus. You understand how unfair it would be if I didn't. You do understand how I cannot let anyone of my followers be poisoned by what they desire, so I wholeheartedly desire them to achieve their desire, but must have to sample it first. I'll leave her alright for you, Severus-don't worry-you aren't worrying, are you, Severus? You're not-being upset, are you, dear Severus?" he approached Severus with a glint in his eyes, as a thin, deadly wand appeared from within the folds of his robes in his hand. Severus' deadly pale face became even paler, and he instinctively took a foot back, till his brain suddenly struck upon a saving fact, and he said, "Wait, My Lord, you forgot!" "I did?" there was genuine wonder in the older man's voice. "Yes!" Severus said, "It is not only the Potters-the Longbottoms too-they defied you thrice, too! It could be their boy too!" The older man arched his eyebrows, and contemplated Severus a moment, then smiled. "You must really love Lily Evans, Severus." He smirked. "You have hit upon a good point, and for that, I congratulate you, Severus. Yes, the Longbottoms are there too-and they too have a child approaching. I would wait, Severus. I have all the time in the world to wait and pick the option that's best. Both are purebloods, you see-and I would hate to destroy both such well-bred lines-root out the weeds, maybe? Oh, that won't do for you, Severus, will it? Crucio!" The curse hit Severus, and he writhed on the surface of the cliff, under the rain as thunder again flashed ahead. The older man kneeled and brought his lips near to the ear of the writhing man. Dim, through the haze of absolute pain, Severus Snape heard, "Oh, I will wait, Severus. I won't kill anyone today. I will wait instead. But when the time comes, be sure, that I will make Lily Evans scream her soul out before I finish her. You saved the lives of quite a few today-and I will wait and see what this turns out to be. Finish your screams, Severus, rest a while, and be at the meeting tomorrow. Lord Voldemort will have his fun as he wills it, be it today, or sometime later. Have a good night, Severus." The crack of the appration went unheard by the sobbing Severus. (line break) "We're all done for." The greying man in torn robes whispered to his partner as he desperately deflected a spell. His partner was not doing so well. Sturgis Podmore was not a Master duellist, but he was no pushover, though he certainly appeared to be so now. He was surrounded completely, seven Death Eaters blocking all exits out of the forest clearing, and he had only a rapidly tiring Elphias Doge trying to protect his back. It had been an hour since Podmore had not been able to cast any offensive spells; there was just no time . From the moment the first man had fallen, they had concentrated on defending themselves, and that had been their undoing. The Death Eaters had kept up the barrage of spells, and alternated with Unforgivables that Doge and Podmore had to avoid; there was no help coming, and Fabian Prewett was dead at their feet, while Dedalus Diggle was barely hanging onto both his life and left arm, which was slowly decomposing into dust. Sturgis felt the barrage of offensive spells halt for a moment; he immediately took the chance and shot an Incarcerous , but the spell did not seem to do anything. How could they? For Elphias Doge knew that there was only one magical weapon, only one spell against the ten hooded, wraith-like, rasping, foul creatures gliding towards them. He closed his eyes as he felt the all-too familiar chill and the bone-deep feeling of absolute despair. "Elphias!" Podmore shoved him. "C'mon, help me! Cast the spell with me-mine cannot drive them off fully!" Elphias raised a tired eye and looked at the wraith gliding towards them. Death. Decay. Despair. A whole string of fucking D's . No use fighting anymore. The Dark Lord's already won. We're just the bad penny that keeps turning up and one day he'll just melt us in his abominable fires instead of chucking us away. Why protect the magical world? It