Kimberlite Manson - 18 - District Two T (violence, might be a little graphic but not bad) My platform clicks into place and I survey the land around me, scrutinizing the gray, dead-looking bush. That will be good for fires. They look like they light up easy. To my left about 15 meters stands Flint, my district partner and cousin. His coal black hair sparkles in the sun, and I see his body tense up, ready to run. The count down is at 30 seconds still, so I look around for the rest of my allies. Shimmer is a few tributes to my left; she gives me a confident smile and a wink, jerking her head to the left. I look over and see Glow, the other District One tribute, staring at me pointedly. Once he manages to get my attention he looks pointedly to the cornucopia, where I see a beautiful set of dual swords perched royally at the very top of the pile. My eyes narrow and a victorious smile plays on my lips. The timer is down to four seconds. I copy Flint and go into a crouch. Three. My shoulders are tensed up, my fingernails clawing anxiously at the knees of my loose tan cargo pants. Two. My legs ache to take off running. I'm not the best long distance runner here, that's for sure, but my body was built for sprinting. One. My mind wipes itself of all thoughts other than getting to the top of that pile of supplies. My ears shut off, until all I hear is complete silence. The gong goes off, I feel it vibrate through my body, and then I'm off. My body is leaning forward, my toes digging into the loose, slightly sandy soil, propelling me forward. I see Flint at my side from the corner of my eye, keeping watch for any tributes who might come at me. We reach the bottom of the supplies and I spring forward, clutching onto a crate with my nimble fingers. "Go, Kim, get up there quick!" I hear Flint shout below me. I keep up my climb without turning to look at him, but I know he's fighting off some other tribute. The grunts below me are unmistakably his. With one last great leap, my fingers hook around the very tip of the handles and drag them down. Spinning quickly, I drop to a crouch on my box. I'm a few meters off the ground, watching the tops of everyone's heads as they bob and weave, trying to gather supplies without getting killed. Flint stabs a large boy at the base of the pile right in the stomach and he falls, but a girl is running up behind him and he hasn't seen her yet. My eyes narrow as I hone in. She's inches away from plunging a spear into my district partner's back when I leap. My feet collide with her shoulders, slamming her into the ground. She lets out a puff of breath, but no other noise can escape her before my swords scissor into her neck, ending her life. "Thanks," Flint yells to me as he takes off after a little girl headed away from the cornucopia. I whip around and see a massive boy coming at me with a sword in his hands. I shouldn't be, but I'm surprised. I trained for eleven years to expect the worst and to never be caught off-guard, and yet here I am. He's drawing back the sword, preparing to swing it right at my head, when suddenly he screams in pain. I look around to see Glow has taken off the other tribute's hand with his axe. He's panting and preparing for another swing at the boy when his prey is stolen from him by Shimmer. She leaps into the air and slams into the boy's back, driving her knife in to keep herself on top of him. He lets out a roar of pain and falls to the ground, Shimmer still on top of him. She removes her knife, grabs a handful of his hair to lift his head off the ground, and slits his throat before leaping up once more. Grinning at me, she salutes with two fingers before taking off again, her blonde ponytail swinging behind her. There are only a handful of tributes left in the area, and most of them are in combat. I see the tributes from district three and four fall to the ground at the hands of my allies and a tribute I don't know. Deciding on her as my next target, I tighten my grip on my swords and take off toward her. She finishes off the district four girl with a deadly blow the the head with a rock and turns to see me racing toward her. I'm a ways away, and she has enough time to start running. There's nothing on her back and I wish I had thought to grab a knife; she would be dead already. The win rushes through my ears as I sprint after her. My long sleeved shirt is weighing me down and I'd much rather strip down to the tight tank top below, but there isn't time. The girl stumbles and it encourages me. A smile crosses my lips as she looses ground. We're getting farther and farther away from the cornucopia now, and I feel a little uncomfortable so far away from my group. But this girl is harmless, she's alone and unarmed as far as I can tell. In front of us is what looks like a dropoff; not huge, maybe only a meter or two, but I definitely want to catch the girl before we reach it. Lucky me, she stupidly turns around to look at me as she runs, which slows her down. My toes dig deeper into the dry soil and I know I'm close enough now to catch her. Leaping forward, my arms lock around her hips and I tackle her to the ground. She screams out a name I don't recognize but I ignore her. The blood is pounding in my ears. I flip her over onto her back and pin her down. She's screaming and writhing, flailing her arms at me wildly. I awkwardly punch her jaw and her hands fly to it, allowing me to grab them and place my knees on her hands so they can no longer hit me. The girl is hyperventilating, but she manages to scream out that name again. From behind me I hear my own name being called from multiple sources, but I don't turn. I don't have time. Before I know what's happening, I've been tackled myself, thrown backwards onto the ground. I skid through the dirt and the breath gets knocked out of me. Above my face looms a pale, brown haired boy who I recognize as District Nine's. He's bearing down on me, teeth gritted and eyed screwed up. He draws back a hand and sinks it into my stomach, putting an immense amount of force behind it. I gasp for air as the pain shoots through me. From elsewhere above me I hear yelling, and I think it's close. Trying to throw the massive boy off of me results in a punch to my arm, bending my elbow in a way elbows aren't supposed to bend. Even more pain shoots through me but I refuse to give up. My eyes are watering but I bare my teeth and lunge at his exposed neck. I manage to grab a tiny amount of skin and latch on, biting down hard. The boy pulls away in surprise and I push my head to the ground at the same time. It's revolting, but I find I have a chunk of his skin in my mouth. I spit it out, gagging, but it got the job done. Or at least partially. The boy sits up, his legs still pinning me down, and puts his hand to his neck. His fingers come away red and he positively spits with rage. His fist draws back to punch me again, but before he can do anything else an arrow slices into his skin, right into his chest. He looks down at it for a moment before another one pierces his stomach and he collapses on top of me. I struggle under his weight, but I'm no match. Then two sets of hands grab onto his shoulders and our combined effort succeeds in lifting his torso enough for me to wriggle out. Panting, Flint pulls me roughly to my feet and protectively puts his arm sound me. I lean into his shoulder, exhausted. Shimmer puts a hand on my cheek, which is surprising because she's not been one for human contact thus far, but she pulls it away and I see blood. "Is that mine?" I question dumbly, putting my own fingers against my cheek as well. "She got away," growls Glow from his position on the cliff edge. His bow is loaded and pointed into the distance, but his muscles are relaxed. He puts the arrow away and slings the bow over his shoulder before turning back to me. "You alright, Diamonds?" he asks, using my nickname. My name comes from a type of rock that often holds diamonds, hence the nickname. It was originally given to me by Flint when we were children, and I guess our allies took to it, even though Flint had to explain it to them at first. Not being from District Two, they don't really know their rocks. "Yeah, I'm fine, no worries," I say with a little smile, my breath finally catching up to me. "How many kills did you guys get?" "Two," say Shimmer and Glow at the same time. "I got three," Flint says proudly, removing his arm from me to ruffle his hair the way he does when he's pleased with himself, "and I think you got one, right?" I nod at him, frowning. I was supposed to be the secret weapon. Dual swords are my specialty, and they're incredibly rare in the Games. No one would see it coming. And I had failed. There was a reason I was the lead and Flint was my cover. I had got the higher training score, I had impressed the Capitol with my "disguised" ruthlessness. I was supposed to take point. And I had only managed one measley kill. To be completely honest, I was disappointed with myself. "Come on," I grumble, "we better move so they can collect the bodies." As we treck back to the cornucopia to set up camp, the canon starts to fire, signifying the official end of the blood bath. One, two, three.. Twelve shots in all are fired, and I'm cheered at the thought that half the competition is already gone. We set up the camp with minimal small talk, choosing to pitch the three one-man tents directly in front of the cornucopia. Shimmer takes first watch, armed with a belt of knives strapped to her waist while she twirled another two in her hands. I dream of one of my fondest memories, a day many years ago when my little sister, Shale, was born. I was furious that my parents were trying to replace me, but when the doctor asked if I wanted to hold the newborn I was too shy to say now. He handed five year old me the little bundle of yellow blankets and I looked into the round pink face of my sister, and felt nothing. She was born to replace me in my parents' hearts. I wanted nothing to do with her. And then she grabbed my finger. That tiny little hand was the most adorable thing I'd ever seen in my life. Just like that, I was sold. The sweetest little girl in the world won my heart at less than one day old. I wake up to noises of struggle