Here's my new story! I welcome anyone who has crossed over from Torn, and any new readers who have decided to take this ride with me. I assure you, this story is much lighter and easy going than my last. It's an Emmett and Rose tale, with a little Edward and Bella thrown in. Written solely for the fun of it. All human/ out of character. Name of the town is not mentioned, so it can take place where ever the reader chooses. I don't own any of the characters, they belong to Stephenie Meyer. Hope you like it! xo A 1. Rose stared out the bay window as the moving trucks drove past her house and pulled into the driveway next door. She was on vacation, and the day had proven to be quite boring so far. She was reduced to gawking out the window. Her roommates Mike and Lauren were back in their home towns, visiting family, so she was left alone. Another three trucks passed by, which now put the total up to six. They must have a lot of stuff for six moving trucks, she thought. But why would anyone want to move here? As far as Rose was concerned, her town was the most boring place to live on the planet. There was never anything to do unless you left town and drove into the city, hence the reason she was sitting at home. Her car was in the shop, which left her stranded on the first day of her vacation. Her black lab pawed at her leg and whined pathetically. "No Jake, not now," she ruffled his ears and turned back to the window. Jake snorted and walked into the kitchen. He trotted back in a few seconds later with his leash in his mouth. He dropped it on the ground and barked at Rose. "I said no, Jacob," Rose rested her elbows on the windowsill and her chin in her hands. Jacob jumped up on the couch next to her and shoved his snout under her arm. He gazed up at her with his big brown eyes. "All right. You win. I'll take you for a walk," she sighed, standing up. She picked up his leash off the floor and hooked it onto his collar. "Gives me an excuse to be nosy with the new neighbors." She grabbed her keys and sunglasses off the end table and walked out the front door. She barely had time to lock it before Jake was yanking her toward the street. He turned to go their usual route, but Rose pulled him in the other direction. "This way, Jake. I want to see what's going on," She said to the dog as she headed toward the neighbor's house. They walked slowly past the trucks, and Rose stared at one of the movers. He was young, or at least looked it, and very muscular. He wasn't half bad looking either. She raised her sunglasses off her face and rested them on top of her head to get a better look at him. Jacob stopped and sniffed the air. He growled low in his throat. "No Jacob. Leave him alone," Rose scolded. She continued to stare as she walked by. The dog pulled at his leash, still growling at the mover. The mover stopped to look at the dog, then continued toward the open door to the house. The worn leather leash finally gave way and snapped in Rose's hand. Jake, realizing his sudden freedom, made a beeline for the mover, barking and growling the whole way. The mover jumped at the sight of the oncoming animal and started backing up slowly. "Oh Jesus," Rose muttered. "JACOB! NO!" She shouted and took off after him. The mover stopped at hearing the dog's name and looked at Rose quizzically. "Look out!" she warned. The mover turned back just in time to see Jake take a flying leap and land on top of him, knocking him to the ground. The dog stood on the mover's chest and sniffed his face, still growling at him. Rose finally caught up and grabbed Jake's collar. She pulled him off the mover. "I'm so sorry about that!" She apologized and ordered Jake to sit. He obediently complied and gazed up at his owner, happily swishing his tail on the ground. "He's very wary of people he doesn't know." "It's okay," the mover responded. Rose offered him a hand and helped him to his feet. "Thanks." He smiled as he dusted off his clothes. She couldn't help but notice his positively adorable dimples and the way his warm brown eyes lit up his round face. Dark brown curls peeked out from underneath the red bandana he wore on his head. His arms were enormously muscular and equally match the defined upper body that Rose could see through his plain white t-shirt. She had to bite her lip to keep from giggling at the tacky gold chain he wore around his neck. He noticed her staring, then quirked an eyebrow and smirked confidently. "So, are you helping the new people move in?" She asked. She cocked her head and narrowed her eyes in thought. He seemed oddly familiar to her. Almost too familiar. She had seen him before, but couldn't quite remember where. "You could say that," he answered, playing with the chain and staring at his hands. "Do you live around here?" "Unfortunately I do," Rose shrugged. She jerked her thumb in the direction of her house. "I live next door. Where do you call home? I certainly hope it's not here. This place is so freakin' boring it's not funny." "Actually," he chuckled, "I live here." He nodded toward the new house. Rose felt her face flush in embarrassment and licked her lips slightly. "I…um…sorry…" She mumbled remorsefully. "I… uh… thought you were one of the movers." "That was my intention. I was trying to blend in," he pretended to buff his nails on his massive chest and folded his arms, a cocky grin spreading over his face. " I don't think your cover would have lasted very long," she smiled and gave Jake a hefty scratch behind the ears. Jake woofed contentedly and leaned into her leg. "What do you mean?" he frowned. "Why not?" "Well," she motioned for Jake to stay and sauntered over. She reached her arm up and patted the glimmering chain resting just below his collar bone. "You'll never blend in with something like this hanging around your neck." "What's wrong with it?" he lightly ran his fingers over the shimmering links and furrowed his brow at her. "Oh there's nothing wrong," Rose giggled, despite the fact that it was quite possibly the gaudiest piece of jewelry she'd ever seen. "It's just that you're going to stick out when people are blinded by the glare." She mock-shielded her eyes. Realizing she was right, he tucked the offending chain inside his shirt. "Better?" he inquired and patted his chest. "Much!" She grinned. God, but he was sexy. But there was something about him that Rose couldn't quite put her finger on. Something almost too sexy. "Good!" He interrupted her thought "Now, I didn't quite catch your name…" he trailed off suggestively. "That's because I didn't tell you," She answered matter-of-factly. He laughed a little at her quick wit. She was cute…hell cute didn't even begin to cover it. She was drop dead gorgeous. He had a feeling that things were going to go quite well with her. "My name's Emmett," he said, offering a bear-sized hand. "Rosalie," she responded, slipping her hand into his and shaking it slowly. "But you can call me Rose." "Okay, Rose," he felt his heart flutter as she smiled up at him. He stared into her sparkling blue eyes and marveled at how they sat perfectly in her heart-shaped face. Her flowing blond hair fell just below her shoulders and complemented her creamy skin tone. She was tall and slim, with a killer body and long, shapely legs. "McCarty!" A voice shouting from behind him brought him out of his trance and he dropped Rose's hand. He shook his head as his friend walked up. "Stop flirting and let's get moving!" "I wasn't…she…I was just…Shut up, Edward!" Emmett growled. "Come on, Em, " Edward laughed and raked a hand through a head of messy bronze hair. "We've too much left to do for you to goof off right now." He gave Rose the once-over and smiled. "I'm Edward, by the way." "Rose," she shook his hand. She glanced around at the moving trucks and the piles of boxes. "Do you guys want some help?" "I think we've got it…hey!" Edward stumbled when Emmett rammed an elbow into his lanky friend. "We'd love the company!" Emmett grinned. "Alright," she eyed the two of them suspiciously. "Let me just run this mutt home and I'll be right back." She grabbed Jake's collar and jogged out of the yard. Emmett raised an eyebrow as he watched her depart. "Stop," Edward shoved his shoulder. "What?" Emmett snapped. "You've got that look." Edward folded his arms across his chest. "I don't know what you're talking about," Emmett scoffed. "And besides, it's not my fault we moved in next door to a hottie." "I never said it was," Edward chuckled. "And yeah, she is smoking hot," They shared a laugh, and Edward became serious again. "But don't forget what happened with Lauren." Emmett cringed at the memory. Lauren was his most recent ex-girlfriend. He had fallen for her the very first time they met. It was at a night club, so he hadn't really gotten a chance to know her. He fell head over heels based on her looks alone. After a few tumbles in the bedroom they began dating. Edward warned him time and again that she was only using him for his money, but Emmett refused to see it. She cheated, often, and Emmett always took her back. She would bat her eyelashes and convince him that she'd changed and he believed her every time. She eventually grew tired of him and broke it off, telling him she was too good for him and he was just an arrogant nobody. He grimaced as the old pain crept back into his chest. "It's not the same," he insisted. "Lauren was…was…" "A bitch? A festering whore?" Edward inserted words he felt appropriate. " Don't go there," Emmett glowered at his friend. "Emmett come on! You can't stand there and honestly tell me you still have feelings for that two-timing little gold digger!" "I said don't!" Emmett hissed. "Oh for chrissakes!" Edward threw his hands in the air. " Tell me you don't still have feelings for her." "I don't know," he shrugged and stuffed his hands in his pockets. "She used you, cheated on you, and broke your heart," Edward reminded him. "I'm aware of that, thank you." Emmett muttered "Well?" Edward folded his arms across his chest, awaiting a response from his friend. "I said I don't know Edward!" Emmett snarled. "Just leave it alone!" "You're hopeless," Edward sighed, shaking his head. Emmett balled up a fist to knock his friend in the arm, but immediately dropped it when Rose jogged up to them. She had changed into a tight black tank top and cut-off shorts and had piled her blond hair on top of her head. Emmett grinned and Edward rolled his eyes. "What?" Rose asked, looking down at herself. "Is it too much?" "Nope, not too much at all," Emmett blatantly ogled her and chuckled. Edward pursed his lips and rolled his eyes again. "Well then let's get moving, shall we?" she clapped her hands and rubbed them together. "Where do we start?" Emmett walked over to the nearest pile of luggage and handed Rose a box. She smiled sweetly and turned to lug it into the house. From there, the three of them were able to have every