Two Sex Pistols (a timeless love story) 'Another Christmas alone' Gabi thought as she turned a page in her diary. Gabi sat cross legged by the fireplace, as colors from the lights on the Christmas tree doused her peely-wally face in a splatter of neon light. Somehow this solitude didn't bother Gabi. She had come to terms with the fact that no one would be able understand the confusing darkness which is her mind. There was even a little pride in being so blatantly odd, it was like knowing a riddle that no one else could solve. Thinking this made Gabi snicker. She quickly stopped, remembering having read that "laughing while alone is a sign of insanity." But really, what could be wrong with having a little inside joke? Frankly, it would be ridiculous not to laugh at the world. Even language, if you think about it, is just people contorting their mouths making odd sounds. It's truly amazing that people can communicate concepts such as justice or equality. No wonder so much gets lost in translation. *CLIP CLOP* A bumping on the ceiling brought Gabi out of her trance. She glanced at her watch- 11:44 pm, her father and mother would be asleep. *CLIP CLOP CLIP CLOP* Gabi cocked her ear in no particular direction. It sounded unequivocally like someone or something on the roof. 'Could it be Father Christmas?' the instinctive child inside Gabi wondered. 'No, don't be ridiculous, you're 18 years old, it's probably just some snow' the more hardened Gabi chastised. *CLIP CLOP* 'Snow that walks?' 'SANTA ISN'T REAL!' 'And what if he is, are you going to pass up that opportunity to meet him? There is still a chance, no matter how slim.' 'FINE. F U.' Gabi snatched her jean jacket a size too big, and scampered out the door mumbling about why she always ends up doing "shit like this". Backing away from her house, the motion sensitive lights flickered an alien glow and her boots crunched into the snow. Not bothering to have put socks on, drebs of snow began melting into her boots. "Let's make this a quick little reconnaissance mission" Gabi grumbled, squinting up at the roof. Her house looked like a shadow against the dark blue sky, any real details, even the chimney, were obscured by snow which, incidentally, had begun to fall with increasing speed. 'Well, I can't see anything up there. Time to call it a night' Gabi thought. 'But what if it's a burglar? You should really go on the roof to check. Just to make sure.' 'If it's a burglar I sure as hell ain't going on the roof.' 'Coward.' 'I know I am!' 'Why do you always talk to yourself! Is that even normal?' Gabi thought, shuffling through the snow towards the rusty ladder which clung tenuously to the side of the house. 'If I fall at least there will be snow to break my fall,' she thought as she pulled herself up ring after ring until finally stepping out onto the sloped, triangular roof. Spreading her lanky arms and legs, Gabi hugged the roof and clambered up. Passing the chimney, Gabi balanced on the rooftop, standing at the vertex on the triangle. 'Well, I highly doubt anyone would be insane enough to go walking on the roof in a storm like this,' she lowered her voice, "the coast is clear". DING DONG! The clock struck midnight and erupted in a very loud and very sudden clang. Gabi, startled, slipped from her perch and began slowly sliding down the roof like a sickly cat descending down the wall. Hitting the brick chimney she toppled backwards head first down the chimneys black, sooty mouth. It's Christmas Eve in 1978 and the grand living room of 12 Grimmauld Place couldn't have been more empty. Not even Kreacher, the family house elf, was sulking at this hour of the night. Only in the farthest corner, nestled within an ancient armchair was a melancholy young man, sprawled out, his molton brown eyes reflecting the flames of a dying fire. As Sirius Black thought longingly of his Hogwarts family, his Marauders, all gathered at the Potters' home in merriment, the dark room he lay in suddenly felt even colder. "Merry Christmas, mates." he whispers into the darkness, closing his eyes, hoping for his 18th Christmas in Hell to end soon. KA-BOOM! A shock wave of dust rippled through Sirius' dimly lit living room, as wood ricocheted from the fireplace. A piece of debris bounced off of his head. "Bloody hell!" roars Sirius as he witnessed the carnage that his, moments ago impeccable, living room suffered. An unmoving Sirius stands at the ready, wand drawn, waiting for the dust and debris to settle down. He scanned the room for intruders, adrenaline coursing through his veins. The quiet slowly fell around him, interrupted only by a high and airy voice drifting from the dismantled fireplace singing, "I didn't ask for sunshine and I got World War 3". Shocked at this line from his favorite Sex Pistols song "Holidays in the Sun", Sirius lowers his wand and slinks towards the voice. "They're looking over the wall and they're looking at me" Sirius sings back, peering at the girl's figure through the rubble of the fireplace. Under a pile of bricks, still lying in the hearth, he sees a twiggy arm, paler than the moonlight, waving to the tune of the Sex Pistols. Immediately he starts tossing bricks off of the girl. "Hello?" she squeaks from below the rubble. "Sorry guys, I think I fell down the chimney, Stephan, is that you? Stupid, I told you you shouldn't have gone on the roof", she chastised herself. "Sorry Kitten, it's not Steph," smirks Sirius as he tosses bricks off of her, "but it's someone even better, so the ladies tell me". He grins wickedly at the dusty girl in the hearth. "It's Sirius, Sirius Black, and you? Could you be Cinderella? Santa Claus?" He winks at the blond girl in front of him. "Thank you for helping me out of your fire pit, Sirius," the girl rasps. "And it's Gabrielle, but you can call me Gabi". Sirius notices her valiant attempt at returning the wink, although it looked more like an eye twitch. A splotchy pink coated her cheeks. "Gabi", the name rolls off his tongue like honey, "the pleasure is all mine." 'Ok, I am in a stranger's house, and this Sirius Black is a little unstable if you ask me. Anyone who listens to Sex Pistols is a bit of a nut job.' 'You listen to Sex Pistols.' 'Exactly. Thanks for driving that point home.' Gabi surveyed the chimney, wondering weather climbing back up it would return her home? 'Hold on, people don't just fall down a chimney into a some rando's house. There is only one reasonable explanation. You're on LSD.' 'Well, there is a couple of problems with that theory. For one I didn't take LSD.' 'Wait a sec, there is a way of figuring out if this is a hallucination. They say that if you're dreaming, the characters have faces of people you know. That you can't fabricate a face.' Gabi thought. Gabi inspected Sirius with increased intensity. He looked so real with his lean build, chiseled facial features and shock of thick dark hair which cast a shadow over his face. But what struck Gabi most pronouncedly were his eyes. Despite the glimmer of amusement, there was a deep seeded pain. Seeing someone with such anguish gave Gabi chills. She wanted to hold Sirius in her arms and banish anything else from hurting him. Gabi's heart fluttered, 'Well, I certainly have never met anyone as interesting as him' Gabi thought, tearing her eyes away from his, and blushing at the floor. "So you're a fan of Holiday in the Sun" Sirius' low voice was soft, as to not startle the strange girl. "Yes, I had family trapped behind the Berlin Wall." Gabi chirped shifting some rubble as she stepped out of the fireplace. "You know what Kitten, sometime I feel like I'm stuck behind that iron curtain." Gabi noticed Sirius' eyes skid ever so quickly to a portrait of an old woman whose face seemed contorted in a permanent grimace. "How did they end up escaping?" Sirius asked turning his attention back to Gabi. "They didn't escape. It was only when the wall fell that they were able to come here to America." There was a pause, Sirius seemed lost for words. Gabi used this silence to peer around the room. What an interesting house it was, with a scattering of old statues, a cabinet with engravings of goblins, and jars which shimmered with strangely colored liquids. On the blackwood table Gabi spotted a newspaper with pictures that appeared to move, she stepped closer, as to get a better look, but was caught off guard by the date- "1978" she mumbled. Sirius watched as the girl's lip began twitching, the spasm spreading down her arms into her hands which vibrated curiously. "What year is it?" the strange girl whispered. Was it possible that Gabi really thought that the Berlin Wall had fallen? Did she think she was in America rather than the UK? No, in all likelihood she was probably just messing around. "Why it's 1978 of course" Sirius chuckled. THUMP the girl collapsed into the rubble in a faint. She meakly lifted her head and blond hair fell a tangle around her face. Blood was dribbling down from her lip. Gabi raised her hand to her mouth, gingerly touching the gaping hole where her tooth used to be and where blood now gushed profusely. She coughed out blood as she screeched "Hey!" Gabi pointed her finger accusingly at Sirius, "You knocked my tooth out!" Sirius twitched with the sudden loudness. "N-no I did'nt" he stuttered. "you fell on your own accord, I didn't touch you!" Gabi stared unblinkingly as she pursed her lips. "That's not how I recall it." She retorted pompously. "Here I was minding my own business until you pushed me." Sirius shook his ragged hair in disbelief "All I said was the year!" "And that is a verbal push." Sirius opened his mouth to protest but Gabi interrupted, "well aren't you going to help me find it?" Gabi asked, plunging her hand into the dirt. Sirius stared dumb-founded and then slowly bent down until his hand scraped amongst the debris. "This is a fucking needle in a haystack" Sirius muttered "What's that you're muttering about boy?" Gabi snapped "Nothing nothing" Sirius grinned, suppressing a laugh. What a strange girl this was, with snark that could rival his own. Suddenly, under his index finger Sirius felt a smooth square tooth. "Hey! I found it" Sirius held the tooth above his head and beckoned Gabi over. Gabi extracted her glasses from her breast pocket, and pushed them up the ridge of her nose with a snort. Shutting one eye, Gabi shoved the other eye so close to the tooth that her glasses bumped against the tooth's edge. "I don't remember my tooth being this yellow" Gabi grumbled. "No, I don't think it is mine" she concluded. "Are you BLOODY kidding me!" Sirius shouted "of course it's yours! Who else's would it be" "Fine. Give it here" Gabi exclaimed. Sirius leaned casually against the wall letting Gabi pluck the tooth from his hand. "Now, how to get it back in my mouth" Gabi whispered in thought. "I can help you there," Sirius reached into his pocked extracting his wand. "Look this way kitten" Sirius directed. In one swift swoop, he pointed the wand at Gabi's mouth. In a low booming voice Sirius bellowed "EPISCI". The tooth flew from Gabi's spindly fingers and snapped into place amongst her other teeth. Gabi inhaled abruptly, "How did you… what the…but my tooth...fixed...how?" Sirius saw Gabi begin to sway and reached out his arms to catch her before she fell again. However