Italics will be foreign languages spoken Non- will be when magic is used to help understand a foreign language or is just in english. Huge thank you to my buddy for inspiring this story and generally brainstorming with me for the next chapters. If you haven't checked their story i recommend A French Life. The International Venture A ringing /bang/ echoes through the crevices of the building, surrounding the area like the walls of an imposing colosseum. A young girl, kneels before the bodies of her parents lying lifelessly on the ground in front of her. A man, their killer, runs off into the night without a second glance, afraid to be caught by the enforcers of the law. Rain continues to pelt down mercilessly as if crying out for the orphan who had just seen her parents be brutally murdered by some desperate criminal whose only care was the few paper bills the dead couple were carrying that night. " Kuso (shit)" a man says gravely in a soft manner as he makes his way from behind the toddler; careful, as to not frighten the girl more. He looks over the young girl to see two bodies, both with gun shots through their hearts. He shakes his head solemnly and sends the dead parents a little prayer, he then bends down next to girl and asks in a quiet tone " daijōbudesuka (are you okay)?" The child turns and stares at him, her eyes hollows and filled with grief. Sighing, he stands up as he hears' sirens from afar. " Kowagaranaide kudasai (Don't be scared)" he says as he grabs the girl and side-long apparate's to an unknown location. The toddler is put down carefully, and she (thankfully) heaves into a nearby bush, as she was not used to apparition. The man flicks his wand in an intricate pattern and in an instant, she was able understand his words. "Are you okay little one?" the man asks in a calm and soothing tone. She nods her head, still traumatised by the events that had just occurred not two hours before. The man, who looks to be about 45, Asian with, clear skin, clean shaven, midnight black hair, and even darker coloured eyes bends down and places a hand atop the girls' head. "My name is Mori Hideyoshi (note: In Japanese culture, the surname comes before the first name.) Can you tell me yours' ?" he says smiling kindly at her, wiping away her tears and other liquids covering her face. Looking away from the man, the girl replies softly "Hermione Granger." Understanding the young toddlers fears Hideyoshi delicately holds the brunette's chin and slowly lifts Hermione's head to stare into his eyes. "You'll be alright Granger-san, I will take care of you" he tells her firmly with determination. "W-why you help?" she asks bottom lip trembling as tears begin to well up once more, her sentence a bit off but good for her age. "I felt your magic protect you from the gun shot. I arrived as fast as I could, but clearly it was not fast enough. I am sorry for your loss" he tells her solemnly a frown creeping on to his face. "M-magic?" Hermione asks in confusion as she wipes away the tears building up in her eyes. "Indeed, you are a Mahōtsukai (a witch)" he says as he gets up off the ground, and holds out his hand to her. "But mummy said witches and wizards aren't real. They're just stories" she replies, even more confused than before. Grabbing onto Hideyoshi's hand, now more comfortable after he had explained what had happened, but still slightly hesitant around the man. "Yes, well Maguru's (muggles) tend to not take very kindly to those who can perform magic. You must understand Granger-san that all fairytales have some truth and history written between their sentences unseen by its readers" Hideyoshi explains as he leads her into a small Japanese house, well-lit and homey. "Take your shoes off please." Complying with the request, Hermione tries to take off her shoes, but her tiny hands just aren't dexterous enough quite yet to perform the task on her own. Seeing her struggle, Hideyoshi bends down and unties the shoes, quickly taking it off. He stands and with another flick of the wand a towel appears, one for each of them. "The bath is being prepared as we speak, use the towel to keep yourself warm first. No point, in using a drying spell if you're going to shower anyway" he tells her in an efficient but somehow kind manner, walking further into the house, he motions for her to follow along. Scurrying after the man they make their way to a room filled with books and a low table, cushions surround the table as a kettle floats in mid-air pouring tea for the two, leaving Hermione astounded. "Wow ~" she says as she watches a samurai battle commencing in a picture on her left, and another of a geisha dancing on the right. "Please sit" the Japanese man tells her, gesturing to seat opposite him. Hermione awkwardly tries to copy Hideyoshi's seiza seating position, but as she was unused to sitting on her knees in such a way, her legs quickly became numb. The toddler's self-inflicted torture quickly ended as he told her to sit more comfortably, eyes lighting in amusement at her actions as the little girl sighed in relief. Looking around, and hearing nothing but their breathing, the toddler breaks the silence "Where is your mummy and daddy?" Smiling sadly at the young girl, Hideyoshi shakes head "I don't have a mummy or daddy." Mouth forming into a sad frown, she says more than she asks "You alone like me." "Yes" Hideyoshi says, one word conveying so much sorrow, and years of loneliness. "I don't want you to go through life alone, as I have been forced to do." She looks at him in understanding, even as a two-year-old Hermione was perceptive for her age. She had an idea of what it would mean for her now that she was an orphan. As if reading her mind Hideyoshi declares "You don't have to go to an orphanage, I can take care of you as I've said before. However, it is your choice, I shall not force you to live with me and I respect your freedom to decide despite your age. Wherever you feel you want to go, you decide." He the pauses to look up at the ceiling then looks back at her "the bath is ready, come I will tell you how to use it as we head upstairs." Hermione nods and follows him up the stairs, listening attentively as he goes through how people first used the shower to wash off any dirt or grime and then used the bathtub. He passed her a simple white shirt, and pokemon shorts. "Call me if you have any trouble okay. I'll be in the bedroom right there" he says pointing diagonally at the room with the open door. Hermione nods and heads into the bathroom shutting the door with a click. Hideyoshi stares at the door for a few seconds and heads into the bedroom, and begins pacing up and down. 'He had never taken care of a toddler before, what was he thinking?! What if Hermione drowned whilst taking a bath, oh kami-sama (god) he would be the worst parent ever, having his child drown after she had been in his care for only one and a half hours.' Pausing at the thought, Hideyoshi palms his face and harshly sighs as he sits on his bed to contemplate. Meanwhile, in the bath Hermione, sits and watches the steam rise and evaporate at she drapes herself over the side of the tub. 'To stay or to go to an orphanage/some person she didn't know'. Honestly, the choice was easy for the two-year-old (almost three). She couldn't imagine being shipped around staying with people who she didn't know, but I suppose that is a similar case with regards to Hideyoshi. The difference? He could tell her more about the strange spark that saved her from what could have been her ultimate demise. And if the flying pots, and moving pictures were anything to go by, it also meant he was very much equipped in teaching how to use magic. Hermione closes her eyes for a moment, in contemplation and drags herself out of the comfort of the warm bath, changing quickly into some clean clothes, with only minor difficulty. (She may be smart, but she was still just a toddler after all.) Using the stool nearby to help her open the door, she makes her way towards Hideyoshi's bedroom. "Umm mister, you use the bath now" she said adorably, her hand clenching the end of her shirt, unsure of what to do. Looking up from where he sat, Hideyoshi smiled at the young girl. "Yes, give me a moment to get cleaned. In the meantime, why don't you get settled in one of the bedrooms" he tells her, as he walks out of the room. Opening a door next to his. Inside was a simple and comfortable looking single bed. A desk, wardrobe and a similar low table that was found in the living room. "Will you be okay sleeping here?" he asks, looking down at her with concern. Nodding her head silently, the young toddler makes her way towards the bed and dives right under the warm sheets. Smiling at his young charge he says "if you need anything, my door will be open. Don't hesitate to wake me up, okay." "Okay ~" Hermione replies sleepily, before she drifts off into dreamland. "Goodnight" Hideyoshi says softly, switching off her bedroom lights, leaving the door half open as he softly bids her goodnight to get cleaned. Sometime around 4.20am, a door creaks open and a small dark figure enters Hideyoshi's room. Its hand reaches out in the darkness and grabs hold of the Asian man startling him awake. "What, Who, Where?!" he screams as he scans the room for any potential threats. He looks down at his arm to see a small hand gripping his wrist. Followings his gaze up the arm from the hand, he looks straight at fearful brown chocolate eyes. "Hermione, what's wrong" he says quickly getting out of bed. The toddler quickly latches onto his neck as he bends down, refusing to release him. Hodeyoshi fidgets awkwardly a bit, not use to such affection as he hugs her back and carries her, and places the young brunette on his bed. "Shh, shh its okay. I'm here its okay" he tells her rocking the girl back and forth soothingly. Hermione was sobbing on his shoulder, the small toddlers' hair more mused than it was after her bath. "We /hic/ we were walking and the bad man came, and and…" Hermione sobbed even harder, her words becoming more incoherent. Mori Hideyoshi knew more than anyone what a death of a persons loved ones could do to an adult, much less a child. He didn't push her, but he held on to the sobbing girl till the sun rose over the tree tops and the birds sang their song. It was a new day, and with it came new moments and memories. He just hoped that he could be the one to help this little girl create happier ones. When she finally stopped, he had found that the young girl had been sleeping for quite some time, the hiccupping had been from her earlier crying fit, and as Hermione blinked blearily awake; he thought to himself that 'yes, he had made the right decision.' Now it was up to Hermione to decide whether she wanted him as her new guardian/father figure. "I'm going to go make breakfast now okay" he says laying her down on the bed, as he got up to start the day. She grabs onto once