AN - PLEASE READ: First, I must warn you of a few things, so please read this in its entirety. This story is by no means a reflection of my relationship beliefs, nor is it how I live my life or even recommend others to live theirs. I got the idea for this story when I went on a dating site and was approached by a couple who wanted me to be the third member in their relationship, if you can believe that. They were both very nice people and although I turned them down flat, I became intrigued by the dynamic of such a situation. Although basis of their relationship was very real, this story is fiction; please keep that in mind. If you are sensitive to Edward and Bella being with anyone else sexually or have issues with any of the other members of the Cullen clan doing the same, DO NOT READ THIS STORY because it will no doubt piss you off. Edward, Alice, Rosalie, Emmett and Jasper are not siblings in this story, so please don't have a heart attack. This story contains lots of consensual group sex and is for entertainment purposes only. If you are under the age of 18, you are definitely not allowed to read this. This story is seriously smut-filled and not for the fainthearted so keep this in mind. Most importantly of all, I give seriously graphic descriptions, so be prepared. You've now been warned, so enter at your own risk! Summary: Successful Lawyer Edward Cullen and college student Isabella Swan both have very dark and extreme appetites for pleasure. The two meet one afternoon and the attraction is instantaneous. Certain that the other will never accept their personal lifestyle choices, they fight the almost irresistible draw to one another not realizing that they both have more in common than they realize. Disclaimer: I do not own Twilight, Stephanie Meyers has that privilege. The plot of this story is mine; I just use her characters for my own sordid pleasure. Beta'd by MarchHare5 Share and Share Alike Chapter 1 EPOV I awoke with a start, courtesy of the obnoxious sound coming from the annoying ass alarm clock. That little piece of machinery was without doubt the bane of my existence, but unfortunately I couldn't live without it. Getting out of bed first thing in the morning was hands down the worst part of my day. I had always been equipped to deal with any other daily routine with ease: the annoying clients, the lengthy courtroom appearances, even the enormous amounts of research that came with the territory of being an attorney. However, placing one foot on my freshly polished hardwood floor in the morning was torture. I slapped my hand against the snooze button in irritation. I honestly felt as if I'd only been asleep for five fucking minutes. Who knows, maybe that was the actual amount of time I was unconscious; I guess I would never know. My fatigue was largely due to the fact that I didn't get home from the office until about one o'clock in the morning, only to have to be up four hours later. It wasn't mandatory that I be at the office at such an early hour; however, I'd come to learn that the earlier I got there, the better. Otherwise, extremely late nights are inevitable, like my previous one. I dressed quickly and made my way downstairs. It was my goal to get to the office extra early today, so instead of making breakfast for myself, I just grabbed an apple and was out of my front door by 5:00 a.m. I got in my silver Volvo and sped out of my garage. During the drive, I ate my apple all the while Cee lo Green's "Fuck You" blasted in the background. Although the original title was supposed to be "Forget You," I preferred this version. It always made my mood so much brighter. Today was going to be a good day. Here in Los Angeles, there was very little traffic this early in the morning, so I didn't have the stress of being late for work on my shoulders like most individuals who worked from nine to five. I was born and raised here, and I honestly couldn't imagine living anywhere else. This was mainly due to the fabulous weather this city was blessed with. Clear skies, sunshine, and palm trees motivated and filled me with energy, while clouds, rain, or snow caused a drastic dip in my emotional well-being. If forced to I was certain that I could adapt to a different climate. However, as long as there was a law firm here that would keep me gainfully employed, this was where I would remain. The sky was still somewhat dark this early, but I could tell that there wasn't a cloud in sight. It was going to be another beautifully sunny day: my kind of day. Twenty minutes later, I pulled into the parking garage of my office building. I was usually one of the first to arrive, which was a blessing. I could get so much more done when there were no interruptions, and this was the only time that was possible. I entered the elevator and I made my way up to the thirtieth floor. The doors opened to the darkened reception area, and I quickly turned on the lights. As soon as I walked into my office and sat down in my plush leather chair, I got right to work, burying myself in research for one of my larger cases. I remained in the same position until I heard a timid knock on my office door some time later. When I lifted my head from the documents in front of me, I noticed how bright my office had become without my realizing it. I glanced at the time on my computer, and I could hardly believe that it was already nine a.m. Jesus! Where did the time go? Oh well, this was just another day in the life of Edward Cullen. "Come in," I called out as I made sure to flag where I left off. My trusty assistant walked into my office holding a stack of files, a small brown bag, and a large cup. So thrilled to see another human being after being alone for so long, I smiled brightly. "Good morning, Bree. How are you this beautiful morning?" She smiled and blushed profusely as she regarded me. She told me once that my smile was lovely and that it could quite literally light up a room. It was one of the sweetest compliments I'd ever received from a woman who didn't have some sort of ulterior motive. Bree was only twenty-five years old and had two adorable little girls named Maggie and Cindy. She got married right out of high school to her longtime boyfriend Riley. They were perfect for one another and the nicest people you'd ever want to meet. I was grateful to have in her an assistant who was both pleasant and efficient, but most importantly, she was the epitome of professionalism, and I truly appreciated that quality in her. She never once made me feel uncomfortable by making any inappropriate passes at me or staring at me like I was a piece of meat. This had happened often in the past with both male and female alike, and to say that I'd gone through my share of assistants before finding her was an understatement. I'd never understood why so many were so drawn to me because I never felt as if I were anything out of the ordinary in the looks department, but many seemed to think otherwise. Colleagues of mine often thought that due to my success I must have been difficult to work with and that was the reason why I could never keep an employee. This went on for a while until they heard the reasons for those short-lived careers in my office. Emmett found my office drama quite hilarious and pretty much told anyone who would listen. Needless to say, those unwarranted opinions of me ceased immediately. "Good morning, Mr. C. I'm good, considering that the girls were giving me a hard time when I was getting them ready for school, but of course I won in the end," she said triumphantly. "Of course you did. I would expect nothing less," I said, still smiling. "Have you been at all this long?" she asked as she gestured towards the mountains of files on my desk. "Since about five-thirty, but you know me, I like to get a head start on the research for my larger cases. You know that part takes up most of the time anyway." She walked over to my desk and placed the large cup of orange juice in front of me along with a bagel and cream cheese. "Bree, I've told you that you really don't have to bring me food every time you stop for something," I said. "And I've told you that it's not a big deal. You've been working non-stop for over three hours, so I know you're due for a bit of sustenance. Now enough about breakfast; you eat while I try and prioritize our day." Ever the efficient assistant, Bree began outlining the day and provided me with all the files I would need to go through before each appointment. As we continued going over things, my phone beeped and I realized that I had a message. "Excuse me a moment, Bree," I said as I reached over and picked up my Blackberry, glancing at the message. Good morning sunshine. I need my fix. Can you meet me at my house at lunch? R. I smiled to myself and quickly looked at my schedule to make sure I didn't have any lunch meetings. Thankfully I was free, so I'd be able to sneak away for a little while. I quickly responded. As you wish. I'll be there at noon. E Not even five seconds later, my phone beeped yet again. I'll be waiting. Just know that you're in for it today! R Jesus Christ! That woman certainly knew how to get me going, that's for sure. Not that it took much to begin with. I could already feel my body reacting to those simple words, and I forced myself to focus on work. This was not the appropriate time for this. Besides, I didn't think that my assistant would be too impressed if she discovered I had a hard-on. Even if she were single, I would never go down that road with her. It's not that she wasn't attractive, because she most certainly was; it was just a rule of mine not to date women that I worked with. Not that I've had that worry, being that I hadn't dated for well over a year. I shook off the thoughts of my personal life and focused on the tasks at hand, which helped the situation in my nether region tremendously. We eventually finished arranging things, and Bree went back to her desk with her to-do list for the day in hand. I turned my chair towards the window and looked out over the city. It was truly a spectacular view from up here. It was so clear that I could see all the way to the ocean, and it brought a smile to my face. I started thinking about my lunchtime excursion to come and I was giddy with excitement. Like I'd said earlier in the morning, today was truly going to be a very good day. BPOV Beep! Beep! Beep! Beep! "Fucking shit!" I reached over and practically snatched my alarm clock out of the wall in an attempt to silence it. Fighting the fog of sleep, I finally focused on the glowing red numbers in front of me. 7:00 a.m. I hate mornings! "Come on, Bella, it's time to get up," I moaned to