Light falls for darkness but they are separated by the abyss(*almost quite literally*) Chapter 1 Nico POV. I woke up to warmth around me like I was wrapped in an electric blanket. I slowly turn to find arms around me. Attached to these arms was one of the people I didn't mind being touched by. A light and happy smile on the face of my ridiculous boyfriend, Will Solace. As I start to remember the night we had I blushed lightly, (Stop having dirty thoughts because I can see you shaking your eyebrows up and down. I only mean it was a pleasant date. And yes, with a lot of kissing involved! *sighs dramatically and crosses arms* You can't judge me.) at the lovely time we had. Will had taken me on a moonlit stroll on the beach (I had to shadow travel us to the beach so the harpys wouldn't notice our time out after curfew) and a picnic in a candle lit clearing at the edge of the woods. He had made a spread of some of my favorite foods including ( to my surprise since he always said the place's food was poisonous) a few of my favorite McDonald's orders. After we ate we stayed out and watched a movie on a projector and a sheet (courtesy of one Leo Valdez. The projector, not the sheet) then l shadow travel us back to my cabin. At which time we passed out on my bunk, cuddling close together(OK. Fine. We might have made out for five minutes before falling asleep). As I remembered the details of last night I silently stared out the window. I heard a soft groan from behind me as Will shifted, tightening his arms around me lovingly. "Good morning my angel." he muttered softly in my ear. A small scowl wriggled onto my face as I turned to face Will. "stop being so…...so…" "adorable?" Will suggested. " I was going for annoyingly cheesy" I growled, putting on one of my milder death glares. Will chuckles softly at my scowl. "You know you love me. You can never stay mad at me." My glare intensified."Oh really. Do you want to test that theory, Solace?" "Ummmm…." He looks away uncomfortably under my intense gaze. "...No. I don't want to test that theory" I smile at his uncomfort and chuckle,"I'm only kidding Solace….. But seriously, don't call me your angel." Will looked up at me and I was surprised to see a smile not well hidden on his lips. "Fine. I won't call you my angel, Death Boy." Will smirks. "uggghhhh. I'm leaving" I yell, tearing his arms away from me and getting up. "Hey!" Will complained as the spot where our bodies had been pressed together was suddenly touched by the cold air. I stood up only for Will to grab my wrist and pull me down again. "Ugh. Let go of me!" I cried as I tried to escape my clingy boyfriend. " No! Come back! It's soooo cold in here. You should invest in a heater." I tried to pry his hands off my wrist; "I'm a son of Hades! I like the cold!" I couldn't get his hands off my wrist, so when I looked into his eyes they practically screamed 'haaa. I win'. I look into Will's eyes and smile cruelly. Will stopped smirking. "No. D-don't you dare!" I lift my right hand and wave, 'bye'. Chapter 2 Will POV I don't believe it! Nico just pulled a shadow travel on me! I've told him a hundred times no underworldly stuff when he has used too much energy. He just used it twice last night(even though that was to save us from being harpy chow) and now he goes off and does it again. i swear, next time I see him I will find a way to cloud his mind so he can't do it again. I got up and started gathering my clothes and putting them on. ( I know what you're thinking, so stop. My clothes were only on the floor because I sleep In my boxers, no other reason) After I was dressed I figured I should clean up a bit. Nico honestly hated a clean room. He figures he hangs out with the dead so much that something as simple as cleaning his room isn't that great of a responsibility. After tidying up a bit I walked to the door and went outside…. And almost got a literal knock to the face. Austin stopped himself before he could accidentally punch me in the face as he went to knock on the door. "Oh, sorry Will." "it's ok Austin. What's up?" I asked casually, or as casually as someone can who had almost been hit in the face. "Nico's not here if that's who you're looking for." "Well, actually, I was looking for you. You weren't in our cabin so I thought you would be here." He said looking a little uncomfortable. I blushed slightly in embarrassment, " Ya, Well…. So what can I do for you?" Austin scratched his head, not sure how to explain, " we got a new camper today. Grover brought him in." I waited for Austin to explain further, but the explanation never came." do you need me. It's not my turn for new camper orientation." "Well… he kinda collapsed after crossing the border into camp. We don't know what's wrong with him." Austin said sounding worried. I asked, confused," After he entered the boundaries? What would affect him from simply walking into camp. Wait, you said something about grover?" as I talked we started jogging towards the infirmary. "Yah. He brought him in. After all, Grover is one of the best protectors. He found all the strongest demigods in camp." he said, trying to catch up with me. "Wait! Is he from one of the big three?" I asked in concern. The previous children of the big three that had been brought in had had some difficulties, since they attracted more monsters than others. " You'll have to figure that out yourself. I have to go get Chiron." and like that he was running towards the big house. I walked into the infirmary and was greeted by the chaos that was the other healers, running around the infirmary, back and forth from one particular patient bed. I pushed through the throng of people and stopped at the bed with a sense of disbelief, slightly mingling with curiosity. The demigod in front of me seemed to have a purple tint to his skin, so light you had to actually focus on it to see it. His hair was about three inches long and was so black it looked to be a dark shade of purple. He was built well, with muscles protruding from tars in his clothes. He was at least 18-19 years old and had to be a good 6 feet tall. How he had survived out in the real world, I could not fathom. But the strangest sight of all was the fact that he was hovering 5 inches off the bed and looking like gravity had no effect on him. Even his clothes seemed flat to his back like he was laying on a board. I looked at the demigod's face and found his eyes open. They were almost as dark as his hair. Deep brooding purple iris's with streaks of blood red across them. His expression was straight, like he was sleeping. But those eyes. They stared right at me, as if trying to say something. By looking at those eyes something clicked into place. I clutched my head and was vaguely aware that everyone else in the infirmary were doing the same. In my head and the heads of everyone around me a message seeped into our beings. "by son of light's eye's will make, the son of darkness's lips shall break!" And we all blacked out. Chapter 3 Thomas POV I woke up this morning thinking I was going to have a great day. I was, as per usual, wrong. I got up and dressed in an orange t-shirt and boardshorts. I walked through my apartment into the kitchen. After a small breakfast I left, locking the door behind me. I got into my car and drove to school. (An ordinary day right….WRONG!) I made it to school with an hour left before school actually started. I walked over to my tree (well the tree I sit at, and because of me sitting there, nobody else ever sits there.) sit down and bring out my sketch book. I've been working on a project for my art class. I had to draw something divine and beautiful. So, of course, I went the normal route and decided to draw an angel. Of course everyone draws angels, but I went a slightly different route. I decided to draw an angel of shadows, who is lonely and misunderstood. I also drew the angel as male, since everyone else always drew the angels sex opposite to themselves. But everyone, including me drew their angel to what they wished there perfect person would be in real life.(Yes, I'm gay. Everyone knows that.) I sat there and drew for an hour until the school got crowded and the bell rang. I went to my class and sat in the back. Nobody ever sat near me so every class there was a three seat perimeter around my desk. The only person in the school that even hung out with me was Grover Underwood. A scrawny pimpled teen who already had a full on goatee. He always wore a hat, an orange camp t-shirt and pants. He had sort of a limp when he walked but I figured it was from a sprained ankle or something. At lunch Grover walked over and sat next to me. I nodded in acknowledgment, "hey Grover." "Hey Thomas. You workin' on that art project again?" he asked. "Yah. Just putting in the finishing touches." I said holding up the sketch pad. Grovers eyes widened as he looked, his face one of surprise."Oh!" I put the pad down, a little self conscious, "it's not that bad is it?" I ask a little let down. I thought it was coming along great. Grover back tracks. "Wha- Oh, no. It's fine. Really good actually!…. It's just that… that looks like someone I know. I was caught by surprise." "Oh…" That's weird. Why would my drawing look like someone Grover knew. I've never met any of his friends. Well at least he likes my drawing. But then I was hit by a thought. My perfect person was a REAL person. I was getting a little light headed, and may have blushed a little, which probably looked weird with my complexion. "Sooooooo… what's this friend like?" I ask casually, trying to hide my face by keeping it near my picture. "Oh, well. I don't know him that well, but. I guess I would describe him as sad and wanting to be alone. He's not the biggest people person, but he has a lot of friends, even if he wants them to leave him alone." Grover explained. I couldn't believe my ears. Not only was my perfect person real, he was also exactly how I saw him in my head and how I put it on paper. As I was thinking all this Grover cleared his throat, "hmm…..are you alright? You're turning purple and you're just staring at your paper." I looked up and blinked. Did he say I was turning purple? " hu, what? Oh, no, I'm fine." "Ookay. Any way, I was just saying he and his boyfriend got together when he was fifteen." My heart skipped a beat. He's also gay. I was about to have a heart attack from joy. What….. did he say boyfriend? My face must have shown what I was feeling because Grover looked uncomfortable. "So. How's your project coming