CHAPTER 1 Blue. Blue swirled with green on a canvas. Dabs of lavender interspersed here and there – perhaps accompanied by a hint of soft yellow. Add a sun the color of blood reflected on the surface. If Annie Cresta could paint the ocean, these are the colors she would use. But why paint the ocean when you can experience it firsthand, feel it slip between your fingers? Why live vicariously through brush strokes when a vast expanse of water laid before you, day in and day out? Annie lived in the ocean. Her father, Terrell Cresta, affectionately regarded her as "District Four's Resident Mermaid." Annie felt a peace beyond description when she was in the water – as if the world around her melted away, and all that remained was the water. Just Annie and the water. Simple, easy. No preoccupations or worries. She would float; allow the waves to cradle her in watery, salt-soaked swaths. Her chestnut locks swirled and stretched in all directions like octopus tentacles, clinging to the wet surface. As soon as her bare toes grazed the water, Annie was renewed. Rejuvenated. It was as if she walked about with the world on her back, holding her breath, and when she entered the ocean that weight was lifted. She could breathe again. Annie's mother, Malia, used to chide her incessantly about spending too much time swimming. She thought Annie didn't socialize enough with friends. Unfortunately, Annie didn't have any friends – at least ones that were living, anyway. The water provided sanctuary, relief from the toils that ensued in her everyday life. The water was her friend. Annie floated, meandering seamlessly on the water, not far from the shore. She thought about how pathetic that sounded – the water being her friend. But the Capitol took Annie's actual friend away from her, in the form of the 67th Hunger Games. The blade of an ax was driven mercilessly through Mercy Keller's forehead on live television, for all of Panem's entertainment. Zee Castorman, a District Seven tribute, deftly wielded the ax that demanded Mercy's end. Annie remembered bitterly how badly she longed to reach through the television screen and wring Zee's neck, choke the life out of her the way she did to Mercy. Normally she was a passive and nonviolent person, but The Hunger Games kept stealing away people she knew, and the murder of Mercy Keller proved to be the proverbial final nail in the coffin. Annie recalled watching it happen with Mercy's parents, Todric and Havana Keller, while clasping Havana's tear-stained and shaking hands. Todric was frozen where he stood, fists clenched and nerves taut. District Four seemed to fall silent. Annie frequently had nightmares consisting of Zee chasing her down with the ax – the rusted and sharp blade piercing her skin, pushing through her skull. Since then, Annie swore she would maintain a safe distance from people, extricate herself from those who qualified for the Games so as not to form attachments. She couldn't afford to develop a relationship with someone, only to have them ripped from her hands. The Games. Those were swiftly approaching, much to Annie's chagrin. The Games...Reaping Day. That was today. Suddenly, the water seemed contaminated, injected full of toxins from the outside world. They seeped, uninvited, into her world – a world free of worry and death and The Games. Everything seemed jarring, forceful...almost painful. Today she would potentially face her demise, or live to see another year. Fortunately her family didn't need to apply for tesserae this time around, which meant her name was only entered nine times, at the age of seventeen. Annie had only applied for tesserae once, when she was fifteen. That was the year her mother passed away. District Four had been subjected to quite a bit of natural disasters, monsoons being one of them. The monsoon had destroyed hundreds of homes, even killed the sea creatures, which in turn left District Four in a dilapidated and impoverished state. It was the worst poverty to hit the district since shortly after the Dark Days. While the rest of the Crestas were able to escape safely, Malia Cresta sacrificed herself for her family's lives, and was thereafter killed by the thrashing waves. After the storm, Terrell rebuilt a new home for his family. Annie took out tesserae for the four remaining members that year, which was a necessity. She couldn't help but think about her mother on Reaping Day. Malia cooked a bountiful lunch of fried fish (salmon, typically), with fried seaweed and oysters. She would dress Annie in the finest clothes she had, even putting on a dab of makeup and an intricate hairdo for the occasion. Annie felt that familiar lump formulating in her throat, threatening to suck the air from her lungs. Her eyes welled with tears, and when they could no longer be contained, they spilled down her cheeks in hot rivulets. She missed her mother more than words could express. Annie wasn't the only Cresta facing Reaping Day today. Reagan Cresta, Annie's fourteen year-old brother, would also be awaiting a possible "death sentence," as they called it. Iris Cresta, Annie's eleven year-old sister, was safe for now. Annie thought of her father, and what he must be feeling today. Ever since her mother died, Terrell seemed out of sorts. He wasn't the same father she knew as a child, roaming about the shore with wet sand clinging to her soles and seashells in her hair. He was numb, oblivious to the world around him. While he did the best he could under the circumstances, it still wasn't up to par as before. The void in his heart, where Annie's mother resided, would never be refilled. But in spite of all that he forged ahead, striving to stay strong for his three motherless children. Today would be no different. Today, Reagan and Annie would dress in their best and head to the Town Square, to brace themselves for their potential "death sentence." Or perhaps they would survive one more year. Perhaps the odds were in their favor. The real world beckoned Annie, trying to rouse her from her peaceful floating. It even had a voice – a gruff voice with uneven edges. The sound brought on a wash of familiar memories and sensations. A face materialized, correlating with the voice. Terrell. Annie's father. He was calling out to her. "Annie! Annie, time to get out! You have to get ready, otherwise we'll be late!" She knew he was right, unfortunately. Heaven forbid they weren't punctual on Reaping Day. Every year Aurora Cuffington, District Four's escort, stressed the importance of punctuality. She would always trill in that silly high-pitched Capitol accent, "To be early is to be on time, to be on time is to be late, and to be late is unacceptable!" Annie always thought that voice was ripe for nightmares beyond the mind's capabilities. The "ceremony" (only the Capitol regarded it as such) took place at two o' clock, so Annie had maybe an hour to primp herself and get out the door. She arose from the lulling waves, the wind whipping her wet locks to and fro. Her porcelain skin glistened in the early afternoon sun, the light creating diamonds on her flesh. She reluctantly trudged to shore, while glancing behind her disparagingly on occasion, watching her world fade into the horizon. The fish swam beside her, their scaly bodies grazing her calves. Annie loved everything about the beach, and just about everything to do with District Four. Their main export was fish, just as District Three's was technology, District Eleven agriculture, District Twelve coal mining, and so on. It was the only home Annie knew, as she'd never been outside the district before. Quite frankly, she had no desire to see the other districts. From what she learned in school, Four was the only district with an ocean. That was enough incentive for her to stay put. Once Annie felt the blistering hot sand between her toes, her magical realm lay far behind her. She'd left her house in such a haste that she'd forgotten her sandals; however, she much preferred going barefoot. The Cresta abode was nestled in an alcove of sorts – between another strip of beach homes and palm trees, all leading to the ocean. It was simply built, as all homes were in Four. Off-white siding, with a slate gray roof. A one-story building with small, rectangular windows. A rickety wooden fence, with faded white paint signifying weathered use, encompassed the house and yard. The Crestas had only lived there for two years, following the massive monsoon that wiped out hundreds, including Malia Cresta. A small plot of soil laid directly under the window to the left of the slate gray front door, where delicate orange roses blossomed, adding a colorful contrast to the otherwise drab house. Annie froze momentarily before unlatching the fence, eyes drinking in the sight of the flowers. The lump in her throat was preparing to make a comeback. Everything seemed to remind her of her mother today, especially the blossoms, which were Malia's favorite. Since the roses weren't native to District Four, Terrell had bartered for them in Four's own underground (or black) market, called the Vesena. It was literally underground – fortuitous, metal double doors opened to reveal descending stone steps. While Annie had never been allowed in the Vesena, her father described his experiences there. Everything could be traded and bought, from food that was shipped from other districts to herbs and medicinal properties. Most of the items were discreetly exported from neighboring districts. The Capitol was unaware of the secret trading, and if they were, they inexplicably turned a blind eye to it all. About ten years ago, when Annie was seven, the Crestas were in a financial slump. Terrell's fishing business was suffering as a result of lack of monetary compensation from customers, or they were simply fishing by their own means. Malia's herbs business (she sold medicinal and many other kinds of herbs) had also taken a blow. It was Terrell's idea to start trades in the Vesena, hoping to earn some extra money. Although Malia was adamant in her dissent, stating that black market affairs were illegal and punishable by death, Terrell reluctantly won her over. He was trading fish with a ragged and bony elderly man, when something the color of a sunset caught his eye. He turned and saw the beautiful orange blossoms, arranged in perfect rows in a frail woman's cart. Terrell approached her, hoping maybe purchasing the roses would soften Malia. The coppery-haired woman, who's face was covered in soot, flashed a toothless grin and named her price. Terrell met it, and fortunately they still had a fair amount of money left over. He presented the flowers to Annie's mother, and her eyes glittered with the onset of tears. It had been too long since she'd come in contact with something so naturally breathtaking. Beautiful things were hard to come by in District Four. She placed them in a large plastic gallon, watering them daily. They almost became a hobby of sorts. Annie watched her mother care for the roses, and witnessed the light return to her sea green eyes, as if the ocean waves were roaring with life inside them. They seemed to take years off her face – the wrinkles eradicated, the calluses on her worn hands eroded away. Annie saw the natural beauty in her mother radiate from within. Ever since then, Terrell regularly purchased the orange roses. Even after Malia's death, the Crestas arranged the blossoms in almost every nook and cranny in the house, so they could always have a piece of their mother wherever they went. Annie made her way up the cobblestone path leading to her house, but not before stopping to smell the roses. She breathed in the luscious scent as images of her mother flashed in rapid