The bed was cold again. Katniss craned his neck, and could just barely make out the shape of his younger sister, Prim moving quietly out of the room and into the kitchen. With a glance at his father's old watch, Katniss decided it was about time he got going. Slipping out of bed and past his mother's own, he crept quietly towards the old leather boots that had molded themselves to his feet, they were so old. Slipping them on, Katniss sighed in relief at the feel of the old cracked leather. Shrugging on his jacket, Katniss slipped out the front door of the rickety old house, a small smile directed at his sister and a scowl and threat at the horrible, ugly, cat his sister had named Buttercup. It was still early, the shutters were still drawn, curtains were closed, and doors were locked tight. The Seam was still void of miners this early in the morning, and those who were awake stayed inside. Katniss could understand. He understood why today mothers kept their children indoors, why today miners and working parents and children of all ages were reluctant to climb out of bed and travel outside. Why today there was an anxious air hanging depressingly over the district. The Reaping. Even that was enough to set Katniss's pace, as he ran silently towards the districts border, a useless fence that is supposed to be electrified every hour of the day, but was not. Easily slipping under the chain fence, Katniss stopped only once to grab his bow and arrows from an abandoned log. For most, it would be difficult to find his and Gale's hiding spot, a overhang shrouded with blackberry bushes and other plants, sheltered from view by large rocks. It was well-hidden from those who didn't know where to look, but it provided a perfect view of the Seam and it's people. By the time Katniss had arrived Gale was already there, the same cocky smile on his face as always. "Hey, Catnip." he greeted. Gale and Katniss looked a lot alike, like most people from the Seam did. With olive skin and their dark hair and gray eyes, they had been mistaken for brothers on many occasions. "Hey, Prim left us cheese." Katniss replied immediately, plopping down next to his hunting partner and best friend. Gale smiled, making him look as charming as always. "Thank you, Prim." he praised, hands accepting his portion of the cheese. Gale set it aside and pulled out a small loaf of bread. Katniss gasped and snatched it from his hands. "Oh no way, is this real?" he exclaimed, pushing his nose into the bread's crust. Gale smiled. "Yeah, it only cost me two squirrels too. Guess Mr. Mellark was feeling a bit sentimental today?" he laughed. Katniss chose not to comment and instead shivered in delight as the treat touched his tongue, the cheese Prim had left them melting on the still warm bread. Gale had picked a handful of blackberries and was tossing them high above his head and into his mouth. "Happy Hunger Games-" he prompted, tossing a berry at him. Katniss opened his mouth just in time to catch the berry-"And may the odds ever be in your favor." he finished, the berry exploding in his mouth with flavor. Gale's eyes drifted off towards the Seam until something caught his eye. Gale jabbed Katniss in the shoulder. "Hey, it's the baker's daughter again." he said grinning slyly at Katniss. Katniss flushed and punched Gale lightly on the shoulder before craning to see her. And there she was. Peeta Mellark, by far the prettiest girl to live in District 12 had stopped outside his door, like she did every three days by his count. Long blonde hair that streamed down her back, perfect fair skin, stunning blue eyes and a figure to match, Peeta was most definitely the apple of every man's eye in the Seam, her looks almost seeming foreign in the land of coal and dirt. Peeta knocked on the door, and immediately the door was flung open and Prim practically tackled Peeta in a hug. Even from up their overhang Katniss could see her smile down at his little sister. The laughed and talked soundlessly as she lead his sister out of the Seam and towards her family's bakery, where she took and taught Prim to bake and showed her the cakes that she had iced earlier. Prim adored Peeta, Katniss could even remember the multiple times where they would wander past the bakery window and Prim would wave at Mr. Mellark and simply gush over the cakes they couldn't afford. Gale began laughing loudly. "Geez Catnip, the way you're staring at her you'd think you're trying to stare through her clothes!" "Shut up!" _Peeta's P.O.V._ I could tell they were watching me again. Eyes followed me everywhere, like I was some foreigner from the Capitol. I don't understand, there are many girls much prettier than me, taller, fitter, that had longer necks and weren't so darn clumsy. All I knew was how to bake and ice cakes, I couldn't provide for my family, all I knew were household duties, I wasn't fit to be outside the bakery. But I did, just to see him, just for a glimpse of leather boots disappearing into the woods, a swish of a game bag, anything. I was snapped out of my thoughts by a wolf whistle from across the street. "Hey girlie, you lookin' for a good time?" the old man cackled, eyes glazed over with liquor. I could feel my neck stiffen as I unintentionally curled into myself, crossing my arms in front of me. I could understand why the man was drunk so early in the morning, it was a way people distracted themselves, drowning themselves in a brown bottle. The Reaping. It was just another way that the Capitol taught us they controlled us, to engrave fear into the bones of us and our families, because that was one of the two things the Capitol had over us; fear and The Hunger Games, their ultimate way of flaunting their power, by making twenty-four of the districts children lock in a desperate battle to win, to survive another day, to bring glory to their district once more. To show us how easily we will turn against each other for another day, another scrap of food, how easily we would slay others for glory, for an ounce of power. A small house that tilted slightly sat closely to the ground, the shutters drawn shut, as most of the houses on the street were. One knock. Two Knocks. I paused before knocking once more. It was my way of letting Prim know it was me, since Katniss was so protective of her she was only allowed to answer the door for people she knew. I could hear excited laughter long before the door was flung open, the hinges squeaking in protest. Prim tackled me in a hug almost, clinging to my waist. I smiled gently down at her, hugging her back and stroking her hair. The soft scent of soap drifted off of her and I breathed it in deeply. I had begun to think of Prim as a younger sister I never had, all my siblings being older and boys. Sometimes I wish I had been born a boy, I feel my mother wouldn't be disappointed in me, wouldn't look at me in disapproval and disgust. I shook my head to rid myself of these thoughts, today was grim enough, I shouldn't force myself to think about the more depressing things in my life. "Hello Prim, how are you?" I asked smiling gently at the younger blonde. I could tell she was going to be beautiful when she got older, she was already so pretty now. Blue eyes crinkled with the grin that split across her fair face. "Oh I'm fine, thank you! And you are?" she replied politely, her hand clasping mine as I slowly lead her out of the Seam. "Oh, I'm alright. I frosted some new cakes today down at the bakery, my father was kind enough to make an extra one that we could both frost." I informed, a small smile crossing my face briefly at her excited expression. "Peeta, your father is the best!" she giggled. Sometimes I was amazed at Prim's innocence, how she could live contentedly with her life, the only pains she knew were hunger, her father dead before she could remember. Her brother a strong man who could provide for them, and it wasn't a secret about how their mother had shut down but was slowly being revived with time. I sometimes envied the younger blonde, but it was wrong, I knew. I had more money, I dressed nicer, I was better fed, but truly I wished I was in her position. I was unhappy, and useless, just that pretty girl behind the bakery's counter, simply known as the baker's daughter. Prim squeezed my hand. "Peeta, you seem sad, is something wrong?" she frowned at me, her brow crinkling in concern. A tight smile spread across my face. "Oh, I was just thinking about the Reaping this afternoon," I lied easily. I ran a thumb across the back of her hand. "It's your first year, are you nervous?" I asked her. She was silent for a moment. "Terrified." she answered quietly. I frowned softly at the sad look on her face. "Well, let's forget about The Reaping right now, there's a cake waiting to be frosted!" I tried cheering her up. She gave me a smile and we took off, the smell of baking bread wafting across the square. We spent an hour frosting the cake, I let her do the piping and choose the design, I let her lick the icing from the whisk, I snuck her a bun from the fresh loaves. Just for today, I pampered her more than I usually would, braiding her hair back and helping her wash for The Reaping. I provided her with my first Reaping dress, though she tried denying profusely. "Oh no," she gasped, waving her hands in front of her, " You've already done so much for me!" she said, gently pushing the silky fabric back at me from across the table. I smiled. "But you'd look so pretty! I want you to look nice today!" I laughed, gently nudging the dress back at her. "Please, it would make me very happy." Reluctantly, Prim shrugged on the dress. It was a bit big on her, the back forming a little duck tail.I snapped my fingers, "Oh I know, I have the perfect thing to finish it!" I dug in my small collection of jewelry for a moment before bringing a pin out and pinning it to her chest, careful not to stick her with it. "It's a Mockingjay," I informed her, smoothing her hair,"To protect you always." Prim spun once, the dress floating around her, before grinning slyly at me. "Now I get to make you look pretty!" she giggled. I backtracked. "O-oh no, I- I mean-" I blushed furiously. Prim laughed at the red blotch spreading across my face and skipped a circle around me, "Oh come on, you want to look nice for my brother right?" she smirked. I mentally cursed my admitting of a crush on her brother, I knew she would hold it over my head for the rest of my life, and then some. I sighed. "Alright," I agreed. She squealed in delight and dove for my dresser, picking out a light blue dress that was soft and cottony to the touch and just reached my knees. I allowed her to braid my hair and brush my bangs back, weaving them with a flower, a dandelion, just behind my ears. I looked at the antique analog clock on my wall. "You better go," I warned her, "Your brother will have a