A/N: Some of the dialogue here is directly from Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix and Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince, by J.K. Rowling, as well as the accompanying movie for the Half-Blood Prince. This is part one of a two-shot. Hopefully you will enjoy reading :) Bellatrix had not felt this alive in years. Her master would be so pleased with her. She had managed to kill Sirius Black and was so very close to completing the important task her master had entrusted her with. She laughed in delight as Potter chased her through the Ministry of Magic, attempting to catch her with his pitiful hexes. In the Atrium, Potter ducked behind the golden statue of the goblin. "It smashed!" he yelled at her, "The prophecy smashed. Your dear old Voldemort won't be happy now, will he?" Bellatrix Lestrange screamed, half in manic pleasure and half as denial tore through her, as she desperately tried to summon the prophecy. Her dark hair flew behind her in a tangled halo, hooded dark eyes alight with malice. The prophecy that her master had specifically ordered her to return with from the Department of Mysteries, after Harry Potter and his little group of friends had been baited there with the false idea that Black was being held prisoner there. The prophecy that Potter had just claimed had been smashed in the ensuing fight as Potter's little friends were joined by half the Order of the Phoenix. "ACCIO PROPHECY!" A mad smile lit up her eyes as something moved. That had to be the prophecy. Her master would punish her if he did not get it, the boy was lying. He must be lying. She would succeed. She had to succeed. But no prophecy came into her waiting hand. "No!" she screamed, "It isn't true, you're lying! MASTER, I TRIED, I TRIED –" "Shut up!" Potter shouted from his hiding corner, "He can't hear you from here!" "Can't I, Potter?" A tall, thin figure in a black hooded robe appeared in the Atrium. Bellatrix heard her master, Lord Voldemort, as he appeared from nowhere in the Atrium. She felt her mad smile fade as she saw the disappointment in her master's blood red pupils as he surveyed her failure. She knew any chance of reward was gone, replaced now by the threat of endless pain. The voice of her master reached Bellatrix's ears. She smiled once more. Her master would punish the boy for his lies, and finally kill the pest. Perhaps she would yet be rewarded? But she knew that hoping for rewards from Lord Voldemort was a dangerous game to play. "It is smashed?" Voldemort asked quietly, staring directly at Potter. Bellatrix was sure that the boy would try and fight. He always did. He always foolishly tried to oppose her master. But, to her surprise, he nodded mutely. His eyes locked with her master's. She opened her mouth to protest, but was immediately quietened at the sight of Voldemort's raised hand. "No. He is not lying, Bella. I can tell in his eyes." Voldemort spoke quietly as he approached Potter, neither of them averting their gaze. Bellatrix thought for a moment of legillmency. Potter was acting oddly. As though he knew something, and was completely unafraid. An strange gleam was in his eyes, quite different to the anger and grief from before. Bellatrix had the feeling that she was looking at someone else entirely. But he could not possibly anything but worthless against her master, could he? Her master would punish the boy, surely he would. But Voldemort reached Potter without hexing him, nor even harming him at all. He instead placed one pale, long-fingered hand on Potter's shoulder and bent down slightly to whisper in his ear. Had not Lucius told her that Potter had screamed in pain at her master's touch? Why was he not in pain now? Why was he not already begging? Bellatrix could not hear what her master was saying to Potter, or even properly see either of them, as Voldemort was turned away from here, obscuring Potter from view. But she did see an insane smile cross Potter's face as her master straightened to face her. She almost took a step back under the force of her master's glare and rage. She bowed to him, shaking as she dared to raise her head to meet her master's gaze. "Go." He snapped at her. She stared with wide eyes for a moment, before hastily apparating to Malfoy Manor, not able to see any more of the odd interaction between her master and Potter. She landed in the grand entrance hall of the manor and stared pacing in excitement and nervousness. Her master had not given her any further instructions, so she could only think to wait. Trying to run or hide would only prolong her punishment. Even if she was rewarded, there was always punishment. She continued to pace, twisting her wand around in her hands, unable to remain still. It was almost twenty minutes before her master apparated into the manor, and she had worked herself well into fear. Bellatrix threw herself onto the floor at her master's feet and begged for mercy. "Master, I am sorry, I knew not, I was fighting the Animagus Black! Please, please-!" "Be quiet, Bella." Voldemort said dangerously. "You failed." "Please master, please." Bellatrix sobbed. She had tried so hard to please her master. "Crucio." Bellatrix screamed as the curse hit her, limbs twisting on the floor as she tried to twist away from the searing pain in every nerve on her body, burning every part of her. Finally, her master lifted the curse on her, mouth curled in disgust as she struggled to kneel, head dipped in shame. "I have no wish to listen to you excuses, Bella. Although," Voldemort said with a contemplative air as he inspected his fingernails, "I do suspect that you are quite…curious." He grabbed her hair and yanked to force her to face his scarlet eyes, blazing in anger, despite the tone of his voice. "You will see me at noon tomorrow." Bellatrix dropped her head again and continued to kneel as her master swept out of the room, leaving her with no more information on the strange encounter she had just been witness to. Just the knowledge of failure. Bellatrix knocked quietly on the door to the room her master used as a study in Malfoy Manor. She was frightened to face her master again, so soon after her failure to retrieve the prophecy. "Enter," the cold voice ordered from inside. Bellatrix swung the door open and stepped into the room, her eyes fixed on the polished timber floor. Voldemort shifted a few of the papers off his overcrowded desk into a pile and leaned his elbows on the desk, hands clasped in front of his face. "You have at least not had to foresight to gossip, Bella." Bellatrix merely nodded, knowing that taking a statement as a compliment from Voldemort was a dangerous mistake to make. She stood in the centre of the room, unsure of herself and the purpose for which her master had summoned her here. Was she to receive her punishment or would she be rewarded with the answers to her questions? For she could think of no reason that Potter would have acted in the way he had, as her sister, Narcissa, and the other Death Eaters had described the boy to her. Voldermort cocked his head to once side, and a slow smile formed over his face, making her feel very much like prey. She always longed to be near her master, but was painfully aware of the dangers. "You had questions." It was a statement of fact. Not an invitation to ask anything. Bellatrix nodded again, not trusting herself to open her mouth, the confidence from the battlefield depleted in the quiet and the wait. She did notice her master glance at the fireplace alight despite the relative warmth of the day, as though he were expecting a visitor. She almost scoffed at her own, misguided logic. No one would be able to have access to her master's own floo network and interrupt him so rudely. Bellatrix shook slightly under Voldemort's stare, feeling very much a target. "Y-Yes," she said. "About anything in particular?" He was baiting her now, not letting her know if the rope he was giving her was to hang herself with or to reward her with answers. She closed her eyes and took a plunge, knowing that pain would come sooner or later. "Yes," she drew a deep breath, "About Potter." "Potter," he rolled the word around in his mouth as though tasting it. "He seemed to be acting oddly." "Did he now?" Her master was now openly playing with her. He knew, but that was hardly enough to ensure her that her questions were allowed or merely a way to prolong her torture. "Yes. My sister. She described him, his personality. And he seemed different, even in that short space of him in-in the Atrium." "A changed man to you, perhaps." Voldemort leaned back in his chair, staring at the flames of the fireplace, as though waiting for his visitor. He lazily drew his wand and Bellatrix once more found herself under the Cruicatus, as green flames leapt in the fireplace and a black-robed figure emerged, she struggled not to scream. The figure was flung from the fireplace in an awkward heap, and struggled up to his feet, wiping the soot off of his robe. Bellatrix could tell the figure was male, as Voldemort's attention was focused on the figure and the curse lifted, although his face was covered by his hood. Evidently, her master had been expecting this particular visitor as he relaxed back into his chair, staring at the figure. "At last," he said, as greeting. The figure simply nodded in return, continuing to stand before the fireplace. Bellatrix opened her mouth to chastise him, for not affording her master the proper respect. She was stopped by a look from Voldemort, causing her to catch herself before speaking out of turn. "He was told to keep his silence before coming here, Bella." Voldemort conjured a chair next to his own and the figure sat down, comfortably arranging his robes around him. Whoever he was, he seemed to be comfortable there. He was lounged back in the chair, slouching even. Bellatrix knew that all of the Death Eaters she knew, who would sit straight in a chair, alert and even afraid. She had not yet been told she was allowed to sit and yet the person felt comfortable enough to just take a seat without asking? Voldemort pointed his wand at Bellatrix and she flinched slightly, expecting to be cursed. But he instead conjured a chair for her to sit down. "Thank you, my lord," Bellatrix said as she took her seat, perched on the edge, her back straight. She heard a soft snort from the figure, who seemed to find her positioning funny. Voldemort heard this soft noise as well and turned to the figure. "Now, now, she hasn't yet been informed, has she?" "I suppose not." The stranger spoke for the first time. His voice was soft and controlled. "Bellatrix." Voldemort said. Bellatrix once more felt her master's eyes looking directly at her. "Yes, my lord?" "In the Ministry, I am aware that you had the opportunity to make some observations." "I did." "Regarding Potter, in particular?" Voldemort prompted her. Bellatrix nodded eyes wide. "He appeared," she paused, trying to find the right words to describe the boy's odd behaviour, although her master would have surely observed so himself, "…different." "Different," repeated Voldemort shortly, "I am sure that you observed so. Particularly as you were ordered to simply retrieve the prophecy and then leave." "I am sorry, my lord, I didn't-" "Silence, Bellatrix. I will not listen to your excuses. No. For whatever