The story of Daylon #1 The Stepping Stone The gods have been having kids since the beginning of mortals many heroes where born. Heroes are alive now at Camp Half-Blood and Camp Jupiter but the next great hero cross into there view. And that hero was Daylon son of Poseidon but something was about to come to light that no one expected. Daylon was not just a son Poseidon but of Zeus and Hades as well. During the second Titan war Nemesis minor goddess of Revenge took both Zeus and Hades blood and mixed it at the fountain of youth. Then so he would be a great enemy of the gods she had Achilles Hercules and Perseus teach him the ways of mastering his magic and fighting skill. And he studied with Daedalus and 5 other great and wise men who taught him all they knew. So in more ways than one Daylon was a child of Nemesis but one thing she couldn't teach him not from lack of trying was to hate all gods and goddesses but her. She thought that she did teach him this but he was also taught respect justice and right and wrong he would not kill anyone who didn't deserve it. He knew that to be a fact inhis mind he would not become a senseless killer. Daylon was told that he would be going to Olympus for the first time today. He was a little nervous but nemesis did tell him that she used mostly Poseidon's blood so in all truth he was Poseidon's son. Daylon teleported right in front of the elevator to Olympus he took in his surroundings. Once he got used to the light he stated toward his goal the hall of the gods. They where having the winter solstice meeting they were all there but something seemed wrong because there was a huge storm brewing all around the peek of the mountain which made him make sure his two swords were still there. His swords have bin forged in the heart of Tartarus and cooled in liquid moonlight the swords no mater how far way he could call them to him and they would appear out of no where in his hands. They are pitch black with tendrils of moonlight from the hilt growing up almost like vines. Daylon's armor the same way pitch black and would appear on him at his call with a sword made of pure sliver moonlight imprinted on the chest and growing tendrils growing back to his cape like it was fighting the black cape to get to the bottom. Daylon's eyes are unlike any other they are Amethyst purple. They glow and if you look close you can see bright purple lighting Flash through them. You can see the intellect in them that just tell you not fight him because if you do you will die. He continued through Olympus looking at all the people there was so many different people demigods minor gods people being carried by Cyclopes. He thought it was amazing but he had a mission that he must complete so he keep moving. He got to the hall he took a deep breath exhaled slowly and open the doors to find someone right in front of him three people he took them in his searching eyes that studied every angle and weapons on them plus he noticed that all of them where tired so if they attack he could where them down easily before he made the final blow. He then realized that all of the gods around the room he saw them all looking at him. Zeus told him to wait that they have something to attend to before they speak to him so he calmly stood off to the side and listened to what was being discussed. Then he looked at the three demigod he guessed there was a little girl maybe five a boy 10 years old and a boy about 13 holding the girl she was sobbing and Zeus was yelling at her yelling that she was to die now for not collecting his master bolt. Daylon got off the wall and walked forward becoming very into the conversation. "Zeus almighty ruler of Olympus I don't understand how this girl could have stolen your master bolt I humbly believe that you have bin mistaken" Daylon stated with much respect. Daylon learn with people that are prideful like Zeus is to use flattery to achieve the best outcome. "Do not talk in this subject you do not know of what is happening" Zeus boomed. "I respect that but she couldn't have got by you your to good to be tricked by her I believe someone much older than her. Zeus pondered this for a second then the room fill with the smell of ozone the boy let go of the little girl and Zeus hand formed a ball of lighting and hurled it at her she screamed then out of no where so fast that even Hermes was impressed Daylon was wrapped around the girl his armor smoking pitch black like the sword trimmed in the same moonlight with two roses and a lighting bolt a trident and a pitchfork all them silvery liquid moonlight. Zeus looked shocked at first then enraged he pulled so much power in the next throw that the room almost froze over as all the air seemed to be alight with power. He threw the ball right at the now facing him mysterious intruder. Daylon put his arm out hand open and absorbed as much power as he could before the rest hit him in the chest pushing him back but he stayed up and ready. To say the gods where shocked would be an understatement. They looked at him in silents and Zeus boomed "how is this possible even if you are my child you couldn't have survived that much power". "Your child" Poseidon said "I can clearly feel my blood in him same as he girl. Zeus looked at me again Athena then for the first time realized "your eyes they're purple". "Yes I'm the son of Poseidon but I'm infused with the blood of Zeus and Hades" at that moment shadows in the corner of the room seemed to come alive and sink in to a single point then they parted has Hades walked in. "How did this happen who did this" Daylon bowed "Lord Hades I can not tell you or anyone of who did because I care about them and don't want them injured" "You will tell me or I will rip the soul from your body and throw it in Tartarus" "I've sworn to not tell I'm sorry Lord Hades". Both Zeus and Hades start to get worked up but before they could kill him Poseidon said "Why are you here you wouldn't be here unless you had a reason" "Yes Lord Poseidon I'm here to become a hero of Camp Half-blood and Camp Jupiter". Poseidon thought for a moment then said "If you want to you must pick a god or goddess to be your patron if they accepted then yes you can" . Daylon said to everybody's shock "I wish Hera to be my patron" Daylon couldn't tell who looked more surprised the other gods or Hera herself. Hera thought no at first but she looked in to his eyes and saw something "Who ever gave you your blood did they use any other gods" "no why?" Because in your eyes I see justice...yes I will be your patron". Daylon then thanked the goddess and turned to leave but he almost walked right into the little girl. She looked at him with hope in her eyes she was still holding on to his leg where she deemed safe from the big mean god who tried to kill her. Daylon took her hands off him she started to sob again but Daylon just picked her up and put her on his shoulders bouncing her like she was as light as air. She bent down and whispered in his ear "are you my brother?" He smiled and said "That's me little one" She smiled but stopped like she just herd something she didn't like and said "My name is Jenny Pace and I'm not little I'm 5 years old" she made a triumphant face that made Daylon just smile and bounce her around some more making her giggle like crazy. The gods looked on and couldn't help feel giddy. At Camp Half-Blood Daylon was just walking in to camp when he realized every camper looked at him like he was some kind of bad guy like he called them all ugly as hell but then just looked away and got back to what ever they where doing before he showed up. The two where met by a nice cute girl who told them she would be giving them a tour of camp. Daylon would later learn that her name was drew and that he wouldn't like her at all. As she walked at told them about what they passed she seemed very nice and he no idea why his mother would hate these people so much they passed the archery range where a bunch of kids where shooting targets and splitting the arrows with new ones. Daylon guessed that they must be sons of Apollo. He didn't want to get in the middle of anything so he stayed close to their guide. Then the passed the stables and Jenny really liked the Pegasus she wanted to ride one but there was to much to do. They saw the lake the climbing wall but jenny wasn't in any mood to go close then they saw the computer room witch Daylon thought was weird because he had never seen anything that looked like it. One thing that you should know about Daylon is he wasn't born in this time like jenny was he was born in 1871 but when he was 2 Nemesis stole him and hid him in Tartarus where he trained to him its only bin 15 years but up here its bin 143 years everything seemed weird but he never learned what his time was like in 1871 so it wasn't mind boggling. Then drew looked at Daylon and said "dinner is at 6 you will hear a horn when its time the cabins are down their you both are children of Poseidon right" "yes" he answered she told him to go to the cabin 2 made of low sea stone you will know when you see it and left us to do some training. Daylon looked back at Jenny and asked "are you ready to meet our cabin mates?" she nodded and he started off to the cabin below. At cabin 2 Daylon looked around the cabin and saw that two beds had stuff on it but clothes where all over and armor with unmade beds on the wall over one of the bed there was a black and white horn. Daylon took the bottom of a bunk Jenny took the top she was so excited to start whatever they had planed. So they started to put their stuff away Daylon made his armor disappear in shadow and he put his things lovingly down neatly on the bed. Daylon's super hearing picked up talking coming toward them about 15 feet away from the door he instinctively move his hand closer two his swords. Just in case they attacked him. Then the two people open the door and froze in their place. One had black hair and sea green eyes just like jenny the other was at least 6-7 feet tall with …one eye. Daylon move over to them and said "hi my name is Daylon Grippin and this is Jenny Pace we are children of Poseidon we are your new brother and sister". Then most unexpectedly the big guy gave daylon a bear