A/N Hey guys. To all who are returning to see Amara's seventh year: thank you so much for sticking by me through these, what, three years? And to those just joining: thank you for even coming along to see what it's all about! I haven't got much of a buffer at all with this book. I am just going to enter (tomorrow) my second year of college (in the UK - so it's A Level year) and it means that I will want to focus on my studies so I get into University. So bare with, because it will probably be slow going, but I am determined to get Amara's stories finished, because I feel she deserves it. I have got the second chapter ready, but will probably try and get a chapter out every one/two weeks. Though this will, most likely, change quite a lot, mainly because I'm trying to focus on my own stories. But FF has been so good for me, I'm going to stick with it. Anyway, please enjoy the first chapter of the last book: The Beginning of the End. - September and Summer xxx Chapter One The Beginning of the End Amara Matthews stared glumly out of the window of her attic-converted bedroom. It had been a week and a half since Albus Dumbledore's funeral on the Hogwarts grounds and Amara was reading an article in the Daily Prophet by a man named Elphias Doge, which had just come out that day: ALBUS DUMBLEDORE REMEMBERED BY ELPHIAS DOGE She had been reading the newspaper for a while, mainly to get rid of the growing fear inside her but also to see what was being said by the greatest wizard she had ever known. '… When Albus and I left Hogwarts, we intended to take the then traditional tour of the world together, visiting and observing foreign wizards, before pursuing our separate careers. However, tragedy intervened. On the very eve of our trip, Albus's mother Kendra died, leaving Albus the head, and sole breadwinner, of the family. I postponed my departure long enough to pay my respects at Kendra's funeral, then left for what was now to be a solitary journey. With a younger brother and sister to care for, and little gold left to them, there could no longer be any question of Albus accompanying me. That was the period of our lives when we had least contact. I wrote to Albus, describing, perhaps insensitively, the wonders of my journey from narrow escapes from chimaeras in Greece to the experiments of the Egyptian alchemists. His letters told me little of his day-to-day life, which I guessed to be frustratingly dull for such a brilliant wizard. Immersed in my own experiences, it was with horror that I heard, towards the end of my year's travels, that yet another tragedy had struck the Dumbledores: the death of his sister, Ariana. Though Ariana had been in poor health for a long time, the blow, coming so soon after the loss of their mother, had a profound effect on both of her brothers. All those closest to Albus - and I count myself one of that lucky number - agree that Ariana's death and Albus's feeling of personal responsibility for it (though, of course, he was guiltless) left their mark upon him forever more. I returned home to find a young man who had experienced a much older person's suffering. Albus was more reserved than before, and much less light-hearted. To add to his misery, the loss of Ariana had led, not to a renewed closeness between Albus and Aberforth, but to an estrangement. (In time this would lift-in later years they re-established, if not a close relationship, then certainly a cordial one.) However, he rarely spoke of his parents or of Ariana from then on, and his friends learned no to mention them. Other quills will describe the triumphs of the following years. Dumbledore's innumerable contributions to the store of wizarding knowledge, including his discovery of the twelve uses of dragon blood, will benefit generations to come, as will the wisdom he displayed in the many judgements he made while Chief Warlock of the Wizengamot. They say, still, that no wizard duel ever matched that between Dumbledore and Gellert Grindelwald in 1945. Those who witnessed it have written of the terror and the awe they felt as they watched these two extraordinary wizards do battle. Dumbledore's triumph, and its consequences for the wizarding world, are considered a turning point in magical history to match the introduction of the International Statute of Wizarding Secrecy or the downfall of You-Know-Who. Albus Dumbledore was never proud or vain; he could find something to value in anyone, however apparently insignificant or wretched, and I believe that his early losses endowed him with great humanity and sympathy. I shall miss his friendship more than I can say, but my loss is as nothing compared to the wizarding world's. That he was the most inspiring and the best loved of all Hogwarts headmasters cannot be in question. He died as he lived: working always for the greater good and, to his last hour, as willing to stretch out a hand to a small boy with dragon pox as he was on the day that I met him.' Amara sniffed a little at the end of the article. She had never known that Dumbledore had had a sister – she had heard him mention his brother, Aberforth, before, a long time ago, but other than that she had known little of his life except his achievements. It was July. Amara had not told her parents her plan for them, nor had she told them she was going away and may never see them again. She had not told Fred, her boyfriend, or Tally, her cousin, or Jesse, Tally's brother, and from what she had heard from two of her best friends, Hermione Granger and Ron Weasley, they had not told them either. She knew she was going to be leaving for the Burrow in four days' time. Fred was picking her up and her family had to be out by then. She had contacted her Uncle Louis, in France, and he had agreed with her plan. She was going to send her mother, her father, her fifteen-year-old brother, Ethan and her thirteen-year-old sister, Tessie, to France, to live with her mother's sister, who was a muggle, and her husband, a wizard. Tally was also going back, but not until Beauxbatons started in September. Until then she was staying at the Burrow with her boyfriend, Ron. Hermione had not told Amara her plans for her parents, but she knew that she was arriving at the Burrow the day after her. Amara did not like the idea of forcing her parents away to France, to stop them doing their jobs and to stop Tessie and Ethan from going back to Hogwarts. But she knew it was too dangerous. They knew too much about her final best friend, Harry Potter, and could be found by Death Eaters. And being Muggleborn witches and wizards did not help. But Amara knew they would be safe with Louis and Elisabeth, and hopefully Tessie and Ethan would be able to study once out there. Amara herself was going on a hunt for Horcruxes with her friends Harry, Ron and Hermione, to defeat Lord Voldemort. It was a dangerous task and Amara couldn't say she was looking forwards too it. It had only been a week since Dumbledore's death after all. She had had a letter from Ron the day before explaining some very surprising events: Amara – Tonks and Lupin got married today. It was quick and not many people were allowed to attend. Wish you, Harry and Hermione could have been there, but we couldn't exactly send out invites. Don't tell anyone else, though, especially Harry, as his owls might be intercepted. Ron Amara had been surprised by the sudden rush, but was happy for Tonks and Lupin. They deserved to be happy and be together, eventhough they were in the midst of a war. Amara placed the Daily Prophet on her nightstand and hopped off her bed. She heard her mother calling for her, and, wondering what she wanted, she went down the stairs. She met Ethan on the landing. He was now a head and shoulders taller than her and liked to revel in the fact. He also was looking rather charred around the edges. "My potion exploded," he said sheepishly. "Were you experimenting again?" asked Amara. "Yeah," said Ethan. "But it's progress!" he added defensively. "At least it didn't singe my eyebrows off this time!" Ever since he had returned from Hogwarts, Ethan had been in his room much more than usual fiddling with his potions. Amara thought it was to take his mind off what was happening. Amara's mother was standing at the foot of the stairs waiting for her. "Adrien's here to see you," she said. Adrien Page was Jesse Reynold's best friend. He was also a good friend of Amara, who saw him as a brotherly figure, and her family, and he had lived in England for two years, ever since he left Beauxbatons. "Did you do the security questions?" "Of course," said Mrs Matthews crossly, and walked off into the kitchen. She too had been more irritable lately, as she knew something was going on, but Amara wasn't telling. Adrien was in the lounge, sitting in one of the chairs, looking unusually stern. When Amara walked in, he jumped to his feet and walked across the room. "Jesse would have come but he's with Hermione sorting out things," said Adrien immediately. Two years after arriving, his French accent had disappeared. "Have you told them?" "No," said Amara. Adrien groaned. "Amara, you have to tell them you're leaving and that they need to hide!" "I know," said Amara. "Are you going to tell us what you're doing?" "Definitely not," said Amara. Adrien scowled at her whilst sitting back down on the armchair and poked the armchair rather viciously. "You're insufferable sometimes, you know that, right?" Amara grinned at him. Adrien sighed and sunk lower into the armchair he was sitting on. "Adeline wrote to me the other day," he said. "Really?" said Amara, sitting down on the chair opposite. She had only met Adeline Page once, when she was in her second-year, and only knew she was in the same year as Noah Reynolds and currently working in a robe designer. After two years away from his sister, Adrien did not seem to miss her that much, and considering she was rather annoying, Amara didn't blame him. "She got a promotion," said Adrien, sighing. "And Noah went over to visit her as well." "I haven't seen Noah in years," said Amara. "He's always away studying animals – like Charlie, I suppose." "Him and Jesse met up a few times, and Tally obviously sees him in France quite a bit. He seems to like America though, but apparently he wrote to Charlie asking about Romania – oh and he's coming to the Wedding too." "That's good," said Amara. "I'd like to see him again." There was a break of conversation as Amara stared at the floor, knowing that Adrien was staring at her, trying to make her tell her family. "I'm not leaving until you tell them," said Adrien sternly. " Fine," said Amara, glaring at the French boy. "They're not going to like it." "Neither do you, and nor do I," said Adrien, smiling sadly. "But it's safe." Amara took a deep breath and sighed. "Come on then," she said, getting to her feet. "I think everyone's in the kitchen anyway." Sure enough, the whole Matthews family were sitting at the table together, and Amara very nearly backed out again, seeing them so happy, but Adrien was behind her and he pushed her forwards. The two of them sat down at the table. "Erm,"