A/N: Welcome to the rewrite! I hope you enjoy it as much as you did the old version! The story itself is the same- there will be no changes from the original, aside from writing and a few minor plot points. For those of you who know the ending (I won't spoil it for those that don't), there will not be a new storyline. Chapter 1 Familiar greenery surrounded the car as it moved through the trees, driving down that long, winding road that would bring it to the one place Bella longed to be. The ride was silent—not even the radio could be heard over the dull rumble of the police cruiser, and it was all she could do to keep from staring at the man in the driver's seat. It had been so long since she had laid eyes on her father in the flesh, so long since she'd been able to watch him as she was so apt to do, that she had almost forgotten the way his brows would pinch together when they got stuck behind a transport truck, or how his moustache would twitch when he would look over and see her watching. Bella had never been quite sure just what it was that she loved so much about her little town in the forest, about the tiny, poky place she called home, but that unvoiced, unexplainable yearning was burning hot in her breast—she could not wait to be back. She breathed a deep sigh, closing her eyes as the scent of woods, damp, and her father's leather car seats hit her all at once. Bella had missed that smell—the one that reminded her so intently of home that she could not help but wax nostalgic as she rested her head against the back of the seat. She heard Charlie's low, gruff chuckle as he turned to face her, keeping one eye on the road. "You alright?" he asked, and Bella could hear the note of genuine concern under his amusement. "I'm great," she said, smiling as she opened her eyes again. Charlie grunted, turning back to the road. Silence ensued. As the car drove into the town itself, passing the kitschy "Welcome to Forks!" sign that stood on a little rock cut about ten minutes from the town center, Bella felt a thrill of excitement course through her. During her time in Jacksonville, at the Mayo Clinic, Bella had wondered whether or not she would ever see it again. When she had left Forks all those months ago it was only supposed to be for a short visit to get reacquainted with the mother Bella barely knew. Bella could not have known then, when she'd hugged her father and siblings goodbye before her two weeks of sand and sun, that it would be almost four months before she would come home. She hadn't known then, as she did now, that less than one week into her trip she would wake in the night to a sickeningly familiar nosebleed, and that her mother, her hair-brained, distractible, flighty mother, would have to drive her to the emergency department in the dead of night. Bella had never been more grateful for her mother's new husband, Phil, than she had been on that night. When Bella had woken her mother up, blood dripping down her chin, Renee had gone into hysterics. Bella had been forced to jump back, startled, when her mother had leapt out of bed, shoving a towel in Bella's face to staunch the flow. It had been Phil, dependable, quiet, and if truth be told, a little awkward, who had jumped into action. It had been he who had pried Renee off of Bella, directing her calmly to the car before he had guided Bella down the stairs, ushering her into the back seat. Renee had been too upset to drive so Bella's new stepfather had taken control, driving carefully through the bright lights of the city towards the nearest hospital, where Bella had been seen by the trauma doctor, and then the oncologist. Bella bit her cheek as her father made the turn onto the main road that would bring her home. Every time she remembered that dreaded phone call she had been forced to make, she could not help but tear up. She had sat in that strange hospital bed, hooked up to wires and tubes, as the doctor left her alone with the news that she lived in constant dread of hearing. She had been so certain, so sure that she had finally tempered the skulking beast that had stalked her through her childhood. When Bella was left alone—her stepfather had returned home while her mother spoke with the doctor outside—she had picked up the phone at her bedside, dialing the familiar number that she knew would put her through to the one person she had to talk to. She remembered Charlie's groggy voice, the confusion in his tone when he'd rasped out a muffled "Hello?" , and Bella, unable to speak, had broken down in tears. " Hello? What the…" Charlie's voice distanced and Bella could hear the creaking of his bed as he sat up. "Is someone there? Hello?" " Dad..." Bella's voice was barely audible. " Bella? Baby? What's wrong? Where are you?" " Dad, I'm sorry…" " Where's your mother?" demanded Charlie, his voice louder now. "Bella? Honey? Where's Renee? What's wrong?" " She's talking to the doctor," said Bella in a little, hiccupping voice. " The doctor?" asked Charlie, and Bella heard his fear. "Are you hurt?" " They said…" " What, Bella?" There was dead silence on the other end. " They said that…" She could not make the words come. "They think I'm sick again." " What do you mean, sick?" demanded Charlie, after only a brief pause. "Bella?" " Give me the phone, sweetie," said Renee, stepping back through the door with red eyes and a gentle smile. "I'll talk to your dad." Bella relinquished the handset without hesitation, unable to speak that dreaded, hateful word to her father, who was sure to be worried and anxious. Although he had never let her see it, Bella knew that Charlie lived in constant worry for his youngest child—the one he had come so close to losing so many times in her short life. Bella pressed her face into her pillow, unable to stop the keening sobs that escaped her, even when the kindly nurse came in to change her saline. That day, over three months ago, had been one of the worst she could remember—that was the fourth time in her sixteen years that she had heard the doctor speak that horrid word, the one word that could bring her to her knees. Like every other time, Bella could not bring herself to pay attention to the dull platitudes and empty reassurances that each adult would speak to her. Things will work out. We're going to fight this. You're so strong. I know you can do it… Bella had been only four years old the first time she remembered the doctor's sad, sympathetic eyes and her father's look of abject terror. She hadn't known it then—what four year old could?—but looking back she knew that the moment Charlie had first heard the word pass the doctor's lips had been one of the worst of his life. When Bella had first grown ill Charlie was less than a year out of his doomed marriage to Renee and a single father to three young children. Although she knew he would do nothing less, Bella could not help the flush of embarrassment and of desperate, undying gratitude that flowed through her when she thought of everything her father had given up—he had left his dangerous job in Seattle and relocated the family to Forks, and he had taken a leave of absence, with significantly lower pay, to sit by his daughter's bedside day and night, making sure that she was never alone during those first, terrifying rounds of chemo. Bella remembered her father only vaguely from those early days, but some of the most distinct memories she had were of him sitting in a hard, wooden chair next to her bed while she was supposed to be resting. There was often another sleeping child cradled in his lap while he stared blankly at the wall next to the bed, not knowing that his littlest daughter was watching. Bella wondered, as her father turned the car down the long road that lead to their home, how many times he had worried over her these past years. Bella was only a teenager—she had a mere sixteen years to her father's forty—and she did not think she would ever fully comprehend the depth of his love for her. "Your brother and sister are glad to have you home," said Charlie suddenly, breaking the silence. "They're just starting winter break, so…" "Great," said Bella, smiling. The action felt false, but when Charlie's worried frown softened, Bella made sure to keep it in place. "I think your brother wants pizza." "Sounds good," Bella said, shifting in her seat. "Better than hospital food." Charlie grunted. As familiar houses began to flash past, Bella looked carefully over at her father, whose narrowed eyes were glued to the riveted road, rough with potholes. Knowing he was not looking at her, Bella took a moment to truly see her father for the first time in a long while, and she frowned when she noticed small details that had not been there the last time she had seen him. If she was not mistaken—and she could not be sure that she wasn't—Charlie had a few more lines around his eyes than he'd had when she'd left for Florida, and where the hair at his temples had been steadfastly dark for as long as she could remember, it was now peppered with grey. Bella fought back emotion, knowing in her heart that she was the cause—she could not even fathom the amount of stress she had caused him these past months. " I'm very sorry, Mr. Swan," the doctor had said. "She's not strong enough for the transplant, and there's not much else we can do for her. You'll need to make a choice." " No!" Charlie's voice echoed through the small room and Bella cringed. Renee sat stony in a chair, unwilling to meet Charlie's gaze even in this most dire situation. "Alice is…" " Your eldest daughter is a partial match," said the doctor, "but with Isabella in her condition, it is highly unlikely that it will take." " But…" Charlie squeezed Bella's hand so hard that she flinched. "You…" He stared at the doctor, mouth moving without sound, and Bella could not watch as the realization set in. " I'm very sorry, Mr. Swan. My recommendation is that you talk it over with Isabella and Mrs. Dwyer. We'll make her comfortable." " No…" " Dad…" Bella's voice broke. For the first time since the doctor had entered, Charlie's attention snapped down to the little white face in the bed, with her big, watery eyes staring up at him. Bella did not know what to say when his face crumpled and the dam holding his tears broke, or when he snatched her up in his arms and crushed her to his chest. " I love you," he said. "I love you, baby." Bella could do nothing but wrap her little fists around his shirt and listen as her mother, sniffling, slipped from the room. Bella was still not sure she had fully processed what the doctor had repeated to her numerous times before her discharge. " The medication isn't working like we'd hoped." " The radiation isn't strong enough." " Your sister's marrow would likely kill you." " We can keep you here with us or we can release you and let you go home." " Six months, maybe seven, if she's lucky…" "We're here, Bell," said