. Out of the night that covers me, Black as the pit from pole to pole, I thank whatever gods may be For my unconquerable soul. In the fell clutch of circumstance I have not winced nor cried aloud. Under the bludgeonings of chance My head is bloody, but unbowed. Beyond this place of wrath and tears Looms but the Horror of the shade, And yet the menace of the years Finds and shall find me unafraid. It matters not how strait the gate, How charged with punishments the scroll, I am the master of my fate, I am the captain of my soul. - "Invictus", by William Ernest Henley Chapter 1 Over the many long hours she had spent curled up in the hard, plastic chair, Bella had never heard the room so silent. She could hear her own heartbeat, the rhythmic rush of blood pounding through her veins, beating like drums in her ears. The fabric of her blue denim pants swam and wavered before her eyes as she swallowed hard, forcing the tears to abate. She refused to shift her gaze, to look up and see the still, pale shell laid out on the bed. She could see him in her mind's eye, writhing and gasping for breath, chest heaving as nurses flooded in… She clenched her eyes shut, rubbing them hard to dispel the terrible image. She felt the salty moisture of tears come away on her palms and she hastily wiped them clean on her sweater, resting her head on her knees. What in the hell had just happened? Sure, he had been sick, but she had never expected… never imagined… "Isabella?" The voice from the doorway startled her, making her jump as she wheeled around to face the nurse. "Yes?" Her voice cracked, and she cleared her throat. "Yes?" "Is there someone we can call for you? A friend or family member?" Bella stared blankly at her, the question barely registering in her frazzled mind. "What?" "Is there someone we can call for you, dear? An aunt or uncle, perhaps? Sister? Brother?" Bella felt her eyes well up with tears once more, and this time, she was powerless to stop their course down her cheeks. The nurse clucked sympathetically and rested a gentle hand on Bella's shoulder as she wiped angrily at her face, shaking her head. "No," she replied, turning at last to face the still form on the bed. He looked strange, as if someone had tried to recreate his likeness in wax. Gone was the gentle, crooked smile he had rarely shown, even to his own children. The brown, unassuming eyes that so resembled her own were closed, sunken and tired on his wasted face. His mouth bothered her; her father had never worn that expression on his face before, and she didn't like to see it now. His once-strong jaw was slack, letting his mouth fall open… She clenched her eyes again and turned away. "No, there's no one to call," she said, looking up at the kind-faced nurse who had been at the bedside when everything had gone so terribly, horribly wrong. The nurse's eyebrows pinched together and she breathed a little sigh before she sat herself in the chair next to Bella, in what Bella assumed to be a show of support. "There's just me." It had been ten full minutes since Bella had pulled into the driveway of her father's house—the one place she had been avoiding ever since he had fallen ill. The whitewashed façade that looked out over the sleepy side street presented an image of unassuming suburbia, a place where a happy couple might live with a few kids and a dog. There was even, Bella noted with a snort, a little white picket fence marking the edge of the property- a legacy from Renee's interlude in Seattle, when she'd feared for her children's safety along the road. Bella recalled her father's mutinous grumbling whenever an unsuspecting neighbour commented on their picturesque little corner house with its adorable fence and beautiful window boxes. Bella knew that deep down, under all his harsh remarks, her dad had missed Renee, and disliked any reminder that she had ever been a part of his life. As far as Charlie was concerned, Renee had never crossed his path, and he was more than happy to pretend she had never existed. Never mind that she had borne him two children… Bella shook her head and killed the truck's engine, lest she earn herself a noise complaint for the clamorous idling. She sat still in the driver's seat, looking up at the darkened windows and wishing, beyond hope, that she would see a light come on, some sign of life inside. But there was only her, and so with great trepidation, she gathered up the stack of paperwork from the seat next to her and exited the truck, fumbling clumsily in her pocket for the house key. As it always did, the bottom stair of the wooden porch creaked when she stepped on it, and without warning, she felt her eyes burn as she recalled the sound from her youth—it always meant that he was coming home. The key slid in as easily as ever and with a loud click, the lock gave way and the front door swung open. Bella could smell the musty scent of a house unused as she stepped gingerly over the pile of envelopes sitting underneath the mail slot in the door. She flicked a dusty light switch, sending bright, harsh, fluorescent light throughout the small kitchen. There was, she noted, a thin layer of dust and grime covering almost everything in the house, as it had been some weeks since Bella had been inside. One glance into the refrigerator told her she had nothing edible on hand, and she resigned herself to her gnawing hunger, settling at the head of the small dining table. The kitchen clock ticked steadily on as she sat, her knee bouncing and fingernails tapping on the worn wooden tabletop. What was she supposed to do now? The pile of papers from the hospital sat untouched on the opposite end of the table. There was a stack of mail—mostly bills—sitting on the dusty floor by the door, and speaking of dust, the house needed a thorough going over. She had no food and no money until her small paycheck from the diner came in on Friday, and there was now the whole issue of sorting through Charlie's things. And she still had to make that dreaded phone call. A lump grew in her throat as she sat at the unused kitchen table, finally alone for the first time in weeks, and this time, she did not force her sadness away. Her eyes burned as she swallowed hard, pursing her lips together to hold in the sounds of her grief. What was she supposed to do? She knew what she had to do, of course, which had nothing to do with crying at the dinner table, but she felt powerless to do any of it. How could she get up and examine those bills on the floor, knowing that whatever meager insurance money she would receive from the agency would go directly to funeral and medical expenses? She could not bear to look at the total amount she would owe, now that the house and all of its bills would be signed over to her. She had learned firsthand over the past few months just how much it cost to run a house, pay for food, and keep up with the medical bills for her ailing father. Her minimum wage, part-time salary didn't even scratch the surface. Bella had thought it was only a security measure—a long-distant what if scenario when Charlie had summoned a lawyer to his bedside to revisit his will. She had never really expected to inherit the house, the bills, or whatever savings Charlie had managed to amass over the years working as a beat cop in downtown Seattle. She had never expected that she would be the one to make these big decisions, at 22 years old, about where the money would go and what should be done with all of his worldly goods. This is the age, she thought bitterly, that she should be out with friends on some college campus far away, living off ramen noodles and wild nights at the pub. She should be almost finished a degree—a dream she'd had since she was just a little girl—and well on her way to launching a career. But instead here she was, alone and broke, without any hope of digging her way out. She pressed her cheek against the cold, dusty wood of the table and closed her eyes, breathing a deep sigh. She didn't even notice herself drifting into sleep. When she woke, it was with the harsh light of a rare sunny morning and a painful crick in her neck. A fly buzzed angrily in the overhead light fixture and Bella opened her eyes gingerly, watching its black fuzzy shape winding round and round the beveled glass. Turning towards the window, she saw the dewy grass and the crisp, cold frost on her beat up truck, but even that beauty was not welcome to her. She clamped her eyes shut against it, willing everything to disappear. The clock above the table read 7:30, and although it was far too early, Bella could not sleep another wink. This time last year, she was most likely waking up to the smell of fresh coffee and maybe some toast, providing he had managed not to burn it… Bella shook her head to dismiss these longing memories and reached across the table, taking hold of the thick manila envelope she had brought home with her yesterday. She dumped the contents on the table, displacing the dust and making her eyes water as she glanced over each one. A business card from the hospital social worker. Information on cremation. Information on funeral arrangements. A form to sign, authorizing the mortuary to cremate the body. Forms to pass on to the funeral director. Forms for the insurance company. A copy of the medical records. Another hospital bill, for the medications and interventions used at the very end… the ones that hadn't worked. Bella pushed the papers aside and rubbed her eyes, knowing that she would have to force herself to handle them. She toyed with the idea of opening the mountain of bills, knowing that her anxiety would shoot through the roof when she did, but also knowing that it really couldn't be avoided… The cordless phone that was mounted on the kitchen wall jangled loudly, echoing through the house and Bella let out a yelp, wheeling around. It rang twice. Three times. Just before the fourth ring could sound out, Bella leapt to her feet and stumbled across the room, snatching the heavy handset from the cradle and pressing the speaker to her ear. "Hello?" "Oh Bella, I'm so sorry," came the voice from the other end, and Bella breathed a shaky sigh of relief. At least it wasn't him. "Hey Ange," she said wearily, clearing her throat. "My dad just called to tell me about Charlie," she said quietly, no doubt trying not to wake Ben, her fiancé. "I can't believe it, honey. Are you okay?" Angela Weber, Bella's friend from high school, was one of the few people she kept up with since most of her graduating class had moved out of state. Angela, for example, had gone to Northwestern in Chicago four years ago where she'd met Ben, a computer science major with a big soft spot for old movies. Needless to say, Bella was not surprised one bit when Angela had called three months ago, ecstatic to announce that she and Ben were getting married. "I'm…" began Bella, and for a brief moment she toyed with the notion of telling Angela the truth.