Warnings: Incest (sort of), Manipulative! Evil! Dumbledore, Ancient and Noble Houses, Lords and Ladies, Founder's Heirs, Wizengamot, Goblins and Gringotts, Severe Character Bashing – Dumbledore and some Weasleys. Ships:, Sirius/Amelia, Neville/Luna, Cedric/Susan and Remus/Nymphadora "Dora" Tonks Disclaimer: J.K Rowling owns the characters and the world of Harry Potter. I do not. I just like to play in her sandbox. No copyright infringement intended. Author's Notes: This is an AU story. If you dislike, Don't read for Oreos Sake! Before any of you report me for copying Vance Gill's story Lily's Next Great Adventure, I have been given the honor of Adopting it. Chapter 1 Lily Meets Death Lily Potter gasped out a deep breath and coughed, trying to bring air back into her lungs. Breathing felt odd to her. She opened her eyes and was met by a blinding bright light. She instantly closed her eyes and shielded them with a hand. She then blinked her eyes, adjusting her sight to the light. She groaned and sat up, then looked around at her surroundings. She was sitting on the cement ground of what appeared to be Platform Nine-And-Three Quarters. Only it was empty and cleaner than what she was used to. When she took in her own appearance, she found that she was stark naked! Embarrassed by her nudity, she wished for clothes. Suddenly, she was dressed in what appeared to be the sleeping gown she usually slept in. Having jumped over that hurdle, she began to wonder what was going on. She then remembered what had happened. She and her husband James were about to sit down to dinner at their cottage in Godric's Hollow, after tucking her son Harry into his crib to sleep. She had come down the stairs to the first floor of the cottage, when James had screamed that he was there, and to take Harry and run. She remembered running back to the nursery, then hearing noises and chaos on the bottom floor. The noise of battle. A battle between her husband, James, and Voldemort, the most powerful and feared Dark Wizard of the age. She then remembered Voldemort entering the nursery, and she stood guarding Harry, begging Voldemort to take her instead of her son. He had ordered her to stand aside, and she refused. And the last thing she remembered was a flash of green light. Which means I'm dead, Lily thought to herself, Which means I failed. I failed James. I failed my son. ' Wrong," a voice said behind Lily, "On both accounts. If... you make the right choice." Lily gasped and hurried to her feet. By instinct she reached for her wand, but found it wasn't there. She looked for the owner of the voice, and found a figure sitting on a bench a few feet away from her. He was dressed in a black cloak and hood, and Lily could not make out any of his features. "Who are you?" Lily demanded in her strongest voice; she was afraid of the figure, but she would not show such fear. "I am Death," the figure said. "Death?" Lily echoed, disbelieving. "You have doubts, I can sense that," Death said, "But I assure you, I am Death." "The same Death who met the three Peverell brothers by a river?" Lily asked, raising an eyebrow. "I see your husband has made you familiar of old family stories, has he?" Death asked. Lily blushed. It had been a couple weeks after her wedding to James that he told her exactly what his invisibility cloak was. She was familiar with the Tale of the Three Brothers by Beedle The Bard, but she hadn't known about the Peverells until James had told her about them. It took her quite a bit of persuasion from James for her to believe such a story was real, but in the end, she believed it. "Yes," Death said, obviously deciding the pink tinge in Lily's cheeks was her answer, "I am the very same. Your husband's ancestor and his brothers were quite the foes, especially James' own ancestor. Used a piece of my own cloak to evade me -" "But in the end, you met as equals," Lily said, recalling the tale. "So the story says," Death said, "I admit, I gained a bit of respect for the man. If I hadn't, I certainly would not have let his son or your husband's bloodline keep my cloak. But no one will ever equal me, and there is certainly nobody who can become my Master, even if they unite my gifts." "So," Lily said, "I assume I am here to go onto the next great adventure. I am here at the train station. So, what? Do I take a train into a dark tunnel and come out on the other side to whatever greets me?" "That... is one possibility," Death said. "I have more than one option?" Lily asked, "I'm dead, aren't I? I assume moving on is what happens after death." "That is what happens to the majority, true," Death said, "However, do you believe everyone who passes on gets to meet me? Not! Do you know how many people die each day? I am much too busy to meet thousands of lost souls every single day of my existence!" "So... what, am I special or something?" Lily asked, with a snort. "Or something," Death said. "Let's just say, you're not exactly 'special', but your son is." "Harry?" Lily asked; this brought her back to the reality of what had happened, "I couldn't protect my son. I just let that... that monster kill me and..." "And in doing so, you protected your son," Death said, "Fear not, Lily Potter, Harry survived that night." Lily's eyes brightened as she looked at Death. "How?" "Your sacrifice," Death said, "You standing there, defying that monster, demanding he take you instead of your son – that love you shown for your son protected him. Voldemort could not touch him. He tried to kill your son with the Killing Curse, but it rebounded on Voldemort." "Voldemort is dead?" Lily asked. "No," Death snarled, "He has evaded me." "How?" Lily asked. "Have you ever heard of the term Horcruxes?" Death asked. Lily gasped; she had researched many things in her life. Light subjects, Grey subjects, and yes, she dabbled in the research of some Dark subjects. The subject of Horcruxes was the Darkest. "So you have," Death said, "Yes, Voldemort has made Horcruxes. He has seven, including himself, and will in the future make one more. His latest, however, was unintentional." Lily's quick mind came to the same conclusion Death was supplying. "No!" Lily growled, "It can't be true!" "It is," Death said, "Your son has a shard of Voldemort's soul resting inside him." "Can it be taken out?" Lily asked. "It can," Death said, "However, most wand-wielders who know of such subjects, one wizard in particular who knows about Horcruxes, would believe that your son must die for the Horcrux to be destroyed." "No!" Lily growled again. "Calm yourself, Lily Potter," Death said, "I say that wand-wielders believe this to be true. However, other magic users have their own ways of ridding objects, or living beings of Horcruxes. But their own existence is looked down upon by wand-wielders that not even the smartest of wizards would ask them." "Goblins?" Lily asked. "Indeed," Death said. "If someone were to take Harry to a Goblin Healer, the Horcrux would be transferred to an object, and then destroyed. However, as I said -" "Not many wizards would think of such an option," Lily said, with a frown, "Is there any way to do so? Someone needs to know so Harry can get rid of it!" "Yes," Death said. Lily's eyes brightened. She did not expect that answer. "How?" "To even begin answering that question, we must backtrack in our conversation," Death said. "Why am I, Death, meeting you here instead of compelling you to walk onto a train? Because, Lily Potter, I am going to give you a choice of two options." Lily was about to ask what the two options were when she heard the squealing sound of metal. She looked over her shoulder and saw a long black train approaching. Soon, accompanied by a squeal of breaks, the train stopped along the platform. "Choice one," Death said, "You could walk onto that train and be reunited with your husband." Lily's eyes widened as she saw, through one of the train's windows, her husband James Potter. He was staring ahead, not looking anywhere except forward. If he looked out the window, he would have seen her. She motioned to call for him, to walk toward the train, when Death raised a cloaked arm. "Don't be so hasty Lily Potter," Death said, "I assure you, the second choice is just as tasty as the first." "What option could be better than reuniting with my husband?" Lily asked. "Why, reuniting with your son, of course," Death said. Lily, who had been staring at her husband, now jerked her head back to Death. "What?" she asked. "You just said my son isn't dead. Is this some sick plot to kill my son?" Death chuckled. "No, my dear, quite the opposite. You see, instead of stepping onto the train, meeting your husband, and moving on, you could choose to walk back through the portal." "And where would I go?" Lily asked. "Why, back to the land of the living, of course," Death said. Lily gaped in disbelief. "I would live again? You, Death, would permit me to live instead of claiming another soul, another passenger for your train? Why?" "Voldemort, or as he is really known, Tom Marvolo Riddle, has been alluding me for many years," Death said, "He should have died the night he killed you, if it wasn't for those blasted Horcruxes. Oh, yes, Voldemort will die... eventually. But he would make life a living hell for your son, Harry's future friends, and many others. I can see how your mind is working. If I didn't give you a choice, sure, there would be more souls for my train. However, Riddle is my greatest enemy. The Horcruxes are an abomination! I want them destroyed soon! Sooner rather than later! I want Riddle destroyed! Unfortunately..." "Unfortunately what?" Lily asked. "Unfortunately," Death said, "It is your son who is prophesized to defeat Riddle. And right now, there are certain individuals who are trying to not make that happen. Oh, they want Riddle dead. But they also want your son dead, in order to give themselves and others a more... fruitful life." "Are you telling me they want to use my son for their own gains?" Lily asked. "Yes," Death said, "Exactly so." "Who?" Lily growled. "Who is doing this?" Death's hood jerked toward Lily and he stared at her. "Are you sure you want to hear this? If I tell you this, and other things, you may not believe me. It may seem impossible to you, but it is the truth. I am not trying to manipulate you. I have my own gains, but I assure you, my most important gain is to see Riddle and those who serve him dead." "Who is it?" Lily hissed. "Albus Dumbledore," Death said. Lily flinched. Albus Dumbledore was the headmaster of Hogwarts, the school she had learned about magic, the place that had changed her life. Dumbledore was like a mentor to her. "See?" Death said, "You are already doubting me." "What has he done?" Lily asked, "What will he do?" "Dumbledore told you and James about the prophecy regarding your son, did he not?" Death asked. "He told me and James what the prophecy said," Lily said; then she realized something. "If he wanted to manipulate my son, why would he tell me and James the prophecy? Unless..." "Unless he knew you and your husband would not be around to tell your son," Death said. "You would not be around to