Royals Bella/Rosalie OOC/AU/FUTA … 2006 Bella POV I was sipping on a flat coca cola while staring at the paper work in front of me. It seemed as though my three-year vacation was up. There were papers scattered around everywhere with "sensitive" information, when really it was anything you could easily look up on the Internet. I was currently staring at a photo of some bronze haired guy named Edward Cullen, he resided in Washington with his other golden-eyed friends. I was supposed to go over there and arrest him and the coven leader and bring them in for attempted exposure. Sounded like an easy job though Washington State is literally across the map. I'd need money, a passport, and a ride. I haven't spoken to my brother in quite some time. Last I heard of him he was in Australia taking care of some business for the "Royal Lords." It's a bullshit name, personally I think there shouldn't be any government in the supernatural world but I wasn't around when the rules were made. Back in the 1950's during the cold war the "Royal Lords" were referred to as the Volturi. And the Volturi became weary of this particular war because of the weapons that were being produced. They figured if we, the supernatural community, decided to out ourselves, that the world now had weapons that could easily destroy us. So whatever world domination plan the Volturi had was put under the rug for later. The Volturi started recruiting vampires and wolves alike to help protect them. Problem was that there was so much more in the supernatural world that they weren't aware of. When the word got out that the Volturi was looking for wolves, anyone with an ounce of wolf DNA in their blood stream took them up on the offer. Shifters, Lycans, purebred werewolves… the list goes on. The Volturi weren't aware of the Japanese Labs; a group of shifters who were still a little salty after the first war. So they decided that going to the Volturi to pledge their allegiance, and then taking out the rulers, was a good step to causing chaos throughout the country. Long story short, they over through the Volturi easily and placed themselves as the leaders and called themselves the "Royal Lords". Only one vampire worked for them a few humans and other shifters. It works pretty well, they don't brag about their power or make any unrealistic rules. They just make sure that no one exposes our world and that no one tries to overtake them, they're like the neighborhood watch so to speak. A few Lycans were selected to hold a contract with them; my brother and I were among the few that were picked. My brother was hired to be a hit man after forgoing training. My job was like a bounty hunter of sorts. Dead or Alive, bring them in. Vampires usually were never the ones to be brought in, they lived on their own, blending into the human crowd, not making a scene. Whenever a vampire was brought in though, they never made it out. Usually whatever crime they did was punishable by death, and the Royal Lords were never really fans of vampires to begin with. So I packed an overnight bag, figuring I wouldn't be there for too long and went to shower and get ready. When I put my bag over my shoulder I took out my phone to call up a guy who does my paper work so I could pick up my new passport and other legal papers. I figured I'd just go right in and arrest the boy, bring him back quickly so I could get back to my vacation. Three hours later, I found myself on a private plane going towards the dreaded United States. There were two guards on the plane with me to witness that I am indeed doing my job. The pilot seemed to be human though, which was strange considering the business matter. I was briefed that when I made contact with this Cullen boy that I am to report it immediately before taking any action, though I still have the right to kill if needed. I never asked many questions about the charge being filed against him; I care more about the pay out So after a day of riding around in a plane we touched down in Seattle. It was nighttime, and though I had plenty to eat on my ride over, I didn't get a wink of sleep. I was told I have only a week before he needed to be brought back, or they'd send in someone else to do my job. So, I quickly booked a hotel for the night and looked forward to sending this Cullen to the Royal Lords so I could get back to my home. By the time I was up and ready to start my day it was late in the afternoon. I don't sleep in much but the jet lag and extreme time zone change took a toll on my body. I dressed up in my usual jeans and t-shirt. The weather doesn't affect me but people seemed to be wearing sweatshirts and other long sleeved outer garments. So I put on my jacket that had the Royal Lord's symbol on it, and slid on some boots. I looked like a regular teenager, not some supernatural "police officer". I pulled out the manila envelope and placed it on the small desk the room provided. I took out the contents and went through the various pages until I found what I was looking for, an address. I read it over and over until I memorized it and replaced the papers back into the folder. I continued packing all of my things. Figuring this should be my last day here anyway. After I put my bag on my shoulder I left the hotel and walked around outside until I spotted a tree line. I quickly made my way towards it until I was deep enough in the woods to run at a speed that would get me two cities over in less than half an hour. My mind was processing the possible scenario's that could happen once I showed up at their doorstep. The longer I thought about it the more obvious it became that this might not be easy at all. I stopped dead in my tracks when the smell of vampire mixed with something too familiar slapped me in my face. I was deep in the woods but the harder I looked I could make out a small path that my feet automatically decided to follow. The tree line broke and I could make out a house that was bigger than anything I've ever seen. The walls were all glass, giving me a clear view of the Vampires that were already aware of my presence. I continued to walk, sure that they would at least come outside eventually without making me knock on their front door. But I was wrong. I had to knock, and it pissed me off. When the door opened, a man who looked to be frozen in his late twenties opened the door. His golden eyes were a little unsettling considering it just looked unnatural. "Hello, my name is Bella, I was sent here by the Royal Lords to retrieve the leader of this coven and an Edward Cullen." I stated. The man seemed to freeze up for a split second before quickly recovering. He didn't speak at all instead just stepped to the side, I assume to let me in, which I did. He closed the door and I looked around quickly, getting a feel of my surroundings. The staircase was directly in front of me, which spiraled up to the second floor. To my right it seemed to lead to a dining room of sorts, and to my left was the living room which I can now see held a couple of vampires who stared at me with either confusion, fear, or indifference. The one that caught my eye was a blonde male who looked all too familiar. His curly hair was pushed back into a small ponytail and his golden eyes looked towards me with what could only be shock. I'm sure I was wearing the same look. Jasper Whitlock. He was the only vampire that worked for the Royal Lords. He was sent away a few years back on a mission they said would take a lot of time. I wondered if he knew about this Edward Cullen fellow, or if he was in the middle of a case that had to deal with a separate person. Either way I suddenly felt as if I was intruding on his work, but still, I have a job to do. He was a human drinker as well, so seeing his eyes golden like that put me off completely. I'm not sure what kind of things they're into in the coven but I couldn't wait to get out of this house. No one talked, but they kind of stared curiously at the stare off me and Jasper were in the middle of. Still, the scent I thought was familiar wasn't coming from him; one of his powers has to deal with cutting his scent off in time of danger. Not sure why he'd do that when I'm around, but I'm sure he has his reasons. Suddenly there was knock from behind me. I turned and noticed I was still standing in front of the door, so I moved off to the side as the older blonde man opened the door once again. I didn't know who was behind the door but the blonde vamp seemed to have fear dripping out of his pores. "Hello. Your time is up, as you know. I've given you three weeks. My boss isn't too happy with it. So I need to take you both before I get fired, and they send someone way worse." The voice was familiar but seemed to be gruffer. My curiosity got the best of me so I walked behind the vampire to look over his shoulder. "You've got to be fucking kidding me, I'm here because you can't do your job?" I stated while looking at the green eyes of my brother. He scratched the back of his neck and shrugged. "They're very convincing people. So I guess this is yours job now hm?" He smiled while stating that, his right dimple showing as he came into the house, uninvited and kind of shrugged the vampire out of the way. His beefy arms wrapped around my waist and pulled me up. His hugs were always bear like but I couldn't help but get excited that I was seeing my brother after such a long time. "I thought you were in Australia." I mumbled into his shoulder. He put me down and sighed, obviously thinking about something. "I was. The mission went smoothly. I was on my way back to the UK when I received another phone call that I needed to come up here and grab some vampires that were trying to expose themselves. This coven likes to travel a lot though, so when I came up here there were only three of them." He looked past me into the living room and scrunched up his face. "Now there are seven, which is weird. Isn't there like another rule with how many members are allowed?" He glanced at the vampire who now closed the door and was leaning against it. "Yeah, what's your name anyway? I keep calling you vamp in my head." He smiled genuinely before holding out his hand. "Carlisle." I shook his hand and nodded. So Carlisle cleared his throat before putting his hands into his pockets. "My coven only has 5 members, but we do know other vampires who come through and stay a while. There are two extra people here that