Catching Fire Finfic By; Noelle Deschene Chapter 1 It's the day of the victory tour, and I'm required to be on the tour, because I have won 2 Hunger Games before, and it's time for Katniss Everdeen and Peeta Malark's victory tour. They were the first two people ever permitted to have two victors to live. I want to tell them both that if the Gamemakers hadn't of been so scared of not having a victor, both of them would be dead. I'm hunting in the woods, tracking a rabbit, when I start thinking about Cato, my older brother that died in the last Hunger Games, thanks to Katniss and Peeta. They say to be in love with each other, but I'm much smarter than all the people they fooled in the Capitol. I know that Peeta maybe still in love with Katniss, but to me Katniss isn't very convincing. No matter what, she just doesn't seem too sure of if she is in love with Peeta. I'm getting ready to kill the rabbit with my throwing knife, when me and Cato's friend, Jace, comes up behind me, and makes me lose my focus by yelling, "Why are you trying to catch a rabbit, Bramble? You know that they are always too fast for you!" I try throwing my knife at the rabbit before it gets away, but my knife lands in a nearby tree. "What the heck!? Why can't you just let me focus and get a rabbit every once in a while, like a normal person?" "Well, a normal person wouldn't be out here hunting, now would they?" He says back, smirking as usual. I go over to retrieve my knife, and then when I get back over to reply, within a matter of seconds, I'm on the ground with a knife to my neck, underneath Jace. "To fast for me, just like always, Jace. You don't have to attack me anymore." I say. He just looks at me and smiles. Then he uses his knife to trace around the circle of the necklace that hangs around my neck. I can't help feeling that I'm about to blush. "Why do you still wear this out hunting? Someone could see that necklace and realize that it's you, and I told Cato I wouldn't let you get in trouble." He said while he got up and helped me up. "Well, I still wear it, just because it's the last thing Cato gave me. You and I both watched him die, so I need something positive to remember him by." I reply back. He smiles at me. "Why don't we go visit his grave?" I shake my head. "No way. I'll be crying, and I don't really want to cry before I have to leave for the tour." "Well, then how about you sing for me? You should remember that old song that Katniss sings. I'm sure Cato would love to hear you again…" He says. I do remember the song. I don't really like to sing that much, it reminds me of when I was in the Hunger Games and my ally, Jaces little brother, died. "Ok." I sigh. "Deep in the meadow, under the willow, a bed of grass a soft green pillow. Lay down your head, and close your sleepy eyes and when the again open, the sun will rise. Here it's safe, here it's warm, and here the daisies guard you from every harm. Here your dreams are sweet and tomorrow brings them true. Here is the place where I love you. Deep in the meadow, hidden far away a cloak of leaves, a moonbeam ray. Forget your woes and let your troubles lay, and when again it's morning, they'll wash away. Here it's safe, here it's warm, and here the daisies guard you from every harm. Here your dreams are sweet and tomorrow brings them true, here is the place where I love you." I sing, and by the time I'm done we arrived at the gate to our District. "Very good. Did you hear the birds? It sounded like they all froze just to listen to you sing. They must think you have a beautiful voice." He says. I can't help blushing, but I use my hair to hide my face from him. He starts giggling when he sees me hiding. Ever since we met, he's been finding ways to make me embarrassed and it somehow makes me like him more, and him laugh. "Come on, let's just get trading before you have to go on the tour." He said while trying not to laugh. "Um, yeah, about that….. How would you like to go on the tour with me? My grandfather said that I could bring someone if I wanted to, and you're the one that calms me down, no matter what. Well, what do you think?" I ask. "Really? Of course I will go with you. Remember? Cato assigned me to keep you safe." He smiled at me, and before even thinking, I threw my arms around him and started saying "Thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you!" And he smiled and hugged me back. I let go, and he said that he would handle the trade route, because he knew I had to get ready for my prep team. And he had to get ready to leave, too. About an hour later, my prep team arrives at my house in the Victors Village. My prep team is made up of all girls, Mary, China, and Agatha. When they get into my room, they all flock me, saying what their life has been like, and how there is a lot of business that I have to attend to once the tour gets to the capitol, and how it's apparently a very bad idea to have feather and sparkle costumes at birthday parties. My grandfather is, unfortunately, President Snow, the president of all of Panem, so I'm sometimes stuck with the problems that I know how to handle, and he doesn't want to deal with. My stylist, Emily, is just like all the other people in the Capitol. She wears way too much glitter eye liner, and has a different colored wig every time I see her, and giant fake eyelashes, and glittery tattoos. But when it comes to her clothes, she has the style of a genius. She always makes me glittery gowns and puffy dresses, just everything she makes me is so amazing, and when she walks in, I get up and hug her right away, and she smiles and hugs me back. "How have you been, cupcake?" She says. That's her nickname for me, when I was in the games our angle for the interview was that I was as sweet as a cupcake, so she thought of calling my cupcake. "I've been fine. Since about 3 minutes ago, I haven't heard a word from the capitol, but I have an idea on who I want to bring with me on the tour….." I reply. "Ok, what's her name and where does she live?" Emily says as she works through the bag of clothes and dresses she brought with her, for me of course, and got out a fur coat for me to wear in district 12. "Um, about that… His name is Jace, and he was Cato and my best friend. But he and I are still friends." I answer. Almost as if on cue, all of them give a, "Oooo!" in unison. "What? Is it wrong to bring my best friend who just happens to be a boy? Besides, Cato told him that if he died in the arena, which he did, that Jace has to protect me and keep me out of trouble. And he has, so I trust him to come with me on the tour." I say, rolling my eyes. All of them start giggling as I'm dressed and my hair in its signature off to the side curl. By the time I'm done, it's nearly time to leave for the tour. I tell them where Jace lives, which is probably a mistake, but then all of them are back with him in nearly two seconds, because he was already at the door knocking, in his best clothes. I've never seen his fancy clothes before, so I have nothing to say, just giggling. "Hey, watch it, miss fur." He reply's to my giggling, which stops when he says that, and I realize that I look much more ridiculous. He will only be making appearances at districts 1-11. He will also make an appearance at the capitol, but I'm the only one who will be making an appearance at district 12. "Well, I'm the only one who is making an appearance in district 12, and it's cold and snowy up there, so I need the fur. And remember who is taking you on the tour, keeping you from working." I snap back at him. He smiles and rolls his eyes. Within 45 minutes, mostly taken up by Emily prepping Jace, we're on the train heading for district 12. I take off my coat and hand it to one of the capitol servants. "Well, what do you think?" I ask Jace. "Whoa… This place is too cool, and you got to spend a day on here, 2 times? If I would have known that the train was this nice, I would have volunteered for Cato." He says, laughing in astonishment. "Yeah it's nice, I guess. But wait until we get to the capitol. This seems like nothing." I say back. "Want me to help you look around, or do you just want to wander around?" I ask. "How about you show me around, because I'm almost positive that that if I wander around, I'm gonna cause all kinds of trouble." He reply's. I begin to laugh, but catch myself and try to hold back, but can't help it, and laugh anyway. When I look at Jace, he's smiling at me, but when I look at him he looks away, nervously. "Well, ok then. Why don't we start off with your room?" I lead him down a few hall ways, to the room car. I show him a small room with its own bathroom inside. "This is your room. Peeta's room is next door, and Katniss' and my room is across the hall. Next is where you, Peeta, Katniss, Haymitch, Effie, and I will all be eating." I lead him down another two halls, until we get to the dining car, which is full of capitol delicacies'. "Wow… Can we eat this stuff, Bramble?" He asks. I nod. "What? Can we eat it now?" I nod. "But pace yourself, or you might be going to bed with a stomach ache. I don't want you throwing up when we get to district 12. Got it?" I tell him, good thing too, because if I hadn't told him, he would be stuffing himself sick. "Well, I'm going to my room. You know where I am if you need me." When I get to my room, Jace was done eating and was heading back to his room. When he did get back, he knocked on my door. "Yes?" I asked as I answered the door. "How much longer until we arrive in district 12?" "About tomorrow, noonish. Why?" I ask. "Well, this train is stuffy." "Then just wait until we stop for a fuel break, which shouldn't be too long from now." I answer back to him. When it's time for the fuel break, it's sundown. I hear Jace calling my name, so I leave my room, and we walk out to see the sunset. "Wow… I've forgotten how beautiful the sunset out here is. We should be near district 6 by now." I say as I sit down on the track with him. I feel him put his hand on mine, but don't object it. We sit there in silence