Sixteen year old Jasper Ailill Whitlock stood in the barn of his father's home. He was dragging a brush slowly through a horse's tail. Occasionally stopping to pat it's side. He was big for a sixteen year old, already 6'0 and still growing, he was also extraordinarily handsome and incredibly strong. When his mother's few friends would come over she would drag Jasper in and they would marvel over his size, and his strength and his face, and they would whisper among themselves about whose daughter he would eventually marry. A heavy leather satchel stood by his feet like a guard on sentry. His faded dark blue chambray shirt was unbuttoned, underneath it was a light cotton shirt. His plain black trousers were sewn and rough. His feet were bare. The oil lamp next to him glowed mellowly, throwing shadows across the large barn. He sat the brush down and reached into the satchel and pulled out a pouch of tobacco and a slim piece of paper. He rolled himself a cigarette and lit it on the lamp. The slaves had already retired to their quarters. His father was asleep, and that was always a blessing, his mother was sitting in the house, sewing or cleaning or doing whatever it was she did with her few moments of peace. Jasper picked the brush back up dragged it across the horse's tail one last time and then sat down on a stool, smoking and staring at the rafters. He would be going to Virginia tomorrow, to begin the process of facing his destiny. He didn't want to fight, he didn't care for slavery at all. When he could manage it he would try and treat the slaves his family owned with dignity, treat them with some measure of kindness. Treat them like the human beings they were. This would incense his father, and he would occasionally have to take a beating. But he hadn't cried about a beating since he was eleven, and now his father after beating him so hard he would be huffing and puffing and blowing would give it up as a bad job after Jasper would just stare blankly, taking the punches and kicks and hits with a face so stoic it bordered on moronic. His father liked victims that would scream, that would cry and beg. And Jasper never cried and begged anymore. But when his father announced that he was sending him to war, that he was going to fight for the proud south, and possibly bring glory to the Whitlock family Jasper didn't argue. He nodded his assent, so here he was, brushing his old horse as a way of saying goodbye. It was the only thing on the homestead that he truly cared for. He smoked his cigarette down to a stub and put it out, then rolled another one. He ran a hand through his thick blonde hair and slouched against one of the wooden posts of the horse pens and crossed his ankles. He was sitting there smoking when he heard the footsteps, his brother Gabriel was walking in. Gabriel was short and pale and mean looking. His forehead was wide and low, his ears were large, his teeth crooked. His blonde hair lank and lifeless and dry. Of the 5 blue-eyed Whitlocks his were the only ones that weren't a blazing blue, they appeared washed out. Though he was only 14 Gabriel was bulky, he had his fathers build. Bullish and wide, with heavily muscled arms and legs. He used his great strength to bully neighborhood children, teenagers and even a few of the adults. He took great joy out of intimidating and berating the slaves on the farm. After Joshua he was quite possibly the most favorite of his father's children. Gabriel also hated Jasper like poison. The reason for his hatred was simple, Gabriel could not intimidate Jasper. He did not scare him, he could not beat him. Gabriel came out often times on top when fighting Joshua, and he had beaten up Alva Jr. so badly in their few scraps he would cry, and he often times would trip and push and hit Jane, but every time he tried to fight Jasper he would find himself beaten so badly he would be the one on the verge of tears. "Howdy brother, gettin' ready to ride out in the morning." Gabriel said, walking over to Jasper. "What you want Gabriel, I ain't got no time for your foolishness and no interest in listenin' to none of the horseshit that's gonna come out your mouth boy." Jasper said, still staring at the rafters. "Well shoot, my big brother's riding off to war tomorrow. I wanted to come and say fare thee well, you ain't been up to the house in a few days, ain't know if I'd have the chance." Gabriel said standing in front of Jasper. "Well you done said it, get out my face boy. I ain't got time for you." Jasper said blowing smoke out of his mouth. "Aw don't be like that brother, I can't want to come and just talk to my favorite nigger-loving brother." Gabriel said. "Gabriel, I'm tellin you, get out my face. If I got to say it again I'm gonna stand up, and if I stand up we're gonna have our own civil war right here in this goddamn barn." Jasper said, putting the cigarette out. "You know, them niggers is mighty sweet on you, and you mighty sweet on them niggers. You'd almost think you was their slave stead' of it bein' the other way round." Gabriel said. "Only person I'm mighty sweet on is you boy cause I'm givin' you so many chances to walk out this barn. You get one more chance. Get out of my face boy." Jasper said. Gabriel laughed "Yeah, mighty sweet on you. Imagine I'm gonna have a good time with em' when you're gone. There's this one little nigger girl in that shed right now, talkin' bout' getting married tomorrow, talkin bout ole Master Jasper saying how happy he was for her an all that. What a nigger know about getting married I says to daddy, so round the time you're goin' off to die, she'll be going on over to the Smithsheds down the road a little ways. I might could get some alone time with her fore we send her off and all." Jasper moved lightning quick, popping Gabriel in the nose with a hard right straight. When Gabriel staggered back, holding his bleeding nose Jasper slammed his left fist into his stomach, so fast it was almost simultaneous Jasper pushed Gabriel back and kicked his knee out. Gabriel dropped and Jasper grabbed his arm and pulled it behind his back, Jasper went around to his back and locked his hand around his throat. "Listen to me boy, if you scream for daddy I'm gonna break your goddamn arm and give him something to be mad about you understand me?" Jasper wrenched Gabriel's arm up and he bleated. "Stop all that goddamn bleating, you ain't a sheep. You understand? I'mma let go of your throat, and if you scream for that man I'm gonna break your arm right here in this barn boy." Jasper released his grip on Gabriel's throat, and Gabriel, his eyes wet with tears choked out a sobbing "Yes." "Good, now you listen to me boy. You already gonna ruin that girls happiness, but if you go near her you'd better hope I die in that goddamn war, cause I'm gonna come back Gabriel Kennewick Whitlock, and when I find out I'm gonna kill you. You don't mean nothing to me boy. You're just an evil old thing and I shoulda killed you in your crib the moment momma birthed you, you understand?" Jasper said, wrenching Gabriel's arm up again, he didn't just bleat this time, it was a stifled shriek. "Yeah, I shoulda killed you, I shoulda killed Joshua and I shoulda killed Alva, junior and senior. Everybody asleep in that house right now ain't they? But not you, you're wide awake ain't you boy?" Jasper said, and he wrenched Gabriel's arm again, Gabriel was dripping sweat, his eyes bulging, his shoulder feeling like it was filled with fire. "Yes! Yes everyone's asleep but momma!" Gabriel cried out. "Yeah, I just bet, buncha sleepin' devils. Dreamin' of alfalfa and clover. Wouldn't be a thing for me to kill your evil ass right here in the barn and then go in that house and kill each and every other one of em would it? I can do it, daddy ain't teach me much, but I can kill. And I can hurt." Jasper said, and he pushed Gabriel forward and dug his knee into his back, Gabriel's face fell into the hay of the barn, the chaff making him sneeze and cough, blood running freely from his nose. "You think you're tough don't you boy?" Jasper said, and he dug his knee into Gabriel's back, and he shrieked again. "No! No I don't think I'm tough, I ain't tough!" Gabriel cried out, tears flowing from his eyes. "Yeah you do, don't lie. You think you tough cause you can bully them folks, you ain't tough boy. You think that horseshit daddy tells you makes you tough, you ain't nothing. Ain't none of y'all nothing." Jasper said, and he grabbed Gabriel's index finger. "How many times I done had to beat you boy? How many times before your dumbass learns? I should fuck you up good and proper so you remember everytime you look at what I leave you with, what tough is." Jasper said, and he bent Gabriel's finger to the breaking point. Gabriel started to scream and Jasper released him and pushed him by the back of his head into the ground. "Don't scream boy, you tough ain't you? Tough don't scream." Jasper grabbed Gabriel's wrists and put his arms behind his back, he grabbed a hank of rope and tied them in a tight knot, then knelt down next to him. "Look at you, hogtied." Jasper walked over to his bag, he grabbed his beaten leather sheath. The knife he slid out of it was quite sharp, he went and sat down next to Gabriel. "Ten fingers, ten toes, and an ugly ass face. I'm givin' you a choice, what you want to lose." Gabriel couldn't stop crying, his nose was running snot and blood. "Jasper please, please don't hurt me. I'm sorry I'm sorry don't hurt me." "Naw naw, I ain't ask you to beg, I asked you what you wanted me to cut off. What can you live without boy, come on I ain't got all night." Jasper said, unlooping his belt and stropping the knife. "Come on boy, I got places to be in the morning." Jasper said. Gabriel cried, he cried harder than he ever had in his life, his shoulder was on fire, the ropes were cutting off blood in his hands, his nose was bleeding and the hay chaff was making a paste on his face from the blood and sweat and snot. "Jasper please, please please." Jasper put the point of the knife against Gabriel's closed eye "Maybe daddy'll get you a nice eyepatch." and he cut the ropes binding Gabriel. "Don't move, you lay there till I go in that house. I'm gonna turn around while I'm walking, and if I see your big ugly ass doing anythin' but laying there I'm gonna come back and cut your pitiful ass up boy." Jasper punched Gabriel in his face, raising a mouse underneath his eyelid, he punched him again in the face, raising a knot on his forehead. "I'm losing myself Gabriel, every day I'm here I get to feeling like I need to kill each and every one of you. I get to feeling like you should all be good and dead. I get to feeling like I