Bella sat in the crowded lunchroom, she had finally managed to get her bearings, and her first day was proven stressful. She had gathered a bit of a crowd around her, and she was grateful for it. Angela and Jessica were sweethearts, and they were immensely helpful in easing her into the life of being not just a "new kid" but THE "new kid". Mike and Tyler were jocks, but Mike was cute, and flirty in an innocent way, and Tyler couldn't be described as anything but chill, Eric was charming and geeky with a great smile and easy to get along with, Ben was dull as dishwater, but he wasn't pushy. "Man, I don't even know how I feel coolin' with Chief Swan's kid. She might be a narc." Mike said, laughing. "Didn't Chief Swan give you that MIP last year Mike?" Tyler asked. "Yeah man, it was bullshit. And I only got it cause Eric didn't let me know the chief was coming, he just took off running." Mike said, punching Eric in the shoulder. Eric laughed, "Dude, you'd have to be crazy if you think I'm bringing a ticket to my parents to ask them to pay for it. You should've picked up on me running away. Not my fault you're dumb as hell." "Mike Newton, confirmed dumbass. But Chief Swan is cool, he let us slide on a dime bag once. And Bella over here is just the sweetest." Jessica said. Bella blushed and looked at her shoes, "I'm not that sweet. You guys are just way too nice." Angela laughed, "How's your first day going?" Bella shrugged "It's going. I'm here, it could probably be worse." "Nothing is ever worse here." Mike said. "Maybe not for you Mr. All-Star. But some of us don't get to skate on our homework cause we're winning games." Ben said. Mike laughed. "You wanna talk about skating cause you won a game you're talking to the wrong guy, Emmett barely comes to class and no one ever says anything about it. You'd think the dude was Jesus or something with the amount of fucks he gives about this place." "Emmett?" Bella asked. Mike rolled his eyes, "Emmett Cullen, one of the docs kids. They showed up like 2 years ago and you'd think they own the place or something." "You're just jealous he made captain on his first go and knocked you off." Tyler said. "I'd be jealous of the guy too, have you seen his girl? She's bad as fuck dude." Bella was confused, and apparently the confusion was on her face because Jessica said, "There's a doctor and his nurse wife in town, and when they moved here they brought their kids along with them. Three of them are like, their birth kids or whatever. And they adopted another two." She gestured to an empty table set well and away from the others. "That's where they normally sit." "And Emmett and his girlfriend are one of them?" Bella asked. "Welllllll, it's a little weird. Rosalie's last name is Hale and Emmett is a Cullen, like how gross is that? Dating your adopted sister?" Jessica said. Tyler laughed, "That's white people shit for you." He said, shaking his head. "Better watch out Jess, Ty, Angela has a crush on Emmett I think." Eric said. "No, Angela has a crush on the psychopath." Ben said. Angela was blushing, her face burning up. Bella looked at Ben, "One of them is crazy?" she asked. Ben shook his head, "I don't know if he's crazy or not, but he sure looks it. Dude is creepy to be around, doesn't talk to anybody, doesn't do anything but get his 4.0's and go home." Ben paused for a second. "He's got this huge scar on his face too." Bella got the feeling that Ben didn't like this guy too much, and she wasn't dumb enough to not put two and two together and figure it was because Angela apparently had a crush on him. "He's not crazy." Angela said. "He's really sweet actually. He just keeps to himself." "Yeah, Jasper is cool I think." Tyler said. "He's fast as hell too, I tried to talk Emmett into putting him as running back but he's not into sports." Bella snorted "Jasper? What kind of old person name is that?" Jessica laughed, "I know right? He talks like a redneck too. I don't know how his sister sounds so normal and he sounds like John Wayne or something. It's really weird." "His sister?" Bella asked. "Rosalie is Jasper's sister. The Hale twins, only she doesn't have the redneck accent and heads like ninety committees. It's crazy how much of the school she's involved in that he isn't." Jessica said. "If any of them are crazy it's Alice. That girl is spaced all the way out." Eric said. "I've got Yearbook with her and she's crazy as hell. I'm pretty sure she's barred out twenty-four seven." Angela laughed, "I like Alice, she's got style." "Yeah from like the 80's, you'd think she thinks she's Sid Vicious or something." Eric said. "No shit, but check it out." Jessica said, nodding toward the outside door of the lunchroom. "Here they come, fashionably late as usual." Bella looked toward the door, and was temporarily stunned into silence by the people filing in. They looked way too old, like in their 20's or something. Like they should be college kids instead of high school students. Jessica pointed with her thumb, "The one in the lead is Jasper." and Angela blushed. Jasper was a tall blonde guy, his hair thick and curly and the kind of honey blonde that could only come out of a bottle, he had a slender golden headband holding it back. His chambray shirt was gray and he was wearing a thick leather belt with a gigantic silver buckle and jeans that came up to just above his slim hips. And like Jessica said he had to think he was John Wayne cause he was wearing cowboy boots. None of this made him any less cute. His full lips and high cheekbones and almond shaped eyes weren't even kind of offset by the giant scar over his nose. He walked with easy grace over to the lunch line. Angela was staring at him with stars in her eyes, "Put your tongue back in your mouth Angela, we get it you think the guy is cute." Ben said sourly. Angela blushed and closed her mouth. Behind him was another tall guy, with a full head of thick brown hair. He was wide through the shoulders and roided up, there was no way an 18 year old could be that muscled up. He had to be juicing, he was straining the bright red polo he was wearing, and his dark blue jeans were fashionably distressed, for some strange reason he was wearing steel toed work boots. The gorgeous blonde girl next to him was tall, and filled out. She had the same full lips as her brother, and her makeup was perfect, it didn't make any sense that any highschool girl could be that fine. Her yoga pants showed off her fantastic legs, and the plain white T-shirt she was wearing complemented the look. Jessica leaned over, "That's Emmett and Rosalie, the creeps." "Didn't you ask Emmett to Bell Dance last year Jess?" Angela said. Jessica blushed, "No, I asked his brother." "His brother?" Bella asked. "There are three Cullen's, Emmett has a little brother and sister. That's them." Jessica said. There were two kids behind Emmett, and Bella understood the Sid Vicious comparison with the girl. She was small,like super small, maybe 5'3 in hiking boots with a messy head of black hair in a pixie cut, she had two studded bands on her wrists and the belt on her black skinny jeans was spiked and bright red. She had three dangling earrings in one ear and two small hoops through her bottom lip. Her lipstick was black as tar. The leather jacket she was wearing was patched and faded, and underneath was a white midriff top. Like the others she was crazy cute. The boy walking next to her had messy brown hair, he was shorter than Emmett and Jasper but a little bit taller than Rosalie. He was wearing a black v-neck and jeans over old school PF flyers. He had a leather bracelet on one wrist and a black studded band on the other. "That's Edward and Alice, she's crazy and he's probably a serial killer." Mike said. Jessica laughed, "Mike's just jealous because I asked Edward to the dance." "Fucking right I'm jealous, I don't know why you'd ask captain creep before me." Mike said. Bella was still watching them, they piled their trays and sat down at the table together. Edward had a grimace on his face and Jasper and Emmett were laughing. "Aww, cool out Eddie." Jasper said. "Yeah man, so what they're talking about us. Happens all the time." Emmett said. "Besides, Mike's good on the line, and Tyler's a good running back. Not like I can just beat them up." "It's not that, it just get's annoying. You'd think we'd be old news by now." Edward said, moving his fork around his plate. "I hate this shit, I'd rather just get a job." Jasper laughed, "Take it easy junior, before you kill Emmett's rep around this place." Edward scowled at him. "They think you're crazy you know?" Jasper shrugged, "They're probably right. I ain't got it all upstairs." Rosalie was digging through her phone, "Good lord, I have reminders for everything. This is one aspect of school I did not miss. Not only do I have to do everything, I can't trust anyone else to do it." "Why do we always get plates? It's not like we eat anything on it." Alice said, balancing her milk carton on her fingertip. "We've been here two years and every lunch period we get a plate. It still confuses me." "Why we still show up is my question, we wouldn't have to do this if Carlisle hadn't insisted we "socialize". I can get social with a job. What do I need a diploma for, it's bullshit." Edward said, jabbing his fork into the tray. Emmett laughed, "You should try out for football man, join the team. Coach Clapp says we got college scouts coming to the next game, I might score a free ride." Rosalie raised an eyebrow, "Might?" "Ok, so it's pretty much a guarantee I'm going to get a free ride, but still." Emmett said. "You been thinking about college Jasper?" Jasper shrugged, "I ain't been thinking about the future at all really, I got pretty much eternity to decide on it. I think Alice should go though." Alice giggled "If I go you gotta go Jasper, I'm not going to be there without you." "Hey, that new chick is coming over here." Emmett said. "What? Why? No one ever comes over here." Rosalie said looking up from her phone. "Well she is." Emmett said. Edward glanced briefly at the new girl, she was short, pudgy, pale as a fish belly, with brown hair the color of mouse hide. An altogether pretty typical white girl. But the strangest thing was that Edward couldn't read her mind. He wasn't hearing anything. Edward said "Either she doesn't have a brain or she's got an ability because I can't hear her thoughts." Jasper shrugged "Probably an ability, and a good one at that if she's still human and it can keep you out. But what the hell does she want." Bella was terribly nervous, her palms couldn't seem to stop sweating. They were staring at her, 8 pairs of eyes were staring at her. One pair was green, one pair was bright blue, another was violet, and the last was black. Against the advice of her new friends Bella had taken it upon herself