Chapter 1 "Katniss" Peeta says walking out of the kitchen. "Morning, what are you doing here this early?" I say "I thought that you weren't coming after the announcement about the Quell last night and how it's going to come earlier." "I couldn't just stay at the bakery. My Mum can't stand in the same room as me without bursting into tears" he explains. "She didn't know until I got in last night. She sits waiting for me to get in before she can even think about going to bed. After seven weeks without knowing if she will ever see me again, she just waits. We don't complain though." And he lets a smile creep onto his face but I know why. "Why didn't you say? I wouldn't keep you so long, especially last night. So what did you tell her?" I say as he joins me on the sofa where we sat last night "That's why I didn't tell you. I wanted to be with you when it was announced and let's face it neither of us expected it to be us again" he smiles teasingly, I didn't take it well; I started to swear at the screen as if it will make a difference but calmed down surprisingly quickly when I realised that I couldn't change it. Then he begins again. "She had an idea when I came in. Even James said I was like a ghost. She said it straight away, 'not again.' I nodded, so she left the house and I went to my room. She was curled up in a ball this morning crying, so I snuck out off to the bakery to make some bread for the bakery, something to keep me busy and to keep James off my case. She must have heard me and came in, looked at me then ran out in tears. So how is your Mum and Prim taking it?" "Mum has gone into shock, again, and Prim cried all night long. She couldn't even cuddle me; she thinks it is her fault that I have to go in again." I knew I had to tell him the news. I had a feeling that I might have been for about two weeks but wasn't sure. Prim guessed, after all she is practically a twelve year old doctor. She asked me and I told her I didn't know and not to tell Mum. So she examined me and said that my thoughts were correct and I'm already three weeks. "Peeta … I need to tell you something" "Sure what"? "Your" then I begin to change my mind about telling him "I'm what" – here goes nothing "Going to be a Dad" done. Chapter 2 "What"!? "I'm pregnant" I say freely, knowing that I have already said it once "Whah- I mean how long have you known?" Peeta asks sounding confused "Two weeks" "So we are finally going to have a family of our own toge…Wait it is mine?" Peeta asks carefully placing his warm, strong hand on my belly. He is obviously thinking about me and Gale in the woods "Yes Peeta, it's yours." "I'm going to be a Dad and you're going to be a Mum" Peeta shrieks. "I guess we are Peeta, but keep it down, I don't want my Mum to find out." Peeta's expression changes but his hand does not move from my stomach. "The Quell in the arena, you could lose it or get killed yourself! Katniss, what are we going to do? We can't just get on with it. We have to do something now!" Peeta cries while in a state of panic and making no attempt to keep it down. "Who knows about the baby?" "No one apart from me and Prim, and she promised she would not tell Mum. You had to be the first to know but Prim guessed and I couldn't lie to her Peeta, I'm sorry" I say trying to answer all of his questions and even ones he didn't ask "We can't do anything but look after each other and the baby." "You don't have to be sorry and I will look after you in the arena" Peeta says standing beside me with his arm wrapped around my waist and hand still on my belly. Looking into the mirror hanging on the wall below the stairs he says "This is our little family" and he smiles. Just then Gale bursts in the room and slams Peeta up against the wall; this is my life after all. "How could you!" he asks right in his face "What?" a puzzled Peeta asks trying to get a breath. He looks straight at me. I can see his thoughts in his eyes: does he know that I am pregnant and I never told him a thing? "Let him go Gale please, for me" I helplessly plea, prising him off Peeta. "No chance! I spoke to that's Mom" kicking Peeta, Gale continued "She said that he has been staying here with you, I kept your spirits up for years and thought maybe, while all along you two are all cosy in bed together!" "Gale we are together and I thought you understood that" I shout defensively and a little hurt. Gale frees Peeta's neck from his grasp and Peeta sinks to the ground out of breath. "Yes I do understand but I don't agree with it" Gale shouts in my face. "Well it is a good job no one asked for your approval!" I shoot back as Peeta finds his feet and stands up next to me, his hands around my waist protectively the way only Peeta can make me feel. "I think you should go now before you lose your temper again" Peeta sternly decides just a little too late. "Fine" Gale jerks for the door but spins round, takes my hand and drags me out too; I don't protest though I just go with him hopefully saving Peeta from another battering. We head past the Seam and towards the woods under the supposedly electrified chain and in to the heart of the woods out of sight. "Gale-" "No I don't want to hear it." Gale orders so I catch my breath. "You just sit there and remember the last time we sat here ok." I sit down obediently. I think back and realise that it has been five months since the reaping and the conversation about never having kids. I rub my tummy discretely where I carry Peeta's child, my child. "The reaping" I say fiddling with the berries that is labled by my Dad as deadly, it can make your heart stop but it wonk kill you just knock you out for as long as it takes for someone to revive you but you must be revived within four hours of the consumption. "Yeah and you have to keep the promise…-" "What promise? I never made a promise!" I protest. Dropping he berries in rage. "That you will never have kids" he 'reminds' me. "You just think about that when you sleep together. I still can't believe you would sleep with him." "That wasn't a promise Gale." I have to tell him, I can't keep it a secret from him anymore. I already have a debt with him for keeping my family alive while I was in that damn arena. "Gale-" "Sleep with me now. I will prove that I will be better for you than he is." "No Gale!" I protest alarmed but he doesn't listen or pick up on my horror at his proposition and instead drags me to this little house we used to play in as children, my Dad and I made it from scratch when I was seven and I had to finish it when I was nine, I have lots of happy memory's here but this isn't one of them. He takes his shirt off and then looks right at me. "Come on then, if you will do it for him you can do it for me" he shouts but then his voice turns to a whisper. "What's wrong? Afraid of the truth because you know that I'm better." "No! You are a monster and I never even realised it!" I scream "I'm pregnant!" "What?" Then he gets up with an evil and unhappy smirk on his face and runs. Chapter 3 I take my time going home, careful not to fall on the slippery cobbles; it must have rained whilst I was in the woodland house. Once I reached the victor's village it was easy to see that my front door is open, so I speed up a little. All I can hear is Peeta and Gale arguing so I knock. Wait! This is my house, why did I do that? Huu, it's too late now and I am past caring about anything. Peeta is shouting "She wouldn't do that!" and Gale swears. "Really wouldn't she?" "What have you told him?" I shriek. "Go on. Tell him you are pregnant with my baby. Aren't you?" It takes a moment to realise what he has just said, but I know there is no chance that it is Gale's. "No, Gale the baby is Peeta's not yours! You know that so stop patronizing him." "You know what happened in the woods on the day of the reaping and the night after you got back off the tour and just now. Peeta it's a shame that you couldn't have seen it. Katniss just went for me oww Katniss do share it with your Peeta." Lies that is all they are "What happened on the day of the reaping?" Peeta asks sounding unsure if he really wants to know the answer. "Don't tell me you never guessed that lover boy ehh, we are more than friends." I flip and shove Gale out the house, something I should have done when he came here this morning; I don't need this right now because I have lots of other things that take priority. I run upstairs to our third floor room that Peeta and I share. I lay on the double bed with my top slightly rolled up, walking the tips of my fingers around my flat belly gently. Well I really wish I had of kept my mouth shut now. There is a quiet tap on the door and Peeta walks in and sits on the edge of the bed looking at my stomach proudly. "Is it true about you and him and that the baby could be his?" "We never did it. We talked about escaping as we always do at a reaping and took the mick out of Effie Trinket. Tonight he tried it on with me for the first time in the woods but I said no. That's all that happened! It's yours from that night in the Capital. In the middle of the night, remember? Then my prep team came in at eight to well prep me for the train ride home. Then my prep team burst into tears at the sight of us cuddling in together, fast asleep. Flavius even admitted that to them it is a miracle that someone from twelve had won let alone two. But then we might never have a family because of Snow. But we are going to have a family now together. The baby's yours Peeta. I love you and I wouldn't do that to you. Gale is just an old friend that's all, nothing more nothing less." Although I am seriously rethinking that status "I'm sorry I just needed to know that's all. I love you too and can I just say that that night was the best night ever. It was a perfect place because it was where we spent most of our time. It was the last night of the victory tour and it was like a goodbye, but not." By that point I am falling asleep next to him, my head on his