I sighed as I watched the sun set behind the castle. My home. I would never feel this way about any other other place. I had nowhere else to go. And I had only a few months left here. My sister still had five years here, so I wasn't worried about her. I knew that she would be happier in life than I ever was. I silently walked back to the Gryffindor Tower, but something caught my eye. Two red-heads were crouched next to a small girl, who was clutching her hand. "It's all right, Emily, it fades eventually. Everything will be okay." When I heard the girl's name, I stopped in my tracks, frozen. "Em? Em!" I cried, walking quickly to my sister's side. I hadn't recognized her in the fading light. My little sister raised her head and sniffled slightly, but smiled nonetheless. "Hey, Care," she said, her tiny voice wavering. Ignoring the two boys around us, I crouched next to her. "Are you all right, Em?" I asked calmly. "I'm fine, Care, don't worry," Emily said, trying to hide her small white hands. I slowly took them in my larger ones and looked at the back of them. There, cut open, were the words ' I must not tell lies '. Sighing, I looked at Emily. Her bright blue eyes were brimming with tears. "Oh, Emily..." I quickly took her in my arms, and she started sobbing. "She kept saying how much of a pity it was that ' such a respectable family ends with you '!" she cried out. My arms tightened. "Such... A...Respectable... Family?" I repeated slowly. Emily nodded. "She dared to say that they are respectable ?" At that moment, I felt a gentle tap on my shoulder. Turning, I saw one of the Weasley twins. "We have to go up to the Tower, it's nearly curfew," he warned me. "Oh, so now, you're the voice of reason?" I said, smirking, but with more harshness than I intended. Fred smiled. I'd always liked him and his twin, George, when I'd dated their brother Percy briefly. We'd barely lasted a month; I wasn't hard-working enough for Percy. We'd stayed friends, until Potter came back from the Tri-Wizard Tournament claiming that You-Know-Who was back. I'd chosen to stick by Dumbledore, at my family's horror, and he'd chosen to stick with the Ministry of Magic. "Yeah, ironic, isn't it? But we aren't keener to get more detentions with Umbridge than you are." I nodded. "Yeah, I see your point." Looking back at Emily, I stood up, pulling her with me. "C'mon, Em, we have to get back." Emily nodded and walked in front of us, with the other twin. Fred, who had been kind enough to warn me about curfew, stayed back with me. "Hey, what was that all about?" he asked me. "What are you talking about?" I frowned. "All the "respectable family" stuff you got so angry about." "I'm from a pureblood family, you see. Except they're all about 'pure-bloods are more important, pure-bloods should rule the world' and I'm like 'everyone is equal, Muggles and Wizards alike'. And then, I get Sorted into Gryffindor. My parents went into a fit there. They sent me letter after letter saying that I had brought shame on our family, that I wasn't worthy of being a Selwyn, yadda yadda yadda. Point is, I told them to stuff it, they disowned me, end of story." I took a deep breath. "Except not: four years later, Emily arrives and she, too, gets Sorted into Gryffindor. Oh, the hate mail she and I got from our parents! 'Carolyn, how dare you get your sister landed in Gryffindor!' 'Emily, shame on you! You are not a worthy Selwyn!' Blah, blah, blah. They didn't have a lot of imagination: they told her the same stuff they told me four years before, except I took all the blame. And happily, mind you," I added. "If that stopped them from yelling at Emily, I would gladly take the blame. But then, Em goes and tells them to stuff it too. There, our parents actually stopped sending us mail, but when we got home, they were waiting for us. They made Em witness-" I stopped short. I couldn't go there. Wouldn't go there. "Witness what?" said Fred, alarmed. Gasping for breath, I leaned against a pillar. "Carolyn, talk to me!" "I can't say – it hurts too much – can't tell you." I gasped. "You have to." He came closer to me and took me in his arms. His warm, strong body soothed me. "They made her witness them casting the Cruciatus Curse on me. They tortured me to get to her," I whispered. I felt Fred's biceps tighten around me. Looking up, I watched as he clenched his jaw. Reaching up, I put a soothing palm against his cheek. "Fred, it's all right. I'm over it," I told him half-heartedly. He smirked, seeing past my defenses. "To hell you are. You almost broke down before even telling me." He sighed, the smile fading from his handsome face. "You are not going near them ever again, I swear. Not you nor Emily. Not while I'm still living," he said. I sighed, starting to walk once more. "I've never gone back to them more than I ever had to. And even when I went back to their house, I always went outside, never staying in their company if I could help it." Fred took my hand. His face was set in a dark mask; I knew he would help me if ever I needed him. Fred looked at me. "Do you know about the DA?" he asked me as we followed our siblings, hand in hand. "No, what is it?" I asked, frowning slightly. "Its actual name is Dumbledore's Army, the DA for short..." he trailed off. "What is it?" I repeated. "It's a Defence Against the Dark Arts group. Harry Potter is teaching us spells in order to defend ourselves." "Can I join?" I asked immediately. "Of course. You just have to ask Hermione, Ron or Harry, I suppose. Tell them I sent you." "Will do," I smiled. The next day was a Saturday. Yawning, I walked down the stairs. I'd spent the whole night (or what felt like the whole night) chatting with Katie Bell, Alicia Spinnet, and Angelina Johnson about Fred and George, and trying to decipher each and every one of his sentences and trying to understand what he meant by what he'd said. My friends had been ecstatic to find out that we'd held hands. ("What? Fred took your hand ? Oh Merlin, I think he likes you!" had squealed Katie when I'd told her. The other two had simply burst into giggles.) I walked into the common room to find Hermione sitting there, waiting for her friends. I walked over to her, clearing my throat so as to warn her of my presence. She turned. "Oh, hi Carolyn!" "Good morning, Hermione. Can I have a word?" I said kindly. "Of course, what is it?" she said. "Look," I lowered my voice. "Fred told me about the DA." Hermione blanched. I waved my hands soothingly in front of her. "Whoa, don't worry, 'Mione, I just want to join. But," I added, "just promise me that if my sister wants to join, just don't show any evidence that she's part of it. I don't want her to get in trouble. At all." Hermione let go of the breath she'd been holding. Her body relaxed, and I chuckled. "Oh, well in that case, of course you can join. And, I will do what I can to hide your sister's evidence if she joins," smiled the bushy-haired girl. I thanked her warmly and made for the common room door, which opened before I even reached it and in came George, Lee, and finally Fred. I stopped short, surprised by the sudden hitch in my breath and the slight skip that my heart made. Grinning like the Cheshire cat (Hermione had introduced me a few years before to Disney's Alice in Wonderland and I had loved it), I walked over to the three boys. "Hi guys, how are you?" I said, like I had not just spent my whole night talking about the guy in front of me. Fred grinned. "Oh, we're fine," he said. "How about you?" "Great, great." I trailed off. Looking at my watch, I fake-gasped. It was getting way too awkward here. "Oh, I gotta go eat breakfast. See you later!" Skirting between the boys, I finally made my way to the Fat Lady's portrait and climbed out. A few moments later, I was joined by none other than the red-head that had caused me to make things awkward in the common room, Fred. "It was awkward there," he stated. I nodded, as my cheeks started to burn. "Why was it so awkward?" he said. I shrugged, unable to get a word through my severely constricted throat. It was like a boa constrictor was planning on feasting on my vocal cords. Fred grabbed my arm and pulled me to him, stopping my silent march. "Why aren't you speaking to me?" he frowned down at me. I shook my head. "Throat... Can't talk," I croaked. The boa was really loving my vocal cords. Fred smiled. "Maybe this will help," he said, clearly planning something. He then wound his two arms around my waist, making any escape impossible, and pulled me brusquely closer to him, so close that the top of my head tickled his chin. "What – what -" I stammered, before he brought his head down and kissed me on the lips. It was a very short kiss, more like a peck than a real kiss, but it did its job. My eyes widened and I froze to the spot. Fred stared me in the eye, grinning smugly. "Did that help your throat?" he said huskily. Coming back to my senses, I smugly shook my head. Fred's smile grew. "I guess I'll have to do it again," he said, bringing his face down on mine once more. This time, he deepened the kiss and I gladly let him. I wound my arms around his neck, and dragged my fingers through his ginger hair. His lips were moulded to mine, as if we had been made for each other. Fred stopped the kiss, gasping for air. "I thought you had to go eat," he said cheekily. I smiled. "I do," I said, the boa having abandoned my vocal cords as a bad job. I was starving. Fred nodded. "I guess I'm going to go down again too, then," he said. He took one arm off my waist but the other stayed put. I started walking towards the stairs, and he was by my side the whole time, and I knew he'd be there my whole life too. I walked down to the Transfiguration classroom, smiling faintly. Transfiguration was one of my favourite subjects, and McGonnagall was the best teacher I'd ever had. The weekend had flown past me; I had hardly seen Fred, other than on Saturday morning, but I'd caught glimpses of him training on the Quidditch pitch. Gryffindor against Slytherin was coming up fast, and thanks to Professor McGonnagall, the Gryffindor team had been allowed to re-form. Good thing, too, or else Gryffindor House would have been out of the championship. I was a hard Quidditch fan, but I hadn't made the House team. At first, I'd been a bit disappointed, but when I'd seen how well Katie, Angelina, and Alicia flew, all I could do was cheer louder than anyone for my three best friends. "Miss Selwyn?" said a crisp voice from what seemed to be far, far away. Startled, I gasped loudly. I came back to my senses to find Professor McGonnagall staring at me, tapping her foot. I cringed. "Sorry Professor... I was lost in my thoughts."