Hey everyone, it's been a few years and I've been busy. Sadly, I was in a rut for quite a long time and because of this I quit writing for a few years but I'm trying to get back into all of this. In order for that to happen, I thought it would be appropriate if I rewrote a few of my old one shots. This one was probably my most popular, and my favorite and I'm really enjoying this revamped version. Obviously, I hope you do as well. If you're curious and haven't read my previous works, you're free to go to my profile and find them and read them. Feel free to compare, or not. But either way, enjoy, leave a review if you'd like but most importantly, have a superb day. Thank you! The Juice Box War (2.0) It was a chilly but sunny, spring day. On the outskirts of a small town, was a house and within that house specks of dust danced through a room, floating gracefully in rare golden rays of sunlight. A breeze, carried in from an open window washed throughout the room. Two people, both young and naked, laid in a bed. Their bodies were sprawled out beneath a cold sheet. Golden strands of light that had managed to infiltrate the room through small openings in the blinds laid on top of them. Their embrace resembled something of a small stream; her body fit perfectly against his, leaving practically no room for air between the two; and the sheet, with it's folds, mimicked the flow of gentle water. Bella fit against Edward like water against smooth stones. She found her tender, red lips lingering against his neck- where for a second she had been sure that she had felt his heartbeat and she paused, waiting for the feeling again. A pulse raced against her lips and she sighed into him, breathing in his scent, leaving a few more scattered kisses before slowly trickling back down. Her head rested against his chest. "I could really go for some apple juice," she said, finally breaking the silence that they had shared for some time. Her voice was a bit rough; her throat was dry but Edward chuckled at her unusual request. "Apple juice? Really?" He said, an eyebrow raised. The brunette pried herself from her boyfriend's arms and sat up. The sheet fell down, exposing her chest and her chocolate hair cascaded down her pale and freckled back. He watched with narrow and suspicious eyes as she twisted to face him. Her plump lips were lightly separated in a pout, and her thick, dark brows were raised. Edward knew that look. He put his arms by his sides and pushed himself up and the coolness of the headboard made him shiver for a moment. His eyes watched as her all-knowing pout turned into a mischievous smirk and he let himself get lost in it. He thought back to when they were children. For as long as he had known her, she had always radiated with a odd type of confidence and freedom always lingered in her every move. It was infectious, like a laugh. "What?" She giggled. His eyes lingered on her body, but his gaze broke as her voice shattered the silence yet again. "It makes sense when you think about it." She smiled and Edward watched with careful and delicate eyes as she slowly crept closer. His eyes fluttered closed and he could smell her perfume. He felt her lips pressed against his cheek and then felt as she slid down a few inches, finally putting her weight against his bare chest. When he looked down, all he could see was a sea of chocolate hair spread against his chest and her arms snaked around his torso. She held him closely. "You're right," he said finally. She looked up and caught his gaze. A lock of hair fell between her eyes and he moved it quickly, not wanting her to let go of him just yet. "It makes sense- as much as I don't want it to." He paused and let out a quick and sharp laugh. "It's ridiculous to think I actually looked up to him," he added in after thought, thinking of his brother. "How that happened totally escapes me," Bella mumbled into his chest. "He must of slipped something into my chocolate milk every morning." "That has to be it! Your twelve-year old brother was drugging you," she joked with a chuckle, sarcasm lingering in her voice. She could feel Edward's warm chest move in rapid succession with a silent laugh. In return, she laughed more and he laughed a little harder. But after the laughter resided, Edward's hand slipped lower, gripping her naked waist, momentarily tickling her sides. He pulled her up to him, cradling her closely as if she were about to leave and he was desperate to make her stay. She pulled away and they locked eyes. Green. Blue. Restlessness. Impatience. Independence. Fragments of her personality thrown all at once and in his direction. Suddenly, he could feel her lips graze his, and their hot, shallow breath mixed with the cool air. He craved everybit of freedom and emotion that rested in her lips and in her soul. For a moment it felt like time had stopped for the two of them. Neither made a move, they could hardly breathe with such little air between them but it didn't matter. They stayed that way for awhile, but eventually Edward couldn't resist and pressed his lips to hers, his hand cupping her chin to keep her steady. Bella's toes curled and she felt herself practically melt away. The kiss was short and sweet, but also passionate. Soon after, Edward lowered his head and tickled the right side of her neck. Bella laughed and jumped out of the tiny bed, running straight through the particles of dancing dust and grabbing her robe and the rest of her disheveled clothes. A Few Years Ago Unlike most days in May, it was hot and sunny. They had expected rain all week, but somehow the sun had managed to break through the cracks of thinning clouds in the sky. Today was a school day, so the buzz of children's laughter and talking filled the air. Everyone in class was excited to leave, all except for one young girl. Bella Swan wasn't able to focus today. Despite the great weather and her friends promise of endless fun, Bella couldn't focus. Not like she usually could. Today, there was something different about her. A storm was brewing, she felt hunger and thirst like never before, and ten feet away from her she could see the perfectly constructed juice box that had been taunting her all day. From where she sat, looking at it was like looking at a masterpiece hidden behind glass. She was close enough to see it's beauty, but it was forbidden to touch. She wasn't a thief, so she'd been forced to wait all day, and it was practically killing her. Her eyes watched the small hand on the clock linger. It was 2:15 and in thirty minutes she knew Mrs. Black would round up the class. Which meant Bella would have her box, but the wait was almost too much. Her foot tapped repeatedly on the patterned carpet and she bit her lip in anticipation. Something was calling out to her and she knew, from the bottom of her little heart, that juice box was made just for her. Across the room, chatting and working with his friends, Edward Cullen looked up momentarily, expecting to see his friend Tom, but instead found Bella sitting in his place. He paused, a bit perplexed and watched her curiously. She had moved from her normal seat at one of the girls tables to where Tom normally sat and he wasn't sure what to make of the event, but he was determined to find out. He observed her closely and at first didn't notice much. Nothing stuck out, to him it just looked as though she was bored or possibly upset. Her hand was tucked under her chin, her cheeks were bright red and she was biting her bottom lip rather mindlessly, staring off into the distance. Noticing her gaze, his green eyes followed her stare, and he was greeted with a site that meant very little to him at first. But he was suddenly overcome with a feeling of panic. Without taking his eyes off the girl, he quickly leaned over and whispered to Jasper, who sat beside him, and pointed over to Bella and her trained eye. "Do you see what I see?" He whispered, his voice shaking a bit. Jasper bobbed his head, his shaggy blond hair falling into his eyes. "Tom isn't here." "No! Not that. Look! Look at Bella." The blonde boys eyes squinted, his head craned forward. Edward rolled his eyes. "Look at what she's looking at," he hinted behind gritted teeth. "Oh-" his friend paused before violently twisting his head to look back at him with wide eyes. "That's bad." Cooties . The word rang in Edward's tiny head. It was a known fact that the girl who had the most "cooties" in class was Bella Swan and it was becoming increasingly obvious to both of the boys the danger that Bella imposed on all of them if she were to get there first. Normally, Tom was the first one in line, handing the juice and cookies out to everyone on Friday. But if Bella were to be the first then there was a greater chance that she would contaminate the food with her germs, thus resulting in the great apocalypse. Though no one in the class had caught the supposed "cooties", Edward had heard rumors from his older brother, Emmett. He remembered his brother whispering in the dark, " Girls have cooties. Aaron got it last week and now no one has been him. Stay away from girls, if they touch you, you'll catch them and you will DIE!" Edward shivered at the memory. No way was the class going to get cooties, he just needed a plan to stop the girl. Across the room Bella glanced nervously at the clock -2:25 it read. Twenty more minutes and then she would be free. But time felt slow and from the corners of her eyes she could see Edward with his fat face and thin, pink lips, laughing and whispering with his friends. His eyes caught hers, and for a split second the two eight year-olds felt that -stupid- spark rushing through their veins. Bella took it as her nerves and Edward, quiet frankly, thought it was the cooties sending him a warning : You will get the cooties and you will DIE! With the warning running through his veins, Edward Andrew's swallowed a big gulp of air. He was visibly shaken and suddenly he wasn't laughing anymore. With furrowed brows, he pulled out his notebook and began to write. He didn't have much time, and like in all wars the enemy was truly unpredictable but as always he was determined. No way is anyone going to end up like Aaron , he thought. Not on his watch at least. He wouldn't allow himself to be responsible for a sickness that would imminently spread if Bella got to those juices first. Edward understood his role in all of this: he was here to save the world... Like Batman or Superman, Edward had a responsibility to everyone he knew. He was the hero and like all heroes, his time had come. He wasn't going to allow his arch nemesis to have any kind of advantage over him. So in mere minutes he planned. He was going to save everyone. From cooties. He had it mapped out in his head. Step one, and probably the most important step, was getting all of the boys in the class on