Author's note Hi, everyone! Just a few warnings: This is the first time I've ever written a fanfic (or a piece of it) and English is not my first language. These scenes are just something I had in my mind and I would not rest if I didn't write it. It's not really good, but i thought someone could find it enjoyable :) That's it, hope you like it! Mesmerized She sat in class, lazily doodling on her parchment while looking through the closed window. Outside, an owl struggled with a letter too big for its own good. "Miss Weasley…" She heard, as if calling from a distant dream. Debating with herself on the consequences of not answering the wizard, she said in a bored tone "Yes, professor?" "I'd very much appreciate, Miss Weasley, if you would make an effort and try to pay some attention to the lesson I'm teaching today. Unless, of course, you think yourself too important for that." A deafening silence danced around the classroom. "In which case, I think you should just leave my class, instead of sitting there wasting my time". "I'm sorry, sir." She said with a sad voice and lowered her head. The man eyed her suspiciously, but let it go, turning back to the lesson and the anxious faces staring at him. It was not her usual attitude to back down, she knew that and he did too. He was giving her a choice to get out of class, surely having noticed she was not her normal self today. He could read her so well… She missed the time when they would talk about it in one of their night chats, while she spilled her heart and tears on his shoulder. Ginny stared dreamingly at the mysterious wizard, uselessly trying to make sense of the words coming out of his mouth… And how she loved his mouth, his lips, his rare and secret smiles… Not that she had ever been that close to taste it, but just looking at the movement was good enough to make her mind wander again. Their game had been going on for a while now. It had started as nothing, just a spark of understanding that would, eventually, change her life. Two broken souls, taking comfort in each other's need for something they didn't even comprehend at the time. She could remember clearly of the day Professor Snape found her walking through the Castle after hours and on her on. She had gone for a walk, as a desperate attempt to get away from the nightmares that were hunting her mind, clueless that the same reasons had also taken him from his bed. Ginny was turning around a corner, drying the silent tears on the sleeves of her pajamas, when she blindly bumped into him. At first, she was sure he would put her on detention for a life time but, when she looked upon his scared eyes, she was not sure anymore. It was in that desert hallway that she, for the first time, came across with a side of Professor Snape that very few people knew: a vulnerable, hunted man, with stones in his past and unknown darkness everywhere. "Miss Weasley, I… What are you…? Go back to your dorm." He said with discomfort and confusion. "Are you okay, Sir?" Ginny whispered, putting a hand in his arm, shocked by his unnatural behavior. Snape stared at her hand for a few seconds before raising his eyes to look at her. "You shouldn't be wandering at this hour. It's late and you need to go back to bed. Go now, and I may spare you from detention." "I…" She could feel her fingers tingling. Are you insane? Take your hand off of your professor, stupid girl! She thought, desperately trying to move, but too afraid to put more attention in the impulsive touch. At that very moment, they heard steps coming from the end of the hall and a cat's cry alongside. "Fuck." Snape said in a low voice. "Come with me. I'm not in the mood to cross Filtch's path and I'm betting you're not either. Come on." He took his arm from under her hand and turned around, going the opposite direction from the intrude sounds. Ginny stood frozen in place with big eyes, not knowing what to do, until the steps got too close for her comfort and she ran silently after the man who had shown her unexpected mercy. They had walked in silence for a few minutes and Ginny was sure he would take her back to the Gryffindor common room. To her surprise, though, he suddenly turned in a different direction without saying a word. She was gathering courage to ask where they were going, but stopped when he entered his classroom, leaving the door open for her. When inside the room, she looked around; confused by not seeing Professor Snape right away and thinking she might be imagining things. "Do you want tea?" She heard his voice ask from behind the ingredients cabinet. "Sure." Ginny answered, still startled by the unreal situation she found herself in. Locked in place, she waited while he fixed the tea cups for both of them and walked back to sit in his chair. "Sit." He said, waving his wand to close the door. Ginny moved to a chair in front of him, almost unconscious of her own moves, mesmerized by the man's eyes on hers. "What were you dreaming about?" He asked suddenly, shaking her from the moment of craziness lost inside his dark eyes. "I… what?" She frowned, wondering if he seriously wanted to know or if it was a funny way of finally throwing her in detention. "Your nightmare, I asked what you were dreaming about." He replied, restless. Ginny paused, glaring at Snape, trying to find a motive behind his question but, resolving there was none, she said "I dreamed about Tom. It is always Tom, even when it's not him…" Once again, silence filled the room. Witch and wizard stared at each other with growing tension in the air. "What do you mean?" Snape asked without moving his eyes. "I mean that he is always present, since… You know… The Chamber. Even when I'm dreaming of other things, he shows up, he observes me from a distance, he talks slowly in my year and he touches my hair… Sometimes I… Sometimes I like it, because his presence makes me feel less… lonely. Other times it just freaks me out. I can't stop thinking that the dreams are too real to be just dreams." She finished without breath, as if it had cost all of her energy to put it out there. Severus sat back and crossed his arms, wondering if there might be a chance she was right. "The Dark Lord really got to you, didn't he?" He asked and waited for her answer. Realizing she would give none, he continued. "Do you talk about it with your friends?" "Not really. I think I might've been pushing them away, because they don't get it, they don't understand how much it changed me." Ginny explained, while the man listened to her confession. "Well, maybe I'm not being fair…" She continued in a monologue, "They try to understand and give me some space but I just don't want to be around them anymore, I feel like I'm missing something…" "Missing Tom?" Snape questioned carefully, moving a little to get closer to her. Ginny suddenly felt very self-conscious and got up from the chair, almost dropping her cup of tea. "I'm sorry, professor. I didn't want to waste your time with such stupid thoughts, I'm sure you have many important things to do. I'll go now." She rumbled, clumsy trying to place the mug on the table and turning around to leave. "You know, Ginevra…." She stopped by hearing her first name. "There aren't many people who had the opportunity to get as close as you did to the Dark Lord." He stood, going in her direction and stopping a few feet away. "I'm a very curious person and would love to hear about your experiences, if you would like to talk about it." Ginny stared at her feet, contemplating the invitation. "I might even teach you how to stop the bad dreams if you want to." When Ginny raised her head after a few seconds had passed, her expression was filled with confusion and something else. "I don't know." She said, not sure if she had the nerve to spend time talking about Tom with a man who was so closely connected to him. "You don't have to decide right now. I know you are scared of me, most students are. I'm not asking you to talk to me just so that you'd have someone to listen to your fears. I'm not that much of a giving person. I want to know him better, to understand how he acts and thinks, because somehow, it entices me." He finished the sentence with an intensity that sent chills through Ginny's spine. Feeling boulder than she had since awakening from that awful dream, Ginny gave a step forward and looked at him. "Ok, I'll come and talk about it, but I don't want the dreams to stop just yet. They're part of me now, even when it's awful and frightening. And just to be clear, I'm not scared of you. I know you are trusted by Dumbledore and that's enough for me. When should I come?" Snape gave a low chuckle. "Tomorrow after your classes would be good." He stated as if the whole situation was very amusing. "Ok, I'll be here." Ginny said and turned around, finally reaching the door and walking fast towards her dormitory, missing by seconds the tiny smile playing in the corner of the wizard's lips. "Miss Weasley!" Ginny focused her vision in the man towering her, noticing for the first time in a while, that she was still in class. "Your classmates already left, and you're still here… Are you alright?" Professor Snape asked with a gentle low voice. "Can I come and see you tonight?" She asked, thinking about the way he could change from being rude and aggressive to nice and caring in a blink. It drove her insane. "Of course. I'll be free after hours, so I'll meet you 11 o'clock on the hallway of 3rd floor." His hand twitched and she was sure he wanted to touch her but was restraining himself, afraid of what would happen if he just gave in. "Thank you." Ginny said with a sad smile, picking up her bag and heading to the next class. It had been six months since that first night chat had happened in Snape's office. When it started, they used to just sit down and Ginny would talk about her dreams, mostly the ones where the young Voldemort watched her quietly. She would tell the professor how it made her feel taken care of when Tom smiled at her in the dreams, and how she would wake up screaming if he felt like scaring her. It had happened a few times, but she could remember it vividly when he had locked her in a dark room filled with insects "just for fun", he had said. Tom had a very peculiar way of making her love him. Because she did, love him. And also fear him, of course. Sometimes she was so sure he was controlling the dreams, only letting her wake up when he got tired of her, that she would try to stay awake through the night, only to wake up screaming in the morning. That one time, when she had no more voice from yelling and thought herself going mad in the dark room, covered in spiders and snakes, Tom showed up with eyes filled with concern, taking her to a couch with a fluffy blanket, where he hold her for