Author's note: So as you've probably guessed the setting for this story may be slight AU, because I've made a lot of guesses about District 4 and the background of characters who are from there. I also want to warn any die hard Fannie fans out there that this story may end up eventually pairing Finnick with the OC, but please let me know what you think of the story so far, especially if you enjoy it or have any helpful suggestions on how to improve it. Thanks for reading! I own nothing but my OCs. Chapter 1: The Reaping When Tansy woke up, the other side of the bed was warm. This helped her regain a sense of calm as her fingers stretched out, seeking Annie's warmth and finding the soft cotton of the sleeve of her half-sister's nightgown and the cool, silken strands of her reddish-brown hair. The world outside the macramé-curtained window of their bedroom was still dark but the clock illuminated by a sliver of pale moonlight showed they were already two hours into the new morning. Tansy couldn't remember the details of her dreams, only that they had been troubled and riddled with feelings of anxiety and dread. Of course they were. This was the day of the reaping. She propped herself up on one elbow. Her eyes adjusted to the dark quickly enough for her to see the peaceful expression on Annie's face, cocooned next to her in the sheets. In sleep, Annie looks younger, almost her age. Her face was as clean and white as a pearl. Her soft hair reminded Tansy of a warm and safe place she would hide with her friends as a child, back when she still lived in District 11 with her mother. Her mother was very beautiful once, too. Or so they told her. Her mother, a victor from 11 named Chicory Fields, had been an unstable woman for as long Tansy could remember. She had her good days, when she could laugh and smile and doted on Tansy like a normal mother, but more often than not her days were dark and sometimes even dangerous. Her mother tried to drown her demons with liquor, but they learned how to swim. There were times when it wasn't safe to be in the same room with her. When her mother would scream and howl like a wounded animal and clutch the knife she slept with to her breast, lashing out anyone or anything foolish enough to get too close. On those days the only thing Tansy could do was watch, huddled in a corner and feeling utterly helpless, or wait outside the room with the door locked for her own safety, singing her mother's favorite songs in the vein hope that one of them would reach her and bring back the smiling woman who loved to hold her close and tight, as if she was her most important treasure. Sometimes the songs did help, and her mother would let her come close enough to hold her and whisper reassuring words until she was calm enough to be coaxed into forcing herself to eat something. Her mother may have survived the arena, but whatever happened to her in there had destroyed her. It was hard on Tansy having to see her mother that way. A few other adults who had been friends with her mother back when they were still children, before she was reaped, tried to check on them whenever they could and helped Tansy learn how to take care of herself and her mother, but in 11 everyone worked in the fields and orchards from sunup to sundown and little time and effort could be spared to care for a mad woman and her child. But Tansy couldn't blame them. They had their own troubles. Life was hard for everyone in 11. The day that truly haunted Tansy was her eighth birthday. She had come home with ingredients for tansy cakes to an eerily silent home. She found her mother staring up at the ceiling with unseeing eyes. In one hand she clutched an empty jar of sleeping pills. In the other was a half-spilled bottle of white liquor. That large mansion of white marble with its empty echoing halls, where the two of them once lived together, had become a mausoleum. After the funeral, Tansy hid in small thicket of oaks and pines that had sprouted up near the Victor's Village and gone largely left unchecked. She hid there for weeks living on bark, needles, nuts, and weeds in a desperate attempt to avoid being dragged away from her home and condemned to 11's community home with the rest of the district's mistreated and malnourished orphans. Her mother may not have been the most stable or suitable guardian for a small child, but she had at least been family and she had only ever actually hit Tansy once, an act which had been followed by days and days of tearful apologies and hugs and special treats to make up for it. Her mother was not a mean woman, unlike the matron of the community home, who was well known for her brutality. The effects of which could easily be seen in the vacant and hopeless stares and oppressive silence from the gaunt faces of the children under her care. As far as Tansy knew at that point in time her mother had been her only family. Her mother never spoke of her father, and Tansy had stopped asking when she saw how much pain her questions seemed to cause. The only memento they had of him was a smooth pink stone that shimmered like flames in the sunlight. Her mother told her it was something called a conch pearl. She said it was a magic charm that, along with a phrase her father had taught her, used to help her face her darker days. The news that he was still alive and well in District 4 and had another daughter who was her older half sister, and that she was going to be sent to live with them instead of in 11's community home had come as a huge shock. Despite the tragedy she was drowning in, for Tansy this was the first irrefutable evidence she had that miracles really did exist. That things didn't always have to go from better to worse. That they could go from worse to better, too. Back in the present, Tansy reached out to retrieve the small, oval-shaped pink pearl that Annie had woven into a hemp necklace for her so that she would always be able to carry it with her. Her sister said it was a good luck charm, to keep her safe. Annie changed the design every year as part of her present for reaping day, adding the prettiest of the small shells from the collection they combed from the beach together. This year the necklace had been woven into a choker with the hemp framing small, white shells all around with decorative knots interspaced between them and the conch pearl framed in the very center as its main feature. It was beautiful. The pink pearl was the only concrete memento she had left of her mother and her life in 11 outside of her memories. The transition from 11 to 4 had been hard. The conch pearl was only spared because it had originally come from the coast off District 4. They wouldn't let her take anything with her from 11. Not the clothes on her back. Not even her name. Her dusty cotton shirt, patched overalls, buckled shoes, and straw sunhat from 11 were stripped away and replaced with a clean dress and sandals from 4. Tansy Fields became Tansy Cresta. Talk about her life in 11 to outsiders was strictly forbidden. Residents in the districts were rarely allowed to travel outside of their own with the exception of the tributes reaped for the games. It was rarer still for a child to be born from parents belonging to two different districts. But not impossible, as Tansy had learned. She had been conceived while her mother was conducting her victory tour. Due to some technical difficulties with the train, her mother was able to enjoy an extended stay in District 4, where she met a handsome young fisherman while walking along the beach one night. They had trouble sleeping because they were both lonely. They had both been through traumatic experiences. She had survived the games by sacrificing everything that made her human after the boy who came from home with her was killed right before her eyes. He had lost his wife when the boat they worked on was caught in a perfect storm, and the surf coming over the side had ripped her straight from his hands. Comforting each other during their nightly rendezvouses, Tansy's mother and father developed feelings for each other that were very much like love. But they could not stay together. When the train was fixed, Tansy's mother had to leave to continue her tour and her father stayed in 4 with Annie, who was only three-years-old at the time. Tansy was born nine months later, delivered by the local midwife, Ms. Mamie, on the kitchen table of one of the marble mansions of 11's Victor Village. Tansy ran her fingers gently over the choker her sister had made for her and tied it securely around her neck. Since she had awoken so early, she had just enough time for a swim. She swung her legs off the bed, slipped out of her nightgown, and pulled on her wetsuit. Then she secured her dark blonde hair, still in its protective style of box braids, in a bun behind her head. Before she left the room, she placed her gift to Annie on their night table for her to find when she awoke. This year her present was also a necklace. Tansy had dyed and waxed the hemp sea green to match her sister's eyes and knotted and weaved the fine strings together in a thin band of undulating waves that dropped down into small beads made from blue and green sea glass. The main charm on the necklace was a piece of sea jade that she had wrapped with a thin stainless steel wire to make a stylized seahorse. Annie loved seahorses. And Tansy loved Annie. Even though they had different mothers, Annie had welcomed her with open arms. Annie gave her a new home. She was the first in 4 to completely accept her for who she was. Annie was the one who held her at night and taught her that it was okay to cry sometimes, that she didn't have to hold it in and suffer alone. For the first time in her life, Tansy was able to act like a normal child. Annie wasn't just an older sister to Tansy. She had become like a second mother. Tansy would do anything for her. Moving into the front room of the house, Tansy spotted her father seated on the bench by the door while he pulled on his boots. Apparently he couldn't sleep either. He was fully dressed and looked ready to go fishing, even though today was supposed to be a holiday for everyone in the district. He looked up when she reached out to grab a pair of sandals and plopped herself down on the floor near the bench to put them on. "Got a light?" he asked. It was especially dangerous to swim alone in the dark. "It's right there," she replied, nodding her head up at the coat rack where she had left her underwater headlamp hanging next to her rain slicker. She watched him reach out and grab it for her out the corner of her eye while she finished tying the laces on her sandals. Even though her skin was naturally darker than her sister's and father's, and her hair had