Rated Teen for Mild Language Disclaimer: All publicly recognizable characters, settings, etc. are the property of their respective owners. The original characters and plot are the property of the author. The author is in no way associated with the owners, creators, or producers of any media franchise. No copyright infringement is intended. Thank you to Wildharp for Beta-ing, and as always a special thanks to SheepAmongstWolves12 for her hilarious and encouraging commentary. Reviews are loved and happily received! The Other Hawthorne Chapter One The air was cool as it traveled through the loose strands of hair that had escaped her braid, the ends tickling the skin at her neck and cheeks. Her steps were deliberate and precise as she trekked through the natural mazes of the trees, as they held their place like mythic creatures that commanded respect. She never grew tired of the beauty that the forest held, like a mother who held her offspring to her bosom providing the nourishment it would need to thrive. The wind picked up, sending crisp leaves to weave their way through the breeze, and around her body. The tickling sensation at the back of her hand slowed her stride, grabbing her attention. She peered down at her hand, her eyes widening from her confusion regarding the hand before her. The size of it had shrunk to that of a child's, and even more so the usual calluses and scars, she had appropriated from years of handling the wire for snares, that shown on her skin were recognizably absent. She could feel her pulse race as confusion set in, her cheeks already flushed by her elevated heart rate. The soft trickle of rain fall reached her ears as droplets of water fell onto her face, momentarily cooling the warmth collecting there. A loud clap of thunder sounded around her, rattling through the branches, and dirt of the woods. She continued to stare dumbfounded at her hand as sheets of rain circled her body. The strands of hair that had been hanging around her face were now plastered to her skin as a result of the downpour. She could feel the material of her long sleeve button up already form to her shoulders and arms, the rain water seeping into the thread count. Another round of thunder startled her, the sound echoing through the desolate surroundings absorbing any other noise. Her knees gave under the terror, sending her body to the saturated ground; her palms sank into the mud before she was able to recover her bearings. She could feel the burn from her newly skinned knees riding up her legs towards her stomach when she noticed the pool of water that had collected in a ditch above where she hunched over the waterlogged dirt. With determination she crawled through the layers of mud toward the gathering of rain, the heels of her hands lacerated by the stray sticks and sharp rocks on the forest floor. The rain water fell on the crown of her head to travel over her forehead and into her eyes as she peered down into her reflection, ripples occurred around the lines as new drops collected in the pool. She took in a deep breath as she struggled with the reality of seeing the face staring back at her. The eyes were wider set and still held a sense of innocence, something she had lost long ago. She reached up, touching her skin with muddy fingers, the skin beneath smooth and unscathed, the scars she had gained from learning to master her bow were also gone. She could feel her body begin to shake, but not from the rain water that seeped through her clothes to chill her skin, it was the realization that she was looking into the face of a child. The same child she had been before her father's death, the wide eyed dreamer who would sing because she discovered how butterflies kept in flight, not the young woman who silenced her voice from fear of the grief choking her. A sharp sound a few yards away alerted her to another presence, her head shot up towards the direction of the sound, fearful of a starving animal. She kept hunched over, settled on her hands and knees, when the familiar back covered in the leather jacket she knew well came into view. She held her breath as he turned around facing her, his bow arm extended, before he laid the side of the riser against his thigh. A warm smile formed at his lips as his free hand pushed the dark hair back away from his eyes. "There you are my flower," he laughed lightly, motioning her over as the rain rushed down the olive skin of his face,"Come Katniss, there's so much more we need to do." She watched him turn around, the sheets of rain becoming thick causing her view of him to become obscured. Katniss could hear his footsteps, the crunching of brittle leaves underneath his boots sounding further away with every breath she took. Frantically, she pushed herself off of the drenched earth with her petite frame, the loss of strength in the younger body evident. Her feet sank into the mud as she righted her footing, her arms stretched out to her sides trying to find balance. The rainfall had become clear sheets separating her from her father, her hands tangling in them like curtains that had blown in front of a window. Katniss pushed her childhood frame forward, her fingers clawing the clear sheets of rain out of her way. She could still hear her father call out her name beckoning her forward as she ran through the obstacles of fallen branches and downpour. "Come Katniss, come." She nearly missed the moment when the color drained out of the world around her, the greens and earthy browns of the forest replaced by muted lifeless shades that depicted emptiness. Her legs becoming heavy from the weight of the dried mud shaping to the curve and muscles there. She began to tremble as tears streamed down her cheeks mixing with the dirt and rain already covering her face. Her voice was weak, the tones escaping her mouth were higher, that of a young girl,"Daddy! Please daddy, don't leave me!" Finally the sheets of rain began to clear, as darkness surrounded her, covering her in a shroud of the unknown. Katniss collapsed against the first solid base, other than the ground, that she had encountered. Her small hands clawed at the rock exterior, as the thick air entered her strained lungs. She began to weep uncontrollably,"Daddy! Daddy, where are you?" His voice was clear as it rung out through the dark earth,"Come, my flower." Katniss struggled to stand up straight, her legs shaking. She laid her palms flat against the wall, as her eyes adjusted to the darkness. The man shaped walls of the mine forming around her, as they threatened to swallow her whole. Katniss forced herself to walk forward as she searched for her father, his voice floating through the tunnels, calling her to him. However, every time she felt as though she was gaining ground, his voice seemed to be further in the distance. Her feet and legs ached from the impact of the hard stones colliding with her body as her feet dropped down onto the earth, as she ran. She stopped when she heard him call her name, the sound coming from around the corner. Katniss breathed a sigh of relief, but her content was short lived when she came face to face with another wall. She beat her small fists against the dark soot walls, until the skin around her knuckles began to bleed, the flesh there torn. "DADDY,NO!" The ground began to rumble beneath her feet, her small body tossed to the ground, the air fleeing her lungs as the impact rattled her. With her head hanging down towards the ground, Katniss looked up in enough time to see the rolling wave of flames rush down the tunnel towards her. She could once again hear her father calling her forward when the fire over took her, the heat burning her from the inside out. Katniss awoke, her grey eyes wide, as a scream threatened to leave her lips, the taste of death metallic on her tongue, but only silence surrounded her. A sheen of sweat covered her forehead, mixing with the already existing perspiration that had formed due to the warm weather. Katniss lay on her back staring up at the wooden slats that made the ceiling of her room, as her paralyzed limbs slowly regained feeling. The tingling sensation traveled up from her legs to settle at her chest, she could feel the pulse rate at her neck throb, the vein there swelled as the adrenaline ran through her. It was difficult for her to recover quickly after she experienced her nightmares, the effects done to her psyche by experiencing how her father died were much more long lasting than any physical pain could manage. She inhaled through her nose before exhaling out her mouth, her lips chapped, and her tongue as rough and dry as the sandpaper Gale used when he would refinish the meager and worn furniture her mother used. She closed her mouth, trying in vain to wet her tongue; however she couldn't manage to produce the saliva needed to do so. She sighed loudly, clearly annoyed with herself for allowing her emotions to effect her so drastically, she wasn't a whimpering quim who fell apart at the first sign of distress. Katniss' side was jarred when the impact of a knee pressed into her ribs with enough force to earn a quiet groan from her. Blindly she reached down taking hold of the petite kneecap pushing it to the side gently, with the back of her head still lying on the pillow, Katniss turned to her left where golden strands of hair came into view. She laughed lightly to herself before turning on her side to brush the mess of hair from the owner's face. Soft features, and fair skin came into view as Katniss cleared the hair from her sister's face, a small smile on the young girl's lips, the sides upturned enough to help her appear to be angelic but mischievous enough to produce a sense of cleverness. Katniss ran her fingers down the length of the strands; her jagged nails tangling in the knots created by sleep before unraveling them, Katniss laid the hair above the girl's head to fan around her face. There weren't many things in her life that she handled with care; she had a deliberate and at times blunt way of going about things, causing her to forget she had a grace when it came to dealing with her sister. Katniss pushed a strand of blond hair that had stuck to the moisture of the girl's lips,"I love you, Primrose." Prim stirred in her sleep, her legs tangling in the thin sheet, as she turned on her side before settling on her stomach. Katniss waited for her sister's breathing to become steady again before she sat up, using the heels of her bare feet to push away the remainder of sheet that draped over her calves. She assumed during her sleep she must have pushed the bedding off of her, the heat troubling her even with her being in an unconscious state. The back of her head colliding with the clay wall lightly as her body righted its posture, a quiet oomph fell from her lips as she kicked the sheet further down towards the end of the bed. She could feel beads of sweat tickling her skin as they traveled down her throat to collect underneath her nightgown at her breasts. She was thankful that she had remembered to braid her hair back before retiring to bed the night before, still strands had come loose from the woven design, they now stuck to