Rated Adult for Sexual Situations, Character Death, and Language. Disclaimer: All publicly recognizable characters, settings, etc. are the property of their respective owners. The lyrics and title are property of 'Atlas Genius' and Warner Bros. Records Inc. No copyright infringement is intended. Dedication: All my love and gratitude goes to my best friend and Beta Scoutchick104. I depend on her support and our epic discussions about all things Everlark. You are one of the good ones, Sue! And I'm lucky to know you. TROJANS Notice: There are mature situations and language in this chapter. Please Be a Responsible Reader. i. change the locks, change the scene/change it all but can't change what we've been The sides of his duffle knock into his shins with every step and Peeta can't help but become annoyed by the repetitive contact. He lifts the bag over his head, swinging it over his shoulder to have it rest at his back as he walks down the concrete sidewalk, kicking gravel as he goes. The edge of his sneakers are already scuffed and worn as alternates walking and kicking the ground, attempting to relieve some of the tension that has his muscles and joints in knots. With a deep exhale, Peeta proceeds down the cracked walk way studying the neighborhood, periodically comparing the present to what he faintly remembers from his child hood. For the most part everything seems to have stayed the same, except for a few homes that have clearly forgone repairs and a new coat of paint, but other than that it looks as though nothing had changed. The air still has the crisp scent he remembers, a contrast from that of the city and he appreciates the simple things a small town like this can offer. He mentally scolds himself for thinking of his former home which only causes him to remember the reason he impulsively packed his things and walked straight to the nearest bus station. His mother had arranged for him to fly out the next morning but the walls of his step father's town house were closing in on him, until all he felt was trapped, but he recognized his limits and when his self preservation would kick in, usually ending in violence. He had already fouled up enough, just recently being expelled from the latest private school his mother could find that would accept a disciplinary case. How was he supposed to know that the head master had an extremely attractive daughter who had a thing for fucking on her father's antique desk? It was safe to assume that his step father hadn't been happy when the school refused to return his payment for Peeta's yearly tuition since he had violated a rule that had been in the school contract. It was still amusing to him that they had deemed the incident as disorderly behavior, he'd been given detention for cutting class and immediately expelled afterwards. He assumed that the girls' father only wanted to punish him as much as the balding man could. His mother had convinced the head master, (he snickered when he had remembered where the girl's mouth had been), not to press charges since the girl was only sixteen and he had recently turned eighteen. He sat in the den as his mother and step father argued about what they would do about his behavior and where they should send them. Legally his step father could remove him from the premises since he was no longer a minor and the property belonged to the man. Peeta strained to hear their hushed conversation voices occasionally erupting in shouts that echoed off the marbled walls of the foyer. The boy could hear the mention of military school which only made his blood run cold as he worked his hands through his thick blonde curls. Thankfully Peeta's mother had convinced her husband that the best thing would be to send her son off to her hometown where her Aunt Maggie still lived, a small town in the Midwest. The thought that she was yet again sending him away, made his emotions run high and all he could see was red as his temper flared and he threw the sliding doors of the den open. The boy's mother and step father stopped in mid sentence as he began to yell and scream, refusing to be something they discarded when it suited them. His step father had quickly charged forward grabbing him by the collar and pushing his broad shoulders up against the wall. The man wasn't patient, becoming furious when the boy would challenge his parental authority in any manner so it wasn't surprising when he threw Peeta to the floor, his body a pile of limbs. He could still see the look in his mother's eyes, the disappointment and disgust she held for him, her only child his feeling only reflecting hers. The thirteen hour bus ride beside the elderly man who he was positive had worn a soiled diaper the entire way was worth every second to be rid of his step father's abuse. Lost in his reverie, Peeta nearly walks past the picket fence that surrounds the yard of his Aunt Maggie's home. The exhaustion has finally settled in now that he's arrived at his destination, leaning forward placing both of his palms on top of the fence, he takes in his new home. He looks down smirking, even with hunching over the fence only reaches his torso. As a child he had barely been able to see over the fence, forever climbing onto it, perched on top as he claimed it as his own. A vivid memory plays out before him as though it were happening in the present and not ten years prior. He sees himself, arms raised above his head in triumph as a dark haired girl with a single braid falling over her shoulder, grabs hold of his pant leg forcibly. Her eyes were steely and bright with fury as her temper erupted. " You cheated! You watched me the whole time you were supposed to have your eyes closed and counting!" He watches as his younger self shakes his head, causing a cascade of over grown blonde curls to fall into his blue eyes, a glint of mirth playing there. "You can't prove it." He said as he bends over, their faces only inches apart now. "I am the king of the fence and you aren't!" The girl takes her hands from where they rest at her hips, reaching up to his collar, and pulling him from the fence to collide with her on the ground. "That's cause I'm not a king, you bugger butt. Girl's are queens." They roll on the grass taking turns tickling each other, until the girl had easily pinned him to the ground, her bony knees digging into his forearms. "Admit it. Admit that you lost and that I'm better than you, Peeta Mellark." The boy laughs as he struggles free from her weight, pushing her off to land beside him, in a giggling pile of limbs. "Never Katniss Everdeen. I'd rather kiss a dog's butt." Katniss' giggles increase. "I can find a dog for you." The lights seemed to dim back to night as the memory fades resting at the back of his mind. Peeta sighs, pushing the squeaky gate open, the tone the same as he remembers it giving off as a kid. The walk way is short and he reaches the front porch steps in only a short stride, the bottom step creaking from years of use and in need of replacement. Peeta pulls the strap of his duffle from his arm throwing the bag to the porch as he reaches up along the door frame, remembering where Maggie would keep the spare key incase she locked herself out. He feels the grooves of the key, curling his fingers down over it to place it into the key hole turning it to the left. The click is loud, echoing on the deserted porch before he turns the knob and pushes the door open. Peeta bends down to retrieve his bag before standing up and walking over the threshold. The smell of vanilla invades his senses causing him to recall a plethora of child hood memories of running through the halls, giggling, and teasing the dark haired girl who lived next door. Peeta scratches the back of his head as he pulls the door shut, he hadn't thought about her in years but the flash of her face as she stuck her tongue out at him reminded him that the memory he had outside featured the same girl, Katniss Everdeen. He doesn't want to turn on a light, and wake his aunt, but thankfully she has tiny night lights plugged in that illuminate the living room just enough that he spots the deep plush carpet of the stairs. Peeta remembered digging his toes into the fabric, reveling in the feel of it underneath his toes, the way it would tickle his feet. The rest of the first floor is covered in the original hard wood, but Maggie had always been proud of the purple carpeting that covered the stairs. It reminded Peeta of something royalty would have laid out for their presence, which only made him smile as he ascended up to the second floor, it was his own welcoming sign. When he reached the landing he spotted the door that led to the room he stayed in when he was younger. The wood was the same red color he had painted it when he was five, and he couldn't stop the smile that had begun to form just minutes prior. Maggie was one of the few people in his life who hadn't forgotten about him, but he reminded himself that there was always the possibility that she just favored the door that color and it nothing to do with sentiment on her part. The duffle on his arm begins to bother him with how cumbersome it is, prompting Peeta to open the door at last. A gust of wind hits his face traveling from the opened window across the room, and the faint scent of mint fills his nostrils. It seems out of place in the room but he sets the thought aside along with his bag as he throws it in the corner by the aged dresser. The moon light filtering in from the window enables him to see enough to walk to the private bathroom connected to the room. He can just spot the king sized bed that is pushed up against the wall and he's thankful that Maggie hadn't kept the twin bed he had once slept in. Peeta makes it to the bathroom door, only knocking his shin into the bed frame once, and reaches for the light switch flipping it up. The florescent lighting in the bathroom blinds him momentarily as he had become used to the darkness filling the rest of the house. Peeta catches his reflection in the bathroom mirror as he shuts the door behind him, a habit from sharing a community bathroom at boarding school, but habits seem to stay with him even the ones he knows he should stop. He leans forward pressing his forehead into the cool glass exhaling slowly before standing up again to survey his appearance. The ends of his over grown bangs stick to his skin and he reaches up to smooth his hair back, the curls sticking up every which way. Peeta pulls the hem of his t-shirt over his head throwing it beside the toilet with his sneakers, socks and pants soon following. He debates taking a shower but there's a chance that the warm water will only revive him and he desperately seeks sleep. He had been too paranoid to find rest on the bus and there were moments when he questioned his impulsive act. Now he reasons that there's only a few more hours