Rated Adult for Sexual Situations and Brief Violence. Disclaimer: All publicly recognizable characters, settings, ect. are property of their respective owners. No copyright infringement intended. MIRRORED My body collides with the ground and I have to grit my teeth to stop myself from yelling out when the sharp rocks beneath the snow bite into my skin. My fingers curl into the sludge that is now darkened by the coal dust and I can hear both of them breathing heavily behind me as they tower over me easily. I know that I'm outmatched and that each of them clearly has thirty pounds on me but I refuse to let them see me cry and I'll be damned if I back down. I close my eyes as I'm hunched over on all fours and muster all of the strength, anger, and defiance I've held onto through the years. With one last breath I push myself off of the frozen ground and turn on both of them with a shout, which surprises both girls, to give me enough of an advantage for a few seconds as I jump on one and send our bodies to the ground. I'm able to get a few good shots in and I can already see her nose bleeding before the other pulls me off. My legs kick wildly as I wail and I hardly recognize my own voice as I struggle against her grip. The one I had pulled to the ground with me stands up as she spits blood into the snow and I smile at her discomfort as the blood continues to fall down her face. I try to prepare myself for the first punch but as she lands the blow to my gut I still crouch over. My stomach is on fire from the pain and my breath comes out in quick puffs against the blistering cold and discomfort. I try not to cry out as she pulls me back up by my hair and slaps my cheek. The impact of the slap still stinging and every nerve in my face burning, she pulls back her fist and strikes me in the mouth and it's enough force to make my teeth rattle. I open my mouth to scream but when I begin to laugh instead I can see the shock play at her face. The other girl whose been holding me up by my arms stops struggling against my attempts to free myself and lets go. I double over as the laughter pushes up from my diaphragm and into my throat to eventually fill the silence of the yard. The girl rounds me to join her partner and they both watch me warily as if I've lost my mind. They may be right because as I stand up and a new snow begins to fall I wave them both forward indicating that I'm ready for another round. I can only assume how battered I look tottering on my lanky legs as my oversized boots slip in the snow. My vision is even becoming blurry as my adrenaline from the fight has now begun to ebb. I'm extremely dizzy and I fall to the ground on my bottom hard as the water from the melted snow seeps through the thin material of my dress. I look up to see both of them walk back into the partial warmth of the orphanage, clearly losing interest in the crazed girl sitting in the snow. I pull my knees to my chest and examine where my tights have torn, yanking at the threads of fabric to reveal the bloody and scratched skin at my knees. It continues to snow on me and I remain in my place. I can faintly hear one of the House Mothers yell at me to come inside and can see that a few of the younger kids have gathered around the windows to watch me. That's all they ever do, watch me. I'm barely ever spoken to by anyone unless they want to beat me and even then I like the attention, no matter how twisted it may be. The Mother's screams become louder as she wildly motions for me to come inside. I look over to the windows and glare at some of the kids, which prompts them to scatter from the glass. I grin to myself as I stand up slowly from the ground and brush the fresh snow from my clothes. I don't notice that I'm shaking from the cold until I'm nearly to the door and the Mother takes me by the arm, forcibly. I'm preparing for the inevitable strike to my head or pull of my hair but it never comes. Instead, she drags me down the hall toward the Head Mother's office. I try to pull back from her grasp because I know what kind of punishment comes from a woman like the Head Mother. My first year here I had more than a few broken bones that resulted from meetings with that woman. So when we arrive at the door I attempt to run away but the Mother who has my arm just pushes me through as she opens the door. I nearly fall over on shaky legs before I gain a semblance of balance. I brush away my hair, stringy and all but free from its usual braid due to the fight, that has fallen in my eyes. The Head Mother sits at her worn desk watching me closely and I try not to shake under her hard gaze. I fist the material of my filthy dress as I speak. "It wasn't my fault. They attacked me first as I was walking into the yard." I can hear my voice begin to break so I take a breath before continuing. "I shouldn't have to go back to solitary because of it." She begins to speak before a man I hadn't noticed before steps in front of me to block the Head Mother's view of me. "You do know why they single you out right?" He looks down at me with silver eyes that I recognize to be a trait of the Seam. I'm uncomfortable by how closely he watches me as he scratches the beginning of a beard at his cheek. "They're threatened by you so they want to break you down. A hole like this has a way of making everyone turning on those they see as defiant. And you're definitely defiant, girl." I can hear the Head Mother huff behind him, but he seems to ignore her as he gives me a crooked grin. I eye him carefully until I lean to the side to question her. "Why am I here?" The Mother sits up in her seat as she searches through a stack of papers before handing a faded tan folder to the man. He watches me for a few more seconds before turning around and taking it from her hand. "Mr. Abernathy is here on behalf of the Mellark family. They're looking to employ a young lady." I furrow my brow, clearly confused. The man she addressed as Mr. Abernathy seems to be amused by my confusion as he grins at me once more. He looks down to the file in his hands as he opens it up. I'm tempted to look at it but I can feel the Mother's eyes on me and I know how she feels about curiosity. I remember suffering a concussion when I was twelve because of it. So instead I watch Mr. Abernathy's lips move as he reads. He looks up at me with an expression I would almost define as admiration. He clears his throat as he glances at the paper in front of him before looking back to me. "Says here that your momma and sister died of illness not long after your papa died in a mine explosion. What was that like losing everyone so close together? When you were," he looks down at the file and then back to me, "eleven." I shrug and tighten my hold on the fabric of my dress as I attempt to quell my anger. "They're all dead now. Does anything else matter?" He nods and flips through the file once more. "You don't have anyone else?" I grit my teeth as the Mother begins to answer but Mr. Abernathy turns to her. "The girl can speak. She doesn't need you to fill her mouth with words," he tells her with more force than I've heard from him so far. I try not to smile as the Mother shrinks into her seat and he turns back to me. "Well, girl?" When I narrow my gaze at him he glances at the file again before holding my gaze again. "I mean, Katniss." I can't help the smile that forms at my lips. He may be rude and his breath reeks of liquor but he's the first person in a while to show me some respect. "No. There's no one left." I lower my eyes. "Just me," I whisper. When he leans into me I look up and his expression has turned somber. "Sometimes that's all you need." I watch as he stands up straight. "To be honest, Mr. Abernathy, even here there are other girls who would be more suited for what you're wanting." He narrows his eyes at me. "You don't know what the position is." I shake my head as I release my dress to fold my arms over my chest. "I don't need to know. There are girls at the orphanage who are more agreeable and silent than I could ever be." I point to my face that has likely bruised up by now and I can taste the dried blood from my busted lip. "This isn't the look of someone who should be employed by a family like the Mellarks." The Mother pushes back from her desk to walk around it to stand beside him. "I told you she wasn't the sort you wanted. She doesn't know when to shut her mouth." I grit my teeth, which makes my jaw ache but I know that I'm one beating away from not standing back up again. I try not to look at her and instead look to Mr. Abernathy, who watches me closely. As though he's working something through his mind. He clears his throat. "I watched you get the crap beat out of you out there. Both those girls easily had twenty pounds on you." I sniff as I look to the side. "Thirty." He leans to the side to catch my eye again and when I look at him he smiles. "But you didn't give up. You were like a wild thing out there." It nearly feels like a compliment and I nod. He turns to the Head Mother abruptly. "She's the one I want. We'll be leaving right away." He turns back to me and I don't have enough time to work through my own shock when he speaks. "You still got any stuff worth taking with you, girl?" It didn't take long for me to gather the little I did have, which only consisted of a couple of pairs of pants that were more thread bare than actually wearable, a few button-up shirts that I'd gotten from some of the older boys who had aged out, a nearly broken hairbrush, and the only other dress and pair of tights I had other than what I'm wearing. When I walk out into the yard where Mr. Abernathy is waiting, he eyes me closely before motioning to my bare arms. "Where's your coat, girl?" I shrug as I bring the strap of my bag over my head to settle across my chest. "I grew out of it last winter, the Mothers couldn't find one to spare." He shakes his head and walks over to me. "What a bunch of worthless witches." Before I can question him he has already taken off his