A/N: Okay, this idea popped in my head several weeks ago and I only have the first nine chapters done. I was reading/watching the Twilight movies and I thought, 'What would have happened if Bella and Edward had had a huge argument a month after he returned? What would have changed?' Well, alot in this story. I won't tell you much about it except that, well, the title IS called Las Vegas. Hint hint. Um...normal disclaimers apply. I only own the plot. First Twilight Fic... Hope you enjoy! I know I do. Okay, this chapter take place a week after Alice 'Kidnaps' Bella. Bella and Edward are in his room. Bella POV. "Bella, why can't you just listen to me for once? Why do you always feel the need to fight me about everything?" Edward said as he sank down on the bed next to me. I stared at him in disbalief. "You...You think I fight you on everything?" He looked at me with hard eyes. "Yes. Everything. You just never seem to accept that everything I do I do for you ." Something inside me snapped. I was getting really tired of him making decisions for me with out even asking for my input. Or even considering that I might not like it at all. "Edward, do you honestly think that I don't know what I want? That I don't make good decisons?" He looked at me as he flopped backwards across the bed. "Yes I do. You seem to not know what is good for you. I am trying to keep you alive. To keep you human." "By not agreeing to my choice of becoming like you? You want me to grow old and to die. With out you?" Oh yeah...I was getting pissed. "You don't know what you are saying Bella. You think this life is great. It's not. I would prefer to be with you as you grow old." That hurt. "So... you would prefer to spend maybe fifty years together? Depending that I don't fall and break my neck while falling down a flight of stairs, or accidently get run over by a car? Or crushed like I almost did a year ago? Being human is more dangerous then being a Vampire. At least as a Vampire I only have to fear somebody ripping my head off and fireplaces." He lifted his head and glared at me. "I would protect you. None of that would happen." "What if something happened to me while you were away hunting? What if you came back and found me dead?" "I would have Alice look into your future to see if there is danger." "No. You will not ask that of Alice everytime you have to go hunt. What will people think about you living with me but never aging while I get older?" "I will stay with you no matter what people think." "You aren't hearing me Edward. I don't want to spend a few decads with you. I want to spend forever with you. I don't want you to constantly worry about me being human and getting injured as a human does. I don't want to even lose Alice, Jasper, Esme, Carlisle, Emmett, hell, even Rosalie. They are my family." He sat up and glared at me. I sighed and balled my hands into a fist. "You don't want me to become like you and yet you don't want to leave me?" I sighed and stared at him, "I am not going to take you away from your family Edward. Admit it. When I eventually die, you would find someway to end your life like you tired a month ago! Making Carlisle and Esme lose a son. Alice would lose her favorite brother, Jazz and Emmett would miss teasing you. Rose would be more pissed at me for making you misserable." "I don't care! Bella I want you to stay as a human! End of discussion!" He got off the bed and walked to the door. His words made me flash back to that time in the woods by my house all those months back. The pain cut me to my heart and I struggled to breath. "You...you really don't...want me do you? You honeslty think that I would be better off without you? You... Were you lying all the times you said you would never leave me?" I took a shuddering breath, "I don't want a life where I can't be with you as an equal! I don't want a life where you have to be careful when you kiss me! I don't want a life where I would have to answer why I never fell in love after you left! If you stayed with me for fifty years, I would have Renee and Charlie asking questions. I don't want that. What will it take for you to get it thru that hard rock you call a skull to finally realize hat I have never wanted anyone as I want you! I fell for you even before I knew that you were a Vampire. I wanted you when you saved me from Tyler's van! I wanted you when you saved me from the assholes in Port Angles! I wanted you when you took me to dinner and made sure I didn't go into shock! I wanted you before I knew anything about you Edward Anthony Masen Cullen! So don't sit there and continue saying that I don't know what I want! YOU BEING A VAMPIRE DOESN'T SCARE ME!" I placed my head in my hands, "Being away from you does." I stood up and stepped up to him. "You don't want me changed because you don't want me to become like you? You see yourself as a monster?! A monster would not have saved me from those guys! A monster would have let that van crush me! A monster would not have risked everything to save me from James! A monster would not have sucked the venom out of my bloodstream and no monster would have been able to stop. Damnit Edward, when will stop with this bullshit and finally accept that I want you! ALL OF YOU!" I couldn't look at him as tears of anger and pain silently fell down my cheeks. I quickly grabbed my jacket and made to pass him. He grabbed my arm and pulled me to him. I couldn't deal with it right now. I jerked out of his arms and walked out the door. I ignored the stares of disbelief that his family sent me as I passed. I headed to the garage and hopped onto my motercycle. I ignored him calling after me. The only thing I heard was the roar of my motercycle and the rush of the wind as I sped out of the garage and down the winding driveway. I don't know how long I drove. I ignored my cell as it vibrated against me chest in my jacket. I ignored everything around me. I tried to ignore the tears as they continued to fall down my cheeks. I tried to inore the pain in my chest. Before I realized it I was in La Push in front of Emily's house. I parked my bike and just sat there crying. Thankfully Emily was there. She heard me pull up and was standing in the doorway smiling. Her smile dissapeared as she ran down to me and pulled me into a tight hug. I don't remeber much but I felt a pair of strong arms lifting me off my bike and into the house. I was laid on the couch and I curled up into a tight ball. My tears wouldn't stop and I was feeling drained. I closed my eyes and embraced the sweet darkness. When I woke up I felt somebody running a hand through my hair. I knew I wasn't a Cullen, this hand was warm. I struggled to open my eyes. "Bells?" Hi Charlie. "Bells, you waking up now?" Do I have to? I don't want to face the world right now. "Bells, please wake up. Please." I don't think I have ever heard Charlie ever sound so worried. No, wait, I have. It was right after Edward had left me. "Bells... I swear I am going to kill that Cullen boy." You know when the Chief of Police starts threating to kill your boyfriend...It's time to wake up. "Hi...dad." Wow...my voice sounds horse. I can only imagine how I look. "Bella!? Oh thank God!" I felt Charlie kiss my forehead and squeeze my hand gently. I slowly opened my eyes and stared. Charlie was sitting in front of me while Sam, Emily, and Jacob stood behind him. Great, an audiance. I struggled to sit up, but thankfully Charlie helpped me up. "Thanks dad." I whispeard. He gave me a weak smile. "Bella, you scared me. Sam called saying that you had passed out while at Emily's. That you were upset." he placed his hand on my cheek and wipped a lone tear that fell. "You have been out for a few hours. What happened sweetie?" I needed my dad to hold me. I leaned forward and hugged him tightly and burried my face in his neck. "Sorry dad. I just...had a fight with Edward." Dad got up and sat next to me. He pulled me into his lap and wrapped his arms around me. "Bells...I really don't think he is any good for you. Not anymore at least." I shuddered. Not something I needed nor wanted to hear at this time. I sniffed. And then let out a weak chuckle. "He thinks the same actually. God! I am getting tired of his depressing bullshit!" I was suddenly angry. Charlie stared at me in bewilderment. "What?" I pulled away from him amd wipped my eyes. "Edward thinks that... I would be better off without him. While I know you and everyone here will agree with that... I can't think of that without it feeling like my chest is being crushed. Without it being hard to breath. Everytime I think that I can't even think of anything besides the pain. I love him too much to let him go. Today he practically said that he didn't want me... I... It got too much." Charlie was glaring at me. Well, not at me. More like at everything I had said. I heard Sam and Jacob growling behind me. Emily reached forward and placed her hand on my hand comfortingly. Charlie sighed and got up. He pulled me up and turned to Jacob. "Take her bike back to your garage Jacob. I am going to take her back home. Then I might just kill the little bastard for hurting my girl." You know... I wasn't going to object to that. I wanted to be the one that pulled the triger though. Yeah... like that would ever happen. With my luck it would bounce off him and lodge into my head. What a way to go. "Sam, Emily, thank you for taking care of her." I stared out at the trees as they passed. We turned onto our street and I heard Charlie curse. I looked out the windshield and saw a familer Silver Volvo and Edward sitting on the front steps soaked by the rain. I blinked twice and rubbed my sore eyes. Jasper was next to him with his hand on his shoulder. Alice was sitting next to Edward and was glaring at him. That was when I noticed Carlisle's Mercedes behind the Volvo. They stood up as Charlie pulled into the driveway. "I think this is a Cullen intervention." He mumbled as he turned the cruiser off. He looked at me and sighed. "As much as this pains me to say this Bella. Edward looks like hell out there. I think whatever you said to him might have penetrated his thick skull." He got out and came around to my side. He opened