Nari: This is purely a random idea I got… you know… just for kicks… It's kinda based off of something I wrote but never posted a year ago! Also, I would like to add that I have never seen "Survivor", so I don't really know a lot about it. ( blah ) Announcer talking during story blah flashback Elrond rubbed his hands in glee. It was that time of the century again… He turned to Arwen, who had come to see him as soon as she got his secret message… Poor clueless Aragorn had no idea where she'd gotten to… "Are the victims, I mean, contestants ready?" Elrond asked her. Arwen nodded. "Excellent… let the games begin…" Meanwhile on some random deserted island… One large elvish ship dropped off thirteen (gasp, an unlucky number!) clueless and rather confused people. They all fell to the sands of the beach with cries of surprise or muffled grunts. ( Announcer: And now it's time for Stranded! Yay! It's been… what… 100 years? Yeah… So, let's introduce our victims, I mean, contestants! ) One person managed to get out of the pile of people on the beach. He helped another person out of the pile. They were both short, with rather ugly hairy feet. ( Announcer: These are clueless contestants numbers one and two. Their names are Frodo and Bilbo Baggins. They are hobbits from the Shire. Bilbo is Frodo's uncle. They were also both Ringbearers. Let us now recall how these bumbling suckers got tricked, I mean, came to be on this little game… ) Galadriel gestured to Frodo, who was supporting his old Uncle Bilbo. " Get in, go on." She said with a little smile. "Don't worry, it's perfectly safe." " Uh… we were about to get in." Frodo said. "What's the hurry?" Galadriel twitched. "Nothing… Nothing! I swear!" " Okay…" Frodo said as he and Bilbo boarded the ship. " Ha!" Galadriel said as she put potato sacks over each of the Hobbits' heads. Frodo cocked his head. He then said, "Bilbo, do you hear something?" "Frodo, lad, after you pass one hundred and twelve you don't hear much of anything anymore." Bilbo said. "Oh…" Frodo said. "What?" Bilbo yelled loudly. "I said, 'Oh…'" Frodo re-iterated in a loud voice. "What! Speak up, Frodo lad!" "I SAID, 'OH…'!" Frodo screamed. "What was that?" "Oh, forget it!" Frodo muttered. "What was that?" The next person got out of the pile. He was also short, and rather fat, with incredibly ugly and hairy feet, in other words, he was another Hobbit. ( Announcer: This is clueless, and rather bumbling, contestant number three, Samwise Gamgee, aka Sam, or as he prefers to call himself, Samwise the Brave! He used to be Frodo's gardener and also accompanied him on the infamous journey to Mount Doom! Let's view how we forcibly got this poor sap to come with us… ) Sam was watering the lovely little garden that came along with Bag End. He was whistling a small song that was so off-tune that nobody except Sam knew what the tune was supposed to be. Elrond and Celeborn slowly crept up behind the unsuspecting Sam with a potato sack in their hands. Suddenly they put it over his head and dragged him off. Now where Rosie, his wife, and their children were at this moment of time is beyond speculation… Rumor is that Rosie put the elves up to taking Sam away… "Hmmm… Now how did I end up here?" Sam muttered to himself. Then, he spotted Frodo and Bilbo. "Oi, Mr. Frodo! What are you doing here?" He said as he ran over to Frodo and Bilbo. "Sam!" Frodo exclaimed. "It's so good to see you again!" "What!" Bilbo said. "How'd we end up here?" Sam asked. "I don't know. The last thing I remember was getting onto Galadriel's boat and…" Frodo shrugged, clueless. "This sure is strange…" Sam said. Bilbo then said, "What!" Sam and Frodo sighed in irritation. The next two people who got out of the pile were also hairy little midgets called Hobbits. ( Announcer: These are clueless contestants numbers four and five. Their names are Merry and Pippin; they are Hobbits from the Shire. They are also cousins. Let's see how we deceived these poor, clueless, little guys… ) " It says here that we're invited to Gondor for some sort of celebration." Merry said, reading the letter he had received from "Gondor" to Pippin. " Will there be food?" Pippin asked. " It says so." Merry said. " Then I say, let's go!" Pippin said. " Yeah, but this is weird." Merry said. "It says that we absolutely must take a boat there. And it also has to be the one that they arranged to take us." " That is rather peculiar." Pippin said. "But they have food there, so no matter what, I still think we should go…" At the port, Merry and Pippin stared in fascination at the boat. " Wow…" Merry said. "It sure is big…" " Yeah." Pippin said. "Let's go!" As soon as the hobbits got on the boat, tons of elves jumped out of nowhere and said, "Gotcha!" Then, they put potato sacks over the Hobbits' heads and sailed off with them. "Merry?" Pippin said. "What, Pip?" He responded. "I'm hungry!" "And what do you want me to do about that?" "I dunno. Do you have any food?" "No! And even if I did, I would eat it!" Then, they both spotted Frodo, Bilbo, and Sam. "Hey, guys!" They said. "What are you doing here?" Frodo shrugged. "None of us know. This is beginning to get stranger with every passing moment." Sam nodded in agreement. "What was that!" Bilbo exclaimed. The next person who emerged from the pile was surprisingly not a Hobbit! In fact, he was a tall old man with a white beard and longish white hair, wearing all white. He scratched his head in confusion and surveyed his surroundings. ( Announcer: This is really clueless contestant number six. He is better know as Gandalf the Grey…) Gandalf cleared his throat and gestured to the white beard, white hair, and white clothes. "It's not that hard to remember! It's Gandalf the White !" He said. ( Announcer: Okay! I'm soooooooooo (not) sorry! Anyways, where was I? Ah, yes… He is better known as Gandalf the White , Mithrandir, or, my favorite, the-stupid-clueless-guy-who-could-have-saved-so-much-time-if-he-had-just-used-the-stinkin'-Eagels-to-take-the-Ring-to-Mount-Doom! Man, that's a mouthful. Anyway, let's see how we "convinced" this guy to come on our show… It wasn't really that hard… ) Elrond waited impatiently at the boat. "Hurry up, Gandalf, or I swear I'll leave without you!" " Nooooooooooooooooo!" Gandalf yelled, running onto the ship. " Hah, sucker." Elrond said and put a potato sack over Gandalf's head. Gandalf continued to look around until he spotted the Hobbits and walked over to them. "Hello, Frodo, Sam, Bilbo, Merry, and… um… what's your name again?" He said, pointing to Pippin. "Oh, for the love of…" Pippin muttered. "It's Pippin! Is that so hard to remember Gandalf the Grey… I mean… Gandalf the White!" He yelled to Gandalf. "Ah, now I remember!" Gandalf said, oblivious to what Pippin had said. "You're the Fool of a Took! I knew it would come to me!" "Ui vei!" Pippin exclaimed, slapping himself on the forehead. "Gandalf," Frodo said, "do you have any idea why we're here? Bilbo, Sam, Merry, Pippin, and I don't remember anything that would give us a clue!" "Hold on a second…" Gandalf said. "It's coming to me…" He took a thinking pose. All of the Hobbits, except for Bilbo (who was trying to clean out his ears with his finger), were eager for him to remember. "Nope!" Gandalf said. "I got nothing!" "Oh, man!" Said all of the Hobbits, except for Bilbo. "What!" Bilbo said. Back at the pile, another person got out and dusted himself off. Two hands of two other people who were stuck in the pile waved around, hoping that someone would pull them out. The man sighed and pulled on each of the hands until their owners both tumbled out of the pile. The man looked at who he had pulled out of the pile and looked dumbstruck for a moment or two before he began to run around in circles, screaming, "GHOOOOOOOOOOOOOOSTS!" ( Announcer: Man, I love family reunions! Anyway, these are clueless contestants numbers seven, eight, and nine. They are, in order that they came out of the pile, Faramir, Boromir, and Denethor. They are all from Gondor. Boromir and Denethor are both dead, by the way; Boromir was killed by arrows. And Denethor set himself ablaze. I guess his mother never told him not to play with fire. Hahaha! Oh well! Anyway, here's how we defied the laws of nature, and some supernatural ones as well, to re-unite this family! ) On a pretty little tropical island of death… " Whoooooo! Luau!" Ecthelion yelled. A party was currently in motion. Okay, so they were always partying. Boromir, Denethor, and Finduilas got in line for the limbo. The pole was being supervised by Haldir. Everyone else began to chant, "How low can you go? How low can you go?" Boromir was the first one to go under. As soon as he passed under the pole there was a faint 'pop' and Boromir disappeared. " My son!" Denethor yelled, dropping to his knees. "Noooooooooooooooooooooo!" Haldir rolled his eyes. "I'm sure he's okay, now it's your turn to limbo!" " Fine." Denethor said and went under the pole. Again, there was a faint 'pop' and Denethor disappeared. Finduilas' mout dropped open. It was her turn to limbo. "Forget it." She said. "I'm getting some punch." Haldir cursed his rotten luck that he couldn't re-unite the whole family. Oh well, two out of three wasn't bad. At Minas Tirith… " And why do I have to go on this ship while wearing a blindfold?" Faramir asked the guard, who looked oddly elvish. " Umm… it's a surprise?" " Right… Sorry, I'm not doing it." " But you have to!" " Why?" " Because… I… HE'S ONTO US! GET HIM!" The elf posing as a guard yelled. Suddenly a bunch of elves holding potato sacks surrounded Faramir, potato-sacked his head, and carried him off in the boat. Faramir was running around in a circle screaming about ghosts. Boromir sighed and picked up his little brother by the shirt and began to shake him. "WE ARE NOT GHOSTS!" He yelled and then put Faramir down. "Oh, you're not?" Faramir said. "Well… if you're not ghosts… then that means that I'm dreaming! Aha! Oh man… I hope this isn't one of those dreams with the rabid squirrels…" he shudderd. "Squirrels…" Boromir slapped Faramir in the face, who winced and rubbed the area that had been slapped. "Ow! What'd you do that for!" He said. "If you were dreaming, that wouldn't have hurt." "Good point. So what is going on? And how come you and Father are suddenly… not dead?" Boromir shrugged. "I have no idea…" "I hate you, Faramir." Denethor said. "I know." Faramir said with a grimace. They all spotted the rest of the stranded people and went over to them. As soon as they got over, Pippin screamed and pointed at Denethor, saying, "Aaaaah! It's Crazy! And he's risen from the dead to seek his unholy revenge against me and Gandalf. Run, Gandalf, run!" Pippin screamed as he and Gandalf began to run in random squiggly directions, screaming their heads off. Frodo looked at Boromir and said, "Gah! It's the Ring Theif! Abandon all hope! Run for your lives! He'll kill us all!" Frodo begins to run in circles around Bilbo, who says, "What?" Boromir rolled his eyes, "Geez, you make one mistake…" The next person to get out of the pile was short, but blissfully had no ugly hairy feet. In place of that, he had a long beard. As he got out of