The Ride Home Summary: Needing a ride home from a late night party, Katniss swallows her pride and calls on her former best friend, Peeta Mellark. Visual Prompt: #7 Rating: M Katniss stood at the end of the long drive which led up to the farmhouse behind her. Even from a quarter-mile away, she could hear the booming of music and the loud yelling of the party-goers. With a sigh, she adjusted the strap on her purse on her shoulder before looking either way down the road for his headlights. She wasn't quite sure why she felt so antsy; she'd only called Peeta an hour ago, and unless he flew out of the door immediately upon hanging up with her and floored it all the way there, it was going to be awhile before he showed. Katniss was surprised when she looked up to see a pair of headlights cutting through the darkness, a rusted old pickup coming towards her. It was a hot and humid August night, and when Peeta pulled up next to her, his passenger-side window was already rolled down. She stepped up to the side of his truck uncertainly, remembering her last conversation with her childhood best friend— a falling out. It'd been weeks since they'd spoken civilly toward one another. The last thing she had wanted to do tonight was ask him for a ride home, but it wasn't as if she had any other options. Gale had joined the military upon graduating, Madge was already away at college, and Prim didn't even have her license yet. Peeta leaned across the bench seat of his '87 Dodge Dakota, nodding toward her. "You okay?" he asked, concern evident in his voice. She nodded. An uncomfortable moment of silence passed before he finally asked her, "Then are you going to get in? Or did I drive all the way out here just to watch you stand there next to the road?" Katniss finally pulled open the door of the vehicle, causing its old, rusted metal hinges to groan loudly. Once she'd seated herself on the cracked vinyl seat of the cab, she reached across and—with a great deal of effort—swung the door shut behind her. She stared out the window as Peeta accelerated past the old farmhouse where Katniss' boyfriend— ex-boyfriend —Cato Murphy lived. He had probably moved on since an hour and a half ago when she'd told him things were over. Clove was probably still upstairs, sitting on his bed and waiting for his return. She probably hadn't even bothered to redress herself. Katniss' stomach churned at the thought. "So..." Peeta began, breaking the awkward silence as he turned his truck out onto a long stretch of deserted highway. It was three in the morning, and his vehicle was probably the only one on the road for miles. "Are you going to tell me what happened tonight?" Katniss frowned, folding her arms over her chest. "I don't think that's any of your business." Peeta sent her a sideways glance, blowing out a large breath of air and fluttering his bangs in the process. "You call me in the middle of the night, frantic and upset, telling me you need a ride home, and it's none of my business?" he asked her. "So now I'm just supposed to do you favors at your beck and call, even though..." He shook his head. Katniss raised an eyebrow. "Even though what, Peeta?" "Even though we're not even friends anymore," he mumbled, reaching to signal and turning onto another country road that would take them back to Panem. "That's hardly my fault, Peeta," she told him drily. He glanced at her before looking back towards the road. "You think I wanted it this way?" he argued with her. "I never meant to upset you, Katniss. I told you those things because I gave a shit about you, not because I wanted to tell you how to live your life." "You think I'm not strong enough to take care of myself," she countered. "Well, you know what, Peeta? I don't always need you there protecting me." Peeta sighed in frustration, bringing the palm of his hand down his face. "And if you would have known about something that could potentially hurt me, you wouldn't have warned me?" he asked her. "Is that the kind of friendship we have after seven years?" When she didn't answer him, he pulled the truck to the side of the road. "What are you doing?" Katniss asked him as he put the truck into park and turned off the engine. "Peeta, I want to go home." He shook his head. "We're not going anywhere until we settle this," he told her, his blue eyes slicing into hers. "I care too much about you to have it all end this way. God, Katniss, you're my best friend. And now what? We're just going to stop speaking to one another because of some stupid argument we had about your boyfriend-" "He's not my boyfriend anymore!" she angrily interrupted him, causing him to flinch slightly at her sudden outburst. "You were right, Peeta... You were right about everything! You always are though, aren't you? Cato is a cheat and a liar and a jerk, just like you said he was," she admitted, surprising herself as she choked on her own sob. She groaned, embarrassed that she was crying over him—in front of Peeta of all people—and buried her face into her hands. "So you can be happy now. You can say that you told me so and rub it in my face every single day, because this is exactly how you told me a relationship with him would end!" She exhaled loudly, waiting for Peeta to say something— anything —but his words never came. When she finally looked up to meet his gaze, he was silently watching her, his expression sympathetic. Frowning, he looked forward, tapping his fingertips on the steering wheel thoughtfully. "I was jealous of Cato the moment I met him," he suddenly admitted, causing Katniss to stare at him with confusion. "I hated him. I mean hated him. I was almost happy when I found out what a jerk he is, because then I had a reason to keep you from seeing him." Peeta shook his head. "But then I realized the potential of what you had going with him ending badly. I knew he was going to hurt you, and I could never be happy about that." Katniss frowned, absorbing his words. "You were jealous of Cato," said out loud, perhaps to herself. She looked up to meet his eyes again. "But why would you be jealous of him?" she asked him, her voice cracking. What could Cato possibly have that Peeta didn't? "Because," Peeta began, his eyes closed, as if it was physically paining him to admit it. "Because I've wanted to be with you since the day I met you. I had to watch you two together, watch him take away the only thing I've ever really wanted. I love you...and...and I never even had the nerve to admit it. Then he came in and won your heart before I could even get the courage to do it first." Katniss mouth went agape at his confession: Peeta loved her. Peeta loved her. When she looked across the cab, Peeta was watching her nervously, his cheeks visibly flush under the truck's dome light. He grimaced at the unsettling silence between them. There was no taking back the truth now, no matter how hard he tried. If their fight hadn't forever ended their friendship, undoubtedly his sudden confession of his feelings for her would. "Just..." he began, flicking off the dome light and then reaching to turn the key in the ignition. "Just forget I said anything." But suddenly her small hand was clamping down on his right wrist, stopping him. When he turned to face her, Katniss' gray eyes were shining. "And if I told you that I've felt the same way all along?" she asked him in an almost whisper. "Then what would you do?" Peeta's jaw fell open at her words. Certainly she wasn't admitting what he thought she was—what he hoped she was—was she? For a second he thought that he must be imagining her words. Maybe he was hallucinating from the heat. But the expectant expression that she currently wore told him that, no, he had heard her right: She felt the same way. It only took him a minute as he took in the sight of her—her eyes wide with fright at her own confession, hair clinging to her sweaty neck and forehead, and full lips pursed in question—before he crossed the worn bench seat of his old pickup and, cupping the back of her head with his hand, leaned in to kiss her. The fervor of his kiss was met with a sigh as her small fists instinctively came up to grip the sweat-soaked fabric of the front of Peeta's v-neck t-shirt. He kissed her lips. He kissed the place between her eyebrows. He kissed her eyelids, the tip of her nose, and the angle of her jaw. "I love you," she told him with each kiss he pressed against her skin. "I love you. I love you." He couldn't get enough of hearing those words on her lips; he couldn't get nearly as close to her as he wanted to be. He laid her back against the seat of his truck, and even in the stifling late summer heat, nothing felt more right than the pressure of his body on top of hers. Their sweat mingled as her hands tangled into Peeta's unruly hair as he peppered kisses from her earlobe, across her neck, and on down to her collarbone as he moved aside the strap of her tank top. His body parted from hers only long enough for her to tug off his shirt, dropping it to the floorboard in the process. Her fingers traced the defined lines of his chest as her eyes roamed over him. Peeta had always been strong—so strong—but now she realized also how beautiful he was. From his bright blue eyes, to the unmanageable golden curls that never stayed in place, to his heartwarming smile—every part of him made her stomach flutter. How had she ever taken looking at him for granted before? Katniss eased her torso up from where the cheap vinyl seats stuck to her sweaty back, pulling her own top up over her head as Peeta watched her carefully. Then she placed a kiss on his chest, just below his clavicle, and his body stiffened, his pulse thumping against her lips. His eyes fell over her chest and to the lacy bra that still covered her breasts. He was apprehensive—uncertain if he should touch her. She could feel his hands trembling on her hips when she finally took the liberty of reaching back to unclasp her bra, letting it fall to the floorboard of the truck with a soft thump. "Katniss," Peeta's voice caught in his throat, his eyes gliding over her bare breasts before meeting hers. She took his hand in her own, guiding it from when it still rested on her hip, up across her unyielding stomach, and over her ribcage to cup her small breast in his hand. He didn't move at first, waiting before carefully bringing up his thumb to graze over her hardened nipple and causing her to arch into him. A soft moan filled the cab of the truck. Peeta's blue eyes stared at her piercingly. "I-I don't want to rush this," he said softly, cautiously, though his hand didn't stray from where it rested. But Katniss only smiled, pulling him towards her by his bare shoulders until his forehead rested against her own. "Peeta, I think it's been long enough." She didn't have to think twice about it: It had always been Peeta. To make her point, she took his