Author's Note: Before you begin the two usual warnings. One, this is a side fic to "Lily and the Art of Being Sisyphus" and if you aren't familiar with that you'll be unbelievably confused. Second, this is obvious positively NOT CANON. Because ten billion years' time is so fragile, so ephemeral… it arouses such a bittersweet, almost heartbreaking fondness. - Now and Then, Here and There Prelude September 1991, The Train Station Called Purgatory, a Sunday which did not occur but perhaps could have. "Tell me a story, Death." Death looked down at her, blinking away the memories that had been dancing inside of his unearthly green eyes, and that familiar fondness sparkled there once again as he took in the present moment of Lily, Wizard Lenin, a white snuffling rabbit, and a pot of tea between them all, on a Sunday afternoon in a place without time or memory. "A story?" He asked, a small smile at the edge of his lips, "I would think it'd be you who could tell me a story, Lily, not much happens to me these days." Wizard Lenin, next to her scoffed, dragging his dark hat over his eyes, shifting in his seat as he tried to nap his way through this meeting (as he often did on any given meeting with Death, having long since decided that since he couldn't seem to ever get under Death's skin he might as well not even bother trying.) Which, really, Wizard Lenin could at least acknowledge that Death was far superior to anyone in Hogwarts. Of course, that might be the exact problem. Wizard Lenin had something of an obsessive need to be superior to everyone around him, Lily was fine because for whatever reason Lily didn't count, and Lily excelled in vastly different things and tended to need Wizard Lenin as a guide for everything else. They were a team, perhaps one of the greatest teams there had ever been. That, and they were sort of stuck with each other, and ten years of solitary confinement with only one other person around is a long time to hold a grudge. However, Death, he wasn't like other people. For one, he was older than Wizard Lenin, had more unspoken and unknown experiences lingering in his shadow and an aura of serene wisdom that Wizard Lenin couldn't hope to match. He was also absurdly powerful, more than Wizard Lenin at any rate, and could probably crush him like an ant if he were so inclined. But more than that even, was the fact that Death, in his secret heart of hearts, didn't find Wizard Lenin terrifying or even monstrous, just sort of distantly sad. Like he could only ever see the potential of Wizard Lenin rather than what he truly was. Of course, this was just Lily guessing, the truth was that both Death and Wizard Lenin were rather hard to read in their own peculiar ways. The only solid thing she knew, was that for one reason or another, both found the other more than mildly distasteful. "Well, not one from now, obviously, but your old universe, you never talk about it much." "Ah, well…" Death trailed off, the smile dimming ever so slightly, "I hadn't thought they were stories worth telling, to be honest." Lily blinked, blinked again, and felt the need to point out, "Uncle, you were a God Emperor. If that's not worthy of a story or two I don't know what is." "Ah, yes, certainly I have tales of holy wars, glory, religion, and despair… There are also more than a few about friendship, hope, and love. The summit of man's imagination and the pit of his fears…" He trailed off again, before brushing this off rather abruptly with a dismissive wave of his hand, dashing all of Lily's hopes and dreams, "However, remembering them can be exhausting and I don't always have it in me." "Come on, it has to be better than Hogwarts," Lily groaned, throwing her hands into the air, "You would not believe the shit I have to put up with in Hogwarts, and I've only been there a week!" If Rabbit were so inclined to agree, if he were capable of agreeing or disagreeing, then she imagined his snuffles meant he full heartedly supported Lily's sentiment on the giant disappointment that was Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. Not that Lily had given it that much hope to begin with, but with both Death and Wizard Lenin talking it up, surely it would have been… more than it was. "That's hardly fair, Lily, as you pointed out you've only been there a week…" Death started but Lily wasn't about to get into the pros and cons of Hogwarts again, not after having seen it for herself. "No, no, believe me, when you've seen and lived with Pansy Parkinson you've seen enough." Lily said, holding up her hand in defense, the only defense she needed with an argument like Pansy Parkinson's existence on her side. "Pansy Parkinson, the worth of Hogwarts is now to be judged on Pansy Parkinson," Wizard Lenin groused, not even bothering to look at either of them, "Surely, Lily, you could find something more impressive." "Like quidditch?" Lily asked, and although it was beneath Wizard Lenin to respond with the obligatory 'touché', she could tell it reverberated through his head just by the unwilling clenching of his jaw. Besides, he was just upset that Hogwarts' secret treasure hadn't been inside of the secret basement that Dumbledore and friends had set up, which, really, that would have just been far too obvious and far too easy. Lily was mildly surprised he hadn't stalked off try and burn down Purgatory again. She wasn't sure if this was a good thing or a bad thing or if she should be impressed by his restraint. "But you see, one of my greatest stories has seven years' worth of Hogwarts embroiled in it…" Lily groaned, her head hitting the table, cutting him off, even as Death offered her a quick amused smile at her suffering. Because of course, she'd forgotten that Death inconceivably enjoyed this place, and that Wizard Lenin did too for whatever reason (which really should be some kind of a paradox as those two made it a point to never agree with each other out of sheer principle). Hogwarts, she was certain, was just another sign that the world was coming to its end, because everyone seemed to be in love with it even though it made little to no pretenses of not being terrible. "However, that one, I think, is a little too close to all of us for comfort," Death finished, his smile turning slightly nostalgic as his eyes turned downwards to his own reflection in the dark cup of tea. "Not the Hogwarts story, please, I have enough Hogwarts in my life," Lily insisted, finding her inner center once again and doing her very best not to think of what she'd return to, or the fact that she'd have Defense again on Monday with Quirrell the stuttering squirrel. "A pity, that really is one of my better ones…" Death said trailing off, he seemed to contemplate this for a moment, fingers tapping against the table, and finally his strange nostalgic smile grew a little wider and the light of memory burned in his eyes, "Ah, I do have one." He tilted his head, leaned back and began in a calm and curiously casual voice, "I was young then, not quite as young as I was in the beginning, having more or less come to terms with the truth of my existence, but not nearly so old as I would be by the end. Earth was still populated, colonization of the stars only just becoming possible, and space still the new and forbidding frontier filled with so many unknowns and so many possibilities." Death's eyes dulled for a moment, and in them Lily could see the red dust of Mars, the bitter winds raging across its surface, and the smoke of war and guns, "Earth had grown crowded, tired, the cities turned into iron and steel meccas of poverty and despair alight with neon halos. More, I had lingered long enough, and as I lifted my head towards the stars, no longer visible there in the cities, I realized I had long since overstayed my welcome. The moon and Mars had already since been colonized and terraformed, small cities springing up out there with all the optimism that Earth had forgotten, but the ship I boarded travelled somewhere far more ambitious. With the right timing, travelling to Mars would not be a significant hardship on a crew or even passengers. It would take time, yes, half a year on average, but with advances in science and the muggle discovery of magic it was more than doable without inducing hyper sleep in either passengers or the crew members. More ambitious trips, to other star systems, now there in lied a problem. There were several reasons, from physical health, storage constraints, as well as the psychological health of human crew members and passengers, that made voyages like that (ones which would take years perhaps even decades) unfeasible. Or at least, not with a solely human crew. Luckily, by that time, a series of near sentient androids had been developed and created, ones that could mimic a crew member, only one who would never suffer from cancer, starvation, or cabin fever. And suddenly, all possibilities were more than possible…" Death trailed off for a moment, took a sip of his tea, gathering his thoughts, and as he did so Lily couldn't help but notice that Lenin had lifted the cap from his face, and was now actively staring, silently, at Death. Death, however, seemed to be paying neither of them much attention at all, "I boarded one such ship, perhaps the first of its kind if I'm remembering correctly, as a future colonist sent out to help terraform and create this new world in Earth's image, I was one of many. However, I was probably one of the few who paid close attention to the android designed and programmed to accompany us on our expedition. He was very good looking, blonde, tall, blue eyes… Of course, they all were, good looking, there were a standard set of designs and even those not built for prostitution or pleasure all had a certain symmetrical look to them, designed to appeal to the human eye. That said, they always had a look to them, a sort of inhuman metallic sharpness that one could never quite get away from. A sense of… inhumanity to them. His, I suppose, was more prominent than most, not because he was less human, but perhaps because he was more. He had the right posture, the right expression on his face, only when he smiled there was nothing in his eyes, no spark of human thought, just… flatness. However, such androids were nothing new, taken for granted by many, disconcerting to some, and wholly expected and necessary on this kind of an expedition. Of course, I'd always found them to be a fascinating people." "Did he have a name?" Lily interrupted, when Death paused once again. "Yes, two, in fact," Death said, taking a sip of his tea in between his words, "His given name, that of his model and make, was David. I, later, would call him Erised." "Erised?" Lenin asked, brow furrowed, his chronic look of irritation returning, but Death only offered him a grin. "An obscure play on words; our greatest desires which shatter us," Death explained, still with that wry smile, looking directly at Wizard Lenin as he did so, "Because he wanted, more than anything else, he coveted and he wanted. That millennia later, another man, a desert prince who would challenge gods, bearing the name Erised and no other, would cross my path is another story altogether." Death then