In which the girl-who-lived does not live up to her title, meets Death at a train station, and decides to change her name. Eleanor Lily Potter was the only child of the deceased James and Lily Potter both of whom had allegedly died in a car crash when she was only a year old. She now lived with her aunt, uncle, and cousin where she worked as an indentured servant until she had repaid them for their unending kindness. She couldn't quite remember where she'd heard the term "indentured servant" but she had found it in her brain one day (the Dursleys had never really used that word, they'd always said 'freak' or 'girl' or any other monosyllabic name that was really more like a command) and had decided that's what she was. After all, she was the one who was tasked with keeping the house clean, making sure breakfast was made in some edible form, and weeding the garden and in return her relatives gave her room (the servants' quarters beneath the stairs) and board (a smaller version of Dudley's enormous meals). Sure, her room was a cupboard that had probably been a pantry in its last life, but it was a room and it had a mattress so she didn't complain too much. She did wonder how she got sorted into this indentured servant business, she couldn't remember a time when she hadn't been working for the Dursleys, so she had to assume that the debt came when they had to take her in after the car wreck. Still, she'd think to herself as she was pulling weeds, that was an awfully long time ago and the debt should have been paid off by now (unless they were charging interest). When not working for the Dursleys she went to school and ran very fast as Dudley and his skinny friend whose name she could never remember chased her through the park with sticks while yelling things she never really bothered to listen to. When asked to describe herself she would respond rapidly, "I am a girl, I have red hair and green eyes, I'm short for my age but I'll grow taller when my work is more satisfactory and the Dursleys increase my salary, my parents are dead, and I am five years old." It was in that year that the description she had given would change completely. The Dursleys had some important family business in the city, which probably meant Dudley eating his weight in pasta at a restaurant that was too nice for servants to attend, and she had been left with crazy Mrs. Figg. Mrs. Figg, aside from being named after a fruit, loved cats, this was how the little girl knew how to label her as crazy rather than eccentric, and on that particular day the house was crawling with them. Ellie (what she called herself back then) didn't particularly like or dislike cats, but she wasn't sure why Mrs. Figg needed so many. They were sitting in her living room, a rather floral place with a bit too much lace to be considered decorative. Ellie was staring at the pictures of cats on the walls where the Dursleys kept pictures of Dudley while Mrs. Figg arranged a battered silver tray that contained a wide variety of biscuits, bread, and tea. "So my dear, how's your cousin doing?" Mrs. Figg asked as she passed Ellie her particular cup of tea for the day. Ellie knew she was expected to drink the tea first but she really wanted to get to the food, the Dursleys had cut her paycheck again after discovering that Dudley had done poorly in school and lowered their overall performance review, if she could store some of the biscuits now she wouldn't have to worry about when her funds ran too low and starvation set in. "Fat." Ellie responded sipping from the tea with delicate poise that seemed appropriate for this kind of setting. "…I'm sorry? I don't believe I heard you right, did you say your cousin was doing… fat?" Mrs. Figg asked in the way that normally was reserved for Ellie's kindergarten teacher. Ellie nodded with an air of wisdom and set down her tea to explain. "Dudley's been getting particularly round lately." Ellie said in confidence, "It's so that he can inherit the family business from uncle Vernon, you see I think a lot of it is presentation, so if Dudley begins to look like uncle Vernon he will eventually become uncle Vernon and be able to take over his legacy once uncle Vernon retires." Mrs. Figg smiled politely, the smile Ellie suspected was forced and somewhat fake but received too often to be offended by, "That's… very nice, dear." "I didn't expect Dudley to start training so early," Ellie confessed to the now somewhat silent Mrs. Figg, "But then again, aunt Petunia and uncle Vernon are always talking about how extraordinary Dudley is so I guess it's pretty reasonable that he'd start super young." Mrs. Figg's polite smile became progressively politer and Ellie wondered if she was on the verge of saying another "That's very nice, dear." That always seemed to be people's, non-Dursleys, responses to whatever she said and she could never understand why. She wondered if it was something they ate. "…How is school?" Mrs. Figg asked suddenly, as if to divert the topic. School was a very interesting place, after a few days of being herded into her pin with the other children, Ellie had realized that school was a type of zoo for adults to watch and observe the patterns of children. They were observed in a somewhat artificial, but desperately attempting to be natural, environment where their keepers would mark their progress in various tasks upon charts with gold stars and track their interactions with other members of the herd. However, this was all very hush-hush as it would ruin the observations if the subjects knew they were being observed. Besides, she wasn't quite sure the other children were aware of the true nature of school, when she talked to one of them about it they just sort of looked at her and then walked away. "Very educational." Ellie finally settled on before clarifying by saying, "We read books." "Yes, I suppose you do." Mrs. Figg said, "Do you like it?" "It's a place." Ellie said after pondering the question for a few moments with a shrug, "Books are nice, although we're not supposed to be able to read them yet." "You can read already?" Mrs. Figg asked sounding somewhat surprised. "On the record I'll have to say no as it will skew the official results of the experiment, off the record there were a bunch of books in the Dursleys attic that mysteriously relocated themselves to the servants' quarters and haven't been missed." She then blinked her large green eyes rather owlishly and continued to drink her tea, Mrs. Figg seemed rather put out by the stream of words that had exited the little girl's mouth. Finally crazy Mrs. Figg appeared to have reached her limit because she sighed and said, "Eleanor, dear, would you like to play outside for a little while?" And so Ellie escaped the house filled with cats and made her way outside where she faced a very ominous tree that would forever change her destiny. It looked like a very climbable tree, which was what caught her interest in the first place, Ellie had climbed very few trees in her life and rarely just to do so (usually they were a means to escape Dudley when he was being unusually persistent) and looking at it now she thought she'd like to make a slow ascent so that she could try to touch the sky. Tall, and grey, it blocked out the sun and cast shadows in Ellie's eyes as she climbed ever upwards. At this rate, she thought to herself, I'll taste the clouds in my mouth before I ever reach the top and then I'll taste sunlight. She climbed steadily on confident limbs reaching from one branch to the next with ease born of long-years of practiced athleticism. So perhaps it was not her confident foot that slipped, or a clever branch that broke under the weight, but rather an instrument of fate that sent five year old Eleanor Lily Potter tumbling from the tree to the hard ground several feet below. She almost didn't feel the impact, and then she didn't feel anything at all. For a moment or two there wasn't anything, she wasn't anywhere at all, and then slowly but surely a train station came into view. A great black and red train awaited passengers with a benign aura while the station itself almost glittered with pristine cleanliness. She knew she had never been here before and yet she felt as if it was all very familiar, like the face of a classmate whose name always slunk to the back of her mind out of sight, there but slightly out of reach. She stood slowly and brushed off her knees and began to explore the seemingly empty station. It certainly wasn't Mrs. Figg's garden that was for sure, but then sometimes weird things happened to Ellie and she found that it was just best to go with the flow. Like the time aunt Petunia had cut her hair off with scissors and it had grown back overnight. So mysteriously ending up in an unfamiliar/familiar train station was a little weird but it wasn't unthinkable. Walking about the station she kept her eye on the train, wondering if she was supposed to get on, she didn't have a ticket but it looked so bright and inviting like it was smiling and waiting for her to hop on board for an adventure. She approached the glinting train and found an entrance, just before she stepped on though someone stepped off. It was a tall thin man who reminded her of a crow. He stood very straight and very still dressed in dark very foreign clothing with worn edges and looked out with mild interest at the station surrounding him. It wasn't so much that everything was black but that everything was dark, like looking a shadow and realizing that it was not black at all but a blue that had been consumed by black, this man wore a dark and tattered rainbow that had been dyed in ink so as to disguise its richness. He had rather wild dark hair that stood on his head like feathers while his face was so pale it looked like a painted mask and his eyes glittered like stolen green jewels that his crow's heart had taken delight in. The crow-man hadn't noticed her but was instead watching with those green-leaf eyes the emptiness of the train station, he frowned slightly and rocked back on his heels blinking before looking at it again with a cocked head. He muttered something in an unfamiliar language and cocked his head to the other side looking, if anything, more confused than before. "Hi!" Ellie said brightly waving at him. His head whipped around wildly until he was looking directly at her in blinking confusion. His mouth opened slightly before closing again and he leaned back as if he wanted to climb back into the train, "No, wait, don't go! My name's Ellie and I don't know where I am. Was the train nice?" He stopped moving backwards at least and paused as if to consider her, green eyes taking her in piece by piece until he had arranged and rearranged all of her. Finally he said in a soft powerful voice, "Hello." He seemed to have decided she was alright because he stepped off the train and onto the platform. He continued to regard her all the while his features finally changing from confusion to a small smile, one she hadn't ever seen before, not even on T.V. It was soft,