There's a song that hasn't been written about a boy named Sue. It has a rugged, rough, twanging sound that you don't hear in songs today. Like jazz but without the brass and the coolness, in the clear voice of every man, of any man. In it is the sound of wheat, the country, the casual violence of the common man's life. It's amazing the things you know and the things you don't. There are so many things that I can't fit inside my head but I know that sound and I know those lyrics and every once in a while a catch myself humming along to a tune that Mr. Cash has yet to write. " My daddy left home when I was three And he didn't leave much to ma and me Just this old guitar and an empty bottle of booze Now, I don't blame him cause he run and hid But the meanest thing that he ever did Was before he left, he went and named me 'Sue'" I was almost a girl named Tom. It wasn't my father, my father has been absent since the day of my conception, and my mother took the more permanent exit of death through childbirth than simply leaving but it's close enough to make a ballad out of it. It's amazing what you remember and what you don't and what you should and what you shouldn't. I remember everything, but it was like watching a play for the first couple of years. I was me, standing outside of myself, and that crawling helpless thing was Elizabeth Mary Riddle. (I'm getting ahead of myself, I promised myself I wouldn't do that.) I need to go back, to that girl named Tom. Merope Gaunt walked into Wool's orphanage in the cold December of 1926 too weak with childbirth and despair to go any further. She collapsed on their doorstep and was taken in and there was debate over seeing a medic but her water had already broken and she was deep into labor. So a younger Mrs. Cole told an assistant to go fetch water and "hurry it up the woman looks like she's going to die right here on the floor", and there was much talking of pushing, and staying strong. Eventually, almost near midnight, I came out. Only, like I said, it was like I was watching me at the time. I felt the terrible cold, the noise, the color, and the light but I was able to step back from myself as if it was some surreal dream. It was me, I knew it was me, but it didn't matter. David Lynch doesn't exist yet either and neither do the films and television shows he directed but those early periods of my life (and the majority of my dreams themselves) are like a scene from a David Lynch dream. Everything is separated from reality, kept apart, and you walk through distantly knowing that it isn't real but going along with it anyway. You make assumptions, like you're in the audience and told that this man is named Hamlet and he's going to die, and based on those assumptions you move forward and you don't question them. Even when you know they're wrong. So I was the baby and I wasn't the baby and I decided to accept that because that's how the dream called life was going at that particular moment. There was a towel wiping me, wiping off bodily fluids, and I fussed and cried in Mrs. Cole's arms. "It's a girl." Mrs. Cole said, looking relieved that I'd made it out okay or perhaps that I looked like a healthy normal baby unlike my pale, sickly, and uncomely mother. "I…" Merope said, her eyes glassy, she was still pushing though not quite done and she tried to speak through the pain and the tears, "I…" "Mrs. Cole, I think she's having twins." The girl assisting Mrs. Cole said, her eyes alarmed, still urging Merope to push now and then so that the other baby could join me in the land of the living. "I… I want you to name him Tom… Like his father." Merope bit out, before letting loose a cry causing the women to soothe her, "And… And his middle name… Marvolo… for my father." She started again, letting out a cry, the other baby was becoming visible but Merope didn't even seem to notice even as Mrs. Cole and her assistant told her to push, push, and keep on pushing. For a while she didn't speak, only screamed, as my sibling entered this world alongside me. I could only watch with blurred vision that refused to focus and somehow knew in spite of this that Merope was almost glittering with the sweat. Only when the other baby was out, when it seemed as if she was done for the night, did she smile and say, "Tom Marvolo Riddle." And then only a few moments later, before Mrs. Cole got a chance to interject and insist that the first (the one she'd named) was a girl, and that there was a boy who'd needed naming too she died, right there on the floor in the mess of her own afterbirth. Maybe my mother had known the second twin was a boy, but somehow I think that if I was the only one in there, then she'd still have insisted. At any rate there were two of us and my brother took the name Tom Marvolo Riddle and I wasn't given any at all by my mother but instead was labeled Elizabeth Mary Riddle by Mrs. Cole. So you see, I was almost a girl named Tom. I think it's this 'almost' business that gets me, that really gets at the heart of what I am and what's wrong with me, because I'm almost that girl named Tom. I think the almost is why I'm a little different than everyone else, a little different even than my brother, who is in turn even more different than me. Tom and Almost-Tom, that's what we are. But I'm getting ahead of myself again. I want to talk about memory. There's a few different kinds of memories. There's the things you remember about yourself, like a day at a park, or a specific incident. There's the things you remember out of repetition, like you always liked ice cream and hated cats. And then there's the things you just know but don't remember how you learned it or where it really came from. I have memories of a lot of things, useless small things, a lot of songs by Mr. Johnny Cash, the Na-Na-Na's of "Hey Jude", the life times and death of Jean Valjean, the name of Harry Callahan's gun in "Dirty Harry", and so many more. I knew English before I heard a word of it and a neat American accent came with it (I never would manage to master the British), I'd always known how to read and write, and ask me what a computer program is and how to make it print out "Hello World" then I could have it done before you could blink. I know things but I don't know how or why. It's just always been there, along with awareness, most people forget those first years and maybe even get hazy on the first ten but I've always remembered them and known them. For the first few years the body was just this thing that I had to keep track of and when it got too cold, hungry, tired, etc. I just raised the alarm and waited for someone to come and take care of it. This probably kept me sane, because I can't imagine what it would be like to actually be trapped in a toddler's body. For a while I assumed everyone was like this, that they had all this stuff that wasn't real yet rolling around in their heads, and that you just kind of ignored it unless it was relevant. I thought everyone knew that the "Lion King" was really just "Hamlet" the musical but with more action and lions to go with it. It took a decent while for me to realize that I wasn't normal, about the time that my American accent started to surface along with an impressive built in vocabulary. This is just a fact to accept about me, your narrator, as we go along on our journey. I don't know the why or the how, if there was a me before me and if that me died somehow, if I'm the least melodramatic and one of the most powerful seers to have ever existed, but it's just something you have to roll with while I tell you a story. The story of how I ended up telling this story to you now and everything that goes with it. Another fact is that this story doesn't start where I started it and it won't end where I end it. Stories are like that, they're like stations on a railway, you get on at one and you get off at another but you're not at the end of the line either way, the story steams ahead without you leaving all possibilities to be discovered in its future. A good story never really ends, it haunts, it lingers, and that's just how it is. December 31, 1926 in Wool's Orphanage in London. Our first stop. Seven year old Tom Riddle had a rabbit swinging in his hands and was eying the rafters with speculation. Tom and his sister had always been different, special, even if Mrs. Cole and everyone else tried to deny it. Lizzie said not to say things like that, she always got this weird look on her face when he brought it up (because it was true and she knew it), and said that it was bad to look down on others just because they weren't like them; like they were supposed to want to be like Billy Stubbs or Amy or any of the other orphans. He never knew why Lizzie was so insistent about it especially since Tom knew that she knew that he was right. Maybe it was because she was so bored in school. She knew everything they taught before they taught it, had taught Tom reading, writing, and mathematics long before they even attended. He remembered their first day, when it was clear that both he and Lizzie knew everything he was teaching, he'd just kind of looked at them and told them to keep doing everything the class was doing anyways. Sometimes he'd let Lizzie read her thick books that she managed to get from the library but only after she'd done all the worksheets for the day. Tom was bored in class, being the second best student, he had no idea how bored Lizzie must be by all of it. But that wasn't really it though, it was too petty, shallow, something anyone might guess. Lizzie was comprised of layers, you peeled back one and there was always a thought beneath it, until you could go deeper and deeper without ever seeing the heart of her. Tom had once overheard a conversation between their teacher and Mrs. Cole. It'd been in their first year of schooling, when Tom had thought there was some point to it, and hadn't realized that Lizzie already knew and had told him everything. He'd been coming in from the yard having gotten bored of watching Lizzie stare quietly out at the other children, not in the mood for talking, and had been making his way to the classroom. It was on the way that he heard voices coming from a room, the door slightly ajar, and inside was Mrs. Cole and their teacher. The school was for the orphans, so it was small, and they didn't have many resources but it meant that Mrs. Cole was kept well informed of things