Hey guys sorry, I've been really sick and times are just really messed up now. Anyway this is my new story I'm a huge Pot-head so hope you guys enjoy this. I don't own Harry Potter, Um that belongs to JK Rowling, lucky woman! Hermione Granger arrived at Kings Cross Station early on September 1st to avoid a certain red head boy who always found it fun to torment her. She got her bags loaded and walked briskly to the end of the maroon train and chose to sit in the compartment next to the prefects. Her bushy brown hair flowing roughly behind her, it was only 8 o'clock in the morning meaning she was the first one on the train- as always. People usually made fun of her for her love of reading and her large front teeth which her parents had insisted she get braces for, it was more a command really, now she had to face her 5th year at Hogwarts with her teeth wired, yeah 'cause she didn't get enough torture for her looks. Hermione had very few friends her best friend was one Neville Longbottom, not the smartest nor the bravest boy alive but certainly one of the most loyal people known to exist, her other friends were; Lavender Brown and Pavarti Patil the gossip section of the group, their friendship started in their 2nd year by the two girls finding Hermione in the girls bathroom at Hogwarts with her wrists slashed they got her to the hospital wing where Madam Pomfrey mended her cuts. The sight shocked the two girls, the smartest witch in their year had tried to commit suicide after the whole scenario they refused to let her out of their sites and made themselves her two guardians and friends. They had spent every summer sending her letters and invites to their houses to ensure she never felt alone ever again. Two hours passed and people started coming by the dozens into the station, Hermione was reading a book she had bought before arriving at Kings Cross Station when her compartment door slid open, revealing her worst fear, Ronald Weasley, her personal bully, he had hated Hermione ever since their 1st year at Hogwarts and now he had recruited his sister, Ginny Weasley to help insult her. "Hey Ginny, what's that smell?" He asked obnoxiously. "Hmm, smells like a mudblood, oh look that's why." She replied pointing at Hermione. Laughing the duo walked back down the train to find their own compartment. Wiping tears away Hermione got back to her book, when the door opened once again, she was expecting the Weasley duo again and drew her wand to hex them but stopped to see Neville standing there with his hands held up in surrender. "Whoa Mione it's me!" he called. "Sorry, it's just the Weasels were here and well, yeah." She said putting her wand away and getting back to her book. "Sorry Mione, I should've knocked. So, how was your summer?" he asked in hopes to change the subject away from the two youngest Weasley children. "Not too bad thanks yours?" "Eh, average. Where are the Gossip columns?" Hermione chuckled, "They haven't arrived yet, oh wait speak of the devils." Just as Hermione said that, Parvati and Lavender burst through the door and almost killed her with a double bear hug then doing the same to Neville before sitting down and spilling the dirt on what they had heard over the summer vacation. "…and apparently they say this unknown source had stated that… You-Know-Who's back!" finished Parvarti. There was a deadly silence in the room before Neville spoke. "So do you think his back? I mean he was reported killed." "Of course the Ministry isn't going to take this seriously, I mean if the public heard that this mad man has in fact returned they'll be an uproar." Hermione said putting her book down and looking thoughtful. "Okay next topic!" Lavender started, "I heard there's going to be a new student joining our year at Hogwarts!" she finished excitedly. "Okay how do you even know that?" Neville asked sceptically. "Mama's got ways Longbottom." Lavender said with a sly smile. The rest of the journey was spent discussing the new student; Who is it? Are they a boy or girl? Will they be taking the same subjects as them? Are they cute? (Lavender's question) They were having fun with the possibility that this new person would be their friend. Oo00oO Draco Malfoy was sitting in his compartment with his fellow Slytherin looking out the window at the passing country side. "What's wrong, Draco?" Pansy Parkinson asked. "What? Oh nothing, I was just thinking of something father told me before I left, apparently we're getting a student in our year this year." Daphne Greengrass who had been quiet the entire journey perked up at the mention of a new student. "Who is it?" asked Vincent Goyle. "I don't know he didn't tell me. All I know is that this person had to go into hiding, for some security thing, I bet it's some stupid mudblood, knowing the fool Dumbledore. He'll let any sort of riff raft in Hogwarts." Daphne rolled her blue eyes, at Draco's words. She hated that word, and wasn't like any of the other Slytherin's who only cared for themselves and looked down on the other houses. She always respected Hufflepuff for their Loyalty, Ravenclaw for their knowledge and Gryffindor for their bravery, but everyone else associated Slytherin with evil, all because of that ignorant fool Draco Malfoy. Looking over at her best friend Tracey Davis, Daphne was happy to see her roll her eyes at him as well. Then without any warning Blaise Zabini sat in front of them and gave what he must've thought as a flirty smile. "Hey Greengrass, Davis, you ladies are looking especially good this evening." "What do you want Zabini?" Daphne asked with ice in her tone which made Blaise wince a little. They don't call her the 'Ice Queen' for nothing. "I was wondering if one of you lovely ladies would like to accompany me on the trips to Hogsmead this year." He asked hiding he's fear so well that only a 4 year old would be fool. "No." They girls replied simultaneously, leaving no room for argument. Seeing that he struck out, Blaise made his way over to the table with Draco to hear more about this mystery student that will be arriving into their year. Oo00oO The Hogwarts Express came to a halt at its destination. After changing into their Gryffindor filing out of the train, Neville, Parvati, Lavender and Hermione made their way to a horseless carriage still discussing the new student, when their fun was ruined, by the red head terrors. "Oh look, its Fartari, Long-arse, Browny and the Mudblood. Well let's go Gin; I'm not going to get infected with their patheticness." Ron laughed. The four friends glared at the duo as they got on their own carriage. Turning away from them they were shocked to see two Slytherine's sitting next to Hermione, apparently their thoughts the two Slytherin's spoke before they could. "Sorry, the only other carriage's left are with the Weasel's and with Draco. We're not fans of theirs." The blonde said with a hard voice. "I'm Tracey Davis, and my warm natured friend here is Daphne Greengrass." Tracey said with a smile. But her comment earned her a glare from her best friend. "Wait, Greengrass as in the 'Ice Queen' Greengrass?" Lavender asked which only got her a nod in response. "Wow. You're like a legend amongst all the girls in our year!" Parvati praised. "Really? Why?" Neville asked. "Merlin Longbottom, you're slow! She turned down Cedric Diggory's invite to Hogsmead!" Lavender said slapping Neville's arm. "Well I'm sorry I'm not a subscriber of the Hogwarts gossip column!" Neville cried rubbing his arm. The others gave a small chuckle; even Daphne cracked a smile at the playful banter between the two friends. The carriage started moving and the all fell into a comfortable silence until Tracy started the topic of the new student arriving at Hogwarts. "Yeah, Malfoy doesn't sound too happy about it, does he?" Neville said after what Tracey had told them what they had heard on the train. "He's just sulking; with all this new talk of a new student no one's paying him any attention." Daphne said with a satisfied grin. They reached the grounds of Hogwarts they walked into the great hall still talking about Draco's tiny ego and how they hope this new student crushes it further. Saying their goodbye's they made their way to their separate houses. The four friends had been in a good mood until… "Oh, Merlin! Did you see that? Longbottom, Patil, Brown and Mu- Granger are now hanging out with snakes!" Ginny yelled pointing at the four in question, which sent waves mummers through the Gryffindor table but several words were heard such as; 'Traitors.' 'Not true Gryffindor's.' and the obvious 'God I wish that Granger had just finished what she tried to do in 3rd year.' which came from Ron, of course earning him a few chuckles from Dean Thomas and Seamus Finnigin. After a few minutes of being insulted by their 'Family' the Great hall fell and Professor McGonagall was leading the very nervous looking first years into the hall, then next came the Sorting Hat which she placed on a stool and to the surprise of many first year students it started singing. I may look funny, tattered and torn, But an honourable oath I have sworn. To sort the Wise from the Loyal and the Cunning from the Brave, Though a test is required it is not what you are thinking, nay. I am the sorting hat bewitched by the greatest of minds, I do not judge on the big picture but read between the lines. Are you Loyal enough to grace the Hufflepuff home? Or do you possess the knowledge of Ravenclaw in thy dome. Are you strong to bare Gryffindor on your chest? Or maybe you have the cunning mind of Sytherine you want to test. You may not know where they all have been, But I know and I have seen. They filled me with the answered you all seek, So put me on and I shall have a peek. The Great Hall broke out into applause and cheers were heard from the Weasley twins, the only Weasley's the four friends liked, they were so much nicer than their younger siblings. After the sorting was completed everyone was happy that they would finally get some food, but what shocked some students was that the Sorting hat was yet to be removed. Dumbledore then stood and the students fell quiet, giving a small smile he addressed them. "Welcome to another magical year at Hogwarts school of Witchcraft and Wizardry. I'd like to announce a few things before we begin our feast. Firstly I'd like to say that the Forbidden Forest at the end of the school grounds is off limits to all students, even though most of you seem to ignore this rule." Dumbledore's blue eyes fell on the Weasley twins who grinned at him in response, giving a small smile and sigh at their reactions he continued, "I'd also like to introduce our new Defence Against the Dark Arts teacher, Professors Lupin." Remus Lupin stood from the teachers' table and gave a small wave before sitting again. "Also I notice that you all see the Sorting hat has yet to be removed, there is a good reason for this, there shall be a new student joining the 5th years this year." The whispers and mummers began again before they all died down again. "I am sure the news had been spread way before I had made this announcement, now without further ado, Professor McGonagall?" The strict looking Professor stepped forward and read the last name on