Hey everyone. Well this idea has been irritating me lately so i'm posting it. Not a one shot. This story will follow the adventures of Harry and his brother Andrew. Not your typical; Andrew is the boy who lived instead of Harry bull. No. This is my second story. Canon when i feel like it. other than that... NO! Harry/Tonks (suddenly fell in love with this pairing.) Hermione/ Ron v.s Andrew. I dont own Harry Potter or anything about it. except for Andrew. Please read Reveiw and Enjoy. Chapter 1: Prologue Lily Potter was beyond excited at the news the Medi-witch had told them. Lily was currently two months pregnant with a bouncing baby boy, James had been with her in the hospital room; his face a light with excitement at the thought of having someone other than his three best friends to play with. The date was December the 18th 1979. Both Potter's understood that even though this was very exciting news that they only had a small amount of time to celebrate it. The reason was the current war raging between the light side called the Order of the Phoenix lead by one of the most powerful wizards alive; Dumbledore and the evil Dark Lord Voldemort. But that didn't stop either future parent from rushing home to inform their friends of the future little bundle of joy that should be arriving in the next seven months or so but instead decided to inform everyone at their next Order meeting. So the next Saturday when everyone was free the Order had met at the Potter's, not wanting everyone distracted they opted to wait until the meeting was adjourned. "Welcome everyone, shall we begin?" Albus Dumbledore asked from the head of the table. "Well, I guess I should go first. The wolves have started trusting me more and more, but it's getting increasingly difficult coming up with excuses as to why I refuse to kill muggles. I'm practically left with the excuse of 'I'm a vegetarian'." That comment got a few sniggers amongst the group and an amused look on Dumbledore's face. "But anyway, there's been talk of Voldemort returning to his old home for something. But even they we aren't sure what that might be yet." "Thank you, Remus." Remus Lupin, a thinly haired man gave a smile and sat back down. The Order use Lupin to gain information from within the closest pack of Werewolves associated with Voldemort. Dumbledore smiled at the young man who had just spoken and nodded to towards the table for anyone else who might have information to give. There were a few looks around the table before a Dumbledore gave a slight nod of his head and proceeded giving them orders and suggestions to Lupin for more excuses to give to the Death Eater wolf pack. After an hour of planning and discussions, the meeting ended with everyone going into the sitting room. Lily quickly went off to the kitchen while pulling James along by his ear much to his chagrin. After preparing some snack's and tea, the couple stood up to address their friends. "Everyone." "We have some excellent news to share with you all?" The entire room fell quiet as they looked up the young couple. "Well, James and I are happy to announce that very soon we'll be getting another addition to the Order." Lily said with a glowing smile. Almost immediately Dumbledore stood up and gave James and Lily tight hugs and whispers of congratulations. He was soon followed by Minerva McGonagall, Molly and Arthur Weasley and Remus Lupin; meanwhile Sirius looked up at James with tears in his eyes. "Y-you mean…?" he stammered. "That's right, and we, well that's to say Lily and I really wanted you to be our child's Godfather." "W-what, m-m-me… no I couldn't." Sirius said looking away from his 'brother' and his wife. "Yes you could and you shall. Sirius, you're practically James's brother and we want you to be a part of this family." Lilly said looking at the dark haired man sitting in front of her. "You too, Remus, we want you to be the awesome, honorary uncle." James said grinning at his second best friend. "James, I'm touched you would consider that, but I couldn't possibly-" He was ferociously cut off by Lily. "Remus Lupin, if you decline this offer because of your moonbeam madness, I swear on Merlin's beard, I'll castrate you, cook them then serve them back to you in spaghetti and tomato sauce!" her face left no room for objections, but Remus thought he should try one more time. "But what if I hurt him or worse bi-" he stopped as he saw the red-faced, red-head glaring daggers at him. "Is what I would've said, I- I'd love to be the child's uncle." He finished with a nervous chuckle. Everyone laughed at this and went into a deep discussion about baby name's and what the child could possibly look like, but the night was clearly far from over as the Potter's heard a knock at their door. James, Sirius and Remus went to answer the door, having their hands close to their wands in case of an attack, James looked back at his two friends and gave a small nod as he threw open the door, only to be met by his next door neighbour and very close friend; Ray and Lisa George. Giving them a happy smile he led them into the house to join in their festivities. Ray George was an average height man who looked too young for his age. He had broad shoulders, dark skin and a small amount of facial hair. He also had dread locks which hung down to his shoulders, but what made James appeal to the man all the more was the fact that they had been paired up in their Auror trainee years and had hit it off instantly. The fact that Remus, Sirius and Peter also found him to be acceptable was a plus in James's book. Lisa George was a short Indian woman who had run away from her home land with Ray after they had hit it off, but her family had denied them being together which lead to her making her escape. She was born from a wizarding family but couldn't perform any herself. That had made her enough of an outcast with her own family but Ray had promised her another life where no prejudice. She had large brown eyes, a heart shaped face, and long shiny black hair which just added mystery to her. She had been with Ray a near four years and they had only gotten married the previous year. Her English had greatly improved yet still held her strong accent. "Jamie, Siri, Remmy! How you guys doing?" Ray asked stepping into the Potter residence. James laughed at the nick-name; his friend was definitely in a good mood tonight. "We're doing great, Ray. Lisa, how wonderful it is to see you. You're looking beautiful this evening, like always." James said giving the Indian girl a kiss on the cheek. "Why sir, are you flirting with me?" she asked smirking at the man. "He sure as hell better not be." said the voice of a smirking red-head who was leaning against the door frame. "Lily dear, my god you're glowing. Whatever you're smoking I'd like some." Ray said with a sly smile. "Nothing and you know that." She replied with a light blush. It happened at the George's engagement party; Ray had offered Lily a small amount of marijuana, and curious as she was she had a small pull before tripping balls. "We said we would never speak of that night, or have you forgotten what happened last time." she said glaring at the laughing Sirius. He immediately stopped and looked away looking innocently. "Well, we're being very rude to our other guests, we'd better head back." Remus said leading the new couple into the sitting room. "Ah Mr George and Lovely Lisa what brings you two here this lovely evening?" Albus asked with his usual twinkling blue eyes. "Well in all honesty." Lisa said quietly "We were kind of hoping to break the news to James and lily first." She finished with a shy smile. "I do so hope it's good news, dear." Minerva said in a motherly tone. "Oh, no, it's good news, brilliant actually." Ray said with chestier cat grin. "Oh do tell." Sirius said in his best saucy voice. This caused the males to give him strange looks while the ladies scoffed and motioned for Lisa to continue. "Well, I'm with child!" she squealed happily. There was a pregnant pause in the room, not even the mosquito on Sirius's arm paused from drinking his blood for a moment. James looked at Lily, who looked at Remus, who lifted an eyebrow at Minevra, who blinked at Albus, who smiled at Sirius, who gaped at Ray, who beamed at Lisa, who looked like she was floating on seventh heaven. "Wow." James managed to say. "Yeah, wow." Lily breathed. "Um, is something wrong?" Lisa asked looking around the room when her thoughts were over. "No, no it's not that at all, it's just well… err… wow this is some kinda coincidence." Remus said softly. "What is it?" Ray asked getting frustrated. "Oh Merlin! Lily also told us she was pregnant not more than twenty minutes before you arrived." Sirius said finally getting over his stupor. There was a loud yell of happiness from all the females in the room and an even loud yell of happiness from the males as they all tackled Ray to the ground much to Lisa's amusement. She watched as the men continued to squeeze Ray so hard a faint of purple was visible on his dark face. Her thoughts were snapped though as she was given a bone crushing hug of her own by all the females. Everyone stopped when a short, pudgy man by the name of Peter Pettigrew entered the house. "Um, what I miss?" (oo-[][]-oo) One year and three months later, Lisa George sat on the Potter's porch in their hidden location, watching their respective husbands playing with their children, both little boys. Lisa and Lily had come up with the idea of living far away from each other for the main reason that both their families are wanted by Voldemort and his lackeys. Today was the first time they had seen each other in many months, Lisa watched as Ray lifted their son; Andrew Raymond George, in the air to receive a loud squeal of delight in return. Lily Potter sat enjoying a lovey cup of tea as she watched James and Ray throw their little boys in the air then swap them and repeat the action, she watched the copy of her husband; Harry James Potter, grab his father's nose in an attempt to remove it. Which incidentally he did, thanks to a small amount of accidental magic. The sight made her laugh as she watched James scream like a girl as little Harry held his father's nose in the air like some trophy he had just won. Her eyes then flickered over to Ray and little Andy, she almost burst out laughing at the sight; Ray stood holding his son at arm's length, while they glared at each other and Andrew's outstretched arm aiming for his dad's face in an attempt to pull his father's nose off his face. "Oh aren't they just adorable?" Lisa said with a small hint of laughter in her voice. "Oh, they're just darlings." Lily replied happily. She turned to look at James again as he ran over to Ray successfully breaking up the glaring match between the two George males, his voice sounded awkward as he begged Ray to fix what Harry had done. Ray turned his head to look at his friend but that was just the distraction Andrew needed to make a