Uh Uh some deep shit uh uh look away uh uh ohhhhhh ohhhhhhh ohhhhhhh ohhhh yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah Mama please stop cryin' I can't stand the sound Your pain is painful and it's Tearing me down I hear glasses breakin' As I sit up in my bed I told dad you didn't mean Those nasty things you said You fight about money 'Bout me and my brother And this I come home to This is my shelter It ain't easy, growin' up in world war 3 Never known what love could be You'll see, I don't want love to destroy me Like it has done my family Can we work it out (Can we) Can we be a family (Can we) I promise I'll be better (I promise) Mommy I'll do anything (I'll do anything) Can we work it out? Can we be a family? I promise I'll be better Daddy please don't leave Daddy please stop yelling (stop) I can't stand the sound (can't stand the sound) Make mama stop cryin' 'Cause I need you around (yeah yeah yeah) My mama she loves you (I know it) No matter what she says it's true I know that she hurts you But remember I love you too! I ran away today, ran from the noise Ran away (ran away) Don't wanna go back to that place But don't have no choice, no way (no choice, no way) It ain't easy, growin' up in world war 3 Never knowin' what love could be But I've seen, I don't want love to destroy me Like it did my family Can we work it out (Can we work it out ohhhhhh!) Can we be a family I promise I'll be better (I promise) Mommy I'll do anything (Anything to keep you here!) Can we work it out Can we be a family I promise I'll be better (I promise, I promise) Daddy please don't leave In our family portrait (In our family portrait) We look pretty happy (We look pretty happy) Let's play pretend, let's act like it (let's act let's act let's act like it comes) Comes naturally I don't wanna have to split the holidays (no no) I don't want two addresses (no no no no nooo) I don't want a stepbrother anyways And I don't want my mom to have to change her last name! Ohhhhhhhh no no no no no noooooooohhhhh no no no no no (Little kidz chorus) In our family portrait We look pretty happy We look pretty normal Lets go back to that In our family portrait We look pretty happy Lets play pretend, act like it Goes naturally In our family portrait (Can we work it out) We look pretty happy (Can we be a family) We look pretty normal (I promise I'll be better) Lets go back to that (Mommy I'll do anything) In our family portait (Can we work it out) We look pretty happy (Can we be a family) Lets play pretend (I promise I'll be better) Act like it goes naturally,(Daddy please don't leave) Oh lets go back Oh lets go back that Remember the days, remember the days In our family portrait (Can we work it out) We look pretty happy (Can we be a family) We look pretty normal (I promise I'll be better) Lets go back to that (Mommy I'll do anything) In our family portait (Can we work it out) We look pretty happy (Can we be a family) We look pretty normal (I promise I'll be better) Please go back to that (Daddy please don't leave) That! ohhhhhhhhhhh! Don't leave... don't leave... Daddy don't leave... Don't leave... Daddy don't leave... Daddy don't leave.. Daddy don't leave... Daddy dont leave... Don't leave... don't leave... Turn around please... He's so mad Remember that the night you left You took my shining star Daddy don't leave... Daddy don't leave... Daddy don't leave... Don't leave us here alone Mama'll be nicer I'll be so much better I'll tell my brother Oh I won't spill the milk at dinner I'll be so much better I'll do everything right I'll be your little girl forever I'll go to sleep at night Ooh no Ooh no Ooh no Ooh Family Portrait By Pink "HEEEELLLLLOOOO VOLTERRA!" I hear Pink Scream looking at the crowed and seeing a few vampires but I'm not worried after all if I was I wouldn't have booked a concert in the vampire capital ha-ha "I Can't hear you, welcome your one and only Crimson Roses and there lead singer Death!" These vampires are going to want to kill me if not me Her by the end of this concert ha-ha "DEATH!" everyone yells that should have caught there attention…not *note sarcasm* I made my grand entrance when my band started playing the music for are first song and Fuck me there are a lot more vampires than I thought there was and the gods must be smiling on me (no pun intended on those that are christen or what not) because right there in the crowd was none other than Edward Cullen the jackass I wanted to kill. If only he new maybe I should call daddy after this ok back on track my queues coming up. You think you finally made it That you escaped eternal fire And you're about to save your Oh-so-precious life But you will die Soon your lifeless body will Be dragged through mud and slime I'll eat your worthless little soul At the gates of hell tonight And you will die, you will die, you will die, Burn in hell forever Better get the hell out of my way Better say your prayer cause darkness is coming You will not see another day Get the hell out of my way Better say your prayer cause darkness is coming My Bloodstained reign is here to stay I'm coming for the prey I guarantee cold shivers will be running down your spine Don't turn around cause I'm closing in from behind And you will die How do you dare and try to fool the evil king Your time has come your chances are running precariously thin And I will win, I will win, you will die Burn in hell forever Better get the hell out of my way Better say your prayer cause darkness is coming You will not see another day Get the hell out of my way Better say your prayer cause darkness is coming My Bloodstained reign is here to stay I'm coming for the prey Pugnacitas captivitas dominatio Miseria tristitia desperatio Better get the hell out of my way Better say your prayer cause darkness is coming You will not see another day Get the hell out of my way Better say your prayer cause darkness is coming My Bloodstained reign is here to stay I'm coming for the prey Get the hell out of my way- Krypteria "Hello Volterra!" And the screaming has begun god the vampires look like they want to kill me. Ha-ha sweet revenge, "how are we tonight" oh that was quiet "Let's try this again because I think the drunks are betting my favorites" that got their attention ha-ha suckers uh oh there plotting " well let get this fucking revenge plot party started" everyone screamed, and of course the vampires look schoocked shocker. -Daddy -Yeah baby girl -I got a problem at the concert I'm at -vampires and lots of the plus the ex I'm supposed to tell you about tonight -I'm on my way So it's you again, fool, You're a stupid little thing Who really picked a bad bad day To irritate the king You challenged my existence Much to my chagrin I pity you 'cause your future's Looking extraordinarily grim So you climbed the highest mountain even Tried to catch the stars? Well I'm quite impressed but that don't mean I won't rip out your heart I will never fall to noone, You don't seem to understand Let alone to such a sorry little man Boy you better kiss your life goodbye In a minute you will face eternal fire You best believe it, I really mean it In hell you're gonna fry - bye bye Boy you better kiss your life goodbye Don't you see that your rebellious ass is mine You best believe it, I really mean it Kiss your life goodbye Take your final breath now, Say farewell and be my guest And witness how my bloodstained sword Will open up your chest Get ready for release, Yes you will sense a touch of steel But I seriously doubt you will Appreciate the feel So you climbed the highest mountain even Tried to catch the stars? Well I'm quite impressed but that don't mean I won't rip out your heart I will never fall to noone, You don't seem to understand Let alone to such a sorry little man Boy you better kiss your life goodbye In a minute you will face eternal fire You best believe it, I really mean it In hell you're gonna fry - bye bye Boy you better kiss your life goodbye Don't you see that your rebellious ass is mine You best believe it, I really mean it Kiss your life goodbye I've had enough of all this noble stuff So someone soon will lose his head Spread my hate at the fateful gate Then I'll drown your mates in a sea of red Boy you better kiss your life goodbye In a minute you will face eternal fire You best believe it, I really mean it In hell you're gonny fry You'll die, you'll die, you'll die, say goodbye Boy you better kiss your life goodbye In a minute you will face eternal fire You best believe it, I really mean it In hell you're gonna fry - bye bye Boy you better kiss your life goodbye Don't you see that your rebellious ass is mine You best believe it, I really mean it Kiss your life goodbye Kiss your life goodbye- Krypteria Oh Daddy's here he-he FUCK Edwards probably wondering who ii am and just got his answer from daddy ha-ha this night just couldn't get any better. I hear the countdown it's ticking - the victim of my ambition on a mission to the stars No way back I find myself on the edge of one gaping nothing - did I really order this Face the crowd make us proud it's up to you now, break a leg we'll be right back Ten nine eight seven six five four three two and one All systems go, shield your soul it's fourth and goal from the 21 In danger I know of losing it all still it can be done This could be my moment in time it's there for the taking - the question is can I make it last Face the crowd make us proud it's up to you now, break a leg we'll be right back Ten nine eight seven six five four three two and one All systems go, shield your soul it's fourth and goal from the 21 In danger I know of losing it all still it can be done Ten nine eight seven six five four three two and one All systems go, shield your soul it's fourth and goal from the 21 In danger I know of losing it all still it can be done All systems go face the unknown one last shot from the 21 I enter the zone cause deep down I know yes it can be done You might receive what you want and still end up with nothing All systems go-kyrteria Uh oh daddys pissed and a pissed off voltori elite guard is not a good combination. But what the hell I want to see what happens. Sides nobody nows I exist anyway that's what makes him so danm good at his job Me the