A/N - I know many of you out there enjoy a good Darkward Fic - I do too! Although, my Edward won't be too dark. I've never posted a story on here before (although I have written stories in my Word Documents and saved them). Charlie will not be an angel in this fic. He will be violent, angry, and spiteful. Sorry if this offends anyone. Leave me your thoughts at the end and we will see where this goes! *Chapter 1* " I'm friends with the monster that's under my bed," - Rihanna - The Monster (Eminem ft Rihanna) "Bella!" My father roared from downstairs. I jumped and stumbled out of bed, my legs shaking as I flew down the stairs from my attic bedroom as fast as I could manage. Charlie was standing at the bottom of the stairs, glaring daggers at me. "Why the fuck are you sleeping in? You have chores to do," He hissed, his nostrils flaring with anger. "I'm sorry," I whispered, tiptoeing closer to my father as he breathed heavily, his breath reeking of alcohol. I was shaking in my thin sleeping shirt and sweatpants that covered all my cuts and scars as I realised with shock that I had slept in. "You bitch, you were supposed to be making my breakfast hours ago!" He roared, grabbing my throat and squeezing hard. I clutched his meaty hands fearfully, praying it wouldn't leave a mark as I had to go to school at half eight. No amount of make-up would cover the purple hand-print shapes on my snowy-white neck. I was so pale that it was increasingly difficult to find a foundation to match my skin tone in any shop. "If you do this again, you will pay heavily," The anger on his face was one I had seen many times. I stayed silent and breathed deeply through my nose. He dropped me to the floor, leaving me gasping and clutching my throat. I waited until he had slammed out of the house - giving me a backwards glare - until I finally crawled to my feet. I felt hot tears run down my cheeks and my chest heaved with sobs. No father should treat his own daughter this way and I hated it. I glanced at my watch reverently and found I only had half an hour to get ready. I wanted to crumple into a heap and cry right there on the stairs but got myself together and quickly rushed round, completing my morning chores. I washed up the breakfast dishes, ran the hoover round the living room and hung Charlie's spare Police uniform out to dry on the line. Not that it would dry much, seeing as I lived in the rainiest town in the continental U.S. I barely had time to shove on my burgundy, long sleeved t-shirt and baggy black sweats that would cover me modestly enough. After my foundation was applied over my fresh bruises, my hair was fixed to cover the marks and my satchel was packed, I ran out into the rain to drive to school. I just made it by the skin of my teeth. The bell was just ringing as I walked into class, late for the first time in my existence. I just prayed it wouldn't go on my record. If Charlie found I was late, I would be beaten within an inch of my life. My first class was Maths, which I sucked at. The teacher, Mrs Thorne, was luckily one of those pitying types who croons over any problem you may have. I mumbled my apology and she smiled warmly, nodding understandingly. But she didn't understand. No one did. I shuffled to the back where my seat was and flopped down, immediately tuning out the whispers and sniggers of my peers and preparing my books for the lesson. First and second period passed slowly but I was glad to be involved in my routine. When break arrived, I went straight to the wall behind the cafeteria like always and took out my apple to munch. I plugged in my headphones into my phone and turned my music up loud. No one could see me or hear me and I liked it that way. I was content until I heard voices coming my way. I quickly shoved my phone in my pocket and threw my apple core onto the grass behind me. I sat, my head bent, waiting for a nasty, snide comment, or a Skittle to be aimed at my head. Both had happened many times before. Neither came. I chanced a look up and almost fell off the wall. There at the end of the passageway that lead to my hideout, was two of the most beautiful people I had ever seen. A boy and a girl about my age. The girl was clutching a packet of cigarettes and the boy - oh god and what a gorgeous boy he was - carried nothing but a confused look on his pale, alluring face. "Hello!" The girl spoke at last. "Who are you? Why are you sitting here?" She fired questions at me and all I could do was blink. No one ever spoke directly to me. Only whispered about me or threw a crappy comment my way, but nothing more. The boy glanced at who I assumed was his girlfriend and then back to me, an interested look on his face. "Who paid you?" I asked in a bored tone. "What?" The girl frowned. I almost rolled my eyes. Newcomers. Great. "No one ever talks to me, so who put you up to this? What's the joke?" I gritted out, picking at a hangnail idly. "There's no joke," The boy said softly, his voice like butter melting in the sun. Oh, God. I think my panties just flooded. I looked away quickly, sighing. They didn't get the message. I couldn't socialise with them; they were beautiful, attractive, alluring, and…irritatingly nice. The girl hopped up on the wall beside me gracefully and crossed her legs. She stuck out her hand, "I'm Alice," I stared at her hand like it was poisoned and she withdrew quickly, shaking off my bluntness. "And he," She pointed to the boy, "Is Edward - my brother," Her brother? They looked nothing alike. Not a single feature matched on either of their faces. And their names were weird too. Edward…that was quite old fashioned. Alice was a pretty normal name, but still odd. Edward smiled wickedly at me and came to stand beside Alice, leaning his arm casually on the wall. They smelled quite decent for people who seemingly liked to smoke. They smelled musky, with a hint of fresh pine needles that opened up my sinuses eagerly. "What's your name?" Alice piped up after a few moments of awkward silence. She took out a cigarette and handed it to Edward who took in silently between his elegant fingers. "Uh…Bella," I replied, blushing when Edward caught my eye and grinned. "Bella…I like it!" She announced. "We are going to be friends," "Are we?" I raised an eyebrow sceptically. "Yep." "Right," I snorted and rolled my eyes for real this time. Edward took out a red lighter and lit up his cigarette, drawing deeply and flicking the excess away expertly. I breathed shallowly, hating the smell but not wanting to be rude and point this out. Alice was peering at me curiously, like I was an exhibit at a zoo. Roll up, roll up! Come watch freak girl gag at the smell of smoke. God I was a wussy. "Do you smoke?" Alice asked in a quiet voice. "No." "Do drugs?" " No. " "Good, because they are both disgusting habits," She said with clear distaste as Edward laughed and blew a deliberate cloud of smoke into her disapproving face. If it was only him that smoked then why did she carry his booty for him? "You are a pig," She pointed out, looking at her brother with an annoyed frown. "You know it," He smirked. "Excuse me ladies, I must go," He took some dark shades out of his leather jacket pocket and slipped them on, making him look even more irresistible than before. It wouldn't be long before the sluts of the school would be lining up, flashing their boobs and dropping their panties for him. "Nice meeting you Bella," He smiled at me, the corner of his mouth turning up. Oh his lips... "I'll mind not to smoke in your company again," And with that, he turned and walked out of the passage, leaving me with…my new friend? Alice was insistent until break ended. She talked about her old school, clothes, make-up and anything under the sun. She avoided the topic of her brother. I nodded and smiled as I relaxed in her company. She was quite nice. The only problem was that if Charlie found out, I would be dead meat. Not only that, she wouldn't want to be friends for long once she met the bimbos of the school - Jessica and Lauren Stanley. The Twitty Twins (combining Twit and Titty, get it?) as I liked to call them. They were dumb, blonde, pretty, outgoing and popular. Everything everyone seemed to love. Everything Edward would probably love. Why did I care if he liked that shit or not? It was none of business anyway. I was everything everyone seemed to hate . Brunette, quiet, smart, boring and unpopular. Edward would never go for someone like me. "Where to now?" Alice asked as we walked together - getting stunned looks as we passed - towards building B. "Biology for me," "Aww man! I got Physics," She groaned, angrily glaring at her time-table. I pretended to be sad about that fact too - but was relieved. I liked Alice, I liked her a lot. But we couldn't be seen together. I didn't want to get my hopes up about her being my friend. We parted our separate ways, Alice shouting an order for me to meet her in the canteen at lunch rather than outside it. I nodded in agreement but silently promised I would hide behind the car park wall instead. I walked into Biology, feeling downbeat and weird as I sat down and got out my books. Mr Banner hadn't entered the class yet so I sat and waited, my head down as other students filed in, rowdily chucking paper planes and tossing Skittles and Smarties at anyone within firing range. One hit me right in the head and landed in my lap. It was a green one. I sure felt green. I didn't look up, I just sighed wearily and was about to flick it to the floor when an angry, familiar voice rang out. "How dare you throw your garbage at her!" Edward's beautiful voice snarled directly at Mike Newton - the King of Bullies. Everyone immediately fell silent. Edward stood beside me, glaring at Mike, his chest heaving with fury. Mike smirked. "Oooh we got a tough guy!" He cat-called as his crew sniggered. "What's up newbie? Take a liking to Swotty Potty Swan here?" He grinned, gesturing to me. I looked up at Edward to fin his eyes blazing a deep ochre that I hadn't noticed earlier. "Don't even think about it," Edward hissed as Mike stepped towards him, his vile smirk still in place. Edward drew up to his full height in one deep breath and towered over Mike. Mike gulped quietly, his face draining of colour. "If you want to keep your puny dick attached to you body, then I suggest you step the fuck away from me right now and never, ever come within a two metre radius of Ms Swan ever again," He drew out, eerily calm. Mike's cronies hurried to their seats as Mr Banner came into the room with the old VCR player in tow. At least I would have a distraction from