Hello there ! You must have noticed that I have uploaded quite a few new stories in French, my native language. Since not everyone is able to read and it (though some are trying... #TumblrGirl :3 ), I thought I would make up for it and give my English/otherpartsoftheworld a brand new story. I have been thinking and playing with that one fro the whole day, so I REALLY hope you'll enjoy your time ! :) It's rather cute (but the real cuteness is yet to come ...) and really, really lemony. Please don't read if that bothers you. For the others ... hope you like it ! DISCLAIMER : Twilight and its characters does not belong to me. The rain was pourring outside, and the streets of Oxford were almost completely deserted. The wind was howling. Carlisle sighed. A nurse knocked on his door and timidly pushed it opened. « Doctor, I'm sorry to bother you again, but Mrs. Jonhsson is waiting for you downstairs. » Carlisle got up, relieved to finally have something to do, and smiled to the nurse. « Thank you, Hilary, I'll go meet her. » Mrs. Jonhsson was a very kind woman who had suffered a violent car crash, in which her husband Jaimie Jonhsson died. The poor woman was in a deep depression state, and visited the hospital quite often, as if to remain where her husband had passed away, a few months ago. Carlisle sincerely hoped that she wouldn't be crying this time. He was surprised to see her with a bright smile on her face, eyes shining. « Good evening, Doctor. I am sorry if I'm bothering but I really need your help on a rather delicate matter. » « Good evening, Mrs. Johnsson . I'd be happy to help. But first I need to call my wife at home, just to let her know I'll be late. » Carlisle realised what he had just said when the woman's eyes lost their shine. She muttered a weak « oh », loosing her smile. The doctor cursed under his breath. « I am sorry. » he said, sincere. « It was not my intent. » « No, that's okay, Doctor. » she said bravely. « I don't want to keep you from your family. May be I could come back tomorrow morning ? Would that be better ? » Carlisle sighed, and nodded. « I'm afraid I have a rather hectic schedule tomorrow, . But I would gladly help you this evening ! I'm sure Esme wouldn't mind either. I just need to check. » That was a lie. He did not need to check. He remebered perfectly that they had nothing planned for this evening. He just wanted to hear her voice. « Of course, thank you, Doctor. » she said, her smile back again. « Please call me Carlisle. » He had already told her that, when he had treated her and her husband, after the accident. But that fifty-years old woman seemed to refuse the familiarity between her and the doctor. It was not the first time he'd notice that with his patients. They were all a bit intimidated, afraid sometimes … That made him sad, but that was the way it worked. She smiled kindly and said : « It's Emily. » Carlisle smiled back, and held the door of his study opened for her, and entered after her. As soon as he made his way inside, he noticed the light, sweet perfume of his wife. A little startled, Carlisle looked around, trying to spot her, but she was nowhere to be seen. « Doctor, is everything alright ? » Mrs. Johnsson asked, her brows knitted together. « Yes. Yes, of course ! Please sit down. » he answered. As she sat herself on the leather chair in front of his desk, he glanced on last time around the room. No sign of his Esme. She must have been looking for him while he was downstairs with Mrs. Johnsson… They had barely talked for ten minutes ... Esme could have waited for him ? Perhaps she had heard that he was busy with a patient and had left, not wanting to disturb him. Carlisle held back a smile. How was he ever going to make her understand that she was never disturbing him ? Well, he certainly had an idea on the subject … Sadly, it would have to wait. « Well, it might seem a bit strange to you but … you were the first person I thought I would talk to. » she began, her hands playing with the hem of her shirt. She was nervous, he could tell, even if she was trying to hide it. « Since my husband's death … (she choked on her words) I have been feeling really lonely, as you can imagine. » Carlisle felt as if her bright grey eyes were scanning him. « Mrs. Johnsson ... » he began, unsure. « Let me finish, will you ? » she said impatiently, erasing his words with an simple movement of her hand. He sat in his own chair, feeling a bit nervous himself. « Well … I bought a cat. » Carlisle's brain bugged at those words. « And … she had kittens. » He bugged even more, if it was at all possible. « I would like you to take one of them. I can't provide a whole litter, as you certainly understand, but I do want the babies to find a good home. I knew you would be one of my first choice. » Carlisle was about to refuse, very politely, when she said lowly : « Don't even think for one moment that they will hide from you. » That one sentence – only one – sent chills running down the doctor's spine. The woman was staring at him, a smile on her lips, her X-rays eyes piercing every inch of his soul. She was testing him in a way he had never been before. Her blood became more noticeable. He held his breath, knowing that he would be just fine. It wasn't her blood that was so disturbing. It was the way her eyes were exploring him, scanning him, checking him … As if he was the on the operation table. As if he was no longer the doctor, but the patient … The one in need of help. Mrs. Johnsson's face seemed so young to him suddenly. He could picture her at twenty, flashing that smile of hers while exploring souls with those terrible eyes. He felt exactly that same shiver he had felt when Elizabeth Masen had asked him to save her boy, to save Edward. « Will you at least come and see them ? » she asked, worry in her voice. He was brought back to the present time roughly. He checked the time. Mrs. Johnsson caught his gesture and smiled again. « Perhaps not today, though. » He nodded, unable to utter a single word. Slowly, she got up, and held her hand out, which he shook. She handed him a piece of paper, and waved at him, wishing him a « good evening » he barely heard. Once the door was closed, he released his breath. He looked down on the paper folded in his hand, and opened it curiously. As he thought, he found her name and address written on it. She had also added a short message which said : Doctor Cullen, Thank you for your time this evening. I know it wasn't the right moment. I would really appreciate if you were to pay me a visit in the next days. The kittens are ready to be weened. I am sure they'll adore you. And I'm even more sure you will adore them. May be come with your wife ? I would love to meet her. Good night, Mrs. Johnsson. He stared at the paper for a good two minutes, thoughts flying in his mind. He couldn't really work out how all this had happened to him . His curiosity was itching him terribly. But, at the same time, his reason was urging him to refuse, and just forget about all that. But how could he ? He had vague memories of a cat he once owned. He knew for sure that it was back in his human years, since animals were afraid of him. He remembered horses, as well. What a disaster it had been for him when he had found out that he couldn't even be near one. The fact that animals disliked him had been very, very hard to accept. And even more so to handle, since he had felt so lonely. So he had bought loads of books and journals instead. At least, books were always eager to be read … Carlisle slowly got up, took his case, and closed the door. On his way, he waved goodbye to Dr. Adams, who was taking the night shift since last month. « Have a nice night of sleep, Carlisle, tomorrow's a busy day. » « I'll keep that in mind, Paul, thank you. » The rain had calmed down a bit, but he could tell that a thunderstorm was coming. The air was electric. As he made his way to his car, he thought about the kittens. He had seen baby cats before, of course, and had always liked them. In his long life, he hd never met any human who wasn't attracted to those cute little furry friends. And cats seemed to like humans just fine … But he wasn't human, and whatever Mrs. Johnsson really thought, nothing was going to change that. Animals were just not attracted to them. Which was quite unfair since he had always been attracted to them . However, he knew how much fun a kitten could be. The work, he trusted that himself, and his wife, would be enough. Since they did not sleep, whenever the kitten would need something, they'd be able to provide him. And Renesmée would certainly be overjoyed. Carlisle smirked when he realised that he was truly making plans to bring a kitten home. He wasn't in his right mind, and he had certainly not intended his day to end over such an unexpected evening. He had planned to get home to Esme and his children, enjoy their company … and perhaps make love to his delightful wife over and over again. Shaking those thoughts away, he drove all the way to his house, without giving into his desire to go to Mrs. Johnsson's place. He would figure out later what to do. And then he realised that he hadn't checked on Esme. oooo When I stepped into our room, the first thing I noticed was the fresh scent of newly acquired bed sheets. Then I caught my wife's scent. She was standing in front of our bed, with Alice, looking utterly satisfied. « I told you they'd look great ! » Alice said. Esme laughed. « I never doubted that. » « Hello, Carlisle ! » Alice pipped. Startled, Esme turned over, and her surprised look soon faded into a welcoming smile. « Welcome home, love. » « I'm very glad to be home » I said, wrapping my arms around her, kissing her lightly on the lips. « New bed sheets, Alice ? » I added, looking up at my daughter, who was smiling fondly. « Yep. I convinced Esme. » she answered happily. « I didn't really need it, though... » Alice rolled her eyes, and made her way to the door. « Have a nice evening. I've got a feeling that it's going to be a rather unusual one ! » That said, she closed the door, and we heard her giggle all the way back downstairs. I sighed. Esme looked at me very intently, her marvelous golden eyes glistening with curiosity. « You know what she meant