A/N: Here is the first chapter of a story that I'm pretty proud of. Yesterday, I completed a draft of 25 chapters for this story. I started this story over a year ago (that's why there was a long hiatus for AVHS). There will still be some fluff and smut in this story, but I wanted to see if I could draw up something a little more action filled. Enjoy the first chapter of Prince of Darkness. Chapter 1 "All right, then." said Moody. "Everyone ready, please. I want us all to leave at exactly the same time or the whole point of the diversion is lost." Everybody motioned their heads. "Hold tight now, Ron," said Tonks, and Harry saw Ron throw a forcing, guilty look at Lupin before placing his hands on each side of her waist. Hagrid kicked the motorbike into life: It roared like a dragon, and the sidecar began to vibrate. "Good luck, everyone," shouted Moody. "See you all in about an hour at the Burrow. On the count of three. One ... two. THREE." Hermione gripped onto Kingsley as tightly as she could. The Thestral that the pair of them was riding shot hard off the group and simultaneously flapped its massive bat-like wings. "Hang on tight, Hermione," Kingsley's deep, assuring voice called over his shoulder. "We're going to both make it through this." Hermione nodded once and knew that the dark-skinned wizard couldn't see her motion, but she hoped that he felt the nod against his back as she held on. All around them, there appeared to be chaos. Seven Harrys and seven protectors were flying all around them. There were four broomsticks whizzing about, there were two Thestrals making bird-like noises as they climbed into the air, and lastly, Sirius's motorbike thundered into the night. If Hermione imagined the take-off as chaos, there was no word that explained what they flew into after they broke through the cloud cover. The Death Eaters had been waiting for them. Hermione and Kingsley were one of the last pairs to join the fight and Hermione's eyes shot out of her head at the first sight. This was a dogfight that she couldn't've imagined in her wildest dreams. She didn't know what she was expecting when the Order of the Phoenix had told her that there may be opposition, but this was unfathomable. There were fourteen members that were fighting under the colors of the Order and there had to be at least thirty Death Eaters and various dark wizards. Remus Lupin had once explained to Hermione in private, "Shock is a powerful emotion. It is capable of defining a witch or wizard. It is often through shock that someone's true worth comes out." Hermione was ashamed that the shock of everything paralyzed her. "Blast," Kingsley roared as he led the Thestral toward the center of the fight. The Thestrals were fast fliers, but couldn't match the fastest racing brooms for speed. The Thestrals also couldn't handle as easily as a broomstick, but being on one of the black, winged horses wasn't completely for naught. Unlike a broom, the Thestrals could think autonomously. They had a sense of self-preservation and reflexes that bordered on instantaneous. Also, a well-trained Thestral, which Hagrid's herd had been, could be as fearless and useful in battle as Pegasus to Hercules. "Come on, we've got to help the others," Kinglsey groaned into the ear of his steed. The Thestral rose higher into the sky toward the zooming of brooms. Hermione was never a big fan of flying, but she had been a vital piece to the puzzle for retrieving Harry. Seven potters were required, because Dumbledore had always had the idea that seven was a superbly magical number. Hermione had been the seventh selection. Ron had voted to keep Hermione back - against her firm stance on wanting to go. "It won't be safe," Ron whispered to her. "When has anything we've ever done been safe?" Hermione asked rhetorically. "This is life and death," Ron tried again. "What about the Stone, and the Chamber, and the werewolves and murders from Azkaban…" Hermione's voice was now rising. "Hey!" Lupin said in mild offense. "Of course, you and Sirius - may he rest in peace," Hermione said on the side, "turned out okay-" Hermione circled back to the point, "What I'm saying is, that I'll be ok." Ron wasn't the only one that was hesitant of Hermione going along. Mr. And Mrs. Weasley had tried to protest. "I'm seventeen - I'll be eighteen in September. I can make my own decisions," Hermione said after she was annoyed that everyone was treating her like a delicate flower. She had been through worse than an escort mission for Harry. She was wrong. Here she was in the fray of the fight that would be referred to as the Battle of Seven Potters, and she was holding onto Kingsley for dear life. Even with the second most powerful Auror that she knew, Hermione couldn't will her wand to do anything. "Crucio," a voice said behind Hermione's back. They were only past the cloud cover for about twenty seconds until Hermione and Kingsley were beginning to be followed. The curses came faster than either Kingsley or Hermione could react, but the Thestral had been hyper aware of the attack. Hermione would've been flung off of the beast if she wasn't holding on to the Auror with both hands. Their steed had flattened its wings to the side. Hermione, Kingsley and the Thestral fell at the speed of gravity for a second. The curses of red light flew above narrowly missing them. The pursuing Death Eater also breezed passed overhead on his broomstick. The Thestral opened its massive wings and pounded the air as it followed. It had taken the approach of the offensive now. "Good boy," Kingsley said gripping onto the hide of the beast's neck. With every dip and dart that the broom in front of them took, the Thestral was more than ready to meet each maneuver. Hermione felt Kingsley lift his right hand from his grip on the Thestral. Her grip was still around his waist, but now her head was resting against his rib cage. She could just see a hint of the direction they were flying through a replica of Harry's glasses. Hermione watched in awe as Kingsley used his talents of a Dark Wizard catcher. Silently, he waved his wand in spurts of threes or fours. Different colors of light shot out into the night. At first there were blue lights that streaked through the night and attempted to hone in on the tail of the broom. The Death Eater that was being chased had to twist around and individually blast each of the spells to keep them from trailing him. After those were fended off, Kingsley sent out a light that was so bright it hovered on white, but it definitely had a yellowish tint to it. The spell shot out of Kingsley's wand and it expanded to roughly the size of Hermione's waist. The spell followed the Death Eater faster and faster. It zigged and zagged avoiding each of the Death Eater's attempts to disrupt the spell's mission. Finally, when the spell was an arm's length away, the Death Eater exploded the spell, but that was all part of the plan. At first, Hermione couldn't bear to open her eyes as she flew, but now that she was in the middle of the dogfighting, she couldn't stop being a spectator. The spell that Kingsley cast, exploded into a dozen smaller versions of light. They encircled the Death Eater and ensnared him in what Hermione would explain as an electric net. The Death Eater threw his head back as the coils of the net wrapped him up and shocked him. He screamed. He lost control of his muscles. The broom fell from his hands. The spell left him suspended in the air for a moment while his broom shot off into the darkness. Hermione and Kingsley flew by the man as his hood fell off. "Travers!" Kingsley shouted. The Thestral that the two were riding did not slow down or turn back around. It had a plan to keep moving forward. Kingsley twisted in his seat and tried to land one final curse that would finish the Death Eater off. As he flicked his wand forward, a shield charm populated between Kingsley's position and the Death Eater named Travers. Dark reinforcements had arrived. One Death Eater dove down and was able to catch Travers' limp body before he fell past the cloud cover, but now Kingsley and Hermione were under pressure from two more hooded figures. Kingsley growled. He was more than an accomplished duelist. He was a decorated member of the Auror office, but flying, distracting, dueling, and protecting Hermione would prove a difficult task even for him. The two assailants were converging on both sides on their racing brooms. "Come on. Faster," Kingsley urged the winged horse on. The Thestral lowered its head and beat the air even harder. They moved out ahead of the Death Eaters, but it only lasted a moment. "If it's a fight you want," Kingsley whirled his wand around his head. A ring of fire encircled the Thestral. With one more whip of his wand, the ring exploded around them, "Come and get it." The Death Eaters had to either elevate or drop below the flames that Kingsley had just burst from around them, but both dodged the attack. Kingsley targeted the Death Eater below them. He sent spark after spark toward the attacker. The Thestral was flying at the exact same pace as the Death Eater on their right that Kingsley was dueling with. Hermione could clearly see everything since that was the side of Kingsley's back that she was plastered to. She was still in shock. Do something, she urged herself, but she couldn't move. Her only movement brought her to grip onto Kingsley harder. The most unexpected motion happened and Hermione couldn't believe she came out of the move still on the Thestral. The beast had completed a barrel roll. As the second Death Eater, that Hermione had almost forgotten about, lowered his level toward Kingsley and Hermione, he fired a silent spell. Neither Hermione nor Kingsley saw it coming, but the Thestral was ready to match it. The beast tucked its wings back against its skin and rolled through the air. The three of them, Kingsley, Hermione and their Thestral dropped in altitude, avoided the curse and then ended right side up. "Oh shit," Kingsley had also been taken by surprise apparently. Hermione looked on where the curse was firing through the night harmlessly. It was a flash of green light. A light that she had only seen twice in her lifetime. Once in the Defense Against the Dark Arts classroom, and once in the room with the black veil in the Ministry. The Avada Kedavra. The Killing Curse. Shock was replaced with rage and a need to survive. Hermione lifted her torso off of Kingsley's back and she was caught by a pocket of wind against her chest, but she was not thrown from the Thestral like she had been terrified of a second earlier. But it was a silly thing to have been scared of. There were much more malevolent things in the sky than wind resistance. Hermione reached under Kingsley's left arm and grabbed onto the front of his robes rather than using both her hands around his waist. She took out her wand and was finally ready to join the fight. Kingsley felt Hermione's hands relinquish his waist. His immediate reaction had been to reach backward for her. He had thought she was either stunned by a spell, passed out from nerves, or worse. He couldn't grab her behind him, so he reached up with his left hand and grabbed onto hers. The force that he