Disclaimer – I do not own the Twilight characters they go to Stephenie Meyers and the one shot is inspired by the song God's Will by Martina McBride You tube dot com/watch?v=YCRrrP0EhPc&ob=av2e and He Didn't Have to Be by Brad Paisley you tube dot com/watch?v=BjO1F6oCab8&feature=BFa&list=PL2989777A4BDBF488&lf=results_main GOD'S WILL I pulled one box after another from my truck, carrying them into the tattered one bedroom house that I returned to in the small town of La Push. I have no idea why I was here, when I left the day after I graduated high school I swore I would never be back. Yet, here I am. Once darkness filled the sky, I flicked on the porch light even though I knew the terrain well. There was a large oak tree with dry brown leaves scattered everywhere and the house looked almost haunted from years of neglect. It seems that someone had placed several pumpkins along the narrow walkway leading to the mail box at the curb. I wasn't sure why, all the pumpkins were rotten with green mold coming down the side. I could see the traditional jostling of the curtains across the street and knew that someone was watching me go back and forth from my truck to inside the house. Behind the curtain I could see a small little head with auburn brown hair. I decided to ignore it and carry on, I had spent the last ten years running and decided to come home and face my demons. I didn't even know what day it was until the door bell rang. With a sigh I got out of my leather recliner and walked to the front door. It had been a long day of unpacking and wondering what I was doing moving all this crap from one place to the next. I opened the front door and there stood the same kid that I noticed through the window directly across the street. He was in a large orange trash sack with leaves taped to the front and spilling out the arms and neck hole. I opened my mouth to say something and felt like my words were stuck in my throat as I saw the white braces over his oddly bent legs. "Trwick or Twreat?" The boy said, breaking me from my stare. "What?" I questioned. "I sory, mistor," he said slurring his words. I didn't know much about kids, but he seemed to be about 6 or 7 and I knew that his speech wasn't normal for his age. "Um, give me a second," I said and smiled before turning around back inside the house. There was a candy bar that I had purchased at a gas station earlier today that I didn't eat, so I thought I would give it to him. I had left the door open, but a gust of wind passed through and sucked the door back, slamming it closed. It was loud and the noise caused me to jump inside and I heard him yelp and then the sound of his braces falling on the hard cement. "Oh crap," I mumbled and instantly forgot about the candy and sprinted back to the door. There in a crumpled heap was the little boy and running up between the small hedges that was on either side of the porch was a woman that I could only assume was his mother based on the murderous glare she was giving me. "Are you alright?" I crouched in the now open door way and started to lift him. "Don't you dare touch him!" She hissed and I could tell that she wanted to yell, but didn't due not wanting to scare her son. "I'm sorry, it was an accident." I stammered. "You slammed the door in his face, that is hardly an accident." She continued to glare as she straightened his braced legs in order for him to be able to stand. "No, no, Mummma," he smiled at me. "He's nice." I smiled and took hold of his other shoulder and together we got him to his feet. I wanted to say something, but I felt like every time I opened my mouth her eyes would turn to challenging slits and so I decided to say nothing. "Come on, Will," she got the little boy on his feet. He hobbled carefully as he turned himself back around. "It twis nice to met you." He smiled at me and his face glowed like the sun. I nodded my head. "Same to you, Will, take care." His mother looked at me, shaking her head and directed her son to the next neighbor's house. I went back inside completely convinced that this place was cursed and nothing would ever go well for me. There in the middle of the floor sat the candy bar that I was trying to get. In frustration, I slammed the light off outside, then I ate the candy, and went to bed. (* * * * ) The next several weeks I focused on painting every room in the house and without meaning to I started to notice Will everyday that he got off the school bus. He would see me through the window and wave before going into his house and several hours later his mother arrived. I hated the idea that he was there by himself, but I didn't really feel like it was my place to say anything. I moved to the outside and the red paint was badly pealed and faded from years and years of neglect. "Hello, Mistor," I heard Will say as I was painting. "Hello, you may call me Jake, if you would like." I told him. "Jawke," he smiled. "How was school?" I asked. "Fine," he looked down and limped a little closer to my house. I had a liter of Root Beer and box of chocolate chip cookies on the front porch that I saw his eyes dart to. "Help yourself," I nodded my head to them. He took a few more wobbly steps, then reached one hand down to the step, and gave an awkward plop on the step next to the cookies. He munched quietly and I continued to paint, and for the next week I left a box of cookies on my front porch and Will joined me each afternoon for a snack. Sometimes he would talk about school, I learned he was in the first grade and seemed to have one friend that he would talk about. One day I noticed him gobble two cookies really quickly. "Are you hungry, Will?" I didn't mind him eating a few cookies each day, but if he was actually hungry I knew it would be better to have some real food. "Yes, Jawke." "Let's go inside." I got down off my ladder and put my supplies away as I waited for him to straighten his own legs and prepared to stand up. He wobbled for just a second and corrected himself before moving to the door. "Thawnk you," he said. "Well, lets see what the food options are before you start thanking me. I haven't really taken the time to stock much of anything." I moved into the kitchen and he followed right behind me. It was an open floor plan so that the kitchen looked into the living room. "No, not fwor the fwood," he said, shaking his head. "Then what for?" I asked, getting the bread out of the pantry. "For not trweating me like a baby." I smiled. "Well, you're not a baby. And I know nothing about babies, so I wouldn't know how to treat you if you were." "Mummas always so careful." "I'm sure that she just worries about you." All I could find was peanut butter, no jelly, and some cheddar cheese. Given those options Will selected grilled cheese so I made the sandwiches quickly as he told me about his mother. She was a single mom that often had to work overtime to make ends meet. I cautiously asked if he had any other family and he just shrugged his shoulders. "Here you go, Will," I said, handing him his plate. He folded his hands over the plate in his lap and closed his eyes. "Dear God, pwleas blwess Mumma, Mrs. Brwown, Mr. C, my best friends Jwake and Pawl, and . . ." There was a long stream of names of people I didn't know, but he never once mentioned himself even though his mother and myself were both mentioned a couple times. I wasn't sure if I had ever been prayed for before and when he finished there was a long pause before he looked up at me. "Are you gonna, pwray?" He asked. "Uh, um, no." "Mawybe next, time." He lifted his now cold sandwich and began to eat. Talking to Will was always a lengthy process, he would take a long time to think about what he wanted to say and then it would take even longer for him to say it. Sometimes I couldn't understand a slurred word and I felt bad for asking him to repeat himself. "Mumma, calls me her maracle," he told me when there was a long pause. "Why?" I knew that I had my own personal issues with God, but I didn't know what He had to do with Will. Will shrugged. "I guess 'cause I was born earlies." I nodded my head not sure what else to say. "Do you believe that you are a miracle?" "Yes, God loves me." I couldn't help the small smile that graced my face. I had given up on God and felt certain that He had given up on me. However, I wasn't going to take away the peace that Will's faith gave him. For all I knew maybe Will really was God's. We settled into the living room and I found a random cartoon that Will seemed familiar with. He would laugh loudly and his hips would twitch randomly. I knew that I had my own problems, but somehow watching this boy who seemed to have every reason to be bitter, but wasn't, brought some perspective to my life. Maybe, just maybe, Will was the reason that I came back to the place that I dreaded the most. An hour later there was a frantic pounding on the door. I quickly walked to the door and opened it. The entryway opened directly into the living room and without a word to me Will's mother stormed into the house and dropped to her knees beside the couch that Will was sitting on. "Oh my gosh, Will! I came home and you were nowhere to be found. I have been searching over half the block looking for you." "Mumma..." Will interrupted. "Don't you ever do that to me again!" His mother continued, clutching him tightly to her chest. "Sorrwy," his head hung low. I instantly felt like defending him, until for the second time his mother glared at me. "Ms . . ." I suddenly didn't know what to call her. I never heard Will's last name, and calling her 'Mumma' probably wouldn't go over well right now. "Swan, Bella Swan." She answered, however her glare did not soften. "It's nice to meet you, I'm Jacob, Jacob Black. I apologize for making you nervous, Will and I lost track of time." It seemed that as she started to relax she noticed the plate with the crust left from his sandwich and a plastic cup with soda in it. "You fed him?" She said, surprised. Now that her eyes relaxed I could see that her eyes were a beautiful shade of chocolate brown and I realized that Will must have gotten his green eyes from his father. "Yes, I hope that isn't a problem. We normally have soda and a few cookies on the front porch, but he seemed very hungry today." "Will, honey . . ." Bella shook her head as she got