CHRISTMAS ONE SHOT Disclaimer All Twilight characters belong to Stephenie Meyers and there are direct quotes taken from her. Not sure if I need to make a disclaimer for myself, but parts are also taken from Jacob's Eclipse, chapter Fire and Ice. Author's Note: Current time is during the Tent Scene in Eclipse. The Memory takes place in NM, the Christmas that Bella would have been very depressed. Jacob is not a wolf yet, so he is still human. JACOB POV It was only a few more minutes of running with Bella tucked tightly to my chest as the snow began to fall all around us. I saw the tent just ahead on the side of the mountain. The wind shook hard, not allowing the snow to settle in any particular place. "Bella!" Edward called, he had been pacing back and forth and ran to our side. I hated being so close to him and set Bella down on her own feet. He quickly wrapped his arms around her in a tight hug. "Thank you," Edward looked over her head at me. "That was quicker than I expected, and I truly appreciate it." I just shrugged. This guy was so annoying, thanking me all the time. I knew that it was important to remain peaceful, but there was no way I was going to be that friendly. "Get her inside. This is going to be bad – my hair's standing on my scalp. Is that tent secure?" It was such a creepy feeling, I have felt the change in weather before, but never to this extent. "I all but welded it to the rock." "Good." I looked up at the black sky and the swirling snow. "I'm going to change," I said. "I want to know what's going on back home." I took the jacket off and hung it on a branch and then went into the trees to finish undressing. The storm was worse than I had ever seen and the tent rocked violently and I wasn't able to sleep at all. It didn't help that I could hear Bella's teeth rattling inside and I could tell that she must've been freezing. I didn't know what he had inside that tent, but it was irritating that they weren't more prepared. He tried to get her to leave and for him to try and move the tent further down the mountain. You should have thought of that before you set it up at the top of the freaking mountain. Edward growled so low there was no way Bella could hear. "What can I do?" Edward asked, I wasn't sure if he was talking to Bella or my constant complaints out here. I whined, wishing that there was something I could do. "G-g-g-get out of h-h-h-here," Bella ordered again. I rolled my eyes, I wasn't whining for me. I wasn't even cold, she was the one suffering. "He's just worried about you," Edward translated, granted an edited version of what I said, but I let it slide this time. "He's fine. His body is equipped to deal with this." There has to be something you can do? I complained. "What do you want me to do?" Edward growled, clearly done being polite. "Carry her through that? I don't see you making yourself useful. Why don't you go fetch a space heater or something?" Make myself useful, that I could do. I howled in delight as I shifted back into my human form. "That was hardly necessary," Edward muttered. "And that's the worst idea I've ever heard." "Better than anything you've come up with. Go fetch a space heater," I grumbled. "I'm not a St. Bernard." I took the frozen jacket off the branch, grabbed the zipper of the tent, and tried to fit my body through the smallest opening that I could. Edward wasn't far from me and Bella was completely on the other side of the tent her body convulsing with shivering. "I don't like this," Edward hissed as I closed the tent opening behind myself. "Just give her the coat and get out." I saw Bella looking around at us and her lips moved, I wasn't sure if she was trying to talk or they were just chattering that badly. "The parka is for tomorrow – she's too cold to warm it up by herself. It's frozen." I dropped it by the door. "You said she needed a space heater, and here I am." I stretched my arms wide, touching both sides of the small tent. "J-J-J-Jake, you'll f-f-f-freez-z-z-e," Bella complained pathetically. "Not me," I said cheerfully. "I run at a toasty one-oh-eight point nine these days. I'll have you sweating in no time." Edward snarled, but I ignored him and crouched down next to Bella and began to unzip her sleeping bag. Suddenly he grasped on to my shoulder, his ice cold skin burned my flesh and the instinct to attack was immediate and I tensed to control myself. "Get your hand off me," I growled, keeping my teeth clinched together. "Keep your hands off of her," Edward answered blackly. "D-d-d-don't f-f-f-fight," Bella pleaded and her body continued to shake violently. "I'm sure she'll thank you for this when her toes turn black and drop off," I snapped. Edward thought about it for a moment and then dropped his hand from my shoulder and moved back to the other side of the tent. "Watch yourself." I chuckled. "Scoot over, Bella," I said, zipping the sleeping bag open farther. She stared at me in shock, like she just now figured it out. How is it possible that she didn't know what Edward was protesting to? "N-n-n-n-n," Bella tried to protest. "Don't be stupid," I said, exasperated. "Don't you like having ten toes?" I gave Bella a quick wink and wondered if she was thinking of the same time that I was. (* * * * *) There was a soft blanket of snow on the ground, it had been snowing for the past three days straight and what started off as fun turned into cabin fever pretty quickly. With nothing better to do I helped Dad decorate a small Christmas tree. We didn't really have the space or the decorations for much more than the skinny 5ft tree. There were tiny multi-colored lights that we wrapped around the branches and added ornaments that were mostly hand made by my sisters and myself. Bella and Charlie should be on their way, assuming that they could get here through all the snow. It has not been an easy time for them. Bella has been extremely depressed since the Cullens left, my dad kept telling Charlie that she would get better soon, but it has been close to two months and Charlie was freaking out. She never went anywhere, other than school, so Charlie wanted to make sure that they both left the house for Christmas. Bella really didn't want to go anywhere, so a compromise was made for Christmas Eve, we would have desert, but no presents. So we purchased a sugar free apple pie and a regular pecan pie, and placed them in the oven to bake. I pulled them out of the oven, breathing deeply as the aroma filled the air. There was a knock on the door. "It's open." Dad yelled from the living room. "Jeez Billy, would it be too much to roll your lazy self to the door." Charlie grunted as he walked in the front door. There was a sharp blast of wind that came inside and I shivered for a moment. I was turning off the oven when I heard an "uffump" and the loud clattering of boots as Bella stumbled into the house. Her hair was pulled back in a messy ponytail, her eyes had dark circles under them that matched similar dark circles that Charlie had. Despite her troubled appearance, I was still really glad that she was here. "Bella!" I walked towards her, with a huge grin on my face that honestly even surprised me. "What, no hello for me?" Charlie mumbled, walking into the living room with Dad. I felt myself blush and thought about saying something, "Uh . . . Uh . . ." Bella gave a small smile at my awkwardness and I figured that my stammering was worth that. "Can I take your coat?" I asked, she was still standing in the doorway and seemed to be a little lost. "Yeah, thanks." She shrugged out of her coat and I was surprised at how skinny she was. The large flannel shirt seemed to be eating her whole, draping limply over her tiny shoulders. "Do you want any help?" Bella asked. "Um, you want to cut the apple and I will slice the pecan?" I suggested. "Sure." I handed her a knife and began rambling about school, the snow, and really anything that I could think of. Bella nodded her head and gave simple answers when asked a direct question. I began to understand why Charlie was so concerned. It wasn't that Bella was being evasive to my questions, it was more like she simply didn't have any answers. Dad and Bella both had apple while Charlie and I had pecan. We placed the pie on plates and we all ate in the living room. Bella and I settled comfortably on the couch and Charlie Brown's Christmas was on the TV. I glanced over at Bella often and I could tell that she really enjoyed the holiday classic. Bella would nibble, taking tiny little bites. It was really cute, while I was more hungry than I thought and I think I ate about half of a pie. Bella silently gathered our empty plates and I joined her at the sink, washing the dishes. I didn't really feel like we needed to say anything as I washed and she dried the dishes, setting them on the counter. Our fingers would brush against each other slightly and I could feel my cheeks blush. Good grief, I was going to have to get a grip on myself or I knew I would completely freak her out. "Thank you for your help." I said, pulling the plug from the sink to drain the water and grabbed a towel to dry off my hands. "No problem. I don't know where the plates go." Bella set the last dry plate in the stack. I stepped behind her and opened the cabinet above her head. She looked up at the cabinet and her hair brushed across my shoulder and I could feel my breathing increase. "Second shelf," I said trying to keep my voice even, but not sure it really worked. Bella reached with the plates, causing her shirt to lift in the back showing the top of her pink panties, and I felt like my mouth went completely dry. I tried to swallow without success several times. Bella turned back, completely oblivious to what had happened, but as she turned I realized that I was in her personal space. "Um, sorry," I took a step back. "It's alright." Bella shrugged. "Do you want something to drink?" I asked. My mouth was still dry and I knew I needed something. "We have. . ." I opened the refrigerator. "Eggnog or cider and hot chocolate packages in the pantry." "Cider please. Where is it?" I pointed to the pantry and I grabbed the teapot and filled it with hot water, placing it on the burner to heat. Bella was still looking through the pantry, it was on the top shelf and I knew she wouldn't be able to reach it without a chair. "Here," I reached over her and grabbed several packages from the shelf, looking through them until I found the cider. I started to hand it to her, as she reached out for it and I kept moving it so that she would miss each time. We both started giggling and Bella started to