Title : Sock Hop Pairing (for fanfiction): Jacob/Bella Rating : PG Genre : Friendship/Romance Prompt : Daydream Believer – 50's/60's songs in general Written for Tricky Raven's Valentine's Day contest. I might make this into a full story, but I haven't decided. Disclaimer : ( Fanfiction): All publicly recognizable characters, settings, etc. are the property of their respective owners. The original characters and plot are the property of the author. The author is in no way associated with the owners, creators, or producers of any media franchise. No copyright infringement is intended. SOCK HOP Bella very carefully painted each of her fingernails and toes red to match the dress that she would be wearing that night. In the next room, Jacob brushed out his long black hair and and straightened out the red tie securely in place with his white dress shirt and black pants. He felt incredibly nervous and felt silly for feeling that way. In one week it would be the annual Valentine's Day sock hop at the high school and Jacob had a very special date prepared for the evening in order to be ready for then. Jacob could remember his very first dance. (m~m~m~) Bella and Jacob had been working on the motorcycles in secret in his garage for weeks and Valentine's Day was fast approaching. "Come on, you should ask Bella to the dance. " Quil encouraged. "I don't know. " Jacob answered back nervously. "It's obvious that she likes you, almost every free moment she has is spent with you. " Embry added. "Ya think? " Jacob said with doubt, as he nodded his head thinking about it. Bella's smile spread across his face and both Quil and Embry laughed at him. Jacob glared at them and shoved Embry into Quil resulting in a scuffle between all three of them. Elbows were flung and tackles were made as they ended up in a friendly dog pile with it taking both Quil and Embry together to pin down Jacob. "Jeez, guys... " Jacob sighed and brushed off the dirt and dried needles from his clothes. "Who are you taking? " He asked them both. Embry blushed and gave getting every spec of nature from his pants his full attention in an attempt to avoid answering the question. Quil stood a little taller, broadening his shoulders and grinned. "I'm asking Aleria. " "Yeah right, " Jacob challenged. "She's a senior. " "Oh I know. " Quil raised his eyebrows and nodded. Embry shook his head agreeing with Jacob. "I don't know, dude. That's a tall order. " "It's a good thing we are all over six foot. " Quil grinned. Embry and Jacob both rolled their eyes. Jacob spent the next week with Bella trying to think of a subtle way to bring up the dance. He made sure that a radio played in the garage hoping that music would create the opportunity he needed. Just a small bob of her head, tap of her toe or better yet a move of her hips that would indicate that dancing was in her near future, but nothing happened. The closest that Jacob got to a response was her getting up and turning the radio off if the song was even the tiniest bit romantic. Valentine's Day arrived and neither Jacob or Embry were any closer to getting a date. Quil on the other hand surprised them both when Aleria agreed to go with him. Since getting accepted Quil began singing each and every Greece song, and some of those songs weren't meant to be sung by a male. Quil didn't care, he was on cloud nine and determined to "grow up, cause she needed a man " and that man he would be. Despite feeling totally awesome, Quil really didn't want to go to the dance without his two best friends going with him. He knew that Jacob was just a few parts away from being able to finish the Rabbit and thought a little bribery could be used in his favor. "Alright, you losers. Twenty bucks to whichever one of you gets a date. " "Really? " Embry challenged, his interest peaked. "Cause, I was asked out by Cherie today. " "What? " Jacob and Quil said at the same time. "I don't know... I thought it was kinda dorky that 'I' didn't actually ask anyone. " Embry blushed, tucking his shoulder length hair behind his ear. It was a nervous gesture that both Jacob and Quil knew well. "Actually, you are right. " Quil confirmed. "Completely different, but still, score! " He lifted his hand, giving his best friend a high five. Embry grinned, despite the blush on his cheeks, and returned the high five. "I guess the money is up to you Jake. Ask Bella and its yours. " Jacob really could use the money and thought that it would give him the additional motivation that he needed to find the courage to ask Bella. "I really want to ask, but I don't think she'll agree to it. " Jacob sighed. "Uhm... " Embry said thoughtfully, wanting to help Jake out any way that he could. "Maybe you need something to get the conversation started. " Jacob shook his head. "I already tried the radio and it was a complete fail. " "Hello! " Quil said loudly, knocking Jacob in the head for added affect. "CONVERSATION HEARTS! " He continued to yell. Jacob glared until he realized that it wasn't a completely idiotic idea. "Uhm... " He mumbled. Jacob grudgingly bought the box of hearts and sat on his front porch waiting for Bella to show up. 'Come on, Jake, you can to this.' He told himself, close to a million times before her loud truck came to a rumbling stop. She seemed completely out of it that day, having somehow gone the entire school day without even realizing it was Valentine's Day. 'I can't do this!' Jacob told himself in a panic. Jacob glanced over at Quil and Embry who were both hiding nearby and then both shook their heads telling him not to do it, and scampered off since there wasn't anything further interesting to watch. Jacob took a relaxed sigh, feeling better that he had his friends agreement that it genuinely was a very bad idea. It was after Bella had accepted the candy and also agreed to be his slave for life that Jacob had a sudden moment of courage. "Bella, I want you to come to the Valentine's Day dance with me at my school today. " "You what? " Bella responded in surprise. "I know it is kinda last minute, but both Quil and Embry have dates and I really want to go. Please, Bella. " "You've seen me try to walk, Jake. " "It's a sock hop. How much damage could you possibly do without shoes on? " Bella grimaced. "I don't know. " For once in Jacob's life he didn't fill the silence with constant chatter and instead watched her face. There were moments of shear panic and terror, which he tried not to chuckle at. In order to keep the laughter inside, Jacob imagined attending the dance with Bella. Her smile stretched across his face and Jacob heard Bella say something that sounded a lot like "alright ". "Did you just agree? " Jacob asked in disbelief. "Yes. " Jacob grabbed Bella in his signature hug, lifting her off the ground and spinning them both in a circle. "Can't breathe... Jake." Bella panted. Jacob laughed and took her inside. Together they went through some of his sisters clothes to find the poodle skirts that they had worn to the same dance when they were in high school. Skirt, check. Matching shirt, check. Hair tie to put her hair in a pony tail, check. And socks, check. Bella was officially out of excuses. Jacob slicked back his jet black hair, styled in the classic 50's style, adding a disgusting amount of gel to keep it in place. He rolled the bottom of his jeans and straightened his tight white t-shirt. Jacob didn't call Quil or Embry, deciding to surprise them when he showed up with Bella. Bella's knuckles were white as she gripped on tightly to the steering wheel, driving her and Jacob to the school's gym where the dance was being held. "Breathe, Bella. " Jacob reminded her, and secretly himself. "Right... " Bella choked out. Jacob chuckled and pried one hand from the steering wheel. "Come on, it'll be fun. " Jacob didn't realize at the time how infamous those last words would be. Much to Jacob's delight both Quil and Embry were ecstatic when they saw him which quickly turned horrific when Quil immediately dragged Bella onto the dance floor. "Hey! " Jacob objected. "Give him a chance, I'm sure he won't screw her up too badly. " Embry said, trying to be encouraging. "What happened to Aleria? " Jacob asked. "Quil came to pick her up and found her sick in bed. Apparently she forgot to call and since he was already dressed and ready he decided to come stag. " Embry answered. "What are the odds that out of all of us, Quil would be the one without a date? " Jacob asked surprised. "I know, and speaking of dates, I need to get back to mine. Laters. " Embry patted Jacob's shoulder and went to get punch for himself and Cherie. Jacob looked back at Quil and Bella on the dance floor. His heart beat wildly in his chest and his palms were sweating in nervousness. The lights strobbed around him as classic 50's and 60's songs played. Quil had Bella's hands in his and moved his shoulders and hips to The Twist. Bella's cheeks were extremely red, but there was a smile on her face and there didn't seem to be any casualties in her wake. Which meant that any further accidents would be all Jacob's fault. There was no denying the multiple times him and Bella had tripped over each other. Quil brought Bella back to Jacob, giving Bella a quick hug. "See, that wasn't so hard. " He winked at her and went on to the next waiting lady. Bella blushed again, which Jacob mimicked as he debated whether to take her hand. It wasn't the first time, but also knew that it would be different at a school dance. "So, how was it? " Jacob asked. "He managed to keep all ten toes but had to catch me twice. " Bella sighed, the blush still staining her cheeks. Jacob chuckled. "Well, that doesn't set the bar too high. " "Thanks, a lot. " Bella rolled her eyes, with a smile They watched the others dance for several songs. They drank punch and more punch and more punch. Bella visited the ladies room, again, and again, until they had both run out of excuses to not actually dance with each other. "Come on, Jake. This is getting ridiculous. " Quil rolled his eyes. "I know. I swear when Bella gets back, I'll dance with her. " Jacob promised. "Sure, sure. " Quil mocked, which rewarded him with a shove from Jacob. "What's going on? " Bella asked, concerned that they might actually be fighting with each other. "Nothing. " Jacob insisted. "Bella, lets dance. " He stated, rather than asked, and grasped her hand with his own. Before Bella knew what was happening they were on the dance floor. Jacob immediately thought he probably should have paid attention to the song that was actually playing, but now it was too late. Daydream Believer, wasn't The Twist, and Jacob wasn't exactly sure how to dance to the slower song. Thankfully it had a strong beat which was easy to follow, but that didn't help Jacob to know what to do with the rest of his body. Jacob's heart hammered wildly as he glanced at the other couples that