Author's note: All character's belong to Stephenie Meyers. Please review, it really makes me happy. :) Eclipse written from Jacob's pov. Obviously a sequel to Jacob's NM. This will be Eclipse as SM wrote it, I will not be changing the ending. For an alternate ending to Eclipse, check out my story Bella's Sun, coming soon. (This story starts off the same as Bella's Sun, that story will detour in chapter 3) Chapter 1 - WAR Again! Sam yelled, as I picked myself up from the ground shaking dirt and gravel from my fur. Paul crouched down and we circled and evaded one another, each of us reading the mind of the other. Our pack mates watched closely and their own thoughts mixed in as well intensifying the challenge. We all have been practicing for days trying to sharpen our reflexes, and allowing our wolf to react rather than think and decide. When successful our wolf would move almost completely without thought and catch the other one by surprise, it was fantastic. Sam was careful not to let any of us get too seriously injured, but lets just say it is a good thing we heal fast. When I returned from Bella's with the knowledge that she wanted the Cullens to make her one of them it became clear that the treaty was going to be broken. We had no idea how much time we would have, but we wanted to be ready. Our greatest obstacles were Edward's ability to read our minds and Alice's ability to know the future. Her knowing what we were going to do the moment we decided was scary and our only option was to be faster than ever before. There would be no time to hesitate or second guess, no time to think. Jasper's ability to control our emotions was equally scary, and I sure hoped that Sam had some idea of how to counteract that because I could think of nothing. We knew that the Cullen coven would be a united front and we would have to be ready. Fight training turned out to be a perfect way to vent our pent up anxiety and frustration. None of us took the treaty being broken lightly, and would not hesitate to declare war. However for me it was so much more than a treaty that was being violated, it was Bella who was putting herself on the alter as a human sacrifice. How could she not value her life more than that? Does she not see how important she is? Suddenly I felt Paul's hard head directly into to my chest and I was on my back and his teeth instantly went around my throat making it where I couldn't breathe. Paul stand down . Sam ordered, and Paul's hold immediately released and oxygen refilled my lungs. Great job Paul, Sam acknowledged. Jacob distractions like that are going to get you killed. Once again I picked myself off the ground and was angry and embarrassed. I hated that Bella still had that affect on me. I couldn't help but think about her, she called all the time and just wouldn't take the hint that we were over. There was never a we to begin without, outside of being her "best friend" and I knew that the love I had for her could not be stuffed back inside the ''friendship box", we had gotten too close for that. That ship had sailed, and along with it my hopes and dreams of a life with Bella. Pulling myself together I sat to the side and watched the next set sparring with one another, sometimes it was one on one and other times we had two on one. Some days were spent more on the mental training of combat and others were more physical endurance. Fighting against a large coven was mostly likely not going to be over very quickly and we so we ran for hours and hours. Most of the time we could make a game similar to tag, where one or two wolves would be "it" and would try and hit the others to work on dodging and running. After a couple more hours Sam declared training over and we all went home hungry and tired. Quil had joined the pack about one week after the Cullens returned. He was so freaking excited to be in on the secret, and have his friends back, he didn't care about anything else. He stayed a wolf for just over a week, not in any hurry to get back to his human life and his girlfriend got frustrated not knowing where he was and broke up with him. They had only been dating about a month, so Quil took the break up well and really so did she. I must admit it is fantastic to have Quil with us and to not have to keep it from him anymore. The pack feels complete and there is a sense of unity among us all, a brotherhood. Well maybe not all, Leah is still as difficult as ever and never fails to remind us of how she feels like an 'outsider' among 'outsiders'. We have all learned to pretty much take her moaning and complaining as just part of her charming personality. In no time I made it home, landing on two feet, slipped on my shorts and walked inside. It was dark inside with only a handwritten note indicating that dad had gone fishing with Charlie. I cringed at the idea of what those two gossips would plan and scheme while having the whole day together. As much as I loved my dad, he really needed to get a life so he could stay out of mine. I suppose I could try and just pretend like I wasn't dying a little more each day that I ignored Bella, and then he wouldn't worry so much, but I wasn't really good about hiding my feelings. I always seemed to lay things out straight, just how it was. You couldn't sugar coat crap, and that is just how things are right now. I walked over to the freezer and smiled when I saw three boxes of pizza staring back at me. I got them all out and turned on the oven while I sat them on the counter. I opened one box took the plastic wrap and cardboard off and placed it in the oven. It would need to cook for 20 minutes so I decided to jump in the shower and get cleaned up. The water felt great relaxing my tired muscles and I washed my hair and realized I would need to cut it again soon. I probably should have weeks ago, but I just didn't have the energy to care. I got out of the shower, dried myself off, and walked to my room for some sweat pants. As I entered the kitchen I could smell the pizza and my mouth began to water. I removed the hot pizza from the oven and got the second pizza out of the box placing it in the oven to cook. I ate the first pizza while the 2nd cooked, and when it was ready did the same with the third. Once I was finished eating I sat down in front of the TV for some mindless relaxation. It didn't take long before I heard my dad rolling in the front door. "Hey Dad, there is some pizza on the counter if you are hungry." I said from the couch. "Okay, thanks." Billy replied as he rolled over to me and dropped a folded square piece of paper that said 'Jacob' across the front into my lap. "What is this?" I asked picking it up. He completely ignored me as he rolled back into the kitchen, I assumed for pizza. I opened the paper and my eyes about jumped out of their sockets as I read. Please Jacob, talk to me! I didn't read any further as the paper dropped from my hands and floated like a feather to the floor, as I bolted from the couch and stormed into the kitchen. "What the hell was that!" I yelled. "Jacob she's trying. Give her a chance to fix things." Billy took two slices of pizza and set them on his plate and rolled in front of the kitchen table. "What on earth for? Do you want me to just pretend that she isn't suicidal? Or has she given Edward up?" I asked sarcastically while pacing back and forth in our small kitchen. "No. She hasn't. But she cares about you, maybe you could get her to change her mind." "Like that'll ever happen." "Well maybe it would if you would stop sulking, put on your big boy pants and read that damn note. You might just learn something." I stopped dead in my tracks in the middle of the kitchen, "Did you read it?" I was so shocked I didn't know what more to say. "No, good grief Jacob. Neither Charlie nor I have read it. But the fact that she sent it in the first place is all I needed to know." I pulled my chair out and slumped into it, "I can't believe this." I said shaking my head. "Come on Jacob, she needs you and I know you need her too." "But that's the problem Dad, I need her far more than she needs me. I can't go back to being the friend she wants me to be, too much has happened." "Wouldn't her friendship be better than nothing at all?" "I don't know. What would be the point?" "And I think she needs you even more than you need her, she just doesn't realize it." "I know." I looked up and I could see the note shouting at me from the living room floor. "I can't deal with this right now, I'm going for a walk." I said as I stood from the table. "Okay. Hey there is a bucket of fish outside, would you mind bringing them in." "Sure, sure." I said as I got up and walked outside grabbed the bucket and brought inside next to the kitchen sink. "I'll be back before too late." As I stepped outside I could see the sun start to descend and I knew it would be slipping away into darkness soon. I walked over to the beach and listened to the waves come and lick my feet before receding back into the ocean. My mind was a mess, I didn't know what to do about Bella. Why was a friendship with me so important to her if she wasn't planning on giving up Edward and her desire to be one of them? I did the best I could to avoid thinking about that last part, how her skin would ice over, her beautiful heart would no longer beat, and her chocolate brown eyes would be lost forever. A silent tear slipped out of the corner of my eye and my heart ached at the possibility of Bella being my enemy. The instinct to attack and kill would spread through my body regardless of the face that stood before me. I felt helpless as I sat down in the rough sand, laying flat on my back as I watched the sun continue to slip away. I felt someone come and sit beside me, but I didn't bother to turn my head to see who it was, instead I just watched as the sky filled with blazing oranges and pinks until slowly the colors slipped away into black. I felt a hand, small and cold, settle itself into my own. For a second I didn't move, had Bella driven out here? I had never known Bella to be this silent, and I'm sure she would have had plenty to say if she were here. Also I knew Bella's scent by heart and this was very different. I could smell