Characters borrowed from S. Meyer Chapter 1 Bella – Aug. 2013 "Edward, hurry up, we're already so late," I whined as I plopped onto his bed. He was rifling through his dresser for the perfect pair of pants. "That's the point," he said, comparing two pairs side by side. I resisted the urge to groan and flopped back onto his mattress. "You realize this is just dinner, right? There's no need to put this much time into your outfit." He ignored my plea and shoved a beanie onto his head. "Could I pull this off?" "It'll do, let's go. Did you pick up the wine I asked you for?" I bounded off the bed toward the kitchen and listened for his steps behind me. The article in question was sitting neatly in a tall clear bag, ready for toting. "Good boy," I teased, patting him on the cheek good-naturedly before reaching for my keys. His hand flew to mine. "B, stop it. You know the rules," he chided as he grabbed the keys and held out my coat. I let him help me into my jacket and grumbled, "Just because I know the rules doesn't mean I have to like them." He chuckled and pulled me closer by the lapels of my coat. I closed my eyes at the touch of his lips against my forehead. Edward's personal fashion show had made us forty five minutes late to dinner, which was nothing new. "Look who decided to show up! It's literally a five minute drive and you're still the last ones here," Ben smirked when he saw us. Everyone cheered as we walked in and Edward took the sarcastic praise in stride, bowing to everyone. I opted for an eye roll as I pushed the bottle of wine over to Ben's fiancée. I met Ben Cheney and Angela Weber in high school back in Forks. Theirs was a high school sweetheart love story. They'd known from the first moment they met that they'd spend the rest of their lives together. Today, seven months to their wedding and in a newly purchased home, they're kind of the definition of 'having your shit together'. "This guy took forever to get dressed." "She wouldn't let me out of bed," he stage whispered, causing the entire room to erupt into whistles and catcalls. "Oh shut up." "Finally coming to your senses huh, Edward?" Edward's twin sister, Alice Cullen, questioned, standing to give us both hugs. "That's not true, nothing happened," I corrected, resulting in a round of boos from the group. Besides myself and Edward, Ben and Angela had invited Alice, Jasper Hale, Rosalie Hale, and Emmett McCarty. Jasper and Alice had started dating in their final year at university. When Alice came back to Washington, she brought Jasper with her, and he'd been a part of the family ever since. Everyone was happy for Alice. She had badly needed someone on her side at that point in her life, and Jasper was the perfect savior. He had helped bring her back to us, and that was something I would be forever grateful for. Rosalie was Jasper's younger sister, who had moved to Washington with him to get away from their parents. She was a couple years younger than the rest of us. She had transferred to the University of Washington where she met Emmett, Edwards best guy friend from high school and ever faithful partner in crime. "You're the worst Bells, just go out with the guy already!" Jasper shouted and everyone started to cheer again. "She's got much better prospects than me, trust me. Besides, I make it a point no to date brunettes who can kick my ass," Edward said as he moved quickly out of my swinging range. That didn't stop me. I attempted to hit him anyway. "Edward, you'd be lucky to go out with Bella," Rosalie spoke up in a clipped tone, and I noticed the hand that Jasper laid on her leg. Rosalie and Edward were never close. They'd made public knowledge of their distaste for each other, Rosalie citing Edward as a self-absorbed asshole, while he considered her a vapid sorority girl. "Gross, it would be like dating my sister. She's my dearest friend but I'd have to have a certain level of attraction to someone to date them. Sorry sis," Edward shot me a sarcastic smile. Even though my heart ripped, my stomach flipped. Because this asshole was kind of the love of my life, and I wasn't even on his radar. "You know you have an actual sister, right?" Alice remarked, unamused. "I know, but I try my best pretend you don't exist." "Maybe if you just dated Bella then you wouldn't have to worry about confusing yourself." "How do we always end up talking about this?" I groaned. Just like Edward and Rosalie's hate for each other, everyone knew about my feeling for him, but not one person in the room could deny that I was the exact opposite of the girls he dated. Where I exuded love that went beyond reason for the man, Edward exuded just as much charm and sex appeal to every woman that wasn't me. Not to say that he didn't love me too, but pursuing a romance with me had just never seemed to concern him. I'd rather have a platonic part of him than nothing at all. "Who's ready for dinner?" Angela asked as she stood to guide everyone to the table, diffusing the palpable tension that had taken hold of the room. Ben helped her table the food and we all began to serve ourselves, after which the conversation flowed pretty easily. Topics like my pathetic crush on Edward were abandoned in favor of things like work and the weather, and Ben and Ang's looming nuptials. "Everything's great!" Angele smiled from ear to ear when asked how the planning was going. "We're making some really good plans. Ben just found the DJ we're going to use and we have the invitations-" "The important question is when is the food tasting?" Emmett cut in. "I need to be in on that." I rolled my eyes, "God Emmett, it's a tasting not a dinner invitation. You can't go." Emmett pouted, "I'm in the wedding party, I should be there." "Hold on," Edward dropped his fork, "he's one of your groomsmen? What the hell, I thought I was going to be in the wedding." Ben scoffed, "Fuck off, Edward. You don't really want that. You can't commit to anything." Edward clutched his chest in mock pain, "Right through the ticker." "You can go to the tasting, Emmett," Angela smiled politely, placing a hand on his arm. He smiled with a mouthful of food and she recoiled, disgusted. "Gross." Edward ignored Angela and Emmett and spoke up again, "It's fine, groomsmen have to do too much work anyway. I need to focus on my real mission…" "Celebrating our holy matrimony?" Angela asked sarcastically. "Bagging the hottest chick I can find." Edward flashed her a smile and the women at the table groaned. "Gross," Angela repeated while a round of high fives passed between the guys. Ben lowered his hand quickly at Angela's withering gaze. The lump that formed in my throat at his words seemed insurmountable. I took in a deep breath to steady myself. He can do whatever he pleases. He doesn't belong to you. It was true, but that never made it hurt any less. The chatter had picked up again before I could gain focus. "Restroom break. Back in a sec," I said before I dropped my napkin on my half empty plate and headed for the bathroom down the hall. I didn't miss the way Alice and Rosalie exchanged a pained look. I didn't want to pine after Edward like this. I hated that he unknowingly had so much power over my emotions. The simplest little mention how he didn't see me romantically was always a reminder of how I never stood a chance with him. The first time I remember even having feelings was at the beginning of our junior year of high school, when someone had brought to my attention how completely ignorant I was to the number of guys in my class that had a crush on me. I hadn't even realize that Edward was my world until other people had started to invade. oOo "Hey B, I have a question for you," Edward called. I looked up from my textbook to see him peeking at me over the enormous stack of books I'd curated from the shelves of the school library. "Step into my office," I offered, pushing my school supplies aside. He plopped down beside me and my stomach flipped as his body weight rested against mine. "Would you maybe, possibly want to go to the movies with me tonight?" I rolled my eyes to cover my embarrassment at having to have this conversation again. My parents had never really let me go out with boys alone, even if it was Edward. They'd kept pretty true to their long standing, no-datng-until-you're-sixteen rule. My birthday was in less than a month but my dad refused to make any exceptions, determined to squeeze out every last day of enforcement that he could. "I mean, I'd love to but you know how serious my parents are about the whole going out with guys alone thing," I scoffed. Edward knew that better than anyone. "Well we wouldn't be alone. It's actually a double date. Leah and Jake would be going as well," he explained. "A date?" "Yeah, a date. Movies, popcorn, maybe a slushy," he chuckled. "Fine," I said cooly. "Pick me up, and don't call it a double date, my parents would flip." "Yes ma'am, I'll be there at six. I figured everyone would want to catch an earlier show since it's a school night and everything." I smiled and bumped his shoulder, "Sounds great. I'll be ready." He bumped my shoulder back and left the library. I didn't see him again until that night. Our small talk while standing in line at the box office was normal, comfortable even. Edward said something stupid and I punched him in the chest, he placed his hands on my shoulders and massaged playfully as we argued about anything we could. At first I was nervous because I'd never been on a double date, or a date period, but I quickly realized that I shouldn't have been worried because I'd never an awkward moment with Edward. He was my best friend, and going on dates with your best friend was kind of awesome. "Edward?" a voice called from behind us. It was Jacob Black, a classmate of ours standing with a girl who I had never seen before but assumed to be Leah. "Perfect timing, guys," Edward said, leaving me to extend a handshake to Jake before hugging Leah tightly. We're trying to decide what we want to see. Bella says The Forgotten, I say Resident Evil ." "Resident Evil," Leah and Jake said in unison. "Three against one, B. Sorry," he smirked, and I couldn't help but roll my eyes at him. "Oh, by the way," Edward spoke up again, "Bella this is Leah. Leah, my best friend Bella." "So this is the famous Bella," Leah smiled, pulling me into a hug that was way too familiar of someone who I had just met. "Eddy has told me so much about you!" "He has?" I asked, pulling away and arching my eyebrow at him. Leah went back to his side and he immediately wrapped his arm around her. She reached up and grabbed his hand over her shoulder, entwining their fingers. My eyebrows shot up as the realization hit me. Edward wasn't asking me out on a date, he was asking me to come with him to be someone else's date. Jake's date. Edward beamed, "Of course. I want my girlfriend and my best friend