What the Redhead Wants Bella sits quietly on the bottom step of the stairs, safely out of the way of the pack as they gather around Emily's kitchen table, digging in to her breakfast spread with animalistic fervor, slowly picking at a small blueberry muffin. After Paul phased, and Jacob defended her, Sam went after the two of them, and everyone else made their way to Sam and Emily's place. None of the others hated her the way Paul seemed to, but they still saw her as the 'leech lover'. None of them knew the first thing about vampire society, and so they couldn't begin to understand what she'd been through or why she'd done what she had, so Bella could hardly fault them for the way they treated her. They didn't know any better… Suddenly Sam came through the front door, quickly making his way to Emily's side, kissing her passionately, much to the humorous displeasure of Jared and Embry. Paul and Jacob followed him through the door, and took the remaining seats at the table, seeming to fit perfectly into place. Both shot her apologetic glances, much to her confusion, but neither spoke to her. When Sam finally turned away from Emily, he shot her a quick glance before turning to his pack. "Jacob has information for us," he said simply, beginning the informal pack meeting, and turning everyone's attention to Jacob. "Right," Jacob muttered, setting down his forkful of food with a heavy sigh, "I know what the redhead wants," he began, ready to explain, but was cut off by an irritated outburst across the table. "Then why the hell didn't you say so earlier?!" Jared growled, clearly believing that Jacob had withheld vital information from the rest of the pack. "I only just found out this morning," Jacob defended himself. "And I literally tried to bite his head off when he tried to tell us," Paul added somewhat guiltily, again shooting Bella a look of apology. But Jared wasn't derailed in the slightest. "If you had important information to share," he continued to rail, "then why would you bring that bitch with you?!," he gestured vaguely in Bella's direction, where she still sat silently at the base of the stairs, "You had to know the leech-lover being there would piss some people off." Jacob stood from his chair, his fists clenched and his arms vibrating in his fury, "Don't talk about her like that!" "Jake, he has a point," Embry put in calmly, trying to de-escalate the situation before someone phased inside the house. "Embry!" Jacob was completely aghast, horrified that his best friend might agree with Jared's cruel words, but his surprise also slowed his tremors and eased his temper somewhat, "You know her. How could you…" Embry quickly clarified, "I just meant he was right that bringing her along was bound to cause some tension; that's all. No offense, Bella," he added, seeming to suddenly remember they were having this fight with her still in the room. "None taken," she whispered, staring intently at the muffin in her lap, not meeting anyone's eyes. No one acknowledged her words as Jacob continued to argue, "Did you expect me to leave her alone, while the entire pack was meeting, with the bloodsucker still out there?!" Now Jared was standing as well, looking equally livid, "Why the hell would it matter if you did?! The little corpse-whore would probably love to…" "Enough!" Sam roared, ending their argument. He turned to Jacob and said as calmly as he could manage, "Jacob, tell them what you told me. Now," his words laced with the power of an alpha order. "The redhead," he began through gritted teeth, still glaring at Jared, "is here to kill Bella." All the anger that had boiled up in Jared's features was gone in an instant. There were a million different ideas running through his mind as to what information Jacob might have for them, but never in a million years would he have considered this. None of them had. "What?" Jared asked, not truly believing what he had just heard. Bella Swan was the vampire girl, the leech-lover. She had allied herself with the Cullens for goodness sake. Why would the redhead want her dead? Jacob looked straight into his pack brother's eyes and repeated as calmly as he could manage, "The vampire we have been hunting for weeks, the redhead who we keep chasing away, but can never seem to catch, the leech who keeps coming back to our land over and over again… She is here to kill Bella. That's why she keeps coming back, why she seems to be more interested in getting by us to Forks than actually fighting us, or feeding on the Res. She is here for Bella." Throughout Jacob's short explanation, Bella never raised her eyes from the muffin in her hands, her face a perfect, blank, emotionless mask. Emily was staring at her wide-eyed, horrified that she was in this position, even if the pack had every reason to dislike the girl. The rest of the pack was too shocked to speak, with the obvious exceptions of Sam and Paul who had heard this already. Finally, Embry spoke up quietly, "Bella?" he spoke, trying to catch her eye. She met his confused gaze and as he looked into her now unguarded eyes for the first time in months, the young wolf saw a well of pain and fear there he never expected. She didn't say a word for a long moment and only when Emily asked the pained question, "Why?" did she let out a long breath and turn to the rest of the pack. "It's a bit of a long story," she told them honestly, her voice still subdued and quiet. "We've got nowhere to be Swan," Paul said, fighting a smirk. She was growing more and more confused by his behavior by the second. Didn't Paul hate her? Hadn't he just phased, not an hour ago, to try and kill her? Sam sighed and dragged another seat to the table. He sat down and pulled Emily into his lap before he said, "Everyone, get comfortable. Something tells me we may be here awhile," he then turned to Bella and said firmly, "We need to know everything. It's time you told us what's going on." She met his gaze before letting her eyes fall to the floor, "I don't even know where to start," she admitted. The last year had been entirely too much for her. Too much danger. Too many secrets. Too much pain and violence. How could she explain this to them? Sam looked thoughtful for a moment before answering her, "We need to know who the redhead is, and why she wants you dead. Start there." Bella thought that made a lot of sense, but that didn't mean talking about this was going to be easy for her. "Her name is Victoria," she told them, "I don't know her last name. I'm actually not even sure if she uses one anymore. She is a nomad so she doesn't exactly need one." The wolves were exchanging confused glances as she spoke, but it was Jacob who asked the question, "What do you mean by a 'nomad'?" Bella actually laughed at that, "Sorry. I forget sometimes how little you all must know about vampires," she began, shaking her head slightly at the thought of vampire hunters who knew nothing about how the majority of vampires lived, "Large covens like the Cullens are rare, and animal-drinking covens even more so. Most vampires don't interact with humans at all unless they're planning to feed from them or turn them. So things like last names, jobs, permanent residences… these things quickly become a foreign concept to most vampires. Victoria is like that. She would travel from city to city with her companions, feeding. A nomad is a vampire, usually alone or just traveling with one or two others, who has no home territory and never stops moving." Having only ever interacted with the Cullens, the pack was surprised by this new information, and more than one found themselves wondering what other tidbits Bella might have for them about their enemy… "So, Victoria," Jared began to ask, his face twisted with disgust at referring to the leech by her name, "She's alone then?" "No," Bella answered quickly, "Or at least she didn't use to be. She was a part of Laurent's coven." "Laurent?" Embry asked, sounding confused. Right, Bella thought, they don't know any of these people by names. She thought the wolves probably didn't even know all of the Cullen's names, which was truly sad all things considered. "You all saw him," she told them, her eyes distant as she remembered that disastrous encounter in the woods, "In the meadow. I never did get to thank you for that; you all saved my life." She paused before asking, "Do you know if he's returned since that day?" Embry barked a laugh, "The leech with the dreads?" he asked, and when Bella nodded he told her, "He's dead." "Dead?" she parroted, confused for a moment. Then realization hit her and she looked around at the wolves gathered in the small kitchen with a new sense of awe, "You, all of you, killed Laurent?" "Tore him apart and burned him to ash," Paul confirmed smirking. "We're protectors Bells," Jacob continued, "Killing vampires and keeping humans safe is sort of what we do around here." And Bella actually smiled, surprising all the wolves. They would have thought the leech-lover would have been upset that this Laurent guy was dead. Instead, she looked so relieved. "Thank God," the words fell from her lips as her eyes closed and a single tear ran down her cheek, "I thought he was… I've been waiting every night for him to…" Her voice trailed off, but it was very clear to everyone there she was not upset in the slightest over his death. It was Jacob that realized first what she meant, "You've been waiting for him to come back for you? To finish what he started in the meadow?" "You can say it Jake," she laughed dryly, "I've been waiting for him to return to kill me. I just prayed that when he came he would be satisfied with me and leave Charlie alive," she finished in a pained whisper, and the rest of the wolves seemed to finally understand the depth of her fear. "He is gone now," Sam assured her, his voice thick with emotion, surprised to find himself feeling incredible sympathy for the girl before him, "You and your father are safe." "Ha!" Bella rolled her eyes, quickly drying her tears as she reminded them all why she was there in the first place, "Hardly. Laurent may be dead, but Victoria is still hunting me." Emily spoke up for the first time since she began her explanation, "Why is she after you? I still don't understand." "She needs to make someone pay for the death of her mate, and she believes I am at least partially to blame because he was trying to kill me when he died, so I make the perfect target for her grief and rage," Bella explained, sounding incredibly tired. Paul looked horrified, "But we killed Laurent? Why wouldn't she just come after us?" "Laurent was not her mate, Paul," she patiently explained, leaning back against the stairs, her eyes falling shut in her exhaustion as she came to another realization, "Though I have no doubt that his mate, Irina, and her coven will want to tear you all apart when they find out you killed him… Victoria's mate was a tracker named James. The Cullens killed him last year." Sam and Jared exchanged at a look when she winced at the name Cullen, as if it were physically painful for her to think of them. Perhaps there was more to her story than they had been