This is a sequel to 'A Kiss for the Netherfairies'. You might be able to read this story without having read it first, but if you do, some things will probably not make sense. In a nutshell, this is what happened previously: Hermione has to fulfil a vow she made during the Trio's search for Horcruxes, which leads to a very lengthy talk between her and the Potions Master. During that – in parts very emotional – discussion about previous events and motivations that led to them, important secrets are revealed with regard to Severus' role in the war and his relationship to Harry and Hermione. Hermione confesses her longstanding attraction to him, and in the course of the evening, they discover that there might be more to their relationship than they both had thought possible. Though the sequel is less of a chamber play and has a little bit more 'action', you will once again find Hermione and Severus in lengthy discussions... about how Hermione managed to obliviate her parents and what became of them, the fine and subtle art of Occlumency and Legilimency, what's really behind the pureblood ideology and what the Hogwarts librarian has to do with it. Furthermore, those discussions reveal how Draco feels about Harry and Hermione now, how Harry's relationship with Snape develops and the concern Luna has for many Hogwarts inhabitants, who are suffering a severe outbreak of Gloomilows. You will also learn about Bluedrags, Whotnits, and Weapknats and the truth behind Lemon Sherbets. This is intended to be an emotional character study and slowly developing love story. The Incident in the Hallway Friday evenings at Hogwarts were usually quiet, at least for the staff. Most teachers avoided giving out detentions on the last day of the week – not primarily for the sake of the students, but rather for their own. With the weekend coming, one could put off some of the classwork in favour of a relaxing evening with colleagues at the Hogshead for a glass of firewhisky and a game of Gobstones or to share the latest gossip. The Potions Professor was not known for either activity, but he always looked forward to a quiet, solitary Friday-evening dinner in his rooms instead of sitting at the staff table in the Great Hall. He had just finished his habitual evening shower and was in the middle of re-dressing, when the schoolnurse's sheepdog Patronus burst into his quarters. "Severus – I need you in the hospital wing immediately," Poppy's clipped voice informed him. "There has been an unfortunate Gryffindor-Slytherin run-in, and one of your house has been injured. Minerva is attending a board meeting and not available. Someone needs to sort out what has brought about this attack." As soon as the dog had delivered the message, it dissipated, and Severus quickly slipped into his vest and frock coat and spelled the buttons closed. Though he had firmly refused to be reinstated as headmaster after his long convalescence, he had grudgingly agreed to accept the deputy position. Minerva simply wouldn't stop pestering him, ultimately to the point of begging him on her knees. None of the other teachers had volunteered, and frankly, none of them were intimidating and formidable enough to keep the ministry bureaucrats in line and their noses out of Hogwarts' business. The board meeting tonight was just about the usual, mostly technical stuff – nothing Minerva couldn't handle, or he would have gone in her stead. He was high on adrenaline when he rushed to the hospital wing instead, his robes billowing behind him. Poppy's message about a Slytherin-Gryffindor confrontation had conjured up unwelcome memories of a similar incident two years ago, when his one godson had been cursed by the other to the point of near-death with a nasty spell of Severus' own creation. He half expected to find Draco lying in a pool of blood, and his dark-haired attacker staring down at him with a blank expression. He even felt his emotions resurface, the dread and fear he had felt at the possibility of Draco dying, and the cold fury at Harry Potter, who had shamelessly and remorselessly lied to his face. Instead, he was very surprised to find a knocked-out first-year Slytherin and a very distraught Hermione Granger, and his heart gave an extra beat. "The boy got hit by a stunner and was thrown against a wall in the library corridor," the nurse explained briefly, while tending to the child. She threw another diagnostic spell and frowned. "I think he might have a concussion, but I'll have to awaken him to know for sure. Please see to Miss Granger while I take care of young Mr. McGregor, Severus." He quickly scanned the girl who was huddled on the edge of one of the hospital beds. "Is she injured, too?" he asked, grateful for his ability to hide his feelings and remain outwardly calm, no matter how his heart raced. She didn't seem hurt, at least not in a way he could assess at first glance. Had she been there when the boy was attacked and tried to help? "No," Poppy replied. "Apparently, she's the one who threw the stunner." Disbelievingly, his eyes flew back from the nurse to the Gryffindor, who had been on his mind more often than not in the last couple of weeks. No matter how hard he had tried to shake memories of a certain encounter with her from his head, he had been utterly unsuccessful. Images of her standing in front of him, fiercely arguing her point, crying tears over his near demise, and smiling at him with affection in her eyes – they were all burned into his retina. There were other memories that were even more persistent and stole into his dreams at night... that of a soft and yielding body in his arms and sweet lips pressed to his... but at least in his waking moments, he managed to keep those firmly locked behind his Occlumency walls. Right now, she was a picture of misery and guilt, her head buried in the arms she had slung around her drawn knees. "You threw a stunner at a fellow student?" he asked, feeling a mixture of confusion and shock. "Why, in Merlin's name?" She didn't even look up, and he wasn't sure if she hadn't heard him or if she couldn't bear to look him in the eyes. "Miss Granger!" he snapped, his voice a little sharper than he had intended. His authoritative tone got through to her. Her head rose, and he could see that she was pale as death. There was moisture pooling in her eyes, threatening to overflow any moment. "I'm sorry!" she cried, her legs slipping out from her hold. She threw her arms around her upper body instead and started to slightly rock back and forth. "I didn't mean to! He scared me, and I drew my wand... I only meant to defend myself!" "From a first year?" He didn't get it. "What did he do that warranted sending him headfirst into a wall?" "Nothing – he did nothing!" She broke into tears. "He came jumping at me from behind a tapestry all of a sudden. He startled me. I thought it was..." "A Snatcher," he finished for her, as understanding dawned. She nodded, her small frame shaking. "I wasn't really thinking at all. It happened so fast. I just reacted." He looked at the sobbing girl and could have hit himself for not seeing it right away. She clearly was in shock. "Please stop crying," he said more softly now, reaching out and putting his hand on her shoulder in a feeble attempt to calm her. For a moment, he felt the strange urge to just gather her in his arms – something he had never done with anyone in his life, not even with crying, home-sick Slytherin firsties. His usual method of comfort was to give out hankies and pretty much tell them the same thing he had just told her. And usually, it had about the same effect it had on Granger. None whatsoever. "I can't!" she wailed miserably. "I almost killed him!" "Nonsense," he reasoned, feeling totally out of his depth. "You just knocked him out. Your stunners are not forceful enough to cause serious harm." At least, that had been something he had always berated her for when he'd been her teacher in Defence. And while it was true that the power behind her combative spells was lacking when aimed at a grown person, it was probably a different case with a mere slip of a boy like McGregor. And she probably knew that, as his attempt at logic didn't comfort her either. "It's my fault he's in the hospital wing, all bruised and bloody." He pulled a blanket from one of the beds and wrapped it around her shoulder. It would have to do. "He isn't bloody," he said. At least that much was true. "And he'll be up again in no time. Poppy is taking care of him as we speak. Now calm down and talk to me. What exactly happened?" She pulled the blanket close around her, seeming grateful for the warmth and for having something to cling to. "I think it was supposed to be a joke," she said, wiping her face. "He came jumping out from behind a tapestry when I was walking to the library. I hexed him before I even saw what was coming at me." In that, she had certainly shown remarkable reflexes. "How did you manage to draw your wand so quickly?" he inquired. "I didn't. I already had it ready at hand." "You were only walking to the library," he repeated with a frown, suspicion forming in his guts. "Why were you holding your wand ready to attack?" "I didn't think about it..." she said, barely audible. "It's become a habit. I go nowhere without having my wand ready anymore. I even go to sleep with it." "I see." It wasn't surprising after what she'd been through. Most likely, it had saved all their lives a couple of times. However, the fact that she still was so on edge that she couldn't relax even in sleep and had her wand ready even while walking in the corridors of Hogwarts spoke of more deep trauma than he had realised. "Young McGregor seems to be a bit of a prankster. He probably didn't know how unwise it is to pull that kind of joke on someone who has fought in a war. I'll make sure that this matter is addressed. Your quick reaction was commendable, and while on the run, it probably saved lives, but now it's putting your fellow students at risk. You need to let down your guard." "Do you think I don't know that?" she asked, angrily wiping her eyes. "What do you suggest I do?" "For now, I suggest you take a calming potion and get some rest. It's probably best if you stay here for the night, too." "I'm fine." "No, you're clearly not fine, Miss Granger. I can see how you're shaking. I'll send Miss Weasley up here – she can fetch whatever you might need from your room, or you can ask a house elf to bring it. Poppy?" The matron, who had finished tending to his Slytherin, came over. "How is the boy?" "A mild concussion and some bumps and bruises. He'll be alright. It'd be best if you spoke to him, though. He's a bit rattled right now. He literally doesn't know what hit him." "I'll speak to him and also inform Minerva. You might want to give Miss Granger a Draught of Peace and keep her here for the night. She's a bit rattled, too." "Professor Snape?" Hermione caught his sleeve when he turned to leave. "Please tell Malcolm I'm really, really sorry." "I will. But don't worry about it now. Get some rest, Miss Granger." *'*'*'*'*'*'* Minerva, once informed about