For all readers who are following my other story 'What Lies Beneath' and are waiting for the promised sequel... I've not given up on it. I just got distracted and lost in the Potter Universe, and I admit, I like it here, so I might stay for a while! After all, Severus Snape is another dark but irresistible hero, and I think his character has depths that weren't fully allowed to surface in Mrs. Rowlings books. Anyway, this little story, which is more a chamber-play, is my analysis of Snape's and Hermione's character and relationship, and some of the things that happened in the the last book of the series. It's mostly canon, execpt for the rather significant fact that Snape survived, obviously. ;) Huge THANKS to Dreamthrower, who once again volunteered to be my beta, and made this story so much better! - How in the light of one night did we come so far? - 'Sun and Moon' lyrics, Miss Saigon Severus Snape, Hogwarts' old and new Potions professor, sat at his desk scowling. His red quill scratched across seemingly endless sheets of parchment, mercilessly dissecting the astonishingly mindless drivel that the dunderheads he still had the misfortune of teaching had produced as a poor excuse for an essay on the twelve uses of dragon blood. At least now that the Dark Lord was over and done with, finding and nursing any amount of intelligence in minds of his students was the only search for intelligence he still had to torment himself with. After his name had been cleared – thanks to the Boy-who-still-lived-to-be-a-thorn-in-his-side – Minerva, newly installed headmistress, had offered him his old job back. For lack of options, and, to be honest, because Hogwarts was the only home he ever knew, he had taken her up on it. Just until he had gotten his act back together and found some perspective, he had firmly told himself – and anyone else who dared to enquire. It was a little pathetic, really, but for the time being, he preferred not to dwell on it. Scowling, he scratched out an entire paragraph on the parchment before him, dissecting it with scalding remarks until it was lost beneath a sea of red ink. He was just about to formulate another sarcastic comment on the idiocy of the written word before him, when a knock on his door rudely interrupted his cursive rant. Surprised, he looked up. He didn't have a detention to oversee – he never gave them on a Friday evening. Any miscreants were sent to work with Filch on these evenings, if punishments had to be dished out. He was looking forward to a glass of Scotch and a new book on potion theory as soon as he was finished with his grading. "Enter!" he bellowed, prepared to give whoever dared intrude on him for most likely no valid reason a piece of his mind. His office door swung open to reveal a rather flustered looking Gryffindor, and not just any Gryffindor. The-boy-who-still-annoyed-him's best friend. Who more often than not annoyed him as well. But she was a more complex case altogether. "Miss Granger?" He barely managed to mask his irritation. She stepped inside and closed the door behind her, nervously pushing that insane hair of hers behind her ear in a wasted effort to give it some kind of order. "Good evening, Professor Snape," she greeted him politely. He didn't reply in kind. "Unless you have taken a couple of wrong turns and staircases to end up in the dungeons, I can't imagine an explanation for your being here on a Friday evening," he snarled. He had the vague hope that if he didn't invite her in and offer a chair, she might leave right away – or at least make her visit short. "You do have office hours right now, don't you?" she inquired, as if wondering if she had mistaken time and place. He sighed. Yes, he did officially have office hours on Friday evenings – which was the reason why he got away with leaving detentions with Filch in the first place. All teachers were required to offer counselling once a week. But, usually, no one sought him out in this role and imposed on him. Not even his Slytherins. He simply wasn't the kind of person a sane minded student turned to when in need of advice. And never ever in all this time at Hogwarts had a Gryffindor shown up in his office voluntarily. They were daring and foolish, but not this foolish. "Yes, Miss Granger, I actually do," he snapped. "But I'm reasonably sure that your own head of house is diligently fulfilling his office duty right now, and would be ecstatic to offer any counsel you might need." She ignored his polite attempt to throw her out and approached his desk. Despite not having been offered a seat, she sat down on the wooden chair in front of him, fidgeting uncomfortably. "Unfortunately Professor Lupin won't be able to assist me with the somewhat delicate and rather private matter I've come to talk to you about," she said, her eyes briefly crossing his gaze. "You're the only one who can help me out, I'm afraid." Her voice sounded a bit subdued, and there was a touch of colour in her face that – unless she had run here – could not be from warmth. Autumn had come early, and it was rather cool in the dungeons. Besides, she had been rather pale when she had entered. Too pale, actually, to look entirely healthy. If he was not mistaken – and he usually wasn't when it came to reading people – her blush was from embarrassment. He eyed her sharply as an alarming explanation came to his mind. "Miss Granger," he said dangerously, leaning forward and pinning her with his gaze. "Are you telling me that you managed to get yourself into the kind of trouble that requires a difficult to brew, not to mention quite illegal potion that our school nurse neither stocks nor gives out except for justified, medical indications?" Oh Merlin, she couldn't have been so careless and stupid! Not she, who was hailed as the brightest witch of her age by some of his colleagues. Unfortunately, he remembered, she had also been rumoured to have been intimately involved with Arthur Weasley's youngest offspring. Which, as a matter of fact, was quite a contradiction to the first assertion. He felt a twinge of nausea. The idea of her being pregnant with a child of the the-boy-who-always-caused-trouble's pathetic sidekick – another red-haired dunderhead, no doubt! – repulsed him more than it probably should. She gave him a surprised look. "What kind of trouble are you talking... oh – you think..." She broke off when understanding dawned. "Of course not, Sir!" she said, sounding slightly offended now. "If I were to engage in sexual activities, I'd be responsible enough to take precautions beforehand. I came here because I need to ask you something." He relaxed and leaned back, careful not to let his relief show, nor to dwell on the rather intimate bit of information she had volunteered. If she were to engage...? "Of course," he replied drily. "A question. Imagine my surprise! Well, ask away so you can let me be, Miss Granger." Her brief moment of righteous irritation had passed. "Actually, if I may, Sir, I'd have to explain something first..." she said rather timidly. "Otherwise, you will most likely throw me out of your office right away, and what I have to say to you is important for various reasons." A nervous and obviously troubled Hermione Granger – this was a novelty. Thinking back, he couldn't remember ever seeing her insecure or shy. She was usually bossy, highly irritating, obnoxiously righteous and downright insufferable. For that alone, he should point out to her that his time was valuable and that he'd rather not waste it by listening to a Gryffindor pouring her heart out. Or he should let her know that he wasn't in the least interested in whatever story she had to tell and couldn't care less about her problems. But the truth was that he didn't have anything better to do, that he was interested and that he did care. All of which he found extremely annoying. "Well, congratulations, Miss Granger," he said, exasperated. "You have successfully secured my undivided attention. What could it possibly be, then, that you need explain before daring to ask me this question of high importance?" She drew a deep breath. "I took a vow. A sacrificing vow, to be precise." He stared at her with a perplexed expression, unsure whether he should find it laughable or alarming. Sacrificing vows were a bit of both, in fact. She sighed. "It was rather a spur of the moment thing. The idea came about last New Year's Eve. As you know, it had been a rather difficult year for us..." That had do be the understatement of the century. The last year had been hell. While he had been trying – albeit with little success – to prevent the Carrows from turning Hogwarts into a gigantic torture chamber, the Golden Trio had been out in the wilderness chasing horcruxes and trying – equally unsuccessfully – to escape the Snatchers. He didn't know the extent of the hardship they had endured, but it was apparent that they had suffered. She still was too thin, and the dark circles beneath her eyes hinted at too many nights with too little sleep. But worse than the shadows under her eyes were the shadows within. Eyes that had seen too much. The horrors of the war, the losses and the grief had robbed too many children of their innocence. She was no exception. With a slight incline of his head, he acknowledged the fact, and she resumed her account more calmly than warranted considering the events she described. "We had been out there for what felt like ages, hungry, cold and pretty miserable most of the time. Harry had just barely escaped with his life after Nagini had attacked us in Godrick's Hollow, and the incident made the abstract idea that we might actually not survive the war suddenly seem very realistic. With the final confrontation with Voldemort on the horizon, we were, in all honesty, scared shitless. Someone – I think it was Harry – asked us if we, should we die in the war, had any regrets... if there were things we were sorry to not have had a chance to do. And I mentioned a magical rite that I had happened to have read about: something wizards would do to increase the chances of a favourable outcome of an intended endeavour in return for a pledge." "Happened to have read, Miss Granger?" he asked, raising his brow. He wondered if there was a single book in the Hogwarts' library that she had not devoured in the six years she'd been here. Given that sacrificing vows, despite their name, were not considered dark magic, the book in which she must have found it would not even have been in the restricted section. "And you couldn't resist playing around with potentially dangerous magic that you didn't fully comprehend?" "I think I understood the concept quite well, Sir. Basically, it's a wishing spell that works on the concept of tit-for-tat. Muggles actually have something similar." "If you mean these rashly spoken promises along the lines of "dear God, if only you let me live through this hangover, I swear I'll never to touch alcohol again", then you're thoroughly mistaken. For muggles, there is no magic involved binding them to their promise." "Muggles also use it in much more serious situations and for things that are really important to them," she objected. "And those who believe in a higher power consider these promises to be quite binding. People have built churches or gone on a pilgrimage to fulfil