Unknown Time "Come my child, I still have much to tell." The dimly lit sky casted a dark silhouette of a man, as he hobbled across the once busy streets of Athens, his shadow bounced across the demolished buildings. "When I was young, my favorite story was about a man who lived forever, but whose eyes were heavy with the weight of the horrors he had seen; he came from the stars. I wanted to be like him, I wanted to be the savior, but as I grew older, I saw what fate, I knew that I could never be the the hero; I've accomplished many things; I've bested the Greek god, Ares when I was merely a child, I slayed Hades' three tormentors, I slaughtered the Minotaur with my bare hands, I challenged the mighty Titan, Atlas himself, and won. I was granted immortality when I defeated the Titan King, Kronos; I had the chance to live with the gods and be on their council, yet I refused, I refused for her… I refused the gods' 'generous' offer in hopes of finding love; needless to say, I regretted my decision. My lover, the girl whom I thought loved me as much as I loved her, betrayed me; her hubris grew exponentially after that damned war, when his majesty offered her immortality, she had accepted it immediately. The bitch didn't hesitate at the prospect of immortality—now she's whoring herself to the king, whilst I'm stuck in this personal hell, rotting away for all of eternity. I survived the fall of Carthage, I've orchestrated the rise of the greatest empire to have ever existed; Rome, and just as easily, I tore it down. I've seen things, things they would never believe—I have lost things they'll never understand! I marked the passing of the gods—I have seen universes freeze, and creation burn; I've seen the birth of the universe, and I watched as time ran out—moment by moment—until nothing remained. No time. No space. I've walked in universes where the laws of physics were devised by the mind of a madman! But everything I've done, and saw was for naught, the Olympians still command the world you and I live in, and condemned me to a life of suffering; well no more. It's taken me this long to realize that the laws of time are mine, and they will obey me. That is why I'm sorry for what I'm about to do. But I promise your sacrifice wont be in vain; you'll be the catalyst that'll result in the collapse of Olympus." Unknown Time The moon hung beautifully above the peaceful night sky; illuminating the darkened heaven, as two figures in large gown like clothes can be seen traversing the snow-covered mountaintop, "Lamb, tell me a story," the first figure spoke aloud, the second figure sighed, but started nonetheless, "There was once a pale man with dark hair who was very lonely," "Why was it lonely?" the first voice interrupted, "Well… I was going to tell you, but you fucking interrupted me, Wolf, now shut up." Lamb snapped towards her partner, "Okay then… someone's on their period." Wolf attempted to joke about Lamb's outburst, but Lamb was starting to lose her patient with her partner, Wolf. "Wolf, you are so fucking lucky that we're partners or else I would've shoved my arrows so far up your ass..." Lamb growled, leaving the threat hang. Wolf, scared for his life, he knew that he had to diffuse Lamb's notorious explosive temper, or else he would've been in a world of pain. "I-I'm sorry." Wolf squeaked, he knew that Lamb could be quite scary when she wanted to, "I would still like to hear your story, Lamb." "Why?" "Well… I… well, we're out here alone, and I'm bored." Wolf lied, "Uh huh" Lamb snuck a glance at her partner, she had a sneaking suspicion that something was off with Wolf, but she ignored it; sighing in exasperation, Lamb continued, "All things must meet this man, so they shunned him—to escape the solitude, he took an axe, and split himself into two.", "So he would always have a friend?", "No Wolf, he just casually took an axe, and divided himself for no goddamn reason." Wolf chose to ignore Lamb, Wolf wisely chose to not reply, he didn't need Lamb to shoot him, "We're here." Wolf announced. "Great, the faster we take them out, the faster I can go home and take a nice, hot shower. Being stuck in the middle of nowhere, with you as my only companion is starting to get a bit… taxing… So… how're we gonna do this?" Lamb questioned, "Like we've always done it; I'll rip them to bits whilst you snipe the larger targets!" Wolf cheered, revealing his razor sharp teeth, and claws, enthusiastic at the prospect of relieving pent up stress, and going on a murderous killing spree. "Fine by me." Lamb shrugged as she began to skip towards the nearest tree whilst humming; when Lamb reached the trunk of the tree, she crouched as low as possible, and in one powerful leap, Lamb shot above the low hanging branches, when her acceleration slowed, she maneuvered her body, lining herself above a branch, before landing gracefully. Wolf could only chuckle at his partner's childish behavior, before breaking into a full-on sprint. Within seconds Wolf had scouted the perimeter, and had scaled the tree Lamb was perched on. "What are we dealing with?" Lamb questioned, "Four titans, two giants, and about six hundred-ish monsters. …I think the Chimera was there as well", "You think?" Lamb's rose an eyebrow, "The scent matches that of a Chimera, but I didn't see it." "Do you know what Titan and Giants are in the camp?" "Well, we have the leader, Kronos, along with his brothers, Krios, Hyperion, and Iapetus. Oh yeah, Porphyrion, and Polybotes are here as well." "Oh... did you set up your territory?" Lamb interrogated, "What do you take me for? An idiot?" "Yes." "I hate you." Wolf deadpanned, "Aww, we both know you're lying." Lamb teased, "You sure about that?" Lamb stuck her tongue out, Wolf rolled his eyes towards his partner's action. "Do you want to start? Or are you just gonna keep sticking your tongue out at me? I mean I don't mind, you kinda look cute." Lamb's face turned a bright scarlet, like a tomato. "I fucking hate you, Wolf!", "No you don't." Wolf countered. "Wha-whatever," Lamb stuttered, "Le-lets just get this thing done." "Fine. But once we get back to HQ, you owe me another story, not something short; something that has an arc, an anti-hero that somehow save the day. A story that has its audience on edge throughout-" "Okay! I get it!" Lamb interjected, "Lets complete this mission, and if, if you really do want to hear the story, I'll tell it to you." "Sweet!" Wolf howled in excitement. The massacre ended just as fast as it had occurred, Wolf sped through the army of monsters, slashing at everything that he considered to be in his way, whilst Lamb perched herself on top of the highest tree, sniping incoming monsters that got too close to Wolf. The pair had easily decimated the lower class monsters; Lamb and Wolf knew that the 'fun' had yet to begin, the fact that there were four Titans, along with two other Giants, it would be one hell of a fight. "What is with all the commotion; I told you stupid monsters to shut the-" A very confused Krios asked as he made his way through the desolate camp. "Wha-where-what happened here?" Krios questioned, his voice booming rang through the decimated battlefield. "Huh, that was fast… I thought that would've lasted longer." "If you're disappointed now, wait till tonight." Wolf replied cheekily; Lamb, having enough of Wolf's cheeky comments, shot an ethereal arrow, embedding it in Wolf's shoulder. "Ow, what the hell, Lamb? Seriously, why are you so fucking uptight?" "You wouldn't shut up, and I'm starting to get annoyed with your cheeky comments." Krios had been observing the pair's dynamic, and he could safely say that both were moronic, and equally insane. "How is it possible that two morons decimated an army raised by the mighty Kronos?" Krios questioned, he was on guard; his brothers, Kronos, Iapetus, and Prophyrion had appeared by Krios side, ready in battle gear, with their weapon of choice drawn. "It's quite easily, to be honest; it was easy… as…" Wolf blinked out of existence, and appearing next to Krios within a split second, "Pie…" the poor titan didn't have enough time to register Wolf' presence, in a split second, Wolf sent one hell of an axe kick, aimed at Krios's head—the end result was Krios being sent to the ground, as web-like cracks appeared. Unknown Time "Laaamb, you promised you'd tell me a story." Wolf whined, "Fine, I'll tell you the story, just get cleaned up first, you're getting blood everywhere." Lamb responded, "But-", "No buts, go get yourself cleaned." Wolf groaned, but complied to Lamb's request nonetheless. "Hey Lamb, have you seen my…" Wolf's train of thought was abruptly halted, he had just gotten out of the showers, and currently he was half naked, with only a towel to cover up his toned body; Lamb was busy changing herself, she had slipped out of her armor, leaving nothing to cover her exposed body; Wolf couldn't help but stare at Lamb's pale skin, her slim, but curvaceous body—her silky auburn hair gently flowed down her back. Lamb reached to unclasp her bra, but just before she did, she noticed her partner staring at her, frozen in place, "Wolf!" she angrily shouted to her partner, this broke Wolf's trance, "What the fuck, Wolf? Stop staring!" "I'm sorry! I was gonna ask if you've seen my clothes." "How would I know where your clothes are?" "I don't know! I just thought that you did. I'm sorry!" Wolf screamed back, it seems as if things couldn't get any worst for either of them, Wolf's towel slipped, revealing his entire body, "Wolf!" Lamb screeched, but despite her embarrassed state, she still found herself blushing. Not wanting to push his luck, Wolf hauled ass back into the bathroom. "Are you done yet?" Wolf yelled through the bathroom wall, "One second. Okay you can come out." "Finally! Now tell the story!" In a blink of an eye, Wolf appeared on Lamb's bed, with a bucket of popcorn, happily munching along; Lamb sighed at Wolf's antics, "Remind me why we're partners again." "Oh you love me, now story, no more stalling." "Okay, okay. It all started with a young demigod…" Unknown time Location: Yancy Academy: "Perseus Jackson!" A shrill voice echoed through the small classroom, "Wake up! If you fall asleep again in my class again, I will personally drag you to the dean's office, and have her remove you from this school. Do you understand?" "Ms. L.G, can you please shut up, I stayed up late because of your assignments, and just because your fiancé left you doesn't mean you can take it out on us." Responded a very annoyed twelve-year-old; this had caused a few reactions, the teacher's pet saw this as an attack, the teacher was a complete lost for words, the rest however, were laughing their tiny asses off; some tried to stifle their laughter however. "That's it, mister, I'm sending you to the principal's office!" "Fine by me, it's not like she'll do anything to me, anyways." Perseus responded, he knew that the principal had a soft spot for him. "Perseus Jackson, you will get up, and escort yourself to the principle's office this instance!" Ms. L.G had enough of her student's attitude; "Fine." The 'little troublemaker' had gotten u from his seat, and made his way down to the principal's office; approaching the receptionist, he flashed an 'innocent smile', hoping he could convey a sense of innocence, "What did you do this time, Percy?" the receptionist