[ So, the first chapter is from Paul's POV, but all of the rest will be from Shaylee's. Just to let you know. Enjoy! 8) ] Chapter One Paul's POV Emily had just pulled a casserole out of the oven when we heard it. A wolf howl. One of ours. That could only mean one thing. Vampire. Jacob, Jared, Seth, and I all traded glances. It'd been awhile since a bloodsucker had dared set foot on our territory – the Cullen's battle with their precious Volturi had seen to that. We hadn't had a vamp in almost a year. Even so, we hadn't slacked off on our patrols – Jacob, the Alpha, was adamant about that. I think Collin, Brady, and Sam were supposed to be on patrol now, so it must have been one of them that signaled. Almost at the same time, the four of us pushed our empty plates away and stood up, jogging out the door – empty bellies forgotten. "Keep it warm for us, Em." Seth called over his shoulder. Under other circumstances I would have pointed out how dirty that sounded, but I had other things on my mind. A pity two, because Sam wasn't even there to hit me for "talking rough" in front of his wife. "Be careful. Stay safe!" Emily called from her porch as we hit the tree line. She's such a worrier. I could already feel the adrenaline and excitement coursing through me. It's been too long since I had a good fight. Hopefully this would be worth our wile. There are sixteen pack members now, so there's not a whole lot that can pose a threat - or even a challenge to us. I don't know why Emily even bothers to worry for us. We'd hit the woods at a light jog with Seth in the lead. He stopped a few yards into the forest and started taking of his shorts, getting ready to phase. I was about to follow suit when I felt Jake stiffen next to me. "Hold up guys, wait." Jake said, signaling the same thing with his arm. "What? Dude, come on! There's a vamp out there we gotta go get it." I protested, practically jumping up and down with excitement. This is kind of a time sensitive situation. We can't just sit around waiting for our personal invitation to join the fight – we've gotta just go and take it. "Yeah, they could need…"Jared started, but Jake cut him off. "No for real." Jake said. His tone was so serious that we stopped and listened to him. "I hear something." I cocked my head and started listening as hard as I could, and I know my pack brothers were doing the same. You know…now that Jake mentioned it…I did hear something. Footsteps I think, moving casually along the forest floor. Our hearing isn't nearly as good as it is in wolf form, but I was pretty sure that howl had come from deeper into the woods. So, these footsteps couldn't be a vampires. Unless…unless there's more than one of them! The guys seemed to have come to the same conclusion as me – or at least were curious enough to check it out, because when Jacob started walking towards the footsteps we all followed. We pushed past the last of the underbrush to reveal a girl. Just a normal human girl of about our age, I think. I couldn't be too sure because she had a hood covering half her face and sunglasses on. Sunglasses? In the middle of the woods? When there's no sun? Maybe she's not human. Maybe she's hiding her red eyes. "She is kind of pale. Maybe she is a leech." I thought to myself. If only she wasn't so covered up. I couldn't get a good enough look at her to tell anything! I wouldn't have even know she was a girl if she didn't have her hair peeking out of her hood and if her jeans weren't so tight. Dudes aren't shaped like that . During a tense moment where she just looked at us and we just looked at her, I decided that she must be human. I could hear her heartbeat and…is that blood I smelt? Yep. Her knee was bleeding. Definitely human. She hadn't moved since we'd appeared – we'd probably scared her. "Um…hello?" She greeted first, though it came out as more of a question. "What are you doing here?" I asked. It came out kind of rude, but I was in a bit of a hurry. All I wanted to do was get to the fight, and this girl was holding us up. She's just one more thing to worry about – making sure the leech didn't catch her scent and come after her. "Ex-CUSE ME?" She said with lots of attitude. Oh great. Now I'd pissed her off. Now she's gonna make things even more difficult for us. "You can't be here. You're not supposed to be out here." I said, frustrated with her already. She didn't freakin understand. She's messing everything up. I JUST WANT TO GET TO THE FIGHT! And not have to work around some stupid hiker that insists on putting herself in danger. Just then I noticed what she was holding. A skateboard. Who brings a skateboard on a trip into the woods? I didn't have much time to think about this though, because she was talking again. "It's a free country dip wad! I can do what I want." She yelled. "You don't own the woods." Her free hand formed a fist down by her side. Not only is she holding us up, but she's insulting me now two? Ugh! What is wrong with this chick? We're just trying to keep her from getting KILLED! It's our JOB! I had to concentrate really hard to keep from shaking. Jacob, seeming to sense I was done with being civil, spoke up. He told the girl that she was on our turf. He had better control over his temper than I do, so he managed to make the words actually come out sounding somewhat polite. Had I just kept my big mouth shut, Jacob probably would have been able to placate her. But, me being me, I couldn't. I had to throw in my two cents. As soon as Jake had finished speaking, I said. "And WE say YOU can't be here. So…go on." I shooed her with my hands. That really ticked her off. She straightened her back and furrowed her eyebrows angrily. "No." She said bluntly. How childish. "No?" Jake asked, surprised. Since he'd taken over as Alpha from Sam, he wasn't used to people questioning his orders. "No." She repeated. I could tell she'd made up her mind to be as annoying as possible. Right then, another howl went out through the forest. Oh man, that couldn't be good if we were getting another summons. That probably means they really need the help. And here we were just wasting time. "Come on Girl! We don't have time for this! Just go!" I growled, clutching my hands into fists so she wouldn't notice how much they were shaking. "Make me." She challenged. What? Is this chick serious? I'm Paul Freakin Lahote! Not even my fellow pack members talk to me like that – much less some little human girl that couldn't dent me if she had a baseball bat. And my temper is quite impressive, if I do say so myself. The guys and I traded looks, making sure we were on the same page. They seemed just as shocked and at a loss for what to do as I was. "We can't just leave her. She's bleeding." Seth said with a shrug. Ugh. Why does that kid have to be so nice? But I knew he was right. Even though she wasn't Quileute and therefore not technically our responsibility, that didn't mean that we could just ignore the danger she was in. We operated on a see vampiric danger, protect from vampiric danger kinda system. "Aw crap." Jake groaned, rubbing his face all frustrated like. I guess he hadn't noticed her knee before. Typical Jake. He'd noticed she was nearby when none of the rest of us had, but hadn't noticed that she was bleeding. Which is exactly what all of the rest of us were worried about. What a weirdo. As an Alpha, this was probably worst case scenario for him. "He's making this way too complicated." I thought to myself. I just knew he was trying to find some way to talk her to safety. But I personally didn't care what she wanted. We're bigger, and stronger, and there are more of us than her. Thinking along these lines, I knew what to do. "Right." I said, steeling myself. I rolled my eyes at myself for not having done this earlier and saving us, like, five minutes of delay. I walked right up to the little spitfire and chunked her over my shoulder, wrapping my arms around her legs so she'd have a harder time getting away. Haha she did NOT like that. "HEY! What the hell man!" She shrieked. Man she's loud! They could probably here her all the way in Seattle. She'll lead that vamp straight to us! "Go." I said, turning back to the guys and jerking my head in the direction we'd heard the howls. "You guys go. They need you. I'll be there soon." They nodded and took off running, phasing as soon as they were out of sight and running even faster to assist Sam, Collin, and Brady. "Put. Me. DOWN!" She yelled, hitting my butt with her skateboard. Spankings? Really? What am I, 6? Now she's being violent as well as loud. THAT ought to make her easier to manage. Not. "You big jerk!" "Shut up! And keep your voice down." I hissed. I started walking with her still over my shoulder, in the opposite direction from where I'd heard the howls. I needed to get as much distance between that knee of hers and the vampire. "You're not the boss of me. You can't tell me what to do." She declared. Silly me, thinking she might actually want to listen to me and save her own life. "Seriously. Shut up!" I emphasized quietly. I'd though I heard something…I stopped moving and tried to focus really hard, but that damn girl just started talking again. "Put me down and I'll think about it." She haggled. What? Oh yeah. We'd been having a conversation before I'd heard it. I flopped her down on the forest floor, flat on her ass, and growled in frustration, hoping she'd shut up now so I could see if the vamp had caught her scent yet. She let out an "umph" when she hit the ground. "Whoops." I thought to myself. Maybe I could have been a bit more gentle. Too late now though. Who cares if she's a little bruised, as long as she's still alive? "Now shh!" I held my finger to my lips to reiterate, praying that she'd listen this time. She glared at me from her spot on the forest floor, but at least she was being quiet. Good thing two. Because I definitely WAS hearing something. Lightning fast footstep, flying across the forest floor. Headed straight for us. I felt my wolf senses kick into high gear, and the hairs on the back of my neck stood on end. Crap. The leech had probably honed in on the scent of her blood. Crap crap crap crap crap. Alright, this wasn't good. This definitely wasn't good. Don't get me wrong. I'm down for a fight. Looking forward to it in fact! But I'm not used to having to watch anyone's back but mine. The guys and Leah can all take care of themselves, but here I am saddled with a fragile human. I can't give a vampire my