A/N: Those who know me well know I NEVER write short stories. But it is a snowy day outside and the Catching Fire photos on the web have me drooling over Gale. Since my new avatar is Gale being taken to the whipping, this is where my brain took me. It will not be a long story. The bitter cold cut through Madge's clothing. Her District 1-made coat and boots did nothing to protect her from the driving snow and cold. It was so thick and so dark that she had no idea where she was going. Lights flickered in some of the houses, hidden behind rags or other items stuffed in the windows and cracks. Madge had never been alone walking in the Seam before, but tonight she didn't want to be anywhere else. After leaving Victor's Village, she raced along the lighted path until the lights were gone. The constant sound of the mines echoed ahead, so she knew she was in the Seam. Somewhere in this place was Gale's family. His mother was already with him, so his siblings were alone. The wind howled and tore at her but she plodded on. Her desire to comfort them drove her. How will I find them? After she lost feeling in her feet and hands, she finally stopped at a house and knocked. A young woman opened the door. "Do you know where the Hawthorne's live?" Madge asked through chattering teeth. "They are in section 39." The woman quickly slammed the door. "Thanks." Madge was used to the reaction. As soon as someone realized she was the Mayor's daughter, she was ignored. People seemed to feel she was a spy or something. How do I find Section 39 in the snow? She went back to trudging through the darkness toward the next light. Luckily the next light was a large building with many people inside. This must be The Hob. Her petite body was no match for the wind and try as she might, she couldn't get the door open. She had to wait until someone pushed the door open from inside before she could enter. Warmth engulfed her from the coal fire in the center. It was filled to the ceiling with all kinds of items that would be classified as junk in the capitol, but in the districts they were treasures. As she looked around, she was met with fearful and hostile looks. Taking a deep breath, she spoke as loudly as she ever had. "I'm trying to find the Hawthorne residence." At the mention of his name, everyone looked away. "I know he traded here all the time. I'm sure he was a friend to many of you." Anger coursed through her. "His family is alone in the storm. I am going to help them. Will someone please tell me how to get to his house!" She was screaming now, her voice echoing through the building. "You got something to trade, sweetie?" an older woman next to a black cauldron asked. "My coat is made of cashmere and my boots leather," Madge offered. "As long as you give me something to wear you can have them." The old woman narrowed her eyes. People started talking amongst themselves and moving around. It was as if Madge were this woman's problem, so now they could go back to what they were doing before. If only they had the backbone to stand up. Like Gale and Katniss. We'd be able to rebel like District 8. "I also need food," she added. "Don't we all," the lady cackled. "Sorry," Madge said quietly. "I'll take your fancy coat because I know just the person who wants it, but keep your boots. They're so tiny wouldn't fit anyone but a child." The woman reached under her counter and pulled out a thick blue blanket – or it looked like a blanket to Madge. She held it over the counter. Madge pulled off her coat and grabbed the cloth. It had a hole to put her head through and a hood sewn on the back. It smelled like coal and the building, but it felt warmer than her coat. "As for the food, that will really cost you." The woman leaned close, so Madge mimicked her movements. "Promise me you'll keep those kids warm and fed. The little one Posy has the measles." Madge gasped. She knew Gale's little sister was four and that the measles could be dangerous. The Mayor's daughter nodded as the woman gathered several containers and took the stew from her pot to fill them. "The Hawthorne's aren't far from here. I'll put this in a box so you can carry it." "Wait, I've got more." Madge remembered she had a necklace and pulled it off. "Will this get someone to go to the Everdeens, get medicine and bring it to us?" The woman's eyes widened and a smile lit up her face. "Mason!" she called to a tall middle-aged man, who walked over. "Think you could melt this down and get some Peacekeeper to buy it?" Mason's eyes widened when he saw the gold necklace. He wiped his hands before reaching for the necklace. The skinny fingers shook as he took the gold from the old woman. His grey eyes looked to Madge. "You're not so bad. I'd love to get my hands on this Sae." "Thanks," Madge replied with a forced smile. "Roger!" Sae shouted. A short, thin boy approached with a look of hostility aimed at Madge. "Roger, the Mayor's daughter would like to go to the Hawthorne's. She'll need help with these supplies." Sae set the box with the food down on her counter. The boy huffed, but took the box from the counter top. "Come on, Goldie," he growled. "I don't want to die in a snow bank for the likes of you." Madge was shocked when the old woman smacked Roger up side the head with a large ladle. "Don't be talking like that! Take her there and bring my box back. If I hear you said anymore nasty things, I'll cook you in the stew pot." "A winter like this might make even you appetizing," Mason added, the necklace clutched in his hand. Madge looked horrified, as did Roger until Sae and Mason laughed. A chuckle escaped from Madge, but Roger only glared. Her first encounter with folks in the Seam didn't go as badly as she thought it would. I've got food and will have medicine. Now to get the kids to let me help them. I imagine they're as stubborn as their brother. Madge hoped Roger wasn't leading her into a ditch. The Seam boy in front of her hadn't looked back once to make sure she was there. He just plowed through the snow that was now approaching her knees. Another inch and it would be over her boots. "If you want the house, it will cost you," Roger stopped in front of her and turned. "I already paid Mason and Sae," she said. "Well now you have to pay me," he said. It was dark so she couldn't see his face, but fear rose inside her. She was totally at his mercy. What could he want from her? "I need this food for my family." "No! It's not for me. It's for the Hawthorne's! Without their brother, they'll starve!" Madge was quickly losing her temper. Her small, frozen hands formed into fists. In front of her were six houses, so it wouldn't take long for her to find which one was the Hawthorne's. Unless he brought you to the wrong place. "Sae asked you…" "I don't care what that old crone wants. I only hang out there to get scraps of food." He turned with the box and headed back the way they came. "Stop!" Madge shouted. "Go to hell, little rich girl." Madge looked around for something to throw at him and only saw snow. Suddenly a memory from her early childhood when her mom and dad had time for her, before he became Mayor of the district came to her. A door to her right opened, sending out a weak stream of light. Just enough so she could scoop up some of the heavy wet snow, form a ball and throw it at Roger's head. "Ow!" he shouted. The icy ball hit him right on the ear. "Put that food down!" Madge grabbed another handful and threw it. "When Gale's better and I tell him you stole from his little brothers and sick sister, he'll pound you into the ground." "You don't know him!" "She's his girlfriend, you jackass!" a boy's voice yelled as another ice ball hit Roger from the house. Madge looked and saw a boy that was much taller than her standing next to the porch. The boy grabbed more snow and pelted Roger with it. Madge grabbed more and threw it. Another boy emerged from the house and added to assault on greedy Roger. He realized he wouldn't get out without having his head pummeled, so he put down the box and ran off into the storm. "Rory! Vick! Get that door closed," a girl shouted from the house. Gale's brothers! Finally some luck. She ran to the box and lifted it. Sae had to have filled the six containers to the top because she could barely lift it. "I'll help," Rory said and he took one side. "That's heavy." "Sure is," Madge said as they headed into the house. After getting the food inside, the snow shaken off her clothing and the boys, Madge took stock of their surroundings. The two-room house was immaculate. Everyone in the town assumed people in the Seam lived in as shabby conditions as their environment, but they were wrong. "She is not Gale's girlfriend," the dark-haired girl who was in the house sniped. "N-no," Madge said as she and Rory set the box on the large table. "I'm a friend." "Right," the girl replied. "Doesn't matter. She brought food for Pose," Rory barked. "Why don't you head home, Leevy?" "Right." "The storm is getting very bad. I don't think it's safe for anyone to be out there," Madge added. "Take care. I'm sure your mom will be home soon." The girl shot daggers at Madge and pulled a blanket around herself. "It's really bad out there…" "If I you could make it, so can I." Hatred filled each word. Madge stepped back. "She is here to help! Be nice to her," Rory shot back. "With charity that you know Gale would never take from the likes of her." Leevy glared at Madge before she left, slamming the door in her wake. "I'm sorry," Rory said. "She's one of my brother's many admirers." "Oh," Madge replied. "I'm Madge Undersee." "We all know who you are," Vick said, his eyes quickly looking to the floor. "Gale said you were okay." Rory was taking containers out of the box. "Wow, Greasy Sae loaded us up." "Gale talked about me to you?" Madge was shocked. Their strawberry conversations, as she called them, seemed strained at best. "He said you were a good friend of Katniss and not a snob like everyone thinks." Rory moved around their tiny kitchen, taking out bowls and utensils. Vick stayed in the background, always looking away when Madge looked at him. He was smaller than Rory, who was on his way to looking exactly like Gale. At twelve, he was already a half a head taller than Madge's five-foot frame. "What can I do to help?" Madge said, still shocked Gale would mention her to his family. "Have you had the measles?" Rory asked. "Yes. I did as a little girl." "Then you can bring Posy her dinner. Vick and I never had them so Ma said we need to stay away from her." Rory put some of the stew in a bowl. "Do you know when Gale and Ma will get back?" Madge