Chapter 1 – Starting Over 1 st August 1978 Surprisingly, Sirius was organised. He'd put a down payment on a flat before school ended and now, just a few weeks later, he and Remus were lugging their belongings through the door with the help of James - who was taking Sirius' broom up the stairs – and the Potters, who were floating a box full of kitchen equipment that Euphemia had insisted that they take. Their speedy move wasn't because Sirius was particularly eager to get away from the Potters, of course, but rather because he didn't want to put them out any more than he already had. Remus, on the other hand, was quietly relieved to leave behind his detached father, and although he worried about the amount of money Sirius had spent on the deposit, the opportunity to start a new chapter of his life had become equally thrilling and scary. "Where shall I put these boxes of clothes, Sirius?" Mr. Potter asked pleasantly, looking around the flat for the first time. It was a decent size - with a small kitchen leading off a sitting room that was furnished with a comfy looking, if slightly worn, sofa, armchair and a muggle television. "Which bedroom is yours?" He was standing in the corridor, looking at the amount of doors like something didn't quite add up. "Err," Sirius stammered, stepping in front of James' dad, "that's alright, just leave them there, I'll do it later." "Okie doke," Mr. Potter shrugged, lowering his wand and guiding the boxes into a neat pile. "Less work for me then!" Behind him, James chuckled quietly and leant the broom against the wall. "Don't know where we're going to play this close to the city anyway," he lamented, frowning. "We might have to apparate somewhere." "I'm sure you'll manage," Mrs. Potter said fondly, wrapping an arm around James' shoulder. "I can't believe you boys have grown up so fast!" She smiled at Sirius, before grabbing the corner of his jacket and pulling him towards her. "You can come home any time," she said, hugging him. "The house will be so quiet, especially once James moves in a few weeks." "Thank you," Sirius whispered against the top of her head, which now only just reached his chin. "For everything." "Right," she replied, pulling away from him. "You be good." Her gaze flickered to Remus and she smiled softly, going to hug him too. "And you take care of my boy," she smiled. "We all know someone needs to." James shot Sirius a look of embarrassment before pulling his mother away from Remus and saying, "Come on mum, let's leave them to it." "Okay." She nodded reluctantly and followed James towards the door. After another round of goodbyes with Mr. Potter, the front door shut behind James' family and Remus and Sirius were left alone in the flat. "Well," Remus said, "you'd think we were moving to the other side of the world." "Yeah," Sirius agreed. His eyes were a little glossy, but he smiled as he looked around their front room. "Maybe we really should start putting stuff away." "We could start with the bedroom," Remus suggested innocently, making Sirius smirk. "That sounds like a good idea," he said, but was immediately distracted by a distressed hooting coming from the cage by his feet. "Ah, it seems like Sir. Lancelot wants your attention more than me." Remus leant down and let his owl out of his cage. He hooted once more and shot Remus a reproachful look before taking flight and perching precariously on Sirius' shoulder. "Now he likes you more than me?" Remus complained. "You had to go in your cage for the journey Lancelot!" "I don't think he's listening to you," Sirius laughed as Sir Lancelot obliviously cleaned his feathers. "You've betrayed him." Remus sighed. "Maybe we should unpack the kitchen first then." "Oh is that how it's going to be?" Sirius grinned. He shooed away Sir. Lancelot, who moodily flew to the nearest window, which Remus opened for him with a flick of his wand. "We could just leave unpacking until tomorrow," he suggested, blocking the path to their boxes and wrapping his arms around Remus' waist. "We have all the time in the world for boring stuff like that." "I guess you're right," Remus said with a growing smile, "it can wait." 18th August 1978 Remus had been dreading this night in a way that he hadn't dreaded the full moon since he was fourteen years old. Ever since his friends had become animagi – the lengths they had gone to help him never failed to fill him with warmth – full moons had become bearable. With James and Peter shortly moving into flats just a few streets away from Sirius and Remus, they had promised to help them every month. "We'll always be there for you, Moony," James had said. Remus knew that everything James said came with a sense of burning honesty, but that didn't mean he had to believe him. At Hogwarts they were a unit, the Gryffindor boys, the marauders. But now they all had separate lives and Remus knew things were going to change. When he and Sirius had first looked at places to live a few months back, Remus had wanted to find somewhere with a secure basement or attic for him to transform without putting anyone else in danger, but Sirius had refused. "You can't do that to yourself," he'd said. "I saw how bad your injuries were when you were shut up in the shrieking shack – you tore yourself to pieces. You can't go back to that. We'll find somewhere isolated, somewhere safe. You don't deserve to be locked up, Remus." And true to his word, Sirius had found a huge forest in the middle of nowhere for Remus to transform. On the evening of the full moon, they apparated there and waited for James and Peter while gashes of red and orange spilled out of the sunset sky. "Are you sure it's okay for me to transform here?" Remus said, scanning the trees for any sign of movement. "It looks pretty empty but it's still a public area. I could hurt someone." "It's probably less dangerous than running round the forbidden forest," Sirius pointed out. Remus knew this was meant to make him feel better, but his stomach twisted into knots with guilt. It would have only taken one mistake, one terrible accident, for a student to get too close to the forbidden forest and get bitten. "And that's why we're here," Sirius added quickly. "To make sure no one gets hurt – including you. Me and James have always managed to keep you away from people." James, however, was still nowhere in sight – and neither was Peter. The sky was growing dark, the moon was beginning to rise, and Remus could feel his bones begin to stretch and his muscles start to tear against his will. "Do you think they got lost?" Sirius asked. "It's a pretty big forest. I thought my instructions were clear but maybe - " "I don't think they're coming," Remus said, and the moment the words left his lips there was a small pop and Lily appeared in front of them. "Lily," Remus exclaimed. "What are you doing here? I'm transforming any minute - it's not safe!" "I know, I know, I'm only going to be here for a second," she said. "I just wanted to tell you that Peter's too ill to come and James had to stay late at Auror training." "Oh," Remus said. "Well." He tried to think of the right words, but his brain was growing foggy. "Thanks for telling me." "I'm so sorry, Remus," she said. "James really wanted to be here but he didn't have a choice." "It's okay," Remus said, though it wasn't. "Now get out of here, please, there isn't much time." "I'll see you in the morning, okay?" Lily said, and after exchanging a worried glance with Sirius, she disapparated. "I guess this is how it's going to be from now on," Remus said. Night had fallen suddenly and Sirius was only visible through the thin slits of light filtering through the trees. "Remus…" Sirius took his hand, but Remus tugged it away as his nails extended into claws and his whole body began to shake. The last thing he saw before he lost himself was the mixture of worry and fear distorting Sirius' face. 7th September 1978 It took several trips for James to apparate with all of his things to Lily's house. He wasn't sure how he'd accumulated so much stuff over the years - though his mum giving him gifts of everything from saucepans to new shoes probably added a lot to the pile. On his final trip with the same battered suitcase he'd taken to Hogwarts every year, his parents had hugged him repeatedly and they'd all shed a few tears. He gave them one final grin before he span around and reappeared in Lily's living room. He went out to the front door to find that Lily and her mum were trying to cram a huge box of Lily's clothes into the car Lily's parents had given her as a moving out gift, but they were having some difficulty. "I think you need to learn one of those spells that makes things bigger on the inside," Mary said. She had offered to help them move and had been at Lily's house for the past hour. "Maybe I should just apparate some of my stuff directly to the flat," James suggested. "No," Lily insisted. "It's harder to apparate to places you don't know well and if we're off by a few metres we're going to end up scaring the life out of our muggle neighbours." James personally thought that this would be an excellent way to introduce themselves, but the ministry probably wouldn't agree. Eventually, with a final shove from Lily's mum, the suitcase squeezed into the boot of the car. There was a rather alarming crack, but they all decided to ignore it in favour of nodding in satisfaction. "You'll just have to keep that one on your knee," Lily told James, nodding at the suitcase left in his hand. "It's not that long a drive anyway." James agreed, and while Mary ran upstairs to double check that nothing had been forgotten, Lily and James went back into the living room to say goodbye to Lily's father. "Roger, Lily and James are leaving now," his wife told him gently, perching on the edge of his chair. "They've come to say goodbye." The man looked up at Lily with confusion in his eyes, and Lily felt her breath catch. She'd realised while being at home for the last few months that his Alzheimer's had worsened considerably, but although she knew it was silly, she still hoped, whenever he looked at her, that he'd magically get better. "Petunia?" he said questioningly, and Lily felt James' hand slip into hers. "She left home years ago." "No dear," Lily's mum said, smiling sadly at her daughter. "It's Lily and James, they're moving to London together!" "Oh," he replied, "of course." His eyes searched Lily's, and there was an edge of panic to them that made Lily deeply uncomfortable. Letting go of James' hand, she leant forward and wrapped her arms around her father. "Bye dad," she muttered against his cheek, "I love you." "I love you too," he said back instinctively. Then added, "Lily," as an afterthought. Nodding, Lily led the way back out of the room, to where Mary was waiting at the bottom of the stairs. "All set?" she asked, and Lily nodded determinedly. They all piled into the car - James in the front with his suitcase stuffed uncomfortably against his knees, and Mary in the back, wedged between the car door and one of the many boxes. Lily's mum watched