Hello everybody! This is my first twilight fic and I'd like to point out a few things, such as right now I really don't remember what's happening in the story for Bella and the vamps. Right around summer vacations so if you do know please tell me. In a few more chapters things will be happening according to New Moon, and maybe a few more details added in. See you at the bottom! Diary POV. My name is Emilia Lahote. I was born April 20. I just turned 16 years old, and so far this year has been the worst year of my life. I mean yeah every teenager says that when they get a pimple or when their boyfriend/girlfriend dumps them, which really sucks, especially when both happen at the same time. Like this one time...I gotta learn not to ramble on about unless things, because if I keep on rambling on like this I'll never get to the story, so let me begin again. My name is Emilia Lahote; I just turned 16 this April. I was born in some little town called la push Washington, but we moved to Florida when I was 2 years old. When I was 4 years old my biological father died. Mom was heart broken but we moved on with our lives. When I was 7 years old my mom got remarried, to a doctor named Alex. He's a good man who loved my mom and me, but deep down I knew he never wanted me. He saw me as a pest, or a third wheel, or something like that. Alex already had a daughter when he married my mom. Her name was Sophia. She had very bright red hair and shocking green eyes. From the first moment we met she and I were best friends. Well that is after I gave her one of my Barbie doll. Anyways a year later mom and Alex had their first child. Her name is Alexandria; she has red hair like Alex and Sophia, and blue eyes like mom and me. When I was 10 mom got pregnant again but this time with identical twin boys. Their names were Johnny, and Tommy. Cute huh? They had light brown hair like me. Johnny had brown eyes and Tommy blue eyes. When I was 14 my mother was in a car accident. She was killed instantly. We had the funeral and few weeks later, and now two years later, I was... I guess I should begin the story here. Emilia POV "Emily do you wanna go to the movies with Alexandria, Johnny, Tommy, and me?" Sophia asked me one beautiful May Day. It was around 2:45 and school had just ended for summer vacation. "What movie are you guys gonna watch?" I asked. "Well they wanna watch Happy Feet two, but I say we ditch them and go watch 'Mission Impossible: Ghost Protocol'" she said dramatically. "I would but dad told me to meet him right after school today." I said as we walked to my silver 2005 cadillac cts "Aww well I'll see you later." She said and walked to her 2005 mustang gt "Hey Sophie!" I called. "What's up?" She called back. "Do ya wanna trade cars for now?" "Sure." She said. We walked back to each other, switched keys and walked to each others car. I turned the car on, turned the radio on full blast, and drove off. 'I wonder what Alex wants.' I wondered to myself as Dance by Niki Minaj came on. A few minutes later I drove up to the house and parked in the garage. I walked in and heard Alex call me from the kitchen." Emilia please come here." Sighed and left my stuff in the living room. "Hey Alex what do you need?" I asked. "Take a seat Emilia." He said from his spot at the table. "Okaaay, why do I have a bad feeling about this?" I said out loud. "Listen I know you're still trying to recover from your mother's loss, but I think it'd best if you moved with your family." He said. "What do you mean? This is my family." I said. "I mean that you should move with your dad's family. You know in Washington." He said without even looking me in the eyes. I looked at him with complete disbelief. "You're asking m-me to leave Florida? I can't. This is my home." "No." He said simply. "No what?" I asked getting a bit ticked off. "I'm not asking you. I'm telling you to leave." He said. Although he wouldn't show it I knew he was losing patience. "No. I'm not leaving. You can't make me." I said stubbornly. He sighed and pinched the bridge of his nose. "You don't understand. We want you here but it'd be best for everyone if you left." "For everyone or for you?" I asked. "This isn't about me! It's what I think is best for my children! And you are not my child, and you never will be." He said loudly. I stood up and looked at him straight in the eye. "Did you talk with Sophia and everyone about this?" I asked. "Why would I have to?" He said menacingly. "Because...they need to know." "And they will once you're gone." "So what? I leave Florida and just appear at Washington out of the blue? Where am I supposed to live? The streets?" I asked. "I talked to your uncle. He said he'll take you in." "My uncle? You mean Paul and his dad?" I said referring to my cousin and his father. Over the years my mom would take me to La Push to visit my dad's family. "Yes them." He said, not hiding his disgust. "I already bought the plane ticket. You leave Sunday morning." "Dad! Emily! We're home!" I heard Sophia shout from the entrance. He gave me one final glare and walked to meet his daughter. "Hey honey your home early. How was the movie?" He asked. I didn't listen to what they were saying I just stood there in disbelief. "Hey Emilia, what's wrong?" Alexandria asked. I didn't answer, instead I ran to my room, which was the basement but I chose it there. I mean I had the biggest room and my own bathroom. Well anyways I ran down there and locked the door. I got my phone and texted my friend Analissa. She was turning 20 soon. Me: AAAANNNNNAAAAA! D'X Ann: Wats up gurl! Me: Alex! He's kickin me out! :'( Ann: WAAAT Y? D : me: idk he just said it'd b best 4 everyone. :'( Ann: wth! Well u wanna stay wit me and Kyle? Kyle was Analissa's 3 year old son. Me: I wish I could but Alex is sending me to Washington to live wit my dads' family Ann: I'm so srry. :( Me: don't b :\ Ann: well listen sis I gtg. I need 2 make dinner. Txt u l8r. I sighed laid down on my bed. "Why me?" I asked myself. "Emilia! Open the door! Please!" heard Sophie called. I ignored her and looked at the carpeted floor. "Fine!" She said. After a while I saw my bookshelf fold vertically in half and watched as Sophia walked in with her hand on her hips. The bookshelf closed and she walked towards me. "Damn it! I keep forgetting about those old secret passage ways." I said to myself. "Emily. I'm sorry. If I knew dad was thinking of sending you away I would've stopped him." She said as she took a seat on my bed. I sat up and said "I doubt you would've been able to change his mind." She gave me a sad look and was about to say something when the bookshelf opened again. "Hey watch it guys!" Alexandria said as she ushered Johnny and Tommy in. "Sissy! Don't go!" Johnny cried and ran to me. "Yesh please stay with us! We don't want you to go!" Tommy cried and ran at me like his brother. "Sorry guys. Dad already made the calls. And besides it's not like I'll never see you guys ever again. I'm just gonna take a long vacation." I said trying to cheer them up. "Now why don't help me pack up. If I finish packing today we can spend all day tomorrow at the amusement park! How 'bout it?" No one said anything and everyone still looked sad. "I'll buy you guys some cotton candy!" I persuaded. "Ooo yummy nummy cotton candy!" Johnny Tommy and Alexandria said at the same time. I smiled and walked over to my closet and brought out 3 of my biggest suitcases. "Johnny man! Tommy man! You two can get my clothes from those drawer's." I said and pointed at my dresser. "Ok sis!" They said in unison and ran to the dresser. "Can I help Emi?" Alexandria asked. "Sure. Can you make sure the clothes they bring out are folded?" I said. "Sure thing." She said and walked off. "Let me help you get your clothes from the closet." Sophia said wand walked over to the closet. "Thanks for helping me." I said. It was around 5:30 when we had all my clothes packed. "Well now all I need are my shoes. Then I'll move on to hair products and stuff." I said. "Thank you guys for the help!" I said and hugged Alexandria and twins. "No problem!" Alexandria said. "You welcome!" The twins said in unison. "Ok you guys can go!" I said as I let go of them all. They all ran to the bookshelf. "Freeze!" I said, and they all froze in place. "Use the door!" They all slowly turned dragged their feet and mumbled under their breath. "Let me help you with the rest of your stuff." Sophia said. "You don't have to." I said and walked back to the closet to grab my shoes. "But I want to!" She replied and began to put my brushed and stuff into the smaller pockets of the suitcase. After I had put all my shoes away I found a book under the small pile. I opened it up and smiled. It was my baby book. It had pictures of me and my mom and my dad. "Emilia are you ok?" Sophia asked. "Yeah, I just found my baby book." "Aww you looked so cute! What happened?" She said playfully. "The same thing that happened to you obviously!" I replied back. "Ha, ha so funny." She said sarcastically. "Anyways we're done now right?" She asked as I put the book in my carry on bag, along with some of my favorite books, and my IPad. "Yeah thanks for the help I really appreciate it." I said while I walked over to my bed. "Well see you in the morning." She said and walked to the stairs. "And Emilia, I just want you to know that once you leave this place will never be the same." "True." I said and began to get ready for bed. "Yeah, because this room will be turned into the media room." She before she walked out. "Jerk." I said to no one. I smiled and walked to my bed. I got in my bed and cuddled up in my warm blankly, and almost instantly fell asleep. ~~~~~DREAM LAND~~~~~ I was standing on a cliff that over looked the sea. I was alone except for the forest behind me. "It's so peaceful." I whispered. Suddenly I heard a snap of a twig in the forest behind me. I turned around and saw a man walk towards me. He was very tall and very handsome with black hair that reached his shoulders and golden honey eyes, which were actually really pretty. But for some reason, be the light of the setting sun, or an eye illusion, he was sparkling. "I've been waiting for you." He said. I wasn't really controlling my actions, and I took