Hi! Welcome to my new short story! This was originally a one shot, then became a two shot, and is now a three - so its ever growing lol. Hope you all like it. Til Death Us Do Part. Chapter one Honour and disobey. Harry shuddered as pain ripped through his abdomen, trying desperately not to move but unable to stop the convulsions. He bit down on his lip and the coppery taste of blood flooded his mouth. His head was lifted off the cold ground it lay upon, his hair was stroked and words of comfort were being whispered. "You can have green…I was…I was only…." he cried, knowing someone was there but unsure who. He felt himself slipping away, could feel death's grip wrapping its way around his body. The end was near - he was about to die… Harry's eyes snapped open. For a moment the surrounding darkness closed in on him like a suffocating blanket, smothering him to the point he gasped desperately for breath. Perspiration slid down his face and pooled against the soft pillow beneath his head, causing his hair to stick uncomfortably to his forehead. He glanced around the room compulsively, forcing his eyes to adjust to the darkness as he allowed his breathing to regulate. He knew deep in his heart that there was no danger, that it had just been a terrible dream and his body slowly began to relax as a result. He slowly moved his hand across the bed until it bumped against warm flesh, and he brushed his fingers lightly against it to calm himself further. It had always helped to be close to someone after a nightmare, and even now that he was well into adulthood, it was no exception. Turning his head slightly, his gaze fell on the pale outline of a face. Soft sparkling eyes glittered from the light of a streetlamp falling through the large window behind Harry, and it was easy to make out an expression. Harry's heart fell into normal rhythm from the tenderness and understanding. "You okay?" whispered Draco, tenderly. His hand moved across and captured Harry's. "Nightmare?" Harry sighed and closed his eyes. He felt silly now that his heart rate had settled down, and he realised he must have called out in his sleep, resulting in waking the blonde beside him. He shook himself, clearing his consciousness of the silly dream he'd had. "I'm fine, just a dream." Harry breathed, turning on his side and facing the other man. "Nothing to worry about." He added. "Anything you want to talk about?" Draco asked, squeezing Harry's hand for encouragement. Harry's lips pulled at the edges in a gentle smile, "Honestly, it's nothing." he reassured, ignoring the swell of guilt in his stomach. The dreams he'd been having all his life were easy to deal with now, but they would frighten his partner - he didn't need to hear the multitude of deaths Harry had suffered in his dreams. Draco smiled knowingly, and he leaned across to place a soft kiss on the end of Harry's nose. Harry breathed in the leftover scent of Draco's aftershave that lingered on his skin, and he felt his body shift closer to the other man. Draco chuckled lightly, his hand releasing Harry's and coming to rest instead on his hip. "You lie," He whispered, "but I'll forgive you. As long as you're not getting cold feet?" Harry considered the only words spoken in his dream, something about having green. He wondered if maybe it was a sign of cold feet - after all, Draco had been whining constantly about having green waistcoats for the wedding , much to Harry's annoyance, and he suspected that his sub-conscience was trying to tell him something. Though he knew he wasn't getting cold feet. Maybe somewhere in his head he knew he'd only agree to green if her were on his deathbed. "My feet are fine." He smiled, pulling Draco closer and cradling him against his chest. "Now stop worrying and go back to sleep." It wasn't long until Draco's breathing evened out as sleep took a hold of him, and Harry let his mind drift. He was actually getting married to Draco Malfoy. It was a concept that still made Harry beam and scoff in the same instance. Not in a million years would he had thought that one day he'd be marrying his school-boy nemesis - even now the idea seemed ridiculous. But at the same time it made sense, it worked - they worked. They were two parts of the same whole - they complimented each other perfectly (even if at times they clashed disastrously) and now they were willing to express to each other - and the world - just how perfect they were for one another. Though, of course, that didn't mean they always got on. Harry recalled the argument that had taken place earlier that day, the one that had probably led to his disturbing dream. "Oh, are you kidding me? I would rather die than wear green to my wedding!" Harry had grumbled as they both climbed into their car to begin yet another journey to a wedding venue. They had so far disagreed on every decision, and he was scowling to himself as he fastened his seat belt knowing that he'd yet again be bullied into agreeing with his soon-to-be ball and chain. "Don't tempt me, Harry, because I can make it happen and look like an accident!" Draco had retorted, leaning forward to fiddle with the stereo, "besides, you'll do as you're told or I'll make you marry a Weasley instead." He'd added with a smirk. Harry's scowl deepened. "Maybe I'll take you up on that, at least I'll have a quiet life!" he'd sniped, glaring at the road ahead. It was nonsense, he was quite aware of this, however he couldn't help the dig. Draco had always had an unnecessary jealous streak when it came to The Weasleys. Though, Harry reasoned, George's pointed flirting and Ginny's moony eyed stare would aggravate anyone, least of all his boyfriend. However, Draco wasn't taking the bait today. He merely rolled his eyes. "A quiet life surrounded by the ginger posse? I very much doubt that." Draco laughed easily causing Harry's scowl to deepened. "Anyway, we've only got another 3 weeks until the wedding and I want it to be spectacular - so can you please start seeing things my way. It would make the process a lot simpler" he finished petulantly. It was common knowledge that Draco had a problem with the word 'No'. Unless, of course, he was the one saying it. "Oh I have no doubt that it'll be a spectacle ." Harry grumbled, checking his mirrors as he navigated round a roundabout, "That's the problem - I want it simple and quaint." he admitted quietly. "Well, you can carry on wanting! I only plan on getting married once, and I plan on doing it in style. We'll do your boring quiet wedding when we renew our vows." Draco allowed with an uninterested wave of his hand. Harry blanched, his head whipping round to take in Draco's expression. "What do you mean 'renew our vows'? You know, Draco, it would be nice if you'd perhaps ask my opinion on things before you just go ahead and make decisions! At this rate, I might decide not to show up." An empty threat, they both knew this. "Over your dead body!" Draco scoffed. "If you stand me up, I'll make Voldemort look tame." He added with a dark look in Harry's direction. Harry frowned, his hands gripping the steering wheel. "Tasteful, Draco." A small sigh filled the car. "I love you, Harry." Draco said softly, his hand reaching across and brushing over Harry's white knuckles, "I just want our wedding to be perfect. I've waited to marry you since we were 16 - it's all I've ever wanted." Harry was taken aback by Draco's sudden change in direction. He glanced at his boyfriend and found that his expression was as earnest as his words. He gripped Draco's fingers and held them against the steering wheel. "I'm sorry. I know all of this wedding stuff means a lot to you, I should be more understanding. I love you, too, baby - there is nothing on this planet that could stop me from racing down that aisle to marry you." he added with a smile. "You promise?" Draco asked, his tone uncharacteristically unsure. "I promise." Harry smiled, squeezing Draco's fingers as he focused back on the road. "And I'll think about the green." He distantly recalled the small, triumphant smile that had pulled at Draco's lips, one that was mirrored by Harry he drifted off to sleep. Weeks passed by in a blur of Wedding magazines and cake tasting, and at times Harry wondered what he and Draco would actually talk about once they were married and they no longer had a million things to plan. He clung to the idea that he may actually get a bit of peace. Though, with Draco as a husband that seemed very unlikely. He did get occasional moments of relaxation, though. Once a week he, Draco, Hermione and Ron would meet up at their favourite restaurant and he always smiled as he gazed at his fiancé conversing easily with his two best friends - friends who had once been tortured and ridiculed by said fiancé. It hadn't been an easy road to friendship for Draco, Hermione and Ron - far from it! It had taken every ounce of persistence and cunning Harry possessed to, at first, force a civil understand between them, and then nurture a blossoming friendship. Now it felt as though Draco had always been a part of their tight knit unit - and Harry couldn't be happier. Even if it meant that Draco now had allies - allies who knew how to break Harry…and who regularly succeeded in doing so. "An ice sculptor would be perfect centre piece, Draco - I just don't see why he's opposed to it." Hermione's voice floated into Harry's consciousness. The way she said 'he's' put him instantly on guard. " He has a name, and he can be opposed to whatever he likes considering it his wedding as well!" Harry informed with a scowl, picking up his wine glass and cursing when he realised it was empty. With a sour expression he plonked the glass back down, avoiding eye contact with the other occupants of the table. He now realised why Draco and Hermione had been so intent on going to a restaurant to finalise the wedding arrangements - it was to impair any risk of Harry objecting to any secret plans and causing a scene. Sneaky bastards! Ron, who was about as interested in wedding arrangements as he was in re-reading A History of Magic, tilted a wine bottle over Harry's glass and emptied the contents inside, his eyes twinkling with mirth. The corner of his mouth pulled upwards when he caught Harry's eye. "Mate, the best thing you can do is just let them get on with it and think about the honeymoon. It will make life a lot less stressful." he advised knowingly. "If I let them get on with it, Ron, I'll end up bankrupt and humiliated." Harry said desperately, his eyes begging Ron to understand and help. "Maybe so, but at least you'll have a quiet life." he replied with an apologetic shrug, before he pushed Harry's glass towards him. "Plus, it helps to drink a lot until the wedding is over." "Wonderful." Harry sighed with disappoint, reaching for his glass and taking a large gulp. "Bloody brilliant." Harry scowled for the entirety of the meal and refrained from agreeing to any type of arrangement. He knew that he was being coerced into decisions and he made it his mission to be involved properly - meaning his opinions would be valued, respected…and