Inglorious Bastards Prologue Current Day – 2017 Four candles. Flames flickering erratically in the brisk night air, fighting the wind for longevity of their spark. How poetic that felt. Four bright flames fighting for their right to exist against forces that would rather they be snuffed out. She ought to be crying, she thought, ought to be sobbing at the feet of the concrete angels in front of her but she'd long ago run out of tears, and the chiselled names lit by candlelight had stopped responding long before they were in this place. For thirty-eight years she'd done the same thing. Walked to this place in the early hours of the morning, when the grass was wet with dew and the sun didn't know the day had started without it yet. Laid out four candles, lit them, maybe she'd cry and maybe she wouldn't. She'd speak to them softly, tell them about the world, and tell them she was sorry. Sorry that they were the ones beneath her feet and not the other way around. Sorry because she didn't deserve to be here anymore than they deserved to be there. She'd stay so long that when she was done the candles were burnt down and the sun was high in the sky. Twenty years ago she would have stood and walked away with no troubles but now, it was a mission to stand after being so still for so long. Her joints were worn down and her strength failing. The lines that ran deep along her skin told the story of her life if one only looked long enough but nobody ever did. As always, before she left, she contemplated leaving one last candle. One last candle for the grave that wasn't there. The grave that she carried in her mind more than it would be carried in the world. But as always she turned away with a shake of her head. He is still alive, she'd remind herself. Alive being the more generous word for what her last surviving friend was. Perhaps in body the sentiment was true but nothing could be further from the truth for his mind, his soul and his heart all lived within the grave in her mind. He was just as gone as the friends she leaves behind in the cemetery – sometimes, she thinks, even more. The walk home was always slower than the walk there. She thinks it's because the ghosts of her friends weigh heavier on her after her visit. It's probably just because she's old. When her feet hit the threshold of her house she can feel it, feel him. He was always different on this day, like he was aware of what it meant, he didn't, of course, he wasn't aware of anything. "I lit the candles for us. Had to use a bit of magic this time to keep the wind from blowin' them out." Her voice echoed in the near emptiness of the small space she resided in. It was croakier than she remembered it being, weathered by the years. Her vocal chords had had more use in her life than they could handle. Screaming, sobbing, laughter. There'd been none of that for a long time. Not for her. Not in this house. Walking into the bed room she knew he'd be, he never moved, he couldn't, she situated herself on the bed behind him. Her hands shook as she placed them into her lap but they always shook, scars marked the delicate skin of the tops of them. Her eyes met the back of his head as the man continued to stare out the window, as always, the greying hair a stark contrast to how it was when they were young. They'd tried to take him to St. Mungos more times than she could count, said he'd be better looked after there, better treated. They were liars, all of them. They didn't know him like she did. He'd never have wanted to live out his life in a hospital, and she wouldn't let him. It was her fault after all. Slowly she stood, less from the resistance her body gave her and more from the fear she felt every time she went to gaze upon his blank face. "I'm so sorry." She'd said the words to him more times than she could count. At the beginning she'd spent days in this room, on the bed next to him sobbing into the pillows and begging for the forgiveness he couldn't give her even if he'd wanted to. "It should have been me. It should have been me." Yet another common utterance within these walls. If he'd been able to he'd have told her to shut up decades ago but that thought never stopped the words from slipping passed her lips. It was worse on this day. Everything was worse on this day. The guilt. The pain. The grief. The life she'd never fully lived. The man next to her had been the one tortured to vacant madness by unforgiving men using even more unforgivable curses, the rest of their friends had been lost in the fight against those same men. It was only her who endured now. Only her that had lived a half- life, a cursed life. Even after the young Potter boy had finished the second war, even after she had been offered an award for her service after they had somehow discovered their achievements during the first one – which she'd refused with a slamming door in the young man's face. Some days she wished she'd died alongside her friends, some days she was thankful she hadn't. But most days, well, most days she thought the Cruciatus curse would have been much quicker. Chapter 1 1977 Taylor Tonks would like to think that she was a well-dressed individual. A nice pair of jeans and a shirt went a long way and she could always count on them for being a timeless classic. It wasn't that she was opposed to flowing dresses or pleated skirts, it was just that she'd never owned any. Unfortunately, that fact hadn't deterred the very rich, and very picky Valentine Cornelia Malfoy – her best friend, well, that fact was to be decided in lieu of whether or not the platinum blonde pain in her butt would make her try on any more dresses. "Just reiterating I was, in fact, joking when I suggested this, Malfoy." Came the irritated words of Taylor through clenched teeth as her usually nimble fingers fumbled with the halter neck of the deep crimson dress that had been thrown in her direction mere moments earlier. "Don't make suggestions if you aren't going to follow through." Came the contrastingly distracted and borderline bored reply of Vally as clothing hangers clinked against each other in the aftermath of her ever searching fingers upon the dress rack. "Now, are you dressed or not? You know what I don't care I'm coming in." The warning was given barely moments before the other girl had barged into Taylor's dressing room and immediately emitted an incredibly over dramatic gasp. "I don't know what I did –" "Oh Taylor it's gorge-" "but you have become entirely too-" "ous! You have to buy this-" "pushy. You can't just barge into my-" "one and we are not leaving until you do." "dressing room." The pause that rendered the fitting room silent after that confusing outburst had the two girls bursting into a fit of giggles for honestly no apparent reason at all. After the laughter had subsided Vally positioned her dainty hands onto her best friend's shoulders and slowly forced her to turn until the girl was facing the full body mirror. The sight Taylor beheld almost had her letting out a gasp herself – it was beautiful. Raising her hand she tucked a strand of red hair behind her ear as she gazed at the reflection in the mirror. The dress cinched tightly at her bodice, layers of soft satin intricately designed with small swirling patterns ran across the material of her chest, which dipped deep into her cleavage in, well, in the classiest way she had ever seen. From her waist the material flowed like water, slowly deepening the colour in a gradient. The dress had to be infused with magic, she decided, because as soon as the dress caught a certain light it would sparkle like a million diamonds caught on fire. "I do like it." Came the slightly breathless reply of the red head at last, her eyes never once leaving the dress in the mirror. It took a few moments for the spell, whether it was an actual spell or not was to be seen, to wear off and for Taylor to slowly turn to the girl next to her. "I like it a lot. But just because I like the dress, does not make what we are about to do any less stupid." "If you don't want to accompany me to the big bad pureblood ball, all you have to do is say so, Tonks." Was the slightly exasperated and overtly mocking reply of Vally, accompanied with an eye roll – the ridiculous ice blue of her eyes making it seem so much more offensive for some reason. The flame of pride that always bubbled just below the surface of the Gryffindor's skin flared as her facial features rearranged to make a scowl. "If you're trying to imply I'm scared you can shove it, Malfoy. I'm just concerned that maybe bringing a bloody mudblood to your very intense, very classist family ball might not be the best idea you've ever had." "It was your idea" "Merlin's pants, Val. You know it's stupid if I'm the one being the voice of reason here." The blonde girl simply blinked that slow, infuriating blink that said 'I am equal parts correct and bored with this conversation' before turning away and walking from the dressing room. "Then stop talking," there was a slight pause, "See, no more voice of reason." And then she was gone. Chapter 2 If Taylor thought the dress shopping had been nerve racking, it was nothing compared to the delirious haze of fear she had been in since she had stepped into Malfoy Manor. She looked every bit the part, red dress secured expertly on her hourglass frame, red hair - shinier than she had ever seen it- cascaded in soft waves over her shoulders and stopped at her collar bone, make up as natural as she could convince Vally to do it. She looked every bit the pureblood she wasn't and not one bit the 16 year old that she was. The girl next to her shone brightly in an emerald green coloured gown that accentuated every curve all the way to her ankles, platinum hair piled onto her head in the most intricate design of braids she'd ever seen done without the help of magic and her makeup was, as always, flawless. Valentine Malfoy was a classic beauty. The type of girl you'd imagine on the silver screen with Marilyn Monroe and Aubrey Hepburn. A timeless type of pretty that was never in your face but was always present no matter what she was doing. There was nothing about the girl that wasn't perfect or poised, a side effect of her upbringing. The once snobby, prideful Slytherin Ice Queen that paraded her status around Hogwarts was a stark contrast to the young woman she had grown to be since Taylor had known her. Yet, standing in this house with her Taylor realised that her best friend was a much better actress than she gave her credit for as she watched Vally dismiss a waiter with a simple flick of her hand just like all those years ago. She was sure that she was the only one that saw the flicker of sadness and apology reflected in the depths of her best friend's eyes at the