A/N ~ Welcome, to the 72nd Annual Hunger Games! The year after Joanna Mason won her Hunger Games Renn Fraser, a boy from District twelve gets reaped for the hunger games. Unsure if he will survive or not he sallies out to the capitol. Happy Reading! Chapter 1 Once a year all the children between the ages of 12 and 18 gathered in front of the huge and impressive justice building of their District. Every kid was washed up and dressed in their best clothes for two of them would make an appearance on TV today for all of Panem to see. While this could sound rather exciting the purpose of the assembly is terrifying. Two of the children in the crowd, a boy and a girl chosen by lottery, would be sent to fight for their lives in an arena against 22 other children. Only one child would be allowed to return home. District 5 had had 6 Victors in 71 years which was not a horrible quote but in opposition to the District '1 and '2 kids, the 'Careers' children from '5 were not eager to participate in these games. Every now and then there had been a crazy one craving honor and wealth. Vígdis Thorsen, one of the three still living victors of District five had been the one and only to ever volunteer and return home in her District which made her a legend in her home. This rarity usually only happened in higher Districts such as 1 and 2. Renn Fraser stared into his bathroom mirror and a mirrored Renn Fraser stared back. The tall dark haired boy with grey eyes in the reflection looked only a little bit worried. He took a deep breath. The odds that his name would be the one pulled out of the bowl were minimal. "Renn?" A voice cheeped. The teenager turned around. "Hey Cassie." Renn smiled at his 12 year old sister. She had just turned twelve and it was her first year participating in the reaping. The fragile little girl looked terrified. Renn kneeled in front of her. "Hey" He soothed her, placing his hands on her skinny shoulders. She had always been tiny and thin. "I'm scared Renn. I know i'm baby and...it's just...what if..." "Shhsht. Don't even say that ok? Cass, your name is in there once and for the first time. There is no way you will be picked, ok?" "o...ok." Cassie snaggered trying to sound brave and fearless. Renn pulled his sister into a hug. As he released her he swept some crinkles off her dark blue dress. "Both of you look really handsome." Their Mother stood in the door frame, gazing at her children and trying to hide the fear in her eyes. The same fear that Renn had seen in her eyes for the past 6 years. "Mom, we'll be ok. Stop looking at us like that." He smiled at his Mother, trying to look more confident than he actually was. Jessica Fraser stepped into the room and adjusted her sons dark blue tie. She looked at her son. "You look so much like your father Renn." She sighed. Skander Fraser had died 5 years ago right when Renn had turned 13. The power plant he had been employed in had had a blackout and he happened to be at the wrong place in the wrong time. Luckily only two people had dies, given that it could have been worse. But unfortunatly for Jessica and her kids it had been her husband. A knock on the door sounded trough the house. "That must be Chris and May. We'll see you later Mom. I love you." He gave his mom a quick hug. Cassie did the same and when Jessica held her twelve year old she struggled to hold back her tears. Reaping day was the worst day of the year. Renn took his sisters hand and they stepped out the door. "Happy reaping day." His best friend Chris Panel smirked. It was an annual joke between the two of them. He and his sister May lived only two houses away from the Frasers and the kids had known oneanother their whole lifes. Chris was 18 like Renn and May had just turned 15. "And may the odds be ever in your favor." Renn laughed. "You gonna volunteer this year?" Chris quipped. "Sure, I'd love to die in the arena. Sounds awesome to me." The other boy played along. Cassies tiny fingers tightened around her brothers. "Hey, I'm just joking Cassie." He ruffled her hair a bit without destroying the hairdo his mom had invested almost an hour into this morning. The little group made their way to the District square. They lined up for the peacekeepers to take a sample of their blood. "Why are they doing that?" Cassie asked her brother. "I have no idea to be honest. It's just a tiny needle though. It wont hurt." After they had donated some of they blood it was time for the group to part. Girls to the right and boys to the left. Chris and May hugged whishing each other good luck. Renn turned to his sister who seemed to tremble from nervousness. "Hey Cass." He kneeled down again. With his 5' 10'' he was quite a lot taller than his sister who measured tiny 4' 8''. "I'm fine." She said with a surprisingly calm voice. "I'm really ok. Don't get reaped Renn, ok?" "you neither." The older guy hugged his sister. "I love you, Cass." "Love you too big brother." Then she walked over to the girls area with May. "The first year is always the worst, huh?" Chris patted his best friends shoulder. "True. May the odds be in their favor." "and in ours." Renn added. "I don't feel like trying to defend myself against some of those brutes from '1 or '2." The boys lined up among their fellow possible tributes. The hymn of Panem satrted to play and the usual propaganda film was shown on a big screen in front of the Justice building. None of the older kids seemed to actually pay attention since they had seen this procedure over and over. "Will they ever make a new film to present their utter bullshit? I'm getting tired of this one." Chris muttered and Renn grinned. He apprechiated his friends' humor – even more in a situation like the reaping. When the screen went black again a middle aged woman stepped onto the stage. She wore a dark green dress that looked like it was made from scales and her light blond hair was styled into long spikes that extended from her head. The tips of her hair spikes were dyed pink. "And what the hell is that?!" Chris nodded towards the woman who had just cleared her throat and reached for the microphone. " Welcome, Welcome! To the reaping of the 72 nd annual Hunger Games! My name is Alcyone Salazar and I am District five's new escort! Isn't that exciting? Well, as it is tradition: Ladies first!" Alcyone's high voice sounds over the whole square. She walks over to the girls' glass ball and runns her hand trough the little paper slips. After building up some tension by taking up almost a minute to pick a slip of paper she decides on a slip and pulls it out. " And the female tribute for District 5 in the 72 nd annual Hunger Games is: Cassidy Fraser! " 'Cassidy Fraser.' The words echoed in Renns' head. It took him a couple seconds to comprehend what just happened. "No" he whispered. "No. Cassie!" Chris grabbed his friends arm. "NO CASSIE!" Renn shouted when he saw his little sister parting from the crowd of girls. Cassidy was shaking but she tried her best to look confident walking up towards the stairs of the Justice bulding. "I volunteer!" A strong, deep voice called from the crowd of girls. Renns mouth dropped open. A buff looking girl stepped forward and showed Cassie aside. "I volunteer as a tribute for District 5." Cassie looked puzzled. She didn't know what just happened. She had never even seen this girl. "Well, how exciting is this!" Alcyone's voice chipped. "District 5 hasn't had a Volunteer in 10 years! Come here girl! Come on! Nobody seemed to care about the twelve year old that just stood there absolutly confused until a peacekeeper shhoed her back to the crowd where May flung her arms around her friend. "What the hell just happened?" Renn was trying to comprehend what just occurred. His sister was reaped. And A girl he had never even seen before had volunteered. That girl had given her life for his sisters! Well, basically. One never knew. But the chances to survive the games were not that high. "Cass is safe!" Chris nudged him. "man! Be happy! Your sister is safe! Do you know that chick?" "no!" Renn examned the girl that had now crested the stairs and stood next to Alcyone. She was quite tall and muscular, almost buff looking. Her blond hair was held together in a pony tail and she wore a white blouse and a black skirt. Who was that? "so honey, what is your name?" "Moira Negrescu" the girl replied. "And why did you volunteer for that little girl? Your sister?" The escort inquired. "No. I don't even know her. I just want to show the people of Panem that '5 is not a bunch of loosers. I have the guts and the strenth to win this." "Ohh a fighter! Well, let's hear a great applause for Moira Negrescu!" Some kids started clapping and the rest joined in. Slowly. None of the Kids had seen someone volunteer during their reaping years. "Holy shit! That girl sounds like she's gonna smack someones skull within the next 5 minutes!" Chris looked impressed and amused at the same time. "I don't even care if she kills everyone in that arena with her bare hands. She saved my sister's life!" Renn clapped and felt the tension in his body decrease a bit. " And now for the boys!" Alcyone Salazar started swirling her hand trough the other glass bowl trying to buld up the same tension as before. But the crowd still seemed to be too puzzled about what just happened. " And the male Tribute for District 5 is: Renn Fraser!" Renns heart skipped a beat. The tension that had just decreased in his body was gone now. It was replaced by utter inapprehensiveness. His friends were staring at him. "No way." Xander said. Chris couldn't even open his mouth. For the first time ever he was out was out of words. Renn straigtened up and parted from his friends. Everything seemed to spin around him. It was like the whole world was muted all of a sudden. A scream feteched him back into realitiy. "NOO RENN!" It was Cassie. He turned around and saw his little sister running towards him. A peacekeeper stepped into her way. Before Renn could turn around, Chris was next to Cassie. He meet his friends gaze and picked his sister up trying to communicate to him that he'd take care of her. Renn nodded. Seeing his sister crying in his best friends arms almost broke his heart. He scaled up the stairs and was greeted by Alcyone. "Well, what a show we have today! Was that *your* sister then, Renn?" The Boys mouth was completely dry. "Yes." He said tonelessly. He looked at Moira. And wanted to thank her but the Escort interrupted him: "What an exciting show this year! Ladies and gentleman: May I present you this years Tributes for District 5! Moira Negrescu and Renn Fraser! May the odds be ever in your favor." She gave the crowd a huge smile and two peacekeepers guided the two Tributes into the Justice building. "thank you." Renn brought out. "I...Thank you. I don't know why you