Disclaimer: Stephanie Meyers owns Twilight. I do not. I do however, own my 'gang'. A/N: Flying solo folks. This is the long awaited sequel to A Mortal Life. To my new readers, I seriously recommend that you read that story before starting this one. To my regular readers, this story will be written in third person narrative. This will also be a large story and yes, there are OCs (Original Characters). MSCML picks up a year and several months after the final chapter of AML. Chapter 1 " Don't do this. I'm begging you!" Taylor's voice cracked at the end, revealing his desperation. " This is my choice, Taylor. Nothing you can say will change my mind." Bella drew in a fortifying breath, steeling herself against his anger. Hurt flashed in his eyes. "Nothing, huh? So what about me? What about us?" Bella blinked back the tears stinging her eyes. Why couldn't he see how hard this was for her? Nothing about their situation was easy for her. She felt her resentment toward Alice grow because of the choice she was being forced to make now. If only Alice had kept her big mouth shut, Taylor wouldn't have been so scared. " Please try to understand. Everything will turn out fine. I just need you on my side." In her heart of hearts, Bella knew she was doing the right thing. There was a small flicker of doubt in his eyes. "But Alice said–" " I don't care what Alice said," she snapped before softening, placing her hand over his heart. "I need your support, Taylor. I can survive this. We just need a little more time." " Alice told us what she saw. You heard what Carlisle said. There's only one choice to make." Taylor practically radiated concern. " How can you ask me to do that? I won't do it… not even for you." She felt as if her heart was literally breaking in her chest. Silence descended between them as they gazed at each other. Both refused to back down because doing so would result in the death of something they cherished. No matter who won, it would be a lose/lose situation. " Well I guess there's only one thing left to say." Taylor drew in a breath. "It's over between us." It looked as if it physically hurt him to say those words. " You don't mean that." Bella shook her head in disbelief, her tears flowing freely. How could he abandon her now when she needed him most? Taylor withdrew from her touch, leaving her feeling more alone than she'd felt in years. He wore a sad, tortured look on his face. "If you go through with this… I swear I will never forgive you." Bella was startled awaked by Taylor calling her name. His eyes shone with concern as he placed a hand on her shoulder. Memories of fear and grief faded as she glanced around the car. Taylor was sitting beside her in the backseat while Ryan drove to Forks with Liz riding shotgun. "You all right there, Izzy." Ryan glanced at her in the rearview mirror. "Yeah," Bella murmured, hating the quiver in her voice. The dreams always left her shaken. As always Taylor quickly picked up on how rattled she was. He traded concern for wariness in an instant. Even Liz had turned around in her seat to observe Bella's reaction. Bella didn't have to be a mind reader to know that Liz was using her empathic ability to read her emotions. They were all wondering if she could handle the upcoming visits to Charlie's and then to Leah's house. "Are you sure you're all right?" Taylor placed his hand over hers and squeezed gently. "Seriously, you guys. I'm fine." She mustered up a smile when, in truth, all she wanted to do was snap at them for staring at her. Immediately after those thoughts occurred, the usual wave of guilt followed. Her friends had moved to Washington for her, to give her some stability. Bella tried to tell herself that they were just worried about her. Still, their constant monitoring only added to her agitation. They'd just flown in from Florida, subsequent to a weeklong stay at Renee's. After living with the Cullens for a year, Taylor decided that they all needed a change of scenery. Somewhere she could start over and put the past behind her. He was even buying her a house in Port Angeles so she could be closer to Charlie. There was no end to the distance Taylor would go to ensure her happiness. Unable to bear the weight of Taylor's scrutiny, Bella turned away from him and gazed out her window. Though Taylor had good reasons for his watchfulness, Bella still struggled with feelings of resentment. With everything that happened between them a year ago, Bella's relationship with Taylor was still on shaky ground. The first hit came after Alice and Carlisle explained the reason for their visit, the second came when Bella decided to come clean with her friends concerning the Cullens being vampires and the Volturi. Taylor had stayed with her through it all. And except for the tiny incident where Taylor threw Edward through a window, both men eventually learned to tolerate each other. She closed her eyes, leaned her head against the glass and thought about her dream. Even in sleep, she was still being haunted by the painful memories of last year. She didn't know how to begin to pick up the pieces of her shattered life. How was she supposed to move forward when all she wanted to do was go back? Back to a time when she had everything she'd ever wanted. Back to a time when life made sense to her. When Bella reopened her eyes, she was greeted by the familiar scenery of Forks. As it was still early, there wasn't much in the way of vehicular or pedestrian traffic. As they drove pass the Newton's store, she wondered if it was still being ran by Mrs. Newton. The town of Forks had hardly changed at all in the four years she'd been gone. And yet, everything had changed for her in that time. Bella tore her attention away from the neighborhood to give Ryan directions to Charlie's house. They had to park in the street as there wasn't any room in the driveway, which was currently occupied by Charlie's police cruiser and Sue's Scion. With a gentle hand, Taylor helped her out of the car and Liz smiled at her. "So, this is where you grew up?" Bella nodded with a pasted on smile. No. She didn't grow up in Forks. It was where she'd lost herself. Where she'd become so wrapped up in love that she forgot who she used to be. She'd done all her growing up in Hanover, the cruel, harsh way. They climbed up the stairs and the front door swung open before they could knock. Sue stood there with a kind smile on her face. "Hello, Bella," she said and then shouted over her shoulder. "They're here!" She let them in and Charlie came around the corner when the introductions were finished. A range of emotions flickered across Charlie's face when his eyes landed on Bella, before settling on relief. Without a second thought, Bella went to Charlie and threw her arms around him. He embraced her with a quiet sigh and allowed himself to finally relax. His little girl had finally come home, safe and sound. A father couldn't ask for more than that. Charlie stepped back, blinking the moisture away from his eyes. His voice was gruff when he spoke. "How was your visit with Renee?" "She spent the entire visit fussing over me and then she almost kept me from getting on the plane," Bella only half-joked. Her crisis did what motherhood and two marriages had failed to do. It forced Renee to grow up. "We were just about to sit down and have breakfast. Are you kids hungry?" Sue asked and a famished Ryan practically knocked Taylor out of the way to get to the kitchen. The scent of bacon made her mouth water. She'd been too anxious to eat or sleep on the plane. Bella glanced around her, noticing Sue's influence all over the kitchen. The cupboards and walls had been repainted, new curtains hung by the windows. For the first time the kitchen's atmosphere felt warm and inviting. Charlie and Sue were mildly surprised when Bella passed over the scrambled eggs and bacon in favor of oatmeal and nonfat milk. Her friends didn't even bat an eyelash as they were already used to her newly adopted eating habits. Bella covertly observed Sue and Charlie's interact. The little smiles, the gentle hand pats. They were like an old married couple, content and settled. She wanted that for them. Her father had come a long way over the past year. He still had trouble believing that the Cullens were all vampires. Bella had confessed everything to him soon after his hasty arrival in Hanover. She'd left out the werewolf involvement as much as she could. He'd experienced a multitude of emotions; from disbelief to shock and then finally wary acceptance. The vein in his forehead had begun to throb dangerously when it dawned on him that he almost had a vampire for a son-in-law. He'd been understandably angry at her for endangering her life and then lying to him about it. But his anger had rapidly dissipated once he took another look at her frail body. "Where's Seth?" Bella inquired, sprinkling raisins on her oatmeal. "Still asleep. He got in late last night." Sue commented vaguely and Bella interpreted that to mean Seth was exhausted from late night patrol. "Sounds like somebody had a hot date." Ryan grinned and Liz wrinkled her nose when he went back to shoveling eggs into his mouth. "He was most likely working late." Charlie took a long drink of coffee before setting it down beside his plate. "I didn't know Seth had a job." Bella seemed genuinely surprised. "We talked about it a couple of days ago. Don't you remember?" Charlie frowned in concern and all heads turned to look at her. "I must have forgotten," Bella murmured softly, dropping her gaze in embarrassment. "Yes… of course. You had a lot going on at the time." Charlie exchanged doleful glances with Taylor. An uncomfortable silence settled, until Sue mercifully spoke up. "Seth runs a small garage down on the res." Her words hung in the air. Seth ran his own garage? Bits and pieces of that conversation with Charlie began to float back to her. Charlie had cosigned a business loan with Seth, enabling him to open his own garage five months ago. Once upon a time, Jacob had wanted to open his own garage. She wondered if he worked with Seth and then quickly shoved those thoughts out of her mind. He'd made it clear that he didn't want to have anything to do with her. Besides, thoughts about Jacob Black always seemed to have a terrible effect on her temper. After breakfast they into the living room to catch up. Ryan and Liz did most of the talking when Sue steered the conversation toward their recent graduation. Eventually Bella began to withdraw from the discussion happening around her and gazed out the window. She had nothing to contribute because she didn't graduate. Across the room, Charlie joined Taylor as he leaned against the wall, observing Bella. "How is she doing?" Charlie kept his voice low so Bella wouldn't be able to overhear their conversation. He had been so worried about her these past few months. Ever since Taylor called him up out of the blue, saying that Bella needed him, his blood pressure had been through the roof. He never imagined how much heartache fatherhood would bring him. "She says she's fine." Taylor lifted a shoulder in a