Chapter 1 Author's Note: I swear that this one is going to be short, four chapters at most. WARNING: there's some explicit-ish slash in here. So don't read it if you're not into that. I would think that that was fairly obvious, but don't want flames. Another note: This is AU and non-canon, just like all of my stories Things were finally winding down; it was finally almost over. Sauron had been defeated and while there were a few minor battles every couple days, the result was known. The Last Alliance had triumphed against all odds. Now, most elves were of two minds. They were glad, overjoyed even, that the war had been won, but they harbored some sadness for all the lives that the war had claimed, both Men and Elves. In most elves, the joy by far outweighed the sorrow. But for some the sorrow was too great for even the word of Sauron's defeat to comfort them. Especially among this number were those who had been close to Gil-Galad. There was another, though, who was missing and presumed dead. It was one of Gil-Galad's younger advisors, a half-elf called Elrond. None had seen him fall, but similarly, none had seen him alive since the end of this last (or nearly last) battle. Elrond, while not as well known as his master, still had enough concerned friends that a small gathering was held to mourn his presumed passing. Among these mourners, two were especially prominent, but for two radically different reasons. The first of these was Glorfindel of Gondolin, famed warrior and Balrog-slayer. He had been Elrond's protector ever since he had been returned to Arda, and personally blamed himself for allowing Elrond to be killed. Though he was prominent for his old life's worth of fame, he was also known as Elrond's sometimes lover and adoring partner. Both had planned on returning to Imladris together after this was over, perhaps as lovers, but just as likely only friends. None who knew the two faulted their love. Both deserved more happiness than their individual lives had granted them; maybe they would be able to find more happiness together. The second was a very quiet elf. Few knew him, and that was fine by him. He was Erestor, Elrond's best friend since childhood. Though he was a skilled warrior, he was a more renowned scholar and poet. His looks were so similar to those of Elrond, and his patterns of thinking echoed Elrond's nearly exactly, that more than once he had been sent to a meeting in Elrond's stead, and few (if any) knew that any switch had occurred. The two elves were friends, but only in that they both knew and cared about Elrond. Erestor disliked Glorfindel's brash manner and Glorfindel couldn't stand Erestor's occasional fits of timidity. Still, on Elrond's insistence, they had slowly become closer to each other. Now they could stand to be in each other's company, which was a vast improvement on their initial meeting. Glorfindel knew that he was expected to act strong; that was his personality, and that was what he was famous for. That didn't change the fact that he wanted to find a corner to break down in to cry. Even one as famous as him for calm competence needed to be able to let go, just for a little while. Only there was no one in whom he could confide. Elrond had always been that elf. So he wandered among the other elves. They all smelled of battle and death, blood and sweat. None cared, though. It was a stench that they had all become immune to through long exposure. Some were recounting the battle; it made Glorfindel faintly sick to his stomach to do that. He made very little conversation, but thankfully, no one really expected him to. He could only stand so much of this gathering though, and made his excuses less than an hour after it began. Erestor was watching Glorfindel make his way through the other elves. He felt like doing the same, but felt, that for the sake of Elrond's memory, that he was obligated to linger here a little longer. His grief was hard to contain. He had known Elrond since the two were very young, and it was almost as if he had lost his other half. The emptiness that encompassed him was deathly and terrible. It was all he could do not to collapse. Everyone seemed to sense this and so did not press him into conversation. For that much, at least, he could be grateful. When he noticed that his hands had begun to shake with the effort of containing grief, he decided that it was time to leave. Then a light hand pressed down on his shoulder. Though the touch was barely feather-light, Erestor nearly collapsed beneath its weight. A strong arm wrapped its way around Erestor's shoulders, supporting him completely. It did not take long for Erestor to realize who this had to be. "What do you want, Haldir?" He heard, to his immense displeasure, that his voice was shaking. Taking a deep, calming breath, he pulled away from Haldir's half-embrace and turned to face the older elf. "I wanted to make sure that you were okay," said Haldir softly, kindly. "It seemed that you were ready to collapse…and I apparently walked over at just the right moment. Let's sit down…or get out of here. This air is going to stifle you soon. I don't think that you really want to deal with all these people right now, do you?" Erestor found no fault with Haldir's arguments, save one. More than anything, he would like to be able to leave here. Only he would prefer to do it alone. Haldir had always been a good friend to him, but Haldir didn't understand how deeply his emotions regarding Elrond ran. Elrond was like a brother to him, his closest friend, his soulmate in all but the most sexual of ways. They had hugged, kissed even, but there had never been anything further than that. Their souls were more entwined than any lovers', they needed no sexual quality to their relationship to make it last. Their intimacy was of a much more spiritual nature. "I will be fine, Haldir," he finally managed to say. Not intending rudeness, but nevertheless just needing to be alone, he walked away from Haldir and away from the crowd of people. Walking under the stars, breathing the fresh air, did wonders for his nerves. He found his feet steering him towards Glorfindel's tent, for some unknown reason. Erestor would count Glorfindel as a friend, but he did not feel that Glorfindel, though he had known Elrond well, was one that Erestor could really talk to. He had a hopelessly warrior-like mentality. Erestor couldn't imagine what Elrond had seen in him. Still, he found his hand rising to rap lightly on the wood outside to signal his approach. "Go away," said a reasonably steady voice. Erestor, though, could detect faint tremors in it. He walked in anyway. No conscious thought was guiding him at this point. He did this at times; allowed his subconscious to do with him as it pleased. It was easier to block out emotions that way. And there were certainly enough things that he wanted to block out right now. "It's just me, Glorfindel." "What do you want, Erestor?" Erestor was at a loss for words. His subconscious had not prepared him for that. Almost, he retreated from the tent. But, deep down, he knew that this elf was the only one whose emotions regarding Elrond ran as deeply as his. Feeling like an idiot (which was rare), he managed to say, "I wanted to be with someone who understands what I'm feeling right now." Glorfindel nodded in understanding. Elrond and Erestor had often seemed as if they shared a soul and a mind, split into two bodies. He imagined that Erestor was mourning Elrond's passing even more than he was. "I fear that I make poor company this night, Erestor." Still acting on instinct, he walked forwards and wrapped his arms around Glorfindel in a tight embrace. Glorfindel understood; Erestor was giving him a chance to let his feelings out. Though he would have never thought it possible, he found himself crying on Erestor's shoulder. When the sobs subsided, he looked up into Erestor's blue-gray eyes, so like Elrond's. Before Erestor really knew what he was doing, he had leaned forward and kissed Glorfindel. Glorfindel pulled away in surprise. Erestor had never shown any interest in him before, in fact, had done his best to radiate polite disgust at all times. Then he realized that this wasn't above love, or even lust. This was about forgetting. "Are you sure you want this?" he asked. When he saw Erestor nod, he smiled softly and kissed Erestor. His arms tightened around Erestor's waist, and he began to pull Erestor back towards his bed (as it were; it was truly no more than a collection of a few blankets and pillows). At this point, Erestor pulled away a little and looked at the ground. "I have never…this is…" Glorfindel smiled at Erestor's inability to find the right words. "This is your first time with a male?" he asked gently, his smile broadening when he saw Erestor nod and a faint pink blush stain his otherwise pale cheeks. "I'll be gentle…I'll make this good for you." He kissed Erestor again. Unlike the other time, Erestor really responded this time, his tongue invading and exploring Glorfindel's mouth. Glorfindel let Erestor amuse himself with that while he concentrated on getting at least some of their clothes off. He managed to get Erestor's shirt off before Erestor bowed his head, resting it against Glorfindel's collarbone. "I'm scared, Glorfindel. What's going to happen to all of us…now that Elrond's gone? What will we do?" Glorfindel lifted Erestor's head up and kissed him on the forehead. "Tomorrow, we worry about picking up the pieces. Tonight, it's just the two of us. There are no problems, no worries, no doubts. Just you and me." He began kissing a delicate trail down Erestor's face, to nip lightly at his neck and run his tongue across Erestor's collarbone. It was about then that Erestor's hands searchingly roamed under Glorfindel's shirt, finally managing to remove it. Glorfindel then had a small victory; he managed to steer them onto the bed. He let Erestor lie on top of him, not wanting the younger elf to be intimidated. Erestor had to be absolutely comfortable with this or they would never get anywhere. He amused himself by toying with Erestor's nipples and watching Erestor's reactions. This foreplay did not last very long. This wasn't about love. Glorfindel's hands cautiously wandered down to the lacings of Erestor's leggings. Erestor made no protest at all, so Glorfindel unlaced them and slipped them off. Erestor was hard and needy, thrusting into Glorfindel's warm hand. "Not yet, mellon," whispered Glorfindel enticingly, freeing himself from his own leggings. Now he rolled on top of Erestor. Fear immediately surfaced in the darkening eyes. "I won't hurt you, Erestor," he promised. And indeed, he had no intention of doing so. To calm Erestor's fears, he kissed Erestor hard while reaching down to stroke him lightly. Erestor moaned and Glorfindel felt Erestor relax a little. Glorfindel reached out blindly, not wanting to leave the comfort of these blankets and Erestor lying beneath him, trying to find the oil. It proved elusive. Of course. Glorfindel mumbled something unintelligible under his breath and sat up, eliciting a small moan of disapproval from Erestor. "I have to find something," said Glorfindel, reluctantly getting up. Of course, once he stood up, the oil immediately presented itself to him. Snatching it up, he returned to his former position. This, for some reason, seemed to resume their foreplay (not that Glorfindel was really complaining). Erestor took his time on a lengthy