Life Is Like A Rollercoaster. Full Sum: H.G's life was always a steady ride, but soon it's turned into a rollercoaster when out of the blue his real parents turn up, he along with his family will have to move from America to England, a psychopathic madman is after him, and a certain pureblood blonde won't stop staring at him! You better hold on Harrison Gibbs Granger, because your rollercoaster is taking a few twists and spins. WARNINGS: Wrong-Boy-Who-Lived Twin Potters Alive Potter Parents Swearing Battling Blood Slash (Meaning Male/Male) Different and independent Harry (Harrison) Different Hermione Different and little bit smarter Ron Potter Bashing and maybe others And other things Pairings: James/Lily Mark (Mr. Granger)/Jean (Mrs. Granger) Ron/Hermione Draco/Harry (Harrison) Sirius/Remus Maybe Others… I DO NOT own H.P; I do however own this F.F plot :D Chapter 1: H.G Granger -x-x- " Are you okay?" asked a soft child's voice as the doorway to the cupboard under the stairs opened up. He shielded his eyes as the light from out there enter the small closed space. He sniffled a few times and backed away into the cupboard as he noticed a young girl around his age, one he had never seen before, stood at the doorway. " Why are you crying?" she asked in concern as she moved a bit closer, he bit his bottom lip but didn't say a word to the girl. He then watched as she moved into the cupboard all the way and slowly close the door, the light from the outside began to disappear as she got onto her knees and he finally spoke "W-Who are you? Why are you here?" Even though the light was very dim in the cupboard, he could see the young girl, who had bushy brown hair, smile softly and said "My name is Hermione. Hermione Granger and I'm here because my parents and I want to have a little brother…" -x-x- "Harrison Gibbs Granger! Wake up, it's the last day of school and I will not allow you to miss it!" yelled a voice as the door to his room was burst open, the owner of the voice was a young pretty woman, she had long brown hair that curved nicely down her back, she also had light brown eyes, her skin was a nice cream color, her body was on the small side but nicely made, curves in all the right places. She was currently yelling at the young man who jerked up from her yell and as the lights in his room turned on. "Mione!" the young man yelled back while he rubbed both of his eyes with a hand as he tried to get used to the light in his room, the young man yawned before saying very annoyed "Mione why'd you wake me up? I was having a great dream." Hermione Jean Granger, nicknamed Mione, raised an eyebrow at her little brother and said as she crossed her arms "As I said before Harrison, it's the last day of school and I will not allow you to miss it. And for the last time, stop calling me that." Her eyes narrowed as she stared down Harrison as he rose from his bed, as if daring him to say he was going to miss it or daring to call her that name. Harrison Gibbs Granger, was a young man with raven black hair that went pass his shoulders and hugged his face neatly but at the same time it was wild, it always had a look of 'just kissed and sexed up' way to it or at least that's what most of the students at their school liked to call his look, it was long enough to reach his shoulders. His skin was a beautiful peach color and he was a bit on the short side for a guy but was as tall as his sister. But the thing that most people remember about Harrison was his eyes, the color it held would make people stop and gasp, a beautiful emerald green that seemed to glow and shine whenever the boy was happy. He then pouted out soft pink lips as he whined out "Mione, how many times have I told you to stop calling me Harrison. You're not a teacher you're my sister and you call me what everyone else calls me, H.G!" Hermione rolled her eyes at her brother said a bit annoyed "Harrison, I will never understand why you made up those nicknames nor will I properly ever will but come on and hurry up. Mom and dad are waiting with breakfast, mom has three appointments and dad has a root canal today so we need to hurry up so they can drop us off at the Station and so we can Floo to school as soon as possible. Or do you want to walk alone again to the Station and nearly be late to school?" H.G rolled his eyes this time and said finally admitting defeat "Okay, okay, I'm getting up…" Hermione smirked at him before turning around and leaving his room. H.G pouted as his sister left but sighed soon enough and got ready to go downstairs. As he quickly got ready and dressed, H.G finished tieing his hair into a ponytail and putting his contacts in his eyes as he stood in front of the mirror in his room, he blinked a few times to adjust the contacts into place, he had paused for a moment and smiled at his reflection. H.G liked being able to see without the aid of glasses, he had asked his parents if he could get contacts during his third year due to the fact he was on the soccer team and didn't want them to keep falling off whenever he ran across the field. His smiled faultered though when he remembered those old round glasses he hardly never wore anymore and what they made him remember. Those glasses reminded him of when he was that naive little boy from a long time ago. It had been years since the day he became Harrison Gibbs Granger, he wasn't always a Granger. No he once was a Potter believe it or not; his name was once Harry James Potter and he once lived in an orphanage until he was seven and was adopted by the Grangers, he had been left there by his real parents when he had turned two. Harry did not remember his biological parents at all, and perhaps, in his opinion, it was for the best. H.G did not like the Potters, not one bit. At first when he was little he believed his parents were poor so they couldn't take care of him, and that was why they gave him up to a Muggle Orphanage or they both died but loved no matter what. Though those thoughts of his real family somewhere out there didn't stop him from wanting to become a part of someone's family, and one day he meet the Grangers. They came to make Hermione an older sister of a little brother, turns out his soon to be mother had trouble after having Hermione and it caused to no longer be able to bare children, and were going to look at the babies when Hermione had walked away because she felt something calling her and then overheard H.G crying under the Orphanages staircase cupboard after a few of the older kids messed with him again and called him a freak because strange things always happened around him. Hermione had joined him in the cupboard and softly asked if he was alright, and why was he crying. H.G didn't know if he could trust her but soon asked her what her name was and why she was there, she told him she was there because she and her family wanted a little brother. After a bit, Hermione asked him again and this time H.G told her. When he was done he could see Hermione understood what it like, turns out Hermione was teased at her own school because she was a know-it-all and the same weird things happened around her. They talked forever in the cupboard under the stairs but stopped when Hermione's parents and the really nice caretaker of the Orphanage were looking for her in panic. They both emerged out of the cupboard and Hermione was instantly hugged attacked by their parents before they scowled her a bit for wondering off like that. The caretaker was bit surprised to see both him and Hermione together but she didn't ask when she had noticed he had been crying again and knew why. As soon as their parents were done scowling her, they asked her who her friend was. Hermione had grinned the widest grin she had ever done in her life, and before anyone could say anything, Hermione proudly proclaimed "His name is Harry and he's going to be my little brother!" Hermione was dead set on having him as her little brother despite his protest in the beginning of it all. Hermione's and his parents tried to see if she was sure and she was. Both his parents were unsure at first at having a seven year old boy and not a baby like they planned, but after spending time with H.G they fell in love with him and vice versa. He was always such a unique boy, even back then; he was kind, sweet, shy, soft-spoken, and bright child. After his adoption, and with him and his family moving to America a year later after Hermione's and now H.G's bully problems especially with a boy named Dudley who always called them freaks got way out of hand, H.G believed one day he was going to go back to England and find his real parents or at least find out what happened to them, so to honor them he kept the name the Orphanage told him was written on the letter only it was Harry James Potter-Granger. He loved both his real and adopted parents. Then everything he believed and made up since he was little came crashing down when he found out the truth. It started a few days before his eleventh birthday, a woman in her forties who was dressed like a business lady came to their home, just by looking at her it was easy to tell she was a teacher and something more than just that, both Hermione and H.G could sense it. His mom and dad were stunned by the woman and was confused when she asked if she could come in, at first they didn't want to let her in but both him and Hermione told them to let her in, saying she could be trusted and that she was a good person. Their parents allowed it because they knew that their kids was good with their 'feelings' as they liked to call it. After the woman entered, she asked if everyone who lived in the house could be placed in the living room for a private conversion. They did as they were asked and all of them sat down in the living room, after a few seconds of silence, his mother had asked her what was going on and who was she. She said her name was Elisa Ailith, and she was the Headmistress of a very 'private' school for gifted children who had came to invite both Hermione and H.G to attend it. At first none of the Grangers understand why Mrs. Ailith was telling them these but thought maybe it was because of Hermione's smarts though they weren't sure on why their son was also being invited, his grades were only a slightly above average for a kid his age and that was only after Hermione would tutor him, so it confused them a bit. When they asked why, Mrs. Ailith said that both Hermione and H.G were more than just normal children; she said they were magical