A/N PLEASE READ This is an idea that's been playing on my mind for a while now. I was going to at least finish part one of Will It Ever End before I posted this but there's only 10 more chapters left of that story so I thought I'd get a head start on the next one. Basically, I've played around with the relationships a bit; this fic will be longer and slightly darker than my others which is why I've upped the rating. It wont be too explicit but its better to be safe than sorry. I WILL WARN WHEN A CHAPTER HAS SLIGHTLY TORTUROUS SCENES IN IT so just keep an eye out for that announcement. Other than that, I don't think there's anything else other than "Don't worry, I love blackinnon." Just remember to keep that in mind. Disclaimer - THIS IS NOT MINE! EXCEPT MAYBE PARTS OF THE PLOT... AND THE ODD CHARACTER...BUT APART FROM THAT IT'S ALL JO'S Xx Song Lyrics: Broken Glass - Jack Savoretti Broken Glass Chapter One: 27th August 1976 "Broken glass on the floor by my bed, Lying next to books I've never even read." Lily sat in Marlene's back garden, breathing in the smell of freshly cut grass and cooking food in the evening warmth. The sun was beginning to dip lower towards the horizon but the air was humid, just the occasional breeze to cool the five girls all hanging around the smoking BBQ. Lily's long red hair hung down over the back of her chair and the book she had been reading was lying on her lap, her fingers lodged between the pages marking her progress. "I've got burgers, sausages and bread," Marlene stood over the barbeque wielding a long pronged fork dangerously. Her blonde curls were pulled back from her freckled face in a ponytail and she wore a light blue checked shirt which matched her blue eyes perfectly. She grinned at them all, showing the dimples in her cheeks and waved the threatening instrument in the air happily. "Ladies, would you place your orders?" "Shotgun the burger," Dorcas Meadowes said instantly. She sat up straight as Marlene handed her a paper plate and pulled her brown hair over one shoulder before turning and adding "pass the bread, Al." Alice Prewett, the smallest member of their group with a pixie face and short, spiky hair chucked a bun at her friend with surprisingly good aim. It hit Dorcas in the face and everyone except Lily snorted with laughter. Mary McDonald, tall and sarcastic, with cropped, wavy strawberry blonde hair looked up at Marlene. "I'll take the sausage," she said with just the tiniest hint of suggestiveness to her voice. "With extra sauce," she added, waggling her eyebrows. Marlene laughed and squirted way too much sauce over the two sausages. "You can always go back for seconds," she told Mary who winked back. Marlene then spun to face Lily, "what do you fancy Red?" "Burger would be nice thank you," Lily said quietly. Marlene sent her an encouraging smile as she handed her the plate. Lily was grateful for the kindness Marlene had shown her these past few weeks because she still didn't feel completely at ease with the other Gryffindor sixth year girls. This was mainly due to the fact that she'd always devoted all her time to hanging out with Severus before now. It had been nearly two months since their last conversation outside the Fat Lady's portrait in June and Lily had found herself faced with the task of having to form stronger bonds with the girls or risk spending the last two years of Hogwarts alone. Not that she was reluctant to do so; it was refreshing to have some female company and it was much more fun than hanging out with Severus had been but it was daunting still, even after spending the majority of the holidays with them, to enter on this group of fully formed friendships so late in the game because she'd never made the effort before. Before her, the dynamics had been obvious to everyone; Marlene and Mary were as close as sisters and did nearly everything together – they even dated the Prewett twins Fabian and Gideon. Dorcas and Alice were the other pair; they were the complete opposite of each other but seemed to click. Lily was plainly the outsider but they had accepted her graciously with Marlene's encouraging. "You know, I'm actually looking forward to going back to school," Marlene mused as she finished off her food and chucked the paper plate onto the table. "If anything, just to go back to eating that amazing food those legendary house-elves cook up." "I was under the impression it was so you could see that hot boyfriend of yours," Dorcas said bluntly. "When did they get back from Brazil?" At the mention of Fabian, Marlene shifted uncomfortably in her seat but her face remained easy as she said, "they get back tomorrow." Dorcas sighed wistfully and shook her head, not seeming to have noticed the change in Marlene's demeanour. "I don't know how you two snapped them up so quickly; they're nearly on the same level as Black." Lily definitely noticed Marlene's lips thin this time. "Sirius Black is arrogant, which instantly makes him lower down than Fabian." Dorcas blinked and raised her hands in surrender, "okay, okay, I was just making a point." "Have you heard from James at all this summer?" Alice said, quickly changing the subject. Marlene paused, still frowning. "A bit," she said finally. "He's been quite quiet this summer, although he's written loads to Red, hasn't he?" Lily sighed in exasperation. True enough, she'd received many letters from her unwanted admirer. She had even replied to a couple, hoping he might be satisfied and grow bored but no, of course that had only fuelled him in his conquest. Out loud, she just said "Potter doesn't seem to understand the meaning of 'leave well alone'." "Of course he doesn't!" Mary laughed. "He always seems to get exactly what he wants...well, except you, that is." She shot a look at Lily who shrugged, grimacing. "I bet he's Quidditch Captain this year," Alice stated confidently. "He is," both Marlene and Lily said at the same time. Everyone except Marlene looked at Lily with raised eyebrows, obviously inquiring to know how Lily had heard this information. Lily shrugged uncomfortably, "It was in one of his letters to me – I don't know, the information must have stuck somehow." "What other revelation do you have for us?" Dorcas asked curiously but Lily could tell she was being mocked slightly. "Nothing –" "Tell them Lily," Marlene said seriously, actually using her proper name other than 'Red' – which was what she'd been calling Lily all summer. Lily sighed heavily and looked at everyone's intrigued faces. "I'm going to try to be nice to Potter this year." Now all the stares turned incredulous. "James Potter?" Alice asked slowly as if trying to affirm it. "You're going to be nice to James Potter?" Lily nodded, trying to look more confident than she actually felt. She didn't want to tell them the real reason she'd decided this. The girls often hung around with the marauders – they were in the same year, same house. Marlene and Potter had known each other practically all their lives and considered each other family and Lily had also heard that Dorcas had been corresponding with Remus Lupin, one of the four. In order to fit in properly, Lily needed to make an attempt to not get irritated by their ringleader. She hoped this would be a slightly easier feat considering she was no longer friends with Severus, but she still expected it to be a challenge. "Alright," Dorcas said, exchanging a look with Alice. "If you're sure about it, what harm comes from trying, right?" "Exactly," Marlene said encouragingly. "I think it's really good that you're going to try and be the bigger person in this...little feud." "I don't think it's ever been 'little', Mars," Mary said humorously. "I was paraphrasing!" Marlene shot back, sending her friend a look that clearly said she wasn't being helpful. That was when their party was crashed by two unwelcome visitors. "Wide awake in this mess that I've made Everything I've taken, You're the one who paid." James could honestly say he had no intention of crashing Marlene's evening barbeque party until Sirius had nagged him into it. The thought of what Marlene might do to him if she was unhappy with their arrival kept him arguing his point for a good twenty minutes but eventually he gave in, knowing that Sirius was never going to back down and that his best mate was in need of constant distractions after he'd turned up on James's doorstep at the beginning of summer, beaten and bruised. He'd already bought a motorbike and had disappeared for days on end and James was not keen to repeat that phase. A distraction in the form of Marlene McKinnon's endless bickering was what Sirius appeared to need, so that's how he found himself outside Marlene's front door. "Maybe we shouldn't, Pads," he said cautiously, stopping Sirius from knocking on the door. Sirius snorted and pulled his arm from James's grip. "Don't be such a pussy, Prongs – McKinnon will love it. Plus a little birdie told me Evans is in there." He reached up and rapped his knuckles against the red-painted wood before James could protest. The door opened and Nathaniel McKinnon stood on the threshold, looking down at them with his usual disapproving face that James knew was directed mostly at Sirius. Marlene's older brother was a year above them in Ravenclaw. He was very similar to Marlene in looks, less so in character. Both had golden curls and shockingly blue eyes with round faces covered in freckles. However, based on personality, James knew Marlene would always top Nathan. She was bubbly and open whereas Nathan was the ideal Ravenclaw; studious and not very witty. "Black, Potter," he greeted them cautiously. "Marlene's got friends over so –" "Yes, that'll be us," Sirius interrupted, sidestepping Nathan into the house, ignoring the older boy's protests and heading for the glass doors that led to the back garden. Unwilling to be left alone with an angry Nath who was grinding his teeth so hard, James could actually hear them, he sent him an apologetic look and hurried after Sirius, towards the smell of burgers. "For fuck's sake!" Marlene was already annoyed by the time he got there. She was standing in front of Sirius and brandishing a large and dangerous looking utensil inches from his face although he looked not the least bit intimidated and was smirking at her. "Why are you two here?" James shot her a sheepish grin, "surprise!" he said weakly. Marlene huffed loudly and turned away, gesturing towards the leftover food. "I guess you're hungry," she said grudgingly. "Help yourselves, we're done eating." Sirius grinned triumphantly and sprang towards the food, exclaiming happily "and that is why I love you McKinnon!" Marlene shot him a scowl, "whatever Black." "Don't let her boyfriend hear you say that," Mary added quietly. James, who hadn't thought much of this comment, was surprised to see Sirius shoot a glare in Mary's direction and even more when Marlene shuffled her feet uncomfortably, almost like she was finding the situation very awkward. James pursed his lips and said nothing. Whatever problems Marlene and Fabian were having, James was staying far out of it. He just hoped Sirius had the same sense to do so as well. Relationships could get real messy when a third party got involved. In the meantime however, James got slightly side-tracked as he caught sight of a flash of fiery-red hair that he knew instantly belonged to Lily Evans. Without a second glance, he left Sirius to go and throw himself into what appeared to be