"James Potter," James said, shaking hands with the girl to his right. "Lily Evans," she replied with a smile. "Hey, Evans," James drawled. "What?" Lily stood poised as if she were frozen in time, her books in arm, caught unawares around a corner. James laughed, and pointed towards a scrawny brown-haired boy sitting slumped in the corner. "Care to take a hit?" Lily gasped. "James! How could you! He's just an innocent boy! What are you doing?" She dropped her books and rushed to help the poor child. "Oh, Merlin, he's got a broken leg - Professor McGonagall!" The witch came hurrying to his aid, while James, Sirius, and Peter stood sheepishly in the corner. Remus was nowhere to be seen. "James - Potter!" Lily spat viciously, whirling around. "There, see, you've done it! You sent a student to the hospital wing!" "Well, to be fair, he was just asking for it standing around alone like that-" "Potter!" She yelled, and in a blink of an eye, she had smacked him across the face, leaving James reeling and blinking dizziness away. By the time he had come to his senses, all that remained was a flash of red hair and his pain. "Look, Evans, I'm sorry-" "Sorry doesn't cut it!" Lily shrieked. "How many students have you sent to the hospital wing, Potter? How many?" James shifted uncomfortably in his robes. "Well-" "At least ten!" Lily burst out. "That's ten innocent children you hurt intentionally for no reason! Why would you even do such a thing?" "Will you calm down?" James yelled, throwing his arms up in frustration. "They weren't your friends, or anything! Why does it matter what happens to them?" "James Potter!" Lily seethed. "I'm never speaking to you again!" She stomped off in a storm of anger and red hair. James gave a heavy breath, and went to find his friends. "Remus! You shut up now!" Lily laughed. "I don't fancy him! No one does! He's a nasty rat-faced toerag !" "Well, if you put it that way," Remus replied, clicking his pen, "it makes him look positively awful," "He is! Bloody Potter Remus! I don't see how you can stand him," "He's not that bad…" "Yes he is!" "Lily, if you compare him to Snape…" Lily paused, at a loss for words. Mildly disturbed, Remus turned his head to gaze at her stiffened form. "Severus is… Different," she finally replied. "He's not…" "Lily, what's wrong?" She hesitated, and buried her face in her arms. "He called me a mudblood…," she muttered. "He what? Lily-" Remus sighed, stroking her hair as the sniffles began. "Come on, it's ok…" "Severus, how could you?" Lily snapped. "I - I thought you were different!" "I am!" Snape stood stiffly, his face impassive. "Then why would you even say that?" She shouted, a faint sob tainting her words. "I thought you were so much better than this! Does it make any difference being a muggle-born?" "No, it doesn't make any difference -" Severus began. "Then why do you care?" She shrieked. "Why does it even matter? Why does the word, that word, even exist?" "I - it might have some uses…" "What uses? It's just a stupid term made up by some great pure-blooded wizard that thought he was better because he was pure-blooded!" "..yes, that is true, but -" "And now it's just a word used by people like Avery and Mulciber and now you!" "What's wrong with those people?" Severus demanded. "They're my friends!" "Yes, but they also hate muggle-borns and I even heard that they started trying to do Dark Arts! Severus - wait," Lily whipped around and glared intensely at her friend. "Are you… doing Dark Arts too?" The boy shifted uncomfortably in his robes. "Well it could be useful sometime if something bad happens…" "Are you going to become a Death Eater?" Lily's voice was low, quiet, and deadly, like a python ready to strike. "Um…" "Well, are you?" She demanded. "I mean, it can't be that horrible, can it…?" "Severus!" Lily yelled. "I can't believe that you, you of all people - you know what, forget it. I'm never talking to you again," she shouldered her bag, picked up her books, and began to leave. Severus stood silently until she had almost reached the doorway. Then, he snapped. "But why must you see everything as if it's all just the worst thing possible? You always do that! It doesn't matter what it is, if it even seems remotely bad, you label it as evil!" "But they are!" she snarled. "And you-I never would have thought it would be you! I thought you were different from other Slytherins, Severus, but here you go and act like bloody Potter!" "I am not Potter you filthy mudblood!" Severus roared. He stopped, realizing his mistake. "Lily-" He started, but it was too late. Lily gave him one last look, one filled with anger, confusion, and maybe even a little remorse, before turning on her heel and promptly slamming the door shut. She was gone. Severus slowly moved towards a chair and sat down to place his head in his hands. He had made a terrible mistake… "Sirius - is that Snape ?" James suddenly said. "Uh, I-I think so," Sirius stammered nervously. "But I'm not sure it might be someone else-" "Sirius, that's Snape! Sirius!" The boy gave a strangled groan, and ran off towards the figure ahead, tripping and stumbling as he went, until he morphed into a large black dog. A moment passed, and James began making his way in the direction of Severus. He watched in horror as a mangled howl ripped through the hallway, and a large, hairy figure appeared at the door frame. "No, no, NO! Snape! Remus - RUN!" He screamed. Panicking, he sprinted towards the figures frantically running towards the exit. "Snape! What are you doing - how - get out of here!" "Your idiot friend told me to look!" Severus snarled. "And that werewolf - it's Lupin isn't it?" "No, no, no - look out!" James lunged towards the werewolf as he leapt for Severus, and roughly shoved the beast aside, where both werewolf and boy fell with a sickening crunch. James sprang off the snarling animal and winced as he tried to get up. His left arm hung limply by his side. Cursing, he hauled the other boy up and whipped out his wand to cast a thin, haggard shield around them before both students made a wild dash for the exit. Another howl, and Remus tore through the weak defense, hurtling towards the wizards up ahead. Sirius ran madly after him barking and whining in alarm. But, however hard he tried, Sirius couldn't catch up to the werewolf. The pair sped through the tunnel, bumping walls and tripping on multiple questionable objects on the ground. "I should have known!" Severus hissed. "Lupin-" "You shut up about this," James whirled around and cast another thin barrier behind them. "Not one word about this, Snape. Not one word," They burst out of the ground, and slammed the opening shut just barely in time. Outside, although both boys were drenched in sweat, neither was willingly to succumb to their exhaustion and rest. After a full minute of silence (aside from the numerous growls, snarls, and howls coming from behind them), Snape fixed his robes and began striding down the path back to the dorms. "Potter, if you think the Ministry will not hear about this-" "You are in my debt , Snape. I saved your life. You better shut up," There was a moment of silence, and then the sound of feet scuffing a dirt path. "I do not owe you," Severus growled. "You merely repaid the debt of bringing me here in the first place," James gave a snarl of frustration and clapped his hands to his face. A girl with a full head of red hair sits with her head in her arms in the corner of the Gryffindor common room. She has been hiding there the entire day, and none of her friends have so much as seen a blink of her. Now it is almost bedtime, and students are heading up to their dorms to sleep. None of them notice her, because of the Notice-Me-Nots she has cast around the area. The room clears, and she is alone again. An hour or so passes. James Potter enters the room. He is clearly alert, and visibly agitated. He mumbles some rather unflattering things about Severus Snape and clutches his arm in pain. "That stupid prat. I swear, if he turns Remus in, I swear…" he collapses on the couch and pulls out his wand. Lily goes unnoticed. "What was that spell again? Episkey," he tried. It twitched, but his arm did not mend itself. Growling in frustration, he threw his wand down and lay angrily on the couch, muttering to himself. "I wish I had let Remus maul him," he huffs. "Remus probably would if Lily didn't care so much," In the corner, something shifts, and James is on his feet, wand in hand, in a flash. "Who's there?" He calls. "Show yourself!" He receives no answer. James squints into the darkness, and begins to turn away. " Homenum Revelio! " He suddenly says, and his wand tip shivers. "I know you're there," he hisses. "Come out!" "Go away," Lily's small voice, hoarse and broken, makes its appearance next to the bookshelf in the corner of the room. James starts. He wasn't expecting that. "Lily?" He asks softly. "Is that you?" "Go away, Potter. I don't like you," "I know that," he snaps, but lowers his voice at the sniffles. "Are you crying?" "No," "Yes you are," "Go away Potter," James points his wand at a red pillow sitting on the couch. " Wingardium Leviosa ," he murmurs, and levitates the pillow in the direction of the sniffles. A moment passes, and something in the corner flickers, and goes out. Lily's hunched form appears, hands around her knees, still in her robes, head buried in her arms. She hugs the pillow tightly to her chest. James slowly makes his way towards her, holding another pillow in his hand. Silently, he sits by her side, knees crossed, one arm still limp and lifeless. "Hey, now…" He murmurs. "It's ok…" "No it's not. Go away Potter," Lily mumbled. After a long while, James dared himself to scoot a little closer. The amount of noise it made seemed deafening compared to the muffled silence that filled the room. "Give me your wand," Lily whispered. "What?" James almost jumps at her voice, but obliges anyway. Lily takes it, and just barely raises her head. Her eyes are sullen, hollow, and puffy from the tears that had dripped out and streamed down her cheeks. "Ferula," Lily's voice was almost a sigh, barely a whisper, more like a tiny breeze rather than a voice. James's arm splinted itself, and Lily dropped the wand to bury her head back in her arms. Perhaps an hour later, James allowed himself to stroke her hair. Neither made a complaint when James came so close that he could have wrapped his arm around her. Late that night, three boys tiptoed into the Gryffindor common room, all three exhausted and ready to sleep. One of them had fresh scars that had been healed just minutes ago, and the other two still had their wands out. They were too tired to even put them away. They immediately noticed the pair sleeping in the corner, one leaning on the other, red hair almost covering the boy's face. The trio smiled, and almost forgetting their fatigue, brought in more pillows and an enlarged blanket. The next morning, the Gryffindors came downstairs to find James and Lily still sleeping besides the bookshelf in the corner. "Lily!" Remus ran through the hall to catch up to his red-headed friend. "I have something from James!" "Not