Tempus Fugit Hermione and Draco have been partners in Magical Law for three years, working with civil professionalism that has now become a surprising friendship. When their current case takes them down into the Department of Mysteries to follow a new lead, an unfortunate accident results in a series of trials they never dreamed they would have to endure. As a surprising adventure unfolds, their professional civility, and budding friendship, is tested to remarkable extremes as they try to find their way home. Slightly A/U, EWE, set approximately seven or eight years after the Battle of Hogwarts A/N: Hi guys, welcome to my new fic. I've had this story brewing for over a year and I've been writing little pieces of it here and there while working on my others. Quick DISCLAIMER (that covers the whole story): Obviously, I don't own this world or the main characters. This is story is based on the works of J.K. Rowling ...You know how it goes :) Enjoy xBx ~ Chapter I ~ "Harry!" Hermione Granger called out from the third floor landing of Grimmauld Place. "Where are you?" She had checked the kitchen, the first floor sitting room and drawing room, as well as his bedroom, but Harry Potter was simply nowhere to be found. Hermione was greatly confused, not to mention irritated: After his most recent mission with the Auror department Harry had returned severely injured and, while medi-wizards had patched him up well and good, he had been given a week's mandatory leave to recuperate. This being said, Harry wasn't one to just sit around and do nothing, and so he had been assigned – in an advisory capacity only – to the case Hermione and her partner were currently working on. Hermione had been working in Magical Law for five years, and had been partnered with Draco Malfoy for three. It had started out as a rather strenuous partnership, but the pair had soon discovered that they could work well as a team when they put their old differences behind them – and now they were one of the top investigative teams in their division. Of course, the pair still had their moments, and while they certainly no longer hated each other - one could even go so far as to call them friends - they could still argue like the worst of enemies. "Hermione?" Harry's voice drifted up from the floor below, and Hermione leaned over the railing to see his face peering out of the library. "There you are!" Hermione exclaimed, before moving down to join him. "I've been looking for you everywhere." "Everything all right?" Harry asked, limping ahead of Hermione into the room and re-taking his seat by the fire, elevating his leg onto a footstool. "New lead?" "Something like that," Hermione said, producing a roll of parchment from the inside pocket of her jacket. "We need information from the Department of Mysteries, and of course an unspeakable isn't going to give up anything without a warrant. So we need our Auror's signature." Harry took the parchment with a snort of derision. "Good luck getting information, even with a warrant," he joked, but signed the parchment regardless. Hermione sighed, "I know, it's a long shot. But it needs to be done," she said, taking back the parchment and returning it to her jacket. "Thanks. How are you enjoying house-rest?" "It's not too bad – a little tedious, but I have found a good book," Harry said, producing a thick volume from the table beside him, and holding it out for Hermione to see. " Piracy: The Golden Age, " Hermione read the title out loud, and was a little surprised by the topic of the material. "Really?" "It's fascinating," Harry countered with a shrug. "This book documents everything from the 1650's to the 1730's, it will certainly help pass the time. I've only just started, but so far it's rather gripping. Did you know, that when a pirate broke the ships code, they could be marooned on an island with a pistol, a couple of shots, powder and a bottle of water, sometimes rum? They never walked the plank either - that's a popular myth - it was easier to just throw them overboard." "No, I did not know that," Hermione grinned. "Well, I certainly won't discourage reading, and I look forward to more buccaneer facts this evening." "Don't you have a dinner with the girls, at the Burrow, tonight?" Harry reminded her. "Yes, I do. I'll be going straight from work, but I'll drop in later - catch you up with our progress. Speaking of: I should get back to the Ministry with this, before Malfoy sends out a search party – you know how impatient he can get." Harry laughed, "You must truly be a saint to put up with the guy – I don't know how you do it." "He's not too bad, once you get used to him," Hermione shrugged. "He's saved my skin just as many times as I've saved his. And he's changed - he's not the same boy we knew at school, you know that. I guess you could say we're friends now." "Friends?" Harry looked at her shrewdly. "Yeah, it's kind of hard not to be after working so long together. Even you enjoyed yourself when you've joined us for a drink after work, on a few occasions." "All right," Harry conceded. "But you are just friends right?" "Seriously?" Hermione frowned. "Are you actually asking if I'm sleeping with Malfoy? We're partners, that's all." Harry held up his hands in a gesture of surrender, "I'm sorry, but I had to ask. There's a tension between you two - and, you know, all the great couples started as partners. Mulder and Scully; Rabb and MacKenzie. Or how about Booth and Brennan, or even MerDer." Hermione looked at him, momentarily speechless, before giving her head a quick shake and laughing. "Okay, where to start?" Hermione said. "Firstly, I don't know how you got a TV to work in here, with all the magic, but it was a bad idea. Secondly, did you seriously just say MerDer?" Hermione couldn't resist a smirk as Harry jumped in defensively. "Don't judge me, you're here often enough watching with me. And MerDer are a cracking couple-" "I am not disputing that, but the fact you know the slang means you need to get back to work quickly - and technically they weren't actually partners, just collegues," Hermione teased. "As were Rabb and MacKenzie, come to think on it. And finally, they're fictional - Malfoy and I do not relate. And now I really have to go, because this conversation is getting far too weird; I'll see you later." Harry made a half-hearted grunt of dismissal, and waved Hermione off, as he went back to his book. Five minutes later, Hermione wound her way through the Ministry Atrium, briskly making her way from the fireplaces down to the lifts. When the golden grilles clanked open to expel her onto level nine she was met by Draco Malfoy who was leaning nonchalantly against the wall, twirling his wand. "About time, Curly." Draco drawled, though with none of his former hostility. "What did you do? Walk to Potter's, and back?" Hermione growled and narrowed her eyes; she hated that nick-name. "For the love of Merlin, Malfoy, stop calling me that! And I wasn't that long; I'm here now, let's get this over with," she said, leading him down the corridor. "How do we get in?" Draco asked, when they came to the door. It was closed tight, and with no handle there was no visible sign of how to open it. Hermione worried her lip: she hadn't been down to the Department of Mysteries once, since she had started working at the Ministry. "That is a good question," Hermione said. "I've only been here once before, and that time the door…just…opened," she finished lamely, thinking back to the days of Dumbledore's Army. "My, we're full of wisdom today, aren't we Granger?" Draco drawled. "We just walked purposefully toward it-" she remembered, speaking with conviction and ignoring Draco's jibe, "-or rather ran. And it opened, as if it sensed, and accepted, our belief that we were meant to be in there." "All right. Let's give it a go," Draco said after a second of reflecting, taking several steps back. If he'd learnt one thing since working with Hermione Granger, it was that she was almost always right. Almost. Before Hermione could stop him, Draco strode purposefully toward the door, but unlike many years ago the door didn't budge, and Draco smacked into it with a loud crack. Hermione bit back her laughter, but couldn't fully contain the snort as Draco turned and glared at her. "Anymore bright ideas?" he scowled, as if she had purposefully told him to do that. "And you can stop laughing right now." Hermione held up her hands in defence, "I'm not laughing," she told him, but the humour was clear in her voice. Draco was spared from replying as the door they were trying to get through opened from the inside, to reveal an unspeakable on the other side. "Mister Malfoy, Miss Granger. I've been expecting you." The unspeakable stepped aside and Hermione and Draco stepped over the threshold and into the same black circular room that Hermione had visited before. "The Minister sent a memo saying you wished to converse." "Yes," Hermione said, producing the signed warrant from her jacket, "I understand that the information you can give is limited, but we believe the department can help us with this case." "You are not wrong," the unspeakable agreed, with an air of maddening superiority. "I have reviewed the case of which you speak- " Draco rolled his eyes and gave a quiet scoff, and Hermione knew what he was thinking: No one was allowed to know what the Unspeakables did all day, but they had no problem nosing into every other departments' business as and when they liked. This double standard did not sit well with him. "- If any of us can help, I believe Payne is the one to turn to: he is currently working on something in the Time Room – I believe you are familiar with that room?" He added, looking rather darkly at Hermione. Hermione shuffled uncomfortably and mumbled something incoherent as the unspeakable closed the exit door and the room began to spin, taking Draco slightly by surprise and causing him to stumble with the dizzying disorientation. When the walls came to a stop the unspeakable declared " Tempus Cubiculum " in a commanding voice, and a door behind them sprang open, revealing the same room Hermione and her friends had visited in their impromptu extra-curricular visit they had embarked upon in their fifth year. "Payne is inside," the unspeakable gestured toward the open door, indicating that Hermione and Draco should proceed without him. "I have my own work to conduct, I trust you can find your own way out?" He addressed Hermione directly once again, giving her another cold look. "Our security measures upon entering have been upgraded, as you can imagine. But the exit procedure hasn't changed." Hermione grimaced and nodded curtly, before moving off into the time-room with Draco at her heels. "Something tells me he doesn't like you," Draco commented quietly as the door closed behind them, smirking good naturedly at her. "Probably has something to do with the mess I left behind on my last visit," Hermione said wryly. "It most definitely does," a voice joined in, from a desk at the end of the room. "I'm Fredrick Payne," he announced, rising from his seat, and moving around his workstation. "I've been reading over the case file, what is it you want to ask me?" "How did you get the case file?" Draco asked suspiciously. "That is irrelevant, and not what you are wanting to ask – erm, Miss Granger?"