Hello all! This is my first post. I hope you like this particular fan fiction, which is based on The Hunger Games, BEFORE Katniss and Peeta's adventure. The heroine of this story is a girl named Ivory Legend, (which is a name I may use in other fan fictions as well because I just love it!). It has chapters, but because I unfortunately do not have the time to create a fully fledged novel type fiction, chapters will be shorter and fewer than the average book. However, this will have a developed plotline, and I will continue, if it goes far. I understand that there may be some similarities between characters in this fiction to characters in the original book (for example, Ella developed into a Prim like character). Trust me, this will be very different in many ways. And however it may seem, Austin is NOT like Gale. If I continue the differences will become obvious. Hope you like it! CHAPTER 1 The water reflects stars, gazing down like a thousand gleaming eyes. I suppose once upon a happier time people loved the stars, and the night, like I do. Now that is not so. People hide from the stars. For nowadays there is no one and nothing to trust. Not even the ever watchful black carpet of night. The soft lining of my jacket, so pale a blue it is almost white, slides along the skin of my arms as I shrug it off. It drops into the lazily swaying grass. I glance in distaste at the delicate lace the jacket covered, black to blend into the sky, with a lining of sequins that gleam occasionally. It is a dress, long, tight and slightly translucent to show a form fitting sleeveless leotard. It is slightly worn and beat, but still in good condition, and obviously expensive. I think it used to be my mothers. The party wasn't worth it. I should never have dug the disgusting thing out. Without hesitation I reach back and unzip it. I breathe deeply and freely as the tight corset is loosened and removed. Though the air is chilly and my legs and arms are bare, I rip the clasp from my auburn hair, letting the wavy locks tumble out of its bun and over my shoulders, and elegantly dive into the calm water in just my thin leotard. The icy surface is pleasantly shocking. I shiver as I twist against the current, gently blinking until I can see past a blurry sheet of solid blue. Water is beautiful. Despite all my troubles, I would not live in any District apart from Four. I know this for sure. My eyes are trained so everything is clear and bright underwater, even in the late night. I drift blissfully, as if wrapped in silk. Everything is numb and still. When the familiar catching feeling in my throat grows insistent, I sigh in my mind and propel myself to the surface. I often wish I could run as fast as I could swim. In reality, I unfortunately fall short of even the average speed on land. I drag myself to the bed of grass and undergrowth where I had first approached, pulling myself up and out of the river. I let myself slide back to lie down, glaring up into space. Now that my brief escape from the world had ended I can't help but think of why I came searching for sweet relief. I had left early from a District bash, complete with food, escorts, and entertainment. I hadn't wanted to go, and for good reason. I knew what would occupy the thoughts of every girl and boy from the ages twelve to eighteen. The reaping. The haunting of every mind in the "lesser" Districts. The prize and pride of every Career soul. Except for mine. They were all excited. It was coming, again. A chance at eternal wealth and fame. A chance at a thrilling test of courage, that would result in respect from your District and a shower of affection from the Capitol. And the price? Only twenty three lives. I am the only one who sees it for what it is. I live in a community of monsters. But it is probably only because of how I was raised, and how I live, day after day after day. Alone. All of the poor see the pampered Districts as groups of toys the Capitol can manipulate. Toys with perfect lives, plentiful food, and slackened laws. Some of our population has just that, it's true. But their eyes seem to skim right over the small percentage of struggling families that live on the borderline of their Districts, which is mostly woods. The one's who can't support themselves. Who are left to fall in the dust. The beggars, hunters, outlaws, and handicapped. The Black Market. The orphanage, filled to the brim with unwanted children. Practically every District has this. The unbalance is a part of life, which is the only reason the Capitol allows it to continue. In District four, we call this percentage The Brink. I gaze down the length of the river. If one should follow it, they would eventually find a steep cliff, jagged and plentiful in shabby, unkempt grass, weeds, brambles, and other more unpleasant undergrowth. It is not too high, and not terribly hard to climb, though most don't care about what lies beyond it in any case, so they do not try. The river itself rises in a small waterfall and continues to wind through the trees at the top of the cliff. If one were to scale it, they would find themselves walking through steadily thickening forests, dark and confusing; but soon the trees would thin and spread, to reveal The Brink. The Brink, itself, is an appropriate name, for the population beyond District Four's unfamiliar and plentiful territory is on the brink of starvation, exhaustion, and in dire cases, death. Though we persevere, everyone knows it is true. We are the definition of desperate. Nonetheless, I am proud of my neighbors. They are strong. And we, The Brink folk, are the only people of our district who are against what everyone else is for. The Hunger Games. It is the thing of dreams for most. It is a thing of nightmares for us. I shudder as faces flash in front of my eyes. Beth. Fourteen years old. Sweet as sugar. Caring, bright, sometimes just simply naïve. Eyes of the palest blue, paler even in contrast to her dark skin and short hair. She wouldn't last three minutes in the arena. She'd curl up in a ball and pray. June. Thirteen. She's constantly acting older than her age, pretending to be tougher than she is, telling people she's been outside of District Four, on wild adventures…such an imagination… and yet truthfully, she's scared of her own shadow. She can only trust me with her secrets. She's tough in her own way, hiding her fears… but if she was chosen as a tribute, I don't know how long it would be until she broke down. I don't want to think about it. Cyan. Fifteen years old. Sarcastic, smart, and snappy, with a tolerance level of zero. This is a girl who didn't put up with any nonsense. Who is as tough as nails, as cold as ice, and as thick as stone. Even her jet black hair and narrow dark eyes told people not to mess with her… yet there was something about her that made people want to feel close to her. And, if it was played right? She wouldn't push them away. She would probably last longer than most in the Games. She might even make it out. But there were far more dangerous competitors to think about. Ella. Only twelve. She is bouncy and kind and concerned… like an energetic little puppy. She is also soft, fragile. Her long blonde hair is always twisted in an elegant braid when she is in the house and out on business, but when she isn't in sight of her mother and father, she will let it loose, and it will flow in impossibly straight, beautiful sheets… so tame compared to my own waist length, dark brown, reddish –tinged, unkempt waves. This girl is the definition of optimistic. She also has a mother, father, and little brother to think about. Because of the number of people in her household, though it may seem few, and the unfortunate conditions, her name is in the Reaping twenty times. It is almost enough to break my heart. Seeing her face, blood streaked, with a glassy, unseeing gaze… Quinn. Seventeen. One of my closest friends. She is fairly silent, very tall, and good at hiding her emotions, though never from me. Very thoughtful, very clever. Quinn specializes in herbs and first aid. I'd learned much from her. She is also quick. I can see her doing well in the arena, though every second of every day my eyes would stare, unblinking, at the screen, daring to hope… If I could, I would volunteer in her place. I would volunteer for any of them. But it is no longer allowed in the higher class Districts. There was a clash, not too long ago, where blood was spilled over the matter. Now, whoever is chosen is chosen. There is no hope that a crazy, determined, heartless Career will come to your rescue. In fact, in our generation…you're kidding yourself if you believe there is hope at all. These are the few children I have come to know and love as my own family, in replacement of the one I lost seven years ago, when I was nine. It's a story I'd rather not recall. In short words… disgraceful mother who decided she was sick of us all, heartbroken father who tried his best to keep me and Rae supported, the threat of starvation hanging over our heads, and finally a sickness that rendered both my father and my sister incapable of taking care of themselves. Technically I live in the orphanage, but I find myself spending days on end under the blanket of trees around us, and next to the river. I love the river. There are more children and families. So many more, in The Brink alone. But it is hard to get to know and trust many others when everyone is aware that we who are desperately trying to stay alive would do anything to keep themselves and their families going. Anything. Including various forms of treachery. I have briefly met, or recognized, others from the main part of District Four as well. A connection that Quinn (who is more involved with the outer folk than the rest of us) and a richer girl bought us all invitations to a celebratory party up in town square. One that I couldn't bear to attend for longer than mere minutes. Which is how I ended up here, by the riverbed, stripped of my fancy wear and gazing into darkness, deep in thought. Until a muffled voice behind me makes me jump and gasp. "Ivory!" It shouts, then chortles at my expression, just barely visible in the black night. "Hah. You didn't hear me coming, did you?" Had I forgotten to mention Austin? Silly me. A boy, sixteen, climbs smoothly over a rustling bush and drops to the grass next to me. His warm brown eyes are bright and cheerful, his grin easy. Messily cut, short blonde hair crowns his head. I sometimes tell people he's my brother. They can guess it isn't true, what with the fact they know the story of my family, and that we look nothing alike. But he feels like one. "Sup?" He laughs, leaning back, like he had been there all day and was frankly bored. I shove him. "Oh, There's just a life changing event tomorrow, that's currently dominating all the thoughts of every person in the District. Besides that,