Chapter One: Disclaimer: Sadly, I do not own Harry Potter. That would be J.K. Rowling. I just like to take her characters and plot and play with them. Harry Potter sat on his bed, depressed as he could be as he stared at Hedwig's cage in apathy. Harry Potter was not normal. First off, he was wizard. Not unnatural enough, he also was known as The-Boy-Who-Lived. This was because he somehow survived at age one, what others had not survived at age one hundred. He had survived the killing curse, the very same that had killed his parents moments before. Of course, this was not enough either for some reason. No, he had survived the killing curse from one of the most powerful wizards in the world. It was a man, or creature as Harry thought of him, known to the world as Tom Riddle a.k.a Lord Voldemort. So far by age 15, Harry had met Voldemort almost every year since turning 11. This meant he had faced Voldemort down what was now 5 times and survived the encounters. Most of that was through luck though, and it seemed that his luck had finally run out. The most recent encounter had been little over a month ago now, in June. It was July now, and Harry's birthday was little more than a week away. In June, he had led a group of fellow students he had trained into the Department of Mysteries at the Ministry of Magic. They had met resistance in the form of Lord Voldemort's followers known as the Death Eaters. The death eaters had been held off, just barely, until help had arrived from the Order of the Phoenix, the Headmaster of Hogwarts Albus Dumbledore's group dedicated to resisting Voldemort, including one Sirius Orion Black. This was Harry's godfather, and one of the last two living links to his parents. Sirius had died in the fighting, protecting Harry and his friends from Bellatrix Lestrange, Voldemort's top lieutenant. Harry knew it was his fault, especially after hearing the prophecy from the headmaster directly after the incident. He winced as he remembered his momentary loss of control in said man's office. He had been spending the whole of his summer thus far in total misery at this loss. He also felt terrible for all of his friends who had been hurt in the adventure as well. He was their leader, and as such he should have known better than to walk into such an obvious trap. In pain, and angry at being sent here to his aunt and uncle once more, Harry walked out of his room, downstairs, and out the door into the sunlight. He had been told to stay indoors as much as possible but consequences be damned if he had to be kept in that house all summer. As he was leaving, he passed by Moody, who happened to be on watch at the time under his invisibility cloak. Moody immediately followed, casting a silencing charm on his wooden leg as he did so. Harry walked all the way to the nearest restaurant, and sat outside. As he had not grabbed any muggle money before coming back this year, he declined a menu stating he merely needed a place to sit a moment. Moody watched him very carefully for a few moments while having an internal debate. They were to watch Potter, and give him personal space at the same time. That was the orders. They did not preclude conversation or anything, so Moody decided to step in for a moment. A friendly face in these times may help the boy, and if not Moody would happily disappear back under the cloak once more and leave him in peace. He walked to the alley nearby and made sure no one was watching before taking off his cloak and stuffing it into one of his robe pockets. He walked back out and over to Potter, watching the kid's eyes wander over him. They tightened for a moment in hesitation, but then brightened welcomingly. As he sat down he ignited the conversation by saying, "Well, so much for staying indoors eh, Potter? You don't seem surprised to see me so I assume you knew if the guard regulations this summer. Tell me lad, are the muggles treating you alright?" Harry thought for a moment before he spoke. "How am I to know you are actually Alastor Moody, and not someone sent by Voldemort to get me to tell him the location of my house?" Moody watched the boy covertly point his wand at him under the table with his magical eye. "Very good, Potter. Constant Vigilance!" Moody said, pleased that the boy showed common sense in these times. "Very well, you want proof? I am Alastor Moody, ex-auror, member of the Order of the Phoenix headed by Albus Dumbledore, and you are the son of Prongs." Harry looked at Moody carefully before accepting the answer and stowing his wand away inside his robes once more. He looked around for a moment to ensure they had privacy, and leaned across the table towards the older man. Moody did the same, with the exception of his magical eye, which rolled in all directions ensuring no threat surprised them. Harry spoke in a quiet tone. "Sorry Moody you can't be too careful these days. Yes, the headmaster told me of the guards and when they would be trading positions. My aunt, uncle, and cousin have all been ignoring me mostly, which is better than the usual actually. How have things been with the order?" "Better than usual? You may have to explain that to me Potter. As for the Order, we haven't really done a whole lot of useful things lately, aside from guarding you of course." So, Harry went on to explain what he meant by "usual". He told Moody of the abuse over the years, affirmed that the headmaster knew of it, and also in a spur of the moment topic, told him of the prophecy. He found Moody to be patient and a good listener. He asked questions in the appropriate moments, and wore a passive expression the whole while, with merely a glint of anger in his eyes. Harry found himself opening more and more as hours went by unheeded, telling Moody about his mood recently, his grief over Sirius, his worries over the summer, next year, and the future, and most importantly, his ever-decreasing self-confidence. Moody listened quietly for the most part on his end. He was horrified and angry all in one at the muggles' treatment of the boy, and even more upset to learn that his old friend Albus knew of it all. He immediately decided that a confident and powerful leader was what they needed, and from the way Potter talked, it did not seem he was all that sure of himself at the moment. The grief was understandable, but prolonged due to having no outlet. He resolved to help the boy any way he could, and made sure to point out that the boy needed to rest, eat, and keep his spirits up in the first place if he wanted to be healthy enough to make a difference in this war. He also thought more privately that he agreed on the fact that due to the circumstances, Potter needed better training than he currently had. He would do his best to find a way to get him that. Moody told Harry to give him a couple days, and he would try to figure out a couple things. Harry readily agreed, and accompanied Moody back to his house, where he was seen safely inside. Once inside, he immediately grabbed a few rolls and some juice from the empty kitchen before making his way back to his room. As he ate, he cleaned up the room until it was spotless and pulled out a few of his schoolbooks. To pass the time he would read and study all the old and newer schoolbooks until he had them memorized or was interrupted. / Moody POV Moody watched Harry go inside. He knew the conversation had made Potter somewhat happier and livelier than before. Now, he would do exactly as he promised and find a way to help Harry. He waited until 6pm when Mundungus showed up to relieve him. The idiot was piss drunk and probably drugged as usual, but at least he was there. Moody apparated off, and appeared at the gates of Hogwarts. He walked all the way up the drive to the school and straight to the Headmaster's office. Knocking twice on the door, he waited for a response. "Enter," came a voice from just inside the door. Moody complied and entered to find a smiling Albus Dumbledore awaiting him behind his desk. Dumbledore gestured to the seat in front of the desk and Moody sat heavily, taking a moment to clear his thoughts and focus. "My dear old friend, you seem as though all the cares in the world lie on your shoulders. Tell me what it is that is bothering you. I am most curious." Dumbledore said to him kindly. "Well sir, it's like this. I don't mean to be disrespectful, but I have a few questions that I need answered. It has to do with young Potter." Moody said respectfully, choosing his words with care. Dumbledore, on the other hand, sat back heavily and rubbed his eyes tiredly. Moody wondered at the sudden change, wisely keeping quiet for the moment. The old man had been his friend for many years and he would respect him until he no longer commanded the respect shown. "I knew this day would come." Albus spoke suddenly, looking up at Moody. "I knew it especially after telling the boy the prophecy. I am assuming that since you are here, you spoke to young Mr. Potter, and heard a great many things he could tell you. It is after all, the only way you would be here to start asking questions. I will share what I know with you old friend. Perhaps you have a better insight as to how I can rectify things. You must understand before I begin however, that everything I did, I did out of love for him. I did not want any of this to trouble his life when I knew all he wanted was a normal life. If he had known any of this, he would know just how "normal" his life really was supposed to be. He would have been in danger much sooner, and had no chance at a happy life." Moody nodded his acceptance and prepared to broaden his views a bit. He promised himself that although it seemed as if he would not like what he was going to hear, he would take everything into account before taking his stance on everything. Albus conjured a tea set for them, along with some biscuits. After pouring a steaming cup for the both of them, something Moody only allowed with Albus, the old man sat back and began his tale. "I guess what I should start with, is that you should know I am Harry's grandfather on his mother's side. His mother was pureblood, and a Dumbledore. We changed her last name and blood status to protect her while Grindelwald was running unchecked. James was the only one who knew besides her mother and I of course. Her mother died in the last war. You remember the prophecy I told you long ago. I know we had speculated long and hard about "the power he knows not" but I actually knew the answer." Here the older man paused a moment to gather his thoughts. He then forged on. "Harry is descended through the Potter family line from Godric Gryffindor himself. I know that anyone who studies ancient lines such as the goblins will know this, but only I and the goblins will know the next part. Mr.