Standard Disclaimer: The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. ~~~~EH~~~~ "Bella, could you come in here for a moment?" Carlisle's stern voice startled me out of my daydream and caused me to nearly spill my coffee. "Certainly, sir," I replied as I rose from my seat and brushed the wrinkles from my shirt. I followed Carlisle into his office and took a seat in the chair across from his desk. "How long have you worked for me here at Cullen Robotics, Bella?" "Four wonderful years, Carlisle-" He nodded and eyed me speculatively. "Four years and not one single mention of a boyfriend or husband," he stated incredulously. "You never go out for drinks with any of the girls here at work and I've never once seen you at any company sponsored events." My heart began to pound in my chest and my mouth suddenly ran dry. "Is this your way of firing me, Mr. Cullen?" He chuckled at my obvious discomfort. "Of course not, Bella. I wouldn't make it five minutes without you. You're an exemplary assistant." He sighed and maneuvered around to the front of his desk, leaning against the edge with his arms crossed over his chest. He looked down at me worriedly as I fidgeted under his gaze. "I have to admit, though, that I'm a bit concerned with your lack of personal relationships." I shook my head and willed my tears away. "Its fine, Carlisle. I actually prefer my life this way. I…I was diagnosed with Avoidant Personality Disorder about eight years ago. It's a social disorder-" "I'm well acquainted with AvPD, Bella, and I'm so sorry. I had no idea." "No one does," I whispered, "and I'd rather keep it that way." "Of course, Bella." He clapped his hands together and straightened his posture, moving back behind his desk to take his seat. "Well, I'll get to the real point behind this meeting then. I need you to participate in an ongoing research and development project." Settling back into my professional persona, I straightened my back and retrieved my phone in order to access my calendar. "I'd be happy to type up any research or notes-" "That's not exactly what I mean. I need you to take a more hands on approach," he interjected. I stared at him utterly bewildered. "I'm afraid I don't understand. I'm not a researcher." "No…you'd be the test subject. For two months." ~~~~EH~~~~ Was I really so desperate that I would agree to testing out a companion android? A machine that had been built solely for me. Something that was tailored to my very specific needs. I had to admit, Carlisle had made a good pitch. With my disorder, I could have the best of both worlds; someone who would care for me unconditionally, where I could live without fear of rejection. Quite frankly, it sounded too good to be true. I pulled my phone from my pocket, intent on calling my boss and retracting my agreement to this ridiculous assignment, but was interrupted by a quick rap on my door before I could dial his number. "Fuck," I moaned, tossing my phone onto the kitchen counter as I made my way to greet my visitor. As I swung the door open, I was met with none other than Rosalie Hale. She was our Director of Operations and quite possibly the most beautiful woman I'd ever seen…and the most intimidating as well. She barged into my living room as if she owned the place, dragging someone in behind her. "Jesus, Bella, I thought Carlisle was joking when he said you lived above a bakery." I twisted my fingers nervously, completely uncomfortable having strangers in my personal space. "Yeah, well I don't cook, so it's a comfort to wake up to the smell of fresh baked bread and cinnamon rolls every morning. I wouldn't trade it for the world." Rosalie wandered around my humble abode, sweeping her long blond hair out of her face and smiling at some aspects of my apartment while scowling at others. "I like it. It's…cozy." While she perused my home, I took a moment to observe the gentleman she'd brought with her. He stood stoically by my kitchen table, observing mine and Rosalie's interaction carefully. I had to admit he was strikingly handsome with an odd copper colored hair and chiseled jaw. His five o'clock shadow made him look rugged and my heart stuttered in my chest as his bright green eyes met mine. Something about those eyes was so familiar, but I just couldn't place it. I dropped my gaze to the floor, suddenly embarrassed by the situation I found myself in. What must these people think of me? "Would you both like to have a seat?" I mumbled nervously, gesturing toward my lumpy sofa. "I could get you both something to drink-" "No need, Bella," Rosalie said flippantly with a wave of her hand. "This won't take long." She moved gracefully back through my living room toward the kitchen. "Edward, come meet Bella." The beautiful young man pushed away from the counter and approached me with a warm smile and an outstretched hand. "Pleasure to meet you, Bella. My name's Edward." I grasped his fingers and shivered impulsively as a zing shot up my arm. "Sorry," I muttered, quickly pulling away. "Static electricity." He chuckled and ran his hand through his unruly hair, gazing at me intently. "So are you one of the researchers working on my android?" Rosalie giggled from behind me. "Edward is your companion android, Bella." Oh, fuck my life. No way was I surviving this with my dignity intact. ~~~~EH~~~~ The lukewarm water pelted down over my skin as I tried to rationalize my decision. It was only two months. Surely I could coexist with this thing…person…whatever…for two months. Then Carlisle would be appeased and I could return to my job and my solitary existence. I shivered violently as the last of the hot water finally ran out. Shutting off the shower, I stepped out onto the fuzzy bathmat and took an exorbitant amount of time finishing up my nightly routine. Realizing that in my haste I had neglected to grab any clothes from my bedroom, I settled for my terry cloth robe, wrapping it around me and securing the belt tightly. Taking a quick peek out the bathroom door, I spied Edward sitting relaxed on my couch in the exact spot I'd left him over an hour ago, his right ankle crossed over his left knee and one arm slung along the back of the couch. I had to admit, I never expected him to be so…human. Rosalie had explained that Edward was the newest achievement at Cullen Robotics, the most life-like android ever created. He had been preprogrammed with personality traits and unique human characteristics. The body itself was actually comprised of both biological and non-biological aspects, making him all the more realistic and authentic. Authentic didn't even begin to cover it. As soon as he saw me staring from the hallway, he smiled widely and patted the sofa cushion next to him, an open invitation. "Come on, Bella. Come sit with me. I promise I won't bite," he laughed, gnashing his teeth together playfully. I was immediately reminded of the food processor I broke last month. Shaking my head to clear my errant thoughts, I slowly meandered into the living room, keeping a respectable distance between us at all times. "So, Edward…Rosalie said that you would be able to…uh, maintain…the mechanical components-" "Bella," he sighed, scooting forward to the edge of the couch. "You needn't worry. I'm more than capable of taking care of myself." He sighed as he gazed up at me. "Just get to know me." I turned away from him and his piercing green eyes and toed at the white shag carpet beneath my feet. "Easier said than done," I mumbled under my breath. "Would you like to listen to some music, Bella? It might help you relax." I spun back around to look at him. "You can do that? Play music, I mean? Where are the speakers-" He snickered and rose from the couch, stalking toward me like a true predator. As he leaned down toward my ear, I shivered involuntarily, momentarily stunned by his beautiful smirk. "I'm not an IPod, Bella." He reached both arms around my waist, flicking the on switch to the music system on the shelf behind me, and suddenly the crooning voice of Etta James filled the room. "I noticed your sound system and thought I could turn something on for you." His close proximity and hot breath against my neck completely overwhelmed my senses. Turn something on, indeed . As if he could read my mind, he chuckled darkly, a deep throaty sound that made my lady bits tingle in a completely disarming way. What the fuck was happening to me? I ducked out from under his arm and spun around to face him, backing slowly away from him and toward my bedroom door. "So, uh…you'll be fine on the couch? Rose said you don't really sleep, you just power down to recharge…or something. I'm going to head off to bed, so I'll see you in the morning I guess." He quirked one eyebrow and flashed that devious grin at me. "Good night, Bella," he practically purred. Unable to reply, I spun around and tripped over my side table, landing on my hands and knees with my bare ass in the air. With my total mortification complete, I crawled the rest of the way to my room and slammed the door behind me. What in the holy hell had I gotten myself into? ~~~~EH~~~~ I rolled over and punched at the feather pillow beneath my head. Sleep had eluded me and it was now nearing six in the morning. Truthfully, I was terrified to leave this bed. Getting up meant that I had to deal with the mechanical sex doll currently taking up residence in my living room. I dropped my face into my hands as tears welled in my eyes. God, I was so ridiculous. As soon as this assignment was over, I was turning in my resignation. This…this was utterly humiliating. I was certain everyone at the company knew about this project by now. The pathetic twenty four year old virgin whose only opportunity for a relationship happened to be battery powered. My pity party was interrupted by a subtle knock on my bedroom door. "Bella? Can I come in?" Edward beseeched from the other side. Looking down at my flimsy camisole and penguin print panties, I quickly pulled the blankets up around me. "Uh, sure Edward. Come on in." My door swung slowly open and Edward inched his way inside. He was dressed in a pair of flannel pajama pants and a tight gray t-shirt, carrying a breakfast tray with a perfect daisy perched atop a covered plate. I was immediately assaulted with the mouthwatering aroma of bacon and eggs as he set the tray on my lap. "You made breakfast? For me?" I stared up at him, my lips trembling as fresh tears filled my eyes. "Of course, sweet girl," he replied, wiping the tears from my cheeks as they spilled over. "Who else would I make breakfast for?" He gingerly tucked the daisy behind my ear and swept the cover from the plate with a flourish. "Voila!" Despite my tears, I giggled at his exuberance, but my smile fell quickly as reality came crashing back down around me. Oh, if only relationships were really this easy. How I wished this could all be real. "Bella, are you okay?" he asked worriedly. "I thought you liked eggs." I wiped at my eyes with the back of my hand and gazed up at him with gratitude. "I'm fine, Edward. I promise. The eggs smell…great. I just didn't sleep well last night." "I know…I heard you toss