Okay, so this little plot bunny came directly from a little dig my husband laid on me the other night. The moment the joke left his mouth, I couldn't get this story idea out of my head. I just had to write it. Teach him to poke fun… I do not own Twilight, Stephenie Meyer does. December 31, 2186 The stench of charred meat wafted through the open window, burning my nose with its pungency. Fanning my hand in front of my face to alleviate the smell, I returned to my perusal of the morning paper. Sanction Day Opens to a Record Breaking Number as the Furnaces Are Lit for Another Successful Year Peaceful protests erupted all over the world at the opening of this year's Sanction Day. Record breaking numbers were recorded as the furnaces were lit. President McCarty went on record to give the following statement. " Despite rising protests against Sanction Day, the yearly event will endure. These laws were set forth for the advancement of all mankind-" "Whew! Were you planning on closing the windows today, Edward, or were you just going to let that smell permeate everything in this house?" Bella asked, waltzing into the kitchen carrying the mail in one hand and a bouquet of fresh cut roses in the other. "Sorry," I replied, rising from the table to shutter the windows. "The sunshine felt nice." Tossing the mail onto the table, she grabbed a vase for the flowers, filling it halfway with water before plopping the sheered stems into the clear liquid. Turning the vase this way and that, she finally settled on the perfect position in the center of the table. "There," she smiled. "Perfect." "Not near as perfect as you my beautiful wife," I replied, wrapping her up in my arms and kissing her plump lips. "Still the most beautiful rose in the garden." My tongue traced the seam of her lips as her mouth opened to me, our tongues tangling in a beautiful dance. I hoisted her up onto the kitchen table, stepping between her toned legs as she parted them to make room for me. "Hmm, it's been a while since we defiled the kitchen table," she moaned, locking her ankles around the small of my back as I ground my length against her heat. Moaning wantonly, she leaned into me, nipping at my throat. "Are you wet, Bella? Is that beautiful pink pussy dripping for me?" I panted, gripping her hips as I moved against her. Her face flushed a beautiful pink as I whispered dirty words into her ear. "There's my blushing rose," I breathed as we climbed quickly toward our mutual release. A few thrusts later and Bella gasped as she shuddered in my arms, her soft mewls spurring my own orgasm as I came, spitting a slew of obscenities as I slowed my movements. "Fuck," I sighed. "I didn't intend for that to be so quick, sweet girl," I laughed as the wet spot on my pajama pants spread to grapefruit size. "Hmm, well let me help you out of your uncomfortable situation-" A loud pounding on the front door brought an abrupt end to our morning tryst. Sighing, I pulled my girl from the table and swiftly swatted her behind. "You get the door while I go change." "M'kay," Bella whispered, pressing a gentle kiss to my lips as she passed, headed through the living room to the front door. Turning back to me with a devious smirk, she said, "We'll pick this up later." "Count on it," I retorted smugly, turning toward the bedroom with thoughts of a very naughty, very naked wife writhing under me. I quickly changed into a pair of jeans and a t-shirt and rejoined my wife in the living room, where she sat holding the hand of our next door neighbor, James. Tears streaked down his face as he held two crumpled envelopes in his shaking fist. Big red letters stamped across the front, one read 'SANCTION' while the other read 'PARDON'. "Help me understand this, Ed," he cried, turning toward me with the outstretched envelopes. "Why would they sanction her and pardon me, huh?" Running my hand through my hair, I blew out a long breath. "You know as well as I do, it's just the luck of the draw, James," I retorted, saddened by today's turn of events. "At least you have the year, you know? She doesn't have to report until December 31 of next year." "Not a real comfort there, Ed," he sniffed, wiping the tears from his eyes as he let the envelopes flutter to the floor. "I think…I might…try to make a run for it." Bella gasped in surprise. "James! You can't!" she exclaimed. "The government will track you!" "What's the alternative? She's my wife," he huffed darkly, his demeanor completely defeated as he turned for the door. "If I don't see you guys before we leave, I just want you both to know, you've been great friends to me and Vic. Take care of each other." With a parting glance, he walked out our front door and out of our lives. I pulled my wife into my lap as she sobbed for the loss of our close friends. Shushing her quietly, I whispered words of sympathy into her ear. "Edward?" she whimpered as her sobs quieted. "Yeah, baby?" "Do you ever regret being who we are or what we did?" "Never," I sighed, gently stroking her hair. "We did a lot of good in our time, Bella. Don't ever forget that." "I guess…" she trailed off, her breath still hitching occasionally. "I just really hate Sanction Day." "Me too, sweetheart," I sighed looking toward the kitchen where our own envelopes sat haphazardly on top of the table, the words "PARDON' blazoned across the front of both. ()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()() December 31, 2130 Bella and I sat side by side at the head of the table, our hands clasped tightly together as we awaited our fate. Vice President Newton sat at the opposite end of the table, rifling through a file, pausing occasionally to re-read the words on the page. His underlings sat to his right and left, eyeing us speculatively. Finally flipping the file closed, Newton tossed it to the center of the table, photographs of Bella and me spilling out haphazardly, unraveling the tale of our first few years in the lab. "So, you want asylum?" Newton asked, his steely eyes boring into mine as he laced his fingers together in front of him, a perfect picture of calm. "I think we deserve it-" "Deserve it?" his minion interjected. "The world's economies are in ruin!" "We warned you," Bella began, pounding her fist against the table in frustration. "We showed you the logistics, but the almighty United States government knew best," she snorted condescendingly. "We told you what would happen!" "Everyone just calm the fuck down, shall we?" Newton stated, urging his companion to take his seat. "Back to the matter at hand, if you please." "Yes, we want asylum," I reiterated. "We've worked for this government for decades. Your last request crossed the line and we want out." "Crossed the line…how so?" he asked smugly. "You can't take away a couple's right to procreate," Bella whispered, looking down to her flat stomach. I could see the hurt still evident in my beautiful wife's eyes. Her last miscarriage nearly killed us both. Looking back up at Newton, she continued, "This world may be drastically different than the one we were raised in, but morals should still stand for something. I will not be a part of condemning couples to a childless future. As that is the direction the government is adamant about pursuing, we no longer wish to be affiliated with the lab." "Fine," Newton sneered, "you want out? Consider yourselves dismissed." "We want pardon…every year," I added. "No exceptions. We gave birth to that cursed serum and we refuse to be sanctioned. Ever." Newton's eyes glared with a fiery hatred. "Tit for tat," he hissed. "You agree to never mention the new procreation policy and you can have your lifetime pardons." Glancing at my sweet wife, I realized I was about to sign a deal with the devil himself. Nodding in agreement, I added, "We want our tracking chips disabled to ensure you hold up your end of the bargain." "Done," he replied nonchalantly. Rubbing his hands together in satisfaction, Newton rose from his chair, obviously eager to have us out of his hair. "Just see Esme down at the lab and she will disable your trackers. I wish you a long and happy life." His mocking tone did not go unnoticed by either me or my wife. Grabbing Bella, we quickly made our way down to the lab to see Esme before Newton changed his mind. She greeted us warmly as Bella plopped down in a procedure chair. "So, you're really going through with this?" Esme asked, readying the EMP. "Yes," we replied in unison as I handed her the scanner. Maneuvering the device, she quickly located the tracker in Bella's right shoulder. Moving the EMP into place, Esme quickly shot the beam straight to where the scanner indicated, disabling the tracking chip. Bella hopped out of her seat and I quickly took her place as Esme repeated the procedure once more. My tracking chip turned up in my left foot. Go figure. "Where will you guys go?" Esme asked, helping me to my feet. "You're kind of famous…you know? I'm not sure I would be brave enough to leave the protection of the lab." Gripping my hair tightly, I sighed, "I don't know where exactly we're headed. I just want to get as far away from here as possible. Hopefully settle down somewhere no one knows us. We have plenty of money…we'll make do." "Well, good luck. I'll miss you both," Esme murmured, hugging Bella tightly as her eyes welled with tears. "I would say stay in touch, but you won't." "We'll miss you, too, Esme," Bella replied with watery eyes. Leaning close to Esme's ear so no one could overhear, she whispered, "Don't trust these people. You know how to find me if you have to." Nodding, Esme clutched Bella one last time as I moved us toward the exit and our new life. ()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()() December 31, 2100 The headlines on the paper sitting on the nightstand next to Bella's hospital bed taunted me. Worldwide Famine Spreads as Population Reaches All-Time High causing Civil Unrest Among the Masses Eastern European and North American economies continue to suffer as the population in third world countries continues to rise. While a majority of leaders have approved the continuation of sanctions, the holdouts are causing great strife and economic upheaval. Civil unrest has resulted in mass casualties as government officials are specifically targeted. I laid my head down on the bed next to Bella's hand as I intertwined my fingers with hers, my ears still ringing from the blast. Every time I closed my eyes, unwanted images flooded my mind. We had been out with friends when the attack occurred. " Bella!" I screamed, trying desperately to see through the smoke that had invaded the restaurant. Debris wafted around me as the fire from the explosion slowly spread. On my hands and knees, I maneuvered through the destruction, reaching blindly for my wife, determined to find her or die trying. A small hand reached out from under an overturned table, grasping my fingers tightly. " Oh God," I muttered, pulling the table off of Bella as tears flooded my eyes. The sight of her broken body ripped my heart in two. " I've got you baby, just hang on," I pleaded, praying to any deity that would listen to please spare my wife. Slipping my arms under her battered body, I gently lifted her from the rubble and carried her swiftly from the burning building. A throat clearing from the doorway