Summary: EWE. A moment of distraction alters Hermione's life. Trapped in the past, she struggles to decide between what is right and what is easy. A choice needed to be made, but before that, she had to live again. Sirius Black's life revolved around an endless war and living his life to the fullest. His priorities were rather straight forward: Protect his chosen family, fight and fuck. Nothing else registered. Nothing else mattered. But then she came along and changed his world forever. Disclaimer: Harry Potter belongs to J.K. Rowling. Betaed by the wonderful TheUnrealInsomniac. Silver Prologue: Broken Night had fallen and though the spring chill had long ago numbed her exposed flesh, Hermione couldn't help but smile. The image of Ron, brushing her hair aside, so he could kiss her newly exposed neck was on the forefront of her mind. The memory of his lips moving against her skin burned through her and the flesh below her ear tingled. A wayward curl had sprung back and with a soft smile, he'd tucked it behind her ear. Her heart fluttered and she sighed- which quickly turned into a startled gasp, as the spell that had been holding her hostage was lifted. A sudden shock of awareness and a wave of painful sensations gripped her. Every inch of her body ached. She was shivering and felt feverish. Disoriented, Hermione blinked and felt the room spin and tilt around her. Her head was throbbing. Her back ached and her hips screamed in protest with her every move. Mouth, dry. Her tongue felt thick and swollen. It hurt to swallow and her belly clenched as a painful stomach cramp coursed through her. All her aches and pains however were easily dwarfed by an overwhelming thirst. 'Water. Ple-ase,' she whispered into the darkness. Her voice hoarse from dehydration and lack of use. 'Water...' 'I'm going to light a candle and let your eyes adjust,' warned her captor. 'Prepare yourself sweetheart.' A silent incantation, a flash of light and the room filled with a faint, golden glow that seared her eyes. 'Please,' she begged. Her need for water growing by the second. 'Of course love.' A twirl of a wand and mumbled spells later, found her drinking from a conjured goblet. 'I do hope you forgive me Hermione. Leaving you for this long had not been my intention, I'm sorry.' Though warm and funny tasting, she savoured every gulp of the crisp liquid. Focused on satisfying her thirst, Hermione didn't hear her kidnapper's words. As the goblet vanished from her grasp, she cried out in surprise and longing. 'That's enough,' her kidnapper gently chastised. 'Too much too soon and you'll get sick.' Eyes shut tight and chest heaving, Hermione fought back choked sobs. Neck sore, she bowed her head and cried out as her back spasmed. Days, her mind whispered. Blurry eyes opened and darted towards the figure as a warming charm rippled across her skin. The previous charm had worn off, exposing her to the cold that'd drifted in from the broken window. On average, that particular spell lasted two days, three depending on the caster's magical ability. She knew the witch was powerful- the proof lay in the strength of her spellwork, so, she calculated, The Woman had been gone three to four days. Which meant she'd been here over a week. Her eyes slammed shut and her jaw clenched as she fought the urge to scream and rage at the unstable woman. It wouldn't help, she knew. The Woman's last visit was proof enough. In a fit of anger and desperation, Hermione had yelled and screamed and it'd led to this. Another spasm shot down her spine and a sob was ripped from her throat. The tinkling sound of glass knocking together reached her ears and Hermione opened her eyes. Relief and gratitude rushed through her, swiftly followed by disgust and self-loathing. Hovering on the opposite side of the wards and fighting to get picked first, were three distinct vials. 'For pain,' said the older woman, as a sparkling blue, pear-shaped bottle flew to her. 'Pepper-up,' a round, charcoal grey bottle passed invisible wards with a slight hiss. Followed by a long, thin vial with a burnt yellow potion inside, 'And vitamins.' She didn't hesitate to drink them. The pain was too much. Besides, The Woman could easily curse her into drinking them. She'd done it before. After the first few times, Hermione had decided to just go with it. So she drank them. One after the other. Her mind shouting at her for doing it, even as her body thanked her. Renewed energy coursed through her, sharpening her mind and senses. Her aches dulled and faded . 'Good girl. You'll feel much better soon,' cooed The Woman. Hermione cringed at the motherly tone and words. Haunted eyes focused on her feet, blinking away the urge to stare at the unmoving body, laying feet away from her. She wouldn't look. Looking at the decaying, still breathing body only rattled her flayed nerves. After everything she had seen and lived through, she'd believed she could face whatever life threw at her but she'd been wrong. Nothing could have prepared her for the effects of the Dementor's Kiss. The blank look, the drooling, the slack jaw- it was as she'd read, except for one minute detail. All books on the subject had failed to mention that the flesh of a Kissed individual would begin to rot, even as the body continued to live. That nugget of information had come from the elder witch herself. The situation was made all the worse by the fact that the Kissed person was a little boy, no older than seven. Her kidnapper, the child's mother. As if summoned by mere thoughts, The Woman crouched on the opposite side of the wards and gave Hermione a beaming smile. 'Guess what?' she whispered excitedly. 'I found it!' To prove her point, the dark haired witch reached into her robes and pulled out a black velvet pouch. Tears fell down The Woman's face as a joyful laugh escaped her. Her watery smile growing wider as she gently rattled the pouch. Sparing it a glance, Hermione licked her lips and cleared her scratchy throat. 'Please let me go,' she rasped out, an evident tremor in her voice. The Woman's smile fell and her eyes grew cold. 'Stop saying that,' she spat. 'I've told you, repeatedly that I can't do that!' The witch glared at her before she stood and began to pace the small room. 'After everything I've done for you! And she still... Always asking me to-to...' She rounded on Hermione. 'Why can't you see that this is for the best?! Why don't you understand?!' Hermione sat frozen, brown eyes following The Woman's every move. In an odd Stockholm Syndrome kind of way, the woman was right. She had been treated fairly well, all things considered. She was kept relatively warm, healthy to an extent and even though she had been Imperiused throughout, she hadn't been made to kill or do anything horrible. Rather, she'd been ordered to focus on her happiest memories and to not move. Held prisoner by her happiest memories. She honestly didn't know whether to be grateful for that or not. The Woman continued to stare at her and when no answer came, she shook her head as if disappointed. She made her way to the only piece of furniture in the room- a candle filled table, on which she placed the small pouch. The Woman turned. Her eyes moving over the runes surrounding her, studying them. Blue eyes moved upwards and though they roamed over her face, Hermione had the sense that the older witch was looking through her. 'You need to understand, so you can see the why,' the mother said as she nodded absentmindedly. 'He was right. Yeah... You need to know...' A rattled breath broke the silence of the room and The Woman flinched. A flicker of desperation flashed in her eyes. 'W-we'd been promised their safety. As long as we obeyed, they'd be fine,' said the elder woman, her eyes meeting Hermione's gaze. 'So of course we listened. Because we worked in the same department, we'd been split up... To guarantee our continued support they'd said... I hadn't seen Evie or Adan in months, but I hadn't worried because they'd promised and we'd listened. I'd done everything they said and he would've never allowed... H-he would've... di-ed before letting anything happen to he-er.' The Woman's eyebrows furrowed and her teary eyes darted from one corner of the room to the other. Confusion marring her dirtied features. 'I don't know what happened to them,' she said in a small voice. 'I-I'd been working in the Brain Room when they started leaving...' Hermione felt her gut drop and her eyes widen as they roamed over the disheveled woman. 'You're an Unspeakable,' she breathed out. The Woman blinked, turning to her. She nodded, her eyes filled with unshed tears. 'They were all Disapparating and yelling... 'Harry Potter is at Hogwarts! Harry Potter is at Hogwarts!' ... I-I don't know how I got down there, the corridors were so crowded... Aurors and Death Eaters were fighting and people were running and dueling... Even at night, the Ministry was busy... But I-I had a-a-and I found hi-im. A D-Dement... i-it was o-over hi - NOOO!' Hermione stared in horror as The Woman clutched at her head and fell to her knees. Heart-wrenching sobs escaping her. A swarm of Dementors, rushing towards her during The Final Battle, flashed through her mind. If Death Eaters and Ministry officials alike had been called to battle, then the Dementors had been left largely unattended. Nothing had stopped them from attacking. She witnessed her son being Kissed. Dark eyes left the rocking woman and drifted to the body of the little boy, atop a stained mattress. His open eyes staring and unseeing of the wooden planks above him. Slow, rattling breaths escaping his opened mouth. The corner of which, Hermione noted in morbid fascination, was black and green. Dark brown sludge oozing from the putrid flesh. ' Expecto Patronum! Expecto Patronum! EXPECTO PATRO- NUM!' Hermione flinched and scrambled backwards into her little corner, taking refuge in its shadows. The cold and jagged stone dug into her skin, but the pain barely registered. She was terrified. She didn't know how long The Woman had kept her prisoner. It was all a riddled mess of starvation and thirst, forced potion consumption and orders commanded under the Imperius Curse. She didn't know where she was, how long she'd been here or if anyone so much as suspected a mad Unspeakable of taking her. Death Eaters would've been the primary suspects, easily followed by Voldemort sympathizers. Beyond them... perhaps that was the extent of the suspect list. After all, who would think a grieving mother dangerous? Hermione flinched again, pressing herself further into the shadowed corner as The Woman crawled to her son and cradled him to her chest. 'Ron, Ron, Ron, Ron,' she mumbled under her breath. Hope that she'd be heard through the Deluminator burned in her chest. When Hermione realised it wasn't a Death Eater who'd taken her, foolish arrogance had kicked in. She'd thought she could reach The Woman and talk her out of whatever plan she had- it'd been pointless. Soon afterwards, she remembered the Deluminator and began calling out for him, praying he would hear her voice. He - they - had yet to find her. It was only a matter of time she kept telling herself. She would be saved soon enough. Her eyes moved over the purple runes and just as quickly, returned to the distraught woman. She hadn't had time to study the lighter-shaped artifact, so she didn't know how it worked. Perhaps they had to be thinking of each other at the exact moment in time. Or when they wanted to be together desperately. Or it