Disclaimer: I do not own Lord of the Rings. I seek no profit from this work of fan fiction. The Dead of Middle Earth Gandalf "A great sickness will fall over Middle Earth." Gandalf, the last of the white wizards, whispered into the night. His face was pale and his eyes were clouded over, and it seemed as if a terrible pain had broken his spirits. His rugged beard flapped in the wind and his pure white robes seemed to flow with an unseen darkness. Gandalf had once taken comfort from the beauty of the undying lands, but now, nearly a decade after his arrival, the troubles of the mortal world held heavy in his mind. He had left the world of mortals alongside Bilbo and Frodo Baggins, some of the greatest heroes since the fall of Angband. The three of them, drained and weary from the war of the ring, had set sail for the undying lands, the paradise of the elves that lay far to the West. Yet in spite of the peace that the undying lands had brought to his companions, Gandalf was restless. Though the orcs of Mordor were all but defeated, and the dragon Smaug lay lifeless beneath the mountains, the death and endings of Middle Earth still grappled in Gandalf's mind. Gandalf's guilt had changed him. He was no longer the adventurous wizard who was so fond of Hobbits. His excellent fireworks were all but forgotten and the dwarves under the mountain never spoke his name. He had become a pain-hardened relic, no longer the boisterous wizard in gray, but a gloomy warlock in white. The tremendous love and tolerance that had drawn him to the Hobbits had all but died within him. And the more Gandalf remembered, the more his thoughts crossed the inevitable: the sickness that would scar the world. This sickness would not be spread by clear evil, as the war of the ring was. The darkness of Sauron had been replaced by light long ago. Nor would it be lured out from within, as the dwarves of yore grew sick from greed. And the more Gandalf thought, the more it became clear. The sickness would come from the dead. The dead were to rise, and once risen, they would be beasts: Soulless, unstoppable, and unspeakably hungry. And as the sickness would soon ravage Middle Earth, Gandalf was growing sick in himself. This was not a mortal sickness, for he was no mortal, but it was a sickness of the mind. It was a corrupting sickness, but a sickness of fear, a sickness of pain. For Gandalf knew of the terrible things that awaited Middle Earth, and there was nothing that could stand in their way. "Why do you worry, Mithrandir?" Elrond's voice cautiously drifted through the night. Elrond was once a mighty Elvish lord, but now, in the undying lands, he was an equal to all. "I have seen you here at night," Elrond continued, "but why do you come here?" Elrond seemed concerned but curious beneath his worry. "I have seen the future." Gandalf muttered, a great burden weighing his voice. His face held the same burden, no longer the smiling, blue-eyed sorcerer; Gandalf seemed to have filled the shoes of the one he once answered to: Sauroman the White. Sauroman once had been bubbling with wisdom, but power had changed him. Sauroman had grown greedy, and blinded by the power he had gained. And in his thoughts Gandalf often wondered if he was walking the same path as Sauroman. "The dead will rise from an unstoppable plague." Gandalf continued, his face cold with disgust. "Heroes of old will return to fight. Many will perish. Many will triumph. But the plague will take us all." "There must be a way to end this sickness." Elrond's eyes were lit with fright, a rare look for him. "It must have a weakness. It must have a flaw. In my thoughts I have seen them rising as you do, but the terror they will bring must have an end." A sour frown crossed Gandalf's lips. His eyes looked troubled and his face was tense even as he spoke. "No, Lord Elrond, there is no use in trying to drive back this plague. It can be delayed, and some will survive, but it will always come. The dead will rise to feast on the living, and when they rot, what more can we do? The line of Durin will be no more, and the lines of men will be severed. The might of Gondor will be humbled, and the dead of all kingdoms will rise. And when they rise, the living will fall." Elrond's gaze darted to Gandalf. "What of us? What of the Elves?" Elrond's eyes had already begun to look desperate. "Will they be slain by the dead, and die from the mistakes of dwarves and men?" "Lord Elrond." Gandalf was clearly troubled by this question. "How can you be concerned with the fate of Elves and Maiar when the dead of the mortal are threatening to bring a chaos greater than the ring? When powerful friendships are severed among men, when the loyal heirs of Gimli become greedier than Thror, when the war of the dead meets the war of the mind, what will you do then? Will you sit back behind your walls and watch? Will you take no part in aiding mortal men?" Gandalf paused, and his anger began to diminish. "I am sorry, Lord Elrond. My pain has clouded my thoughts, and my actions have been wrathful. I hope you can put this behind you." Elrond nodded. "I do not understand your pain, but I understand your worry. I feel the same for the Elves as you do for the mortal. I worry for their safety when the war of the dead is upon us, for I feel them rising as you do. I hope you can help my cause as I will help yours." "I will try." Gandalf nodded and looked off into night. A sour look still clung to his face. It seemed as if his sickness and pain had already grown in the time Elrond had been with him. His eyes were clouding over more than before and his face was paler than it had ever been. Elrond, realizing Gandalf's despair, walked into the night. But there was something different in him now. He once walked happily, seemingly carelessly. But now his feet seemed to drag and not want to move. His face, once lit with joy, now was darkened with sadness. It was as if Gandalf's pain and sickness of the heart had clung on to him, reaching for his mind, ready and willing to take it. But now, a single thought oozed over Elrond. "The dead are rising," He whispered to himself. "And nothing can stop them." Orin The Glittering Caves: The pride of the White Mountains. Hardly Glittering. They had said the caverns were emanating with light and that the walls were literally made of gold. They said it was mightier than Erabor with dwarves more content than in the Iron Hills. Orin believed them. That's why he went. Not for the wealth. Not for the advantage he had over others. He went for the peace. In reality, it was an average-looking cave system with a healthy portion of gold. Its stone halls were adorned with carvings of dwarven victories. Its great gate was forged from plain iron and mithril. Nothing special. That was before the disease. Orin, after each long, sweaty day in the mines, always took his time walking home. He had a lovely wife and two sons, so he enjoyed the peace of the caves while it lasted. Every day he would walk home, taking in the pleasant odors of gems and gold. "That's my handiwork," Orin thought to himself. His life was consistent, always routine. He would mine the gold and gems that studded Gimli's crown, and then walk home to his wife and children. Day after day, year after year. And before he knew it, he was already 140. Then came the disease. Orrin had just stepped out of the great mining chamber, and was starting to make his way down the stone hall that connected the kingdom to the open air. The stone walls, made visible by the torchlight, reminded Orin of the Mines of Moria, his mighty homeland. One of Orin's oldest friends, Gali, always remained mining a while after the day was done, but usually caught up to Orin by now. Orin, assuming Gali was just taking his time, stopped at an iron arch to wait for him, counting the carvings on the wall to pass the time. After a few minutes of waiting, though, Orin began to fear something had gone wrong. He waited a bit more, but Gali never came. Walking back towards the mines, Orin began to hear an occasional faint moan. "Must be a rat." He assured himself. "Must be." The moans were growing louder, closer, almost more human. They were more and more frequent, as if the sound itself was following Orin. Soon it appeared that it was not just one creature, but many, their grunts and moans coming from all directions. Orin's stride began to pick up speed, the dim torchlight leading the way. Finally, Orin spotted someone. The figure was barely visible at the end of the hall, the dim light casting his shadow across the floor. Though his features were shrouded in the darkness, Orin could tell that he walked with a limp, and his posture was crippled and loose. There was another moan, and this time it came from the crippled figure. Orin wanted to help the poor whatever-he-was, but for some reason he felt afraid to. He didn't know where the figure had come from, or where he was headed. Orin decided to play it safe and pretend he never saw him. Orin, walking back down the hall, turned his head to look back at the figure. The figure stopped in his tracks. Then, after a few seconds of deathly silence, the figure raised his head and looked into Orin's eyes. The figure's eyes seemed to stare like an animal's, locking on to its prey before a pounce. Then the figure began to bolt towards Orin. Orin, his eyes lit with panic, began to run, occasionally looking back at the figure, who was growing closer by the second. The figure ran sloppily, stumbling every few steps with its arms jolting and flailing. By now, Orrin had started to think of the figure as an "it". Now that he was in eyesight, Orin could see that the figure's skin was flaking and parts of it were decaying. Large chunks of flesh had rotted off and its left eye was hanging loosely from its socket. Orin, gathering his senses, spotted a weapons rack on the wall at the end of the corridor. Eyeing a large axe towards the center of the rack, he went into a sprint. A few feet from the rack, the figure swiped its limp hand in Orin's direction. Orin instinctively grabbed the axe and swung it into the figure's throat, sending its decrepit head tumbling to the dusty floor, and a spurt of blood staining the opposite wall. The head rolled onto its side, its intact eye resting in a puddle of blood. Only then did Orin realize it was a dwarf. The head's braided hair and dwarven helmet made that clear. The head's wiry beard was still marinating in the blood. Orin's jaw dropped in pain and horror. The figure wasn't a stranger. That face. Those eyes. A tear of a pain and confusion fell from Orin's eye. He had killed Gali. Aragorn Minas Tirith: capital of Gondor. It lie at the heart of the united Gondor and Arnor, ruled by the benevolent King Aragorn since Sauron's defeat. Its magnificent white tower of Ecthelion appeared to touch the heavens and