Hey, hey, my Lovelies! Okay, so you've all been waiting for this with anticipation, I know so here you go :3 This sequel will be 13 years after the Clouded Joy Epilogue, meaning the cubs will turn 16 at some point on this story. It will have their points of view in and will tell their story, with a side of Seth and Chris :3 Now, some of you may be concerned about stories being taken down. I will continue to post here until and if this is taken down. Since Clouded Joy is already finished, it wouldn't be as affecting if it was taken down, just saddening :( BUT it's still there for you guys to enjoy for now so keep enjoying CJ and now, Clouded Destiny! :D This story is dedicated to my Little Brother, who has made my days more joyful and fulfilling than I could have ever imagined :3 I'm so proud of you and I love you more than I can express, Puppy :3 I adore all my Kiwi boys, you know who you are, but you are my most cherished :3 Disclaimer: I don't own twilight! Unfortunately... D: Without further ado...Enjoy! Chapter One New Meat Seth's Point of View Smash! My eyes shot open in shock, widening considerably as my heart raced. I lay face down in my pillow, comforter pulled up to my waist and alone in our king-sized bed. Chris would be cooking breakfast right now, no doubt. Damn it, I hate waking up alone, not having his warm body to cuddle up to and fight off the morning chill of La Push. I sighed heavily, turning and sitting up in bed with a stretch just as a bout of shouting began downstairs. I rolled my eyes but couldn't help the smile that spread across my face. Every morning like clockwork, the boys would find something to fight over. It's been tradition for the last 10 years or so. I could hear my mate scolding them, something that had also been part of the tradition, as I climbed out of bed and headed for the shower. I only bothered with my usual cut offs after I dried myself off and vigorously towel dried my hair. Making the bed swiftly, I left the bedroom and followed the amazing aromas drifting up the stairs from the kitchen. Damn, my mate was an awesome cook. Breezing into the kitchen, I came to an abrupt halt in the doorway, amusement instantly taking its toll on me as I watched PT and MJ, my boys, fighting over a pancake whilst trying not to tear it as they tugged it between them. It was inevitable but they would never learn. At their feet, a plate lay smashed, one that I begrudgingly identified as one of my favourites. I rolled my eyes. That's the last of those plates then. I thought dryly. Sensing my presence, Chris turned to grin at me over his shoulder, making my heart skip a beat, even after all these years. I blew him a kiss and he winked but not before the inevitable happened and the blueberry pancake that the boys were tugging on tore between them. Then they started to shout louder, blaming the other for ruining their Papa's famous, delicious pancakes. Having had enough, SJ sighed and stood up, speaking firmly but softly to both of them as he stepped between them, a hand on both their chests. I smiled and shook my head; I loved waking up to this. I have been for the few months. I watched as my youngest cub, my SJ, sent both boys to sit at either side of the table, half of the pancake in each of their hands, before stooping down to pick up the plate that they smashed between them. Instantly, they both protested, telling their brother to leave it and that they would clear it up since it was their doing. Well they do have a sense of responsibility on their shoulders then. I thought, amused. I winked and kissed SJ's head as he breezed passed me in the doorway, after ignoring his brothers, to dispose of the broken pottery. I walked further into the room, kissing my other two boys on the tops of their heads, despite their weak protests. I knew they liked it it really, especially judging by the grins on their faces afterwards. That's right; they may be 15, nearly 16 years old but they will never be too old for Daddy kisses and snuggles. SJ especially loved our snuggle times to give them up for anything. I sat down just as Chris placed a heaping pile of pancakes in front of me. I smiled up at him in thanks and promptly dug right in, humming and nodding in appreciation with every bite. Damn, my man could cook. Wait, have I already said that? Oh well. When the boys finished teir breakfasts, or PT and MJ at least, they got to their feet and instantly began to push and shove each other on the way to the sink. All I could do was smile and shaking my head behind their backs, amused by their constantly tussling. I rose to my feet also, ready to take my own plate to the sink when I felt his presence behind me. I smiled widely and leaned back into him. "It's like we're raising a pack of animals." Chris murmured in my ear. I giggled. "Well, we are, technically." I replied, teasingly. He laughed and shook his head, slapping my ass as he passed me to head for the shower. Three simultaneous groans surged through the kitchen. "Ew, Papa, really?" PT griped, screwing his face up. "Papa, you can't slap Dad's ass!" MJ protested. SJ grimaced but stayed silent, shaking his head. Chris looked at me with his eyebrows raised and I could see the mirth in their depths. Me, I just stood there and blushed, smiling. "Why the hell not? Have you seen his ass? It's too slap-able to just ignore it." he tried to reason, throwing a wink my way. I giggled as they groaned louder. "That's freaking gross!" PT whined, covering his ears. MJ quickly reached for his backpack. "You know what, we'll see you later." he said in a rush, heading for the front door with a piece of toast sticking out his mouth. He was gone in the next second, shaking his head as he slammed the door shut. "Ditto." PT seconded, copying his big brother. He too left without a goodbye. I laughed and shook his head, glancing at SJ. Chris had laughed after MJ left and I could already hear the shower running. SJ stood up slower, never in any rush to be anywhere, and rinsed out his bowl before slipping it into the sink. He turned to me with a smirk and shook his head. "That was gross." he pointed out. I shrugged. He chuckled. "I better head to school. Banana will be waiting. Do you mind fi she comes over later?" I shook my head. "Nope, she's always welcome, you know that." I replied. He grinned and nodded, picking up his backpack. "I see you later, Dad." he murmured, leaning in for a hug. I hugged him tightly. I loved that he hadn't grown out of his want to be close to people. I kissed his cheek and even though he blushed, he didn't protest. "Be good at school and for God's sake, keep those two out of trouble, would you?" I chuckled. He smiled and nodded before heading towards the door, pausing briefly to call his farewells to his Papa. When the door closed behind him, I turned and set about cleaning up Chris' breakfast mess. Fifteen minutes later, a set of warm, strong arms wrapped around my mid-section, pulling me back against a broad chest. I smiled and leaned back but continued with washing the dishes. Chris buried his face in my neck for a few minutes, inhaling deeply before he pulled back and placed his lips against my ear. "You didn't have to do this, you know? I would have done it." he said, gesturing to the soapy water. I shrugged slightly. "You can repay me by drying." I replied, grinning at him over my shoulder. He chuckled and nodded, pecking my lips before he moved from behind em to beside me, picking up the dish towel to dry the bowl I passed him. We worked in companionable silence, the comfort level so high that it was like we moved as one. Chris put the dishes away as he dried them, making the job even quicker. He'd lean over for a kiss every few minutes but apart from that, he behaved himself. "What time do you have work?" "Not for another hour and a half." he informed me, shooting a leering grin my way. I raised my eyebrows and nodded, trying to hide my smirk. "Oh, is that so?" I murmured, bowing my head as my grin won out. The next thing I knew, a growl rang through my head and I was hoisted up in the air. I squealed and wrapped myself around my husband, giggling maniacally as he bounded up the stairs to our bedroom, planting wet, sloppy kisses and raspberries up and down my neck and shoulders as he went. Seth Jacob's Point of View (SJ) Arriving at school, I couldn't see my brothers anywhere. They were mentally scarred for life every time they saw Dad and Papa being... affectionate . Just the other day, they left the dinner table when they shared a kiss. It doesn't both me, to be honest and found their reactions rather amusing. I thought it was cute. They still looked so happy together, after 16 years, and they were so very much in love still. I wanted that. Walking into the parking lot, I spotted Alex and Sammy Jr standing by Sammy's car. They waved over before returning to their conversation and I returned the gesture, heading towards the usual spot where I met up with Banana, aka Chelsea. Chelsea was my best friend, always has been since she was born. We were joined at the hip and when we were together, Dad, Papa and Leah, her mom and my auntie, loved to watch us. Yeah, it was kind of creepy but who were we to deny them their entertainment. I spotted Banana before she did me and I crept up behind her, pinching her sides. She squealed and gasped, turning swiftly to see who made her jump and scowled when she saw me. I grinned innocently and she rolled her eyes, throwing her arms around my shoulders in a hug. She could never stay mad at me for too long. "You meanie! You made me jump!" She giggled, pulling away from me to kiss my cheek. I laughed. "That was the point, Silly Banana." I sighed, smirking. She rolled her eyes. I chuckled and graciously took her bag, throwing it over my shoulder with my own as we made our way towards home room. "How're you this morning?" "I'm freaking tired. I was up all night working on the English essay that's due in this morning." she groaned, rubbing her eyes. "You mean the one I've been reminding and badgering you to do for the last week?" I teased, grinning down at her. She slapped my arm with a huff. "Yes, okay, I should have listened instead of finding us something else to do but it was just as boring as I thought it was going to be. Why does Auntie Rachel have to be so hard on us?" She whined. I shrugged. "maybe because she loves us and wants us to succeed in life?" I asked, reasonably. She snorted. "Or she secretly hates us and she's venting it through our school work." she retorted. I rolled my eyes. "oh yea, sure, that has to be it." I replied sarcastically. "Auntie