Chapter 1: Prologue This story follows Oliver Wood's childhood friend, Madeline Palmer. Other than the extra characters I've created to give the story depth, everything is meant to be canon. I hope you enjoy! There was nothing Madeline Palmer loved more than Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. Growing up, Madeline begged and begged her parents to let her attend school as soon as possible. When she turned ten, she cried because she had gotten her hopes up that the letter might come a year early, as her great aunt Gwenog had assured her that she was terribly bright. The day she turned eleven and finally received her letter, she cried again. She felt like her life was finally beginning. Both of Madeline's parents had been Gryffindors, but they had never made an effort to persuade her that this was the best House; they rightly wanted Madeline to find her own way. They had also hoped that growing up as the best friend of Oliver Wood, whose parents had also been Gryffindors, would have its influence on her. The two had been inseparable since they could crawl, and their parents doubted very much that this would change as they went off to school. Knowing Oliver and Madeline would look after each other comforted their parents a great deal. When the day came for Madeline to make her way to Hogwarts at long last, she awoke with a nervous twitch, causing her small body to jump. She had been dreaming about playing Quidditch at Hogwarts; but, in the dream, she had fallen from her broom, taken down by a Bludger to the ribs. She clutched at her chest and felt that nothing had been broken, and realised that she was still in her bed. The sun hadn't yet risen, but she was far too excited to go back to sleep, so Madeline stretched and got out of bed. Anxious to get to Hogwarts and meet her future friends and classmates, Madeline had packed the night before, giving her nothing to do now except get dressed and go to the kitchen for breakfast. As she found her clothes, she noticed that her owl was awake. He had been her 10th birthday present, as she had insisted on having the owl before she received her Hogwarts letter, if only just to prove that she could care for one. Her barn owl was the most beautiful creature she had ever laid eyes on, in her opinion—it had large black eyes and a white face that reminded her of a lily pad. Madeline had named him Augustus, which Oliver Wood had found to be a bit stupid. Augustus was staring straight at her, obviously as ready to go as she. Once in the kitchen, she fixed herself some toast and heard her parents moving about. They made their way groggily to the kitchen. "Maddie, it's five in the morning. Why are you awake?" her mother Olivia asked, moaning a bit. "I couldn't sleep, and I was hungry," Madeline replied. Madeline's father Henry grunted and slumped into the chair next to her, his head resting on the table. Madeline giggled. "It's not that early." "Sun s'not up," he said. Madeline and her mother Olivia both chuckled. After eating, Madeline took some toast to Augustus. He didn't like his cage and had squawked loudly when she had locked him up. When he looked at her in the most mournful way, Madeline pouted and said, "I'm sorry. You know I have to. It's just for today, and then you'll be free to roam the grounds at Hogwarts. You'll love it there." Augustus turned his head from her and began staring out the window. Madeline sighed. "I know. I want to be there, too." Madeline lied down on her bed and closed her eyes, hoping to find a few more hours of sleep. This time, she dreamt of being Head Girl, of playing Quidditch with Oliver, and of learning how to be a Healer like her mum; she saw herself meeting handsome boys, taking walks around the lake, and maybe even falling in love; she saw herself (older, prettier, and with longer, straighter hair) being the best Gryffindor of them all. She wanted to make her parents proud. Too soon, it seemed, her mother was shaking her. Madeline didn't want to wake—the dream was too good to let go. "Maddie, sweetie, we've got to go. Don't want to miss the train, do you?" Madeline popped straight up. "I'm awake!" Madeline's mother smiled and helped her daughter take her things to the small sitting room. Madeline's father was going to see her off at King's Cross and then go to work. "Ready? Remember how to Floo?" Madeline nodded eagerly as she took the powder from her father. She stepped up to the fireplace, threw the powder in, and after the flames turned green, she stepped in and said, "The Leaky Cauldron!" Her mother, carrying Augustus, followed suit, and her father, holding her trunk, was the last to arrive. The little family then took a cab from the Leaky Cauldron to King's Cross. There, in between platforms nine and ten, Madeline stopped. She was about to begin her journey to Hogwarts. Her eyes prickled with tears she sought to hold back. It's finally happening , she thought. "Henry! Olivia!" Madeline turned around to see Oliver Wood's parents addressing her own. Oliver pulled his cart right up beside hers as their parents greeted each other. "Alright, Maddie?" he asked, his eyes trained on the barrier. Madeline nodded and looked at her best friend. He was only a little taller than her, but he somehow gave the impression of looking much bigger. "And you, Oliver?" "Good," he replied firmly. They were both nervously staring at the barrier and didn't notice their parents gazing fondly at the pair of them. "Want to run it together?" Oliver asked after checking his watch. It was 10:40—they had twenty minutes before the train was to leave. Madeline's reply was a quick nod and a small noise that had been the word "yes" before her mouth had smothered it. "On three?" Madeline nodded her response once again. Then, before Madeline could make another nervous noise, Oliver counted, "One, two, three!" They ran, perhaps a touch too quickly, through the barrier and onto Platform Nine and Three-Quarters. When they came out on the other side, they nearly ran into a couple trying to leave. Madeline and Oliver moved aside and stared at the Hogwarts Express for the first time, their jaws slack with awe. It was just as Madeline had always dreamt it would look: much like a scarlet bullet. "Wow," was all she could say. Oliver was grinning, first at the train, then at Madeline, and finally at his parents as they made their way through the barrier. Once their belongings were loaded, Oliver and Madeline said goodbye to their parents. They both promised to write and to behave, and after promising she would miss them and that she loved them, Madeline was allowed to board the train. Oliver followed looking just as she felt: nervous and excited. "Reckon we'll both be in Gryffindor?" he said as they took their seats in the compartment they'd found. "Hope so," she said, smiling. The train began pulling out of the station at 11:00 am sharp, and Oliver and Madeline waved out of the window at their parents, who didn't disapparate until their children were gone from their sight. "I wonder what our favourite subjects will be," said Madeline, her face scrunched up with thought. "I think I'll like Transfiguration. Mr. Ollivander said my wand is good for it." "I thought you wanted to be a Healer?" said Oliver. "I do!" Madeline replied. "But what if I'm better at something else?" "Ollivander said my wand was 'springy.' Wonder what that means?" "Sounds like you'll have a hard time holding on to it," said Madeline. As they laughed, a girl approached their compartment and stood near the door. She was shorter than both Madeline and Oliver, and she had pretty, straight blonde hair. Madeline was instantly jealous; her own hair was a dull brownish-red that was messy and mildly wavy and irritated her more than anything she'd yet encountered. "Hi," she said quietly. "Er, I was wondering if I could sit with you?" "Sure!" said Oliver. Madeline nodded happily. "Thanks," she replied, looking relieved. She sat next to Madeline. "I'm Claire. Claire Denson." "I'm Madeline Palmer," said Madeline quickly. Her nerves had her nearly bouncing. "And I'm Oliver Wood." "Nice to meet you. D'you know each other already?" Both Madeline and Oliver nodded, looking at each other. "Yeah, we're mates," said Oliver. "We grew up together," added Madeline. "That's neat," said the girl, looking dispirited. "I don't know anyone. My parents aren't magic at all. It was quite a shock, I'll tell you. They thought my letter was a nasty prank by the kids at school. Professor Dumbledore had to show up and everything. They're professors too, so I suppose they liked him. They're excited for me, now, though." "You've met Dumbledore? Is he amazing?" asked Madeline, her eyes wide. "He's brilliant and so kind. I'm thrilled to start learning; I've already read all our books, but I'm nervous that I won't know as much since I'm... well, Dumbledore said I was 'Muggle-born.'" "Well that's alright," said Madeline. "My mum told me it's not uncommon. I've read through our books as well, so we should be at the same level." Claire's face brightened at these words, at the prospect of not being lonely. She beamed at Madeline. "Do you know which House you prefer?" asked Oliver. "I'm not sure, really. All I know is what was in Hogwarts, A History . Gryffindor seems to be the most popular, though, it's in all the stories—" "That's the House our parents were in," said Madeline. "My dad said he couldn't imagine being a Slytherin, but my mum shut him up. She said it'd be fine whichever I wanted to be in," said Oliver. "So… they're all good?" "From what I know," said Madeline with a nod. "And when I was buying my supplies, I saw this broomstick store. It seemed popular too. Do you know anything about that?" Oliver grinned and Madeline laughed as he began explaining Quidditch. Claire was properly horrified by the thought of such a dangerous sport, and they neglected to mention that it had an even more dodgy past. Madeline and Oliver were so excited for her to see her first match that Claire couldn't help being curious. The discussion of Quidditch lasted until lunchtime, as Oliver was sharing with Claire his copy of Quidditch Through the Ages , when a plump lady with a food cart came by. The three found their pocket money and Madeline instantly asked for Cauldron Cakes. "What should I try?" said Claire, frowning. Oliver stepped out and pointed at the treats and began explaining. He too bought some Cauldron Cakes, but also bought some Chocolate Frogs. Claire settled for nearly one of everything; she wanted to try as much as possible. Madeline advised her not to try the Pepper Imps. "I want to learn how to bake Cauldron Cakes," said Madeline through a mouthful of her cake. Claire kept asking questions about the sweets she had purchased, and Oliver and Madeline enjoyed explaining things to her. After all of the treats were devoured, the discussion turned to the one Claire was most nervous about: actually learning magic. "I'm scared I'll be rubbish," she said once more, wringing her small hands together. Madeline put a hand on her shoulder. "Most of us are." Soon the train was slowing down, and an older student poked their head in to tell them they might want to change, as they would be there soon. They all opened their trunks and pulled out a set of their uniforms. Oliver offered to leave so they could change. When he came