Chapter 1: Beginnings "Faith is the bird that feels the light when the dawn is still dark." — Rabindranath Tagore The Hogwarts Express arrived back at King's Cross late in the evening, and while Madeline would have been happy to simply apparate home with her parents and be off to sleep, she was whisked away before she could find them. Elaine was the first to break her away from Oliver and his parents. She met Mr. and Mrs. Ellison, and they were as Madeline had always expected: tanned, well-to-do, and carefree-looking people. If she could get a week or two away from her family and McGonagall's training, she would certainly want to visit Cornwall for a proper holiday. Next was Claire, whose Muggle parents Madeline hadn't seen in two or three years. They hugged her tightly, told her that they appreciated all she had done for their daughter, and then promised to have her over at their home (which was in Lancaster) soon as well. Claire gave Madeline a teary-eyed hug and then made her way into Muggle London with her parents. Madeline spun around looking for her or Oliver's parents when she saw Nicolas approaching her, a sort of constricted look on his face. Looking past him, she saw a man at least thirty years Nick's senior following his path. The man resembled Nicolas—or, perhaps, Nicolas resembled him: tall, hair as black as night, pale blue eyes. Nicolas stopped in front of her, stepped aside, and introduced his father to her. "Madeline Palmer, meet my father, William Tennant." "Mr. Tennant, it's a pleasure to meet you," said Madeline, her hand extended towards him. When he didn't reach to shake her hand, she dropped it. "Madeline Palmer," he said, gazing at her intently for a moment. She forced a smile, glanced at Nicolas, watched as he took a deep breath, and then she heard William Tennant laugh. "I remember seeing you on this platform many years ago, and I thought you were such a scrawny little mouse. Time does wonderful things for those who are fortunate," said Nicolas' father, a charming grin crossing his once-stern face. "You'll have to grace us with your presence someday soon. Truly, our home seems to be void of any beauty as of late." "Have you not met Margaret yet, then?" asked Madeline, smiling. "She's a greater beauty than I, I assure you. As is Claire, I believe—her eyes are something to be reckoned with." "Have I met these women, son?" "Margaret Bradbury is the woman to whom I am currently attached, father. Claire is a dear friend of ours, a clever Muggleborn witch who—" "Ah, yes, I remember you telling me of the Muggleborn years ago. Denson, wasn't it?" "Yes, sir." Before the elder Mr. Tennant could respond, there was a shout of "Nick!" and Margaret Bradbury joined them, looking more the part of a doting future wife than Madeline could ever hope to manage. After Nicolas made the formal introduction, he gave Madeline a quick, dismissive hug. "Go find your parents. I'll see you soon, alright?" Madeline nodded and took off. It didn't take long for her to spot her own father in the crowd. He was wearing the vest she had given him for Christmas. "Where have you been?" asked her mother, who seemed more on edge than usual. "I was stopped by my friends and their families. Claire's family wants me to visit, as does Elaine's," said Madeline, hugging both of her parents. "I've missed you." "Let's get Augustus and your trunk and get you home," said her father. That night, though she ate a brief meal with her parents, she mostly settled Augustus and her things back in her room and fell straight to sleep. It wasn't until she heard Augustus hoot that she realised that someone had unlocked and opened her window. She was so accustomed to Hogwarts' safety measures that she had forgotten how vulnerable she was away from school. Madeline scrambled to grab her wand from her bedside table, her heart pounding, when Oliver pulled himself through her window. "Oliver," she said, half-relieved and half-angry. "Would you rather me apparate from now on?" he asked. She placed her wand back on her bedside table and met him halfway to her bed. He pulled her into his arms. "I haven't thought about it, to be honest," she said, her face pressed to his chest. "I just wanted to see you again," he said. They made it to Madeline's bed and did nothing but fall into a much-needed sleep. The next morning, though, caused some alarm within the Wood household. Gwendolyn Wood was the first to notice her son's absence, and she woke her husband far sooner than he would have liked. Groggy and irritable, Paul Wood did not feel like dealing with any trouble so early. It was just after daybreak. "Paul, our son is missing!" said Gwen, swatting her husband in the head with a pillow. "He's not missing , love, just because he's not in his room. Oliver doesn't go missing . He's at the pitch or he's with Madeline, like always." "You think he's already over at Olivia and Henry's?" "I'd bet my ol' Silver Arrow that's where our lad's at," he said, yawning. "Should I…" "No. Let them be." "Just how long am I supposed to 'let them be'?" "How often did I used to sneak into your room?" "Far more often than I would have liked, to be honest—" "Such lies!" shouted Paul Wood, who sat up from his bed to see his wife grinning. "You always begged me to stay." "I did no such thing! I wonder..." "My dear, if this is really bothering you, have Olivia or Henry check on them. Or simply come back to bed and allow me to distract you." Before she could respond, there was a tapping on the window of their room. The sound had come from the beak of a beautiful barn owl. "Isn't that Madeline's owl?" "It is," said Gwen. As she allowed the owl to enter, she noticed a small note clasped in its beak. "It's from Olivia. He's there. She found them asleep in Maddie's bed. Fully clothed, it says." At this, Paul Wood laughed. "See, not a thing to worry about. Now come back to bed." After letting the poor dears sleep, Olivia woke them up for lunch. Their parents were all gathered in the Palmer's kitchen. "Would you two like some tea?" asked Olivia. "Yes, please," said Madeline, who was still rubbing her eyes and leaning against Oliver's chest. "None for me, thanks," said Oliver. As they joined their parents at the table, Madeline had the decency to feel embarrassed, but Oliver seemed completely unperturbed, even after the awkward questions. "So how often will we be finding you stowed away in Maddie's room, son?" asked Paul, his tone nonchalant. Oliver shrugged, and Madeline thanked her mother for the tea. When no one else spoke, Madeline's father cleared his throat. "I want to make it clear that I trust you both immeasurably," said Henry Palmer, looking at Oliver and Madeline with his calm gaze. "You're both adults, and if you are prepared to be treated as such, I have no qualms with that." "Henry," said his wife, her voice betraying shock. "Thank you, sir," said Oliver, who straightened his back. "I appreciate it." Madeline smiled, thankful, at her father. "That having been said," Henry continued, "we need to discuss your last letter, Maddie." "Yes, we do," she said. Oliver took her hand. "Where would you like to begin?" "How about you tell us where this change of mind came from?" said Henry. "A few days before the end of term, McGonagall told me that she had written to the Department of Magical Law Enforcement on my behalf." "Minerva McGonagall sent in a recommendation for you?" asked Paul. Madeline had to control a grin—his eyebrows landed in the same place as Oliver's had when she broke the news to him. "She did. She has also offered to take me as her Transfiguration pupil, with Dumbledore's blessing and everything. She will personally be continuing my education, insofar as Transfiguration is concerned. This offer is to stand, and has been accepted, despite my career path." "And is this what you want? To continue studying Transfiguration?" asked Henry. Madeline smiled at her father. "It is. I believe it to be a great honor." "McGonagall probably hasn't had an apprentice in many years," said Gwen, shaking her head in disbelief. "An honor, indeed." "And when is this to start?" asked Olivia. "Whenever I hear from McGonagall," said Madeline quickly. "She said she'd send me an owl once the term had ended." "The Auror department won't send out offers for a few weeks," said Paul, scratching his bearded chin. "So you won't need to make a decision immediately." "Perhaps you'd like to still train at St Andrews until that time?" asked Henry. "Can I do that?" Madeline asked, looking from her mother to her father. Many years ago, Olivia Palmer had made an arrangement with the Healers at St Andrews that would allow Madeline to train there the summer after she left Hogwarts. Madeline hadn't been sure that the offer was still standing. "Would you still want to?" asked Olivia. "You seem pretty set on being an Auror." "Nothing is set right now," she replied, shrugging. "We left school yesterday, after all. Don't these things take time?" "They do, my dear," said Henry. "They do, indeed." Madeline awoke the next morning expecting to see her four-poster and patchwork quilt, circular fake windows, and Elaine Ellison bobbing around the room getting prepared for the day. Instead, she found herself in her old bedroom, which she had not had time to clean or tidy at all. It was quite the mess—books in precarious piles in every corner, trunk lying open, clothes strewn about as if she could never decide what to wear, and other bits and bobs were carelessly littered in literally every part of the room. Frowning, Madeline rolled over and sighed. She'd never been a messy person, but she hadn't had the will to unpack or de-clutter her room since she'd been home. A few days passed, and Madeline didn't hear from McGonagall. The most she had done was make plans with Claire and send Augustus to Cornwall. She didn't expect him to return for a few days. While she had plenty of time to sleep and relax, her body was still very much on a school schedule. Except for the first morning, she hadn't broken her routine of rising early. "Darling, you need to go back to bed," said her mother, frowning. "Why could you possibly want to be up this early?" "Habit?" said Madeline with a shrug. It was the Friday after having left school. Their daughter was sitting upright at the kitchen table, her legs tucked to her side, and a plate of half-eaten food pushed towards the corner of the table. A newspaper-looking set of parchment was sprawled in its place. Her wavy hair had been pulled into a plait the night before and had somehow survived a night of fitful sleep, and her Hufflepuff jumper was paired with tartan pajama shorts and Puddlemere socks. This—looking like a frightful mess, at least in her opinion—was what she had missed the most about being at home. At school she was held to a standard of perfection, as Oliver had once said, and had met it willingly. But at home, surrounded by only family and those as close as family, she was free to look however she pleased. It was a freedom that she had somehow not fully felt during her school breaks. She had not, however, missed her mom's nagging. "Did you make breakfast?" asked her father, who seemed, as per usual, mildly amused. "Yep. Help yourselves," she said. "So, last night, I received my first copy of Transfiguration Today. I've just subscribed, and