Pairing: Cato x Madge Fandom: The Hunger Games A/N: This is a totally strange pairing that I am completely in love with at the moment and I don't know why. There is not an awful lot of fanfiction about them, so here is my shot at it. I know I have two other stories to complete, but I am just really in love with Madge at the moment. And Clara Oswald. "Primrose Everdeen!" The name rings out, loud and clear, through the silent square. It takes a second for her to process whose name it is, but when she does, Madge feels like she's been punched in the gut. Not Prim, little Prim, who smiles and greets everyone in the streets. Whose life has only just started. And then she thinks of Katniss, Madge's only friend, and the thinks, for a second, that she'll do it; she'll volunteer. It's best if she does, she decides. No one will miss her like they will miss Prim, and if she doesn't, then Katniss probably will and she can't let her do that. Prim and Mrs Everdeen would never survive alone. "I volunteer! I volunteer as tribute!" Madge is nearly sick, because she recognises the voice, and it is not her own. She watches, her face crumpled with worry, as Katniss Everdeen mounts the stage and announces to the whole of Panem who she is. When Peeta Mellark is reaped, Madge feels like she's been shot multiple times. Peeta used to be her friend, when she was younger, and whenever they see each other, they exchange pleasantries and laugh at each others' jokes. Now two of her friends are going to fight to the death, and there's absolutely nothing she can do about it. Madge feels her leg jigging up and down as she sits and waits to see Katniss. Her fingers fumble with the golden Mockingjay pin on her pristine dress and she formulates, carefully, in her head what could potentially be her last words to Katniss. It doesn't go according to plan, of course, because the words disappear from her head as soon as she enters the room. She just remembers pushing the pin into the other girl's hands and ordering her to wear it as a token. The next thing she knows, Madge is stood outside the back door of her house and she is crying really hard. After a few minutes- maybe hours, but who's counting?- Madge picks herself up and walks into her house, pulling on a warmer coat and thick boots and filling a bag full of food and money. She's running out of her house into the dark, and she's about to lift her hand to knock on the Everdeen's door, when she hears a loud voice from the inside that she recognises as Gale Hawthorne. Panicking, she drops the bag quietly onto the doorstep and takes off back into the night. The following days are hectic. All she properly remembers is standing in the square and laughing with elation at Twelve's tribute parade, and then gasping in horror as Peeta professes his love for Katniss. She takes rations of food to the Everdeen's everyday, making sure she cannot be seen, and for every day she does it, she feels more and more hope that maybe- just maybe- Katniss can come out alive. All her hopes disappear when Katniss joins with Peeta. Madge knows immediately that Katniss will have to play up the love story for the Capitol to keep them both alive, and she also knows that Peeta will be her downfall. Katniss will not let Peeta die, and so probably will kill herself for him. Surprisingly, they get down to the final three, after Cato murders Thresh and then is chased off by a pack of mutts. And there is a promise of two Victors, but Madge knows the Capitol- or rather, President Snow- and she knows that there is no way that will be allowed to happen. The final show down is quick and simple. Cato attacks Peeta and breaks his neck in one fell swoop. Katniss takes a second to process what has happened, and that is the mistake she makes. In that second, a lot of things happen. Madge hears Prim and Mrs Everdeen and Gale scream in one corner, and she thinks her screams are there, too. Madge can feel herself getting woozy and she knows that she'll collapse soon, but she can't not know the ending. She watches, with her stomach in her throat and her hands on the wall for support, as a mutt launches itself from the undergrowth and rips Katniss to shreds. The last thing she sees before she blacks out is Cato's horrified face as he lets go of Peeta's body and stares at Katniss as she is literally torn apart. She wakes up in the Everdeen house, laying in a small bed she immediately realises must have belonged to Katniss, and she scrambles out of it so fast she falls to the floor with a thud. Mrs Everdeen comes rushing in at the noise, and helps her to her feet. "I'm sorry," Madge cries, tears blurring her vision. "I'm sorry." Mrs Everdeen holds her like she is her mother, and Madge cries even more. She hears the small door creak open and seees Prim enter cautiously, tears still falling from her eyes. The little girl crosses the room and joins in the hug, and Madge starts crying even harder, because Prim had just lost a sister, and yet she insists on comforting both her mother and Madge. "Thank you for the food, dear," Mrs Everdeen says later, when they're all cried out and just sat at the small table. Madge smiles a sad smile at them. "I couldn't let you starve." "We both know Gale would never allow that to happen," Mrs Everdeen points out. "Or Mr Mellark, who Katniss told to help us." Madge sighs. "I don't really know why I did it. I mean, obviously it was because I cared for you and I didn't want you to die, but I knew Gale would look after you. Maybe I just felt like I was helping Katniss, somehow." Mrs Everdeen nods, but looks off into the distance. "I have to think about how we'll survive now. The only reason before was because of... well, you know." Madge knows she's thinking about Katniss again, and so tries to change the subject slightly. "We're taking people on." At Mrs Everdeen's confused face, she elaborates. "At our house. We have job vacancies. I know it's not want you'd want to do, but my father pays well, and it can just be for a little while." Mrs Everdeen looks like she is about to cry again. "You're very kind, thank you. I think I'll take you up on the offer." Madge smiles and can forget, for a while, what happened in the Games. It's time for the Victory Tour, and Madge doesn't think she's ever been less prepared for anything in her life. As the Mayor's daughter, there's certain things she has to do for the Victor. In Twelve, it's the tradition that she presents the Victor with a bouquet of flowers to show her appreciation, which means she will have to associate with the man who killed Peeta. Then, there's always a ball in Twelve, as it's the last District before his home one, and she has to attend. That means two new dresses for the amount of money that a small family could live on for three months, and probably a dance with the man who killed her friends. She's had to for the last few Victors. As the day of the Tour in Twelve drew nearer, Madge feels steadily more sick. Her dresses- one short, cute one for the stage and one long, shimmering one for the ball- are ready and waiting in her wardrobe. The flowers for Cato have arrived and are sat on the kitchen table. And Effie Trinkett arrives a day early to make sure that everything is in order. She takes a special shine to Madge, especially when she finds out her and Katniss were friends, and helps her to say her lines and how exactly she should hand over the flowers. Madge likes Effie, even though she is a little to loud and pink, because she obviously feels some kind of regret for Katniss and Peeta. Once, Madge saw someone mention the name Katniss, and Effie had to excuse herself to go and cry. It's getting better, Madge thinks. It must be, because Capitol people are upset about tributes dying, and not just because they were their favourites, but because they got to know them as real people. Cato emerges onto the stage, and a few people cheer because it's mandatory, but a lot of people remain awkwardly silent. Madge herself only claps because it's polite and because they might find a way to punish her father if she doesn't. He doesn't look particularly victorious, as he did in the other Districts. Rather, he looks quite upset and sad, even in his vibrant suit. Madge thinks he must have been told to look upset to make him a crowd favourite. Then he really surprises her by sliding the cards he had held in his hands behin his back. "I am sorry," he begins. "For the terrible loss of your tributes. I admired Katniss for her strength and willingness to help others before herself. I admired Peeta for his strength to trick the Careers to keep Katniss safe. I admired them both, and was upset to be the person to kill one of them. I know apologies and nice words will not bring your tributes back," Madge could have sworn she saw his eyes flash to Prim. "But, if there had been any other way, I would have taken it in a heartbeat. I didn't want Katniss to die. I didn't want Peeta to die. I didn't want any of the tributes to die." He leaves the stage then, rather abruptly, which makes Madge start and look to Effie for guidance. Effie shrugs, unsure for once, and Madge is upset, more than anything, that the money was wasted on a dress no one even saw, when there are starving families. There's a commotion afterwards, when someone does the sign that was done as a collective group of people when Katniss went into the Games. Someone else does it, too, then another person, until everyone- even Madge, she realises- has their hands raised in the air. Then she feels someone grab her waist and pull her into the Justice Building. She sees it's Effie, who's looking around in worry. "We need to get you away," Effie is babbling. "We need to get you somewhere safe." "What-" Madge is trying to say, but is interrupted when Cato and his mentor come back into the room. Cato looks straight at her and she looks straight back at him, and his mentor is rambling about something. Effie rushes over to calm him down, and Cato takes the opportunity to walk away. Madge finds herself running after him, she's not sure why, and yelling at him to stop. He does and turns, his hair that was once gelled to perfection in a glinting golden mess, and his suit loose. "Did you mean it?" she finds herself demanding. "Did you mean what you said, about Katniss? About not wanting her to die?" Cato gives a delirious laugh. "Why do you think they didn't let me have an interview. I wouldn't stop rambling about how I wanted to save her, so they didn't let me on air. Put it down to trauma, but they wouldn't let me on because they thought I would just talk about how much I wanted her to go home." Madge finds herself almost crying again. "For Prim?" she guesses. "Her sister?" Cato asks, and she nods. "Yes." Madge smiles at him, then.