A/N: Hey there! I haven't written in a while for a handful of reasons, but mostly I just lost interest. I was writing but it didn't have that passion that I felt it deserved. I went to see Mockingjay, and that passion came back. Will this be Katniss/Finnick? Maybe. I don't know if it's going to be romantic at all. The Hunger Games was never a love story, and I'd hate to reduce it to that. Also this is completely un-beta'd so excuse any grammatical errors! As always, all legal rights etc. go to Suzanne Collins/Lionsgate/whomever. "Ladies and Gentlemen, the winner of the 74th Hunger Games, Katniss Everdeen!" I laugh. It's a hollow, sarcastic choked sound. Someone wet trickles down my cheek. My entire body throbs in pain. I'm alive. Am I alive? My name was entered in this year more times than I'd like to count. Tessarae, as disgusting as it felt to put my name down for it, helped put food on the table. And if I wrote my name down an extra time to deliver a bag to Hawthornes, Gale wouldn't have to know. Nobody was surprised when Effie Trinket enthusiastically called out "Katniss Everdeen". I was just another Seam girl, walking to her death. I had no illusions that I would be different. District 12's had only had two victors, ever. And it's not like Haymitch Abernathy is in all that great of a state. Dying didn't seem like the worst thing to me. The boy reaped was a twelve year old from the nicer part of town. Blond hair and pale skin, everyone would feel bad for him. He would be dead within a day. At least I knew how to hunt. I didn't fully realize the consequences of my situation until Prim and my mother came running in. They were both crying. I knew I couldn't just accept my fate. This would hurt my family. We already barely scraped by – there's no way they could actually eat if I wasn't around to hunt and trade. Gale wouldn't be able to pick up the slack, especially with him going into the mines next year after the harvest season. "You have to win," Prim begged. "I know." I didn't have enough time to say my goodbyes. A part of me wondered if they did that on purpose. There was no point wasting my time trying to figure out why anyone did anything. I doubt there was any reason to the Capitol masterminds' plans. If there was, it was definitely lost on me. The peacekeepers had to carry Prim out. Madge didn't come see me. I didn't blame her – she was never very good with goodbyes. I peered outside of the door to my waiting room. It vaguely crossed my mind that the chair in the corner is more expensive than my entire house. Somehow, the district could afford that luxury for someone who wouldn't ever sit in it again. Just when I thought that nobody else would come in to see me, the door creaked open. Gale. I barely registered that my legs were moving towards him until I found myself crashing into his chest. He wrapped his arms around me, and I let out a choked sob. He stroked my hair in an attempt to comfort me. "Shh, shh. Katniss, it's going to be fine," Gale promised, his voice a low whisper. I blubbered into his shirt. A part of me remembered that this was his one nice Reaping shirt, and that I should have tried to not get snot on it. "You know how to hunt." "Animals, not people!" "It's all the same thing." Somehow, I don't recognize him. The Gale I knew – I thought I knew – wouldn't even suggest doing something like that. "It's going to be okay, Katniss." I sniffled and wiped my nose on my hand. "You need to promise to take care of Prim. Prim and my mother. Don't let them take anything from the district – it's not worth it. I can't let her zone out again. She has to take care of my sister. And if she can't you have to-" Gale cut me off with a kiss. Our first. I never thought of us that way, but it made sense. His mouth was warm. Much like the rest of him, it felt so familiar to me. I wondered how long that had been building up. I wondered if there could have ever been an "us". Oh well. "I'll see you soon, okay?" "I hope so." I half-smiled, tracing the pad of my thumb over my bottom lip. Before that day, I had never been in a car. The unpaved gravel roads all over 12 had never bothered me before. But sitting there, bouncing up and down, I felt nauseous. The boy next to me – I wasn't sure if he was my teammate or opponent – sniffled. He was crying. Effie Trinket didn't even stop talking to notice. I squeezed his arm, half-smiling. "I'm Katniss." He shrugged. "It doesn't really matter." I bit my tongue. "What's your name?" "Tom." It seemed that Effie noticed I had spoken four whole words to Tom. She perked up immensely. "Aw, you two are getting chummy already! I like you much more than the last ones, they never talked. How boring! You two are going to love the Capitol, it's ah-mazing . And don't get me started on the train ride there. Two hundred miles an hour and you could balance a glass of water on the table. It's so smooth. Nothing like this… automobile." I decided that I really don't like Effie Trinket. Her complete ignorance of well, everything made no sense to me. She experienced the deaths of tributes every year. Yet somehow, she acted completely unfazed, and even excited about each Games. For the past five or six years she had been coming to 12 as an Escort, she had only gotpeppier. I had to bite down on my lip for the rest of the ride to prevent myself from saying something rude. Effie wasn't wrong about the train. It was nice, but that didn't mean I liked it. The luxury of a week's worth of food on a table at one time made me feel sick. People had so much while we had gone with so little. The temperature of the car was changed with a push of a button, and there were people to bring me food if I didn't feel like walking to the table or the car over. Everything reminded me of Madge's house. Overly expensive. Unnecessary. We never talk about the 50th Hunger Games. That specific Quarter Quell had a death count of forty-seven, and it was the second Games to be won by someone from 12. Haymitch Abernathy never left his house in the Victor's Village, except to frequent the liquor tables at the Hob. Once or twice, I saw him over for tea with Madge's mother, when she was feeling better. Outside of that, the only time he was ever in public was when he had to watch the reaping. He was old and miserable. From what little I knew about my mentor-to-be, I was hardly surprised when he stumbled into the car Tom and I were sitting in. He grunted in our general direction, and vomited into a bucket. "Drink," he mumbled in Effie's direction. "We don't have any ice," she gave him a tight lipped smile, motioning to the bucket in his hands. "Besides, isn't it a bit early to be drunk?" Haymitch sighed deeply, and pushed a button, dimming the lights. "You can't expect me to deal with you sober, darling . Well let's have a look at the fresh meat." "Hello, I'm Thomas, but you can call me Tom-" Haymitch cut him off. "Sit down, kid. Look, I'm gonna be honest. You ain't gonna last a week out there. You should enjoy the food, and write a letter to your family saying bye if you've got something to say." Tom slumped over. His face fell, but I felt my anger rise. I stood up angrily. The rational part of my mind told me that I needed to be on good terms with this man, that he was the only chance I had at possibly surviving. But I ignored that. "What the hell is your problem?" "Well that's no way for a lady to act, sweetheart. Don't worry, you'll be just as dead as your friend here…" Haymitch trailed off, and then flicked on the light, wincing. "Do I know you from somewhere?" "The Hob." "Oh shit, you're the turkey girl, aren't ya?" I nodded. Haymitch muttered something to himself. "Looks like we've got ourselves a hunter, yeah? Well, why don't we see who our competition is?" Tom went straight to his room, slamming the car door. I couldn't help but feel bad for him. Even though me winning would mean his death, Haymitch was just hurtful. "That wasn't very nice of you." "I've done this twenty-three times, and by the third, I could tell if anyone was worth the effort. That one sure isn't, but you might be, sweetheart." Effie got Tom out of his room an hour later. We all sat down in the television car and watched the recordings of the other district's reapings. The other tributes were terrifying. The Careers were brutal-looking and still, somehow beautiful. Besides them, only a few other people caught my eye – a strange looking girl from 5, and a girl from 11. She looked like she had to have only been twelve. She looked nothing like Prim, yet somehow reminded me of her. I felt bile rise in my throat. I may never see Prim again . Following Haymitch's advice in the Capitol took extreme willpower. For the first two days of training, I went to every station but the weapons, and it killed me. I watched from the camouflage station while spears were thrown, and bit my tongue while throwing knives struck down mannequins. I almost let out a snarl when the girl from 1 tried to use the bow. That was mine . But it was all worth it when I got that training score of 11. Even though it put a giant target on my head, it made me possibly worth investments from sponsors, Haymitch explained. Tom got a 7 and left his three-course meal untouched. "Both of you, we need to work on your interview strategies. Any ideas?" "I'm smart." Tom said, shrugging. I noticed that he shrugged a lot. "I could act smart. I guess." Haymitch nodded. "That could work kid. And you, any ideas?" "Not a clue." "Well, you're not flirty so we can't play up the sexy angle. You can't be yourself, because that would scare anyone with half a wit off. Effie, any suggestions?" Effie, hearing her name being called, put down her neon green drink and teetered over. I doubt I would ever understand how she was able to walk on those. Today, her hair, lipstick, and dress were all bright green, and the way it contrasted to her tinted pink skin vaguely reminded me of a watermelon. She took a long look at me and pursed her lips. "Well, you are kind of funny." Effie thought out loud. She scratched her chin with a long, claw-like nail. "Yes, yes you are." "Thank you, Effie. Apparently she is useful for something. Who'd have known?" Haymitch sneered. I had a hard time telling if the animosity between them was actual dislike, or some twisted type of flirting. In the course of my three-minute interview, I became somewhat of a style icon. The braid I wore my hair in at the reaping has been seen all over Panem, according to Caesar. My stylist, Cinna, has been booked up for the next seventeen months. And the most prestigious fashion company in the Capitol wanted me as a model,