I don't think I'm cruel. I am just trying to survive. Actually, I'm doing pretty well. There aren't many other tributes left, and I'm not afraid of meeting them. I've already figured out the best way to trap and kill my enemies. I'm from District 4, so I'm really good at tying knots, setting snares. Thanks to Mags, I've even got a trident. It must've been really expensive, but it seems like there are enough sponsors who trust in me. And if the Capitol people believe I can make it, I should better not disappoint them. President Snow shakes my hand and crowns me victor of the 65th annual Hunger Games. It doesn't happen too often that a fourteen-year-old is able to stand up to the career tributes from District 1 and 2. In fact, that's pretty impressive. I know my family back in 4 will be very proud of me. It feels great to be in front of that cheering crowd with the whole country watching. The Capitol admires me; especially the women. I like the way they look up at me. They believe me to be handsome; that's at least what Mags said after her congratulations on my victory. As far as I know, it must be a good thing. I'm back home; living in the Victor's Village now. It's night, and I'm staring into the darkness outside my window. The Hunger Games have changed my life. I enjoyed being a victor and I still do, but I just can't forget my time in the arena. I've been through a lot of nightmares lately. They're mostly about me being trapped and killed by a trident – Of course, I know what that means. In my dreams, I'm taking the place of my fellow tributes. And I realize that I was wrong: I do have been cruel. I'm fourteen, and I've already killed so many innocent children. I've spent cold nights and long days in the arena, always running away from the other tributes, always hoping desperately to be safe. It took some time for me to recognize that I had to kill if I wanted to stay alive. The alternative would've been giving up, and that was about the last thing I wanted to do. So, I didn't have much of a choice. I was forced to be cruel! I was forced by the Gamemakers. They are the ones who sacrifice all those lives for nothing but good entertainment. They are the ones who took my childhood away, and the Capitol people enjoyed it. Well, I already know that there's no point in sleeping tonight. The smell of blood and roses rests in the room long until President Snow has gone. I can't believe what he expects me to do. I've known about the Capitol women's affectation for me, and I've known this was probably the biggest advantage I could have had during the Games. They are the reason I got my trident. They are the reason I managed to come back. Back then, I've been only fourteen years old. I've probably been rather cute than handsome. But now that I'm older, I've become really interesting for those wealthy Capitol citizens. My legs feel so weak suddenly that it's hard to stay afoot. Snow said my devotees were desperate to get some consideration from me. Physical consideration. And I have to give it to them; unless I want things to happen to everyone I care about. I realize that the Hunger Games have not only taken away my childhood, but my whole life. I'm their slave. I am powerless, forced to sell my body, and there's absolutely nothing I can do about it. Today's the reaping for the 70th Hunger Games. I'm looking into an ocean of faces filled with sorrow and pain. I try to stay cold, unconcerned. My pity won't help anyone – only my effort as a mentor will. For now, I think my presence on stage is enough to spread out a little hope. I'm the best example for what a District 4 tribute can achieve. Everybody admires me, although nobody knows who I really am and what it's like to be me. But I don't want to think about that now. I don't want to look weak in front of my whole district. Why do I even bother? I'm alive. Two of all those children in the square are going to face death soon. I've told myself not to think like that, but I can't help it. Nobody has managed to win the Games since my victory. For the last couple of years, every tribute from 4 has been dead after only a few days in the arena. But I don't think that's because of me. I really tried to keep them alive. I have been a good mentor, and I'll be it again this year. So, when our escort is reaching into the glass ball that contains the girls' names, I give my best to seem honestly interested. I watch the escort walking back to the microphone in this totally ridiculous costume. Then I hear the name of this year's girl tribute echoing across the square. It's Annie Cresta. I knew the moment I saw her that I'd be Annie's mentor. She looked overwhelmingly beautiful in her white reaping dress, with those soft curls streaming around her head. I remember the intense look she gave me while climbing up on stage. I was totally startled by the color of her eyes; green and filled with tears. Annie was stunning. I promised myself I wouldn't let her die out there. Not for anything. "Talk to me, Annie. We haven't talked a word on the train. We haven't talked a word since we arrived here. Actually, we haven't talked at all. I didn't even have a chance to tell you how wonderful you looked on that chariot." Annie looks at me with those green eyes of hers. "Are you serious?" "Trust me – I am." "You'll start training tomorrow", I tell Annie after dinner. It's still our first day in the Capitol. We are alone; I joined Annie watching clips from my Hunger Games on television. "You didn't hesitate to kill them", she says without looking at me. "Didn't you scruple out there?" I shrug. "Hesitating doesn't make you win the Games", I tell her. "Neither does hiding. I tried it, and it didn't work." Annie falls silent. I watch her profile, and I'm about to ask her what's wrong when she whispers: "I don't want to kill, Finnick." I have no answer to that. So we're just quiet for a while. Finally, I say: "You know what I want, Annie? I want you to stay alive." The training session in front of the Gamemakers is over. Annie scored all right. The interviews are over. Annie made the audience like her by just being honest. The Hunger Games start tomorrow. Annie is going to survive. We are sitting at the kitchen table in complete darkness. It's about midnight. I couldn't sleep, so I came here and found Annie cuddled at the ground. Her whole body was shaking, but she did not cry. Now, I'm face to face with her. I am holding her hands across the table. Annie's eyes are shut and she's barely breathing. I don't see much of her, but I know exactly what she must look like. "Do you remember what I told you on our first day?" I ask into the silence. I can almost feel her gaze as she opens her eyes and looks at me. "You said you wanted me to stay alive", Annie whispers. "Right." I give her hands a soft squeeze. "You know, Finnick Odair doesn't tell lies", I go on. "I won't let you die, Annie. That's my promise to you." Annie doesn't reply, but I don't expect her to. I've never been so worried the night before the Games. Maybe not even when I was a tribute myself. I know what I have to do. I've already talked to a lot of sponsors and convinced them to help me; to help Annie. At the moment, I can just give her all strength I have and make her believe in my promise. I'm not sure how strong she is when it comes to the point. So I have to make sure that Annie hangs on no matter what happens. Otherwise, I won't be able to do anything for her – Suddenly, there's the urgent wish to touch her; stronger than everything I felt before. I let go of her hands and reach for her face, and when my fingers softly strike her cheeks in the darkness, I lose every control I had over myself. Abruptly, I stand up and hurry around the table. To my surprise, Annie is stumbling toward me on her bare feet, so I have to catch her and pull her into my arms. We are standing still while the world around us turns on. I keep stroking Annie's hair. Every now and then, her body is shaken by sobs. I'm holding her until I can't bear it any longer. Then, I take her face in both hands and look straight into the green of her eyes. "You won't die", I whisper. "I promised you, Annie. You can trust me. I will do everything to keep you alive." I kiss her forehead; carefully, gently. And I realize that I've probably just begun falling for Annie Cresta. I've never cried in my life before. I've always been strong. But when I watch Annie giving up in the arena, I can't hold back the tears. I've done everything for her. She had sponsors, and her situation was actually not so bad. She could've made it. Annie had a real chance to win. Until now. Annie's district partner, the other tribute from 4, died in front of her eyes, and now she's as good as dead, too. She doesn't move. She's just sitting there, staring at some point in the distance, holding perfectly still. I think she's going mad, inwardly. Soon, the Gamemakers will round up all remaining tributes for the final battle. And Annie won't stand a chance, because she's already given up. I can't believe I'm crying. I should've known from the beginning that she's a weakling. How could I let myself fall for her? I am Finnick Odair! I shouldn't be crying over Annie Cresta. She's just an ordinary girl from District 4. She's not even good at tying knots. And at the end of these Games, she'll be just one of twenty-three dead tributes. Except I promised to keep her alive. And Finnick Odair doesn't give up so easily. Finnik Odair never neglects a promise. "It's okay, everything's okay", I whisper into Annie's ear. She's just waking up from her anxious sleep. I've been watching Annie for a while, but it's just too heartbreaking to hear her whining all the time. She is back. She was the only one able to keep her head above water when the arena was flooded. Annie had to use her last power reserves, but somehow she managed not to drown like all of the other tributes. And now she's here, totally exhausted but alive. She opens her eyes and I'm relieved they are as green and beautiful as they were before. Except that they are not looking at me. Annie is looking in my direction, but it seems as if she's staring right through me. Confused and worried at once, I squeeze her hand. "Annie", I say. "I'm right here, Annie. It's over. You're safe." She doesn't react. I am not even sure she registered my words. She's exactly as she was in the arena; totally lost in thought. "Annie", I try it one more time, still gently. "I know you're in there. And I know you'll probably need some time to come out. But I can be very patient if I want to." So