Annabeth sighed. It as nearly eleven forty-five and she was still awake. Annabeth rubbed her eyes, her body was tired, her eyes were closing, but her mind was racing. No matter how hard she tried, she couldn't sleep. "Come on Annabeth. I can't sleep if your light is on!" Aliza, her sister on the godly side, said pulling herself out of the bottom bunk. She pursed her small lips and said, "Please. I know I love to read too, but I need sleep." Annabeth smiled reassuringly at her sister and nodded. Annabeth shut her light off and flopped down on her pillow. After Tartarus, sleep didn't come easy. She felt like when she opened her eyes she'd be back at the altar of Hermes, or in the swamp where her giant friend lived. Annabeth was afraid she would wake up and she'd be back in that Hell hole, and she wouldn't have Percy by her side this time. Annabeth turned on her side and stared at the other bunks. The one next to her had Malcolm on top. His soft hair fell over his forehead and every time that he let out a breath, his hair would blow out and then fall back. His hand draped over the side of the bed, where he clutched a teddy bear. It made Annabeth chuckle slightly, Malcolm was almost eighteen and he still clung to his childhood. Annabeth wished she could cling to her childhood, but the only thoughts she seemed to grasp were: Tartarus Percy Gaea She pulled her hands up to her temples and rubbed them. She closed her eyes for a split second and seen Percy, staring at her, his face gaunt, barely clinging to life because of the Gorgon's poison charring his insides. She sat straight up, hitting her head on the ceiling. Malcolm opened his eyes, pulling his teddy bear closer to him. He looked worriedly in Annabeth's eyes. She smiled at him and turned away. She wanted to go see Percy, but she wouldn't dare go out, in the dark, at night, with the harpies flying around... the harpies almost reminded her of the curses they met in Tartarus. Annabeth shivered and buried her face in her pillow. Just sleep Annabeth, why can't you just sleep! Annabeth tried closing her eyes again, but this time she seen the swirling figure of Tartarus in front of her. Annabeth never felt so powerless. She was used to being looked down upon because the only thing she had was her brain, but even all of the knowledge in Athena's mind couldn't help her when Tartarus hovered over her. Annabeth gripped the sides of the bed, trying to tell herself it wasn't real, it was just a memory, a dream, something that couldn't bother her. Annabeth slowly opened her eyes and sighed. The ceiling was above her and nothing was bothering her. Annabeth knew she couldn't sleep unless she was safe in Percy's arms, but she wasn't leaving the safety of her cabin. It was Night time after all, Nyx could be waiting for her, ready to devour her. She heard a dull scream, coming from outside her cabin. Annabeth sat up quietly, the scream wasn't from Percy. Annabeth had memorized Percy's Scream, she knew every octave he could hit, how long his screams would last, and who he would call in his screams. Annabeth climbed down the ladder of her bunk bed, slipping on her owl slippers and pulling Percy's hoodie on. Annabeth grabbed a flashlight and her drakon bone sword before she inched toward the door. Annabeth gripped the cold metal handle of the wooden door and turned the knob slowly and carefully. She opened the door just big enough for her to fit through and then closed the door softly. She heard the scream again and her head turned to Hades cabin. Realization flooded through Annabeth, Nico had been through Tartarus too, but he had no one to cling to at night when his nightmares woke him. Normally Will would spend the night in Nico's cabin, but he had been called away to Camp Jupiter for over a month to help the Romans learn Greek Healing techniques. Annabeth wasted no time getting to Nico's cabin. Annabeth was scared out of her mind, but she could always go find Percy. Nico needed her. Annabeth climbed the steps to Hades cabin and opened the door slowly. Nico was sitting in his bed and Annabeth could see the sweat gleaming on his forehead. Nico had his arms around his knees and he rocked slowly, muttering to himself. Annabeth inced closer to Nico and put a hand on his shoulder. His eyes found hers and she watched as he blinked back tears. "Nico. I'm right here." She whispered, staring into his eyes. He shook his head and choked back a sob. When he spoke, Annabeth barely heard him, it came out as a very quiet whisper, "Nightmares." Annabeth understood. She sat on the bed next to Nico and pulled him into a hug. She whispered soft, encouraging things. "I get them too." Annabeth whispered. Nico nodded and slowed his breathing, he stopped shaking and said, "Thank you Annabeth. I-How do you deal with it?" Annabeth shrugged. How did she deal with it? " I don't know, To be honest. Usually I would just go to Percy and he would calm me down. Sometimes I cry myself to sleep because I'm afraid to leave my cabin at night." Nico nodded and said, "Yeah, it's like every time I close my eyes, I see the horrid things from down there. Will would always make everything go away in a matter of speaking... I miss him." Annabeth glanced at Nico and noticed his features. He had sunken eyes that looked hollow and sad. He was paler than normal, and since Will left he hadn't eaten so he was thinner. Annabeth looked around the room and seen slash marks on the wall. There were drawings of monsters and Giants. "Hey Nico?" "Yeah Annabeth?" "Do you want to grab some popcorn and I'll start a movie?" Nico smirked and nodded, standing and walking down the hallway to grab ran her hand through her hair and leaned against the wall behind her. She looked to the side and seen a orange shirt. She picked it up, it was a camp half blood tee-shirt, but it was way to big to be Nico's. She opened the top and looked at the tag. In scribbly handwriting it read: Will Solace There was a small drawing of a sun next to his name. Poor Nico. This was all he had of Will for almost two weeks more. One week? Less than that? Annabeth had fallen into a routine, she was so strict with it, never leaving time for her mind to wander, never leaving time for the thoughts to enter her mind. Most times, A week would roll by and Annabeth wouldn't notice because she hadn't thought about the days going by. Once and a while, though, Annabeth would fall out of her routine, and find herself at the beach, or in the woods, sometimes she'd be at Thalia's pine. She would blink (That's what it felt like) and then she would be At Ms. Jackson's, when just a minute earlier she was at her cabin. The times when she blacked out were the worst. She just kept dreaming, but she wouldn't wake up, and when she did, she was somewhere that she hadn't been earlier. She would blackout for hours, making Percy loose his mind with worry. She hated making Percy feel that way. Chiron got protective of her, kind of like a father, and would give her a buddy so she wouldn't end up somewhere alone. But Annabeth always ended up loosing the person, she hated it. Annabeth loved it when she used to be able to actually think. He mind, her wits, her instincts, those were her tools, when she couldn't use them because the thoughts in her mind were terrible, she felt useless. Annabeth heard footsteps coming from the hallway. She put the shirt back quickly and rubbed her temples again. Nico came in with the popcorn and set it next to Annabeth. When he placed the popcorn down, Annabeth smelled the butter and something else. It brought tears to her eyes. Nico had just washed the bowl, meaning it smelled like soap and fresh water. Like cleaning supplies. Bob Annabeth's head fell. Tears welled in her eyes. Nico looked at her with understanding in his eyes. Here Annabeth was trying to be the brave one for Nico, and she was crying. She hated that too. She hated how Tartarus had ruined her life. No matter how many times Annabeth tried, she couldn't forget the place, she couldn't put a positive spin on it. Nothing good came out of that place. Besides closing the doors of Death. But Annabeth herself would've preferred cutting the chains and dying over living the horrid after effects. Tartarus himself haunted her dreams. He appeared and spoke to her. It felt like Annabeth was seven years old again, running through the woods away from the spiders, except this time Luke and Thalia didn't find her. She was alone, running through the depths of Tartarus. Sometimes she would run to where Akhlys was and fall over the edge to where the older and scarier legends were sure to dwell. Annabeth remembered regaling the tale to her cousin. She fell into tears when she explained it to him. Annabeth remembered it as clear as day: She was crying, she couldn't stop. Annabeth looked at Magnus through tears, he was blurs of color through the distortion of them. He pulled her into a hug, "I got you. You're the only family I've got left." Annabeth slowly stopped crying. "I'm sorry," She said when she had regained her composure. "It's just, I thought I could handle it, I thought I could tell you without crying, but I guess I was wrong." Magnus put a hand on her shoulder, and Annabeth tensed at the touch. Magnus sighed and pulled his hand away. Annabeth didn't like feeling weak, but she was acing that. Nico shook her shoulders, Annabeth locked eyes with him. She turned and looked at the clock. 12:45 Annabeth's head whipped back to Nico. "How long this time?" Nico chewed his lip and turned to the left of her, the opposite side of the clock. Only now did Annabeth feel the hand on her's. She smelled the salt air. "About a half hour." The voice calmed her. Annabeth turned to see Percy. He had bags under his eyes, but he smiled weakly. Worry raced through Annabeth. Half an hour. It was getting less, but there was a problem. Percy cold usually get her out of them. "Percy?" Storm Grey met Sea Green. "Yeah Annabeth?" He tightened her grip on his hand as Annabeth asked, "How long have you been here?" "A half hour." Annabeth turned away, letting her head rest against the wall. If Percy couldn't get her out of it, she was doomed. Percy had always found a way to get her out of her blackouts. He would grab her hand, say her name, kiss her, do something, and she would slip from her blackout and open her eyes. Percy's fingers left Annabeth's and she opened her eyes, turning to face him. He rubbed his face with both hands. His Sea Green eyes were duller than usual and he seemed to carry bad news. "Percy, what happened?" Percy's hands fidgeted, he avoided her eyes and sighed. "Annabeth, You're getting worse. I can't do anything anymore. You know how I hate feeling powerless." He met her eyes, "Chiron said to me last time if you blacked out again we'd have to 'Take measures' I think we both know what that means." A tear rolled down his cheek, "Annabeth, we have to get you away from everything