A/n: All characters belong to Stephenie Meyer, only few characters are my own. I really liked the concept of changing the twilight story line by introducing a new character into the story. It's cliche but I hope you guys like it. I was going through the story again and thought of making some editions and would be doing it first. I would try to update another chapter but firstly I think I would do the editing of chapters that have already written. Writing it with more finesse. I have made some changes, and would love if you could tell if this was better than the previous one. :) So here it is. Real Fiction Chapter 1: Wonderland. Living in an orphanage was not that bad. But sometimes it felt like the walls were caging me in, making me lonelier than I was. My parents died when I was only nine; it could have been worse, at least I knew my name. The cause was a car accident, a drunk truck driver crashed into my parent's car and they died on the spot leaving me behind. The emotions, when you watch the lifeless bodies of your parents and stand in the ceremony feeling like you have just lost everything, there's no one to take care of you is indescribable. I knew how it felt when your parents took their last breath in your arms. My dad had eloped with my mom from Texas when they both graduated high school and moved to California because their parents were against the marriage. They both worked hard, working long hours to be able to create a home for them and their child - me. Since then, I had lived in California, firstly with my parents and then in the orphanage. It was not that no one wanted to adopt me, but they didn't want the burden I was carrying. Families wanted young, cute children, ones that didn't remember their parents and could have a new, fresh start. They wanted a kid who would play with them, would follow the rules and respected them, talked to them and be a part of their normal happy family. I didn't have in me to do that. I didn't need or want a new family, I had one once — I and my parents. I just wanted to be left alone and be silent. I didn't want to attach myself to anyone anymore because losing hurt a lot. My grandparents could have taken me, but they were dead and I had no one, not even any god parents, who would take me with them. It was hard to watch visitors coming for other children, they had relatives who would visit them occasionally. I had just some trust fund which I could only access when I would be eighteen. Well that was what I was told by my parent's lawyer. My grandparents were rich and my parents made a big amount too, but I wanted nothing of it as I had no family to share it with. The money couldn't buy me the thing I wanted. A family. My family, my parents. Violet meant modesty which I didn't know whether I was or not, but that' my name. To be modest, you needed to be social, familiar with people, be with them, communicate with them, but I liked the solitude more. If I die now, will someone even actually take notice of it? I didn't think so. I was one of those children who stayed in dark, the one who everyone ignored. Jane was the caretaker of us - orphans and she had always wanted me to find a home where I would have parents who would love me. She was the only person I talked to, or should I say she was the only one who wanted to talk to me. She was one of the reasons I didn't want to leave that place, she cared. Her eyes contained so much concern and love that sometimes I felt vulnerable, that she could look deep into my heart. Jane thought I needed some help, medical help, but did I want help. No, nothing could stop the nightmares, the memories that were so painful that they made me want to kill myself. My classmates were immature gits who just fancied what caught the eye. It's all about fortune and fame. There were just two things that you should be, to be known in the school - be pretty and rich. I was not one of them. I was the wallflower whom no one took notice of, and maybe one day would be buried inside the walls. Everyone has an escape I did too. Books and music. Books were my best friend. When I first went to the nearest library, it was the first time when I felt alive again. Jane told me that she saw the life in me again, the happiness which she thought I had lost. So she allowed me to go to the library. She thought it's hilarious that my favorite author was Jane Austen. She teased me about it, but I couldn't just retort back. I never planned what I wanted to be in future. I had that much money that wouldn't need to work a minute to live in my life. But the problem was what to do with it? How to move on? I stared at the doorway of the orphanage. Every time I left, I prayed to never go back again. I didn't want to live here anymore. Jane was very old, and I knew that she would leave me soon. I was a little attached and I wanted to run away before she left me too. I was a stupid, lost almost fourteen year old girl who was haunted by her nightmares, of how her parents died. I wanted someone to take care of me because they wanted to not because it was their duty. I adjusted the backpack on my shoulder as it started to slip down; it contained some fiction novels which Jane had recommended. She thought reading about teenage love and a new generation book would change my thinking, or maybe my taste. The Twilight saga. The bundle of five books. It was damn funny to read about a vampire who sparkled. Let's not forget the girl who fell for a vampire who thirsted for her blood. When I first read the books, I realized the author was obsessed with Romeo and Juliet and Wuthering heights. Both of them being tragedy and about forbidden love. Love conquers all, even the hate. Blah Blah Blah. Yeah, but could it conquer the loneliness? What would it feel like to be in the world where real love existed, the real love story they say? Amusing. But there was no love, at least not for me. It's all a fallacy. The library was just two blocks away and tomorrow was the due date to return the books. I thought of issuing my favorite, Pride and Prejudice, again. A sudden shove from right made me fall to the ground, and the cause just ran away without any apology. I sighed and stood up and shrugged the imaginary dust from my clothes and mumbled 'I was okay' to myself. I realized the fall had torn my bag, and books were scattered on the path. Great! I sighed and started picking up all the books one by one, but one was missing. I looked around impatiently, library was going to close soon; I needed to return them, otherwise I won't be allowed there again. I found the last one — Twilight on the road. I looked around for the cars, and the road was clear. I moved across the road and bend down to pick up the book. I heard the honking sound and turn around. It all happened very fast. A car was driving towards me out of nowhere. I heard the screeching sound of the tires when break was applied, but it wasn't enough to stop the collision. Before I could do anything, and darkness consumed me. The last thing I saw was the car that hit me — Cop's car. I groaned from the pain in my head, it was killing me. I tried to move, but every movement hurt a lot. What happened? With that question, everything came back to my mind. Crash... Scattered books...Road...Car. I tried to open my eyes but winced and shut them quickly when bright light tore through my eyes. I grimaced, but then tried again and gave myself an imaginary pat on accomplishing the task. My vision was bleary, but slowly it came to focus. "How are you feeling?" I heard a calm musical voice from the bedside, and I turned towards the source. The person standing by the bed was smiling warmly at me in white doctor coat, but that's not the part which was different about him. He's handsome, I mean Hollywood actor like handsome or maybe more than them. He was young, middle aged and had blonde hair with pale skin, really pale, tired looking; the circles under his eyes look as if it's been a while since he slept. "What happened?" I grumbled out, my voice is rough and I cleared my throat and he smiled. I frowned thinking there was something familiar about him. I had seen him somewhere. "You were in a car accident, but it was not very bad. Just few stitches on the head and that's it Ms..." he raised his eyebrows questioningly at me, and I breathed a sigh. "Violet Woods," I answered with throaty voice. He nodded and passed me a glass of water. "Ms Woods, my name is Dr Cullen, and you were brought here by Chief Swan, with whose car you collided." I choked when I heard his last name. Wait what, now I realized what was familiar about him. I searched through my mind for all the information and observe the man standing infront of me who looked like that Twilight Doctor. This observation resulted in me laughing out loud. Really! A prank. He stared at me as if something was really wrong with me, but there was a curiosity in his eyes, his lips twitching upwards in amusement. "That's really funny, Where's Jane?" I asked looking around the room. She must be the one, the mastermind of prank. Twilight characters — the old lady had gone mad. "Sorry Ms Woods," but I cut him off. "Violet." "Ok, Violet. Our database didn't have any of your information so we waited for you to wake up. Chief Swan tried to look up for your info..." and I started laughing again. "Is this a joke?" I asked him, my lips stretching into an amusing smirk. "Pardon." he looked clueless. Wow, he's a great actor. "You mean Charlie Swan," I said smirking at him, if he thought I would be easily fooled by this then he's wrong. It would take a better prank than this to shock me. "I..." I froze when my eyes fell on the two people standing on the doorway. This had to be a joke. The man at the corner was wearing cop's attire with his prominent feature being a mustache – the one similar to Charlie. He's fair and had brown hair with brown eyes; But my attention was not on him. I was more focused on the girl standing beside him who looked sixteen or seventeen with brown hair mix with red tints. She was quite similar looking to the Kristen Stewart, the actor that played the role in movies. There was no sign of recognition in her eyes as she looked at me. They were curious, but not even a little glimpse of amusement in them. "Where am I?" I turned to the Dr Cullen in panic. He said that was his name, and he stared back at me. "Forks Hospital." I needed more proof. This couldn't be true. I