1.) Gold That Doesn't Glimmer. After all the perilous adventures the great rangers had survived in their many years of existence, one had never dealt with such difficulties as Aragorn had within the past several days. Who knew that such little people carried with them such unimaginable danger? It was obvious that whatever luck the Halflings may have once carried abandoned them when they left the Shire. The only fortune that had befallen the little people during their short ventures thus far was their meeting Strider on the way to seek counsel with Lord Elrond. Even that was short-lived, it seemed, as their new-found companion had to stick a neck out on several occasions to save them from the darkness that tracked them through the wilderness. Something bad was bound to happen, what with Aragorn being the only warrior in the group with wilderness survival skills. In fact, the stranger was the only one in the group that could actually fight with any level of competency. It still bothered the hooded warrior, however, that young Frodo was harmed under the small amount of protection that could be provided- whether completely at fault or not. They were lucky enough to have reached Imladris in the nick of time with no further incidents. Still, it was with a burdened conscience that Aragorn faced Elrond the Half-Elven. Perhaps there was more that the warrior could have done, and if there was the great Elf Lord would know. He saw all. Besides that, there was the fairly well-known fact that he was the elf who raised Aragorn and taught the human everything the future king knew to be. Aragorn hated to see that look of disappointment on his face again... the same look he gave when Gilraen told him the child she brought was Isildur's heir, future king, leader of men... and a young girl. Aragorn's mother gave her that very look up unto her death, and would have probably died with it still upon her brow had the future ruler been nearer to her on the day of her passing. It was just common sense that no man would follow a mere woman into battle, whether she held the blood of Númenor or not. The battlefield was no place for a woman, for it was said to bring bad luck. On top of that, the women folk were to be the fairer sex, and needed to stay away from the harsh realities of war. Being the only child born into her lineage, there was no way around it. Aragorn would have to win the trust of her people, and the only way to do that would be to lie to them. With war nearly on the countries doorstep there was no time to create a new heir. Her father died soon after her birth so there was no hope there, and she was still too young to bear a child because of her lineage blessed with long and youthful life. If she did somehow miraculously have a child or her mother waited till she could there would be little to no time for them to be trained, and there was still the possibility it may be born a girl again. Elrond and Aragorn's mother had to work with what they were given, so the girl-child was named Aragorn to convince others of her greatness, lineage and masculinity while Elrond took her under his wing to be trained. Her hair was cut short, and she was told to ignore all that was proper to be a lady. From that point onward young Aragorn was to act like a man, and a warrior. She would learn to be the proper king they meant her to be, and hopefully would forget what she was born to be. By the time Aragorn was of age to leave she had learned everything Elrond had to teach a future king, along with something extra. He taught her how to heal. It was generally something he taught to future queens, but he deemed it appropriate that she learned. She would never be as amazing as he was, what with the help of his magic ring, but she could do something that no other warrior could do- she could heal things with the same hands that were used to destroy. And with the knowledge Elrond instilled in her, Aragorn left his kingdom to apply it. Never once, in the fifty plus years since she left, was the fact revealed that she was truly a woman. As far as Aragorn was aware only Elrond and her mother knew of her true gender, and from what she heard her mother had long since taken it to her grave. There was no doubt that Elrond would take such secret with him to the Gray Havens of Valinor. "Estel! Welcome," Elrond greeted at the gates to his city, using the name he had given Aragorn long ago, which meant hope in his tongue. It also was not as masculine, which she thanked Elrond for many times. "Do not worry, the young Hobbit has been taken to a proper room and is being watched by several healers." Glorfindel and the masquerading warrior just nodded, but the other three Halflings were more reluctant to let the conversation about their friend slip. "Will he be okay?! Will he be alright? Can we see him?" They all shouted simultaneously. Elrond looked to them gravely. "Only time will tell, young ones. For now, let him have his rest." He clapped his hands and all were quickly met with a horde of merry elves. "Until more is known of your companion's condition, please accept my hospitality. Perhaps you can use this time to bathe and make yourselves look presentable come meal time- which should be served within the hour." "Did you hear that, Merry? We will have a proper meal for the first time in days!" Pippin shouted joyously, hugging his friends. Sam shrugged away from the others, not forgetting the plight of his friend as easily. "Do as you wish, but Aragorn, you truly should find your way to the bath house." He reached forwards to run his thumb over her dirt covered chin. " If I didn't know better, I would mistake you for a common beggar, and not the future king of men. " Elrond chuckled as he spoke the last sentence in elvish, causing Glorfindel to hide his smirk of silent agreement. Aragorn politely nodded and stepped out of his reach. "I am sorry if my sight offends you, my lord, but I have been rather busy running errands for Gandalf." Suddenly feeling self-conscious at being in front of the man who practically raised her, she nervously ran a hand through her longer than usual, grease filled locks. "I hardly found the time, nor the place to clean myself. If I did find the place, I doubt I would have been able to- What, with all of the things I could have been doing with my time." Glorfindel let out a hearty chuckle at such a response, slapping her back harder than most might think possible in accordance to his lithe frame, causing Aragorn to stumble momentarily. "You will run yourself ragged with that philosophy, young King!" He turned on his heels, motioning for the elves and hobbits to follow as he left. "Take care, young Aragorn. Something tells me that in the weeks to come you will look back and be glad you did have a little relaxation time." Elrond's brow furrowed as his friend left, waiting until the golden-haired elf was out of earshot before speaking. "He is correct, you know. I have foreseen it." He murmured after a pregnant pause. Most likely he was checking that no others were around before beginning the conversation, but Aragorn tended to think he just liked being theatrical. With him being the master of so many stories, he was bound to use some trick to keep the audience's attention. In all Aragorn's years of knowing him it worked every time. "Sadly, it was one of the few things I have seen in some time. We are in such dark times, and it seems to be shrouding my vision. Nothing is certain anymore." They began their walk down the halls of his beautiful home as she kept him company in his musings. "I have worried for you endlessly ever since you first left us. I feared you may never return to the Last Homely House. Sure you may be strong in body and spirit, but the enemy has strengthened much more than I would like to see. It is one of the few things I can see, I fear. Seeing the strength of the enemy and a limited amount else does little to guide my judgment or soothe my fears. It is amusing that so many are to come to me soon seeking my wisdom when I am the one that seems the least fit to provide it in such times." "You mustn't say such things! You have become a trusted creature in a world where such things are hard to come by." Aragorn paused in her thoughts for a moment before thinking aloud, "And if you are unsure of your judgment, how am I to win over the love of my people?" He shot her a sorrowful look, but much to his mortal companion's chagrin he avoided the question He paused as they passed a window and looked at the beauty of his city beyond. "I shall be leaving within the next several seasons, though it is still not certain when. My people are no longer safe here. They worry- needlessly I hope, but still." He rested his hand on the sill as the birds continued to chirp, unknowing of the evil that rested just on the borders of the fair realm, protected tirelessly by Elrond. "I also fear I have stayed too long in this world," he continued. "My dear wife has waited for me for longer than I would have liked. I once vowed revenge on the Orcs for what they did to her, but such a road is long and treacherous. The best thing I can do is leave before war takes the life of anymore of my people or family." Aragorn nodded at his words. "Your war was fought many years ago. After that war, your people never recovered. Now is the age of men- and though the human race has failed you once, I will assure you that it won't happen again." His beautiful misty eyes turned to hers as she rested a hand on his shoulder. "Leave these shores with peace, Lord Elrond. I will succeed or die trying." His deep laughter filled the halls. "I am sure you will, my child. You were never one for doing something half way. I am disappointed in you, though," He frowned and took the woman's hand, leading her down the hall further. "I think of you as my own child, I raised you from birth, yet you still are adamant about calling me by my title. Few in my court even go so far as to call me such," he stated as he ruffled her hair. He let out a thunderous laugh as she shied away and tried to fix it, though it was already in terrible disarray. "Please, just call me 'Elrond' in the time I have left with you. Though, if you really wish to humor an old elf you could refer to me as Adar (Father)." Bowing her head, she gave him a smile. "I would be proud, Adar." A ghost of a smile flickered across his lips as they continued down the halls. "I have told my children of your arrival. Elladan and Elrohir seem to be overjoyed at the thought of sparring with you again, while Arwen is just happy with the thought of seeing you." He smiled at the thought of his true children. "She seems to think