(A/N): Hello my beautiful readers! Thank you for giving my first Twilight story a read! I have written Fan Fiction before, but for a different fandom and under a different name. I hope you enjoy my first stab at Twilight ! All the rights to the characters, plot elements, etc. go to Stephenie Meyer so no lawsuits for me! Also, none of the events in New Moon (besides Edward leaving and Bella becoming a zombie) and post events happened. So, Bella doesn't know about the wolves and Jacob didn't phase until Bella left. Any-who! Enjoy my story and don't forget to review! DAY 1: August 14, 2013 BPOV I sat on the plane and anxiously looked at the window to see it descend into Seattle. It's been so long since I've been in Washington. Five years to be exact. After the horrendous senior year I had, I wanted to leave Forks behind. Edward did a real number on me and I couldn't stay in Forks without being constantly reminded by him. So when I got offered a full scholarship to USC (University of Southern California), I jumped at the chance. Charlie, of course, tried to convince me to go to University of Washington, but I wanted out of Washington. The past years that I've spent in California really helped me heal from the damage Edward had done to me. It also helped me realize how pathetic I was for reacting the way I did when he left. Edward was a manipulative and hurtful person. I let him dazzle me at every chance and fall under his spell of what I thought was love. Edward didn't love me and I wasn't in love with him. I was simply in love with the idea of him. The mysterious, god-like vampire who managed to fall in love with the mousy brunette. It was a something out of bad romance, teenage novel if you ask me. I'm no longer that mousy brunette though. I am a strong woman who takes charge in her own life instead of letting others do it for me. I had a serious revaluation of my life in California and was now happy with who I am. I wasn't going to let anyone decide my destiny or decide my happiness. California didn't only give me a newfound perspective on my life but gave me some new friends. The first being my roommate, Jill. She's one of the sweetest people I know and also one of the goofiest. She can barely go one hour without making some kind of joke, but she has a really kind heart and one of the brightest personalities I have ever encountered. Jill received her degree in dance, but wasn't sure what she wanted do quite yet. As of now, she is living in her hometown of Baltimore in hopes to figure it out there. The next friend I met was Josh. Josh is six feet and three inches of hilarity. He is one of the first gay men that I met in California, but besides the fact of actually liking guys, he was pretty much "straight." He still loved to play video games and read comics, but his real love is for the arts. Josh is the only one of the three of us who decided to stay in LA in hopes to make a career in acting. After a lot of deliberation, I decided to return to Washington. My degree in English is versatile enough to give me almost any job I want, plus I wanted to be closer to Charlie. Even though he flown to visit me a couple of times, I know he missed me in Forks. I haven't decided what I exactly wanted to do, but I was leaning towards teaching. I always loved the idea of teaching. I also wanted to meet this "Sue" that Charlie goes on and on about. By the sound of his constant praise, she sounds like an amazing woman. The plane finally touched the ground and I made my way off the plane as fast as I possibly could. I had my stuff shipped to Charlie's house earlier, so I just had my purse and carry-on with me. I walked towards baggage claim though because I knew that's where Charlie was going to meet me. I, however, was surprised to see a massive Jacob Black standing next to him. Jake looked gigantic! His hair was now short too, but the one thing that stayed the same was his sunny smile. "Bells!" Charlie exclaimed as I walked into his arms and hugged him. "It's good to have you back." He said patting my shoulder. "Good to be back, Dad." I said before turning to Jake. "What's up, steroids?" I asked as Jake smirked down at me. "Nothing much, Hollywood." He quipped as I rolled my eyes. Jake pulled me into a tight hug and I already started to feel the sweat cumulate on my neck. "Jeez, do you have a fever or something? You're scorching hot!" I said pulling away from. "Now Bells, I know I'm good-looking, but I have a girlfriend." He joked as I gasped. " You have a girlfriend?!" "Please, don't sound too surprised." He muttered as I lightly slapped his arm. "How long has this been going on?" I asked as the three of us began to walk out of the airport. "Almost a year." He said sheepishly. "Didn't think about telling me, Black?" "Well, if someone wasn't too busy living the good life in California, then maybe one would know." "You email about me stupid stuff Embry and Quil do, but don't think about telling me about a girlfriend?" I fired back as he rolled his eyes and put my bags in a truck I didn't recognize. "Whose truck is this?" I asked. "It's Sam Uley's. You'll meet him later." Charlie said. Sam Uley? Hmm, that sounds familiar, but I couldn't quite picture his face. Maybe Charlie mentioned him before. I sat between Charlie and Jake as Jake drove us back to Forks. I hounded Jake the whole time about his girlfriend as Charlie laughed along. Her name is Vanessa and he met her at a bonfire. She's apparently Jared's cousin. I think Charlie mentioned Jared around the same time he mentioned Sam. She lives on the reservation and moved there a year ago from Oregon, where she was going to school. Jake had a smile on his face the whole time he talked about her and I just knew I would probably love her. It was nice to see him happy about someone else for once and not pining after me like he used to. "All right, we're here." Jake said pulling up to my old house. It looked suspiciously empty from the outside, but that made me think that Charlie moved or sold some old stuff. I got out of the truck and walked in to only see my suspicions confirmed. Everything, besides some new furniture, was gone. The pictures, Charlie's chair, the tacky Seahawks blanket that would always lay on the back of the couch, everything! I turned back to face Charlie who had an embarrassed smile on his face. "What's going on?" I asked eyeing Charlie. "Well, this is my surprise for you Bella. I moved in with Sue a couple weeks back and when you told me you were going to be moving back, I moved all the old stuff out and replaced the furniture. The house is now yours." Charlie said extending his hand out to reveal a key in his palm. "A-Are you serious?" I stuttered. Charlie nodded and I began to feel my eyes water. All this time I thought I would have to relive my high school days and live with Charlie. I didn't mind, but actually having the whole house to myself was amazing! I launched myself into his arms and hugged him tightly. "Thank you, Daddy! I couldn't be anymore grateful." I said as Charlie chuckled and patted my back awkwardly. "Glad you like it, Bells." He said gruffly. I walked around the house and saw that it was filled with completely new furniture and Charlie had kept some pictures, but they were in a box. He explained that he didn't want to keep them up in case I didn't want them up. I would probably put some back up like the pictures of us, but not my yearbook photos throughout the years. Those don't need to see the day of light. "I'm going to head out, but Bells, there's a bonfire tonight if you want to join. The pa…the guys will be there so you can finally meet some of them. Sue will be there also." Jake said smirking at Charlie as he blushed. I laughed and agreed to go. It would be nice to finally meet some of these people that Charlie and Jake have been talking about. Charlie and I spent the afternoon unpacking my stuff and setting up my new house. My house. That does sound nice. Charlie eventually left to head over to the rez and I decided to relax in the living room. I can only recall a few names that Charlie or Jake has mentioned. I know Sue's kids are Seth and Leah. Leah is around my age, 22, and Seth is two years younger. Jake has mentioned Quil and Embry, but I knew them before I left. Only briefly though. I think Jake mentioned a set of twins, but I don't remember their names. That's all who I really remembered, but I would be meeting them tonight and I'm sure one of them will stick around me to give me the low-down on everyone. I got up and started to unpack a little. I eventually decided to change clothes and moved to my old bedroom to change. I slipped on a pair of denim, skinny jeans and my favorite USC sweatshirt. I slipped on my brown Rainbow sandals and grabbed my bag. Charlie said he would be here to pick me up so I decided to sit on the kitchen counter and wait for him. I cleared a few levels on Candy Crush before I heard the door open. A tall Quileute man entered that I didn't recognize. He had russet skin and black hair like the others I have seen, but his eyes were almond shaped with bright brown irises and he had a giant grin on his face. "Hey! You must be Bella! I'm Sue's son, Seth." The man introduced himself as I smiled brightly up at him. He was tall like Jake, but wasn't as built as him. His shoulders were wide, but his muscles were lean. His face was round and had boyish features on his face despite him being 20. "Nice to meet you, too! Charlie told me about you. Are you here to take me to the bonfire?" I guessed. "Yup, my mom made him help her out with setting up the food so he asked if I could go pick you up. It's nice to meet my future stepsister." Seth grinned as I froze and stared at him wide-eyed. "W-What? D-Did Charlie pro-propose?" I stuttered making Seth laugh as he held the door open for me. "Nah, he hasn't, but it looks like they're on a road that's quickly headed for marriage." He explained as I smiled. I guess Charlie really loved her. I was happy for him. Renee had Phil and Charlie had always been alone. It was nice to see that he has someone now. I got into the truck and Seth quickly hopped into the driver's seat. "So, what made you come back to Washington? I would love to live in California." Seth asked as we headed towards La Push. "I wanted to be closer to Charlie. Plus, I wanted to be back in a small town. LA, while awesome, is always crowded with tons of people. It's nice to be home