(A/N): I have a new story for ya'll! It's pack related, but there are some twists in this story. This first chapter is very much an introductory chapter so there won't be much going on, but you will at least get to see what Bella has been up to! This first takes place somewhere in the time in New Moon, after Edward left, but before Jacob became a wolf. After that it's all AU. And, of course, during the duration of this story I don't own any of the Twilight characters or Twilight storyline. Enjoy! Seven Years Ago BPOV " So, you guys are really moving, huh?" Jacob asked as we sat on an old piece of driftwood. We were at First Beach and tomorrow was the day that Charlie and I were going to move to Portland. Charlie was offered a high-ranking detective position there and it's better pay than his chief-of-police position here. He struggled with the decision for over a month before deciding it was best for us to move. I think part of the reason was because he was tired of seeing me in a comatose state ever since he left. " Yeah," I murmured as I watched the waves crash into the sand before retreating back. I've only recently started talking to Jake again and while he didn't completely fill the void that was inside my chest, he did make it better. He has been my sun during this dark time. When he and Billy got the news that Charlie and I were leaving, they were disappointed but understanding. " I'm really going to miss seeing you around here. Bells." He told me and I smiled weakly. " I promise I'll keep in touch. You have my number and maybe if I can, I'll make the trip back up here to visit you." I've grown close with Jake and I'd hate to see our friendship go to the wayside just because I move away. I've moved so many times before and I always hated having to make new friends. Jake and also Quil, Embry, and even Angela from school, have made my time here better than just tolerable and I really will miss them. I want them to remain friends with me. " You better or I'm going to hunt you down and kick your pale ass." Jake mildly threatened and I laughed quietly. Jake smiled at me before wrapping his arms around me—whoa! He's really hot! Does he have a fever? Jake pulled away from me and brushed his long hair back before placing his hand on my shoulder. "I'm sure Oregon will have great things for you, Bella. Just don't forget about all of us here in Washington." He told me. I squeezed the hand on my shoulder and smiled at him. " I won't." I told him. Suddenly I saw a truck pull up from the distance and three large guys get out. I could already tell that one of them was Sam Uley. Jake didn't like Sam because Embry started to hang around them and hasn't talked to Jake or Quil since. " Jacob." Sam's voice boomed and Jake turned his head to look at them. He scowled before looking back at me and hugging me once more. " I got to go, Bells." He told me and I looked at him in confusion. " I thought you didn't like Sam?" I asked. Jake looked down and frowned. " Things are…complicated. I can't really explain." He told me as we both stood up. I looked back at Sam and his other friends. Embry wasn't with them and I couldn't recognize the other two, but the one on Sam's left was staring at me intently. I couldn't really distinguish his features from this distance, but I could see the scowl on his face as he stared at me. I wonder what's his problem. " Bye Jake, stay safe okay?" I told him and he grinned at me. " Aren't I always?" He commented before running off to Sam and the others. I watched as Sam and Jake exchanged a few words before making their way back into the truck. The guy who had been previously been glaring at me, looked back at me before shaking his head and storming back into the truck. I don't know who that guy was, but he apparently doesn't like the sight of me. Six Years Ago It has officially been a year since Charlie and I have lived in Oregon. Charlie has really shined in his position and I'm happy that he's actually enjoying his new job. I would have felt guilty if he didn't because I feel like the primary reason we've moved was because of me. I graduated high school rather quickly and while everyone I knew was going to college, I decided to take a year off for myself. I got a job at a small bookstore that was near the University of Oregon campus and I mostly dealt with college students who were trying to bargain for cheaper textbooks. I didn't mind though, it was an easy job and it paid me enough money for me to have and save. Although I have gotten over my zombie state that Edward's leaving caused, Charlie encourages me to find some friends and go out and do "whatever you young people do." I never had the urge to make new friends since I still had a great group of friends in Washington, but I understood his concern. I just don't know how to make new friends. I'm currently not in school and everyone that works in the bookstore with me is way older than me. I just didn't see how I could make new friends. Since it was my day off from work and Charlie was gone, I decided to head to the beach and do some light reading. It was cloudy as usual, but not as cold so I just threw on a light jacket and grabbed a blanket before heading out to my civic. My Beast gave out on me a couple of months back and as a surprise Charlie bought me a used, blue civic that I call the Blueberry. It's only a couple of years old and is a more reliable car than the Beast and I absolutely grateful that Charlie got it for me. I packed up the Blueberry and headed towards the beach. I found this beach a couple of months ago and for the most part it stays pretty empty. I know it's by a Native American reservation, but I never really see any of them around when I go. It reminds me a lot of First Beach, but bigger and less trees around. I pulled up and laid my blanket down by some rocks before laying on the beach and pulling out my book. I stayed there for about an hour or so before the wind started to pick up and reading became practically impossible. Maybe I should invest in one of those fancy, reading tablets. I folded my blanket up and began to make my trek back to my car. However, a strong gust of wind knocked me down and the contents of the backpack I brought spilt all over the sand. I cursed before struggling to grab everything. I saw a shadow of a person come up and I looked behind me to see a tall, Native American man standing there. He had broad shoulders and toned muscles as evident by his shirtless appearance. His black hair was shaggy, but short and he had a tribal-looking tattoo on the side of his chest. His skin tone was different than Jake's and the other Quileutes. His was lighter, but still a deep brown color that matched his eyes that were currently staring at me with amusement. His eyes were round and his eyebrows were thick, and while he stood over me looking rather tall, he didn't seem intimidating. " Did you need any help?" He asked before smiling at me with blinding white teeth. " Um, I'm okay. I just tripped." I told him stuffing the last thing in my bag and standing up. " Yeah I saw." He grinned and I blushed in humiliation. " I'm really clumsy." I muttered. " Seems like I should help you then." He told me before taking the blanket out of my hand and my bag. " Thanks," I told him as we began to walk to my car. "I'm Bella, by the way. Bella Swan." " Awan Bennett." He said before extending his hand and shaking mine. "You from here, Bella?" He asked. " I moved here about a year ago with my Dad. I'm originally from Washington." I explained as he nodded. " Seattle?" " No, a small town called Forks." " Ah, so you must know about the Quileute tribe?" "Yeah," I smiled up at him. "I have a couple friends from there." I told him as I thought about Jake, Quil, and Embry. " Well you should know, that the Chinook tribe is way better." He smirked and I laughed. " And I'm guessing you're a part of the tribe?" I asked. " Not just a part of it, but a protector of it." He told me with an easy grin as we reached my car. "' Protector?' What's that supposed to mean?" I asked staring up at him. He opened his mouth, but the sound of his name being called stopped him. I looked around him to see two similar looking guys headed our way. They were both tall, with broad shoulders and toned muscles like Awan and also had the same tattoo on their chests. One had shorter hair though that seemed to fade along the sides. His eyes were less round than Awan's and more of an almond shape and darker brown. The other was a tad skinnier than the other two, but still huge and he had fuller lips with hair that swept to the side, and a small scar that ran through his right eyebrow. " Who's the pretty girl, Awan?" Eyebrow-scar asked, grinning mischievously at Awan. " Guys, this is Bella. Bella, these are my friends Jon," He motioned to the one with the shorter hair. "And Josh." He said motioning to the one with the eyebrow scar. " Nice to meet you, Bella." Jon smiled nicely as he shook my hand. " Yeah, any friend of Awan's is a friend of ours." Josh said butting in between Jon and I and shaking my hand. " Are you busy? Josh's girlfriend is making some food if you want to join." Jon offered and I smiled hesitantly. I just met these guys and now they were offering me food? Who exactly are these guys? They all seem friendly though and Charlie does want me to make friends. " Sure," I shrugged my shoulders. " Sweet! Mind giving us a ride there? It would be much faster if we drive." Josh asked and I simply nodded. They all piled into my small car and I couldn't stop the laughter that rose in my chest at the sight of three large guys piled in a small car. "Keep on laughing, squirt. Just more incentive for me." Josh said from his position in the backseat. " Leave her alone, Josh. You're gonna scare the poor girl before she even has a chance to know us." Awan said as I just snickered and pulled away from the beach. With a couple of directions from Jon, we shortly pulled up to a small one-story home with a forest green door. On the way there they had all given me information about themselves. They were all 20 and were surprised to hear I was 19. They had assumed I was younger. I found out that they worked for the tribe—doing what I wasn't completely sure. They had known each other since birth and have been best