Disclaimer: The Harry Potter universe belongs to the proverbial Duchess of Magic, JK Rowling, Scholastic, Bloomsbury, Warner Bros and some other high falutin' companies. No matter how much I whine about not owning anything related to the HP universe, other than a few fanfic plots, I do not profess to own - and would never dream of making any money off - JKR's wonderful world... Damn it! A/N1: Yeah, yeah. I've written another one. This one is gonna top out well over three quarters of a million words. So, if a short story is what you're chasing, this won't be it. A/N2: Time-wise, this story has a very slow start. There's a lot that happens within a very short time frame. As such, don't expect this story to 'gallop along' until all that needs to be told about is actually told about. A/N3: This story is essentially already written. So, don't try and bug me with your ideas of where you think it needs to go. It won't happen. Period. 'Nuff said. Chapter One - A Plan Comes Together _‗_ ―==(oIo)==― ˇ It had finally arrived. Harrison 'Harry' James Potter, Gryffindor fourth year, Boy-Who-Lived, orphan and unwilling fourth competitor 'slash' champion in the Tri-Wizard Tournament had been preparing for this day for the past three weeks. The day of the first task. Actually, he'd been preparing for this moment for a lot longer than that, but that had all been psychological. Just over three weeks earlier he was sitting at the Gryffindor House table in the Great Hall of Hogwarts castle, hoping against hope that this school year, his fourth at the famous Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry in south-western Scotland, would be free of threats to his life. If it was, it would be the opposite of his first three. This year, at the Welcoming Feast of the first of September, the Headmaster had stood and announced, among other notices, to the school that the school Quidditch competition had been cancelled. He announced that in its place would be the Tri-Wizard Tournament held between the so-called three major schools of Europe - Hogwarts, Beauxbatons Academy of Magic of France and the Durmstrang Institute of Bulgaria. He was very thankful when the next part of the announcement stated only those wizards and witches of-age - that is, those over seventeen - would be permitted to enter. It meant there was then supposed to be no chance of him being a competitor in what was clearly a very dangerous competition. When representatives of the other two schools arrived on the thirtieth of October, the students were then only given twenty four hours to submit their names to be considered for their school's champion and competitor in the Tournament. That's how he'd found out the draw to determine those names would occur on the thirty-first of October. And how did they submit their names? Why, it was by dropping a slip of parchment on which was written their name and school into a magical artefact called the Goblet of Fire. The thirty-first of October, Hallowe'en. That day had been particularly nasty for the young man. It was the day of the year his parents had been killed and he had been marked by the jagged scar on his forehead. It was day when, in first year, the possessed Professor Quirinus Quirrell had burst into the hall screaming about a troll being loose in the school; the troll he subsequently helped kill on the second floor while rescuing a fellow first year Gryffindor, Hermione Granger. In second year it was the day the caretaker's cat, Mrs Norris, had been petrified in a corridor on the second floor not far from that same bathroom; and began the nine months of Harry being accused as the Heir of Slytherin and shunned by practically everyone in the school except for Granger and another boy, Ron Weasley. And in third year, it was the day they had to sleep on the floor of the Great Hall because a supposed psychopath killer had attacked the portrait of the fat lady, the guardian to the Gryffindor common room, and believed to be trying to kill Harry. Now it was fourth year and, on that same day, his name had somehow come out of that powerful magical artefact as the fourth name of three to declare him a competitor. He should have anticipated it. He did. Harry Potter was not foolish; though he had given every indication of himself being just that since the day he first stepped foot into the school back on the first of September, 1991. He knew he was being manipulated. He knew he was being used. And he knew his primary manipulator was the powerful Albus Dumbledore A man who was Headmaster of his school; Chief Warlock of magical Britain's legislative body, the Wizengamot; Supreme Mugwump of the magical world's version of the United Nations, the International Confederation of Wizards; supposed Leader of the Light and his so-called magical guardian. He did not have the magical power or knowledge to directly confront the man. So, he bided his time. He needed evidence against the man of his misdeeds. And he needed that evidence to be so resoundingly proven or provable the manipulative old man would not be able to use his authority or extensive knowledge to skate free of the crimes for which he should surely be convicted. Plus, he needed to present that evidence in such a way that the old man could not shut him up before he presented it, in full. The first task of the Tri-Wizard Tournament gave him that golden opportunity and he seized it with both hands. _‗_ ―==(oIo)==― ˇ Growing up with his maternal aunt, Petunia, her abusive bully of a husband, Vernon and their only child and son, Dudley, Harry knew he was different. His aunt and uncle had tried to have him believe his parents were drunks and a whore who died in car crash. The same car crash they told him left him with the jagged scar on his forehead. By the time he was six he knew both of those 'truths' were, in fact, lies. They tried to tell him magic didn't exist and he'd be beaten and tossed into his cupboard every time he slipped up and mentioned something about it. He knew this 'truth' was also a lie. Then came the day his first Hogwarts letter arrived. Again, he'd slipped up. Stunned at receiving a letter, he'd carried it with the rest of the mail into the dining room. His cousin had seen it and snatched it out of his hand, loudly decrying Harry had 'stolen' a letter. When his aunt and uncle had seen it, both had paled in not a little fear. His uncle immediately burned it in the fireplace and he was again tossed into his cupboard for the day. However, when he was let out he was told to move into 'Dudley's second bedroom'; which led to Dudley throwing a massive tantrum. The next day, more letters arrived; apparently, the same as the first. That then started the next few days of Vernon doing everything he could to stop the letters turning up. He tried to board off the fireplace, board off the mail slot, everything. Letters turned up rolled up inside a delivery of a dozen fresh chicken eggs. Petunia shredded them in her food processor. The next day the letters poured out of the kitchen chimney. Vernon had had enough. So, he bundled everyone into his company car and they drove away. However, the first place they stopped, the letters found them again. A hundred of them, this time. They immediately moved again and Vernon took them out by boat to a hut upon a small rocky island. That night, at midnight, a giant of a man arrived and 're-educated' Harry of the truth about how he was a wizard. However, Harry already knew that. He also knew he had to fake it and make it look like he didn't know. And that started him on the whole idea of hiding what he knew even from the wizarding beings. He had already learned to bide his time. _‗_ ―==(oIo)==― ˇ Over the next three-plus years he had to collect his evidence as stealthily as possible. Yes, there were the occasional slip-ups, but he was able to get beyond them. When the headmaster, Dumbledore, returned to him his family heirloom invisibility cloak his first Christmas, he made use of it; but not just in the way Dumbledore thought he would. During that same first Christmas break, during a short period when he'd learned Dumbledore would be away for a couple of days, he made his first moves. He went back to Gringotts for a short visit. He had to pay them a pretty penny for their help and discretion; but help him and keep quiet about it they did. He'd also taken a great risk at the end of his second year, when he had to show a little of his true brilliance. He quickly devised a plan to free the house elf, Dobby, from his abusive master, Lucius Malfoy, right in front of the Headmaster. And struck. That same night, when he was able to sneak out of his dorm and be alone for a few minutes, he called that little elf to him. Less than a minute later, Dobby was secretly bonded to him. He felt that, while it was a small risk, by having a house elf of his own he could accomplish quite a few things he could not do on his own without too high a risk. The risk was already becoming too high his carefully crafted persona would be seen as the façade it was and having a house elf would alleviate much of that. Now, three-plus years later since he first re-entered the wizarding world, he finally had his golden opportunity. He had his letters prepared and, as soon as his name came out of the Goblet as he highly suspected it would, he sent them that same night. One went to Madam Director Amelia Bones, Director of the Department of Magical Law Enforcement, magical Britain's most senior law enforcement officer. He invited her to the first task as his special guest. Each competitor was allowed one special guest to sit in the judges box with the judges. He chose her. His letter to her also strongly suggested she bring with her quite a few aurors, the police force of wizarding Britain. He was going to put on a show, he claimed, they'd be talking about for years. She wrote back stating it would be her pleasure to be his special guest and her honour to attend. However, she also wanted to know what he was planning that would need so many aurors. To her annoyance he refused to tell her. His second letter went to the Minister suggesting he turn up. His third went to the editor of the Daily Prophet , magical Britain's daily newspaper. And the fourth went to Wizarding Media , the International wizarding world's version of Associated Press . Both were also encouraged to attend. When Ron Weasley, his supposed best friend, turned his back on him calling him a liar and cheat because his name came out of the Goblet, Harry pretended to be hurt. Inside, he was jumping for joy. It meant one less person watching him too closely. His only major hurdle to finalising setting everything up was Hermione Granger. Though he was annoyed she'd barely left him alone to get things done, he was also quite touched she'd both believed he didn't submit his name and stuck by him. Even when everyone else was calling him a liar and a cheat, she remained steadfast. He was emotionally touched by her active support. However, even she was not let in on the plan he had devised. He felt her unwavering obedience