[quick about:] this isn't exactly for a competition, just an idea for a series of prompts, inspired by "rainbow" by ke$ha. the series of prompts idea was given by CossetteLune (sorry, i can't link) and so, why not? i haven't written something stable and long in a while (cue my absence of updating in ' the mafia's wife '—and no, i don't know what's up with me either right there. i'm sort of rethinking my writing and the aesthetics of the story, but that doesn't matter here, so) and this is great for me. basically, each chapter will have at least one song from the 'rainbow' album centering it. capische? awesome. i got too many people / i got left to prove wrong / all those motherfuckers / been too mean for too long / and I'm so sick of crying, yeah / darling, what's it for? / i could fight forever, oh / but life's too short / don't let the bastards get you down, oh no / don't let the assholes wear you out / don't let the mean girls take the crown / don't let the scumbags screw you 'round / don't let the bastards take you down / been underestimated / my entire life / i know people gonna talk shit / and darling, that's fine / but they won't break my spirit / i won't let 'em win / i'll just keep on living, keep on living, oh / the way I wanna live / don't let the bastards get you down, oh no / don't let the assholes wear you out / don't let the mean girls take the crown / don't let the scumbags screw you 'round / don't let the bastards take you down / don't let the bastards get you down, oh no / don't let the assholes wear you out / don't let the mean girls take the crown / don't let the scumbags screw you 'round / don't let the bastards take you down jeesh i'm excited to write this. this quite literally screams girl power. (and lowercase letters, because i'm a bitch for aesthetics ↓ ) i. BASTARDS (pansy parkinson.) ( september 9, 2017 : unedited ) ( 4,288 words ) she was tired of crying. she was tired of being tired. she was tired of being let down. she was tired of nights spent in another's bed, nights spent not sleeping at all, nights spent barely settling into a comfortable rhythm before the pain set in. she was tired of being handled like garbage. she was tired of heartbreak. she was tired of being pathetic. in short, she was tired of everything . i am tired of you. i haven't even seen you for such a long time. she was tired of his gang of friends, leering at her, leering down her clothing, with the exception of theodore fucking nott, who usually averted his eyes and kept his head down during the ordeal, and even when she scowled them, her voice light, but her heart heavy, her eyes straying to him on more than one occasion, silently seeking his support, taking his silence during the ordeal as a sign that he did not agree with the rest of his friends. but he never said anything. he never helped. she was tired of the girls that trailed behind him whenever they got the opportunity, of the girls that would bitch behind her back and bitch in front of her, at her left and at her right. she was tired of being called a slut, she was tired of being called malfoy's whore. it has been such a long time. she was tired of life. she was tired of living. what was living if you had no one to live for? no one to love, not even a friend, let alone a close friend. close friends that remained faithful were such a rarity in this wretched world. there was no point in her life. she had no one to live for, and no one lived for her. no one cared about her. her thoughts silently strayed towards the direction it was inevitably stray to. Suicide . her grey eyes dully strayed to the ceiling, her pale, limp hands drawing up slowly to pull the covers around her bare body, but what was the point? she was quite sure she was bruised, from how roughly malfoy had handled her the last time they had met, the last time they would ever meet for the very thing they had met for in the first place, the very thing they would always meet for when he felt up to it. the lower half of her body still ached like a motherfucker, and Merlin , in the beginning, she had hated him with all the revulsion and the hate and the anger and the fury she had stored up inside of her. but all that hate, and revulsion, and fury, and anger, and every other faintly negative emotion inside her had faded as one day had passed, proceeded by another day, and another, and another. now, all there was left, was the emptiness. she welcomed the emptiness, but she also loathed it, just as she welcomed him , and loathed him all in the same while. now, the desire, the want for him had faded into nothingness, into nothing. and she was quite glad. she did not want to want him. she did not want to want him ever again , dear Merlin. but soon, the urges would be back. soon, she would want him again, lust after him again, once the dull throbbing that had bothered her for a couple of days died down. and the thought of wanting him again, after suffering all that humiliation, after all that pain, after all that heartbreak made her insides thrash with embarrassment, made her insides twist this way and that way, and made her heart give a sudden lurch, horror overcoming her mind. when she thought of wanting him again, it was only the humiliation and embarrassment she would experience that made her cheeks tint a nearly impossible shade of red. and her face was sickly, pallid, and unhealthy, for she had eaten nothing but three, four crackers at a time continuously for days. she needed to take care of herself. she needed to get up. she needed to stay alive, pretend that his ending whatever fucked up thing that they between them had not affected her. but the ugly truth was, that it had affected her. she had nearly fallen in love with the bastard. at this thought, a faint wave of nausea trilled through her. love . what was love? would she ever find out? would she ever know? had she ever experienced it, besides nearly falling in love with the malfoy bastard? a frayed image of her parents flicked through her mind; her mother's pudgy nose was as large and pudgy as ever, and thank lord that pansy's had actually gotten better over the years, for she would never have gotten over it. her father's nearly bald head was neat and tidy, the stray hairs neatly combed back. his lips were pressed together and curving slightly at the sides forcefully, almost as if he was trying to smile but was not succeeding. they had died in the battle of hogwarts, though how they did, and which side they had fought for, and what sort of fighting they had known and done escaped her. she had never asked, she had never cared to ask. or maybe it was just that she didn't want to face the ugly truth, whatever the answer may have been. if they had fought on the winning side, they would be considered heroes, but she would be dishonored for she had not fought at all. i they had fought on the losing side, then she would be disgraced, for her parents had died on the bad side of the war. but everything before that, everything before the war, was just a faint, distant memory, much like how life was passing for her these past few days, and pansy did not know much besides the fact that pansy knew that they had spoiled her the way a parent would never want to spoil his child. she would take care of her child. she would not spoil her child. she would love her child, and therefore, she would not spoil her child—and whatever the bloody hell was she doing, thinking about having children ? whoever would she have children with ? whoever would want to deal with her ? a sudden crack from somewhere nearby disturbed pansy's train of thought, and her grey eyes flickered dully towards the closed mahogany doors leading to her room. her room itself was a mess; shattered glass, laying all over the room, ready to splinter any and everybody, clothes strewn on the floor, empty packets of crackers at the sides of her bed, her various designer bags strewn across the room in heaps. she had thrown a tantrum a while after the malfoy bastard had left the room, before sitting down, still naked from what had been done before he had left. and she most definitely did not plan on getting up and picking up one of the various things thrown across the room to act as a defense for whoever was heading towards her. she did not care. maybe god had decided to rid her of her misery, and a burglar was coming her way to shoot her and take all her things. faintly, at the back of her mind, she registered that it might have been many of her supposed friends come to ask her out to a party, or the like, but she shrugged off the thought, not caring. the door to her room banged open, and a very flustered, very irritated, green-eyed brown-haired girl stood, her wand lazily raised, her green orbs almost instantly finding pansy. pansy almost enjoyed the surprise, the confusion, that crossed Astoria Greengrass's face as she took note of Pansy's state—and then that spark of glee faded into shame, because Pansy realized that she almost certainly had no shame, if she did not mind anyone seeing her in such a wretched state. pansy watched as astoria's sweet, heart-shaped face underwent a chain of emotions, ranging from uncontrollable shock to inquisitiveness, a raised eyebrow quirking up, and at that, pansy felt a wave of gratitude sweep through her, knowing without astoria having to tell her that she was not going to ask if she was fine, if she was okay, if everything was okay, if her life was going smoothly. that was what her friends would have done. astoria was not her friend. astoria was nothing to her, but a something to her, and that was exactly what assured pansy that astoria would not ask the obvious. because she most certainly was not okay. "Parkinson." her voice was nearly a sigh, as if she was disappointed in pansy. pansy looked back at her impassively, gorging what to do, and what not to do, wondering what the girl could possibly want from her, because she and astoria? they did not meld together. at all. astoria looked over her once more, before taking an almost tentative step into the room, closing the door behind her with a wave of her wand. "Dearest Greengrass," she answered coldly, her voice rougher and scratchier than she would have liked it to be. "Whatever might you be here for, darling? And how is your sister? Is she doing well?" her voice was not smooth. it cracked at the edges, cracked in the middle of her words, cracked everywhere, and pansy was amusedly reminded of a spider's web torn apart for whatever reason it may be. astoria leaned on the doorframe, watching her with passive eyes, and she got the feeling that the other girl was also gorging what to do and what not