Chapter 1 Harry groaned as he opened his eyes and winced as a bright light filled them. Closing them quickly again he waited a few moments before slowly opening them again, taking his time so he could see just what was going on around him. What came into view though was not anything he had expected, as he seemed to by laying in a forest, though where was hard to till which one. Shaking his head, he slowly sat up and groaned loudly as his sore body protested this movement after laying like it had been on the hard ground. Making out the outline of his glasses sitting beside him on the ground he picked them up, and put them on. The world came back quickly into focus allowing Harry to see just where he was for the first time. Harry seemed to be in the outer edges of a forest, more than likely the Forbidden Forest, which surrounded his school. And as he looked around to try and figure out where he was, he spotted a large castle some distance away from him, making him realize he was most likely correct. Harry's memories finally started catching up to him again at this point, playing out like a film in front of him. He watched his life at his cousin's house, the Dursley, the 10 long and terrible years he spent there. He could remember his aunt and uncle, both overly demanding and angry at or with him, then their own son, spoiled beyond anyone else Harry knew with weight and anger to spare. Harry's mind then jumped to getting the letter from Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. It was for the first time in his life everything was explained to him, all his weirdness. He had magic, and not one of his relatives had any. He soon went to the school, where he was famous, and he met his first two friends; Ron Weasley, and Hermione Granger. At first everything was going okay, but then things slowly began to change as a weird set of events made them realize something was going on. After a lot of works they found out just what was going on. Hidden in the school was an item called the Sorcerer Stone, and a person named Voldemort was after it. The scary thing was Voldemort was the person that had killed Harry's own parents and was the reason for him living with his relatives. Harry, Ron, and Hermione had gone after the stone to save it from Voldemort, but only Harry, by the time they reach the stone, was able to fight. Ron had been knocked out earlier in the process and Hermione, had gone back to get some help as she nor Harry was a match for Voldemort, or anyone else that might have been with him. But the person Harry had met was not the person who they had thought was helping Voldemort. It was not Professor Snape, how for seemingly no reason seemed to hate Harry and was, for lack of a better term, evil. But rather it was Professor Quirrell, who seemed like he would jump in fright from his own shadow. And gone was Professor Quirrell's stuttering and scared demeanor. Quirrell revealed he had caused all the problems at the school throughout the entire year. And then had captured and tried to use Harry to get the stone. But Harry had lied about getting it, and after getting shoved to the side by Quirrell trying to get the stone again he had taken off running. He dodged the spells with a little bit of luck. But Harry had gotten caught by Quirrell before he could leave the room. Harry scar, shaped like a lightning bolt, had hurt so much when Quirrell grabbed his hand Harry could barely think as it burned on his forehead. Quirrell had backed up, and Harry was just able to catch the glimpse of Quirrell's hand, bright red with burns. But before Harry might try and make use of this Quirrell had stumbled back and pointed his wand at Harry. A spell leapt out of Quirrell's wand, a dark and deep green. And Harry, though he did not know how, knew this spell was the same one that had killed his parents. Harry braced himself not able to get out of the way of the spell, his scar hurt too much, and he was too stunted to move. And as the spell impacted him the spell seemed to stop moving as his scar began hurting more than ever before. Harry at this point blacked out, not able to take the pain anymore. Which made Harry wonder just why he was out in the forest, and better yet what had happened to Quirrell. But as Harry moved he felt the stone was still safely kept in his pocket. Taking a few deep breaths, Harry tried to think about what to do next realizing that his scar was no longer hurting. And as he put his hand up to his head and realize after a moment his scar was no longer there. "How you feeling," A voice said to his right. Harry turned grabbing for his wand but not finding it. He looked about for it for a few moments before finally giving up and looked at the speaker. "What… who are you?" Harry asked, his eye falling on a red haired female the same age as himself. "I… I am your mother, Lily Potter," the female said a plain tone of voice. "My… mother," Harry said, his eyes meeting her own and stopped moving, and for that matter nearly stopped breathing. Harry was known for three things in his appearance. First was his overall appearance, at least according to most, said he looked just like his father. But two big things about this were not true. First and most well-known was his lightning bolt scar. The second, were his eyes bright green like large shining emeralds. And this female eye were the same as his own. "But... but, how?" Harry was finally able to get out, "I mean you're my age!" "A long story, I can explain if you wish," Lily said. "Explain please. Also what am I doing out here, what happened to Quirrell and what is going on here?" Harry said speaking a little faster than he had meant to. "Well the best way to answer all that I should start with the beginning," Lily answered. Harry nodded, and shifted a little bit feeling less sore as he pulled his legs towards him. He was still wanting to run for it right now, but his body was not ready to run at all. Lily looked at him for a few moments before speaking. "Well it started with a prediction given about Voldemort, you, myself, and your father. It said that the one that could defeat Voldemort would soon be born to those that had thrice defied him, and in the month of July. It stated Voldemort would mark him as his equal and he would have power the dark lord knowns not," Lily said before adding, "I can tell you the full version later if you wish." Harry nodded, before motioning for her to continue, which she did, "Now, after hearing this we moved into hiding, but not because we were worried about it. But rather our spy in Voldemort's ranks reported that Voldemort had also found about this prediction, and as such he was acting on it. But it was not until two years later did the events come to past, and you were born." "Okay, so he learned about you and decided to hunt you down then," Harry guessed. "Yes, we went into hiding under some of the most powerful spells out there. They were able to hide us very well, but I felt it was not enough. As such both you and your father began working on some ideas of our own to make sure we would all live. I began researching powerful spells and even some of the dark arts, while your father began looking for better ways to keep us hidden." "Dark arts?" Harry asked a little surprised, the need to run slowly fading as his interest grew. "Yes, though I might add some of the darkest magic is not really that dark if the conditions are willingly met. Anyway, the spells I came across gave me hopes for the future, but the process and possible results would be considered so dark… and slightly wrong. What I discovered allowed me to tie my life force to your own, but I hoped I would never have to use the spell," Lily said. "What did my father find?" Harry asked, not completely believing what this Lily was saying. "It was newly created ward charm where you could hide a secret with someone. Basically if I were to be the secret keeper, even if you were standing right outside your own house, unless I told you where the house was, you would never be able to see it. But in our set up of the spell, we gave the wrong person the secret, and they betrayed us," Lily said, a look of anger passing over her face. "So Voldemort attacked then?" Harry guessed. "Yes, your father tried to fight him, giving both you and me time to escape. But Voldemort must have spent more than a few hours setting up a set of wards and spell to keep us from escaping, as every method I tried failed. Finally I retreated to your own room and realized I did not have any choice but the use of my last results methods to save you.. Pointing my wand at you, I cast the spell, sealing my life force to your own," Lily explained. "Okay, so how did he die then, Voldemort I mean," Harry asked To his surprise Lily grinned rather happily, "It was a powerful potion of my own making. I knew I was going to die that night, but I was going to make sure Voldemort came down with me. It was designed to reflect spell that had affected me, back on the caster at three or four times its original strength. As he cast the killing curse at me, the effect was amazing to say the least. It hit him, and destroyed his body, and continued on into the house itself. The effect on the house, or what I could see before my body faded, left it looking like a bomb had gone off." "That sound crazy," Harry said in a blunt tone. "Yes, now I did not fully awake for nearly two years after these events. Best I can tell your scar was were my spirit was sealed, and from there I tried the best I could to help you. But… well the spell I cast linking us together would only bring me back under one condition, and that was if you were about to die. So for eight years, I was forced to watch those animals raise you the way they did," Lily said, her tone and eyes filling with anger. "It…" Harry began but Lily cut in. "It is not okay. I was not able to comfort you, I was not able to protect you. I was not able to do anything for you. I could not be the mother I should have been," Lily said, glaring at the ground. Harry could see, not just anger but also regret, and he found himself feeling pity towards Lily. He so wanted to believe her, but how could he. She was his age, which was way too young. Lily, his real mother should be at the youngest in her late twenty. But before he got that one answered Harry had another question he wanted to know. "So how did you come back this time?" Harry asked. "Quirrell cast the killing curse at you. And as this spell was going