Disclaimer: These characters, Percy Jackson and The Olympians and Heroes of Olympus belong to Rick Riordan. The Grammy awards do not belong to me. The story is all that's mine. So this was kind of a weird idea I had one day, and now I've finally gotten down to writing it. I wrote it all in one go, so hopefully it's not too bad. I hope you enjoy it. 1. Annabeth was late. It was her first day volunteering at the library, and she was late. Cursing under her breath, she sped down the crowded street, brushing past people urgently as she sped up her already brisk walk. The cool wind whipped her curly blonde hair into a frenzy, and she frantically tried to flatten its wild careening to no avail. Could her day get any more frustrating? As she turned a corner, practically running by this point, she heard a faint music coming from somewhere. Now, Annabeth didn't consider herself a huge music lover; she liked it well enough, but she was never enthralled by bands and songs like many others were. It was simply that if she liked a song, she liked it. And she liked this song. She could make out a singer, a drummer and maybe a couple of guitars. The melody was upbeat and energetic, and the playing was very impressive. So much so did she enjoy it, that she was almost compelled to stop and just listen. Almost. As she sped along, the music grew louder, and she could now see that it was being sung and accompanied by a small group of guys performing on the sidewalk. They were performing with an exuberant energy and life, radiating an aura of happiness. Suddenly, Annabeth's day didn't seem quite as frustrating. Nearing the group, she saw that they had a guitar case set out for change. Considering she was enjoying the music so, Annabeth felt generous and quickly slipped a five dollar bill from her purse, dropping it into their case with a brief smile as she passed by. For just a moment, she caught the sea green eyes of the singer, who was looking genuinely surprised at her action; then it passed and she was on the move again. She looked back just in time to see the boy with tousled black hair give her a salute of gratitude with a wide grin to go with it. Turning away and rushing off, Annabeth smiled to herself, almost happy that she was running slightly late. Percy was having a frustrating day. A couple of weeks ago, he and his friends: Jason, Leo, Frank and Nico (with Grover behind the scenes), had decided to form a band. They were all reasonably musically gifted, and it had always been a dream of theirs, so they had gotten together instruments and even written a few great songs, but soon they had realised that it wasn't quite that easy. Then, Grover had suggested that they try to perform on the street to raise some money and hopefully gain some recognition. With little to lose, they had agreed. Now they were out on the sidewalk of a busy street in New York, singing and playing their hearts out, and nobody was noticing. Masses of people passed by, not even turning a head towards them; it was as though they didn't exist. Every once in a while, they got a couple of coins, but they were thrown rather contemptuously, more a plea to stop than a cheer to continue. So, morale was low in the camp, and they were beginning to consider giving up. Then, out of nowhere, a five dollar bill landed in their guitar case. Percy was absolutely astounded, so much so that he almost forgot to keep singing as he stared at the small smile of the beautiful girl who had been so generous. However, in a flash of gorgeous blonde princess curls, she was already moving on. As she looked back, before she completely melted into the crowd to disappear forever, Percy gave her a salute of gratitude with a wide grin, and was happy to see amusement in her storm grey eyes. Maybe this day wasn't so frustrating after all. 2. Annabeth disliked bars. She had never been much of a drinker, and she just found the whole experience somewhat boring and tedious. Nevertheless, her good friend Piper had dragged her to one anyway, saying she needed to " loosen up" and "have some fun". Sitting at a table, nursing a lemonade, and watching as guy after guy came up and tried to get Piper's number, watching as guy after guy was then promptly rejected by said girl, was not her idea of a fun night. Annabeth enjoyed Piper's company immensely, she truly did, but she preferred to enjoy her company in a more comfortable environment, like a library or a café. Despite all her woes, she could do little but wait for the time to pass and hope it ended quickly. Just as she was considering whether it would be worth ordering some shots just to have something to do, Annabeth was distracted by an oddly familiar sound. Looking around, her eyes were drawn to the small stage towards the back of the bar, where an oddly familiar group of boys stood, with instruments in hand playing a song she remembered had lifted her spirits on a bad day those weeks ago. Like before, the song once again made her feel better, its energy and life wore away at her negativity like the waves against a cliff. She was enraptured by the tune. Now that she was not in a hurry, and the band was going nowhere, Annabeth got a chance to properly see the singer who had looked so surprised, then so overjoyed. He really was very attractive, she assessed. She decided that staying for a while longer may not be so bad. When the group had finished, they left the stage, and a couple of minutes later, emerged into the bar without their instruments, accompanied by a sixth boy with curly brown hair who hadn't been playing. They had taken a seat at a table and the black haired, green eyed singer had stood to go get drinks at the bar. She had told Piper to go ahead and wait in the car, saying she'd only be a few minutes. Contemplating her chances and weighing up her circumstances, Annabeth finally steeled herself to go over and talk to him. Just to congratulate him and the band and tell him she liked their music. "Hey." She said, awkwardly sidling up to him as he leant casually on the bar top. Silently panicking, without even waiting for a response, she thrust out the canvas tote bag she had brought with her and blurted, "I really like your music; could you sign this?" As soon as she said it, she closed her eyes, mentally beating herself up for what she had just uttered. "So that when you become famous and all, I can say that I was your first and number one fan." She added, trying to amend her previous idiocy, trying to smile through her inner cringing at every word she was saying. Up until that point, the guy hadn't said anything, but had just stared at her with wide eyes, flabbergasted, but then to her relief, his surprised expression morphed into an easy grin and he took the bag from her with a small laugh. "Sure, I guess." He pulled a pen from the back pocket of his jeans that had Riptide written on it and turned to her, "What should I write? Oh! I know!" He began to frantically scribble on the bag, looking much too excited by a simple signing. Annabeth watched as he wrote carefully, with his tongue sticking out slightly, and found herself thinking how cute he was. Mid sentence he paused and turned to her, opening his mouth to say something, just as her phone rang. She scrambled to answer it and said, "Hello?" "It's me, Piper. Where are you? It's been like ten minutes, we need to get going." "Yeah, okay, I'm coming. Don't worry." Annabeth hung up and faced the cute guy, "I'm sorry, I've got to go. I love your music and you'll definitely get famous." Hurriedly, she took the bag back without reading it, and as she turned to leave and walked a little distance away, he called to her with a great smile that could span an ocean, "I hope to see you again Miss Number One Fan!" With a last smile and a sudden inspiration, she called back over her shoulder with a small laugh, "Just dedicate your first Grammy to me!" With that, she left the bar and joined Piper in the car. Only there did she read what he had written: Form Percy Jackson and The Olympians To our nubmer one fan, Miss The small misspellings led Annabeth to believe he was dyslexic, and found herself feel a slight happiness to know she had something in common with him. With some sadness though, she saw that he hadn't finished the message because she'd forgotten to give him her name. Percy Jackson , huh? Annabeth liked it. Percy was jittery with excitement. Their band The Olympians finally had their first gig! Grover had arranged it, and it was at a small bar in town. It was nothing much, but it was something . As soon as they had walked on stage and begun to play, Percy's eye was caught by a familiar head of blonde princess curls and a pair of stormy grey eyes. He remembered her. She was the girl who had given them those five dollars that had given them hope. She was the girl to be the first one to notice them. She was the girl who seemed to genuinely enjoy their music. Now that she wasn't rushing past, and instead sitting at a table and watching them play, Percy observe that she was in fact very pretty. And so, with her as their audience, they played their hearts out until their throats were sore, and not for one second did she take her eyes off them. After their performance, the group had decided to have a few celebratory drinks, so they put their instruments away and entered the bar. Percy was coerced by the other guys, much to his protest, to go up to the bar and get them all drinks. A few moments later however, he was ready to pay for all of their drinks as thanks for forcing him up there, because the beautiful blonde girl had quietly approached him and greeted him with, "Hey." Logically, Percy knew that he should respond, and that it was probably rude to just stare at her dumbfounded, but he couldn't help himself, because why would she approach him? And more so, how was she so pretty? Then, only a second later, she thrust a canvas bag out in front of her, and with eyes shut tight in an adorable way, she blurted: "I really like your music; could you sign this?" Now he was even more surprised; she wanted him, Percy, to sign something? He couldn't believe it. Before he could say anything, she continued, "So that when you become famous and all, I can say that I was your first and number one fan." She really was very cute. Trying to shake off his shock and appear cool, he smiled and responded in possibly the lamest way he could muster, "Sure, I guess." He mentally kicked himself. Percy took the bag from her hands and pulled out his pen. "What should I write?" He asked her, never having done a signing before, but, suddenly was hit with inspiration. "Oh! I know!" With the utmost concentration, praying that his dyslexia wouldn't show too much, he wrote the words: From Percy Jackson and The Olympians To our number one fan,