-Olympus- Description: Three and a half years have passed since Hirius fought his father, Hades, and was given his curse. In that time, he and his friends have searched for a way to break the curse, but their search has yielded no results. Now, after a dream has plagued him for the past weeks, Hirius decides to head to Olympus, despite his exile, in order to ask the gods for help. However, it will not be as easy as simply asking them for help. And so, a new adventure begins. IMPORTANT NOTE (Please Read): I was recently browsing the internet and I found that someone had the nerve to copy two of my stories, post them on another website, and pass them off as their own work. Listen, you should never copy another persons work, it's just wrong and you will not get away with it. So always remember, respect the work that authors put into their stories and never try to copy them. Well, that note will be going on all of my stories in the future. Anyway, usually I have a lot to say when I post a new story, but this time I have nothing. So, as always, enjoy the new story. Sarah and Justin, You guys are probably going to hate me for this, but I'm not going to drag you into this one. Not yet at least. Not after…well, you guys know what I'm going to say. Look, there's just something that I have to do and it'll have to be on my own for once so that's how I'll be going it for now. Don't worry, I'll be back, just give it a few days, I'm not running off into mortal peril without you guys, I know you would never let me do that. Just stay where you are for now. I'm sorry Sarah, not just for this, but…well, you know. Hirius I read the note that I had prepared for my friends for what felt like the millionth time. After everything we had been through, all the times they had risked their lives for me, I felt awful about sneaking off in the middle of the night while they were sleeping, but it was the only way I would be able to get away from them. They always had a tendency to follow me wherever I went, even if they knew there was a good chance that all of us could get killed. This time I knew that I had to go it alone though. I walked around the fire and set the note down next to Sarah, weighing it down with a small rock so I would be sure that it didn't blow away during the night. Sarah stirred for a moment before I got up to leave, but she remained asleep. I sat there and watched her for a moment. I was used to this, being up at night, wondering if what I was doing was right. The longer I stayed with Sarah and Justin, the more I thought that it wasn't fair to the two of them. It had been over three years since I had faced Hades and he in turn gave me the curse of eternal youth. Justin and Sarah had both recently turned eighteen, but I hadn't aged a day since then. I felt like I had been keeping them from having lives of their own, like they had wasted those years chasing after something that was almost entirely hopeless. I bent down and kissed Sarah lightly. "Bye Sarah," I said, "I'll be back soon, I promise." Before I left her, I took a quick look at the bandages wrapped around her lower body. They would have to be changed in the morning. They were soaked in blood again. Recently, the three of us went on a little trip to Greece in hopes that we would find an answer to breaking my curse there. It may have been the worst mistake we had ever made. Being that close to the ancient lands isn't good when you're a demigod. Evils so ancient and deadly reside there that we couldn't even have imagined what it was like. Anyway, the short version of the trip was that Sarah was stabbed in the side by a dagger wielding monster that I never got a good look at. Normally, a bit of ambrosia and nectar would've patched her up within a few days at the least, but the dagger must have been coated with something because, even after going through what was left of our supply, the wound had yet to heal entirely. We were just lucky that Justin was a son of Apollo. Even if he wasn't the best healer, he still knew enough to keep Sarah alive and patch up her wound. It hadn't healed entirely yet, but she looked much better than she had when we left Greece. Sarah stirred again and I heard Justin doing the same. It became clear that I shouldn't stick around much longer, so I stood and made my way out of our camp. I traversed through the woods a little ways until I was sure that I was far enough that I wouldn't wake Sarah and Justin. I concentrated on an image of a spot in New York City as I pulled the shadows in around me. Soon enough, I felt the familiar tugging feeling before I was shrouded in darkness and was shot forward like a bullet. Shadow travel wasn't the most enjoyable way to travel, or the easiest, but it was the fastest. Before I knew it, the shadows melted away and I was standing in a familiar alleyway in the middle of New York City. I was pretty far from where I actually wanted to go, but the thing about shadow travel is that you really don't want to appear right in front of people, otherwise you might end up giving a mortal a heart attack, so I had to make sure that I would end up appearing in a spot where no one would be around to see me. I sat down and let myself rest for a bit. Shadow travel doesn't look difficult, but it takes a lot of energy, it's easier when it's dark out, but that doesn't help as much as you might think, especially when you travel across an entire country. I probably sat there for a couple of hours, taking in the place where I was. It had been several years since everything had happened, but I still hated this place. It just served as a reminder of the fact that I wouldn't see my little sister ever again. Despite how much I hated it though, I still spent a long time sitting there, drinking in the memories. Before I knew it, the sun was beginning to rise. I got up and made my way onto the streets of New York, blending in with a crowd of people passing by. A couple years ago, walking out on the streets in broad daylight would've been dangerous for me, especially in New York. There were two reasons for that, one was that when I was twelve I accidentally used my powers to push a boy out of the top floor window of the orphanage that I lived at when I was a kid, so I was technically considered a murderer. Well, I was anyway, but not anymore. I found out that an investigation was done and that no clear evidence was found to convict me of the crime, so they cleared me of all charges. Of course, there was also the fact that I was considered a terrorist for several years after I destroyed the Washington Monument during a fight with a Cyclopes, but, a few years ago, the video that started the whole thing was reanalyzed and people finally saw the Cyclopes in the video and everyone just sort of decided that I was innocent and that this new guy must have been the culprit. It's funny how mortals figure things out you know. Anyway, basically, I was no longer considered a criminal in any way, though I had become somewhat like a celebrity in the mortal world, to those that recognized me anyway. I quickly made my way through the streets towards my destination, wanting to get there as fast as I could, and, soon enough, I was standing outside of the Empire State Building. Okay, so, even being in the state of New York wasn't safe for me let alone standing right on the gods' doorstep. The Olympians had all decided that I shouldn't exist, but they let me live so long as I didn't interfere in any of their business. Basically, as long as I pretended like I didn't exist, I was allowed to live. I knew that I might as well be asking Zeus to incinerate me on the spot, but something kept pushing me to come here. The last few days, I kept having this weird dream, which I was used to, but this one wasn't quite like the others. In this dream, I was always standing at the entrance to the Empire State Building. I never did anything though, I would just stand there and stare up, but I was always staring at the sky above the building. I was always alone in the dream too. I didn't know if that meant anything, but I thought it best to play it safe. One thing I knew for sure, the dream was definitely telling me that I needed to go to Olympus. Oh, if you didn't know already, Olympus, the home of the gods, is above the Empire State Building. I walked into the lobby. The place was packed with people, but I didn't really care much, and I pushed my way through the crowd to the security desk. The guard was reading a book and wasn't paying much attention to anyone, even when they were asking him questions. I tried to get his attention, but he didn't notice me at all. Finally, I just decided to speak up. "Six hundredth floor, please," I said. That's the non-existent floor that Olympus is on. The guard took a moment to answer. "That floor doesn't exist," he said. "I need to speak to Zeus," I said, "You know, king of Olympus." The guard was silent again for a long time, and I thought that I had just made the mistake of talking about our world to a mortal. I was about to make a run for it before he decided to call the police, but then he spoke up again." "Lord Zeus only takes an audience if you make an appointment," he said, "He's busy, especially these days." "Oh, I think he can make an exception in this case," I told him. "Really," the guard questioned, "And just what makes you so special?" "I'm sure even you've heard of me," I said, "My name is Hirius." "Hirius," the guard asked, finally putting his book down and looking at me. He took a moment to look me up and down, and then he let out a howl of laughter. "You've got guts showing up here," the guard said, "Zeus said he'd kill you if you got within ten feet of this building." He went back to reading his book and was silent again for a while. "In case you were wondering," he started again, "That means you can't go up." I was already starting to get fed up with this guy. "Look, I need to see Zeus. Now!" The guard didn't answer me. "Alright, if you know who I am, then you know what I've done," I said, "I think it would be in your best interest to help me here." The guard looked at me again. "Are you threatening me, kid," he asked. I stared him in the eye. "What if I am," I asked. The guard held my stare for a