I'm soooooo sorry that this story took me so long to upload. I really self-conscious about this chapter and I wanted it to be perfect for you guys so that 3-4 week time I told you guys in Fire Meets Water turned into a 1 almost 2-month writing period. I really hope you enjoy the story I worked really hard on this chapter and the chapters in this story will be a lot longer so upload dates will probably more spaced out and I hope to upload 1 chapter per month. And if you haven't read my fanfiction story Twilight Fire Meets Water I really recommend you go read that and then come back here because you might not know some of the charters or plot. Enjoy!. -Brandi964 Prologue This is my fault. All of it. I put myself, my family, and my friends in danger just because I had to be born a stupid, curious ass of a girl. "After a hurricane comes a rainbow," said someone and that might be true in some situations but for mine that just seems impossible. My family, friends gone? Away, fallen, no more I have yet to say the word dead which I know is true. In a matter of months, it all went wrong a few months ago everything was perfect everyone was happy. Where do I start, Well maybe I should tell you when this all started. 1. Another Chapter in Life 6 years later Elizabeth's POV The cold ocean water hit my face as I swined as fast I could like I was in the Olympics. I didn't care if the water was 40° or below somehow it didn't phase me and I know swimming in the winter sounds like a stupid idea but it's actually kind of relaxing. Whenever I need to clear my mind or relax I always come to the sea maybe me being half fish has something to do with it. I started swimming towards the shore avoiding all the large waves that threatened to hit me in the face. When I got close enough to the shore I lifted my head from the water and kiss my husband Seth who waiting for my arrival. "Morning beautiful," he said in between our kiss and flashed his pearly white smile which made me want to pull him off the rock he was kneeling on and kiss him even harder. "Eww," I heard someone say until I looked to my left and saw a beautiful little girl with porcelain skin, big brown eyes and long pitch black hair. Standing next to her was a boy he was a few inches shorter and had brown hair that went almost to his shoulders and chocolate brown eyes with light brown skin. My daughter Star and my son Alex stared at us from a distance and pointed at us while they laughed a bit. "Nothing to, see here" I said and swam closer to them while they both looked astonished at my purple scaled tail. "Mommy you look so pretty,"said Star in her usually soft sounding voice and ran her soft warm hands on my cheek. "Me? Well your look at you you're two times as pretty as me" I said and lifted my head up high enough to kiss her and Alex on the cheek. Seth handed me a towel and when I swam close enough to the shore I dryer off and my tale went away in seconds leaving me in my light blue bikini. "How was your swim?" asked Seth wrapping his arms around my waist. "It was great and how did you find me here?" I asked even though I already knew the answer. Seth knows all the places I wonder off too when I need time alone and I've been coming to this beach more often these days. It's only a five or ten minute walk away from our house so I can easily slip out of the house without anyone noticing (except for Seth). "You always come here and I had a small feeling," he said and kissed my cheek from behind me being very tender. "You know me too well," I said and looked at him with a smile and he smiled back at me."Well, we should get going it's going to snow soon" I said and started walking towards the kids while Seth followed behind me by inches. I picked up Alex and Seth carried Star to the house and good thing left the beach because it started to snow right when we entered the house. And just so you know mermaids and snow do not mix and whenever it does snow I always need an umbrella and lots of layers just to leave the house and on a few occasions Seth had to carry me to the car. Oh, I should probably tell you what has been happening the last 6 years well where do I start. Ok so, I gave birth to my beautiful baby boy Alex Harry Clearwater and Audrey gave birth to two yes I said two baby girls Athena Tiffany Call and Armony Ember Call. And the rest of the time has been peace and quiet and Star had recently turned 7 and Alex is now 6 wow my children are growing up so fast. Seth and I have agreed that we would homeschool Alex and Star until they got into high school Audrey and Embry are doing the same thing because they're too young to understand that there more than humans. It feels like 6 years have gone by so fast it feels like just yesterday I had given birth to my son but now I'm in a new chapter in my life. I sat Alex and Star on the floor to play with their toys next to the Christmas tree while I walked up stairs to go change into my black leggings and white sweater that was a bit big for me. As I walked down stairs I smelt eggs and bacon on the stove and saw Seth making breakfast like he always did because he was the best cook in the house. I walked into the kitchen and surprised Seth by suddenly pulling him close to me and wrapping my arms around his neck. I pulled him into a kiss and he kissed me back while wrapping his arms around my waist. "I love you," I said and pulled away from our kiss with a big smile on my face. "I love you more," he said and hugged me close. "That's impossible," I said and ran my hands on his warm chest and pulled away from our hug and looked him straight in his big brown eyes. "Have I ever told you how beautiful your eyes are?" He asked running his warm hand against my cheek. He always tells me how my eyes are my best feature and I agree with him because my eyes are purple, pink and blue all mixed together to look life the Galaxy. The reason they look like that because the fact that I'm a seer which means I get visions from the future and the past when I touch things. "Yes Seth you tell me every day," I said and I kissed his soft,warm lips one more time but then Seth put his hands on my ass which kept me close to him. Whenever I kiss him I always have to stand on my tippy toes and hold onto his shoulder for me to even get close enough to his height which was way too tall compared to my size. "And did I tell you how fucken sexy you looked in that bikini" he whispered in a seductive tone only inches away from my ear. "Not in front of the children" I whispered and moved my eyes towards the boy and girl playing on the floor but he didn't stop actually he squeezed even harder. I moaned a bit but not loud enough for anyone but Seth to hear. I loved the his hands against my body but now wasn't the time Even though I didn't want this to end. "Morning," said Audrey coming in it took me a second to realize why she was here but then I realized that the twins had a play date with Alex and Star. I quickly removed Seth's hands and turned to look at Audrey. When the twins came in I could barely tell Armony from Athena but Armony had light russet skin and streaks of brown in her orange hair while Athena had orange hair with bright orange eyes like kids always got along especially Alex and Armony who would jump into each other's arms right when they laid there eyes on each other. "Later, I promise" I whispered into Seths ear and kissed the side of his cheek. I walked towards Audrey and gave her a hug like I always did when anybody came into the house. "Morning Audrey were Embry I thought he was coming with you?" asked Seth looking at Audrey. "He's on a run oh and Jacob called a pack meeting," said Audrey in a calm voice and then I heard a wolf's howl sounding not too far from us with a few more howls coming a second later. "I better get going love you," he said kissing my lips quickly and then kissed the kids and then bolted out the door. Me and Audrey sat at the dining table and had a little discussion. "Elizabeth, I'm worried about Armony and Athena," said Audrey looking over at the twins. "I feel ya Audrey, Seth and I don't know if Alex will be a werewolf or not we talked to Sam but he has no theory," I said in a serious voice looking at Audrey and at Alex. "It's a bit more confusing with us they're twins so we don't know if that means they have the same gene or if they're different but I could see Armony being a shapeshifter but with Athena I'm not sure," said Audrey in her most serious voice possible. "We're just gonna have to wait until they phase but that could be years from now" I said Seth and Embry know more about the old Quileute legends and I've only heard the story once "But it is possible the twins could be human" it was the scariest thought I had on my mind ever since the twins and Alex were born. "That would just be shitty," said Audrey in a low tone that only I could hear and I agreed with her it would be shitty if one child could die of old age and the other child and the parents still look 18. "Hey let's try not to be so negative Christmas is tomorrow," I said trying to be enthusiastic but it's kind of hard with all the things flowing through my head at the speed of light. But I came out of my trance of thought when my phone rang and I looked at it and saw the name Sabrina pop up and picked it up instantly. "Hey Elizabeth, can you come over here I think I found something that you might have of interest," said Sabrina over the phone. "Sure I'll be there in five," I said and hanging up the phone and looking towards Audrey. "Don't worry Elizabeth I'll watch the kids while you see Sabrina," said Audrey insisting before I could even say anything. "Thanks, Audrey bye," I said hugging her and then kissing my children bye and then walking out the door and walked down the path walking pass Audrey's house and finally getting to Leah and Sabrina's house. "Hey Elizabeth," said Sabrina opening the door for me with a big smile on her face. I looked around the house a bit seeing all the house renovations Leah and Esme have put in and then Sabrina leaded me to her newly renovated office. The same