Eleven-year-old Remus Lupin was eating breakfast with his mother and father when someone knocked on the door. Lyall Lupin glanced at his wife, who shrugged, just as confused as he. It was only 7:30 a.m., a bit early for door-to-door salesmen, the only unexpected visitors to the Lupin home. Still, ever polite, Hope stood up and opened the door. "Good afternoon," a pleasant sounding voice said. "My name is Albus Dumbledore. May I come in?" Then a strange thing happened. Remus watched as his father's face drained of all color, and the wizard jumped up and slammed the door in the stranger's face. "Lyall!" His mother gasped, scandalized at such treatment of a guest. "Hide Remus," Lyall said urgently. "There's no time to explain." "Huh?" Remus said, dropping his porridge spoon. For some reason, his mother followed the direction without question, whisking Remus away from the table and rushing him into the bathroom. "In the linen cabinet dear, hurry," his mother whispered urgently. "What's going on?" Remus demanded. He was a polite and soft-spoken child, but this was just madness. "Please love, just be quiet now," his mother begged. Despite his confusion, Remus recognized the fear in her eyes and fell silent "HOPE!" Lyall's voice called urgently from the kitchen. "There's no need for such panic," Remus heard the stranger's voice carry into the bathroom, where his mother was still trying to shove him into the linen cabinet. It was no use – Remus was far too big. From the sound of footsteps, it sounded as though the stranger had somehow made his way into the house. "Please, leave us," Lyall was saying, sounding desperate. "Dear man, I do understand your concern, but you misunderstand why I'm here," the man called Dumbledore said. "If you would just let me explain…" "Please just leave us in peace!" Remus was tense. He'd never heard such panic in his father's voice, not since that night… "But then I'd be unable to deliver my message, and it's one you'll want to hear, I assure you." "My wand, Hope, where is my wand?" Lyall shouted frantically. "Really, just let me see your son, I assure you I mean him no harm. But do you really suppose you can get the better of me if it comes to a duel? Clearly you're aware of who I am." "Why would you mean my son harm?" Lyall asked defensively. Remus heard footsteps coming down the hall. His mother, realizing the linen cabinet was a failure, was squeezing him into her, as if trying to protect him with her body. Remus went cold. He knew what wizards thought of werewolves. He knew about the registry and he'd heard about vigilantes who took it upon themselves to target werewolves at their most vulnerable and exterminate them. Is that was this man was? The bathroom door opened, and the stranger, who sported a long white beard and spectacles, kneeled down to Remus' level. His mother squeezed him tightly but it was no use – it was clear this man was a wizard and his Muggle mother could not protect him. "Hello Remus," the man said softly. "Do you know who I am?" "No," Remus responded, his voice barely a whisper. He tried to look around the man for his father, but he could not see him. The man just smiled. "My name is Albus Dumbledore, and I'm the headmaster at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. And I'm here because I'd very much like for you to attend next year, though judging from your parents' reaction I may have to do some persuading." "Remus cannot attend Hogwarts," his father appeared as if out of nowhere. "He's too sickly." "On the contrary, as I understand it, your son's condition is only a problem once a month," Dumbledore said firmly. His mother gasped. "How do you – who are you?!" The man just smiled again. "As I said, I'm the headmaster at Hogwarts," he told her. Hope looked at her husband for confirmation. "I have heard the unfortunate circumstances that fell upon your son," Dumbledore said. "And I am here, not to reveal this secret or do you harm, but to offer your son a place at our school." Lyall eyed Dumbledore suspiciously. "What circumstances are you referring to?" Dumbledore chuckled. "The fact that your son had an unfortunate run-in with a transformed werewolf as a child." Remus felt his mother squeeze him again, and he felt a jolt of fear run through him. His fears had been correct. This man knew his secret. The secret his parents had so painstakingly tried to hide. The one that left them with little money, moving from place to place as to avoid strange questions and unwanted discoveries. "But then you know that I'm a werewolf," Remus said to the man called Dumbledore. "I can't go to school with normal children." The man just smiled back at him. "It's true, you are a werewolf," he said calmly. "But isn't it also true that you're a wizard?" The boy was unsure of how to respond to this and looked to his father, who was staring at the back of Dumbledore's head with a peculiar dreamy expression on his face. "You're serious?" His mother whispered. "You can really give him a place at school?" Dumbledore turned to the woman and nodded. "I am entirely serious, Mrs. Lupin. I believe your son deserves an education, just like any other child in the magical world." Is that really true? Remus wondered. Once a month, he became a terrible monster. Once a month, he howled and slobbered like an animal and ripped himself apart, just as he would rip everyone else apart if ever given the chance in that form. He did not want to hurt anyone else. "Wouldn't it be nice," Dumbledore said gently, "to stay in one place for a while?" He addressed the question not just to Remus but to his parents as well. It would be nice, quite nice. The Lupins hadn't stayed in one place for more than a year ever since the attack. Lyall was shaking his head. "But his condition…" "Is something I can make arrangements for," Dumbledore finished for him. "Mr. Lupin, I understand you're only trying to protect your son. But I assure you I'm more than capable of handling his accommodations." "How did you find out?" Lyall whispered. At this, Dumbledore lost the smile on his face. "I cannot go into great detail on that," he said. "But to summarize, in these dark times I am doing what I can do protect our way of life. Sometimes that includes associating with certain types of people, and placing spies among the darkest corners of our wizarding world. One such spy happens to have spent some time with a man named Fenrir Greyback." "Owww," Remus' mother had dug her nails into his arm at the sound of the name. "Who is Fenrir Greyback?" He asked, rubbing his arm. But the adults all ignored him. His father clearly understood Dumbledore's explanation, although Remus certainly did not. Remus filed the name away, to look into at a later time. "So you'll really give Remus a spot at Hogwarts?" Lyall asked, sounding as if he couldn't believe it. "Yes, if of course, that is what he wants," Dumbledore turned back to Remus, the smile once again on his face. "What do you think, Remus?" The boy hesitated. "Are you sure I won't be able to hurt anyone?" He asked. He did very much want to learn magic. His father had promised to take him for a wand and teach him all he could, but that certainly wouldn't compare to an established education at a well-known institution. However, he could not bear the idea that his presence might put others in danger. He wasn't worth that. "Entirely sure," Dumbledore said. "Now, why don't we discuss this in a more comfortable setting, perhaps somewhere other than the loo?" / "MUM!" Peter Pettigrew squealed excitedly. "The letter came! The letter came!" "Of course it did, dear," his mother said fondly. "Did you expect anything else?" The rotund little boy had privately nursed concerns for the last few months that he wouldn't be accepted - despite his mother's constant assurances that he had displayed some magical ability as a child and everyone was welcome at Hogwarts. "Does this mean I can get a wand? And a cauldron?" He was beside himself with excitement. Hogwarts would be a fresh start from their life in the little Muggle village in the hills. It was a quaint enough place, and he loved his mother dearly, but the Muggle boys thought him a bit strange and the Muggle girls thought him rather gross - though his mother constantly assured him that that was the way all children viewed the opposite gender until around 13 or so. He longed for real friends - the kind that laughed and pulled pranks together - a gang that were always spotted together, no matter what the place or the time. "We can go day after next," his mother promised him. "A wand of course. And books and new robes. Though I'd hoped perhaps you'd be interested in taking my cauldron? It's been in the family for generations and is still perfectly good." Peter nodded furiously. Once he had a wand, he could begin practicing his spell work. He planned to make up for any deficit in magical ability with sheer hard work, and hopefully he'd be able to hide any shortcomings by practicing before he arrived at school. He was determined to make friends quickly - he didn't want to be the odd man out like he so often found himself. He was a bit nervous about the sorting - his mother had been a Hufflepuff - he figured that sounded nice enough. But secretly he dreamed of being placed in Gryffindor - "where dwell the brave at heart." He doubted he stood much a chance being sorted into the bookish and clever Ravenclaw house, and Slytherin seemed to require a level of ambitious and cunning that he felt was beyond him. But he could learn to be brave and chivalrous - that was the kind of person he so badly wanted to be. And Hogwarts would be the way to become that person. Peter had never known his father - the man had died just before he was born. His mother rarely spoke of him - it was too hard - but there was a picture of the two of them on the mantle over the fireplace. Mildred Pettigrew was just starting to get a big round belly, for she'd been pregnant will Peter when the photograph was taken. She was smiling up at her husband, and occasionally raised a hand to touch his cheek. The man smiled back and when she reached up he took her hand in his and laid it on the side of his face. Sometimes the other hand would sneak down to her belly. They looked so very happy. Peter had only recently discovered the nature of his father's death - he'd uncovered an old copy of the Daily Prophet. Aurors have been called in to investigate after a wizard was murdered by use of the Killing Curse outside his office in Diagon Alley. A Ministry spokesman identified the victim as 31-year-old Paul Pettigrew, who worked for as a liaison between parents of Muggle-born children and the rest of the wizarding world. Pettigrew was found half past six, still wearing his watch and with his wallet in his pocket. Sources close to the investigation say robbery does not appear to be the motive. Other business owners in the area tell us Pettigrew was a friendly man. " Pleasant bloke, always up for a quick firewhiskey at the Leaky Cauldron. Often came in shopping with his clients and their children - wanting to ensure fair business on all sides," said Hebert Huffalump, who