Disclaimer: I do not own The Hunger Games. This is my first ever Hunger Games fic, so please, take it easy on me. Cato lay on the ground, breathing shallowly, wincing with every breath he took. The pain that pulsed through his body was too much to bear. He felt the open wounds on his bloody skin, blistering and searing, torn away from him in chunks. He felt something wet seeping into his clothes from the ground and through the armor he was wearing; he didn't have to look to know that he was drenched in a pool of his own blood. His sword lay on the grass a few feet away from him; it, too, was covered in the muttations' blood, and for a brief moment, he was fairly proud that he was able to damage those beasts, to some extent. His hands clenched into fists, and he let out a tiny groan of pain as something sharp quickly ran from his shoulder down; it was his ruined muscles, retching and begging him not to move anymore due to the extensive damage done by the mutts. He didn't need to see himself to know that he was now nothing more than a bloody hunk of meat, mangled and ruined beyond repair. Every part of him was shredded and ripped, and the physical pain he felt was too much. Cato's lower lip quivered with sadness and intense pain; he shut his eyes tight, and in the corner of his mind, he saw himself, and how he used to be. His heart was still beating - thump-thump, thump-thump - but deep inside, he screamed at it to stop. Just stop fucking beating already... Was it worth it? Was everything he did - all the hours he spent decapitating training dummies, all the nights he went without sleep because he was too busy practicing with his sword, all the necks he snapped, all the lives he took...was it worth it? Was leaving everything behind worth it? His family, his friends, his sister? What about her? If Cato could shake his head, he would've done it. What about her? Cato growled inwardly, an agony he couldn't identify overwhelming his heart. If Cato could chuckle, he would've. How impossibly like you, he told himself bitterly, still trying to harden your heart just for the sake of these stupid Games. The moment he realized this, the feelings he'd been trapping inside him finally came out, tearing at his insides, threatening to rip him apart just like the mutts. Tears filled his eyes and spilled out, and he let out a hiss of pain as the salt came in contact with his wounds. In the darkness beneath his lids, he could just picture the exact features that would've made his ruined heart pound, his bleeding lips go dry, and his tired hands sweat. He saw the beautiful, violet-blue eyes that sparkled like the sun reflecting in the sea, huge and round as they looked up at him. He saw that smile - dammit, that smile - that made his heart melt, usually resulting to him being pinned down in less than a second during their sparring sessions. Alix... He knew he made a mistake when he chose to leave her. She was his every hope, his every dream, and the answer to all his prayers. Cato let out something between a groan of pain and a chuckle, and dim memories flooded his mind. Many people knew that Cato was not the sentimental type; to him, what's past is past, so just forget the hell about it. But now...it didn't matter to him. He couldn't smirk, but he wanted to so badly as he thought of the irony of it. Memories wouldn't do him much good now that he was in pain and dying, but that was it. He was dying. He could feel it; his vision dimming, despite the effort he had to keep them open, his extremes going numb that no matter how hard he tried, his brain could no longer function... And yet, that single part of his brain, that single damn part, the one that held all those memories, all those happy times, it seemed to be pushing itself so hard to show him what his life was like. Cato never believed in cheesy, poetic-like stuff, stuff you would probably read in books, but this was literally his life flashing before his eyes. He saw himself at five, and he remembered the awe that welled up inside him as he looked up at the Academy doors for the first time. His father stood with him, hand planted firmly on his son's shoulder as he said, "This is the Academy. This is where you will train for the Hunger Games, and learn how to use your abilities to bring honor to District 2. This is where you will hone your abilities, Cato." He remembered his father getting down on his knees so he was level with him, and how firm and strong his father's grip was on his shoulders as he told him, "I'm counting on you, Cato. Make us proud, son." He remembered the first day of his training, and how excited he was for it. He wasn't able to get much sleep the day before, and his mother would continually try to put him to sleep. He remembered how he'd forgotten to eat breakfast, and how he was practically bursting with joy, so eager to make it through the doors of the Academy. He remembered how he leaned against the glass doors of the Weapons Room as one of the Peacekeepers took his class on a tour around the Academy, wondering what it would feel like to hold one of those swords. And then, he remembered the little girl that stood next to him. Her eyes so wide, violet-blue even in the dim light, her dark, dark hair tied into two braids...she wasn't that special, but there was something so innocent about her that Cato found weird. They were both still little kids, but he didn't think he'd find a little girl seem as entranced by the weaponry as he was. He remembered how she smiled at him, so sweet and sincere, that the weirdness he felt went away, and Cato instead felt like he could trust her immediately. "Hi," she had said, holding her hand out to him in a polite gesture older than Panem. "I'm Alix." It was the first time someone did that to him, which he found strange, but there was something about her he instantly liked. He knew he found a friend the moment he took her hand and said, "My name's Cato." That was the day he first met her. He saw himself at eight, when he failed in the yearly examinations. He remembered how angry his father was, and how he cried because of the things his father had said. He remembered being curled up in a corner of the room, his father yelling at him, and Cato could see the vein in his father's forehead pulsing because of anger. "I told you to try your best!" his father said, a club in his hand, ready to give Cato a beating. "How do you expect to bring honor to our District, to our family, if even now you fail to show your trainers that you deserve to win the Hunger Games?" His mother had tried to pacify his father, and it worked, to some extent. His father's anger hadn't dissipated easily, though, because it was months before his father stopped muttering things like, "My own son, a weak runt" and "What a disappointment to the family". He remembered how angry he became because of that, and he spent his training days focused only on being the best. He had only broken down once because of her, and her constant prodding that there was something wrong. He was practicing his punches, something that was compulsory for the younger students, when the bell had rung fifteen minutes earlier for lunch. All the other kids had left the training center, but he refused to leave. Only Alix stayed with him, her eyes watching him as he angrily punched the air, breathing deeply to measure his timing, when she finally said, "Cato, there's something wrong." "There's nothing wrong," Cato said, his eyes hunched together as he continued throwing punches. "You don't always practice as hard as this," she pointed out, pulling one of her dark braids. "So?" Cato snapped, performing an awesome throw technique. She was silent, and that was what made him uneasy. He hated it when she was silent, because it only meant she was keeping something from him. He stopped punching, and turned to face her. Her lips were pursed together, her violet-blue eyes sparkling as she looked at him. They stared at each other, Cato panting slightly because of the exercise. Finally, her lips opened and the words tumbled out of her mouth. "Did something happen at home, Cato?" Cato stiffened slightly, his bright blue eyes becoming hard. He turned away from her, went to the far corner of the room, grabbed a dummy and began punching again. "Go away, Alix. You're being such a distraction," he snapped at her, hoping that if he hurt her feelings enough she'd leave him alone. "Cato, you know you can tell me anything," she said matter-of-factly, crossing her arms as she leaned against the glass in front of him. Cato stopped punching again, and looked at her irritably. "You wouldn't understand." She sighed, pulling her braid again. "Just because you failed last year, doesn't mean you should wear yourself out like this. You're not old enough like all the other kids yet, Cato. You're gonna get yourself sick." "I don't care, okay?" Cato told her, sending one punch toward the dummy due to his frustration. It fell down because of the impact, and the thud echoed in the room. Both of them were silent, but Cato could already feel the anger and frustration bubbling inside him, and it was too much he wanted to cry. He only realized that he already started when she came up to him, wrapping her arms around him and began whispering "It's okay, it's okay." Cato remembered how ungrateful he was to that gesture, that instead of hugging her back like any other normal person would've, he pushed her away. He saw her fall to the ground, he heard her cry of pain, but that was not enough to make Cato sorry. He wiped away the tears on his cheeks, turned and ran away from her, trying so hard to escape his feelings. Cato snapped back into his senses as he tasted the blood gurgling in his mouth as he tried to choke back the pain. She was perfect... so nice, so thoughtful, that even after he hurt her, she still went and approached him the next day, as if nothing happened. She still talked to him, sparred with him, ate lunch with him as if the incident in the training room was just another part of a dream. He remembered, though, the hurt that held in her eyes, and he couldn't help but feel guilty. He remembered them at eleven, when during one of their training sessions, a group of older boys ganged up and began beating Alix. They were eleven then, but it had been years since that first day at the Academy, when he was just some little, five-year-old kid. He was taller, and bigger for his age, and he could easily beat those boys up. The trainers didn't notice it happening, because it was one of those days when classes sparred together, and they all thought that it was just another sparring group of kids. Cato had seen Alix spar; she was fast, efficient and strong, but it was not enough to overthrow three thirteen-year-old boys who were obviously bigger, stronger and more well-trained. He had come to her