Disclaimer: I do not own The Hunger Games. "...but grief is the ultimate unrequited love, for no matter how hard or how long we love someone who has died, they can never love us back." - Rosamund Lupton Sunlight was peeking through the window, and birds were chirping brightly, prodding her to get up. Her alarm clock rang thirty minutes earlier, yet she still lay lazily on her bed, hiding underneath the covers. It was a Saturday, the perfect day for an eighteen-year-old to sleep in and skip training. After much deliberation, she gave a groggy yawn, and threw the covers off. She turned to her side and slowly opened her eyes, glimpsing at the bed beside her. She sighed. Of course, it would be empty. It always was. She sat up, stretching her muscles, hearing her bones crack slightly. Her eyes lingered on his bed, untidy and messy. It was his habit of never fixing the bed he slept on, not even his blankets, which were all bundled up at the foot of his bed. As always, she got up and fixed both, plumping up the pillows and spreading the sheets over the mattresses. She was supposed to head for the shower when something hit her toe. Looking down, she saw it was his sheath. He always left that thing lying around, especially when he was out training. Sighing with exasperation, she bent down and propped it up by his miraculously neat side of the desk. Well, the only reason it was neat was because it barely had anything in or on it; just a couple of picture frames of him and his family. His certificates and one trophy - nabbed for being first place in their wrestling competition a few years back - were displayed on their shared shelf, so apart from the photos, his credentials, and a box of his personal things, it was virtually empty. "Gone again!" she said to herself, shaking her head as she stepped into their tiny bathroom. This, apart from the desk, was the only place she could say was neat and tidy, because she always made sure it was. She hated messy bathrooms. She hung her towel on the rack and pulled off the hairband that held her dark hair up and away from her face. She stepped into the shower, letting the warm water run through her hair and down her body. She loved the water; it was nice and warm, and it smelled clean, very different from District 2 itself. District 2 was not dirty or polluted like the things she heard about Districts like District 8 or 12. It has that air of mining, definitely, but it was also fresh. Probably it had something to do with the fact that the villages of District 2 were widespread throughout the mountains, not hard-packed like District 12. She reached out for the soap dish to find that it was empty; she cursed and made a mental note to remind the custodian that they were out of body soap so he could deliver another boxful. After she cleaned herself up, she dried her hair with the towel, pulled her hairband around her wrist for later, threw on sweatpants, a light blue cotton shirt and her training jacket. She slipped on her training boots, grabbed her sword and his empty sheath and headed for the Weapons Room, where she knew he would be. After quite a while of walking, she made it to the room. Its doors were large and made of bulletproof glass, so you could just peek to see who was inside. She pushed the door open. It wasn't surprising that there was no one inside the room; it being a Saturday, most kids chose to procrastinate and rest their sore muscles. But definitely not him. A grin grew on her face as she caught sight of him in the middle of the room. Already there were piles of decapitated and de-limbed dummies strewn on the floor around him. He was focusing on the current dummy, whose arms, torso and chest area were covered in slash marks. He was here a long time; you could tell just by looking at him. The heave of his chest indicated his panting, the sweat that glistened off his shirtless body... She shook her head. His bright blue eyes did not even flicker toward her as she strode over, nor did he acknowledge her presence. His eyebrows were pressed in concentration while his large muscles flexed with every slash of his sword into the dummy. Beads of sweat dropped off the ends of his blond hair as he hacked away mercilessly. Finally, she spoke. "Cato." He sighed, running his sword through the dummy again. "Hello, Alix." Silence. "It's a Saturday, you know," she told him, flipping her hair way from her face. He didn't look at her, but he said, "I know." She crossed her arms. "Did you even have breakfast?" He stabbed the sword deep into the heart of the dummy. "I don't need breakfast." "Yes you do," she told him. "I know you. You're cranky on an empty stomach." "I'm not," he said defensively, looking at her for the first time today. "That's what you think," she retorted. "Quit the training for a while. I'm starving and I'm not eating without you. C'mon, let's go, we can practice later." He shook his head. In a swift movement, he cut off the arm of the dummy. "You go. I'm not hungry." She gave a stubborn huff, and before he could split open the dummy's head, she rounded about and kicked his sword out of his hand, disarming him, the sword making a loud clatter as it fell the ground. Cato gave her a hard, angry look, his jaw tightening as he went to retrieve his sword, but Alix slid forward, grabbing it before he could pick it up. He growled slightly, and Alix felt her feet slip out from under her, and she let out a yelp as Cato heaved her onto his shoulder like a rag doll. "Give me the sword," he said. "No can do, Cato," she said teasingly, letting out an 'oof' and smacking his back when he jumped. "Put me down, you idiot, your sweat is seeping into my shirt and it's disgusting!" She heard him grit his teeth. "Ugh, why do have to be so stubborn?" "Because apparently you think it's better to starve yourself to death," she said, trying to support herself enough so she could wriggle out of his hands, but Cato only grabbed onto her legs tighter, and she wrapped her arm around his head, blocking off his sight. "Ever thought your muscles need protein to grow stronger, Cato? And where can we find protein? Oh, yeah, food ." Cato sighed with exasperation, trying to pry off her arm, to no avail. He shook his head, and she felt his hands slacken, allowing her to slip off of him. "Ugh," she groaned, pulling the hem of her shirt and looking at the gigantic wet spot in the middle. "Look at what you did! This was a fresh shirt!" "You annoy me like crazy, you know that?" Cato grumbled, running his hand through his hair, sending beads of sweat flying. "That's what best friends do," she shrugged, giving him a weak grin and hiding his sword behind her back. "Now go take a shower." "Yes, mother," he said mockingly, then he laughed when she punched his shoulder. "Ugh!" she groaned, wiping her knuckles on her pants. "Why are you so wet?" He laughed again and picked up his shirt from the floor. "You know how wrong that sounds, right?" He said, cocking an eyebrow and smirking playfully at her. She stuck her tongue out at him, giving him a scathing look, and slipped the sword back into its empty sheath. She followed him when he strode towards the shower room and waited outside for him to finish, watching as three trainers took away the dummies Cato destroyed. They all had a look of both awe at Cato's abilities, and annoyance that he ruined another week's worth of dummies again. That was Cato for you. Ever since she could remember, Cato had already demonstrated a fierce liking for violence, and although violence was highly credited in the Academy, it credited less than a pooping monkey for Alix. But, again, that was Cato. It was a part of him, and Alix knew that, dealt with that. She'd rather kiss the pooping monkey than reject Cato for all he is. She liked the whole package, and she'd paid that price several times over, without any regrets. Which is why they were best friends. Technically, they grew up together. The first time they met was when they were five, on the first day of training. They hardly noticed each other, as they were more intent on the introductions to the various training rooms and weapons, as well as the new lives they would be forming for themselves once they began schooling. All the kids in their class were in awe and eager for their training, but Cato was special. He wasn't just in awe...he was enthused. His blue eyes shone with excitement and names of weapons rolled off his tongue with reverence, his little face expressing his delight. Cato was unique, and one-of-kind. He proved that when every time the trainer asked questions throughout the tour, Cato's hand would shoot up over everyone else's, and he'd answer every question correctly. He was earning admirers from his class, and of course, was the subject of childhood envy at that moment, for his enthusiasm and intelligence. It was these things that caught Alix's attention, her own eyes narrowing at him for what he was doing. At the time, she wondered how much of a show off he would turn out to be - and while she was right by thinking he'd be an arrogant prick - there was something about the verve he displayed that instantly drew her towards him. So she tried to get his attention. She walked near him during the tour; when the trainer asked more questions, she raised her hand too, even though she wasn't called, and even if she didn't know the answers, trying to contend with Cato's small glory. It soon became apparent to Cato that this girl was copying him, and it annoyed him greatly. When she finally got called on instead of him and she gave a correct answer, he felt a small bout of irritation towards her. He gave her a dirty look, but was perplexed when she returned it with a beaming smile. The day was almost over, however, and neither of them made any move to introduce themselves. So she did the last thing she could do: she decided to say hi. Her chance appeared when they neared the Weapons Room, the last station before the end of the tour. He was the first to reach it, clearly mesmerized by the shiny blades and various weapons. The class gave little 'oohs' and 'aahs', but only Cato leaned against the glass, wanting more than anything to have that barrier between him and the weapons broken. Slowly, she approached him, and carefully positioned herself next to him, admiring the weapons as well. After a little while, she cleared her throat and said, her tone very matter-of-fact, "You seem so interested to be here." Cato stiffened when she spoke, because he still felt like she was an irksome fly buzzing in his ear. But when he turned to look at her, her smile was so dazzling that the only thing he could do was stare. He wanted to give her a snooty remark, but found that it had stuck in his throat. He was looking at her strangely, so she did the first thing that popped into her head and stuck her hand out, remembering what her grandmother told her about manners when introducing