Disclaimer: I do not own the Hunger Games, or the lyrics used in the story. "Looking at it now, last December we were built to fall apart, then fall back together Your necklace hanging from my neck, the night we couldn't quite forget When we decided to push the furniture so we could dance Baby, like we stood a chance, two paper airplanes flying, flying, flying And I remember thinking Are we out of the woods yet?" Charles skidded to a stop, puffing and panting, running the back of his hand over his brow to wipe the beads of sweat forming above it. "I can't believe this fucking happened!" Jax snarled angrily, a painful red burn across his forearm glinting with sweat. He proceeded to utter streams of curses, pointing and shouting at the sky, and Charles was certain that the Gamemakers would decide to edit out whatever scene Jax was causing. He'd never seen a lower District so hot-tempered and angry, and Charles was very irritated that Jax was part of the Career pack in the first place. Still, there was no denying Jax's skill at hunting, so Charles tried his best to tolerate him. Ruby came in close behind Charles, ramming into his back and losing her balance, falling on her bottom, the last of her weapons clattering down on the rocky plain they now called camp. She was breathing heavily, running a dust hand through her blonde locks, the pink tips her Capitol stylists gave her already burned off and barely noticeable. Charles bent down to pick up her weapons; normally Ruby would have resisted, but she was too tired from running and was trying to catch her breath. "Did we salvage anything?" Charles called out over Jax's swearing. Two more of the Career tributes climbed up on their small edge of rock that protruded from the rest of the jagged mountain, and Ruby got up to hold her hand out and help the others. "Can we do a headcount to see how many we lost?" "We lost half our number, Charlie," Ruby snapped, her blue eyes glaring dangerously at him. "There's no point doing a stupid headcount, since it's obvious to see how many died after that stupid volcano eruption." "I am just saying," Charles said evenly, looking irritably at her, before turning to the rest. "What were you able to get a hold of?" A small, nimble girl with brown hair said in an exhausted tone, "I got my trident, and this backpack I clearly remember was all our first aid supplies. Cleo got most of the food." "And almost got cooked in the process," Cleo said harshly, throwing the pack at Charles' feet. "There. I don't know what I got since I was stuffing what I could before my boot got singed." Charles didn't say anything anymore, and just picked up the packs and the weapons, stocking them in piles and taking inventory of what was left. The three girls were not talking, Ruby's eyes trained on Charles' moving figure, and even Jax finally quieted down after a while, joining the girls on the ground. Several cannons echoed in the distance, and after the last one, silence. "Twelve," Cleo said, breaking the weary tension. She was picking at the dirt under her nails, and she looked at Charles, who meanwhile was still standing, his arms crossed. It was a beautiful sight to watch, the golden, molten lava flowing down the side of what they thought was an ice capped mountain. It was clearly sunset, and the whole world seemed to glow orange and pink, the color of the sky contrasting with the color of the lava, and they knew that the dead tributes would be flashed in the sky in a mere few hours. Despite such a hopeful, majestic scene spread out before him, Charles couldn't bring himself to appreciate it. In just a snap, the camp they considered safe had been compromised, most of their food resources gone, and even some of their more powerful companions too. Twelve dead, almost half that number his Career mates, strong, harsh, brutish people whose heavy feet were too slow to keep up... "We'll see who else has died come nightfall," Cleo said in a quiet voice, even though no one was bothering to answer and it seemed as though no one was listening. The five Careers sat in silence, watching as the grassy meadow below them burned and caught fire, just like the tributes that probably died along with it. They sat, not speaking, even Ruby and Cleo, who normally kept chattering so much it was annoying. Charles didn't say anything, even as Ruby clung onto his arm and rested her head on his shoulder. The sun sank behind the woods that remained untouched by the scorching molten rock, and as the artificial, Capitol-generated stars began to twinkle in the sky, the anthem finally began to play. The first person to appear in the sky was Ruby's male District partner, Ace, followed by the other District 1 female, Rayla; next was Charles and Cleo's male District partner, Wilcox. Next was the last District 3 male, then their fellow District 4 Career Florence, both of the remaining District 6 tributes, the last District 9 male, both District 10 females, and the two females from District 11 and 12. The small, frail looking District 12 girl was still etched into the back of their eyelids even as the light disappeared, and Cleo sighed. "Wow," Jax suddenly spoke up, his voice mocking and his words coming out like a snappy grunt. "I can't believe it. Maysilee and Haymitch are still alive." "Are they your District partners?" the brown-haired girl asked him in a soft, questioning voice, examining the ends of Ruby's hair and picking away at the singed ones. Jax grunted again in assent. "I thought Maysilee would die the first day," he said indifferently. "And I would have wanted Haymitch dead the same way." "I understand that they're fellow tributes and they need to die," Cleo cocked an eyebrow at him, "but I don't understand where your anger stems from." Jax gave her a knowing smirk, his eyes sparkling darkly in the evening light. "That's between me and them. There's nothing you need to know about." "Jeez, what a schmuck you are," the brown-haired girl teased, placing her hands on her hips and tossing her hair behind her shoulder. "Shut up, Nori," Jax bit back, his hands clenching into fists, but everyone knew Jax had no intention of laying even a finger on the slight, breezy girl. No matter how tough and brusque Jax was, he was still very dependent on the others when it came to killing, and had zero deaths to his name. His only appeal was his strength and power, and that's what kept him alive despite Charles' dislike. "Who's going to keep first watch?" Cleo said, interrupting the banter between the two, not bothering to hide her yawn. She got up, dusting the back of her pants, making her way towards a pack, pulling out a thin sheet of insulated fabric. "I've had enough drama for one day, so I'm going to hit the hay." "I'll do it," Charles answered, his jaw tightening as he looked over his back at Cleo. He did not leave his post at the edge of the turf, his back still turned to the rest of his companions, his whole body still tense from the action, like he was about to break off into a run at any given second. No amount of soothing on Ruby's part calmed Charles down; in fact, it made him more agitated. "It's not like I can get any sleep anyway." "You're such a wuss," Jax said snarkily, getting up to slap Charles against the shoulder, ignoring Ruby's glare. He dropped down near the supplies, crossing his arms and resting his back against a large rock protrusion, hiding Cleo's figure from sight as she curled up into a ball in between Jax and their remaining resources. "Whenever someone gets killed, you put on this stupid mask of mercy, like you're going to spend the whole evening praying for their souls. I wouldn't be surprised if you did." "There is nothing wrong with showing a little bit of humanity," Charles bit back, propping up his legs and resting his arms on his knees. "At least I make it a good show, not like you. You're all bark and no bite." Jax glared at Charles murderously, like he was going to jump at him and strangle him, but instead Jax muttered, "Come on, Nori." Nori's hands were folded together patiently, but when Jax addressed her, her bright green eyes narrowed and she regarded him with a frown. "For someone from District Twelve, you sure have a lot of anger issues." "Don't typecast me into what the rest of my District is," Jax cocked an eyebrow, closing his eyes only when Nori stood up and pulled one of the backpacks to use as a pillow, positioning herself at Cleo and Jax's feet. "You should sleep too," Charles said in a softer, gentler tone to Ruby, who was still sitting with him, her eyes running over his profile as he looked out at the darkness before them. "And leave you all alone on the watch?" Ruby said, keeping her voice quiet, her eyes casting down to the ground and her cheeks turning pink. Her slim, nimble fingers closed around his wrist comfortingly. "I'll stay up with you." "I don't want you to," Charles said, pulling his wrist out of her grasp, his hand shooting up to hold the small golden ball on a long chain around his neck. He rubbed it absentmindedly, staring into the distance, but Ruby looked at the pendant with apprehension in her eyes. Charles sighed, finally looking at Ruby, and Ruby averted her gaze from the pendant to his warm, chocolate brown eyes. "Go to sleep with the rest of them." Ruby bit down on her lower lip hesitantly, before finally, she reached up to press a kiss on his hard, unrelenting mouth, and when she sensed the hostility coming from him after that gesture, she stood up to join the other sleeping Careers, leaving Charles alone. Charles kept his eyes trained on the blackness, his tough fingers closing around the small pendant that he kept close to his beating heart. He pressed at a latch on the side, and the ball popped open, revealing a tiny, austere bracelet that could belong to a young girl. He pulled out the bracelet and held it in his palm, closing his hand around it. He knew that playing with Ruby was a good show to put on, and from day one the people at the Capitol loved their flirtations, so he decided it would be a good strategy to keep up with it, even with the thought of hurting someone looming over him. Cora. The name itself was enough to depress him. He hadn't known her for very long, but for how long he'd known her he knew how much she impressed herself into his mind. Sweet, frail Cora, so fragile she cried at the smallest, most heartfelt thing, and yet strong enough to have killed a Career, to have outlasted even his brutal, violent older brother two Games before this one. He could still remember the day of her Victory Tour to District 2, where everyone resented her for besting two of the best, most well-trained fighters they had. Even Charles' own family hated her weakness, hated how it was she who won instead of their oldest child, Charles' older brother. She was so scared, poor thing, as she spoke in front of such a hostile crowd, all of them much bigger and stronger than her. Any one of them could snap her neck in a trice, even him. But what struck him most about her was her resilience. Despite the fact that she could