Meet Me in the Middle Stephanie Meyer owns Twilight, no copyright infringement intended. "Can you pass the ketchup?" Charlie reached up and picked up the bottle, shaking it. "Might want to ask for another one, this one's almost gone." "It's ok, I don't need that much," I took it and squirted that last bit of contents out onto my plate. Charlie laughed a little, "got a little bit on your shirt." I looked down at my shirt which held a small red stain. Great . I pulled a napkin up and started wiping at the spot. "How did the interview go today?" Charlie cleared his throat. "Well, you know how it is. Gotta wait for them to call back. I'm not the only one who applied for the job Bells. But I think I got a good chance." "hmm," I said taking a sip of my water. "Hmm what?" "I was just thinking, you know with the way things are, maybe I could get a fulltime job, instead of a part-time one. It will help out a little with the bills." "No, no and no. Bella you're going to college and that's that. I don't care if I have to sell everything I own, you are going to college." "Charlie,-dad, we both know mom's not coming back. And we already are having trouble making ends meet as they are. I don't want to add a University to that." "I said you're going to college. Your old man doesn't lie. So drop it, and let's have a good lunch." I looked down at my half eaten burger a little frustrated. Charlie was never good at accepting reality, he called it being positive. I called it fantasy. "I just think, maybe it could be a possibility," I mumbled under my breath. Charlie sighed, "Look, Bella, I talked with your mom. She said she would be willing to help. So with my money, and hers, we will find a way. And if I get this job, we will be able to catch up on some of the bills, do some more food shopping, and put the rest aside for your college." "But you are not sure you got it. Charlie let me help. I don't mind. I'll finish up my general education at the community college, and then get a job. I don't mind." "Well I do. I do. Now, let's just," he sighed, "let's just finish dinner." He took a huge bite of his burger and then stuffed a few fried in his mouth. "By the way," he mumbled, "happy birthday Bella. 20 years old." I smiled, "thanks dad." He lifted a box from underneath the table and handed it to me with a smirk. I smiled a little. Money was so tight right now. "I thought we said no gifts." Charlie waved his hand, "nah, come on Bells open it. It's your birthday, come on." I laughed a little as I unwrapped the gift and opened the box. "A phone?" Wow. A really nice phone. I looked a Charlie with a guilty look. "Now, I know what you're thinking. But I took care of all the charges. Besides yours looks like crap. No offense. And, well, you know, I was thinking, you know, when you transfer and go away to that university, it will be a good way to stay in touch with your old man." "Come on, you still got a few good years left," I said jokingly. "Yep," he laughed, "this old dog is still going strong." "Thank you dad." I knew the phone must have cost more than we could spend. I didn't want to ask where he got the money. It seemed almost selfish of me to accept the gift knowing we were behind on rent on our small two bedroom apartment. "Hey, you're my little girl. You're all I have left. And I'm proud of you. Smart kid, must have got it from your mother's side. Now don't you go worrying about how much the phone cost. I took care of it. I picked up a little job as a janitor at a law firm. I was told by one of my old pals a job had opened up so I applied. I was going to tell you, but I wanted to wait a little. I was hoping to get the other job by now." "Why didn't you tell me sooner?" "Cause Bella, you're still a kid. I mean lady," he held up his hands. "And I don't want you worrying about the bills, about the rent, food. I want you to still be young and enjoy being, you know, young. And I know it's been a year since you graduated high school, but you're still my kid. It's a parent thing. You know you want the best for you kids. To provide for them. I don't want life to hit you so soon, you're still growing up and I want you to have this time." I struggled not to say that I had grown up ever since mom left. I looked at my watch. "I got to go work." I stood up and kissed Charlie on the side of his cheek. "Hey, wait, what about your cake? You got to have your cake." "I'm sorry dad," I said picking up my jacket and purse, "but I really have to go. This was nice though. I love my present. And I love you, but I really got to go." "Alright," he said with a sigh, "don't go growing up too fast." I gave him a half smile and placed another kiss on his cheek as I made my way out. I jumped into my truck and zoomed over to the quickie-market. I was already late. I hadn't even realized the time. Shit . I hoped my boss wasn't in today. I quickly pulled into a parking space and sprinted into the store. I immediately went to the back to grab my ugly green apron that said welcome with a smiley face on it. The exact opposite of how I always felt. I walked out from the back still tying the strings behind my back. "Late again Bella." My jerk of boss Lenard, who I swear got off on irritating the shit out of me knowing I couldn't do anything about it. He and I both knew I needed this job. "I'm sorry. It was a mistake." "Always a mistake with you. You know I'm starting to think, the mistake is you. I have given you leeway. I know your dad is having a rough time so I've been nice to you." He had no right to talk about Charlie. It's none of his business. But again, I had to swallow my pride and kiss up to the jackass. "I know. And I'm so grateful. Please, it won't happen again." Seriously? Just piss the fuck off already. "One more chance. And you know I have tons of others who would appreciate this job." Oh yes I'm sure. I'm sure tons of girls want to wear a freaking happy face all day while you eye hump them from behind. "I'm sorry Sir. I'll make sure it doesn't happen again." His eyes drifted down my body. Sick bastard. "See that you do. Now get to work. We got customers and we are short on staff today. Apparently there is a flu going around. Start with the restacking of the shelves. We just got the new shipments yesterday." "Ok Sir." I quickly walked to the back storage room just knowing his eyes were on my ass as I walked away. I picked up closest storage box and opened it. Dried coconut. The store was like a mini market. It sold a little bit of everything. Birthday cards, cooking ingredients, a little bit of hardware supplies, small knickknacks ect. It was a perfect market to live next to. I picked up the box and carried it out to start my work. "Hey Is." "Hi Bobby." Bobby, the over happy suck up. "Need any help?" "Nope, I got it thanks." "Alright, well I'm off for brake." "Have fun," I mumbled. God knows I won't . "Hey, remember we work at the happy store. Smile Bella." I gave him a bored look. "Or not." He laughed. "See ya in a little bit. Try not to have too much fun without me." "Never do," I said putting up the small bags on the shelf. Just when I got a nice rhythm going of putting the price tags on and stacking the bags in nice rows I heard my name being paged to the front to help with check out. I sighed. Seriously? I pushed the box aside and slowly stood up. This is ridiculous. "Excuse me? Can you help me?" I heard a deep voice say from behind me. No! No I cannot. I turned around exasperated but promptly froze when my eyes met a pair of steel blue ones. I must have looked so stupid staring at the well-dressed man like a dear in the headlights. "Excuse me, you do work here right?" "Um, y-yes. Yes I do. B-I-needed at the front. I'm sorry, what I can help you with?" "Do you sell wine?" "Yes," I said brushing a few strands of hair out of my sweaty face. "Just this way." I bushed by him and couldn't help getting a nice whiff of his cologne. Dear god. He smelled amazing. I could hear his shoes tap against the floor as he followed at a safe distance behind me. There was no doubt he was well off, as he was dressed in a smooth silver suit with a black tie. "Here we are, wine," I said pointing to the few we had. "It's a small selection, but across the street there is a-" "This is fine. Thank you." "Ok," I said slowly. No need to cut me off . "Strawberries?" He said looking at me again. "This way," I motioned for him to follow. He grabbed a bottle of wine, and again I listened to the tap of his shoes as he followed me to the fruit section. "Again, I'm sorry we don't really carry much in the way of selections. There is a nice market up the-" "That's all I need. Thank you." Rude much? I struggled not to glare a hole into the side of his perfect face. "I was just going to say that you seem new here, and there are better selections at the Fresh Market right around the corner." So there, I said it anyways! He looked up at me from the strawberries and let his eyes travel up and down my body as if he was sizing me up. I could take him if he was looking for a fight. He seemed to sense my anger and then gave me a quick half grin. "I don't you're your suggestions". Again he glanced down to my chest and smiled again. "Isabella." He said my name in such a demeaning way that I could feel another wave of anger rising in me. What is it with wealthy guys and their feelings of entitlement? Who did he think he was? I narrowed my eyes at him, and pressed my lips together struggling not to give him the finger and say fuck off. "Thank you for your help." He picked up a small container of strawberries and walked pass me making his way to the checkout lines. What an arrogant ass. A good smelling arrogant ass. I turned and walked in no particular direction, not sure of where to go exactly, until I heard my name being paged to the front again. Of course I have to go to the front. This is not my day. I made my way to the front checkout lines and expected to see the arrogant ass but he was nowhere to be seen. Maybe he did a fast check out. I checked out a woman with