Here we go, ladies and Gents, this isn't really my first Rodeo but it's been many-a-years and I'm far better than the crap I used to type, so let's give it a shot. This is going to be an ÉomerxOc story, and will follow the main plotline fairly simply, and will hopefully grow from the bland bits that have sat on my laptop for ages and ages. "If that old wizard manages to get to the shire before me, I'll never hear the end of it!" A young woman snapped, quickly shoving her spare cloak into the bag she turned her attention towards the nearby meadow, a frown on her face. "Milnear!" Slowly a large cream colored stallion turned its attention away from the grass, setting his gaze on the frazzled woman, ears perked forward lightly. Upon another whistle he let out a soft snort, slowly making his way towards the woman as she continued to hurriedly prepare herself for the remaining leg of her small journey. "Oh, I see you're late once again, young Adrianna." The woman mocked, forcing her voice to remain low as she frowned, "And here I thought your youth would allow you to travel much quicker than an old man such as myself." The great stallion snorted loudly, tossing his head as he eyed the woman, who continued to mutter to herself as she moved, this time cursing her stupidity as she rifled through the bag she had just finished packing. To anyone else, a lone woman in the woods would seem quite odd. Her hair was similar to the people of Rohan, though the blond was a much richer gold, the dark roots making it unlike those of the woodland elves she also resembled. Her skin was warm and sun kissed, the light tan smooth despite the occasional scrape that marred the otherwise soft skin. By far the most unusual part of the woman, beyond her choice of dark leather edged pants and tunic, were her duel colored eyes, one eye was a brilliant ocean blue, the rich sapphire color standing out in stark contrast to the neon green of the other. Letting out another snort the stallion drew the woman's attention away from her rant, a small frown pulling at her pale lips she let out a scoff, muttering to herself about the pushiness of some stallions while she rose to her feet, a crimson apple held loosely in her hands. "I don't know what you're so hurried for, it's not like you're the one who's going to stay in the shire." She mutter to herself, offering the fruit to the stallion, who quickly and greedily snapped it from her fingers, foaming at the mouth as he chomped loudly on the treat. Slowly pulling herself towards the side of the stallion she placed her fingers on the creature's back, bending her legs lightly she began to heave herself onto the creature's back, the extra effort required making her regret her decision to leave the saddle behind. " The world is changed. I feel it in the water, I feel it in the earth, I smell it in the air. Much that once was, is lost. For none now live, who remember it. To fulfill your destiny here, you will need to understand this lost knowledge." The woman's gaze narrowed, shifting around the clearing while the stallion tensed beneath her, his ears flickering back and forth as he tried to locate what suddenly had his rider so on-edge. " It began with the forging of the great rings. Three were given to the Elves: Immortal, wises and fairest of all beings. Seven to the Dwarf-Lords: Great miners and craftsmen of the mountain halls. And Nine, nine rings were gifted to the race of Men who, above all else, desire power. For within these rings was bound the strength and will to govern each race. But they were all of them deceived. For another ring was made." Frowning as the world around her began to grow hazy she closed her eyes, allowing the elvish magic to pull her mind to another time long since passed. " In the land of Mordor, in the fires of Mount Doom the Dark Lord Sauron forged, in secret, a Master Ring to control all others. And into this ring, he poured his cruelty, his malice and his will to dominate all life. One ring to rule them all." " One by one, the Free Lands of Middle-earth fell to the power of the Ring. But there were some, who resisted." Images flashed across Adrianna's mind, of an army of men and elves holding their swords erect as they march across the barren black lands of Mordor against a vicious army of black skinned monsters. " A Last Alliance of Men and Elves marched against the armies of Mordor. And on the slopes of Mount Doom, they fought for the freedom of Middle-Earth." The armies collide harshly, Elves firing arrows before they drew their swords, the number of the enemies too great to be halted by the onslaught of projectiles. " Victory was near. But the power of the ring could not be undone." Adrianna's brows pull together as a brown haired elf stares in horror at his human companion, the King of Men raising his sword into the air before his face turned to contained horror at the sight of the tall armored demon that approached him, a gold ring glowing with fiery symbols sitting on his right pointer finger, the hand gripping the hilt of a vicious looking Mace. The creature throws his arm, the weapon knocking multiple men into the air and throwing them hundreds of feet. The King of men was struck as he stood alone, his brown haired son quickly rushing to the fallen man's side with terror and sorrow taking his features as he tries to wake his Sire. " It was in this moment, when all hope had faded, that Isildur, Son of the king, took up his father's sword. The man attempts to pull at the long blade, desperation fueling him as the Dark Lord shattering it as he slams his foot against the blade, pinning most of the shards to the ground before he slowly reached towards Isildur. Quickly the man waves the broken blade, slashing it in his last attempt to block the oncoming hand. The creature lets out a cry as his fingers are cut from his right hand, the ring falling with the fingers to the dirt near Isildur's face. Sauron flew back on his feet, red hot lines cutting through his body before he exploded in a bright light, the blast knocking down the armies of Men and Elves. " Sauron, the enemy of the Free Peoples of Middle-earth, was defeated. The Ring passed to Isildur, who had this one chance to destroy evil forever. But the hearts of men, are easily corrupted. And the Ring of Power has a will of its own." Picked up the ring smoldering finger, Adrianna watches as the vision shows her the man's death, a horde of Orcs rushing the new King as he and his men returned home, the King disappearing as he put the ring on, running from the battle into the river. Then the ring slowly sliding from his finger, moments later the man fell, numerous arrows protruding from his back as he fell into the river, the currents tugging him along slowly. " It betrayed Isildur to his death. And some things that should not have been forgotten were lost. History became legend, legend became myth, and for two and a half thousand years, the ring passed out of all knowledge. Until, when chance came, it ensnared a new bearer." "My precious." The vision fades to black as the voice continues, Adrianna's face still pulled into a look of distaste, a frown pulling at her lips as she scowled. " The Ring came to the creature Gollum who took it deep into the tunnels of the Misty Mountains. And there, it consumed him." The faint incoherent hisses of a man echo around the darkness, the blackness fading away to reveal fish carcasses, a scraggly looking creature stood in a shaft of light, clutching a small object in its oversized hands. "It came to me… My own, my love, my own, my precious." " The ring brought to Gollum unnatural long life. For 500 years it poisoned his mind and in the gloom of Gollum's cave, it waited. Darkness crept back into the forests of the world. Rumor grew of a shadow in the East whispers of a nameless fear. And the Ring of Power perceived its time had now come. It abandoned Gollum. But something happened then, the Ring did not intend." The blackness creeps back in with the faint clinking of a ring as it fell over stone, causing Adrianna's brows to furrow once more. " It was picked up by the most unlikely creature imaginable." "What's this? A ring?" " A hobbit, Bilbo Baggins of the Shire. For the time will soon come, when Hobbits will shape the fortunes of all. Take this new knowledge, and prepare yourself for the trials to come." "Lost! The precious is lost!" 0.0.0 Adria laughed, shaking her head as she stood in Bilbo's home, handing the short hobbit the papers he asked for, helping him clean up the mess of a house he had. "The 22nd day of September in the year 1400, by shire-reckoning. Bag end, Bagshot row, Hobbiton, Westfarthing, The Shire, Middle-earth. The third age of this world." "I will never doubt your abilities with maps, My friend." "No no! Of course not!" the Hobbit chuckles, waving her into the small room with the fireplace and his desk she takes a seat, watching him as he prepared to write his book. " There and Back Again: A hobbit's tale. By Bilbo Baggins…" The hobbit trails off, "Now, Where to start?" Smiling Adria adjust her feet, folding her legs under her seat as the Hobbit is struck by an idea. "Ah yes! Concerning Hobbits. "Hobbits have been living and farming in the four Farthings of the Shire for many hundreds of years, quite content to ignore and be ignored by the world of the Big Folk. Middle-earth being, after all, full of strange creatures beyond count Hobbits must seem of little importance. Neither being renound as Great Warriors, nor counted among the very wise." A knocking draws both attentions towards the door briefly, "Would you like me to…?" "No, nonsense, Frodo! The door if you please!" Turning back around Bilbo smiles, reading aloud once more as he continued writing. "In fact, It has been remarked by some that Hobbits' only real passion is for food. A rather unfair observation as we have also developed a keen interest in the brewing of Ales and the smoking of pipe-weed. But where our hearts truly lie, is in peace, and quiet, and good, tilled earth. For all Hobbits share a love of things that grow. And yes, to others, our ways seem quite Quaint. But today of all days, it is brought home to me: it is no bad thing to celebrate a simple life." Another knock draws their attention once more, causing them to sigh, "Frodo! Can you get the door!" Another knock, "fiddlesticks, where is that boy? Frodo!" "I'll send them away, and go look for him. I'll get back to you later about this book of yours, Bilbo." 0.0.0 Adria walks up next to Gandalf's cart a few minutes later, her search not at all a difficult one when the wizard was so much larger than the surrounding Hobbits, her ears perked lightly, just managing to catch the end of one conversation as she jumps on the back, popping up behind the old wizard and young Hobbit. "Well what can I tell you? Life in the wide world goes on much as it has this past Age. Full