A/N: Had this idea for quite a while but I've been wrapped up in my Lost Girl story and really wanted to get that one done, but the other night I had the impulse to write this story. I know I usually write Bella/Rose stories, but I do really love the Denali family and want to give Tanya and Bella a go. Like my other stories Bella will be OOC, not like her usual push over self and Edward will be his usual dick head self. So if you don't like that I suggest not reading it. Enjoy. BPOV: "Pack up your troubles in your old kit bag and bury them beneath the sea. I don't care what the people may say what the people may say about me. Pack up your troubles get your old grin back, don't worry bout the cavalry. I don't care what the whisperers say, cause they whisper to loud for me." Victoria sings loudly behind me as she puts our luggage in the car. "You hear that Bells. That is the song just for you." She says putting the last of our bags in the SUV. "Oh, don't you worry, I heard you." I call back and continue to take pictures of the Calgary mountains. I'm really going to miss this place. "Well let's hit the road, I want to make sure we're at immigration when the suns down." She says locking up our cabin that's in the middle of the forest. "Don't want to give anyone a scare with my beautiful shiny skin." Vic laughs. I take a couple more pictures before putting my camera back in my bag. "Alright, I'm all done." We both hop into the SUV and drive away from what's been home for the past 3 months. "So how long will it take to get to Alaska?" I ask slipping off my shoes and resting them on the dash. "About 33 hours, give or take a few, but I'm sure I can get that number down a bit." She winks speeding up a bit. Victoria and I have been travelling around Canada for the past few years, finding a city and exploring for a little while them moving on. The north of Europe before that and Russia before that. Ever since what happened 50 years ago in Forks I've not been able to step foot in the USA, but Victoria loves the cold climates and Alaska is the next one on the list. It's about time I started moving on from all that. "So, do you want to play eye spy?" Victoria grins taking her eyes off the road. I just roll my eyes at her before reaching in my bag, grabbing my headphones and turning my music as loud as it will go. "How rude." Vic mumbles focusing on the road. She always made fun of me still listening to the music from when I was a human, but that's one part of my past that I don't want to leave behind so I tune out her annoyed huffs over being ignored and lose myself in my music and mountains out my window. Now the waves they drag you down Carry you to broken ground Now I find you in the sand Wipe you clean with dirty hands So goddamn this boiling space The Spanish Sahara, the place that you'd wanna Leave the horror here Forget the horror here Forget the horror here Leave it all down here It's future rust and it's future dust I'm the fury in your head I'm the fury in your bed I'm the ghost in the back of your head 'Cause I am I listen to the lyrics of my favourite Foals song and I feel myself getting sucked into memories from the worst day of my life, I try to fight it and push it away like I usually can but they come full force to the front of my mind and I know there's no avoiding it this time. FLASHBACK " Let's talk Bella." Edward says leading me into the forest behind Charlies house. I happily follow him into the forest like the good girlfriend I always try to be and we soon come to a stop about ½ a mile in. Edward turns to me with that usual frown in place and leans against a tree. " None of you were at school today. Is everything okay? Is Jasper okay?" " We need to leave Bella." He says looking down at his shoes. " Leave Forks? When?" " Tonight." " Wow...that's short notice. I uh..I don't know what to tell Charlie but I'm sure I'll figure something out." I tell him trying to think of what to do. " No Bella you don't get it. You're not coming. Me and my family are leaving." He says looking up at me. I take a step back when I see his face turn from his usual frown to one with anger written all over it. " But why?" I whisper. Edward scowls at me, pushes himself off the tree and walks towards me. "Why? Ever since you came into our lives we've had nothing but trouble. Trouble with the nomads, the mutts and Jaspers been going through hell because of what you caused last night." He hisses. "Esme and Alice have been going out of their minds with worry for him, thinking he might do something stupid because of the guilt he'll carry." What mutts is he talking about? I push away those thoughts and focus on Edward, I never meant to hurt them. "Look I'll apologise to Jasper and the rest of the family. I didn't mean to hurt anyone. You're my family, I love you...all of you." I say walking towards him. I feel awful about Jasper going through pain right now, he's such an incredible man. He runs his hands through his hair taking a deep breath. "You don't get it. We don't want you to come." " What? Why are you saying this? We're meant to be Edward, you said it yourself." " What the fuck aren't you hearing." Edward growls moving forward and grabbing my arms tightly causing me to wince at the sudden pain. "I don't want you to be a part of our lives anymore, you're a poison Bella." " I know what you're trying to do and it won't work. I love you." I cry holding onto his jacket. " I'm not trying to do anything. I don't love you, I never have." He spits pulling my hand from his jacket and pushing me away from him, causing me to fall to the floor. " Please don't say that." I cry. Edward walks around me, looking down at me with disgust written all over his face. "Look at you." He says crouching down and grabbing my face between his hand. "You're pathetic Bella, just a weak human that I used to pass my time with, a play thing if you will." He grins. " Please stop." I sob feeling my cheeks hurt from the pressure of his hand. Edward scoffs and pushes me back against the floor. "You're not even worth my time." He says standing back up. "Goodbye Bella, have a nice life." I see him start to walk away from me and a panic rises inside of me, I can't lose them. I scramble up off the floor, race after him and latch onto his back. "Please don't Edward, please." " Bella get off." He says darkly not turning around. " No. You love me and I love you." I cry holding onto him harder. " I SAID GET OFF." He shouts spinning round and throwing me backwards. I feel my body fly through the air and slam hard against a tree. " AHHHH." I scream out in pain when I feel multiple bones completely snap and fall limply to the ground and look down to see my right leg sticking out in a weird angle and blood rush down my face from a head wound. "Edward." I cry reaching out to him. Oh fuck I think I've broke my back or something. " Bella, Bella, Bella." Edward says walking over to me. "Why couldn't you just leave it alone." He tuts crouching down next to me. " Edward help me." I try and lift my arm up to him but I can't feel anything. " You brought this on yourself." He whispers running his fingers over my bleeding head before bringing them to his mouth. He shuts his eyes and breathes in deeply. "I always wondered what you'd taste like…I've got to say I'm pretty disappointed, always out doing yourself Bella." He smirks standing back up. " Ed...ward." I wheeze, struggling to breath now. This can't be happening. " I shouldn't take any more blood, this is the perfect scenario for all those awful animal attacks." Edward says waving his hand over me. "Well almost." He grins before deeply running his fingers down my body causing my clothes to rip open and scratches cut my chest and stomach. I want to scream out and beg him to stop but no noise leaves my body, only blood spills from my mouth. Edward gets up and stares down at his handy work. "This could've all been avoided Bella, you just don't listen." He sighs. "Well I should be going, MY family will start to worry. Goodbye Bella." Edward sends me one last smirk before speeding out of sight. Everything starts to fade around me as I look up at the sky and try to catch my breath. Soon things start to slow down as I watch the birds sail through the sky above me, I know this is the end. I'm going to die knowing that the only real family I've ever known never truly loved me…I was just a game to them, a pathetic little toy to play with. Just as everything starts to blur, before it completely turns to black. A flash of red appears above me and a familiar fire starts to spread through my wrist, the same spot James first bit me. FLASHBACK END A hand on my knee jolts me from my memories. I look up and find Victoria staring at me with worry covering her face. "You okay Bells?" She asks flicking her eyes between me and the road. "Yeah I'm good. Just some bad memories." Is all I say, I know she gets it. Vic moves one hand off the wheel and grabs mine. "Don't go there Bella, you're stronger than that." She tells me. "I know, I know." I sigh throwing my earphones onto the back seat. "I just get to caught up sometimes." I say shaking my head of those thoughts. Vic's right, I am stronger than that, what happened made me stronger. Edward leaving me for dead on that forest floor changed my life, it caused me to meet Vic and become the woman I am now, a woman that doesn't let people walk over her anymore. "Well no more getting caught up." She tuts flicking my nose, then just smirks at me as I shove her hand away. "Whatever." I huff falling back onto my seat. "So how about that game of eye spy?" I suggest and burst out laughing when a bright excited smile comes across Vics face. "I'll go first. Eye spy with my little eye something beginning with...M." She shouts her letter and grins at me. Oh boy, this was a mistake. . . . "Will you hurry up." Victoria huffs as she walks way ahead of me. "What's the rush." I call back keeping my leisurely pace. We arrived in Alaska at 10 this morning, headed to our cabin that's right out the way of the humans and now we're getting our bearings of the town we've decided to settle in for our stay in Alaska. Thankfully for us today is cloudy so Vic and I will