I'm warning you now...this is not a happy ending story. Major character deaths. Rate M for language. Drug use. Disclaimer: I don't own it. SM does. I just use it for my own sick and twisted pleasures. He walked in to a house he hadn't walked into in years. The smell of food wafting through the air brought him back to yesteryear. A time when they were all young and naïve, protecting their people from those who wanted to bring harm. Supernatural beings. The familiar surroundings bringing back memories crashing into the forefront of his mind. The good time, the bad, the playful years and the serious life changing times. Fate it seemed liked to play with their lives and their emotions. Connecting one soul to another in a supernatural matching making game. He wasn't for it. Not having a choice in the matter pissed him off to no degree. It was unfair to either party. How were they to come together just because some unseen force demanded it so. And when worlds did collide the human part of them were left to deal with the aftermath. Hearts broken, futures changed, lives altered, leaving an emotional cluster fuck in its wake. He left. He didn't want anything to do with it because he didn't want to be responsible for taking away someone choices, someone's preferred future. It took everything he had in him to leave. He pulled against the pull, tugged against the tug. He introduced his middle finger to the fates as he fought a life they demanded to place upon him. He didn't want it. He wanted nothing to do with it. So he did the next best thing...he left. He left behind his beloved pack. His brothers who had his back. He left behind the only family who ever cared for him despite his volatile nature. He left his home and left his friends all so he could escape a future forced upon him. Forced upon another. The fates trying to entwine his life with another by supernatural magic and taking away his choice, his chance, his freedom. He made a new life for himself. He made a new future for himself. It took years but he did it. Years for the pain to subside or at least to learn how to push it down and bury it. Years to learn how to live with the pain, to push through the pain. It took another few years to finally settle into a normal routine. The pain lessen when he cut his ties to his pack. His family. He never thought he would ever have made this choice but his other choices were being robbed from him and if he wanted to live life on his terms, there were tough choices he just had to make. Leaving was one, breaking his ties was another. It was made easier when he found another pack. He did his research. He found he like the alpha because they held similar views. Fuck the leeches! If it wasn't for them, they wouldn't be force into this life of protectors. A life where someone else held their destiny in their hands. He had to formally ask his alpha to release him. To go against everything he stood for and cast away a brother. He had to ask for his freedom. He had to fight for it. His alpha refusing to let go. He had to beg for it. In the end, his alpha understood. He granted him his wishes yet he let him know he would always be part of this pack. He would always be welcomed back. This was his home. This was his family. He tried to convince himself he would never go back. He joined his new pack to help him keep his promises to himself. He actually fit right in. The new pack welcomed him with open arms. It took him months to get used to the new voices in his head. He used all his strength and willpower to become a better wolf. To become a better pack mate. To become a better brother. He vowed to make a new image for himself. This self-loathing person he was, was no longer working for him. This volatile nature no longer fit with who he wanted to become. Fighting was second nature to him but he realized he did not need his anger to be a better fighter. He did not need his anger to push himself further. It was ironic to him how he became a better fighter once he let go of his anger. His clear head now making him that much more lethal. So he did the impossible and he changed. His new pack helped him. His new brothers accepted him. His new alpha welcomed him and became his strongest ally in his resolve to change. It was hard work. At times he didn't think he could do it. His wolf wanting him to stay the same, fighting against the changes. Fighting against his host. He thought his wolf might eventually abandon him, leaving him to be a shell of his former self. It was grueling work. It was a daily battle he fought within himself and outside of himself. It took years to tame the wolf but he was better for it. Now he was so in tuned with his wolf, he no longer needed the anger to bring him out. He could phase on the fly as his former pack mate states about his former alpha's ability to phase. He was now a valuable member of the pack. He was trusted to represent his new tribe when the alpha and beta were not able to. His former third position was granted to him due to all the hard work he had put in trying to become a better person. He didn't have to fight for it. He didn't need to use his anger. Their third gave up his position to him. It was a logical choice. This new pack worked together as a team. There were no internal battles like his old pack. This new pack joined together to fight like a unit, each member having a valuable position. Each member having a say. The alpha of this pack had long established open communication with his pack. He had strengthen his pack by spreading his authority throughout the pack. Each member able to make a decision on his own when needed. The alpha commands rarely ever used. Every member had a say, a voice. He had found a pack he was meant to be in. He was happy. Or so he told himself. Life has a funny way of letting you believe you are in control until it decides to pull the rug from under you. Today his rug was about to be pulled. The memories caught up to him, making his wolf whine, making his pain resurface. He stopped and let all these old sensations flow through him. There was no use fighting them as he had learned in his quest to change. He invited his old memories to resurface to make themselves known. He stood still as he centered himself, regained his posture before he allowed himself to move forward. He learned the 'what-ifs' were his true enemy. The 'what-ifs' never allowing him to move on, to let go, to live life. Now, as he stood in the old familiar kitchen, he let his old memories surround him and bring on the old feelings that threaten to overwhelm him but would not allow it. These feelings were no longer his enemies, they would not rule him, not overtake him. They were his feelings, this was his body, he was in control. He had a choice to make at the moment and so he made the choice. The memories could flow, the emotions could flow but they would not overtake. With a new resolve, he moved forward and greeted his past. As he reached out and placed his hand on the brass doorknob, his past came back to greet him. With the smooth swish of air passing by him, he took a step forward and stepped into his past. His old pack stood in various places in the backyard. They milled about as they mingled with each other. Nothing seemed to have changed. Everyone still look like they were stuck in time, stuck in an ageless state. A pack of teenage boys running around protecting their people. It was his old alpha that spotted him first but it was his old pack mate that felt him arrive. Everyone turned as he walked out to the back. Greetings and welcomes resonated throughout the backyard, filling the already festive air with more celebration. He smiled as old familiar faces took turns greeting him. He hugged every single one except him. He whose life had changed when the fates deemed him bound to him. He whose life crashed and imploded when he left. He who took his place as the volatile wolf when he decided to leave. For he was too drunk and intoxicated to bother greeting the one who abandon him. The one who rejected him. It wasn't like he didn't make an effort to greet him. He said his hellos and was greeted with a 'fuck off' when he reached out to him. He understood. He had to work through his own demons to be able to move past this. He needed to face his own problems before he would be able to move forwards. But if he had to honest with himself, it pained him to see him this way. Lost and rejected. Going through the motion of life but not really living. A hollow look now haunted his eyes. An empty vacant look to represent what he was feeling on the inside. He had to push through the pain, reminding himself this was to give him back his choices. He chose to live this way and he had nothing to do with this. He didn't make his choices for him and he refused to no matter what the fates demanded. His life was his to live. He shrugged his shoulders and went back to reuniting with his old friends. Catching up on gossip and new lives. Telling them how he was adjusting and how he was fitting into his new pack. All the while his wolf crying loudly in his ear. Scratching at the surface to get to him. He wanted him. He needed him. He was made for him. It was demanded by the gods it was! But he would not let his wolf win this battle. It was not his life to live. It was not his world. He was here to protect not dictate how he would live his life or anyone else's life. His wolf would just have to settle down because he would not give in to the plan the fates laid out before him. He would not allow them to tell him how he should live and what would make him happy. He continued to visit with his 'family' and enjoy their company while he made a fool of himself by getting drunker and drunker as the night wore on. His pack brothers trying and failing at controlling him. He snuck off to do his drugs and came back with liquid courage and artificial bravery. He approached him and sneered at him. He despised him for rejecting him, for putting him through this hell. 'Go home!' He shouted. 'This is no longer your pack!' He reminded him. 'Leave! You're good at that!' He pushed but he wouldn't play into his games. The pack stood still ready for the fight that would ensue as he yelled at him to leave. He sat there and felt pity for the yelling man. Pity that he would let his emotions run his life for him. Pity that the gods had done this to him. But he never made a move. It