This is a one shot. I am stuck on one of my stories but this one came to mind. I hope it entertains you as much as it entertained my brain! Ha! Rated M for language... Disclaimed: I don't own the characters. I just used them for my sick and twisted pleasure! Three months of taking on extra patrols just to have this whole weekend off. We don't need to get back into town until Monday. Fuck yeah I am looking forward to this! We have been planning this for a while now and I just can't wait! Just a weekend of fun. I really am getting tired of all this imprint shit going on around me. I can't stand it. One fucking look and BAM! just like that my brothers are love sick fools. This is just bullshit! Well not me. I am not falling for that shit. Fuck that! I will not be held down by no fucking chick. Hell no! I like my 'fuck them and leave them' lifestyle. Paul Lahote will not be whipped anytime soon or maybe even never! Hell will freeze over by the time that happens. So right now, Jared and I are at the store, getting our essentials for this weekend. You know, lube, condoms, lots of condoms, toilettes and what not. Gotta look good for the ladies! I just wish Sam would join us but he was the first one to be pussy-whooped! That was a fucked up imprint if you ask me. He imprints on his fiancé's cousin! Say what? That's just fucked up. And what's even worse, his ex-fiancé is now a part of the pack! Can you say AWKWARD! See, so we don't even get a choice on who we will imprint on. Why be in a relationship? I am still convinced not all of us will imprint. Look at Jake. That fucker has been chasing tail for a while now and said tail is not responding. She is choosing a fucking leech over him and the dumbass is still following her around like a damn idiot! He's convinced he will imprint on her. Hello Jake! Doesn't work that way buddy! What a tool! Now, what was I picking up? Oh yeah, condoms… So Paul and Jared went about shopping for the needed essentials for their weekend trip. Both lost in their own little world and making plans on how many conquests they think they would have. For this very reason, they got two different hotel rooms. Hell, they wanted different hotels because with their super hearing, no matter where they were in the hotel, they would be able to hear the other wolf 'enjoying' their night. However, they decided against it an just booked two rooms at the same hotel. These rooms have been booked for months. They had tried to convince Jake to join them but decided against this since he was still gaga over a certain tail he was never going to get. "Hey man I need to go get some deodorant. I'll meet you at the register." With a nod, Paul walked over to the register and begin paying for his purchases. The girl behind the counter was nice to look at. Paul begin flirting with her and figured he could get some before enjoying his weekend. A little pre-party before the actual party. Paul like the fact that she had a nice set of knockers. He knew she was into him and he worked it to his advantage. He reached over and lightly tapped her name tag and then traced the edge of her shirt down to the bottom of the 'v' on her collar with his finger. His finger ever so gently caressed her skin, raising goosebumps on her sensitive skin. Her breath hitched and he knew he had her. He winked at her while smirking. She blushed and bit her plump, pink lips. Paul wanted to know how her lips would look around his cock. He knew he would have that answer later that night. She finished checking him out and handed him his receipt but not before writing down her number for him. As he took the receipt from her hand, he grazed her finger and saw her shiver at his touch. Yup, he was going to call her up later. He winked at her once more and then proceeded to take his purchases out to his truck. He was programming the clerk's number under 'Amber Tail Tonight' as he waited for Jared. He smiled at himself, knowing the effect he had on women. He was really looking forward to this weekend. After about fifteen minutes, Paul became aggravated that Jared was taking so long. What the fuck? Just pick a fucking deodorant already. How hard can that be? Then he figured Jared must be flirting with some random chick. He chuckled to himself and shook his head. Paul was getting hungry so he figure he go get Jared's sorry ass and make him hurry up. What he encountered when he re-entered the store would ruin his weekend plans. Fuck! No, no, no, no, no, no! Fuck! Fuck! FUCK! NO! Why now?! Why couldn't this shit happen after their trip? All he was looking forward to this week was having some fun with his best friend at the clubs. Just weekend fun. After all the extra patrols they had done just to have this weekend off. Why did this shit happen right now? Fuck! "Hey Jay! Jay! JARED!" Paul's baritone voice boomed to get his friend's attention. He was unsuccessful at getting his friend's attention. Jared stood there in the deodorant aisle looking like he was dumbstruck. He had the look of seeing something sacred for the first time in his life. Jared was transfixed on the woman in front of him. Nothing else seemed to matter. Nothing prepared him for this. Who was she? He had to know. He needed to know. She was destined to be in his life. He was destined to be in her life. "Fuck Jay!" Paul was pissed at this point. Jared's whole world changed with just one look. She was the reason for his being. She was the reason he existed. Nothing else mattered and nothing else made sense before this moment. She held him to this earth. She tied him to her. His heart had found it's home and his soul had found his mate. Before he could register what was going on, his feet were carrying him to her. He just couldn't keep his eyes off of her. He could hear Paul ranting and raving behind him but he did not care. This was much more important than his hot-headed friend. The smile he wore, never left his face. He had tunnel vision and everything around him disappeared. She was the only thing he saw. She looked at him and smiled. She had seen him stare at her and when her eyes met his, she felt a spark like none other. An electrical current running between them. An explosion of stars. He was the most handsome being she had ever seen. His muscles shown through is tight t-shirt. A sexy glint in his eye. Then she spotted him heading towards her. The butterflies in her stomach went wild! Oh my god he was gorgeous! Could he really be heading this way? The smile on his face said yes. She couldn't stop herself from blushing from the attention she was getting from this sexy being heading her way. As he finally closed the distance between them, she realized he towered over her but it seemed her body conformed to his. Like two pieces of a puzzle that perfectly fit together. The 'ying' to her 'yang'. She looked up and met his gaze. He had gorgeous cocoa brown eyes. What she saw there was more than she ever expected. Love. Devotion. Adoration. He looked at her like she was the center of his universe. This sent shivers down her spine. The heat radiating off of him made her catch her breath. His warmth enveloping her like a cocoon. All she wanted at this moment was to be in his arms. They stood there for what seemed like a lifetime before he finally said hi. Never one to be shy, she smiled at him and asked him for his name. "Jared," he smiled and winked at her. "Jared," she purred. Without realizing, he moved closer to her, with his cock coming to attention once she purred his name. It felt like she was pulling him in. She didn't back away and this made his wolf howl. A low growl escaped his lips when he inhaled her scent, honey and cinnamon with a touch of pear. He wanted more. So much more. He could see the effect he had on her. Her breath hitched when he moved in closer and she bit her lip. His wolf was now scratching at the surface, wanting to claim his mate. His eyes darken as lust filled his being for this woman that stood before him. MINE! His wolf snarled. He asked for her name. He needed to know what to call the mother of his children. "Kimberly." Oh such a sweet name! It was music to his ears. My Kim! She smiled wider loving the way he called her his. He had not realized he had said this last part out loud. "Yes, yours," she cooed at him. Oh yeah. He was in love and so was his wolf. He pants getting tighter. They stood there just taking in each other, practically eye-fucking each other when Jared spotted someone approaching them from his peripheral vision. His wolf emitted a low warning growl to the approaching figure. There stood Paul looking pissed off as ever. Jared knew why Paul was pissed. He smiled an apology to his Kim before breaking eye contact and facing his very pissed off friend. Unconsciously, Jared place his body defensively in front of Kim, effectively shielding her from Paul. She stood with her front to his back as his arms reached behind to encircle her small frame possessively to his body. He was going to get rid of Paul then continue with his Kim because he could no longer be without her. He no longer wanted to be without her. He was addicted. In the few minutes he spoke with her, he already knew he had imprinted on her and he no longer felt the need to be without her. He needed to know everything about her. He turned to Paul and smiled. "That's it, huh?" Paul was pissed. "Yup" was all Jared had to say. Paul knew what happened. He knew their weekend was ruined. Well it was for Paul but not for Jared. Jared was going to spend the rest of his free weekend with his imprint. Paul would just have to deal. Paul's nostrils flared and his hands clenched into fist at his sides. He stared at Jared for a moment before he stormed off, angrier than ever. He punched a display of chips, knocking some of them to the floor. He stomped off not caring about the damage he had done. Jared turned his attention back to his Kim. FUCKING SHIT! OF ALL THE FUCKING TIMES THIS SHIT HAD TO HAPPEN! DAMMIT! Paul paced back and forth by his truck. He was beyond pissed! He knew he didn't need Jared to pick up chicks this weekend but he was really looking forward to bonding with his brother. They had been so busy, they hardly had time to hang out. After Sam imprinted, Jared had taken on the role of Paul's best friend. They both made fun of their imprinted brothers and swore this would not happen to them. Paul was fuming. His whole body was shaking and he knew he was going to phase. He ran for the tree line and EXPLODED into his wolf, not caring about his shredded