So this is the very first story I had ever written but I never posted it. I didn't feel like it was finished but in retrospect I think it is. I read many stories on the transformation of the Cullen Clan but none really dealt with Emmett's transformation. This is the reason I wrote this particular story. It's all my opinion and how I think it went. SM has her version and I have mine though it is closely related. Enjoy. Language...if you read my stuff you kinda figure out I'm an avid potty mouth! Lol! Disclaimer...SM owns it. I don't. I just use it for my own sick and twisted entertainment! Emmett: The was an electric feel in the morning air as I readied myself for my hunting trip. I have made this trip countless times in the past but today I could feel the hairs on my arms and the back of my neck stand on end. My family seem to feel the same grey cloud that hung in the air as we said our good-byes and well wishes as we have done countless times in the past. With the ominous feeling in the air, I made sure to hug every one of my family members before I left for my hunting trip. On a normal day, I would just pack my things and leave with a wave of good-bye and a promise of a safe return. Today, I could only wave good-bye but I somehow knew deep down in the pit of my stomach, a safe return could not be promised…And this knowledge shook me to my core. This overcast feeling of dread was felt by all. My mother seem especially mournful as sorrow filled her eyes, holding onto me tightly, somehow knowing this would the last time she would ever hug her eldest son. She held on for as long as she could, fearing her motherly instincts would prove her correct. I held on as long as possible because I knew once I left, I would never know the feeling of her warm embrace again. I was determined to etch this feeling into my very soul so that I never forget her smell, her smile, and her safety. Each of my siblings all but cried as I hugged ever last one and made them promise to look after our parents in my absence. Not once did I mention 'until I return' as I had done in the past. Change was coming. That much we can sense. Whether it was a good or bad thing was something yet to be seen. My father, a man who was not one to show public displays of affection, hugged me tight as if knowing this was what my soul needed to carry me forward toward my waiting destiny. A destiny taking me away from my life and my family. A destiny, my father said, that was mine alone to face. I fought the desperate feeling I felt at not wanting to take this road by myself. My father told me the night before, I was the man I needed to be to take this trip alone. I somehow knew he was right despite the overwhelming anxiety threatening to overpower my emotions. As I headed towards the woods to my waiting destiny, I turned around and waved a final good-bye to my family as they stood looking after me, etching the picture into my soul. I did not want to forget where I came from and I was determined to take my family with me, if not physically, at least in spirit. I wandered through the familiar woods towards the same camping spot I had use many times in the past. I arrived by midday and laid my things on the ground. Today, instead of setting up camp as I would of and should of done, I gathered my hunting knife and my shot gun and set off towards the woods. Towards the pull of my destiny. I did not take my familiar path for this is not where my destiny directed me to go. I took off towards an unfamiliar part of the woods…without fear. The closer I came to my destined spot, the more powerful destiny's pull became, almost dragging me into the unknown but familiar. I came to an abrupt stop as the pull seem to all but disappear and I knew I reached my destined spot. I waited. The cool wind lightly brushed past me. I noticed my surroundings and took in the sights. I stood next to an ominous looking hole on the side of a hill. I later realized I stood at the mouth of a bear cave. The trees surrounding me offered little protection. The boulders resting on the hill, threatening to crush me if I moved from this very spot. The woods seems to come to a complete stand still as if waiting with me. Silence. The only sound evident at this moment was the thud of my heart as the anticipation of the wait sped the rhythm to an almost train racing pace. I felt the earth at my feet grounding me to this very spot. I felt my muscles stiffen to prevent me from moving. My senses became heighten as I felt the coming danger that would change my world as I knew it. Although it was not hot, I could feel sweat beading downing my back and down my temple as I waited. The hairs on the back of my neck and on my arms stood on end, alerted to the coming danger. I dared not to move or blink in fear of missing any detail that would alert me to the start of my destiny. Anxiously I waited for what seemed like a lifetime. As I waited, I somehow felt as if I was not alone. As if I had an audience waiting with me. Someone or some 'thing' there as my witness. Whoever or whatever was watching the unfolding events did not feel like an enemy. And for a split second, I knew I had a chance at surviving whatever my destiny was about to unleash on me. My audience held their breath too and I could almost feel the anxiety of waiting radiating off of them. Rolling off of them. Filling my existence with their excitement. A kind of crackling excitement that seem to ignite the electricity in the air around me. Anticipation. Waiting… Then, as if by instinct, my heart stopped. My breath hitched. Readying me for this moment. My audience stopped. Everything around me stopped. And for a split second, the world was at a complete standstill as my destiny came crashing down to claim me. Destiny struck me from behind. Hard. Furious. Overpowering. Ripping into me with a force that knocked me to the ground. Tearing into my flesh with vengeance as I cried out in agonizing pain. Biting down on my skull as if to rip the memories of my loved ones from my mind. Roaring with anger that I was still here! Roaring with anger that I was still impossibly alive! My mind reeling with the pain that my body was enduring. Feeling the life in me being torn away as the blood gushed from every wound destiny had inflicted upon me. The blackness threatening to engulf me. I was in the worst pain I had ever felt and, in that moment, I cursed myself for being drawn to the pull of destiny. Why did I feel the need to follow destiny when I had a life worth living? I had a family to take care of. I still had a long life ahead of me had I just chose not to follow destiny. Her pull was great and I cursed my weakness at her pull. I thought her vengeance would never end but somehow she ceased her unforgiving punishment upon me. What seemed like a lifetime, was only a few minutes. A few minutes is all it took for destiny to lay her vengeance on me and change my course in life. Death. Sweet death. Death avoided me and left me to wallow in my never-ending pain. Pain. Overwhelming pain! I had never felt pain like this before. I was a large man. I was a strong man. Pain was not in my vocabulary. Pain was not an option. Pain was never felt. Not like this. This pain strangled my very existence. Avoidance was not an option. Destiny handed me over to pain and pain was dead set on holding on to me. As I laid on the ground, blood gushing from my wounds, I prayed death took mercy on me. I prayed for anyone to take me away from the death-grips of pain. In another instant, I felt the wind rushing through my being. As if being carried away from the vengeance of destiny even though pain still had a hold on me. Flying! Could I be flying? And if I was flying, then how was I still in pain? I fought to open my eyes, even a slight opening to try to take in my surroundings. Blurring past me were the colors of the forest. Greens. Browns. Whites. Blurring passed me or was I losing my eye sight? Straining to take another look, I looked up and spied the most beautiful vision behold to man. An angel. My angel. My guardian angel. My angel with dark, golden locks of curled hair that flowed behind her as she carried my broken body away from the grips of destiny. And for a moment, pain cease to exist. All but forgotten, to behold the beauty before my very eyes. She carried my broken body in her arms as she flew through the forest. I did not want her to stop for fear of feeling pain again. I wanted her to carry me like this forever. Being like this with her, with my angel, made me forget my pain. Made me forget that destiny had taken her vengeance on me. Made me forget that my course in life had been altered. Forgetting. Seemed nice to forget, even if it was for a little while. My angel had saved me. My angel held me and all was right in the world. Rosalie: I was feeling particularly uneasy today. Irritated with those around me. I somehow could not stand to be in the company of others today. I had to leave the house. The ominous feel in the air started to grate on my nerves. I needed to get out before I lost my peace of mind or what was left of it. So I ran towards the woods to escape my family and this irritating feeling. To leave my anxiety behind. My existence. I wasn't set on hunting. I wasn't set on anything in particular. I just needed to run. To run towards the pull of the forest. Towards the peace of mind I was itching to find. The forest had always offered a safe haven to think and get away. A safe haven that most humans would not understand. It was almost as if the woods could shelter me from this life, if that's what you want to call it. A frozen life. Time has no meaning when you are a vampire. Apparently centuries can pass and vampires would still be in the frozen place of time of when they were turned. Carlisle was evident of that. I cursed Carlisle for bringing me into this way of living. A way of being. Who in their right mind would ever chose this way of life? Frozen. Never moving forward. Never living. Never dying. Dying. I was supposed to die. I should be dead right now. I should be dead at the hands of Royce King and his miserable excuse of friends. Raped. Violated. And left to die alone on the street. Like a forgotten piece of trash. That was my destiny. That had been