This is part of the All I Ever Wanted/Needed series. I wanted Nessie to have her own wolf. I think it would only make sense. Well at least in my own little world. I like it. I hope you do too. I couldn't put this part in either of the stories. It just didn't seem right. It needed to happen on its own. Language….Oh and I threw in a lemon…you know it's such a hot day and I figure lemonade would be great…*wink, wink* Plus I don't own these characters. We all know who does (SM). I just use them for my own sick and twisted amusement! Ha! She used her charm . She used her vampire charm ! Like a little child throwing a tantrum, she used her charm ! Grant it, she was young but still she should of handled this better than how she did. She wanted to be a grown-up. She wanted me to treat her as such and yet she acted out like a child would. She used her charm ! And she used it against one of my pack brothers! One who I considered my little brother! I think this fact infuriated my wolf more than anything else. Seth had no chance against Nessie's charm. Once she used her vampire charm on him, he was a goner. He would do anything for her and she knew it. Not once did she think of the consequences of her actions. She was not worried about what this would do to Seth. She was not worried about what this would do to me. No, she just wanted vengeance. Against me. Against my wolf. And for what? For not taking her and having my way with her. That's right. She wanted me to fuck her and I had refused because I knew she was still too young to handle the responsibility of sex. She was ruled by her raging hormones. I tried talking to her but she refused to listen. She just wanted to play a dangerous game with my wolf. She did not know what she was dealing with. She did not know how much control I had to exert in order to keep my wolf from hurting her. She could not know how much I fought to exercise the control I had over my wolf. He was chomping at the bit, trying to get to her. Trying to claim what was his. He would have mated with her in the most inhumane way. He was not concerned about her feelings or if he would have hurt her. No, my wolf is animalistic and unforgiving. He takes what is his and no one gets in his way. My russet wolf is a uncaring beast. He would have eaten her alive and spit her out expecting her to be able to take all he dished out to her. I knew she would not have been able to handle it. I was saving her. I loved her too much to let her go through with handing herself over to my beast of a wolf. Besides, she is more mine then she was his. What exactly was my wolf expecting? He was dealing with a little girl who was growing up way too fast. She was cursed to grow up before her time. She could barely handle herself much less expect me to handle her! My wolf had no idea what he was dealing with. Nessie had no idea who she was dealing with. I was stuck in the middle trying to do damage control. No one understood the strain I was truly under. Pressure from my wolf to claim Ness and to mark her. Pressure from Ness to take her before she was truly ready. Pressure from her parents to treat Ness right and with respect. Pressure from the council to control a pack and become chief. I was barely hanging on by a thread. It still surprises me that I never snapped from all the pressure I was under. Then she leaves me. She claims I really don't love her. She says I am forced to love her due to the imprint. FORCED! God if I wanted crazy, I truly got it. Ain't nobody foolish enough to be forced to love crazy because that's what Nessie was…crazy! Insane. Out of control. With everything going on in my life at the time, I could have done without all that drama. So no, I was never forced to love her. I admit, at one point I thought I loved her mother and that Bella was it for me. Yes, I was convinced Bella and I were meant to be but Nessie wasn't around. She was not even a thought in anyone's head at the time. How could I have known she would be born and she would be it for me? How could anyone have predicted that situation? I never could have. I doubt she could have either! She called herself second choice. What a crock of shit! She would never be my second choice. She would always be my only choice! I could not make her see that back then. So she walked away. She walked out of my life. She rejected me and she rejected the imprint. She used her charm on poor, unsuspecting Seth and claimed to have found a 'loophole'. Some loophole! I still felt the pain of the rejected imprint. I still died due to the rejected imprint. She had to follow me into the spirit world just to bring me back and on top of all of that, she needed Seth's help to bring us both back! What a turn of events! I so missed her. I so needed her. When I woke up and stared into those big chocolate brown eyes of my Ness, I just melted. I was home. There was no one but her and I. Everything else was out of focus and she was the only thing I saw. She had come back. She had saved me. It was like she finally understood there was no way I could have lived without her. She is my world and my life. I live for her. I am because of her. The spirits had it right. She was my other half. The one to ground me and help me become better than I ever thought I could be. My Ness. That's why it was so disappointing when I found out what she did. What was worse was knowing she did not apologize to Seth or to the tribe until she was confronted. She had plenty of chances to stop and tell me about what she had done but she chose not to. I had never wanted to hurt someone as much as I did that night of the pack meeting. I had to connect my fist to the wall before I connected it to someone's face. Maybe not Ness but just someone. Anyone. I couldn't even look at her. My wolf was growling and snarling. He was just as disappointed with Nessie's actions as I was. I fought not to phase that night. My wolf wanted out. He was upset with his pack as well and the pack knew it. Every single wolf in my pack, coward as I roared with anger towards them. How is it okay to use one of our brothers as a fucking punching bag? How is it okay to punish him for something he had unknowingly done? What made it fucking okay to turn your back on your own brother in his time of need?! And why in the fuck did my standing alpha permit my fucking pack to act the way they did?! My wolf and I were fuming! I was livid! How could these guys be part of MY fucking pack? They did not earn the right. I was ashamed that these group of guys were my fucking pack. Ashamed! They had all disgraced the Quileute pack reputation. My great grandfather was probably turning in his grave. Taha Aki was probably turning in his grave! My wolf wanted to destroy the current pack and start fresh. I had to fight to keep him from ripping their heads off. I was close to letting him do just that. Seth was the only one I was proud of. He took his punishment with grace and not once did he retaliate. I was honored to call him my brother! Seth had asked for my forgiveness. I told him there was nothing to forgive. He had done nothing wrong. Nessie had used him and she was the one who was at fault here. He wanted to let this all go. See, that is so Seth. So forgiving even when he knows everything done to him was wrong. He did not deserve to endure the pain and sadness he had gone through during the last three years. He had suffered right along with me. Seth did nothing wrong. That night I went on patrol even though I had just come off of patrol. I just could not trust my wolf to be in the same house with Nessie. I wasn't sure how much more control I had over him at the moment. I prayed I would run into some vampires because I needed to blow off so steam. It was my luck that the night would be quiet and uneventful so in the morning after my patrol I went deep into the woods and proceeded to punch into trees. The brute force of a single punch sent a tree flying towards another. My knuckles cracked under the pressure. The temporary pain made me forget the anger that brewed within me. My broken knuckles did not have a chance to heal over as I continued to punch out my anger. When I was finally exhausted, I fell to my knees and let the pain in my muscles envelope my senses. I fell asleep right where I had crumbled to the floor. There is a new clearing in the forest thanks to my release. By the time I woke, it was nighttime again. I spent a whole day destroying a section of the forest just so I would not hurt my pack or my Ness. I needed to go home. I was hungry and I was thirsty. I needed to face Nessie and advise her of her punishment. The wolf in me was hoping she would accept it with maturity and grace. I was not ready to forgive her. She would have to earn my forgiveness and my trust. When I got home, Nessie was in our bedroom crying. This upset me for two reasons. One because she is my imprint and her pain is my pain and two, she had no right to cry. She had done wrong and she needed to own up to her mistakes. I know she knew I had come home. She could feel the pull just as much as I could. Her crying slowed down but I did not go to comfort her. Instead I went to take a shower. I let the hot water work on all the aches and pain from my muscles. I took my time as I stood there in the shower and fought the developing headache. After my shower , I went downstairs to find something to eat. Nessie quietly made her way downstairs to the kitchen and made me something to eat. I was thankful but I would not acknowledge her just yet. I wouldn't even look her way. When she set down a plate of food in front of me, my wolf growled a warning at her. She quickly retreated and went right back upstairs and waited for me. I took my time eating. My father had come and sat with me. He eyed me but never said a word. When I was finished, my father was the one who cleared the table. I nodded towards him and then