A/N: I do not own the plot of The Queen's Champion , Anaklusmos14 does. The characters belong to Mr. Rick Riordan (With the exception of the OC's that Anaklusmos14 made). If anyone out there knows Anaklusmos14, could you try to tell him about this, and make sure he is ok with me using his story? I tried to PM him, but it wouldn't let me. Don't worry for all of you guys out there waiting for me to update my other stories. I will, it's just right now i can't focus on them. My mind is always drifting to a new game I have been playing, Life Is Strange. Once I get that out of my system, I'll keep working. This story is simple enough to write due to a simple button known as Cut & Paste for the book. Don't forget to Read, Follow, Favorite, and Review. The year is 2008. It was quite on Olympus. Well, as quiet as it could be during war. Kronos had just risen once again, and the Gods were having an emergency War Council meeting. The gods knew it was time to start on the offensive in order to shrink Kronos' army. They were about to order Charles Beckendorf to fetch Percy Jackson and sink Kronos' yacht, when a flash of light temporarily blinded them. When the Gods and Goddesses could see again, there were demigods that they all recognized in front of them. "Percy?" Poseidon asked his son, who was looking around in confusion. "What are you guys doing here?" "I have no idea." He replied, shrugging his shoulders, causing the girl on his right to smirk. "Of course you don't Seaweed Brain." Annabeth Chase told him, causing Percy to shake his head in an accepting way. Nico di Angelo whispered to Thalia Grace, who was next to him, that he would not want to be Percy right now. "So what did happen?" Annabeth asked, to which Athena shrugged. " As much as i hate to admit it daughter, I have no idea. " She said, causing Poseidon to smirk at her. All of a sudden, another flash occurred. This time, a lot smaller and dimmer. A book appeared, and it slammed down onto Zeus' head. "OW!" He exclaimed. The entire Throne Room burst into laughter, causing Zeus to shake in rage. "STOP LAUGHING!" Everyone quieted down, except for two people. Percy, who was still belly laughing, and Artemis, who was doing the same. Once they had stopped, they glanced at each other before looking away, blushing. A note fell out of the book, and Hermes ran over to it before it could hit the ground. Gods, Goddesses, and Demigods of the past, We are from the future, and we want it to change. Now! The present for us has turned out terribly, and we have backtracked all of the damage to the events in this book. You need to change our past, your future if it is to be fixed. It is set in a few weeks from your time. Olympus has been overtaken as everyone had to go and fight off Typhon. 50 demigods, along with the Hunters and Nature creatures fought off Kronos and his army. Percy has defeated Kronos in a way different from direct killing. Percy also has bathed in the River Styx to help him fight Kronos. I won't spoil anything else. The book will be read out loud, on its own, so no one has to read. Before you read however, there are a couple rules. First rule, NO KILLING OR EVEN HARMING ANYONE. There are events in this book which will cause anger and fear. Second, no bashing anyone to Tartarus. Everyone here has to hear the entire book. If anyone seems to be presenting a Danger to anyone here, feel free to tie them up, but no more. Last, Artemis, I want you to be open minded about the contents. Hopefully you won't over react. Also I want Artemis's Hunters to be here as well. See you in a better future, The Last God ad Goddess Once Hermes as done, Apollo jumped up from his throne. "I'll get them!" He exclaimed, running to his chariot. However, before he could get there, he was stopped. not by Artemis, but by Percy. "I think Artemis can just summon them here." He said cooly, knowing to never trust Apollo with the Hunters alone. Artemis threw a grateful smile his way, before teleporting them to Olympus. Zeus snapped his fingers and made seats for everyone materialize. After explaining what was going on, everyone was ready to read/listen. THE QUEEN'S CHAMPION Chapter 1: The Betrayal Twelve Olympian gods and goddesses stormed into the throne room on Olympus expecting to battle the Titan Lord Kronos as he attempted to destroy their seats of powers. But when they burst into through the doors, they saw a sight no one expected. Luke Castellan, who had become the host for the Titan Lord, lay motionless on the floor, apparently dead. Percy Jackson stood above Annabeth Chase with his sword aimed at her throat. Unnoticed by the Olympians were the tears falling from his face. "WHAT!" Everyone shouted at once. "Percy what are you doing!?" Thalia shouted at him. "I don't know!" Percy exclaimed, panicked. "I haven't done this yet!" While everyone kept yelling, no one noticed Annabeth smirking at the same time as shaking. She was happy they were fighting, but shaking because she knows why Percy will be doing this. When Annabeth noticed the Olympians, she quickly cried out for help. "Mom, please help me. Percy is trying to kill me. He's a traitor." Annabeth yelled sounding helpless. "Me! A traitor! My fatal flaw is goddamn loyalty!" Percy shouted at Annabeth, who was acting as if she was scared for her life. Before anyone could react, Athena sent a blast of energy at the son of Poseidon, knocking him off his feet. "ATHENA!" Poseidon yelled. Why aren't you giving him a chance to explain himself?" "I was just told by my daughter that he is a traitor! What else would I do?" She asked him incredulously. "I DON'T KNOW?!" Hestia yelled at her, which shocked everyone. Normally Hestia was the one who was calm and collected. "RESTRAIN HIM AND THEN ASK?" Annabeth quickly pulled out her dagger and aimed for a spot below Percy's left armpit. Before she could stab him, a silver arrow flew through the air, impaling the daughter of Athena through the arm that held the dagger causing the dagger to go flying across the floor. "Thalia? Is that you?" Artemis and Zeus asked in sync. "I don't know, do I?" Thalia asked them, looking at them as if they fell from space. "You lying bitch." Spat a hobbling teenage girl in a silver parka. Thalia Grace, Lieutenant of the Hunters of Artemis, stood glaring at the blonde haired demigod. "Apparently it is!" Thalia exclaimed. "At least that means Percy is innocent! But why would Annabeth be lying?" She asked, causing Annabeth to shrink down. Normally Thalia wouldn't frighten her, but being surrounded by 12 Olympians and no weapons made her more cautious. Ares noticed and smirked. So far this book seemed very interesting, starting in the middle of a fight. Athena turned to attack the girl but was met with both a master bolt and trident leveled at her face. "Enough!" Zeus bellowed. "Thalia, explain what is going on." Zeus ordered in an agitated tone. "Thank you Dad/Father/Lord Zeus." Thalia, Artemis, and Percy told him. "First, you must restrain Annabeth. She is a traitor and will kill Percy first chance she gets." Thalia said gesturing to the semi-conscious Percy Jackson on the throne room floor. Everyone spun to look at Annabeth with Anger and disbelief in their eyes. The one person who didn't was Percy. He glanced at her hate-filled grey eyes before collapsing into a pile. Thalia ran over to him, and hugged him tightly. Artemis looked like she wanted to go over there also, but at Poseidon's shake of his head, she knew that is not a good idea. Percy wouldn't calm down if his own father would try to help, so why would Artemis be able to help. Eventually Thalia calmed him down, and the voice was heard again. "You lie. We clearly saw Jackson trying to kill my daughter." Athena hissed. "Silence!" Zeus yelled. "Ares, detain the girl. Apollo, tend to Jackson." Zeus barked before gesturing for Thalia to continue. Ares snapped his fingers and Annabeth was bound in celestial bronze shackles, while Apollo checked on Percy who was starting to regain his senses. "Why Celestial Bronze? Mortal Steel would have been just fine." Hephaestus muttered, before glancing up to find Annabeth in Steel chains. It appeared like she was about to attack Percy. "Annabeth, Percy and I were on our way to the throne room following Kronos. Outside the door, a statue of Hera fell and landed on my leg. Percy tried to help me, but Annabeth dragged him into the throne room saying there was no time. As I struggled to free myself, I could hear Percy battling the Titan Lord. I managed to get free and dragged myself to the throne room doors just in time to see Annabeth sneak up behind Percy and stab him in the lower back. When the blade bounced off, Annabeth seemed shocked. I heard her say that that was where his Achilles' spot was to Kronos or Luke. Percy whirled around and stabbed Luke in his side, a strike that somehow found Luke's Achilles' spot. Annabeth then began attacking Percy, screaming about him killing the love of her life. Percy quickly disarmed her and had his sword at her throat. When Annabeth asked what he was waiting for, Percy told her that her fate wasn't his to decide. Percy said it would be up to the gods to decide what to do with her." Thalia explained out of breath as Apollo made his way to her to heal her leg. The group sat there in silence muling over what just happened. All of Annabeth's friends felt betrayed and Angry. The Gods and Goddesses felt stupid for missing it, with the exception of Athena. She was her mother. If she was there for her during Annabeth's first seven years of he life, she wouldn't have joined Luke. "How do we know you're telling the truth?" Athena snapped at Thalia. Thalia glared at the goddess before speaking, "I swear on the River Styx that every word I just told the gods was true." Thalia said still glaring at the Goddess of Wisdom. Thunder rumbled loudly and the gods turned to look at Annabeth with looks of rage while she cowered in her shackles. Percy managed to get to his feet and stumbled his way toward Thalia, who was now able to stand after Apollo had worked on her leg. As soon as he reached her, he hugged her tightly, whispering thank you, as tears still fell from his eyes. Thalia, who was also crying, hugged her cousin back just as tightly. Both Percy and Thalia sat near the hearth as the Olympians repaired the damage to their thrones and the throne room. Annabeth was proven a traitor and sentenced to Tartarus after her memories were searched and the gods saw she had been a traitor since the beginning with Luke. "Unbelievable." Dionysus muttered, looking up from his Wine Magazine. "I knew something was up with her, i just never thought it was this." He stated, causing everyone to look at him in surprise. "You were paying attention?" Aphrodite exclaimed. "Of course! I don't want the world to fall into disaster, no matter how I act." Once the throne room was repaired, the gods brought all the surviving demigods from the war, along with all the Cyclops and nature spirits who fought, inside the throne room for the reward ceremony. As Zeus droned on and on ["I