A/N: I do not own Percy Jackson or any other content belonging to Rick Riordan. I have plans for an extensive story with ~3500 word updates every week schoolwork permitting. Let me know what you think! Running. Flight. Escape. This had become her life. Never staying in one place long enough to become comfortable, or more importantly leave a permanent trace. She moved with the stars, slowly but surely traversing the globe in an attempt to evade her pursuers. She had been traveling on foot for several hours already, fearful to use her abilities lest she attract attention. Her breathing was quick, but steady, the december air cool to her lungs and bringing with it the faint scent of pine and of the ocean. The countryside had been slowly changing from the rolling hills she had been in for the past couple of days, to dense forests that she hoped would provide more cover, perhaps a longer respite. Her pace slowed, and eventually halted when she came to rest underneath the broad foliage of a massive willow tree. The limbs surrounded her in a dome that promised protection from prying eyes and the cold wind that had begun to become biting as soon as her movement had slowed. She dared not light a fire, but chose instead to rest her legs, slumping against the rough bark of the tree. Her heart finally began to calm, and her breathing returned to a more normal rhythm as she thought of the cause of her problems, and what she could possibly do to resolve them. Her mind worked quickly, analysing her options, and calling upon her substantial education and training to think of anything she could do. She silently cursed to herself as she mentally reviewed her position. The age of the titans had finally come to an end. The world she left was burning, charred and disfigured by the divine powers that had been unleashed in the pursuit of domination. The titans who had remained loyal to Kronos, and a good number of those who had not were quickly being sent to Tartarus, or punished/imprisoned in other ways. She had watched in horror as her family was systematically dismantled and disposed of. The only reason she had been spared long enough to escape was due to her limited power and the gods lack of interest in conquering her domains for the time being. Asteria was the titaness of falling stars and other celestial objects, the daughter of Coeus and Phoebe, and sister of Leto. Her daughter Hecate had been spared punishment for her help in aiding the gods, but she bore little resentment toward her. She had no love for the tyranny of Kronos, nor did she partake in the fight against the gods. The only thing she was guilty of was not betraying her family. Not that she expected the gods to care about that. She had heard of Calypso's punishment before the night of her departure from the ruined mount Othrys. A shiver raced down her spine involuntarily as she thought back to that night, and the confrontation that had forced her into this life of a fleeing refugee. It had been a dark night. Selene, despite her neutrality in the war, was clearly in mourning for the fate of her family. Initially she had been content to hide herself away in the dark recesses of mount Othrys, but soon the vengeful gods began to take apart the mountain, piece by piece, determined to remove every trace of their enemies. The first sign of trouble had been when muffled explosions and tremors had awoken her from a light, fitful sleep. ~ Flashback~ Dust trickled from the stone ceiling, and the faint smell of sulfur caused her nose to crinkle in disgust. Cracks began to form in the walls surrounding her, and flashes of multicolored light accompanied by more explosions of energy shone through irregularly. Fear wormed it's way into her heart, and terror gripped her limbs rendering them immovable. Short, staggered breaths wracked her body, and tears began to form in her eyes. What could she do? An explosion, louder and closer than the others knocked her from her feet and closed off the small skylight that she had been staring through, the only illumination now coming from the thin cracks in the walls. Fear still gripped her, but her survival instincts were stronger. Her body stiffly rose and she began to mechanically walk towards the only remaining exit. She was forced to break through the door, the hinges having been crushed by the shifting mountain. Pieces of the door became caught up in her feet, and she stumbled, catching herself with outstretched hands. Pain flashed through her mind, and she cursed silently, allowing herself to glow faintly to observe the damage. Her hands were scraped, and there was a long, thin gash along her left arm, but thankfully nothing was broken. She got up again and used her uninjured arm to brace herself against the wall before beginning to move once again, this time with a higher degree of caution. It seemed like hours before she finally glimpsed the darkened sky once again. It was another small skylight, but she could see another door that looked promising ahead of her. When she reached the opening, she carefully placed her ear against the wood to listen and tentatively stretched out her senses to see if there was another deity nearby. After several moments of silence from both her senses, punctuated by the sound of more muted blasts from the way she had come, she decided to take her chances and carefully opened the door which, much to her dismay, groaned loudly in protest. Warily, she glanced around the room, muscles tensed in preparation to flee. It was a balcony of sorts, several tall Greek style pillars supported the low ceiling, the walls were a muted forest green, and a low marble guard rail with intricate carvings of plants and nature scenes ringed the curved outside of the room which overlooked the mountainside. The tiled floor had the appearance of fine gravel and dirt interspersed with large round rocks, but it felt like a continuous, even surface that was surprisingly soft to the slowly relaxing titaness. The change in texture was a welcome relief to her tired, sore feet and she decided to take a small rest in the apparent solitude of the small room. A short cushioned bench was on her left against the bare wall, and to her right was a semicircle of stone stools facing a now dark hearth. The ever-burning torches and hearths that littered the mountain had quickly ceased functioning after the defeat of the titans and the gradual departure of their power. She chose to sit on the bench and took several calming breaths before looking once again towards the open night air. A shooting star flashed across the night sky, and she felt a small surge of power at the interaction with her domain. She could tell that the alcove she was in was about halfway up the mountain, and based on what she could see from the sky faced East. She took another look around the room, but her inspection failed to expose any new details. After resting for a few minutes, she took a deep breath and walked to the railing. A thin staircase that had been hidden by the curve of the mountain appeared after a brief examination. Seeing no other viable options, she began to descend into the darkness. The steps were smooth and regular, but not slick and she had slight difficulty distinguishing the outlines. After several hundred feet, they came to an end, the protrusions slowly fading into the side of the mountain. At the base of the steps, she could see a small trail leading away from the mountain, and to what she hoped would be her salvation. She pushed through the vegetation for several more minutes before stumbling into a small clearing, now almost at the base of Othrys. The clearing had a small, almost perfectly circular pool in the middle. The surface of the water was devoid of disturbances, but despite this, she couldn't see anything in the water. A faint glow of light emanated from the pool and the gentle wind blowing through the clearing caressed her face, bringing with it the faint scent of citrus, and something else she couldn't quite identify. The various sounds of nature gradually faded from her perception as she felt drawn to the water's edge and before she realised what she was doing, her feet were almost in the water. With difficulty, she stopped herself from entering the water, her instincts dulley flared speaking to the danger of the pool. The sense of danger was not something like she felt from the presence of a hostile immortal, but more akin to a long fall, or a blazing fire. It didn't seem to be malicious, but rather a force of nature. In the midst of her pondering the implications of the strange feeling, she absentmindedly examined her visage in the pool for the first time in a long while. She had flowing, lightly curled black hair that seemed to pull in the light from the sky, as well as the faint light of the pool and cascaded to just past her shoulder blades. Her face, marred by dust and grime, had a regal beauty none the less. She had a slightly pointed chin, high cheekbones and a small nose the turned up slightly at the tip. Her eyes, however, were the most striking feature she possessed. Her sclera was the pitch black of space, her iris the deep, almost electric, slowly shifting blue of a neutron star, and her pupil was constantly swirling, changing storm of precious metals. She was a respectable height, and though she had never been as muscle bound as titans such as Atlas, she had kept herself fit. Her injuries from earlier had already healed for the most part, a slight skin discoloration the only reminder of her clumsiness. She was wearing a plain white chiton with black sash and belt. A voice, so soft that initially she thought it was the whispering of the wind distracted her from her self inspection. She heard the voice again, still unable to make out words, but recognizing the validity of its existence none the less. "Who's there?" she asked timidly, apprehensive at the thought of being captured, and preparing her muscles in anticipation of making a quick exit. A cursory glance at her surroundings revealed no likely sources for the voice's origin, but her eyes snapped back to the pool as she heard it speak for a third time, echoing from the depths of the water. "Titaness…" the voice spoke, "You are not safe here…" The voice was decidedly feminine, but sounded weak and lacked conviction. Attempting to pierce the gloomy waters with a scrutinizing gaze, Asteria spoke quietly "What do you mean? Who are you?" In response to her questions, a face slowly appeared in the water "My name is Aerolithene, I am the nymph of this pool, which is the result of a long forgotten meteorite strike." the face spoke after slowly breaching the surface. Water droplets coalesced into a roughly humanoid shape, supporting the head of the nymph as she regarded Asteria. "I have little time… My life draws to an end, but with my remaining strength I wish to help you, my lady. My life was formed because of your domains. My soul is bound to the piece of metal that fell to the earth, but this pool that formed my physical body will soon be no more. I will use what is left of my strength to grant you my blessing." Aerolithene continued, and raised one of her arms toward the stunned titaness. Before she could begin to protest, a beam of copper light shot into Asteria, striking her in the chest