A/N: This is the first story I started writing and it's really more of a one-shot that I felt like writing to get to a specific scene in order to talk about a concept I would love to hear you guys' thoughts and opinions about it. The battle for the Empire State Building was raging thousands of feet below him, but Percy had neither the time nor inclination to heed the cacophony of violent sound emanating from the viscous battle. Before him lay the smoking ruins of Olympus. An eerie silence enveloped the place like a blanket of fresh snow. Even the fountains seem to have been disabled, removing the once ever-present gurgling of water. A diminutive house he could only assume belonged to a minor god lay before him in shambles. The blackened remains of the roof showed a decorative trim in the pattern of waves and rain, and what was left of the outer walls were painted a muted sea green. "One of dad's friends maybe?" He mused as he slowly shook himself and continued on. Percy knew Annabeth was still trailing him from the small gasps of horror and shock which emanated from the young demigod every few yards. The path taken by Kronos wasn't exactly hard to follow. A sense of dread began to consume his thoughts and emotions as he moved deeper into the city. After what seemed like hours traversing the desolate landscape of the once proud residence of the gods, their destination appeared in front of them. The throne room of the gods lay before them, and Percy's dread only seemed to heighten at the sight. The once beautiful gates had been torn asunder, both now lying dented on the threshold. As they approached the entrance, the sound of maniacal laughter drifted to their ears in Luke's strange double-voice that had developed after he became a host to the titan lord and they increased their pace. The sight that greeted them beyond the doors sent a chill of fear into the demigods and stopped them in their tracks. For the most part, little had changed from the last time Percy had been before the gods, other than the fact that none of the thrones were occupied and a familiar figure resided in the room instead. Kronos stood before the throne of Zeus with his scythe slowly and methodically carving pieces from the marble and destroying them. "You are too late, foolish demigods!" he said without taking his eyes from the task at hand. "You cannot save your pathetic gods from my wrath! I have spent far too long in the pit, and I will have my revenge." The words snapped Percy from his passive state and he instinctively drew and uncapped Riptide. "Don't you think it's a little early to be celebrating Kronos?" he said in what he hoped was a defiant tone of voice. He knew they had little to no chance to defeat the titan, but he also knew he wouldn't give up and leave his friends to die. If they could just distract him for long enough, perhaps help would come. The son of Poseidon could only hope that the olympians would be able to defeat Typhon before he crushed what remained of Olympus and their seats of power. Annabeth, seeming to draw a semblance of courage from her friend's words drew her dagger and crouched into a ready stance. The thought of not facing this seemingly impossible scenario alone returned a bit of energy and determination to Percy as he prepared to make his move. Kronos carved another large section of the throne, almost entirely removing the armrest, before slowly turning to face them. His eyes, pits of swirling gold, only served to further unnerve the demigods facing him. "Do not think to challenge me children! Surrender now and your deaths shall be quick." Kronos sneered. Percy took this as the signal to attack, and began to sprint toward the waiting titan. Before he could cover even half the distance, his movements slowed to a crawl and eventually to a halt. "A foolish, if not predictable choice of action sea-spawn." Kronos spat at him with a hint of amusement in his eyes. "Though I am somewhat relieved that you chose the painful death." He continued with a sadistic smile contorting his scarred face. Percy gave everything he had to try and overcome the grasp the titan lord had over him, but to no avail. Slowly Kronos began to stalk forwards to where the son of Poseidon was frozen in mid stride. Percy could only watch in horrified fascination as his once friend drew to within striking distance and raised his weapon. "I may not know where your Achilles point is yet, but I have all the time in the world to figure it out!" Kronos said gleefully. Before he could begin to slash at the frozen demigod, Annabeth stepped in between them having somehow managed to break free. "Please Luke! Is this what you really want‽ Is getting revenge on the gods worth this much to you, that you would murder your friends‽" she cried as tears began to roll down her dirty face. In response to her words, Kronos seemed to falter. His eyes briefly lost their golden color and his weapon began to shake in his hand. "Annabeth, I need you to give me your dagger!" Luke's voice said through gritted teeth. "Please, I can't hold him back for long, but I can stab myself in the Achilles point. If you try to do it he'll be able to stop you, you have to trust me!" He panted, clearly in pain and beginning to tire from the effort of wresting control from the being using him as a host. Without hesitation, Annabeth reached forward and handed Luke her knife, watching in awe as Luke's hand took the weapon and slowly and shakily brought it to his side, preparing to plunge it in just below his armpit. "Thank you Annabeth, and you as well Percy… I wish things could have been different" Luke said with tears in his eyes. "I'll make sure everyone learns of your heroism Luke. I'll do everything in my power to make sure the minor gods and goddesses are treated right, and demigods don't get neglected anymore" Percy said with conviction "I suppose this is goodbye then, tell Thalia I'm sorry." Luke said before the blade crashed into his side and… shattered. Unbelievably loud laughter exploded from the teen's form as he took in the astonished faces of the demigods before him. "Did you really think that a mere demigod host would be able to take control away from me for so long? It is not a matter of willpower or determination, but of POWER." the titan said, emphasising his last word with a burst of energy that knocked Percy and Annabeth off of their feet and threw them across the room before they were once again trapped in time. Percy was at a loss at the events that had taken place. His mind reeled at the sudden change in situation. Just when he had started to believe that victory was possible, and that there was a chance something could be salvaged from this day of heartbreak and loss, his world had once again been shattered. He could see the devastated expression on Annabeth's face as she experienced similar emotions. Percy tried to find a way to win, a way to use what he had to overcome his enemy, but his mind seemed to betray him, and despite it's frantic searching, it remained blank. "I see that I have upset you, young demigods, let me complete the process of breaking you." Kronos said, his eyes having returned to their previous golden hue and an evil smile adorned his lips. Before them appeared an image similar to an Iris message. What it showed caused what blood that remained to drain from the heroes faces. The olympians were battling Typhon, and they were losing. Badly. Zeus was hurling lightning bolts with frightening power every few seconds, but they seemed to have no effect on the towering monster beyond lightening it's gruesome visage. The towering monster manifested mostly in a form surrounded by dark clouds. What wasn't hidden was his hands which seemed to have a hundred fingers that were tipped with red-eyed serpent heads that writhed and hissed. Wings could be seen protruding from the back of the massive creature. They seemed to be of a leathery consistency, some sort of cross between a bat wing and that of a bird. It's face was unidentifiable as it continuously shifted from one ghastly appearance to the next, each more terrible than the one before. The demigods could only watch in mute horror as the monster approached the city, swatting away the gods like flies. A silver chariot pulled by what looked like reindeer was pummeled from the sky with a muffled boom and Apollo's golden chariot followed it's descent. With the loss of the twin archers, all hope seemed to be lost as Typhon approached the Hudson River. Upon stepping foot into the river, a loud horn was heard, and an army sprang from the murky depths. The soldiers of Poseidon swarmed over the gargantuan beast, with cyclopes hefting enormous bronze chains, straining with all their might to hold the beast in place. Mermen and other residents of the underwater city did the best they could to pound away at Typhon's joints in order to weaken him. Amongst the commotion, the last remaining hundred-handed one could also be seen among the cyclopeses, holding chains with a majority of his appendages, while the rest hurled large pieces of rock and debris. The monster roared in pain and indignation as a portal began to form in front of him, leading straight into the depths of Tartarus. As Typhon began to fall towards the opening, there was a loud crack as one of the larger chains snapped suddenly under the strain. Time seemed to stand still on either side of the viewing mist in the throne room. Kronos continued to watch the events with a guarded expression, and Percy and Annabeth couldn't even begin to form coherent thoughts about what they were seeing. Typhon's descent slowed noticeably, and his struggles renewed in their intensity as he fought against the weakened restraints. The remaining gods and goddesses circling above the monster did their best to support the soldiers of Poseidon, but the might of the child of Gaea could not be overcome. With another roar, and earsplitting cracks that resounded throughout the city, the remaining restraints cracked and were broken. The energy keeping the portal to Tartarus open soon dissipated, and Typhon continued his inexorable march toward the city of olympus and the viewing mist dissipated. There was no reason to continue to watch what was inevitable, their last hope of defeating the monster had been dashed. Kronos' cold laughter resounded through the throne room. "A clever ploy to use the forces of the sea god to overcome Typhon, but it would appear that your gamble has not paid out" The titan spoke and his eyes flashed dangerously. "Now that that is finished, it's time to clean up some loose ends." Kronos continued as he approached the frozen demigods. He began to twirl his scythe and stopped as he arrived at Percy's position. "Do your worst grandfather, I do not fear death!" Percy spat, looking defiantly into the swirling golden eyes before him. "As you wish, Perseus." Kronos said with a mock bow followed by raising his weapon, only to move behind the stunned demigod towards Annabeth who whimpered in fear. "NO! KRONOS COME BACK HERE!" Percy shouted in desperation, pouring all his power and energy into the words and his renewed struggles against the forces holding him in place. What was seemingly an immovable object keeping him restrained before began to instead feel more like he was moving through thick