Chapter One The Proposition A/N: Welcome everybody! I cannot believe that this will be my third fanfic I've posted. Harry Potter has been a series that has been there for my life. I've read the books, watched the movies, built the LEGO sets, and am now creating my first HP fanfic. I know I've stated that I would concentrate on my other stories that are on my profile, but this is something that's been plaguing my mind for some time and I wanted to work on the story and see how it plays out. I hope everyone enjoys! Disclaimer: Harry Potter, nor any characters mentioned, belong to me, other than any OC's I create. The right to claim Harry Potter and the entire Wizarding World belongs to the brilliant J. K. Rowling. ~ oOo ~ With a slight breeze brushing the aged willow tree leaves against the window, a small, black feline jumped upon the window edge and purred within the depths of its ebony chest. A hand reached out towards the feline and brushed behind its ears, causing the cat to purr even more. With another brush of wind, the cat jumped from its original perch and onto the lap of a young woman lounging in a comfortable armchair. The female glanced away from the book she held in her hands and continued to scratch the creature, smoothing the fur along the feline's back. Reacting towards the sensation, the cat outstretched its paw and gently tapped the women's cheek, who only chuckled and smiled even more. "Oh Merlin, you lovely creature. If I keep petting you, I'll never be able to read. Does that sound fair?" The woman spoke and the feline only blinked in her direction. Chuckling again, the woman picked up her book once more and the feline curled on the female's legs in an attempt to fall asleep. The book that was in her lap was title Rethinking the Advanced Making of Medicinal Potions . With a pencil in hand, she annotated all notes within the margins and underlined important passages she would like to view later; with her background in various subjects, she wanted to expand her knowledge on currently known potions to see if she could change their nature to become more potent, efficient, and possibly, less time-consuming. She had read several more pages when she suddenly heard the familiar hoot of an owl soaring nearby. The female focused her attention on her book until the chirping of an owl grew louder until a sleek barn owl perched itself on the open ledge. Smiling, she marked her page, closed the book and stood; Merlin growled annoyingly as he lost his comfortable position of her lap. Stroking the owl's feather along the back of its neck, the beautiful creature gently nipped her finger, dropping a signed letter in the process. Grasping the letter, she wasn't surprised that it was labeled with her name on the parchment envelope. Returning to her seat, she took a quick drink of water before turning the letter over; her eyes slightly widened as she recognized the wax insignia that belonged to Hogwarts. Now why would I be receiving a letter from my old school? Opening the letter, she quickly recognized the old handwriting and smiled. Dear Aurora-Nyx Warrington, I hope this letter finds you well, my dear, and that your time since leaving Hogwarts has been treating you well. Reading this, you must be wondering why I have owled a letter. If you would please join me for some tea and a nice conversation, I wish to speak with you, face to face. Later this afternoon, at exactly 2:30 pm, please meet me in office; I await to see you there. Sincerely, Albus Percival Wulfric Brian Dumbledore Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry Headmaster Reading, and rereading, the letter several times, Aurora scratched the back of her head in confusion, questioning the motive behind the random letter from her old Headmaster. Noting the time of the meeting he stated, Aurora glanced at the clock on her wall and smirked; shaking her head, she really had to give it to Dumbledore as the clock stated one in the afternoon . He must have planned this purposefully , she thought. Regardless of what he must want, it would be nice to see Dumbledore, and my old school as well . Placing the letter back into its envelope, Aurora reached inside a small container on her bedside nightstand, Aurora retrieved an owl treat and gave it to the awaiting creature that still stood on windowsill. Chirping, the owl swallowed its treat, opened its grand wings and flew back to the owlery on the Hogwarts grounds. Petting Merlin before he decided to follow her, Aurora left her room and walked down the stairs of the house she lived in with her mother. As she walked down the stairs, she could hear her mother and her caretaker speaking within the kitchen about the latest Quidditch match and who they were betting on to enter the Quidditch World Cup. Snickering, Aurora walked down into the kitchen and grabbed a water from the fridge before either of the two ladies noticed her presence. As she sat down at the table, her mother tuned and stated, "Aurora! My goodness, I didn't hear you come down!" Smiling in her mother's direction, Aurora took a long drink before she answered. "Sorry. I came down to let you know that I'll be stepping out for a bit." Turning away from the stove, Rose – her mother's caretaker – asked, "Leaving? Where to missy?" Smiling, Aurora couldn't help but laugh at Rose. Several years ago, while she was working at St. Mungo's, she met Rose during her time learning the ways of a Healer. A few years after she had graduated from Hogwarts, her mother's health gradually declined, Aurora hired on Rose as a personal caretaker to watch over her mother as her work, after she left St. Mungo's, led her to leave London altogether for several months at a time. "You wouldn't believe me even if I told you." Raising an eyebrow, Rose gave her own smirked and said, "After some of the stories you've come home with? Try me." "Alright. I received a letter from Professor Dumbledore asking to speak with me at Hogwarts this afternoon." Her mother only smiled as Rose nearly dropped the spoon she was holding. "He owled you? When?" "Just now." "And you're gonna go, right?" Staring at Rose, Aurora has to laugh. "Of course I'm gonna go. I have no idea what he wants to see me for." "This may be a good opportunity for you, Aurora," her mother stated sweetly. Rising from her chair, Aurora bent down and kissed her mother's cheek and stated that she would be back later this afternoon, but to not be surprised if she returned later than expected. Nodding towards Rose, Aurora made her way back up towards her bedroom to glance at her appearance in the mirror. Her hair was slightly wavy, but the witch decided to place the brunette waves into a pony tail; her converse, jeans and black t-shirt, with a Pepper-Up Potion insignia, would have to do as she still wanted to be herself when she met her old Headmaster. Wrapping her black traveling coat around her shoulders, Aurora closed the window before deciding to apparate to her destination; with a POP , the witch lost sight of her bedroom and soon found her vision focusing on the stone courtyard of Hogwarts. Standing where her apparition led her, Aurora stared up at the large clocktower that also served as the main entrance into the castle; an eyebrow raised in question and confusion . I shouldn't have been able to apparate this close to the castle. Did Dumbledore let down any wards to allow my entrance? The witch was suddenly overcome with a rush for forgotten memories and lost feelings. Turning in her spot, Aurora could see her younger self walking across the stone courtyard, books in hand, walking off to her Care of Magical Creatures class; an even younger self standing near the Quidditch Pitch wishing that she could be on the House Team; and a girl in her seventh, and final, year at Hogwarts standing where she was now looking back on everything that had happened and what would occur in the future. Taking a deep breath, the witch stepped through the clock tower entrance and sucked in a deep breath. The castle held different forms of memories that were encased within Aurora, and the moment she stepped through, she was taken back to the day she had received her Hogwarts letter. Chuckling, Aurora pushed those memories deep within herself as this was not the place to become emotional; she had to meet Dumbledore and question why he, all of a sudden, wanted to have tea and a conversation with her. On swift legs, Aurora twisted through the castle, remembering every corner, each nook and cranny, and all the secret passages she and her friends used to maneuver across all level of the castle. Memory after memory coursed through her mind'; she saw teachers, friends, and even those she didn't care all that much for. Looking at the watch on her wrist, she noted there was more than enough time to stop by the Fat Lady Portrait that guarded the Gryffindor Common Room. Reaching the Grand Staircase, Aurora flew up seven flights of stairs, admiring portraits of old and those that were not there the last time she was a Hogwarts student. Each portrait waved "hello", causing the witch to smile eve more and wave in return. It took the witch some time, but she finally made her way to The Fat Lady. Stepping in front of the large portrait, The Fat Lady's eyes widened as she spoke. "Why, a graduate student from Gryffindor. What brings you here, my lady?" "Dumbledore has asked to speak with me. I arrived earlier than needed and thought I'd come say hello. It has been some time." "Yes, it has my dear. However, there is someone inside about to leave who you would probably like to see again." Raising an eyebrow, Aurora questioned who it could be. But before she could speak or utter a word, The Fat Lady opened her portrait door and all Aurora could see was a very familiar green velvet cloak, and a black pointy hat. Aurora smiled and immediately blurted, "Professor McGonagall!" The elder, but most prestigious witch Aurora knew, swiftly turned her head towards the unexpected voice, but her spectacled vision softened when she recognized an old student and former member of her house. "Aurora-Nyx Warrington. My, my what a pleasure it is to see you, my dear!" Minerva stepped forward and pulled her former student into a hug; Aurora grasped her old professor tightly before pulling away. "Professor, it is good to see you looking so well. It's only been about ten years but you look as radiant as ever." Minerva chuckled and wrapped a loose piece of hair behind her air. "Oh, my dear, no need for such candor; though it is much appreciated. But honestly, I did not expect to see you here this early, as you have stated, ten years after you have left school. What brings you here?" So, she spent several minutes explaining to her old Professor and Head of House the reason for the visit and the spare time she had, thus why she was at The Fat Lady's portrait. When she finished, Aurora sighed in frustration for the lack of understanding for the random occurrence. Smirking, Minerva patted her old student's shoulder. "Does it make you feel better to know that I know the reason Professor Dumbledore has requested to see you?" Aurora nodded her head and looked with a question on her face; but Minerva was not about to spill the secret. "Well, let me take you to the Headmaster's Office." Briskly walking