September 31st, 1927, Potter Cottage, Potterne Wick, Wiltshire A sense of wholeness enveloped Fleamont as he watched his son gurgling with a gummy smile in his crib. He found a part of him that he didn't know was missing until he met little Charlus. He leaned forward a bit, admiring how his son's dark brown curls were growing out in a haphazard fashion. He inherited that much from me, at least… His son looked more Nott than Potter at this stage. If he hadn't watched Charlus come out of Euphie with his own two eyes, he would have thought he and his cousin Theodore were twins. Not to say that he wasn't pleased with the development. He hoped that they would grow to be close as brothers one day. One of Charlus' little hands reached out and pulled on his goatee. Fleamont was surprised at the strength behind the tug and barely suppressed a grimace. His face must have twitched, regardless, as Charlus giggled and his cloudy grey eyes widened with glee. Just like his mother...Always reveling in my discomfort... Charlus' giggles were joined by teasing laughter from the doorway. "Only two moons old and already keeping you in line..." Her tone grew more morose. "...We should have tried for one sooner." Euphie entered the nursery still dressed in her bathrobe. Her auburn hair was, as of yet, uncombed and its current state mimicked Fleamont's untamable black locks. He liked to think she left it unkempt until late morning in solidarity with his plight, but the workings of Euphemia's mind were a mystery to most. Herself included... Charlus mercifully released his facial hair as he straightened himself to acknowledge his wife. "You know why we couldn't do that, besides...I didn't think you were ready, Euphie." "I was ready for a long time." She lifted an eyebrow as she walked towards him across the dark, wood floors. "You just had to ask." She put one arm around Fleamont's shoulder and gave him a quick kiss on the cheek as she joined him in standing over the baby's crib. They spent a few seconds admiring Charlus before she continued. "But I think we both know that wasn't likely to happen..." She tilted her head to whisper in his ear. "...and I was tired of waiting." Fleamont's heart both tightened and soared at her words. He felt suffocating guilt that he had wasted years of their marriage agonizing over what could have been, but also immense joy and comforting satisfaction that he had found love, if quite belatedly, in their arranged coupling. He wrapped his arm around her waist, pulling her closer and gently pressing his lips to hers, hoping his actions could convey what he couldn't find the words to say. Judging by the soft smile on Euphie's face as he pulled away, she understood. As they were about to continue their displays of affection, Charlus reminded them of his presence with an emphatic "Ehh!". Euphie chuckled as she separated herself from him to look down at their son. "He'll be a great prefect someday; dragging couples out of broom closets with self-righteous zeal..." Charlus was looking up at both of them with a curious expression that seemed oddly stern and mature. The infant's composure wavered, however, when he was distracted by a rivulet of drool running down his chin. "Charming,..." Fleamont drawled. He had never liked being around other people's babies or children, but Fleamont loved his son, so he supposed that he would have to get used to it. "Just like you, Flea." She picked up Charlus and wiped his mouth with her sleeve. Watching his wife fuss over their son, Fleamont relished the warm feeling in his chest as he experienced this brief moment of familial bliss. He was hardly surprised when the moment was interrupted by a light popping sound, marking the arrival of Tilly. The small house elf apparated to the left of Fleamont. "There's being a floo call for Master in his study." the little creature spoke in a quiet voice as if torn between staying quiet and relaying important information. She's still used to Father... Fleamont sighed in resignation. "Who is it from, Tilly?" She tilted her head and twitched her ears slightly."It is being from Mister Dumbledore, Master." Great...Perfect timing as always, old friend… "What does he want?" Fleamont doubted that Albus, egalitarian tendencies aside, would leave any message to be relayed by a house elf, but one can always hope things can simplify themselves without intervention on his behalf. It's never happened...but sooner or later it ought to… "He just said that he'd be wanting to talk to Master privately in his study. He wouldn't be saying anything else to Tilly." Fleamont barely bit back a groan. Noticing Fleamont's state of minor distress, Euphie took the initiative. "Wonderful...I suppose it's up to me to keep my brother occupied when he arrives, then?," She asked him. Fleamont gave her a firm nod in thanks. "Please do and floo ahead to tell him to come through the grate in the parlor, if possible." As she placed Charlus back in his crib and walked out of the room, he turned his attention back to Tilly. "Let Albus through and offer him tea." Tilly nodded enthusiastically. "Will Master be wanting Tilly to take him to the study?" "No, Thank you. I need time to clear my head anyway." Fleamont also hated house elf apparition. It was impossible to apparate directly into or within the estate, so he had accepted Tilly's assistance on a single unfortunate occasion to quickly access the library. Never again... Tilly left with a pop and Fleamont checked to make sure Charlus was comfortable. He found his son in a state of fitful sleep. Fleamont counted himself lucky that Charlus was an easy baby to take care of and tended to fall asleep even when a conversation was held in his midst. As he left the room and headed towards his study, he tried to work through the possible reasons for Albus' visit. The most obvious reason was, conversely, the least likely. He doubted Albus would have come alone if he knew anything of importance. A social call was equally unlikely. Although he no doubt considered Fleamont a friend, he would have to be either moronic or oblivious not to notice the strain on their relationship. Albus was, most assuredly, neither. Despite his odd proclivities... He opened the double doors to his study to find Albus sipping a cup of earl grey while lounging in the heavily upholstered chair opposite of Fleamont's desk. His attire was downright conservative compared to his usual tastes, wearing flowing robes in an otherwise unadorned sickly shade of orange and forgoing his customary starry blue cap. "Ah, Flea, I do hope that I'm not interrupting any of your work." He had a serene smile on his face; his default state unless something appropriately traumatic was occurring. He doubted that Albus found the decor of the study very soothing. Few did. The room gave off an oppressive aura with exclusively dark hues, whether they be black, grey, or green, colouring the walls and furniture. Ancient artifacts, weapons, tomes and skulls of varying sizes littered the shelves. He had placed the cursed artifacts from previous generations of Potters in a more secure location, leaving the harmless, but still unsettling, objects in full view. It made for quite a macabre display, but its usefulness for satisfying clients from the old families could not be understated. His ancestors were as fond of the color black as they were of the Dark Arts, as all of the exposed wood, with the exception of Fleamont's new desk, was ebony. The mantel of the fireplace was no different except for the carvings of snakes, large and small, woven throughout the wood, each one representing a patriarch of the family. Father's will be the size of a flobberworm if he's lucky… Each snake was carved by the son upon their fathers' deaths. It was intended to be a stark reminder of the difference between pride and vanity, but as a student of his family's history he knew that his forefathers rarely took the lesson to heart. Directly above the mantel, a shield bearing the family crest of the House of Potter rested in front of two crossed, rusty swords. It was a simple but symbolic design: a large green snake with its fangs bared draped protectively over a white triangle on a dark grey field. Fleamont felt rather grateful that none of his predecessors thought it was a good idea to have a pot as their sigil. I always enjoy a good pun and canting arms are no exception, but a pot hardly strikes fear into one's enemies… It was a testament to how often he visited over the years that Albus showed no discomfort at the decidedly morbid atmosphere and made himself at home. The frequency of his visits had been waning recently as they settled into their choice of careers and found that the things they had in common were slowly dwindling. They no longer had the deep sense of camaraderie that they once shared, but he considered Albus to still be one of his closest confidants. Fleamont smiled at his friend. "Nonsense, Albus. Even if I was working, I would gladly tolerate an interruption...Even one's passions can get tedious, given enough time." He moved his chair around his desk to rest directly across from Albus', ignoring the rather large desk in the center of the room. He had never liked of the desk in his study. Fleamont would have preferred something less ostentatious than the silver-embellished, polished mahogany monstrosity that currently sat there, but it was a family heirloom and it would be vain to part with it just because he was not particularly fond of it. "Ah...I do so appreciate a good cup of tea." Albus started with a grin, but his expression quickly turned serious. "You wouldn't happen to have gotten any sherbet lemons since I last visited, have you? I'm afraid I've grown quite partial to them." Fleamont nearly snorted at the understatement. "I have not, but if you can honestly tell me you haven't eaten one in the last hour, I'll swallow my wand." Fleamont held in his disdain at the prospect of his friend eating something made by muggles. How unsanitary... Albus shook his head. "My apologies to your digestive tract, but the last few months have been completely devoid of all things sweet." "You'll forgive me if I don't follow through on my promise, then," Fleamont deadpanned hoping Albus would reach some semblance of a point soon. "Of course, of course...Not all promises can realistically be kept, after all." Albus' face turned grim. Ah...So this is what it's about then... "You can tell Longbottom that my answer is still no, and it won't change just because he had you ask me." Fleamont sighed. "I have no desire to join the department when I have my own business to run and a family to think about. You're the one who made the promise, by the way. I merely said that I'd 'try' if I recall correctly." Albus didn't even look surprised that he had sussed out the reason for his visit so quickly. They knew each other too well. "I understand, Flea. I really do; I broke the same promise, albeit for different reasons, but a favor is a favor and I had to make the attempt." Albus slumped slightly in his chair. "With recent events in America and his subsequent escape, you can understand why Harfang's so eager to get his hands on as many good wizards as he can, especially ones who are familiar with the current threat." ' familiar with the current threat'...Heh...That's rich coming from you, Albus… "It wasn't so long ago that he espoused similar views to the ones of the man he's trying to hunt down...," Fleamont mused. Albus interrupted swiftly. "He's operating