Iwas standing a bright room in front of a fire place. I felt safe, and warm. I heard music, and turn around. Lots of people dancing, and laughing, smiling. I could not be more happy. I felt strong arms come from behind me, holding me from the waist. " A beautiful lady, like yourself, should not be in the corner by herself." A male voice whisper in my ear. Feeling his breath sliding down to my neck, sending vibrations throughout my body. I felt the nice, warm touch of his lips on my temple. I turn around not being able to bare closeness anymore. His arms still wrap around me while I turn to face this man. He was tall, and built. I look up into his eyes. They are a beautiful color of gold, with a ring of green around them. He smile at me. I could feel my heart jumping out of my chest. He had beautiful brown, golden. His hair had the messy look, and it made him look edgy, and even more sexy. I could not help from thinking who this man was. " You look confused Anajolie?" I bit my bit, his voice was so sexy, deep, and had a little accent to it. I wrap my hand around his neck, and kiss him. The feel of his lips on mine was electrifying. He kiss me back, softly. I heard him whisper my name, and made the kiss more forceful. His tough working into my mouth, and he taste so good. I wanted to touch him everywhere. " Anna" Someone shouted my name. I wanted to keep this moment, with this man. I did not want to go anywhere. " Anna, wake up?" I ease up on the kiss, and saw the mind blowing smile again. He lean his head down to my ear, and whisper " Soon, my love, you will see me." I slowly open my eyes, not wanting to wake up. Jeremy was leading over me, shaking my arm. "Anna, are you awake now?" He ask me, I slap his arm off of my arm. "Ouch!" Serves him right. I thought. "What was that for?" He ask me. I sat up from my desk, shaking my head. I was mad, and Jeremy was a target. "You woke me up" I practically yell at him. Jeremy mouth flow open, stun by what I said. "I thought I would help you out, before Mr. Jackson saw you sleeping. You sleep doing the whole move Ann." I look at the clock, and saw it was 2:15pm. Five minutes of school left. My anger wash over me, and I was move disappointed. "Thanks Jeremy. I'm sorry, I was just having a good dream." Jeremy giggle. "I could tell." Mr. Jackson walk towards us. He stop right at Jeremy's desk. "It's there something you would like to tell the whole class Mr. Hall." Jeremy shook his head no. Right at the moment the bell rung. Save by the bell literally. I left at my own little remark in my head. I grab my backpack, and started for the door. Jeremy came up to my side, putting his arm around my shoulders. "Anna, you can confuse to me?" I smirk at him. "Confuse about what?" He slide his hand through his hair. "About you dreaming of me" I elbow him in the ribs, and walked a little faster. "Come on Anna, I was just joking." Anna stop, and look back at him. "I know, call me later." She kept on walking, to her car. She walk to her old blue 96' Buick Century station wagon. Anna love her car. It was a old, but she work for it. She save up on the money she could, and bought old blue by herself. She was proud of her car. She got in and turn her car on. She back up from her parking place, and started to the road. Anna finally got room, and just wanted to be alone in her room. She walked into the house. Her mother was on the computer. "Hi, mom" Her mom tilted her head, she look very worried. "What's wrong?" Anna ask her mother. "Nothing Anna, we will be having a special guest for supper tonight. " "Really?" "Yes, I just thought I would tell you." Anna nodded. "Who is it?" "Well, his name is Lucas." Anna cut off her mother. "Ok Mom, I'm going to my room. I'm swap with homework." Anna did not really have a lot of homework. She just wanted to be by herself, and not caring who was coming for supper. "Ok dear, but we need to talk later." Anna nodded. She walk up the stairs, and went into her room. She sat her backpack on her bed, and open it. She grab her CD case out, and flip through it. She wanted to listen to something that would cheer her up. She been a little moody today. Maybe I'm getting my period soon. She thought. She grab a mix cd, and put in her stereo. It was a old cd, but she felt like listening to something old. She turn up the music. She turn around, and walk toward the tall mirror that was by her bed. She look at herself. Anna pull down her hair that was in a ponytail. She tease her fingers through her hair. Anna had dark brown curly hair. She like her hair. It would part from the side, and flow nice, and fluffy. The curls towards shape her face perfectly. She felt like getting dress up, and going out somewhere. I'm almost eighteen, why not? She thought. She went towards her closest, and scan for something to change in. She grab a cute red v-neck top. It was glittery on the top, and was long. She then grab, black pants. She look down at her shoes, and decided to put on her favorite pair of snow boots. They were black, with fur on the top, and to balls of fur that hung down. Of course it was fake fur, because Anna hated the idea of having a dead animal on her. She grab her clothes, and ran to the bathroom. She turn the shower on, and undressed. She step into the shower, and clean up. She step out, and dress in her outfit that she picked out. She walk out of the bathroom, after putting her clothes on. Her bedroom was right across from her room. She walk to her dresser, and fix her hair. She clip her hair in the back, having half up, and half down. Letting the long curls take place. She grab her make up bag, and fix up her face. She put her boots on, and step in front of the floor length mirror. She turn around, happy of the outcome. She grab her phone, and dial Jeremy. "Hey baby, what's up?" "I wanna go out tonight." "Yeah, we could go to the underage club." She smile. "Great, but that does not open till six, so be ready in an hour." "Ok babe, I'll come get you." "Ok see ya" "Anna?" "Ya?" "Look sexy for me" Jeremy started to laugh. "Whatever" She hung up the phone. She could not wait to get out of the house. She heard a knock on the door. "Come in" The door open, and her mom stood at the door way. "Going somewhere Anna?" Anna nodded. "Yeah, Jeremy is coming to get me in a hour or so." Her mother look down staring at the floor. "Anna, we need to talk." "Ok mom" Her mom walk in the bedroom over to the bed, and sat down. "Well, Anna. I wanted to talk to you about your father. I know you don't really care for the subject. Well, when I meet your father, we became best friends. It was not till high school when we started to date. I always loved him, and I knew that I would marry him one day." Please do not be giving the sex talk. Anna thought. "Well, your father love me too. He held back a lot, because he was afraid." That caught Anna's attention. "Afraid of what mom?" She asked. "Of telling me what he was." Her mom started to shake her head. "I'm not sure how to tell you Anna, I guess I been pushing it off." "What mom?" Anna lend toward her mother. "Well, have you been feeling a little different lately. Like mood swings, maybe weird dreams, better smell, better vision?" Her mother asked. "Well, a little" Anna confused. "Like what?" "Well, I been a little moody, and been dreaming these crazy dreams." Her mother stood up. "Anna, your father was a werewolf." Anna jaw drop. What the hell? Is she joking? "Mom!" "He was a werewolf, and a king. Your uncle took over after he died. From what your father told me, you change after your eighteen birthday, and that's when you find your mate. Usually, when you are from a royal family, your mate is from a royal family also. You start to have these dreams of each other. It's like a telepathic pull, that comes like a dream." Anna was speechless. Her mother kept going on. "Only royal families have extra powers, and they start to act up before your change. You might of notice, since your birthday is in 2 weeks." "Mom, your crazy. Are you trying to pull something on me" Anna yell, and stood up. She was shaking her head. "It's true Anna." Anna shook her head. "So are you a werewolf too?" "No Anna" "Then how could my father be with you?" "Sometimes, your mate is not a werewolf." Anna did not want to hear this anymore. She walk out of her room, and headed for the stairs. "Anna, wait" Her mother yell behind her. "I have to leave for a while." She head down the stairs, and walk to the closet to grab her coat. "Hello, Anajolie it is nice to finally meet you in person." Anna stop, she knew this voice. She was too afraid to turn around. Oh my god! What the hell? Should I turn around? She thought. She took a breath, and slowly turn around. The man in her dreams was standing right in front of her. Her eyes grew wide, in shock. I'm going crazy! He smile at her. "My name is Lucas. Lucas Lachempala." "Holy shit" Lucas eyes stare at her in amusement. He shook his head. "Well, I was not expecting for you to say that." "Your in my head" "Excuse me" "Not real, have to go" She throw her coat on, and headed towards the door. She open it up, and storm out. She heard her mother's voice yelling her name, but she ignore it. She kept walking down the street. She needed to clear her head. She zip her coat up, feeling cold. What the hell is going on with me? How the hell was the man in my dreams standing in front of me? What the hell was is name? Lucas, yeah Lucas. I wanted to run up to him, and he smelled so good. She hear footsteps coming behind her. Anna look back, seeing Lucas running up. He ran up in front of her, and started to walk backwards facing her. "Anna, what's wrong?" She smirk at him. "Well, I'm surprise you have to ask me that." "Anna, I know it's a lot to take in. I did tell you I was coming." Anna stop walking looking him up and down. "You're a dream, I made you up. I'm just going crazy, and imaging you." "I can assure you, I'm not Illusion." Anna folded her arms, and shook her head. "Prove it then" She demanded. Lucas smile, and step closer to her. Anna just stare at him. He smells so good. He reach out and touch her check. Anna hesitated, and started to