Twilight characters belong to Stephenie Meyer Title: Muddy Bird Author: Savanna van Smutsmut from Beta: Dollybigmomma from Banner maker: Jules Meghan Rated: NC-17 for sexual situations Summary: Geeky Edward is frustrated with a girl in the library that sits at his table everyday keeping him from chatting with his online best friend, DirtySwan. That stupid girl was at my favorite table again, and I had to wait her out. It was the only quiet table at the library. Ironic, I know. Since it was a library, they all should have been quiet, but they weren't. They all had noisy foot traffic that passed them, except that one table. It was off to the side a little, so no one walked past it. It was the perfect place to take advantage of the free wireless network and send a note to my girl. I hadn't met her yet, but she was beautiful. I just knew it. She was so dang funny, witty and smart. I'd had to cover my mouth with my hand more than once to keep from laughing out loud. She was perfect for me, and she'd been hinting at meeting me. We'd never mentioned any sort of physical characteristics. I didn't know why it had never come up, but it hadn't. We were always too busy ranting about the latest movie or comic, and occasionally, she'd mention a professor. I'd had Professor Banner last year, and she had him this year. She kept me up to date on his latest toupee disaster. That was the only hint I had that she was here. She'd given it away on accident, and when I asked about his runaway hair, she'd known exactly what I was talking about and confirmed he was her professor. She was on campus with me, I just didn't know where. Since we'd confirmed we were nearby, and in fact on the same campus, we'd subtly batted around the idea of meeting. We'd mentioned campus activities, and we'd both attend them, but we'd never meet because we didn't know who the other person was. It was crazy, because we'd go and then we'd get online and talk about what we thought about the concert, game or party, but we didn't know if we'd passed the other person, or if we'd maybe sat next to them. I wondered about that sometimes, and I'd get frustrated, because I felt like I should have been able to just look at her and know it was her, but I couldn't. I was about ready to stomp over to the brunette and tell her to move it. DirtySwan was always on at this time, and I'd always just miss her. We'd tried to catch each other, but we were never able to line up our times. I'd literally missed her by one minute on several occasions. It was maddening, and all because of this stupid girl who wouldn't leave my table! "Excuse me, would you mind finishing up and moving on?" I glanced at my watch and then back at her. If she'd just hurry, I might be able to catch her. "Rude much? I'm actually busy, so you can just move along yourself." She waved her hand at me, like she was shooing a little kid away. It was another ten minutes before she left, and I ran to the table, pulling out my laptop and quickly signing on. Sure enough, there was a message from my DirtySwan. " It looks like I missed you again. I can't believe it. This is getting so frustrating. I know we've kept to ourselves this whole time, and I've actually really enjoyed our anonymity. It's fun to have petty debates over fictional characters. By the way, I think Prof. Banner's toupee qualifies as a fictional character. Today it looked like Puss and Boots from Shrek. I don't know what the hell he was thinking when he put on that orange hairpiece. Maybe he's a football fan and trying to support our team. Our school colors were the one thing I didn't look into when I picked this college. I really should've put that into the criteria. No one should be subjected to bright orange, NO ONE! I'll bet you're wearing bright orange right now, aren't you? Do you like showing your school spirit, Culling Wraith ? I'll be at the football game on Saturday. I'll be the one in the orange shirt. Do you think you'll be able to pick me out? How about I give you another clue? I'll be the girl with brown hair in the orange shirt. Yes, I'm laughing, because there is no way in hell that narrowed it down for you. Do you want me to narrow it down for you? I think it might be nice if we narrowed it down for each other, if you're interested. I'll be here again, same time tomorrow, looking for your answer. Maybe we'll be able to IM then. One of these days, we'll get on at the same time. Of course, if we met, then maybe we wouldn't have to worry about it. If you don't want to meet, I'm cool with that, too. I hope I didn't scare you off. I hope you still want to talk to me. DirtySwan, signing off for today, maybe I'll catch you tomorrow." By the time stamp on the e-mail, I'd literally missed her by two minutes. If I hadn't been in the library, I would've freaking screamed. I swear to god, if that girl was at my table again, I was going to just shove her off of it. I was not missing DirtySwan again. DirtySwan wanted to meet, and I think I was ready to finally do it. It was time. I'd met the witty, silly girl online. I didn't care if she was overweight, shaved bald, missing her left eye, and her front teeth. She was too awesome to pass up. " DirtySwan, I'd like to meet you, too. I think it's about time we bit the bullet and did it. I know we've probably passed each other on campus a hundred times. So, I'm going to be adventurous. I'll be the guy with orange socks at the football game, and I'll wear my Tony the Tiger Frosted Flakes shirt. It shows a little school spirit with minimal orange factor. I hope my socks don't burn your retinas. I'll see you then. CullingWraith, signing out until tomorrow." The next day, that obnoxious impossible girl was at my table again. I couldn't miss DirtySwan. The game was tomorrow, and we would be meeting instead of emailing then. I hoped she'd give me another clue as to what she'd be wearing. "Excuse me." I tried to be polite, I really did. She looked up at me and sighed. "Really, dude? Every damn day you're here, rushing me off and away from this table with your half-assed 'excuse me.' There are six other tables in the library." "Yes, but this one is quiet. I assume it's why you prefer this one as well." "Look, OCD Man, I'm trying to catch a friend, and you rushing me doesn't help. I'm already set up here. Can't you go somewhere else?" She sounded like she was trying to be patient with me, but was failing. I looked at the other tables and saw a few jocks roughhousing by one and a couple making out on another, while the others were similarly occupied. She must have seen my dilemma. "Gah, fine, freaking fine, just give me a minute," she waved me off. That little hand motion was annoying. I wasn't a toddler or a dog. I had half a mind to hand wave her back. "Shoo, little girl, shoo, shoo," I wanted to say, but I didn't have the guts. Besides, I had been raised to be respectful to women, even if they pissed me off. As soon as she walked away, I jumped on the computer at the speed of light and my heart sank. I'd thought for sure I'd catch her today. I was on a full ten minutes earlier than all the other times. I usually just missed her, so I should've been able to catch her before she went offline. I was crushed when I saw her little IM light was off, and I had another email from her in my inbox. " Sorry I missed you again today. I really tried to catch you. I'm sure I missed you by a mile. I couldn't justify keeping someone from their studying just so I could chat with you, especially since I'll hopefully be seeing you tomorrow. Your little line suggesting it was time we 'bit the bullet and just did it' could really be misconstrued as dirty. Be forewarned, I have pepper spray so we won't be 'just doing it' on the first meeting. I know I'm coming off as a little mean, but I'm a girl, and bad things happen to girls that meet strangers over the internet. I've heard stories, and I know you have, too. I'm really hoping you're not a serial killer. You come across as really nice, and I'm looking forward to meeting you. I won't pepper spray you unless you try and grab my boobs or any other feminine part of my body. I'm still a little nervous about the whole meeting you thing, but I'll give you another clue as to what I'll be wearing. Like your shirt, mine will also have a food logo. I really am excited to finally meet you. DirtySwan signing off." I did my best not to guffaw out loud at her "just do it" rant. I really wasn't even thinking of grabbing her boobs or anything else. I also caught that she'd said "on the first meeting" in her message, so was she alluding to maybe doing "it" on later meetings? It was kind of exciting and scary all at once. I was worried she'd be very disappointed in my appearance, and then the idea of "it" would be the farthest thing from her mind. I tried to look casual as I stood kind of by the entrance gate. I didn't want to look like I was waiting for anyone, just in case she decided not to come. I didn't want to be humiliated by her backing out. I worried that she'd see me and never speak to me again. "Well, if it isn't Mr. Excuse Me." I looked up to see library girl. "I'm sorry I come across as rude. I really don't mean to," I apologized, glancing around her. "No, I get it. I really do." She started laughing at me, and I didn't know why she was. I didn't like it. I was worried DirtySwan would show up and see a girl laughing at me and leave. "Can you please not laugh at me?" I implored. "I'm hoping a friend of mine shows up this evening." Library girl smiled up at me and then leaned on the wall next to me. "A friend, huh? Can you tell me about this friend of yours?" I frowned down at her. "She's my friend, that's all you need to know." "Okay, I get it, you don't want to talk about your friend, but you did say 'she,' though." "If you must know, she's who I'm always trying to catch, but just miss because you're at my table." I did my best to not sound rude. I hoped that if she knew she was interfering with me catching my friend, she'd have mercy on me and give me the table sooner. "I think I know why you miss her." "You do?" She gave my shirt a tug. "Yup, CullingWraith, I know exactly why we're never on at the same time." My eyes popped wide. "You're DirtySwan?" She nodded her head, "You always just miss me, because you run me off from the table. I thought of suggesting we share it a couple