Chapter 1 - Sore Jaws and Lessons ISABELLA I was having a good night. I had already cleared fifteen hundred dollars, since I'd started working at 9:00 p.m. I usually worked 'til two o'clock in the morning and brought in around twenty-five hundred dollars for the five hours of work I did. I had to do about ten hoovers at fifty bucks a pop in an hour to get that kind of pay, but my jaw muscles were well developed from my early days. I was quick and had several repeat customers who would "tip" me. They would bring an extra ten, and I could hide it in my bra, because I didn't have any pockets. I had been saving up and had about five thousand dollars hidden away, between my tips and the cut James gave me. He only gave me a hundred dollars a night, but he also covered the cost of food and rent, and he paid all my bills and would often take me shopping for new work clothes. I wanted to think that he loved me, but he treated Candy and Crystal the same. "I need to take a piss, James," I said, bouncing with my knees together. I was also freezing my tits off, but that never got me off the corner. "Fine," he huffed, "but hurry the fuck up. There's money to be made." I nodded and scurried across the street and into The Crow, a shitty little dive bar, where the owner would let us use the bathroom, as long as he got at least one free hoover a week. Thankfully, it was Candy's week. I think the guy only bathed for special occasions, and he looked like there hadn't been one recently. The bathroom door was locked, so I was standing there in the hallway, waiting for my turn to use the only damn toilet, when I picked up on a conversation around the corner from me in the bar. "Well, my bestest BFF and soon to be sister-in-law, it's my last night as a free woman!" a drunk girl giggled. "I'll drink to that!" the other girl sitting with her toasted. I stepped back in view of the window up front, glancing out to make sure James wasn't heading in here to drag me back to the corner. In doing so, I caught a glimpse of the girls who were talking. They looked like they were having a good time. "I'm so glad you could come in to spend these last two weeks with me before my wedding, Rosalie," the first one said. "I just love that we're going to be sisters! I'm still a little sad you and Emmett live all the way across the country in San Diego, though." "Me, too, Alice, but you know Emmett and I will come visit as often as we can," the girl, Rosalie, promised her friend, looking like she was about to cry. They both stared at each other, then cracked up, giggling hysterically. "We've been bar hopping too long, and I think we've hopped one too many, because the floor seems wobbly," Alice snorted, but knocked back another drink. I figured I had about three more minutes to take a piss, before I had to get back outside without my absence being punished. The two girls continued their drunken rambling, their conversation turning to blowjobs. "I swear, I don't know what I'm doing wrong, but his dick just doesn't come unless it's inside me," Rosalie complained. Apparently, her husband, Emmett, had gotten an extended blowjob last night. "I don't think I was doing it for him. I mean, aren't guys supposed to like that?" she asked the man next to her, who was listening a little too closely to their conversation. He just smiled widely and nodded yes like an eager puppy. "I know you wanted me to give you some pointers, but I just don't have many. I mean, Emmett does most of it, I just go along with whatever he wants," Rosalie said pouting. "Could we get another round?" Alice called to the bartender. They took their drinks to a table by the front window and sat there, people watching and chatting, getting louder as the alcohol dropped their filters. "After these, we should stop with the booze and drink some water. I figure once the floor stops moving, we could head out again," Alice commented, glancing out the window. "Hey, look out there, I think we're in a really seedy neighborhood. There's a nasty-looking guy standing on that far corner with a couple of girls hanging out around him. They look kind of shady. I wonder what they're doing." I could tell them exactly what they were doing. Whoever was in the bathroom didn't seem to be coming outside anytime soon, and even though I was about to piss myself, I had to get back out on the corner, before James lost his shit on me again. I rejoined James and the girls, bouncing against the cold and my full bladder. I would have to relieve myself in the damn alley again after the next john. The girls were still watching us from the window, when some men exited the bar. James nodded at me, and I crossed the street with nothing less than a strut and a big smile on my face. I'd had a light coat on, but I had to take it off, James's orders, when he sent me after the guys. I was dressed in fishnets that only went to my thighs, and you could see the clips from my garter holding them up under the edge of my miniskirt. I had on a tight shirt that looked more like a bustier than anything else. Typical work attire for a hooker. I took all three guys back into an alley to do "business." A lot of girls would have been there for a while, but I knew what I was doing. Not even ten minutes later, I sent all three of them stumbling out with big smiles. I walked back over to James, who had been my pimp for years now, and he gave me my jacket back, after I dusted off my knees. I passed him the money and popped a mint into my mouth, and then I fixed my lipstick. "Do I look alright?" I asked him, and he smiled at me and kissed my cheek, fluffing my hair. If I didn't know better, I would have sworn he really cared about me. I knew in my heart I was no one special to him, but one could only hope that one day he would decide he wanted me all to himself and let me stop working. I knew I was his favorite. He had found me at fifteen, and I had been working for him for four years now. He had taught me everything I knew and took care of me. He had even covered my mom's bills while I had lived with her, but as soon as I turned eighteen, he set me up in my own place. He didn't like my mom's guy getting the goods for free. My mom's boyfriend-slash-drug dealer was an ass. My mom would beg me to let him do us both, just so she could have her latest hit, when she found out I was working the streets. I was glad to be out of that. I saw the bar door open and realized another group of guys was heading out. I was hoping James would send one of the other girls, but they had all just taken off toward another group. He took my coat again, giving me a little shove in the guys' direction. This time, two of the guys went down the alley with me. James watched from the edge of the alley. I guess he didn't trust those guys. They did look kind of creepy. I didn't trust them, either, and wished I could get out of here. The two drunk girls from The Crow had made their way out onto the sidewalk in front of the bar, and I could hear them from the alley, as I finished taking a piss behind a dumpster. "Did you see that?" Rosalie squealed, loud enough to be heard for a damn city block. "That woman serviced three guys, and then she just took off with two more, and they're already coming out. They couldn't have been with her more than five minutes!" "Well, she's a professional. She knows what she's doing. I mean the more guys she can get to in a night, the more money she can make, right?" "We should buy her!" Rosalie said with excitement, eyeing me as I came out of the alley. "What?" Alice asked, sounding confused. I didn't usually get requested by girls very often, but hey, whatever. "Look, I know you don't understand, because you're all innocent and crap, but you're getting married, dearie, and we need pointers, or you're going to end up with a sore jaw, just like me." A cab pulled up, and I recognized Marcus. He waved to me, as he got out to help the drunken girls over to his cab. "We can hire her, right? I mean, I really want to," Rosalie whined loudly, as they stared and pointed at me. Marcus looked over at me and smiled. "Ah, Izzy's very good. I don't know about with girls, but..." he shrugged, speaking with his thick Italian accent I just loved. He got them loaded into the cab and then pulled over by me, rolling his window down. "Hey, Marcus, what can I do for you?" I said with a smile. "Izzy, these ladies would like your company for the evening," he said with an eyebrow wiggle. "Yeah, what's your rate?" Rosalie shouted out eagerly and obviously still very drunk. I couldn't help but laugh. She was funny. "Let me talk to my man for a minute. I'll be back in a few." I really hoped James would let me go with them. This night could prove to be very interesting, not to mention entertaining. Chapter 2 – SEX 101 ISABELLA James wasn't happy at all that the girls had asked for me for the whole night. "I'll charge them a thousand dollars, and that should cover the cost of me leaving for the rest of the night. I could use the break, James," I sighed. He just glared at me, but he begrudgingly let me go. He didn't like me being out of his sight, but I knew I was fairly safe with these broads. They seemed harmless. Besides, Marcus was there, and I knew if things started to turn bad, he would take care of me. He was a sweetheart, and so was his wife, Janey. The pair were into some freaky stuff and loved to buy me for special occasions. I would work off-hours for them, though, so James couldn't complain about it. As long as I was back on the street and working by nine, he wouldn't bitch. He knew where Marcus lived and could easily track him down if he gave me crap. Of course, I knew Marcus and Janey would never do anything that would hurt me. They saw me as family, and I did them as well. Okay, an incestuous family, but not as bad as fucking my mom's boyfriend in front of her. They were more into bondage and whips, and they liked when I would capture them both and force them to do depraved things together. It was actually kind of fun to be in charge like that. "Okay, girls, I can go with you, but it'll be one thousand dollars. Can you handle that?" "Yes!" Rosalie squealed. "Are you nuts? You're not rich by any means, and I can't believe you're going to clean out your account for this," Alice gasped. "It'll be fine, stop fussing so much," Rosalie whined.