I'm not Crazy One shot for Halloween by Savannavansmutsmut. Disclaimer: Twilight is owned by Stephanie Meyers. Summary : Bella lives in a house that makes her question her sanity. With no one to confide in, she looks to her friends to prove she's not crazy. Rated : M for Language and Lemon Bella's POV Basements were supposed to be creepy. I kept telling myself that was the reason I never wanted to go into mine alone. I didn't go down there often, but it was where we kept the holiday decorations. I may have been terrified of the basement, but I loved Halloween. The floor in our house was wood. You could hear everything upstairs when you were down there and vice versa. I might not have had someone to go into the basement with me, but Charlie was home and he would hear if something went awry. I knew exactly where the box was. When you're terrified, you tend to remember every detail that will make your escape move smoothly and my escape was only made fast and smooth by knowing exactly where all the boxes were. I turned the lights on peering down the stairs, cursing my friends for not being there with me. The light was on and bright. It was like I was waiting for the light to shoo something away, but there was never anything out of place. Alice knew I was scared and told me if the place was really haunted, that stuff would be moved around or whatever. She was right. She also freaked out about mouse droppings and said the sounds we hear are most likely from those "little shit" raising hell. I wasn't scared of mice, bugs or any other kind of vermin that might be in there. I was scared of that horrible feeling I got when I went down the stairs. I could feel someone watching me. I just knew it and it felt like they wanted to kill me, like they were furious with me and wanted me to die. Needless to say, I was mad fast on the stairs both ways. I took a deep breath and eyed where the box was. I had my plan, down and out, no pausing. While I was giving myself this little pep talk, I could feel the eyes on me already. "You gonna get the decorations, Bella?" my dad asked. We were supposed to decorate together. I felt like an idiot for being scared. He had a bum knee, so going up and down the stairs wasn't easy on him, especially when the weather was changing like it was. I wasn't going to ask him for help because I was being a scaredy-cat. It was almost Halloween, being afraid was suppose to be fun. I should've been charging people money to sneak down into my spooky basement. My friends had never been down there alone. I wondered if it only came after you if you were alone. I was the only one that ever did that. It made me worry that I wasn't sane. I was pretty sure that being paranoid was a sure sign of crazy. My fear of the basement was ridiculous and that was what I told myself as I ran to the shelf and headed up the stairs again as fast as possible. I could feel the hairs on the back of my neck stand at attention, the cool air rushed at me and I felt tendrils on my neck. I ran faster thankful that whatever it was didn't have actual fingers that could restrain me. I knew I'd be dead if it did. I never really talked to anyone about it, because I would come across as crazy. Paranoia and hearing voices were sure signs of insanity. Every time I turned around, it seemed like someone was calling my name, of course when I went to check with Charlie or my friends, they'd deny calling me. I even looked out the window a few times to see if there was someone out there looking for me, but there never was. I knew it was best to keep this information to myself. As long as I stayed out of the basement and if the voices only ever called my name and said nothing else, then I was fine. As we hung ghost and witch garland around the front door, Charlie informed me that he was leaving for the weekend. "You can have your friends over, but no party or drinking." He gave me a leveling stare. "Thanks dad. We'll probably just watch a few movies and eat pizza." He patted my shoulder and told me that he was proud of me for being such a good girl. That weekend we decided to have a movie marathon. I nixed all the scary movies and reach a compromise of watching Tremors . According to Edward, Tremors , wasn't actually scary. Emmett showed up with a half eaten pizza and Rosalie. Alice and Jasper were running late, but brought popcorn and candy to make it up to me. Jasper loved Tremors and Alice loved whatever Jasper loved. I knew the movie wasn't supposed to be scary, but it was. My house had wooden floors just like in the movie and I swore something was going to pop up through it any second. I did a super speed hop to the bathroom and kept my feet off the floor while I went. Then I did the same leaping run and jumped right into Edward's side. He thought I was silly, but thankfully he thought it was cute too. "It's getting late, we should get going," Alice said after the second movie. "I thought you were going to spend the night." I really didn't want to be alone. "I'm sorry, I can't. Rose and I have cheer practice in the morning." I looked at Edward terrified he was going to leave me. "You can stay, right?" His eyes darted to Emmett and Jasper. He'd never spent the night at my house before, but this was the first weekend Charlie was out of town since we were officially dating. "I…ah…your dad…" "Please," I straddled his lap as I begged. I ground down a little on him help convince him, his breath caught. Jasper and Emmett waved to him. "See yah Monday," Emmett said smirking. I had a feeling that they had plans and the guys just let him off the hook. Edward locked up after they left, because I was too scared to step on the floor. He put on the third Tremors movie and I climbed back into his lap. I figured I should distract myself so I could settle down enough to sleep tonight. Once Edward realized that I wasn't interested in watching the movie, he was quick to lay me out on the couch. We were in it deep. My shirt off, his pants undone with my hand in them, he was attacking my breast in the most wonderful way, when I heard deep growling and clawing at the floor. At first I thought it was the movie, but it wasn't. I was scared that I might've been even more insane than I deduced before. I didn't want to believe that god would send demons after me for giving my boyfriend a hand job. "Do you here that?" Edward asked sitting up. I let out a sigh of relief, if he heard it too, then I wasn't crazy. I nodded yes. "Your house has a crawl space under it, doesn't it?" "Yeah," the front half was crawl space, the back half was evil basement. Heavy claws were digging in and dragging across the underside of the floor again. There was a wild deep growling hiss. "It's probably just some stray cats fighting under there." Yeah, demon cats... I nodded in agreement, because I didn't want him to think that I was crazy. He turned off the movie and I suggested we go to bed. My bedroom was at the back of the house, over the basement, so if it was psycho cats, then we wouldn't be able to hear them from my room. Of course, to get to my room I'd have to step on the floor. When Edward realized that I wasn't putting my feet down off the couch, he decided to carry me to bed, which would've been romantic, if I wasn't terrified that a demon would break through the floor and attack us. Edward set me on the bed and we were quick to lose our clothes. We both needed to have our minds taken off that noise. We were finally down to nothing, his skin rubbing against mine. That flesh on flesh contact was so much more intense. I saw him glance at his jeans several time. I could only assume he had a condom with him. We had yet to have sex, but I knew it'd be soon. That thing under the floor had followed us. It wasn't a cat, but I didn't think Edward realized that the crawl space stopped just before my bedroom. He got up to grab his jeans and was apparently annoyed by the "cats fighting," because he stomped hard on the floor a few times and told them to get out of there. I was surprised when the noise actually stopped. I wondered momentarily if it really was cats. He climbed back into bed with me and I snuggled close, cat or not, it listened to Edward and left us alone. Our kissing was slow and easy. His body was pressed against mine. He was hard and it made me shiver with excitement. I wanted him and he obviously wanted me. I squirmed my hand between us and grabbed him. His grip tightened on me and his mouth moved to my neck and then dipped to my breast. His hand that was on my backside moved down my thigh, hitching my leg up over his hip. "Can I touch you here?" he grazed between my legs. I nodded yes and moved to kiss his lips. His fingers were magical and combined with his lips…I was a goner. We had gotten this far a few times, but you could only do so much in a back seat. We shifted and were back to rubbing against each other. I was so wet, that he slid against me smoothly, grunting. I came again and he lost it all over my stomach. "Fuck," he dropped his head on my shoulder. "That wasn't…" I tugged his face to mine, kissing him. I finally pulled back needing to breath and gave him a little push. "I need to get cleaned up." He nodded sheepishly letting me go. I went to the bathroom, cleaning myself up, doing my best to not look in the mirror. I always felt like there was someone there. I knew one of these days I'd look up and see something behind me. "Bella," I heard Edward call, but I was afraid to answer. I stepped into my bedroom to find the pillow over his face. He wasn't the one that said my name. "Hey, did you…" I wanted to ask him if he called me, but I knew I wouldn't like the answer. He grabbed my hand and pulled me to snuggle with him in bed. We fooled around some more, but the stress of the day had caught up with me. I yawned and he kissed my cheek. For a horny teenager, he was very understanding. The next morning I felt him slip out of bed to use the bathroom. He popped his head in the room moments later. "What did you need, babe?" he asked waiting for a response like I had called him. "Nothing, I'm good. I just missed you," I covered and wondered if maybe I wasn't really crazy if someone else was hearing their name as well. I reached out to him, still naked and he