All characters belong to Stephenie Meyer This is not a foreshadowing to a sad ending. I hate sad endings. This is just the first step toward Bella's insanity. Just so you know, she's not dead. This story is Rated M because of lemons and suicide. Also, there could be one part that may be construed as rape . I will warn you before we get to that chapter. But, yeah, there is sex and suicide mentioned throughout the whole story, so if you're sensitive to that stuff, this story may not be for you. ***Chances are, you will find yourself confused at times during this story, but have faith! This is a story that requires some thought, concentration and attention to the small details. So, go potty, get a cup of something yummy, and then sit back for the ride. I promise, if you take the time to read the WHOLE story, everything will make sense in the end. Thanks to Dollybigmomma for resurrecting this story. She worked hard to make it readable. Please leave her some love in your reviews! Prologue When I was little, I always thought these cliffs were where the earth ended. Somehow, they always seemed so…final. Like nothing else existed beyond this drop. As I stared off toward the horizon, I could truly appreciate that sentiment now. The spray off the ocean cooled my skin, as I walked along the cliffs, looking down at the boiling gray water, as the furious waves crashed and foamed below. The sun was setting in the west over the water, splashing the storm clouds riding just above the horizon with deep golds, oranges and reds that faded up into dark purple across the darkening sky. I was standing on the lower cliff, while I watched the sun sink out of sight, bringing on the twilight, as I contemplating my life. How everything had gone so horribly wrong. Edward . His name echoed through my memory. I made my way up to the highest cliff. I was too old and broken now to let those memories of him take hold. His actions had proven he hadn't loved me enough to stay. After he was gone, I never healed. My life as the school librarian had just compounded it all and kept my loss pressed to the forefront. To walk the halls, where he had once stood, made it hard to breathe. I'd finally come to the point where I couldn't take it anymore, as I stood there and watched the kids go by. So young. So naïve. I wanted to scream, scream at them to run, to leave, to never look back at each other, because with love came only pain. Crippling, agonizing pain. I gazed at the dark water churning violently below me. I felt calm. Peace settled deep into my bones, and I knew I wasn't going to suffer any more. I stepped off the ledge, and at the age of thirty-eight, my life flashed before me. My sad, lonely life. Edward . My sweet Edward loved me in my mind, but then my memory moved forward, and he was gone. And then there was Jacob. He had tried to love me, even fought against the supernatural powers of imprinting for me, but in the end, he, too, would leave me. I was obviously meant to be alone. Getting lost in my studies, taking the job at the school after graduation, it all flashed before me now, but in the end, it all settled back down to one thought. Edward . He was gone, and after twenty years, I was still broken. As long as I was trapped in this state, I would always be broken. That fragile human soul he had always claimed he wanted to protect so much? He had ripped that part of me out and crushed it under his feet as he walked away, leaving behind this shell that what was left of me now occupied, to be forced through the motions of life, never living. I had grown to hate him over the years; he had broken me, made me bitter, and made me hate the thought of love, because he had taught me that love only brought pain. Debilitating, excruciating pain, and I'd had enough of it. I didn't want to feel it anymore. I didn't want to feel anything anymore. Time hadn't healed anything, time had been my enemy, and now, as I plunged far beneath the ocean surface, I was out of time for good. The icy water swallowed me, wrapping around me, holding me like the cold arms I had missed for so long. I closed my eyes and felt the burn in my lungs. Not long…no, not long at all, and I would have no more pain. I was finally free. Chapter 1 – Finding Heaven "Bella, come on, honey, you're going to be late," Charlie's voice yanked me from the darkness. My breath caught, and a smile grew on my face. It had been two years since Charlie had died, and here he was calling to me, calling me home to him in heaven. "Bells!" I felt him shake me awake. My eyes fluttered open, and I saw his concerned face. I had missed him so much. I leaped forward, hugging him tightly in my arms. "Bells? Honey, are you alright?" He examined my face and gently wiped the tears from my cheeks. "I'm just so happy to see you." He laughed a little. "I'm happy you're here, too." He gently kissed my forehead and then stepped back. "Now hurry up, or you're going to be late for school." "School?" "Yeah, school. You know, that place you go every day until you get your diploma?" I looked at him confused, and for the first time, I took in my surroundings. "Are you sure you're feeling okay, Bells?" I was standing in my old room, in Charlie's house. I looked up and caught my reflection in the mirror that hung on the closet door. I gasped, stumbling back, and looked at Charlie again. He looked over at the mirror I was looking in. "What's wrong, Bells?" I closed the distance between me and the mirror, touching my face. "Um, Bells?" My eyes found Charlie's concerned face again. I gave him a weak smile. "I'm sorry, Dad; it's just not what I expected." He looked confused. "Um, okay, I'm going to let you get ready now." I laughed to myself. That was just classic Charlie. I examined my room for a moment. Everything was just as it had been when I'd first moved in. This was an odd version of heaven. However, I did like my body. I looked back into the mirror, marveling at how my skin was tight again, and my eyes were shining with excitement, not dead-looking with despair. I looked around the room again, and that was when I spotted the box in the corner of the room. Curious, I walked over and opened it. My heart stopped. It was full of my things. More precisely, it was full of the things I had brought from Phoenix, when I had moved to Forks. I spun around and quickly ran to my closet, my heart pounding, as I flung the doors open. There were only a few things hanging up. My chest felt like it would explode. I quickly looked out my window, and everything was just as it had been so many years ago, when I had first moved in with Charlie. My truck, my welcome home present from Charlie, was parked in the driveway. It was the same monster I had driven all the way through college, before it finally died for good. I would have had Jake fix it, but when it had caught fire, there was nothing left to salvage. I cried that day. I quickly threw my clothes on and ran out the front door. I was opening the door to the truck, when I heard Charlie call to me. "Bells, your bag!" I looked up and saw him holding my backpack out for me. I quickly hurried up to grab it. "Breakfast?" he asked. "Um, no, I'm too nervous. I don't want to be late." "Okay, have a good day." "Thanks, Dad. You, too." I pulled my keys out of the side pocket of my bag and laughed at myself for remembering they were there. I started up the truck and found comfort in the old familiar roar. I closed my eyes and let the sound envelope me. Home, this truck felt like home, and then I opened my eyes and saw Charlie standing on the front porch with a grin on his face. I was home. It was then I realized he was waiting for me to go, so I threw the truck in reverse, and as if out of habit, found myself headed for the high school. I was pondering what kind of things they taught you in school in heaven. My heaven seemed so perfect for me, so comforting. The old familiar ache was still there, and that was disappointing. I'd thought for sure that once I'd died, the pain of losing Edward would have died as well. Maybe that was what they taught, how to lose the pain. My knuckles tightened around the steering wheel. I wanted my pain to stop. That was why I was here. I pulled into the school parking lot, and my heart stopped. The students were standing around talking, waiting for the first bell to ring. Students I recognized, all of them, I knew all of them. Now I was confused. I didn't understand how Angela, Jessica, Lauren, Mike, Tyler, Eric, and Ben could have all died and ended up in my heaven. I gave them all a weak smile, unsure how to ask them how they had died, and then I decided I didn't want to ask, because then they would want to know how I had died, and I was suddenly ashamed about killing myself. Jessica came up and introduced herself, which I thought was odd, and I wondered if she had forgotten me. Then I heard another voice. Tyler said, "You must be Isabella. I'm Tyler, nice to meet you." "Um, just Bella." This was all very confusing. He smiled. "Okay, Just Bella, do you need help finding where you need to go?" I saw a worried look in Lauren's eyes. I laughed a little to myself, knowing how that story had played out before. "No, but thanks." Then Angela spoke up. "You should sit with us at lunch." I smiled and nodded okay, and then I hurried to the office. Ms. Cope startled when I burst into the office, and then she smiled. "Isabella Swan?" I nodded my head yes, and her smile grew three times wider. "Welcome to Forks, honey. How are you adjusting to our little town?" Her words threw me for a minute. Forks? "Isn't this heaven?" I asked, confused. She let out a slight chuckle. "I'd like to think so, but some people don't like the weather here. You're from Phoenix, right?" My head started pounding. Phoenix. I hadn't been from Phoenix in over two decades. I was staring hard at my truck keys in my hand. Was I really here? Was this really my junior year all over again? The implications of what this meant caused me to shiver. Would I see him again? I was suddenly afraid to even think his name. "You feeling okay, honey?" Her words snapped me back from my thoughts. I gave her a weak smile. "Yes, just nervous." She gave me a warm smile. "I guess that's to be expected, but I think you'll do great here." She was handing my schedule and a map to me, and I took them, afraid to look down, afraid to see the classes listed. I was terrified to see if I had Mr. Banner for Biology. That was where