Summary: " Bind him and bring him and all of his possessions by Saturday. I expect you to set up a trust for all expenses covered for him by then, enough to last until his eleventh birthday," Petunia suddenly demanded, rising from her seat with a steadiness that belied her nerves. She stared down at her sister with glacial eyes, but there was an odd sort of smile flickering at the corners of her thin mouth. "Vernon and I will have a place for him here. But not with magic. There will be none of that nonsense here." " Thank you, Petunia," said Lily sorrowfully, as they rose simultaneously and gifted the horse-like woman with rare halting smiles. Although, you wouldn't call what James gave the woman a smile. "You'll not regret this. I swear it, 'Tuney." Petunia smiled, a slow growing thing that was certainly unnerving to behold. "I know." -oOoOoOo- The Prophecy Wednesday, 14th May, 1980. Headmaster's Office, Hogwarts . "I find at most times, that a nice Sherbet Lemon helps calm my simmering nerves," said Dumbledore with a meaningful smile, as if he was trying to nudge an unsure customer to one of his best liked products, or was confessing a proud secret. "Would you like one, Lily? Well, perhaps it's best not, you're looking awfully peaky, m'dear. Are you quite well? Shall I summon us both a refreshing cup of tea? I myself find my throat rather dry as of late, and I've found that the House-elves brew a mean peppermint tea that clears that right up. Perhaps it's the weather affecting the both of us, but alas, I shall never know," he mused, peering at her from over his half-mooned spectacles with barely a twinkle in the magnificent blue. Lily stared unblinkingly at the wizened old man, not thinking for a second that Dumbledore meant only the best for her. Especially with the important news he'd apparently found, as the letter still clutched tightly between her fingers said. She cleared her throat and finally ended her staring, ignoring the way her eyes watered and stung like gritty paper when she blinked. "I'm fine," she said, clearing her throat once again. "But if you'd tell me what you meant in your letter, then perhaps I'd feel a bit more at ease. You've gotten me more than a little worried, Albus. You said that only the direst letters could make it through the wards - and written by your own hand, nonetheless. We've not had any communication between the Longbottoms or the Order in ages, not since we've gone into hiding. It's why I came right away. This news ought to be incredibly serious for me to risk exposure, especially in . . . my condition," she said haltingly, her emerald gaze jumping from the Headmaster's tired face, to the large swell of her stomach hidden not at all convincingly under her robes. She felt her babies move inside her, a tiny fluttering hand pressing against her stomach, as if sensing her gaze was on them. She ached to hold them in her arms. Her children were the reason for their withdrawal from fighting in the war between Lord Voldemort and his Death Eaters and Dumbledore's Order of the Phoenix. Dumbledore himself had requested she leave the battles and hide away, and considering that now in hindsight, she should have seen the catch there and then. Dumbledore wouldn't have asked her, one of the most gifted duellers, to sit out of a battle just because she was pregnant. Many other Order members had been pregnant when they fought - and sometimes fell, due to their children growing off of their magical cores. It was just a small hope that gnawed at her that Dumbledore finally realized that pregnant women couldn't fight in the war. Dumbledore attempted a smile, but it fell rather flat when his eyes followed her gaze. "I assure you, I would not risk your life and the lives of your children for anything inconsequential," he murmured, an ominous shadow passing over his weathered face. "It pertains to the reason for your going into hiding, actually," he said, voice going a little brittle. Lily looked up at him at that, eyes hardening into glacial emeralds from the soft maternal gaze it had been. Dumbledore looked sore to see that glow turn into something so hard. "You never did fully explain why we had to leave the fight," she said cautiously. "The last time Alice and I spoke, she told me her reasoning behind her own retreat from the war. It was the same thing you'd told James and I," she pursed her lips. "Why?" Dumbledore cleared his throat, and reached for his bowl of lemon drops, popping two into his mouth and rolling them thrice over his tongue. It seemed to bolster him for the coming conversation - as rocky as it was going to be. "The reason for you and your friends' withdrawal from the war is a lot more complex than you think, Lily," he answered quietly. "It is for the Greater Good of the world that I asked this of you. I know that it had stung when I had requested you and James take a leave of absence from the Order, but it was of the utmost importance that you had done so." "You're finally going to tell me?" Lily hedged carefully, though her expression told Dumbledore that it wasn't a question. Dumbledore nodded nonetheless. "Yes, well. You must at least attempt to understand me before you react. This is no light news to be shared with others, only to be shared with those you trust the most," he said, cerulean eyes sharpening as the walls around them flashed with non-verbal security wards, wards he made sure had no holes or vulnerable places in. He wouldn't fail again. He sucked on the lemon drops for another moment, before clearing his throat and looking the red-haired woman in the eye. "It is because of a prophecy that you and Mrs Longbottom have been hidden away. It was foretold that a savior would be born as the seventh month dies, with the power to defeat the Dark Lord once and for all. In all of the Order, only you and Alice fell pregnant and fit the criterion as those who would birth our champion, in as much the same time as the seventh month shall end. It is only a matter of when, and whom shall arrive first, that is the problem." "But we don't have to consider this prophecy as probable," Lily said warily, cupping her rounded belly as if to reassure herself that her children were still with her. "I mean, He doesn't know about it, so it couldn't possibly come true. My children, and Alice's son, are still safe while He doesn't know ... Right, Albus?" "In essence, you are correct," Dumbledore conceded cautiously, tipping his head in a short nod that made his long, white beard jerk against his stress-shrunken belly. Lily didn't at all relax at hearing that, sensing that there was a very large and important 'but' coming. "That would be the case if none had witnessed or overheard it, ergo, the prophecy itself wouldn't have any weight in the war and would remain an unimportant piece to the puzzle. However, I sincerely regret to inform you that if it were not for our enemy's spy, we would not have to suffer this threat. I fear that the Dark Lord already knows, and is waiting in the wings, anticipating the birth of his prophesied foe. It is why I asked you to withdraw to a safe place, and why I will only allow you my own letter for information on the war and for correspondence. Trust is a commodity that is even harder to come by during this war, especially as we know not whom our enemies and their spies are." Dumbledore bowed his head in shame then, those all-knowing eyes closing in an age-old weariness that set Lily's teeth on edge. "As witnessed by my blunder in not handling the prophecy carefully enough around my peers, I have caused a ripple effect in the lives of many. Your family's, and Alice's," he said in a bereft voice. Lily bit her lower lip harshly, her glimmering green eyes unsure and naively hopeful. "But you can't be sure that it only concerns Alice and I," she said tremulously, voice breathy from shock. "It could be someone else. It doesn't have to be someone in the Order - it doesn't have to be someone close to you. You just need to find out where else to look, another country or - or town. It can't be my children, I -I refuse to . . . Oh, sweet merciful Merlin, no ." Dumbledore heaved a world weary sigh, and seemed to shrink in upon himself, his age seeming to triple with the weight of the world on his shoulders. He regarded Lily with compassionate, saddened eyes, but there was no small amount of pity in them. She cringed at the sight. "I assure you, I have thought of everything there is to think about. Yourself and James, along with Alice and Frank, both fit the criterion of the prophecy; 'Born to those who have thrice defied him, born as the seventh month dies,' ," he said quietly, looking and feeling very, very old. "The entire prophecy itself states that one of the three children between you and Alice will defeat him, through powers the Dark Lord knows not. I have sat here for hours upon hours and pondered what that power may be ever since the prophecy had been unveiled, but it has yet to reveal itself. I fear that much heartache is still yet to come." Tears of desperation and shock flooded Lily's eyes before she could so much as blink, and her chest constricted with the thought of one of her own children battling the Dark Lord. Horrific memories of Order missions to decimated Muggle villages filled her mind - the orphanage Voldemort had attacked was most present, but instead of the faces of those poor mangled Muggle children, she saw children with hers and James's features, dead and lying on the ground, eyes forever open and seeing their last horrific moments before blessed darkness took them. A sob escaped her, and she wrapped her arms around her children, praying - hoping that it wasn't true. Hoping that the prophecy would pick someone else in the least, or better yet, that someone would off the megalomaniac Dark Lord before it could come true. Her little boys, part of a prophecy that affects the entire fate of the world. It was too much for her poor heart to bear. "I'm dreadfully sorry, my dear girl," Dumbledore whispered, face grave and bleak, and looking so utterly wretched that Lily had to consciously remind herself that it was her own children, and not his that were in danger of fighting off a Dark Lord. Unlike at other times when condolences were necessary but not truly meant, he seemed to be truly regretful. But it still stung her to hear it, nonetheless. "If I could have prevented this from happening, I surely would have. This sort of pain should never be inflicted upon such good people, James and yourself least of all. But believe me when I say that I shall do my best to protect you and Mrs Longbottom, and the children you both carry, with my life. They will not suffer needlessly," he vowed passionately, his voice gaining the luster he was known world wide for. A voice only an experienced champion could have. Forcefully composing herself as much as she could, Lily stood a little shakily from her seat, her shoulders still shuddering with repressed sobs even as they straightened from the hunch she'd had them in, and her arms were still wrapped tightly around her belly - around