Disclaimer : I do not own Twilight or the characters. This is a new story. It's kind of like a Twilight/Vampire Academy/Vampire Knight hybrid. CHAPTER ONE: DELIRIOUS I stand outside of a wooden door, carved from the rich bark of a tree. Elm perhaps, or maybe oak. It's hard to tell. The brown is smooth and dark, like melted pools of chocolate or cocoa beans. The design is smooth yet regal. I imagine simplicity woven around the golden doorknob, instead of the ruby crystals that my fingers glide across. The vibrancy of colors is a collage of contrast. One is shimmery and tawny, the other is crimson and bold. I can't decide which hue stands out the most; the chocolatey brown, the sparkling gold, or the brazen ruby. The weight of my sigh lands in a deafening crash against the door. The sound is loud but hardly equivalent to the volume of my knocking. This is the third time my attempts have been futile. I'm not sure how long I've been standing here, but my fists are starting to ache and I still can't hear anything on the other side of the wood. There is no noise. There is no sound or indication that life is beyond the barrier this door is presenting me. If I didn't know any better I'd think my knocks were being spoken to a vacant room. But I do know better. He's in there. He's been in there for days now, shielding himself away from the possibility of catching his reflection somewhere outside of this room. He's deemed the space his sanctuary. His logic tells him that he's found the perfect hiding spot. I think hiding is synonymous to escaping in his head. If there's anything this boy is good at, it's finding a way to escape the darker parts of himself. At first sign of his disappearance, it had been my intention to respect his wishes. I knew he'd secluded himself for many reasons. He had not spoken them with his mouth, but they were clear through his actions. He needed space and he wanted to be left alone. I'd understood him quite easily, yet it had taken all of the willpower I'd acquired in life to sit back and wait for him to come to his senses on his own accord. Stubbornness isn't the quality that tends to cripple his personality, though his stubborn streak can overpower his other personality traits from time to time. His pessimism is what debilitates him. The negativity he harbors is powerful enough to disable everything in his being. There's never an in between with him. Either life is completely horrible, or it's just good enough for him not to complain. The latter is fine with me, but when he becomes hopeless, his life gets more bleak and my life gets more difficult. Once again, my knocks have gone unanswered. I'm not surprised by this turn-out of events. I expected this scenario to play out exactly this way. That's why I have arrived today with different intentions than before. Originally, I'd planned to give him until the weekend to relinquish his foul mood. I wasn't going to interrupt his solitude until Saturday morning. That was before I'd received disturbing news from the night-class students however. Now, it is imperative that I speak with him. I take his silence as an indicator to move forward with my plan. My hand tingles as I wrap my fingers around the brass skeleton key that hangs around my neck. I glance at the serrated edges with determination. The noise the lock makes when I twist the key almost misses my ears, but I know it sounds like thunder to the boy on the other side of the door. I flatten my palm against the wood and give it a slight shove, causing the metal hinges to creak and groan in protest. I'm given direct entry to the room and a direct line of vision to the boy. His back is turned towards me. A dark-grey t-shirt clings to his body. It almost mimics the darkness in the room. There is no light. The velvet curtains are closed, blocking out every trace of sun. He sits on top of an unmade bed, facing the wall, staring at nothing. I want to roll my eyes at his antics. I hate when he gets stuck in his doom and gloom mood. He becomes the absolute epitome of depression. I mean, I undersand the solitude but why the darkness? I march into the room and head straight towards the window. After I yank open the curtains, sun pours inside and paints the walls gold. He turns his head slowly in my direction, squinting through the new light with annoyance. I brace my hands against my hips and wait for him to complain about my unwanted company. He had to know that I was going to show up. It was just a matter of time. Still, he doesn't seem to be too enthused about my presence. "I wish you'd stop this nonsense, Masen." I say this with censure, but it does not reach him. "Bella." His voice is smooth, low, and accented. There is no welcome in his boyish tone. "Leave me alone." I'm not surprised by the irritation in his response. Neither am I moved by it. I relinquish my position at the window and cross the room to meet him. My new stand-still is directly in front of him, blocking his exciting view of the blank walls. He drags his gaze up slowly, baking my body with his heat and fury. His eyes ascend past my lower torso to study the key that hangs at my neck. I try to pay attention to his crystallized irises. They are a sterling silver with small specks of black adorning the edges. The part of his eye that ends up capturing my attention are his pupils. They're slender and completely slitted, like that of an angry feline. This is a sign that he has not been adhering to his needs. My eyes avert from his to take in the other aspects of his appearance. His skin is quite pasty. The color is usually a calm, alabaster. Now, Masen's complexion is dull and pale. His hair is brittle. The thick strands on top of his head are tangled and dry, lacking both luster and definition. I imagine if I were to run my fingers through them they would come out in my hand. Underneath his silver eyes are dark, bruise-like shadows. They color in the creases that belong to his bags—a mysterious midnight-violet. "No! I'm done letting you rot in this room." My voice comes out firm but inside I am fearful. "Look at you..." I grab his chin and lift his face towards mine. "You're hideous." He snatches away from me and redirects his attention onto the floor, agreeing with my misdirected insult. "I am hideous." My defenses immediately drop and guilt fills my stomach. I've learned not to give Masen a reason to sulk. Insulting him is not an effective way to get through his thick skull. If you want him to listen, you have to be patient, and you have to catch him on the right day. Communicating with Masen is never, ever easy. He's the most difficult being on the planet and he knows it. I sigh quietly and place my hand on his shoulder. His skin is almost unbearably hot to touch. "You know I didn't mean it like that." "What do you want, Birdy?" He doesn't shrug me away this time. His use of my childhood nickname lets me know that he too has dropped his defenses. He looks up at me with softened eyes. His pupils are slightly thicker but not by much. I offer him a smile. He doesn't return it. His expression is neutral and patient. I should be grateful that he's allowing me to talk to him at all. Masen is less tolerable with everyone else. "You missed a week of classes." The censure is back inside of my voice. "I want to know why." Masen is a part of the day-class, but he's classified as a night-class student. He's supposed to attend class five days a week. Sunset Academy has a specially orchestrated curriculum for night students. Their classes begins as soon as the moon arises. That way the night-class can get the rest that they need during the day. Masen would probably be better off as a night student, but the rest of the night class haven't quite taken a liking to his brooding personality. Being a part of the day-class is difficult for Masen because of two reasons. 1) He has to be in a classroom full of humans. 2) His kind aren't too keen on luminosity and light. "The sun." He says quietly, squinting his eyes towards the gleaming window. "It burns my eyes." Under normal circumstances, the sun wouldn't burn Masen's eyes. It's not kryptonite. His kind just doesn't like the sun because it slows down their reflexes, both mentally and physically. It drains them the same way it might energize a human, but it certainly doesn't debilitate them. It might make them feel sluggish, which could be annoying while trying to concentrate on a lesson. I think Masen's gotten used to those aspects though, and he wouldn't have to worry about the sun burning his eyes if he just did what he was supposed to do. I snap my fingers in his face to bring his attention back in my direction. "When was the last time you fed, Masen?" "Why does that matter to you?" "Your body is reacting to being malnourished." I ignore his gruff tone because I'm aware that he doesn't like talking about this. "You know that." "Shut up, Bella." "You know the longer you go without feeding the weaker and more sensitive your body will become." He sighs regretfully, his eyes hardening around the edges. "I wonder how long it'll take for me to die then." His words shoot into my heart, and a shiver runs down my spine. An image of Masen cold and motionless flashes across my mind. It disturbs me even more than I thought it would. Masen is the only person that I have. We grew up together. I've always protected him from the people around him and himself. It would utterly destroy me if something bad ever happened to him. I don't know how I could forgive myself. I sit next to him on the bed and wrap my arm around his shoulder, ignoring the way his skin singes my own. "Stop saying stuff like that to me." "I don't wanna be this, Bella." "But you are." I say ruefully, unable to find the words that will comfort him. "You're a vampire, Masen." I feel his body tense at the term. "You have to accept it." "You say that so easily." His reply is venomous and angry. "Don't act like I don't understand where you're coming from." I am not the same kind of being as Masen. We are opposites. He's a vampire and I am a human. Though we are different creatures, I've lived my life the same exact way he has lived his. We grew up in the same world. I know all about what it's like to be a vampire:the perks and the downsides. I know Masen's struggles, his hardships, and his tribulations. I may not have felt them personally, but I've experienced them with him. I've been there to help him through them all. He has to know that I can empathize with him. "How can you say that you understand?" He looks at me like he is disgusted by my sincerity. "Have you killed someone before, Bella? Have you tasted blood?" "No, but..." "Have you ever been addicted to something before?" His pupils narrow as his anger grows, but his menacing glare does not intimidate me. I've known Masen