Choosing By: Dreamfall Warnings: Uncivilized language, fandom-appropriate violence, mentions of rape. Disclaimer: As one might assume of a work posted on a site dedicated to fanfiction, the basic premise of The Hunger Games is not mine. Notes: The District 12 segment of this chapter was written for a The Girl on Fire ficathon prompt. The prompt, by phoebebeesly, read: "Original characters, the voting of tributes for the 25th Hunger Games". I got caught up in concepts and decided to continue on with it. This is completely written and posted at The Mockinjay livejournal community, though I'm editing before posting here. This first chapter is pretty heavily edited, since I was partly reshuffling to put the districts in order when I'd originally started with 12. Chapter One: Voting It wasn't a secret ballot. That would have defeated the purpose. In fact, in was only reluctantly that the Capitol had given up as too time-consuming the idea that each citizen should stand before the child they were voting for, look them in the face as they cast their vote. Instead, they compromised on a huge viewing screen with each person's picture shown with their choice listed in large block letters. The rest of the screen was divided between live pictures of the kids who had received votes, with those who had received the most getting the most screen space. District 1 Quell smiled widely, not letting his face get stiff or look unnatural with the lengthy period he had to hold the expression. What was training for, after all, if not this: the beginning of the most important period of his life? He felt the wind change a little and turned his face into it so his blond hair would catch it and sparkle, not letting his eyes narrow against the sting of the breeze in them. He looked at the huge image of himself at the front of the square, and widened his smile a little further, tensing the muscles of his shoulders a bit so they stood out further. He had been born for this. Literally. His father had won the Fourth Games and his mother the Sixth. He'd been born a year later, and if he hadn't been conceived in the period that would make him less than three months short of his nineteenth birthday when the 25th reaping arrived, they wouldn't have bothered. They had been fiercely determined to prove their loyalty to the Capitol that loved them despite the sins of their parents, and with the first Quarter Quell coming at year 25, he was their way, their proof. He'd been born and raised for this, for these few upcoming weeks, and this Game was his For the honor of District 1 and the Capitol, he would persevere. He spared a glance for Precious, beside him, and found her looking lovely and composed. He didn't think anyone who didn't know her well would see the very faint pallor to her features, or that she was breathing just a hint faster than usual. He couldn't fault her for those minimal signs of discomfort. She was going in as his support: her first priority was to watch his back. They coludn't just fight for themselves, they had to fight for their district, and District 1's best chance was him. But she could make that chance even better if she helped rather than the two of them fighting separately. She'd been trained for her destiny as long as he'd been groomed for his, had accepted it years ago, and he could forgive her the tiny signs of fear that she could hide from everyone but him. District 2 Merith kept the score screen in the corner of her eye as she raised the bullhorn to her mouth again and let out a shout as another adult picture showed her name under it in big block letters. "Well done , Ana! I'll be fighting for you out there!" "No, bad choice!" Ina shouted into her own bullhorn, shaking her head. " I'm the one you want to watch in the coming weeks, I'm the one who will come back to you with the Chapion's crown!" Her eyes flicked to the board and she called out the names of those who were voting but hadn't placed a name yet, the men first: she always focused on the men first. "Jato, Carson, Anson— Merith won't give the capitol the show they want to see, the show you want to see! Vote for me, and you'll get the Games of your dreams !" She posed, thrusting out those oversized boobs of hers, and offering a wink right into the camera. "Only if you dream of losing ," Merith shouted back. "You've all seen our practices, seen the ads. Time and again I've shown my superiority! I'm the one you want representing you this year!" The boys were occasionally shouting, too, but it was pretty much obvious that Zander was going to the Games, and Drake had given in relatively gracefully, unlike certain vapid vamps who thought they could win the Games by flirting their way out of combat. But Merith was gradually drawing away from Ina—the people of District 2 weren't stupid after all—and now it was just a matter of time as her picture got bigger and Ina shrank into the obscurity she deserved. She didn't pause in her encouragement and prodding for votes, however. It may be only a matter of time, but that didn't mean it wasn't worth being absolutely certain. Merith had always been a fan of overkill. District 3 Almost nobody voted for the most advantaged kids. They might have if it had been a secret ballot, might have been glad on some level to see the most powerful, the ones who never had to take any tesserae chosen—but advantaged kids came from powerful families, and those families would punish those who voted for them. They chose among the families who would have no recourse. Smaller families, mostly, so there wouldn't be too many angry aunts and uncles and older siblings. Poor families. Kids with disabilities were chosen a lot. Bit and Byte Yeren were twins, sixteen, though Bit showed no signs of the soft curves of womanhood that maturity might grant her slim body, and Byte's shoulders were still narrow as well as being faintly stooped. Their mother had gotten pregnant with them not long after winning the Second game. She'd had a period of being rather promiscuous in the Capitol, and they were the result. She'd also had a period of heavily using a personally modified version of morphling that made it considerably stronger and longer lasting—and they were the result of that, as well. She'd known there was something wrong with them before she'd even given birth, and had tried three times to abort, but had been stopped by Capitol watchdogs each time. She'd tried to kill them as soon as they'd been born, but the doctor had saved them and they'd been raised in an orphanage. She died, not long after. But she hadn't been mistaken in her belief that they were not right . It was immediately apparent that, far from their mother's nearly incomprehensible genius, they were barely present in their heads. They could follow simple instructions. Eat. Get dressed—if their clothes were laid out. Lie down. Stand up. But that was the limit of their abilities. And it was almost instantly clear to everyone in District 3 that they were ideal candidates to send to the Hunger Games. District 4 Bella Carson's parents had been overly optimistic in naming her, and she had a smile that glittered knives and promised anyone who felt like pointing out her name's unsuitability would soon find themselves playing a scavenger hunt looking for the bones she'd be delighted to start removing from them. Despite her protruding forehead, muddy eyes, short legs, and long arms, she stood with quiet self-assurance as she watched her face growing ever larger on the screen, that glittering smile whispering of satisfaction, this time, instead of imminent death. She'd worked damned hard for this, and, while she didn't exactly get to volunteer, the School had put her name around, along with Finlay Corker's, as the ones appropriate to vote for. Cork was standing next to her, seeming, as always, more like an evil little kid than nearly a man. He was short and big boned and bouncing on the ball of his feet with excitement, looking maybe half his eighteen years. The ways the names showed on the board was kind of funny. The voter's picture would appear, and then her name. And then there would be a long hesitation before his joined her, as if they weren't quite sure the school actually meant him . He couldn't be the volunteer. He was too little and bouncy, like an eager puppy. Her smile glittered brighter and she ruffled his hair, earning herself a bright, eager smile back that filled his eyes right up and didn't show the slightest hint that he was imagining beating her to death with a stick. He'd always been good at hiding his feelings, way better than her. District 5 " Daddy !" Isra Rand shrieked, catching sight of her father far away in the crowd of grownups, staring at her where she stood on the stage. She waved madly. "Daddy, look at me! I get to ride the train!" Terent Laker, beside her, closed his eyes for a moment, and then forced a smile and reached up to pat her on the shoulder. She looked down at him, that grin as blazingly happy as always, and he was relieved that she'd never see through how weak his own was. "Let's go to the Town Hall now with the nice peacekeepers, okay?" he said. "Then your dad can see you before we go on the train." "Okay!" she agreed happily, slipping one big hand into his and the other into that of the startled peacekeeper on her other side. She offered her smile to him, then. "Thank you, Mr. Peacekeeper, for taking us. Peace is important!" Terent was bitterly pleased at the miserable expression on the peacekeeper's face. "Uh, yes, miss," he said. "This way, please." He tried surreptitiously to pull his hand away, but Isra stood over six feet tall and was built like an ox and once she got a grip on something, she never, ever let go until she wanted to. She swung her arms as they walked, Terent and the peacekeeper swinging theirs, perforce. Terent wasn't mad about himself. He'd know he was going in. After that accident three years back, well. He was the obvious choice. Nobody could prove him directly to blame, or he'd have been punished already, but everyone knew he'd started the fire. He hadn't meant to, but he'd done it. And finally he was getting the punishment the law hadn't been able to give earlier. But Isra hadn't done anything wrong. She couldn't if she tried! Sure, she was special, but she wasn't useless: she could clean and stuff: would for hours without dimming her spirits. And there was no way she should be sent to this . District 6 Dug Coggen snarled silently around him, glaring. Fuck them. Fuck them one and fucking all. They thought they were punishing him, thought they were avenging poor little Misty, who'd been goddamn asking for it with those short skirts and low-cut shirts, and with the lewd looks and her goddamn cocktease act of pulling away. As if he'd given her anything more than she'd fucking begged for. He wouldn't have had to hit her if she'd just admitted she wanted it—and they couldn't prove he'd done anything anyway. As for her father, that was obviously self-defense. The dumb fuck had come at him with a knife in public, and him hands as empty as the fucking priest's. Not a man in the world could blame him for taking the knife