Chapter 1 "Play with Fire" Disclaimer: We don't own anything that SM wrote (characters or plot lines). We do own some Twilight Pocket People, a million copies of each book and movie and two nice new crisp Wolf Pack posters. Oh, and we own Lillah and Carter. That's about it. A/N: This story has been a long time coming. We really hope that you enjoy reading it as much as we enjoyed writing it. Finally it's here, with an extra special thanks to dailyicandy. Lil-lah , Variant of Lily: Lily flower, a symbol of innocence; purity and beauty. Heart of mine, Be still You can play with fire, But you'll get the bill Don't let him know Don't let him know that you love him Oh, don't be a fool, don't be blind Heart of mine "Heart of Mine" - Norah Jones -0- I place a tray of sandwiches on the kitchen table and run to the door as soon as I hear the doorbell ring. I'm excited to finally meet Rachel Black face-to-face. Principal Green has teamed us up as co-coach's of the Forks High School cheerleading squad for the upcoming school year. I called Rachel yesterday to invite her over to my house for us to meet and discuss plans for the team, she happily agreed. When I open the door, I'm surprised. I shouldn't be, I've never fit the typical description of a cheerleader myself, even in high school. I have never been perky, blonde or tan, but for some reason, I assumed Rachel would be. Instead, she's about five inches taller than my five foot three frame. She has rich, reddish-brown skin, long, straight black hair, and wide-set, expressive eyes. She's not a typical cheerleader, but she's still beautiful. I feel short and fat next to her, but I still put on a welcoming face. "Rachel, I presume?" I extend my hand to shake, but she scoffs, pulling me in to a tight hug. "Lillah! It's so nice to finally meet you! And to have a co-coach that isn't ancient. Bless Mrs. Cope, but if she told me one more time 'This is how we've always done it' I think I would have pushed her off the cliffs!" I'm surprised by how friendly she is, making me laugh despite my nerves, "I'm glad to help, and to prevent you from having to push Mrs. Cope off the cliffs. I'm pretty sure that would mean jail time. Come on in." Rachel follows me into the kitchen, laughing along the way, "True, jail time would be bad. So I thank you for coming along before I had to go to extreme measures. My fiance would probably also thank you, I think he'd lose it if I were in jail. This is a beautiful house. You're husband isn't going to mind me being here, is he?" "Oh thanks, it was my grandparent's house. No husband or boyfriend to worry about. I do have a roommate, my cousin Angela. But she's out with her boyfriend, Ben, right now." We sit down at the table, where I've put out snacks and drinks. "Help yourself." "Thanks! So, Lillah, that's an unusal name." Rachel's smile is genuine, which helps to put me at ease. "Yeah, my mom's favorite flower is the lily, but for some reason my dad didn't like the name 'Lily'. My mom suspects an ex-girlfriend," I laugh softly. "So, instead, she found 'Lillah'. Dad agreed and here I am. My dad always jokes and calls me his 'innocent little flower'. It was cute at eight, at twenty-one, it's a little embarrassing!" Rachel wrinkles her nose, "Ugh, dads! They mean well, but still!" I have to laugh, because I get the feeling Rachel feels my pain in the Dad department, "Exactly!" "Are these cucumber sandwiches? Yum! Paul hates stuff like this." Rachel grins, trying a sandwich. "Paul, is that your fiance?" Rachel's smile lights up her face as she flashes her left hand at me. A simple, yet very pretty, diamond ring sparkles on her ring finger. "Yep! We are getting married next spring." "Lucky you. So tell me about yourself." I nibble on a cucumber sandwich, too excited to get to know Rachel better to eat much. "Oh, not much to tell. I grew up on the reservation in La Push with my dad, brother and twin sister. I've lived there my whole life, other than when I went to college. Came back home, met Paul, love at first sight and we've been inseparable every since. I taught for a few years at the school on the reservation, but moved up to teach at Forks High School last year. I teach the subject most people hate; math! But I balance out my math nerd ways by also being a cheerleading coach." Rachel smirks before continuing, "See, boring story. Now I want to know all about you. Especially how someone as adorable as you are could possibly still be single! The boys down at the Rez would love you." "Why do you think that?" I suppress my laughter. I like Rachel so far, she has a vibrant personality and seems genuine, but I think she's way off base on this one. "Have you looked in the mirror? Fair skin, strawberry-blonde hair, petite and curvy, and are your eyes grey? Girl, you are the complete opposite of a typical Quileute woman. The boys would eat you up. But enough compliments about how pretty you are, tell me your story!" I hesitate, "There really isn't much to tell." "Shush! I want to know it all. How are we supposed to be best friends if you don't tell me all about yourself?" I have to laugh. Rachel is pushy, demanding, and obviously blind if she thinks I'm pretty, but I have to admit, I really like her. I take a deep breath, then launch in to my story. -0- I was born and raised in Forks, as were my parents before me and my grandparents before them. I spent a lot of time with my grandparents while my mom and dad worked hard to provide for me. I wasn't spoiled, but both my parents and grandparents doted on me. If I ever asked for anything, within reason, it was willingly given to me. At the age of ten my dad was offered a partnership at his law firm, which meant we had to move to Seattle. In my ten year old heart and mind, it was the end of the world. I hated the idea of having to leave my grandparents and the few close friends I had there. My parents enrolled me in Seattle Prep. It's a prestigious school, and I should have been honored to have gotten in, but I spent the summer before my first school year there moping and brooding. Eventually I begged my parents to allow me to go spend a few weeks in Forks but they wouldn't hear of it, they wanted 'family time' and took me on vacation instead. When I started sixth grade that fall, I kept to myself most of the time. The kids at Prep weren't very welcoming, to say the least. They were all privileged and they used that privilege against other people, including the teachers. I was not into cliques or the 'mean girl' persona at all. Not many of the girls understood that and after while, they steered clear of me. To be honest, I really didn't mind at all, I was happy and well adjusted whether they wanted to be my friend or not. The next summer my parents finally allowed me to spend some time back in Forks. My best friend and cousin, Angela and I spent day and night at our grandparents' house. I loved being back home . Most kids would complain about the near constant rain, wanting to vacation somewhere sunny and warm. Not me, Forks was my safe place and I wanted rather desperately to be back there some day. Angie and I would play this game where we would pretend we were two single women sharing this beautiful old house. We'd 'throw parties' and pretend to be college students at Peninsula Community College. As I grew older, my fantasies turned a little. I would tell my grandmother I wanted to live in the house one day with my own family. To marry someone and raise my own house full of children here, just as she did. She would smile and pat my hand, telling me we can never control fate, only enjoy the life we have been presented with. I spent every summer in Forks until I reached my sophomore year of high school. The counselor at Prep informed me it would be great for my transcripts if I were to participate in some extra curricular activities. The only activities with openings were cheerleading and yearbook. I grudgingly signed up for both, the former was not something I looked forward to, the latter I didn't mind so much. I was 'hired' to take random pictures of the student body throughout the school year. I loved being behind the camera instead of in front of it, so it wasn't too big a deal. Around the same time I started dating a senior boy named Carter Baldwin. He was the football captain and wouldn't hear of dating someone outside of the cheer squad. He also wanted someone with family connections, lucky me, I fit the bill to a 't'. Carter's family was one of the founders of the infamous Starbucks Coffee conglomerate and he expected everything in life to just be handed to him. I honestly have no idea how he floated through high school because Prep wasn't an 'easy' school with courses you could just coast through. I studied my ass off every day, even doing extra credit projects, so I could fast track through high school. I didn't really have close friends at school, not even the girls on the cheer squad, whom I spent a good bit of time with, so I decided to graduate early and move on to college with Carter. I thought, at the time, it was a good idea moving on before most everyone my age. I'd gotten a little bored in my classes by my final year at Prep and hungered for more of a challenge, even taking basic college courses. Of course, Carter and his friends heckled me about being a bookworm, but I enjoyed learning more than I cared if they made fun of me. My parents and grandparents, who were all much more important to me, told me often how proud they were of me. Looking back, it was not my best plan to stick with Carter, he was a less than stellar boyfriend. He was a safe guy to date because I wasn't really in love with him. And he was your typical jock that oogled other girls and made rude comments, even when I was around. But it's not like I was looking for a great romance, because honestly, I believed Carter when he told me no other guys would be interested in me. After my high school graduation I followed Carter to the University of Washington. I lived in the freshman dorms while Carter's parents rented him an apartment. They assumed we would share it but I didn't feel comfortable living with him. Carter and his friends talked about the parties they planned to throw and I knew I didn't want to be caught up in that. I also knew I'd be able to focus on my school work more if I wasn't in an apartment that had a revolving door. The girl I ended up with as my roommate was pretty nice and enjoyed school as much as I did. During the start of my freshman year my grandfather passed and a few months later, my grandmother passed as well. It was so sad to lose both of them so quickly