Chapter 1 "Seasons of My Life" Disclaimer: Still not SM, sadly. But we hear rumors that she's considering a Jake/Ness story in the future. Huh. Summary: Part of the "Let Love In" series. Follow up to Losing Control , our Embry and Lillah (original character) fic. Reading LC isn't necessary but we encourage it. ;) Ness decides to go away to college before her best friend Jacob can imprint. But when Jacob finds out she's leaving for Seattle he can no longer keep his secret. Finding out the truth is just the beginning. A/N: We're sorry about the long authors note *hides* ... we just wanted to get this said. We know this has been a long time coming but we needed a break after finishing the monster that was Losing Control . Yes, this chapter is long. So far, this is the longest chapter we've written, but trust us, there is a LOT you need to know about what has led to the start of this story. Ness wants you to know all about who she is, because our girl is not JUST a vampire/human hybrid. We are so excited to share Jake and Ness' story with you. So we'll stop wasting time and get on with the show. Enjoy, and thank you for sticking with us. We love every single one of you more than we can ever say. We write because we love to. You guys falling in love with these characters is a really big bonus. Oh, mirror in the sky What is love Can the child within my heart rise above Can I sail thru the changing ocean tides Can I handle the seasons of my life Well, I've been afraid of changing cause I've built my life around you "Landslide" - Fleetwood Mac Ness' Point of View The second Dad stops the car at the corner of A Street, I know what I'm experiencing isn't real. I'm in that state of unconsciousness where you know you are dreaming but can't wake up. This happens to me often. One of the benefits of my ability is my memories playing back just like they happened in life. It's wonderful when I dream of happy times, but as this is a reoccurring one, I know it isn't the case tonight. This particular memory is from nearly a year ago, but it still ranks as one of the worst days of my life. I see out of my own eyes as the memory plays out in my mind. I lean over to give Dad a kiss on the cheek then reach for the door handle. I'm so excited for the day ahead that I jump out of the car, my heart thrumming along as I practically skip down the street. Jacob and I are going on a picnic. Alone. I feel my cheeks heating up just considering the possibility of being alone with Jacob. We don't get to do that often these days and I miss spending time with him. When he called this morning he asked me to meet him at the deli to pick out our food. Mom was a little offended that he didn't ask her to make something for us, but I didn't care. The food doesn't matter to me, all I care about is the company. Turning the corner, my eyes lock on Jacob. He's tall and muscular; his masculine face handsome with dark, alert eyes and lips that are often graced with a smile. When he looks at me it causes a hitch in my breath. Yes, I am a swoony teenage girl. Jacob Black means the world to me. He is my best friend, but I wish he was so much more. Although it's only been over the past year that my feelings for him have changed, that year is a large chunk of my life. Even though I look like I'm fifteen or sixteen; technically I'm only a few years old. I run straight for his open arms as soon as he turns toward me. He pulls me tight against his chest, swinging me around like he always has. I love being wrapped securely in his arms, but as I've gotten older, the enjoyment has changed. As a child, being in Jacob's arms felt safe and comfortable; now there is an odd electric spark that I feel whenever he touches me. When I'm curled into his body, my own feels like it is charged. I'm acutely aware of every millimeter of me that is touching him. Jacob gently sets me back down, but doesn't release me until I'm steady on my feet. That's when I notice Embry standing beside him on the sidewalk. Or at least, it looks sort of like Embry under that scruffy beard and messy hair. He looks rough. " Geez Embry, what happened? You look terrible." I am concerned for him; since he, like all of the wolves, is a dear friend of mine. It surprises me when Jacob starts laughing, but I feel a small sense of relief at the sound. Surely it can't be anything too bad if Jacob is enjoying Embry's discomfort. When I glance his way again, Jacob grins before leaning down, his lips brushing softly against my ear. I feel myself flush, my heart beating so quickly that it sounds like a steady hum in my chest instead of individual beats. I really hope he can't hear what he does to me. " Embry imprinted." Everything stops at those words; my heart, my breathing, even the blush that was making it's way up my neck pauses. Everything drops to my feet. When Jacob leans back, takes his heat away from me, I'm left with only cold chills of fear. I can hear Embry arguing with Jacob, but I'm so scared I can't focus on what they are saying. Embry imprinted. It has been so long since anyone imprinted that I assumed it would just never happen for Embry, Leah, Seth, and... Jacob. To me, it was just something I'd heard about- never witnessed. Admittedly, I've always hoped it wouldn't happen to Jacob. I just want to keep him for myself. I've also daydreamed that somehow Jacob would wake up one day and just magically imprint on me. I know that won't happen, imprinting just doesn't work that way, but a girl can still dream. The hope that our friendship would eventually change into more, into a relationship, is something I've clung to desperately. According to the legends I've heard; not every wolf has to imprint. They can still have long, happy lives with the people they love without imprinting. Considering that my rapid aging has begun tapering off, I thought Jacob and I would make the perfect pair someday. As long as he keeps phasing, he can live forever; just like me. I'd wanted today, this picnic, to be the start of that change. Instead of the start of something, this day has now dashed any and all hopes I might have had for a relationship with Jacob. If Embry imprinted, then that means any of the other wolves could still imprint. Including Jacob. I force myself to turn away from Jacob before he realizes how much this news has upset me. Pushing away my own sadness, I focus on the exciting part of the news: Embry has been alone and he deserves someone that makes him happy. " Who is she, Embry? Anyone I know? May I guess?" I ask my questions quickly, hoping to cover up the hitch in my voice. If Jacob realizes something is wrong he will immediately demand to know what is going on. I can't admit my feelings to him. Talk about embarrassing, especially if he doesn't feel the same way. It isn't until Embry shrugs that I finally manage to pull myself out of my own thoughts enough to realize something isn't right with my friend. He should be happy, excited to have met this woman that is his soul mate, but he isn't. He looks distressed and he seems...angry, which doesn't make any sense at all. I've never seen Embry angry before. " You can guess, but you'll never figure it out. Enjoy your picnic you two." Seeing a friend in pain hurts me. I want to make Embry feel better, make him laugh. Making a snap decision, I run after him, jumping on his back before he steps off the sidewalk. I'm laughing as I lean my face over his shoulder, trying to speak in my best threatening tone, "Tell me who she is or I'll bite you, Embry!" It works. Embry starts laughing, running down the sidewalk carrying me, shouting over his shoulder, "You wouldn't!" Joking around like this feels easy and it makes me happy to know I've at least made him laugh. Feeling him relax makes me giggle even harder as I choke out, "I don't want to, but to get the information I want, I will. Just ask Jake, I'm a biter." Embry stops where he is and I feel him glance back at Jacob. "Is that so?" I'm confused by the smirk on Embry's face. Then Jacob's eyes dart away, to the ground, and I realize what my words have implied. I didn't mean it in that way, but I'm surprised to see Jacob so uncomfortable. Odd . Thankfully, Embry doesn't say any more. Once he helps me down he gives me a hug. Nothing like the hug Jacob and I just shared; I don't become a ball of nerves when I hug anyone but My Jacob. As Embry steps back he huffs out, "Fine, her name is Lillah; she's a friend of Rachel's. Now go enjoy your picnic with Jacob. I've got to go get some work done. And don't tell anyone else!" I'm not surprised by his admission, more shocked that he wasn't interested in sharing it with me in the first place. Normally you can't get one of these guys to stop talking about his imprint. That Embry even hesitated for a moment confuses me, given what I know about the pack. I call out after him as he walks away. "Your secret is safe with me, Embry." If there is one thing I'm good at, it's keeping secrets. My biggest secret right now is how deeply I'm in love with my best friend, but secrets have been a part of my whole life. My safety and ability to exist depend on keeping secrets. Even though I will not share this information, I'm still excited to meet his Lillah. "You should bring her to the bonfire on Saturday. I want to meet the woman that stole your heart!" He doesn't comment, instead shuffling off to his truck. I run back to Jacob, but the excitement I felt earlier has been diminished by Embry's news. As we wait for our order at the deli, I cautiously press my hand to Jacob's cheek. "Embry didn't seem happy about..." I can't say the word 'imprinting', it hurts too much to even think it. I pull my hand back from his face, afraid I might share more than I plan to given how emotional I am. He lifts his eyebrow at me but when I don't respond, he shrugs, "He isn't. He thinks he can deny it." Jacob almost sounds like he is growling when he says 'deny'. "As if we could resist that connection." He glances at me then turns away. "It's impossible. He doesn't realize how lucky he is that he can have the one he's meant to be with." ' Impossible' is not what I want to hear. I sit quietly beside Jacob, doing my best not to let him see that something is bothering me. Even though it's Embry that has imprinted, it feels like I'm losing Jacob. Suddenly that application for the University of Washington that Dad placed on my desk last week seems very appealing. I don't want to be here when