Strange Visitors From Another Century Isilarma Chapter One: An Unexpected Journey Okay, so here it is. Parts of this chapter have been adapted from the first chapter of my previous story, but it is going to be very different. I hope you all enjoy it. Some of the dialogue and descriptions from the first section are taken from 'Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix' and are the sole property of J. K. Rowling. Disclaimer: I do not own Harry Potter and am not affiliated with Bloomsbury or Scholastic Inc. "Stupefy!" Harry sprinted for the exit as hundreds of glass spheres rained down around him. He was dimly aware of Hermione by his side, and he could hear Ron and Neville just behind him, but the majority of his attention was on avoiding the pursuing Death Eaters and falling missiles. Anger and guilt coursed through his body, but he forced it aside; there would be time enough to brood on the consequences of his actions after they escaped. If they escaped… He elbowed a charging Death Eater in the face and ran on. That was not their only narrow escape. At one point, a Death Eater got close enough to seize Harry's shoulder, but a well-placed Stunning Spell from Hermione sent the man flying away. Before long, though, they were out of the prophecy room and back in the room with the bell jar and the Time-Turners. The four teenagers cannoned inside, and Hermione cast a quick spell to seal it behind them. Harry nodded gratefully at her, but his relief soon faded. "Where are the others?" He was sure he had seen Ginny and Luna run past them earlier, but the two witches were nowhere to be seen. Ron went white at his words. "Ginny…" "They must have gone a different way," Hermione whispered. "We'll find them." Ron nodded tightly, but he didn't reply. "Listen," whispered Neville. Harry forced himself to listen calmly to Lucius Malfoy's orders, but the knot of terror in his stomach was growing steadily tighter. They were outnumbered two to one, and their opponents were hardened killers. How were they supposed to get out of there alive, let alone find Ginny and Luna? Hermione was visibly trembling. "What do we do?" Looking at her, Harry felt a surge of determination. He was responsible for their situation; it was up to him to get them out if it. "Well, we don't stand here waiting for them to find us, for a start," he said. "Let's get away from this door." They were nearly at the exit when they heard the Death Eaters break through Hermione's charm. All four threw themselves under the desks, just as two burly wizards burst into the room. "They might've run straight through to the hall," said a rough voice. "Check under the desks," said another. Harry didn't wait for them to find him. "Stupefy!" The red light sent the nearest Death Eater stumbling back into a large clock, but the second avoided Ron's attack and took aim at Hermione. "Avada-" "No!" Ron let out a roar of fury and launched himself at the man, just as Harry dashed across the room to help. The impact sent all three of them crashing into Hermione, who, in turn, fell back against the display of Time-Turners. "Stupefy!" The force of Ron's anger sent the Death Eater flying away, but he was not the only one to have performed the spell. Harry could only watch helplessly as Neville's own Stunning Spell flew past them and hit the cabinet. There was a dazzling explosion of red and gold then Harry felt a peculiar lurch in his stomach and everything went black. "He then spent the next ten minutes trying to convince me that the person responsible was his pet bowtruckle." Godric raised an eyebrow. "His bowtruckle ate his homework?" Salazar smirked. "Apparently so." Helga's blue eyes gleamed with amusement. "What did you do?" "Assigned him an essay on the importance of having a ready excuse." "Salazar," Rowena groaned. "Stop encouraging them." Salazar grinned at her. "It is an important life skill. But I also gave him a detention for neglecting the original work." Godric shook his head. "We may make a teacher out of you yet." "And it only took twelve years," said Helga. Her smile took the sting from her works, and Salazar's gaze softened as it met hers. Godric watched the pair of them, a small smile playing about his lips. Rowena, too, was content just to sit and enjoy her friends' company. She enjoyed teaching, they all did, but it had been a long term and they had all been feeling the strain. Now that the students had departed, she was looking forwards to a few weeks' rest. With all their responsibilities it was rare for the four of them to be able to spend much time together and they all appreciated the time to themselves. Looking round at them, Rowena couldn't help thinking back to their first meetings. Godric she had known since she was a child; their parents had been acquainted and the two young ones had seen each other fairly frequently growing up. Rowena shook her head. In many ways, Godric had hardly changed. He was still as unfailing good-natured as he had been as a child, and his fierce loyalty to his friends certainly hadn't changed, but he wasn't the same carefree spirit he had been. Years of travelling and fighting had turned the reckless hothead into a highly respected warrior and teacher, and as a Charms Master he was without equal. Despite that, he had retained a distinct, and Rowena felt not entirely appropriate, love of practical jokes. If Godric was one who had never fully grown up, then Salazar had been forced to do so far too quickly. Only Godric knew the full truth of their friend's past, but one would have to be stupid or unobservant not to be able to put the pieces together, and Rowena was neither. He might be the youngest of their quartet, but Salazar carried more scars than the rest of them put together. Not all of them were physical, but others... A slight frown crossed Rowena's face as her eyes rested on his crippled leg. It had taken Salazar years to trust them enough to talk about that injury, and even then he refused to go into details. Little surprise then that he had travelled paths the rest of them had refused to tread, but despite his past, or perhaps because of it, Salazar had proved to be a true friend and his support had been invaluable in establishing the school. Last, but certainly not least, there was Helga. Sweet, gentle Helga, who was often overlooked next to Godric and herself, but they were all well aware that Hogwarts would never have been possible without her. It had been her dream all those years ago that gave them purpose, and her unwavering belief in that dream had given them strength when things became difficult. They all knew better than to be deceived by the meek exterior; Helga had an indomitable will and she was completely dedicated to protecting those she cared about. She had also often proved to be the one who kept the peace whenever the inevitable arguments ensued. "Rowena?" Rowena started and looked up. "I'm sorry, what did you say?" Amusement replaced concern in Godric's green eyes. "You haven't heard a word I've been saying, have you?" Rowena felt her cheeks heat up under his gaze. "My apologies. I was distracted." "We noticed," said Salazar with a grin. He shot a sly glance at Godric. "Perfectly understandable, really." Godric rolled his eyes good-naturedly, but his retort was cut off as a dazzling flash of red and gold light filled the room. Despite being blinded by the brilliant display, all four mages were immediately on their feet, their wands raised ready to defend themselves. Rowena didn't need to see to know that Godric and Salazar had moved forwards in an attempt to take the brunt of an attack, but none of them were prepared for a jumble of bodies flying through the air and landing on the floor in front of them with a crash. In all the confusion, no one noticed the small glass ball the rolled across the floor and came to rest underneath Godric's chair. The light eventually faded enough for Rowena to make out three children, two boys and a girl. One of the boys had hair even brighter than Godric's, while the other had an odd framework of wire and glass perched on the end of his nose. All three wore black robes that appeared to be a uniform. A distinctly familiar uniform. Helga instinctively moved to go to them, but Salazar caught her eye and shook his head. Rowena nodded in agreement; Salazar could be over-protective, but in this case she understood the need for caution. The children seemed harmless, but these were dangerous times and they had good reason to be careful. They had made many enemies over the years. As they watched, the redheaded boy let out a groan. "Harry? Hermione?" The other boy, presumably Harry, grunted and raised his head. "What…" His eyes widened abruptly as he looked round. "Where are we?" The girl sat up carefully. "I don't know… Neville's spell must have reacted with the Time-Turners somehow." The first boy went pale. "Who cares how, Ginny's still there!" Harry scrambled to his feet. "And Luna and Neville. We have to get back!" He spun round, and finally noticed Rowena and the others. "Er, guys…" Godric stepped forwards, all traces of joviality gone from his face. "I do not know who you are, but you will now explain why you are here, and how you managed to bypass our wards!" None of the trio answered him, and his eyes narrowed. "I, Godric Gryffindor, demand that you identify yourselves at once!" The effect of his words on the strangers was remarkable. The girl let out a gasp and the boys exchanged stunned looks. The redhead swallowed. "Bloody hell." "Ronald!" the witch hissed. "Hermione, didn't you hear-" Ronald began indignantly, but the girl, Hermione, had already turned to face Godric. "I'm sorry sir, but could you tell us where we are?" Godric frowned but answered readily. "You are standing in Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. I am Godric Gryffindor, and these are my companions, Rowena Ravenclaw, Helga Hufflepuff and Salazar Slytherin." Rowena thought she saw a flicker of dislike in the boys' faces at the mention of Salazar's name, but she was more interested in the pure astonishment they all expressed at Godric's words. Hermione made a visible effort to pull herself together. "My…my name is Hermione Granger, and these are my friends, Ron Weasley and Harry Potter." The boys mumbled awkward greetings and she continued, "We honestly don't know what happened. We were fighting, then there was an explosion, and ..." She broke off and took a deep breath. "This is going to sound very strange, but what year is it?" Rowena raised an eyebrow, but the scathing retort died on her lips as the implications of the question struck home. Next to her, she felt Salazar tense as he came to the same conclusion. "Anno domini 1005," he said quietly. He ignored a muffled exclamation from Ron, and the strange wariness in Harry's eyes, instead keeping his gaze fixed on Hermione's suddenly pale face. "And I think that I should be asking you the same question." Hermione shook her head numbly. "This isn't possible." "Nothing is impossible," Rowena corrected automatically. "Answer the question please." Harry spoke for the first time then. "It is…was… 1996." His voice was surprisingly steady. "Nearly one thousand years in the future." There was stunned silence. If they were telling the truth... Rowena's mind reeled at the implications. Then the spell was broken and Godric and Helga whirled to Rowena. "Is this possible?"