Shadow Forge: Chapter 1 I ran through the trees fear fueling my steps, I could not stop or they would catch me. They screeched their voices so harsh to hear that I almost stopped running to cover my ears. The only thing that I had going for me was the fact that I was not the only one they were chasing and the forest prevented them from getting their horses to a full gallop. Around me ran four children, or at least that is what I thought they were. Their voices were not those of children and I had as of yet not been able to get a good look at them. I ran taking a leap as I nearly cleared some bushes causing the black rider to have to halt his horse. I had not realized how close he had come to catching me. As I landed on the other side of the bush I ran right into one of the children they gave a cry of alarm but I did not stop rather took his arm and pulled him along. "Run." I said my breath in short rasps, he seemed to realize that I was too being chased as he took my hand and led me towards the river. "Come on!" One of the other children yelled and I saw what they were all running towards a small raft that was tied to a dock. Two were on the raft already pulling the ropes that secured it free. We got onto the raft just as the two were pushing it away from the dock. I turned to see one more child running towards the raft. "Run Frodo!" The other three screamed. "No!" The one named Frodo cried out as he realized the raft was being taken by the current of the river. "Run! Jump!" The three yelled and Frodo did so as one of the black riders was bearing down on him. He narrowly landed on the edge of the raft and two of the children grabbed him so he would not fall backwards. The rider pulled the reigns of his horse back sharply causing the animal to skid to a stop on the edge of the dock. The rider gave a screech and turned his horse meeting up with three other riders all turning down the road disappearing in the darkness. "Who is she?" One of the children asked as they regained their breath. All eyes turned on me and I felt very uneasy now. "She was being chased same as us!" One who was heavier than the other three said defensively. "Please, I do not mean you any harm. It is true I was running from those black riders also." I said trying to assure them that I meant no harm. "Do you know why they were chasing you?" "I do not. Do you know why they were chasing you?" "Well no." One said sounding slightly embarrassed for asking. "I am Eirian." I said introducing myself as I sat on the raft the children looked at each other for a moment and then began to introduce themselves. "I am Samwise Gamgee." The one who had led me onto the raft said. "I am Meriadok Brandybuck." "I am Peregrin Took." "I am Frodo Baggins." After all introductions were done and I got a good look at the four of them I decided that they were not children but some race I did not know. This was not saying much, I could hardly remember more than my own name. Since I had woken in the forest lost and confused I did not know where or who I was. "Do you know what those things were?" I asked softly as if anything more than the sound of the river would bring the dark riders down on us. "No, Sam and I must get to Bree though." Frodo said and seeing the exchange of looks between Frodo and Sam I realized that it was something of far more import than a simple journey that required them getting to Bree. "I would help you if you would allow me too." I did not know why I offered my help, something urged me to stay with the four of them as if it would lead me to the answers I needed. The answer as to who I was. The four of them looked a bit shocked at my offer but a smile spread across their faces. "Yes you can come with us." Pippin said with a great deal of cheer in his voice. They all seemed slightly more at ease after I had offered my aid to their journey. I did not know why they were so comforted but perhaps this was also a question I would have answered in time. "How far is it to the nearest crossing?" Frodo asked looking at Merry who was pushing the raft along the river keeping us centered. "Twenty miles." He answered with a wary look to the forest that now surrounded the river. When we reached the gates of Bree it was raining and we were all soaked through. Those twenty miles had taken us several hours to cross and it was late into the night. We all stood huddled around the gate looking up and down the road nervously. Frodo knocked on the door to the gate and a porthole opened revealing an old man who gave me a sour look before slamming the small window open and opening one that was lower and grouched at Frodo. "What do you want?" "We are heading for the Prancing Pony." Frodo said. The grizzly old man closed the lower porthole and opened the door holding out a lantern to get a good look at us all. "Hobbits! Four hobbits and an Elf. What business do you have in Bree so late?" "We wish to stay at the inn, our business is our own." Frodo said and the old man looked down at him realizing that Frodo was the leader of the group. "Sorry young sir I meant no offense. It's my job to ask questions after dark, talk of strange folk roaming about. Can't be too careful." He said as he stepped back letting us enter. He gave us each a look over as we passed and I sensed his eyes linger on me more than the Hobbits. Perhaps it was that I had no cloak even though we were soaked to the bone. As it was my ice green dress was dripping with rain water, though it had cleared much of the dirt that had covered the hem and sleeves I was a mess. Inside the town of Bree was far fouler than the forest outside, had it not been for the safety the walls offered from the black riders. The rain beat down upon the town and the streets were of mud. So narrow were the roads that we were jostled around. It got to the point that the hobbits huddled around me so as to not get lost in the crowd. I hand my hand on Pippin's shoulder and held onto the edge of Sam's cloak keeping those two closes as Merry and Frodo were then bubbled in the makeshift huddle. I was happy that we did not have to venture long before we found the Prancing Pony. Though upon entering the inn my senses were assaulted by the smell of smoke, beer, and a scent that I could not name but perhaps I did not want to know what that smell was. "Excuse me!" Frodo called to the inn keeper who had to lean over the counter to see Frodo. "Good evening little masters, if you're looking for accommodations I have some nice cozy hobbit size rooms available. Always proud to serve the little folk mister…?" "Underhill, my name is Underhill. We are friends of Gandalf could you tell him we have arrived?" The inn keeper got a puzzled look and said. "Gandalf? Oh yes! I remember now! Elderly chap, big grey beard pointy hat. I've not seen him for six months." Frodo turned to face the group and we seemed to come to a silent agreement that even though the person to wait for was not there we would spend the night. We sat at a table trying to be inconspicuous but I realized that being the only woman in the inn let alone an elf was not conducive for not being noticed. My eyes drifted over the crowds of men though none save one met my gaze. The man sitting in the corner smoking; though he sat in shadows I could see by the light from his pipe that he was watching us. Every time I would look to him he would meet my gaze until I looked away. "You sure you don't want any bread and cheese?" Sam asked offering me some of his food. Though the hobbits had eaten a hearty meal and were now moving on to drink I felt no desire to eat or drink. I held my hand up slightly in refusal and said. "I am fine." Sam turned his attention back to the room and with a glower said. "That fellow has done nothing but stare at us since we came in." He pointed his slice of cheese towards the corner to the man who was smoking. Frodo glanced over and stopped in inn keeper as he was passing. "Excuse me, that man in the corner, who is he?" the inn keeper followed Frodo's gaze and gave a little start before turning back. "That's one of them rangers, dangerous folk they are. I don't know his right name but round these parts they call him Strider." With that the inn keeper moved off and I looked back to the man Strider. He sat there unmoving but he seemed to know that we were aware of him for he gave the slightest of nods. "What is that!?" Pippin asked looking in awe at the massive tankard of ale Merry settled down with at the table. "This my friend is a pint." "It comes in pints?! I'm getting one!" Pippin said getting up and heading for the bar. "You've had a whole half already!" Sam said trying to stop Pippin though the comment went unheard. I sat watching Merry trying to down the whole of the pint in one long gulp before something odd occurred. There was a whispering long and seductive. It took me a moment to understand what it said. 'Baggins….Baggins…..' Looking around I noticed that I was not the only one to hear the whispering as some turned towards Frodo. "Baggins? Sure I know a Baggins! Frodo Baggins. He is my second cousin twice removed on his mothers side." Pippin said from the bar where he was talking to some men with his pint. Frodo heard this and got up quickly going to Pippin. "Pippin!" Frodo said grabbing his arm, Pippin turned pint in hand and Frodo tripped falling backwards. "Steady on!" Pippin called as Frodo fell to the ground and when his landed he lost a ring and it went flying up in the air. He reached out for the ring and it slipped over his index finger and he disappeared. At the sight of this my heart skipped a beat with shock Frodo was just gone, a moment later he appeared again. Just as he did though Strider grabbed his shirt and said something before dragging him off. "Sam!" I said calling attention to Frodo being ushered upstairs, he had seen this also for Sam got Merry and Pippin and we all followed after Frodo and Strider. On the way we had taken items to use as weapons if needed. Sam held a candelabra and I had found a fire prod. We burst into the room with Strider and Frodo and Sam gave a warning though Strider held a sword drawn. "Let him go! Or I'll have you Longshanks!" Strider