Temperance Chapter 1: 'Senia hadn't been one to seek adventure or go looking for trouble; she didn't expect to have an exciting life and didn't truly want it. She sought to finish her degree in computer engineering and to work for a company like Google or Microsoft. Her ambitions didn't send her into day dreams. She was by all definitions an unambitious girl. She didn't think of herself as any sort of athlete or artist. She was good with math she liked being able to type HTML and C++ and have it create something as wonderful as a program. If someone asked her friends they would describe her as an overly kind person who was almost always happy. She was a loyal confidant to their troubles and sang whenever the mood caught her. She loves music and though she is no great singer she seemed to have a song for just about every occasion…' "Senia! Stop writing that application paper and come out with us!" Rachel a rambunctious blond with the mentality of a six year old said with a smile. I looked up from my lap top and smiled saying. "I need to get this done. I'll go next time I promise." I turned back to my computer about to start typing the college application essay once more when Rachel grabbed my arm and dragged me from the swivel chair I sat in moments ago. I fell to the ground dragging Rachel down with me, who decided that she would rather land on me than the floor. I yelped as she sat her butt on my stomach. "Rachel! Get up I can't breathe!" I gasped out trying to catch my breath as Rachel made a fake offended face and said. "Are you calling me fat? I'll show you!" She said with a broad smile then proceeded to plank me. Had we been anywhere but our high school people would have looked at us awkwardly. Though for us it was common enough to see Rachel take part in the popular ritual of lying on things. "Are you two done being premarital together and ready to go?" Duncan asked with a smile, he was our closest guy friend. Though from what I could guess he was the only guy that could put up with Rachel's untamed enthusiasm. "Duncan! Help! I'm going to die!" I stretched my hand out towards him in a plea for help though the smile on my face and laughter bubbling up in my throat told of no need for rescuing. Regardless he considered the plea for help then grabbing Rachel around the waist lifted her off me enough that I could crawl out from under her. Then he dropped her, Rachel gave a yelp of protest as she realized he wasn't actually going to pick her up. "You're being such a meanie Duncan!" Rachel whined rolling over to lay on her back looking up at us. "You know that you shouldn't plank Senia. She is too small, you could actually crush her." "I'm not that heavy." Rachel pouted, I rolled my eyes and closed my laptop and put it in my backpack. Saying as I nudged her with my foot. "I'm five foot three. You are a six foot super model. You have the boobs and butt to crush me." Rachel smiled at that, she wasn't actually a model, though she was auditioning for several minor rolls in ads to supplement her carrier instead of going to college. I smiled back, and though I would never admit to it, I was infinitely jealous of her beauty she looked like a Barbie doll and seemed to never get a zit. Next to her my plane looks were made even worse. My hair was the color of mud and my eyes the color of pea soup, my skin was two shades too light and my face almost always sported a zit across my forehead. "Are we going out or what?" Duncan asked and Rachel nearly bounced up. "Yes! Yes we are!" "I have to get my applications finished they are due next week." Duncan and Rachel each grabbed one of my arms and said in near unison as they pulled me out of the library and towards the schools parking lot. "Not on your birthday." Rachel seemed to think that more persuasion was needed and continued on. "It is your eighteenth birthday and you want to spend it writing essays. We as your friends have an obligation to make you have fun today. School is done and it is time for you to have fun. Besides it's not like we are going anywhere too scandalous." "Don't let her scare you we are going to do bumper cars at the arcade." It had gotten dark early as it was February and driving in the winter had always made me nervous though I trusted Duncan to drive, I didn't trust Rachel. Who, was now driving. I sat in the back seat and hummed a song to myself, I had forgotten the words to this particular song though I recalled it from a children's movie about a girl who was a delivery witch. Rachel ran a red light and the oncoming headlights were there for a moment before the world shattered into chaos. The chilling sound of ripping metal and breaking glass hit with a screeching of tires and a series of screams, the briefest vision of a figure in white, then nothing. ~~O~~ "Where do you suppose she came from?" I heard a man ask, I didn't open my eyes. I had a splitting head ache and felt nauseous. A deep voice of an older man answered the first. "I am not sure, it is clear some magic brought her here though it was nothing of my doing I assure you." I was confused by the older man's words, magic? There was no such thing. I groaned and opening my eyes I was blinded by a golden light. Closing them immediately I slowly opened them a fraction to let them adjust to the bright light of an afternoon sun. Two men stood over me one looked to be about forty with long black hair and the other was an old man with a great grey beard. "Ah you are awake," The older man said with a smile. "Child, do you remember how you got here?" I frowned and pushed myself up to a sitting position and wavered slightly putting my hand on my head trying to steady myself. "No, I was going to the arcade and bumper cars then light and a lot of noise… I can't remember…" I trailed off looking around me, taking in the strange architecture of the building I was in and the strange way the two men were dressed I was confused, no one dressed in velvet robes and no one wore their hair so long. "Where… where am I?" I asked unable to hide the sudden fear in my voice. "You have no reason to fret. You are safe in Imladris." The younger of the two spoke; now that I looked at him I realized how critically he was sizing me up in that moment. I wondered if he expected something remarkable to surface once I was awake that would put me on an equal level with Rachel's looks. Wait, where was Rachel? "Where are Rachel and Duncan?" I asked, I didn't remember what exactly happened but I knew I had last been with them. "You were alone when you arrived. Do you truly not remember how you got here?" The younger of the two asked. I shook my head; the younger man nodded slightly and continued to explain. "We were in the middle of a council when you appeared in a flash of light and fell on several of the council members." "Oh my god, I didn't hurt anyone did I?" I asked realizing that if I fell on people then I could have hurt them. Where I was falling from or how I came through a flash of light confused the heck out of me, none of it made any sense and I was certain that I was in a rather weird dream. "No, you did not hurt anyone. Though is it a normal occurrence for you to fall on people? You seem rather at ease with the idea." The older man asked. "Well no. I never go anywhere high enough to fall on someone. I would just feel really bad if I had hurt someone. I'm sorry. I am just really confused and I don't know where I am. I have never heard of Imladris, I've lost my friends and my applications are due next week and my head is splitting." I said running my hand through my hair. The two exchanged a look then the bearded man spoke. "I apologize it seems we have forgotten our manors. I am Gandalf the grey, and this is Lord Elrond of Rivendell. What is your name?" The sudden change in attitude was odd they apparently had come to some consensus through the look and now were on a different train of thought. "I'm Senia." I said warily, I didn't know why they suddenly cared about who I was. It made sense that they wanted to know how I got there, hell I wanted to know how I got here too. "Lady Senia you should rest you did hit your head when you fell. Which is perhaps the reason your head is 'splitting'? Food will be brought for you later, for now rest." Elrond said then he and Gandalf turned and left. As the younger man turned I noticed his ears were pointed, quickly I looked at Gandalf's ears unable to see them through the unruly grey hair. They departed leaving me in the bright room panicking. The guy had pointed ears. Where the hell was I and why were they having some strange costume party? I had to get out of here, I needed to find Rachel and Duncan and get the hell away from this place. The sky outside looked like late afternoon which meant that we had been separated at least ten hours. If we had been kidnapped our time was quickly running out for being found. I recalled a show I had seen on dateline about most kidnappings that if not solved in the first forty eight hours never got solved. It wasn't until I swung my legs out to the side of the impossibly large bed that I realized my clothing had changed. I was in a simple green dress with a skirt that was too long for my height. They had changed my clothes I realized with a chilling understanding that someone, probably the two men had seen me naked. I got up off the bed and went around the room searching for a television or computer anything that could give me a clue as to where I was. In all my hours spent watching the travel channel I had never seen a place that looked remotely like the area outside the glassless windows. Shelf after shelf there were only books in every table and dresser there was only paper and clothing. I didn't expect to find a television or computer but the realization that there was none made me panic even more. I nervously ran my hands through my hair, how the hell was I going to get away? With no other ideas I went to the door and warily looked out. It wasn't locked which meant that they weren't worried that I would get away. As soon as I confirmed the hallway to be clear of people I edged my way out. Though I held the too long skirt of the dress up I was still tripping over it as I rushed down the hallway and through the twisting hallways. Twice I came abruptly out of the hallway to a small court yard that served as a