A Hint of Dawn Disclaimer: I do not own Lord of the Rings. All characters from the LOTR books or any other of Tolkien's works belong to him. Also, this story is rated T for occasional strong language and mature themes. I am not fully sure if it is the right rating, so be warned. This story is going to go by a hybrid of book–Tolkien lore, movie-lore and my own ideas. For the purpose of this story, some Tolkien-lore is overlooked, like the fact that elven lovemaking means marriage, wherever and whenever it happens, and other elves can immediately tell the elf is married. Seeing as you probably read the summary before reading this, I'm sure you understand why. Let us hope Tolkien will forgive me. That said, thank you for reading, and I hope you enjoy the story! Prologue: Chance meetings Amariel sighed quietly, readjusting the strap on her shoulders as she moved through the forest. It was eerily quiet, yet she had grown used to this by now. It was always quiet in the forest these days, quiet and dark. The only sounds were the occasional rustle of leaves above, or snap of broken twigs in the distance. Usually the latter sound sent her skittering up a tree, fearful of whatever might meet her. It had in actuality happened now, but a minute passed, but she soon found there was no danger. Only a lone deer grazing in the distance. Even so, her abrupt movements had caused her satchel to move the other way, making it's strap on her shoulder glide from the comfortable crevice it had found. Now it simply would not remain in place. With a quiet huff of irritation, Amariel pulled the strap up her shoulder once more in a jerked move, causing the bottles inside it to clank against each other. She froze as the sound seemed to echo in the silent forest, then felt a twinge of guilt. The sound of the contents within had reminded her of why she was here, of her own cowardice. She wondered if perhaps she should go back, return to her family who most surely would notice her absence soon, if they had not already. But then, she didn't want to. She had gone for a reason, seeking the reprieve of the forest. One glance around made her almost want to laugh at that thought however. Mirkwood, a reprieve? The forest was dark and dank, infested with spiders and poisoned by evil. In truth, it was quite the wonder that she even dared go out here alone, particularly considering her reason for leaving the palace in the first place – fear. She should fear the forest more, and yet here she was. What was it Legolas had said? "You let petty fears overrule the real dangers you face.". Perhaps he had been right in the end. After all, here she was in Mirkwood, all alone, fleeing a celebration. The celebration of her own mother, no less. A deep sigh escaped her lips at that. Her mother. Legawen – green maiden. It was such a harmless name, one that did not promise danger of any kind. And yet if one only judged by the name, one would not be ready for the personage that carried it. For her mother had been a leader, an unofficial queen of the silvan people. She had been beautiful and talented, quick in words as she was in arms, brave in the face of danger. In short everything Amariel longed to be. And yet, had she succeeded at all? Amariel was shy, unsure of what to do or say when faced with opposition. The only weapon she could use well was the bow and arrow, for she could never meet an enemy face to face. And as for talents? She had grown up in the shadow of her family. In the shadow of her father, a strong unwavering leader of the people. In the shadow of her mother fair and beloved lady of the silvans. And even in the shadow of her two brothers, Aglar, strong like his father, skilled with words like his mother, and Legolas, kind and brave, a born fighter of and for the people. Compared to them, she had no talents, no particular skills. All she had learned to do was hide. To move swiftly and silently from any scary situation, be it danger in the forest, or simply prying questions or disapproving stares. She had even learned to escape the palace altogether on days when dire need arose. That is my skill , she thought. The skill of a weakling . This day was one of the days she had use for her "talent". It had been the anniversairy of her mother, and they had held a banquet in her honour. Sindar and silvans alike had arrived from all over the forest, to pay homage to the queen they had loved so dearly, and speak with the royal family, offering their condolences as was custom. She had hated standing there, having so many look up at her, having so many speak with her. It was not that they were cruel, or even unkind. No, in fact it was the opposite. They were all kind and caring, and when they looked at her she saw love in their eyes, like they had for the rest of the royal family. But with her it always felt different, for the love was not aimed at her. When they looked at her, they saw only her appearance, and her looks which she inherited from her mother. They loved her for that memory, not for her. How many times had she been congratulated on her countenance, told that she carried on her mother's legacy? She did not want anyone to misunderstand. She loved her mother, and she was thankful that she inherited her likeness. It was a compliment after all. And yet, when she was reminded of it, it still felt wrong. The truth was, she did not carry on her mother's legacy, or even her father's. Her brothers did, like she never could. So why then, had she drawn the longest straw at their births? Why had she inherited the beauty of her mother when she was least deserving of it? And particularly when she thought about what she had done, or failed to do. It seemed like mockery to her that Iluvatar had bestowed upon her her mothers likeness when she would one day be partly to blame for her demise. And so the undeserved compliments had become more than she could handle. As soon as the main banquet ended and the guests moved to the hall of trees for socialization, she retired quietly and snuck out of the palace. For a moment she wondered what her family would say, or in particular, her brother, Legolas. He was the one that always found her, searching with his patrol. Perhaps he would bring up their old joke, the one that he used whenever he found her wandering around in the wilds after a convenient flight. But then, maybe he wouldn't. This time she doubted he would, not with extra weight in her bag. The weight of dorwinion, the finest wine on Arda. Atleast it was according to her people. She wouldn't know what others thought. She'd never been outside of Mirkwood, nor met any foreigner except for maybe one or two human merchants of Laketown. No foreigner other than… those men. She drew her cloak closer about her at the memory, tendrils of fear snaking up her back despite knowing none of them lived today. Her father had never introduced her to anyone outside of the races she belonged to by heritage. To a certain extent, she did not mind. She had only seen the merchants of Laketown at a distance when she was but an elfling, and it had been by mistake. Perhaps not on her part, for Amariel had fully intended to see these people she kept hearing of, but it was not intended by her father. She understood why now, her memory of her last encounter with that foul race all too clear in her mind. Today she only wondered why they had not lectured her harder for such utter folly and recklessness. Either way it was a major reason to why she had not chafed overly at her father's overprotectiveness - she had no desire to know any more of the human race, and the wanderlust of her younger years had been quickly subdued when she'd heard they had all but taken over the world, with only a few exceptions. But that still left the other elven races unknown to her. She had met none other than the mix of races Mirkwood provided, which was sindar, silvans, and avari who finally moved west. But they were all similar in coloring, though the avari could often have darker tones of skin, their hair was always in tones ranging from brown, to red to blonde, eyes always green, blue, or hazel. The thought made her want to sigh. Beauty and outer appearance was such a shallow thing, she reminded herself, and yet it chafed at her to know she had never even seen an elf with silver or black hair, even though she'd heard they were a common colors outside of Mirkwood. She wondered how it would look for a moment, and whether the "black haired" elves truly had black hair, or if their hair was simply dark brown and might sometimes look black. When that thought truly registered, Amariel shook her head in exasperation, and tried to push it aside. This was a foolish thing to be thinking of, for she really needed to be concentrating on the forest, watching out for any spiders or other potential dangers. She knew where she was headed it was safe, as she had gotten an overview of patrolling plans and had chosen that particular clearing since none went there this week, yet it was pretty surrounded by patrols and thus protected. However, the journey there was not as safe. As if to prove her thoughts, something snapped in the woods and Amariel stopped and twisted immediately, aiming her bow in the general direction of the sound. She remained in that position for a while, completely silent and listening. AHoD AHoD With a heave, Elladan stuck his sword in the heart of an orc. Then he whirled, pulling it out to parry another orc that he heard coming from behind. Around him swords clashed and arrows whined as they hit their targets. It was a hard fight. When he disposed of his orc, Elladan was free for a moment and looked around. The battlefield was bloody, yet only orcs were lying dead on the ground. That was because this was their ambush, not one of the orcs. They had tracked them for a long time, down from the high pass and all the way to the borders of Mirkwood. Here, they had finally ambushed them using the cover of the trees to their advantage. Elladan smiled grimly as another orc fell to an elven sword. They had finally gotten what they deserved. He never repented killing orcs; foul beings they were. Then his mind turned to his twin. Usually they fought together, but last he'd seen him, he had been fighting two orcs and unable to stay close. He spotted Elrohir a moment later, fending off a warg. The rider was dead, hanging of it's saddle. Behind him, another orc was groaning and getting to his feet. With a cry, Elladan ran for his brother, knocking one orc over the head with the hilt of his sword as he passed. When it fell he saw his second in command, Sadron, looking at him, startled. "I had that one," he growled and raised his sword to finish the job. "I know," Elladan said, just as he reached his brother. Elrohir only spared him