So here we are once again my beloved readers! I have missed you :') **IMPORTANT** To any new readers, this story is a sequel (sorry but my blurb word count got filled up). The first story is called "The Fea Vairar". It is a Legolas/OC Tenth Walker story, and I promise you it isn't the stereotypical kind of one. I have to point out that my writing dramatically improves as the story progresses, so if you do decide to read it, then please bear with some of the beginning... I don't have time to edit at the moment :/ ANYWAY! Here is the blurb of it for you: Fea Vairar Blurb "Since the First Age, Fea Vairars have used their unique talent to safeguard the innocents of Middle Earth from the darkness in the east. The destruction of Sauron brought about their extinction as their gift was not needed during times of peace. But now a Fea Vairar has been born once again, and she must take up the mantle of her forebears, defending the ringbearer at all costs." So, welcome readers old and new to chapter one of "The Last Weaver". I hope you enjoy! Disclaimer: This sequel was inspired by the incredible story 'Revelations' by Aralinn. It is a Legolas/OC like none other on this wonderful site, and deserves many more follows/favourites than it has, as it is truly spectacular. I advise reading it... DO IT! DO IT NOW! It was the First day of October, in the second year of the fourth age. Peace had fallen upon Middle Earth, and many people were happier than they had been in living memory. Hunting parties from Rohan and Gondor had traversed the vast lands of the East, scouting what was believed to be the remains of the orcs of Mordor. If ever a party found the creatures, then they dispatched of them appropriately. The ents, headed by Treebeard, who had been managing Orthanc for nearly three years to see it purged of evil, finally left the confines of Isengard to return to their duties as tree-herders, and to also continue their search for the long lost Ent Wives. Gondor had grown into a wealthy and prosperous nation since the return of the King. The crumbling structures of Minas Tirith had slowly been cleared and refurbish, so the city now gleamed like a diamond with many facets on the horizon. Because of the transformation, Aragorn had seen fit to reinstate the city's original name of Minas Anor (the Tower of the Rising Sun) to reflect the changes that it had undergone. Also, the threat of Mordor had finally been crushed, so the name 'the Tower of Guard' was no longer deemed necessary. Rohan had also flourished in the two years of peace. Eomer had been crowned King and First Marshal of the Mark once Theoden's body had been laid to rest. Soon after, a marriage was announced between himself and a gondorian woman called Lothiriel It was soon revealed that they first met during the celebrations of Aragorn's coronation, and fell in love soon after. After an unusually short period of courting, there was a lavish wedding in Edoras on the last day of the first year of the fourth age, as the love Eomer and Lothiriel shared was strong and pure. At the time where our story begins once again, Lothiriel is 6 months pregnant with her first child and living happily as Queen-Consort in Edoras, alongside King Eomer and her sister-by-marriage Eowyn, whom she cares for greatly.. Life, however, had not been so peaceful in Mirkwood. Desperate to return it's rightful name of Greenwood the Great, King Thranduil had sent out numerous scouting parties since before Legolas and Kalina's return. Their purpose was to travel through the depths of the forest in search of the spiders and other dark creatures that had crept from the depths of Dol Guldur and infected the woodland with darkness. It proved to be a great struggle for the mountain-dwelling elves, even with the new aid of Kalina's affinity with Earth through her gift. Each scout mission into the corrupted depths of the forest would explore further into the undergrowth, assessing the safety of the areas, and killing any dark creatures they stumble upon. Once an area was deemed to be 'clean' of the darkness, a small, sindarin glyph would be quickly marked into the wood of the trees on the perimeter, signifying the extent of the now 'healthy' forest. Legolas and Kalina had not allowed themselves to be excluded from these scouting parties. They left together in a group of elves on a monthly basis, doing their part to aid in the cleansing of the forest. Each month, their small scouting party would consist of Legolas and Kalina, Cirthil, Cithiel, Brinduin, Amara, Tinol, and occasionally Tauriel if her duties permitted it. The group of elves quickly became close friends, having travelled to Mirkwood from Lothlorien together six months previously. As of yet, no great danger had presented itself during these week-long excursions into the depths of the forest, and although the progress was slower than anticipated, the group where gladdened to witness the gradual increase in the area size of the 'healthy' forest. So now, this is where our story begins anew; The morning of Kalina's seventh scout party since her arrival in Legolas' home. Life in the unfamiliar wood had proven to be far greater than Kalina anticipated, and the different culture and lifestyle interested her greatly. However, all beings in Middle Earth at this very moment in time are unaware of the growing darkness, taking root once again in evil and corrupted places. Unhindered by destroyed curses of old and unnoticed by all, this sentience is returning to the world, its power growing at an alarming rate. Soon, its evil will be unleashed on the world, destroying all in its path and casting a lifeless shadow across the four corners of Middle Earth. Kalina and Legolas were sitting peacefully together together on a small bank bordering the Silmaril Lake. The crisp morning air ruffled the leaves of the trees, their colours a wash of gold, red, rust and brown. It was a bright autumn morning, the waning summer sun allowing the last of it's heat to warm the faces of the elves as they sat quietly, watching the glittering surface of the lake as the sun slowly began to rise in the East. "What do you think Eowyn will be wearing?" Kalina asked quietly as she leaned into Legolas' chest, pulling her eyes from the crystal-like surface to look upwards into his eyes. "What do you mean?" Legolas asked curiously, his voice laughing slightly. "I mean Eowyn's wedding dress!" Kalina laughed teasingly. "What else would I be talking about when her wedding to Faramir is so close at hand?" An official invitation had arrived at the Elven City a month previously, bearing the news of Eowyn and Faramir's coming Rohirric wedding, and also Kalina and Legolas' invitation to the celebration. The traditional Gondorian wedding had already come to pass, however to satisfy the traditions of both Eowyn's and Faramir's roots, a Rohirric wedding was to be held also. The congregation for this wedding was to be much larger than that of the first, and invitations had been sent as far north as Erebor and Mirwood (for Gimli, Legolas and Kalina), and as far west as the Shire (for Frodo, Merry, Pippin, Sam and his new wife Rosie). When the messenger arrived, having already travelled to the Shire, Kalina and Legolas were delighted to hear of Sam's wedding to Rosie, and also of the birth of their first daughter Elanor. "Why should you worry yourself about what Eowyn will be wearing?" Legolas asked, moving his arm around Kalina and pulling her closer to him. Kalina released a muffled protest at Legolas' words as she pulled herself from his arms and turned to glare at him, folding her arms in anger. "In case you haven't noticed, I am a woman, Legolas." She huffed, the tone of her voice clearly insulted. "I am allowed to wonder at what Eowyn will be wearing, because on the contrary to popular belief, I am interested in that kind of matter!" Legolas stared incredulously at Kalina for a moment, before he attempted to stifle a laugh behind his hand, forcing to appear as more of a coughing fit. Kalina narrowed her eyes at him, frowning as Legolas coughed awkwardly once more before removing his hand and smiling innocently. This facade angered Kalina further, and with a flick of her wrist, a spout of water rose from the lake and splashed into Legolas' face soaking his hair and tunic. "What was that for?" Legolas cried out in shock as he leant forward and began to wipe the water from his eyes. He then twisted the neck of his tunic wringing the excess water from the drenched fabric. Now it was Kalina's turn to laugh. Legolas, who usually appeared pristine and immaculate, now looked like a drowned rat, his hair hanging around his face in wet clumps, and his cotton tunic soaking, his bare skin showing underneath. "It think it was perfectly called for." Kalina said with satisfaction as Legolas once again attempted to remove the excess water from himself. Legolas glared at Kalina for a moment, observing her smug body language as she watched him attempt to dry himself slightly. An idea formed in his head quickly and with a mischievous smile, Legolas suddenly leapt forward from where he was sitting, colliding with Kalina and forcing her to lie back on the ground, her smug expression wiped from her face in an instant. Legolas leaned over Kalina's face, allowing all the water that had accumulated in his hair and tunic to drip onto her. Kalina cried out in protest as great drops of cold water began to fall onto her face. She pushed relently against Legolas' weight on top of her, but he could not be moved. Legolas laughed as Kalina growled in defeat and tried one last futile attempt of pushing him off her, before she slumped onto the ground and released an indignant sigh, her face now equally soaked. Legolas chuckled slightly at Kalina's now disheveled appearance, before he leaned down and kissed her softly. Her lips were cold and wet from the water that had fallen onto them, but Legolas did not care as he pulled away and smiled victoriously down at her. "I am not happy." Kalina grumbled dejectedly, although her eyes sparkled with mirth and Legolas laughed at her words. "Of course you're not." Legolas replied, leaning down and kissing Kalina on her brow before continuing. "I beat you." Kalina muttered under her breath for a moment, maintaining an air of annoyance, before she sigh and smiled mischievously up at Legolas once again. "Only because I let you." "No you di-" Legolas was about to reply before the voice of another interrupted him. "Legolas! Kalina!" Legolas and Kalina turned their head simultaneously to see the figure of Tauriel approaching them, clearly laughing at their bickering. Legolas pulled himself from Kalina and stood, before extending a hand and helping her up also. Tauriel stopped before them and smiled in greeting. "You should probably be preparing for the scout." Tauriel said, looking between the soaking pair. "Thranduil wishes to see you both before we depart, and I am sure that you would not wish to stand before your father looking as if the lake had swallowed you." "Of course not." Legolas replied, smiling. "Why does my father wish to see us?" "I do not know." Tauriel replied. "I was only told to pass on the message, seeing as you were both preoccupied. What exactly were you doing?" Tauriel, Legolas and Kalina began to walk back towards the mountain together, talking of their 'argument'. Tauriel seemed to find the whole affair most entertaining, however Kalina was still bitter that Legolas had seemingly beaten her, which acted