Hello all! I was playing around on Tumblr and saw a scene that gave me inspiration for this little diddy here. Hope you like it. Characters are extremely OOC. Fair warning. I'm not condoning or "victim blaming" here either. Just a story with a person's thoughts on their life and choices. Hope you enjoy! Disclaimer: No disrespect, not mine. PRIVATE DANCER I don't know what I was thinking when I brought it up. I don't know what could have pushed these thoughts into my head that made me think this would be a good idea. But here I am. Broken. Alone. Empty. And it's all my fault. I hate my life. I want to say it wasn't always that way, but looking back, I can't be certain. At least not from the moment I met him. Before him, I remember being happy. Not to say he made me unhappy. We just... But it's my fault for the parts that are now broken. Trust me, this isn't some story about me being the wronged party who needs your pity. I brought this whole thing on to myself. I should start from the beginning. Edward and I met when we were in college, both attending Northwestern. He was a med student and I was interested in marketing. We met during a gen ed. class and hit it off. Because he was so busy with his classes, we didn't start dating right away. Instead, we became friends with benefits. And it worked for about six months. But then like all things, it began to stop working. I wanted to have more with him. We had a long talk one day not long after Valentine's Day, and decided to become official. He was always busy with school and then work, and I was willing to wait around for him, be there for his needs. It didn't matter that he didn't think we had the same goals or ideas. We ended up dating for two more years before he proposed at my parent's request. It was a beautiful ceremony. It was a beautiful ceremony. And it was six years ago. Because Edward was studying to be a doctor, a cardiac surgeon, I knew he would spend many hours away at work and I would spend many hours alone. Without my husband home with me. We didn't really have a honeymoon. But we were able to buy a beautiful house to compensate for that. Our sex life never really changed from how it was when we were just friends with benefits. We fit our intimacy in whenever we found time. But I noticed around year five of our marriage that things were even starting to lag from our limited time together. More often than not, if we did have sex, it was without foreplay, not that we really had much foreplay before this since some things made me uncomfortable, but it was to the point where, we just did the basic mechanics of sex. Whatever got us off was sufficient, as long as too much time wasn't required. I didn't know what to do. I tried getting us to watch porn together. But I couldn't help but blush a ridiculous amount at the sounds and images playing out on our big screen. I tried role play, but that just seemed awkward and uncomfortable. Watching porn was less mortifying. I tried to initiate sex by paying Edward surprise visits at work. I had hoped my showing up would make him turned on, that it would arouse him that I was willing to try to have sex in a public place. It didn't. He didn't understand what I was trying to do. And I always turned ten shades of red every time I tried anything. I didn't know how to explain any of it without embarrassment. Then one night, I was stolen from sleep. I heard moaning. And the spot beside me was empty. Rising from bed, I walked to the den and found Edward seated at his computer, his cock hard in his hand. He was stroking himself, and moaning lowly, but keeping his eyes intently on the screen. Looking up, I saw two women and one man. Instantly, I thought that's what he was after. Many men watch porn with multiple females because it is their fantasy. I figured that's what Edward wanted too. He wanted a threesome with two women. I allowed myself to contemplate the possibility for a moment. I wondered if I'd be able to pull off such a thing. But then I knew I couldn't. There was no way I could be with another woman. Just as I was about to make my presence known, I heard voices from the screen. " Yeah, you like watching me fuck her ?" the man asked. "You like knowing I'm fucking your best friend? Letting her suck my cock, having me taste her pussy before I slam this hard dick into her? Huh, baby?" The other woman moaned, as she touched herself across her chest. "Yeah, baby. You two look so fucking hot together. Fuck her hard. Fuck her as hard as you fuck me." I stood there in shock. This was not what I thought it was. More images played out on the screen, and Edward's moans grew more breathless as he stroked himself harder, faster. He was so focused, he didn't even know I was standing right behind him. " Unh! Jesus, so fucking good," the man groaned as he pumped hard against the woman on the screen. "Can I come in her, baby? Huh? Can I come in your best friend?" The woman just moaned as she fingered herself, watching her boyfriend/husband have sex with her best friend. "Oh yeah. Fill her up. Fuck, so good!" Onscreen, the man began to climax, though he pulled out slightly so that his ejaculate showed. I was horrified. On the computer screen, a woman allowed her partner to have sex with her best friend! And she allowed him to come in said best friend. All that would have been enough. But as the woman watched her partner climax, she too began to climax and that sent Edward over the edge. Spurts covered his hand and fell against his stomach as he groaned. I didn't know what to do. I didn't want him to know I'd seen all this, so I did the first thing that popped into my head. I turned heel and rushed back as quietly as I could to our bedroom. I jumped into bed and closed my eyes, trying to calm my racing heart. Moments later, I heard him enter our room. With my eyes barely cracked open, I watched my husband change his shorts before climbing into bed beside me. He was asleep in mere minutes. That night I lay awake thinking about what I'd witnessed. I knew I needed to do something to get my marriage and sex life on track. But I was stumped. Two weeks passed without any idea of what to think or do. And then I heard a new colleague discussing some club she'd gone to. She joked she had no idea it was a strip club when she and her friends had gone, but as it turned out, it was a gay strip club. She said they ended up having the best time. Her words gave me an idea suddenly. So that night, after preparing my husband's favorite meal, I propositioned him. "Let's go to a strip club," I said as he speared fried potatoes onto a fork. "What?" "Let's go to a strip club," I repeated. "I know you like to go with Jazz and Emmett. Maybe we could go together?" Edward wasn't completely sold on the idea. "Some guys like going with their girlfriend or wife. I'm more along the lines of I can't really enjoy myself as much because I will be wondering if I'm offending you in some way." "You're not going to offend me. I think we should go. Do this together." I pressed the issue a lot. And it took another few days of me suggesting it before he finally acquiesced. I don't know what I was expecting. I mean I knew there'd be flashing lights and loud music. I knew women would walk around nearly nude and dance around a pole. I just didn't expect it to be so in my face. Perhaps the worst part, was my husband was very friendly with the dancers. One in particular. As soon as we entered New Moon, one of the dancers, wearing only a g-string and no bra, though she was covered in glitter, came bouncing over. She quickly hugged Edward, rubbing her ample chest against him before kissing his cheek. A lipstick stain remained after she pulled her mouth away. "Hey, baby!" He greeted her warmly, hugging her in return, though I saw that he kept his hands strictly to her back. "You just missed me on stage, but I would love to get some one-on-one time with you," she winked at him, her eyelashes batting up at him. "Oh baby, I would love a private dance," he responded, his eyes dropping to her chest before returning to her face. It was then I realized, no one was paying attention to me. Gripping his arm, I forced his concentration back to me. "Oh shit. Right. Isabella, this is my wife. Tanya, this is Isabella. She's only been with the club for about a month now, but she's one of the best." "Flatterer." There was something in the way he said her name, the way it seemed to roll from his tongue like a caress. It occurred to me then that Edward was attracted to Isabella. I didn't think anything had happened between them, but the way he was looking at her, I could tell he wanted something to. "Nice to meet you," I said over the loud music. No one could tell I was lying. "You too!" Isabella replied, her teeth bright and white against the lights. "Your husband sure is fuckhot. You are one lucky bitch." Isabella was laughing. Edward was laughing. I was not. Though I did pretend. "What was this I heard about a private dance?" I asked, trying to cover my discomfort. "Eddie here is my best customer," Isabella answered, her body still draped close to his. He didn't seem to mind that she'd called him Eddie. "Is he now." I looked between the two, noticing he was watching her intently. "How much?" That grabbed his attention. "Are you serious?" I ignored his question, keeping my focus on the dancer. She gave me her price and then walked us both back to the private area. Leading us into a secluded booth, Isabella directed me to where I could watch. Apparently this was a thing. Men came to watch the women in their lives receive a dance and vice versa. After getting myself situated, I watched my husband completely forget I was present. I watched my husband keep his eyes on this stripper, watched her move her body for him, touch him, and grind herself against him, until he was so hard I could see it from where I was sitting. He was wearing dark wash jeans. I didn't understand it until just as Isabella was finishing her dance, I heard the low moan escape from Edward's lips. "Fuck baby, that was quicker than last time," he murmured to her, though it was loud enough for me to hear. Isabella just giggled. "Guess I'm just getting better." We left the club shortly after that. We did not have the sex I expected us to have that night. We didn't have sex at all. A week passed where I stewed within myself over what I'd witnessed. I sat and watched another woman grind all over my husband, to the point that he climaxed. I sat and watched it! He enjoyed it. He enjoyed her. He wanted her.