Hi all. Well, I wasn't sure I was going to write anymore on here, but this little ditty came to mind and I decided to post it. I may make it a full-length story, maybe on here, maybe published, I'm not sure yet. But here is this one-shot. Hope you enjoy it. Her "Dinner reservations are for seven," he tells me as he slips his shoes off. Next goes his tie followed by his shirt then his slacks. His undershirt and boxer briefs follow as he moves through the bathroom to get into the shower. "I don't think traffic will be too bad if I make this quick." I nod that I hear him and continue applying my makeup. I'm dressed in a lavender wrap sweater dress. He'd bought it for my birthday last year. I smiled and told him I loved it. The truth though is it's not my color. My skin is pale and this shade of lavender makes me feel like I'm being washed out. But he'd felt so proud of himself that I couldn't help but lie. He asked that I wear it tonight. I wanted to say the weather is too warm for a sweater dress, but the universe conspired against me and temperatures dropped enough that it's no longer an issue. So I'm wrapped in lavender. I slip my feet into my white peep-toe pumps and fluff out my hair one last time. I admire myself in the mirror, ignoring the lack of color I now seem to be sporting, despite my best effort to apply blush. I look good. At thirty-four, I have the body of a twenty-four year old with ample breasts and an ass that bounces when I walk. I'm not trying to sound conceited. As a print model, I'm meant to look good. My body is supposed to be a temple. It's one of the reasons he married me. Six years ago. With nearly five hundred people, most of whom I still don't know to this day, in attendance. But it was my looks that was the biggest draw. Working on the latest Dolce perfume ad, I was the model, he was the marketing exec on set to make sure everything went perfect. I was covered in nothing more than a sheet, pressed provocatively against my front while my backside was exposed. He didn't take his eyes off of me the entire time. And once the shoot was over, he told me we were going to have dinner. I was never asked out. I wasn't given a choice. At the time, it didn't bother me. He was an attractive man, powerful, and wanted to give me attention. In this industry, people are always demanding things of me. My time, my face, my exposure. They use me to get somewhere. But with him, I didn't see that. He has money. He was considered a very sought after bachelor so he certainly didn't need any help from me. So I went to dinner with him. One dinner turned into two, which turned into three and so on and so forth. After our fifth date, I slept with him for the first time. I wanted to make sure he was serious about me before we went anywhere. I wouldn't be used. He seemed to have no problem with this. After eight months of dating, he asked me to marry him. I couldn't think of any reason why it would be a bad idea. He treated me well. Doted on me. Loved me. He was a good man. He still is. So I said yes. It's been six years now. Truthfully, looking over the course of our marriage, there isn't much I can find fault in. We travel. Dine in the finest restaurants. Attend plays and concerts. I've been in three movies as a result of him helping to expand my career. However, one thing that is there is the fact that I am completely, irrevocably bored out of my mind. I know that's a horrible thing to say. Especially since as I've said, I can find very little fault. But I can't help but feel like I'm trapped. Stuck in a situation I didn't think out completely before accepting. Or maybe it lies more in the fact that so many aspects of our life together are not exciting, despite the temperament he offered upon our first meeting. Everything we do, I could do all on my own. I don't need a husband to do them with. His domineering side, the one that commanded I go to dinner with him and then tried to woo me so furiously seems to have vanished. The only time it makes an appearance is in his job. Long gone are the little notes, the flowers just because. Long gone is the desire to make love to my husband because he has grown stagnant. Missionary without it being missionary. Sure I get off, but my mind drifts more often than not anymore. And lately, that's the only way my orgasm is reached with him. I fantasize about a man taking me, claiming me. I fantasize about a man overwhelming my senses, making me feel things I've never imagined. I thought at one time my husband could do that for me. He'd showed such promise. But as time has continued on, his level of comfort has grown to be complete. I'd tried many things to spice up our sex life. Surprising him at work. He was too busy or there were too many people around and they needed to take him seriously. Attacking him in the car as we are driven to dinner. Our driver might lower the glass and notice. Touching him in a darkened theater. Why did he spend money on tickets when if I wanted to fool around we could have stayed home? So I'm bored. Horribly, miserably bored in my marriage. But I'm finally doing something about it. "Ready?" He presses a kiss to my cheek as we head to the car and I try to contain my sigh. HIM I'm on my third Scotch by the time he walks in. Thankfully I'm not drunk when I stand to greet him. He doesn't approve of my choice of career, thinks I play too much into the stereotype of a rock star, so the last thing I want is to get a disapproving look from him. He's older than me by four minutes. You'd think it was four years though with the way he acts sometimes. We one-arm hug, because though we are brothers, twins, we are not close. Not really at least. "Good to see you again." "You too." I return to my seat as he takes his across from mine. As soon as we're seated, our waitress descends. "Evening, gentleman." She proceeds to ask for our drink orders. I ignore the way he watches me, waiting to see what I order. When I request a sweet tea, I can see the shock on his face. But he doesn't comment, simply orders a water. We sit in uncomfortable silence for several minutes. It's always like this and I don't understand it. Truthfully, we may have shared a womb, and growing up, an actual room, but we are not close. In fact, we are complete opposites. I play music for a living, stand on a stage and sing to thousands of people sometimes nightly who adore my voice, my looks and my songs. He on the other hand works in an office, keeps a strict schedule despite working in marketing which requires more flexibility than I think he's actually comfortable with. He's rigid, I'm easy-going. He enjoys the boring side of life, I thrive to live life to its fullest. If not for the fact that today marks the eighth anniversary of our parents death from a plane crash, we'd probably wouldn't even be meeting tonight. It's not even about them anymore. We never discuss them. It's just for show. A way to pretend. "So. How have you been?" I ask to avoid the continued awkward silence. "Good. I'm managing a new account for an up and coming painter who is taking the art world by storm. It is looking to be a very profitable association." He is smiling and is obviously proud. It is something to be proud of and I am proud of him for it. "How about you?" Unfortunately, his enthusiasm is not returned in his asking me. "I'm in the studio right now. Working on a new album that I'm looking to release early next year." "Oh, well that's…good." "Yeah, I'm excited about it. Going in a new direction for this one." The air around us changes. It's not because of our discomfort with each other either. The hair on my arms tingles, and I feel my heart speed up. Looking toward the entrance, I notice her walk in. She's wearing a light purple wrap dress. While it is absolutely breathtaking on her, hugging her curves, emphasizing her gorgeous tits and amazing ass, it doesn't really work well with her coloring. Regardless, she's still stunning. "Sorry about that. Some very eager fans out there." She looks at the both of us. I'm confused first that he didn't tell me he was bringing her tonight since he usually doesn't bring anyone, and then even more so when he doesn't stand to pull out her chair. Our mother had raised us to be gentlemen, just sitting there, especially while letting his wife just stand there like the help is odd at best. So I stand and pull out her chair for her, kissing her cheek as I tell her hello. She thanks me with a kiss to my cheek and a puzzled look toward her husband. Our waitress returns with my tea and my brother's water. She's startled to find another guest seated. I realize how strange it is the fact my brother didn't mention her presence tonight, but also didn't bother to order her a drink as well. I don't want to dwell on it though. Their marriage, their problem. After ordering a glass of wine, she looks at me with a smile. "So, how have things been going? I hear you're writing new material." While my brother has never appreciated my career, his wife absolutely loves it. Claims she's my biggest fan and loves that she has "insider" information. One of the world's most sought after supermodel's loves what I do. It's unfortunate her husband doesn't feel the same way. Though he has mentioned he's not the biggest fan of her career choice either. Even though it's how they met. Whatever. "Yes, record company isn't too keen on the idea, and my agent thinks I might isolate some fans, but life is all about growth, right?" "Absolutely!" she agrees with an easy smile. "I'm so thankful to be in an industry where style changes regularly. Much more fluid for me." He doesn't really say much during our interaction. But I can see out of the corner of my eye that he does not like the relationship I have with his wife. I know how they met. I know his client was the one running the shoot she was doing. I know he put on a show to get her attention. But beyond that, I don't know what type of life they have. I do know though, that he doesn't like me to be so expressive around her, as though it might give her ideas to expand her horizons. She'd been doing just fine before him so…. HER Dinner is awkward at best. I'm not sure what his problem is tonight. Or all of a sudden, I should say. Before we'd left the house, and even in the limo ride here, he was talkative, attentive, himself. I know he doesn't necessarily enjoy that I'm a model, despite it being how we met. I know this because some of my shoots are more risqué than