This is just a little o/s I've been tinkering with for a couple months now. Was clearing out my hard drive and found it again, decided to just post it. Hope you like it. Disclaimer: Belongs to S. Meyer. I'm just borrowing. He's tied and retied his tie three times now, but it still isn't working. His hands are shaking too badly for it to cooperate. As he lets out a growl of frustration, she walks into the room and over to him immediately. Batting his hands away, she grabs for his tie. "Here, let me." She makes quick work of the blue silk tie, laying it flat against his front before moving away. He watches her move, the way her blue dress fits her beautifully showing off the slight bump she doesn't think he's yet noticed. Sitting on the edge of his bed, he moves to put his shoes on, keeping his eyes on her the whole time. "Do you think this will work?" "Honestly?" "Of course," he replies as he drops his gaze to the thin laces of his dress shoes. "I don't know." He looks up from tying his shoes, not expecting that answer. He was hoping for more positivity. "Why?" "Because it's been three months. A lot can happen in three months. And entire life can change in less time." "What's that supposed to mean?" He has a feeling she's talking about more than just his current situation, but doesn't push the subject. Not yet anyway. "It's been three months. Not three days." Her point makes him defensive. "I was on tour. I couldn't just cancel every show, regardless of how much I wish otherwise. This is my job, after all. People rely on me to perform so they can work to put food on their tables too." "No, I know, I know. I'm just saying, it's been three months, you haven't really had any kind of contact with her, for all we know, she's ready to move on if she hasn't already." She looks at him then, her eyes sad. Again he wants to press, but refrains. "Sometimes some people move on faster than others." That is like a kick to the gut, but he doesn't show it. He doesn't really have a right anymore. Instead, he nods and goes back to finish tying his other shoe. "I know. And she'd have every right. But Jess, I want to be selfish. I want to be so fucking selfish. I want her to be waiting." "I know you do, Eddie." She's standing in front of him, her hand cupping his cheek, caressing it in a way that's maternal. "But I need you to be prepared for the worst." Looking away from her gaze, he inhales deeply. "Three months apart, I've accepted the worst." The car pulls up to the front of the park, where the reception is being held. As they exit the car, he pulls his sunglasses on hoping no one will recognize him before he can do what he came to accomplish. There doesn't seem to be anyone lingering around the park today though, since it has been rented for a private event. He's hoping that works in his favor. He bites his lip, squeezes his hands together, and tries to take deep breaths. He's a nervous wreck and nothing is helping. Not even the tricks he uses before he hits the stage are helping. "How'd you get an invite to this anyhow? Didn't think you were all that close to Angela or Ben." "You don't know everything about my life," she bites back and he wants to ask her to tell him then, tell him how she came to have that bump she's trying to hide, tell him why she looks at him with those broken eyes whenever they talk about his goal; but this isn't the time or place. "Just because I didn't hang out with them every second growing up doesn't mean Angela wasn't a friend. Some of us can still keep in touch with the people we grew up with. Not all of us are fodder for the media." It's a dig but he lets it go. He'd been friends with Ben once upon a time, from elementary on up to high school. But then he started writing music, and then he started playing that music, and somewhere along the way, not long before graduation, a talent scout had seen him perform and the rest as they say, was magical history. Edward Masen was now one of the biggest names in the music industry, and with his sister, Jessica, by his side as his publicist, he'd become unstoppable. But only professionally. Personally, everything had hit a roadblock. "And you're sure she'll be here?" Jessica huffs. "Angela said she's the maid of honor. Most women don't flake out when asked, since as the name states, it is an honor ." "Right. Just checking." His hands move to run through his hair, hair he'd spent nearly an hour trying to tame which took less than a minute to ruin. "Honestly, Edward, you need to relax if this is going to work." Looking at Jessica for a moment, he can't help but wonder. "Why are you helping me?" "What do you mean?" "I mean what I asked. Why are you helping me?" He stops walking as he asks. He wants to look at her to have this conversation. "You never liked her, not even before everything got started with those scouts." "That's because she was a gold-digging whore." The words are out before she can stop them and his face turns angry. Instantly she looks regretful but it doesn't stop the fact she said what she did. "How can you say that? She knew me – us – before all this started. Hell, we met when we were five for fuck's sake! It's not like I was swimming in money back then." He's frustrated that this argument still exists. He can't even count how many times throughout their life he's had to argue and defend his feelings. It's been a breaking point so many times, he's hoping it doesn't tip the scale this time. "No, but mom and dad have money and her family didn't." "So you think a five year old plotted? Or that her parents told her to get close to us? What child have you ever seen, who at five, has the mentally ability to understand worming their way into a person's life for the sake of bleeding them dry?" He looks at her like she's less than human, or at least that's how his look makes her feel. "You are my twin, but I feel like you're speaking crazy and I don't really know you at all. Paranoia over something that after twenty years has still yet to come to fruition. You are insane. How did you even get these thoughts? No one else has ever thought it. Mom and dad love her and are furious with me for what happened!" "Lauren thought it. Her mom did too," she defends though she knows it's weak. It's a slippery argument, one that makes her look like an even bigger fool. "Oh right. Yes, I'm supposed to take their word for it. A plastic bitch and her equally fake daughter." He has lost his cool, but not his head. He hopes no one has noticed their argument. "If there is anyone who is greedy, or gold-digging, it would be them. Especially since Mrs. Mallory enjoys hitting on dad every so often. Or have you forgotten that fact?" "No, I haven't forgotten. Why do you think I'm not friends with her anymore?" "Let me get this straight then," he begins, stepping closer to her. "You listened to someone you know for a fact to be a gold-digging whore call someone who is completely innocent one, especially since look at what I'm trying to accomplish, and you believe them? You have some serious issues." "Lauren always liked you, I never understood why you didn't like her back." "Really? After the way she tried to use you once the money started coming in, you didn't understand?" "I get it now, but back then, you never even looked her way. You were too blind." Her argument is spinning in circles. "I thought you were too blind." "And that never once made you think she wasn't jealous or vindictive? That never once made you question if her thoughts on this whole situation weren't even the slightest bit bias? 'Edward doesn't like me so let's make up lies about the girl he does like, the girl he loves . And now, his sister hates her too, so she'll never stand a chance. Win.'" "I only acted how I thought was best. I didn't want to see you get hurt because of some girl who was fickle and poor." "So you hurt me instead? You with your gifted money and apparent class, it's okay for you to hurt me?" It's a rhetorical question and getting him nowhere. "So what is the point of today then? Again, why are you helping me since you obviously do not care? Even after all this time." He is walking away, not bothering to wait for her answer, toward the tent so she has to run to catch up. Grabbing onto his wrist she stops him again. "I'm helping because she walked away." "What?" "She walked away. You lied to her, didn't keep your promise and rather than stick it out because you gave her unlimited spending capabilities and everything a materialistic heart could want, she walked away from you." She looks down, guilt covering her features. "That night, in Hamburg, right before you went on stage and couldn't find her? She called me from the airport. She told me I should be happy, I got what I wanted. She was done trying to matter in a world that didn't care about her, done trying to fit into a life that didn't have time for hers. She said she knew I was never going to like her, no matter what, even if she didn't understand why, so she hoped I was happy to finally be rid of her. "I arrived at your house the next day and found every single thing you'd ever bought for her, the clothes, jewelry, books, all of it, waiting just inside." Tears well in her eyes as his pain flashes across his face. She'd never told him this for a reason. He was her twin, her other half, and this truth would break that bond more than anything else could. "And on top of the pile was the ring you gave her only a month earlier." She has to swallow back her emotion to continue speaking. "I figured she would've pawned it you know. It was worth so much and like I believed, she'd get a ton of money out of it because that was all she wanted. But she left it. And after a month of hearing nothing from the press about you or the two of you, I figured maybe I had been wrong all along. After three months, I know I've been wrong." He looks away as his hand seeks out the ring she speaks of. He's carried it with him everywhere since finding out. Just as he carried it everywhere before working up the courage to ask her to marry him, he carries it now as a reminder of what was lost. It's still hard to imagine that only a month after promising her he wanted to spend the rest of his life with her, she left him. But he understands. He promised her so much, and in the end, he didn't keep any of them. "She's not a gold-digger, she's not a whore. I'm sorry, I shouldn't have said that. Hell, I shouldn't have even though it!" Jessica continues after a beat. "But I was worried. I see what kind of women throw