Hello! My first appearance of 2015, can I get a whoop-whoop?! …No? Okay... Anyway, I've literally been thinking about writing this since The Son of Neptune came out, and I have finally put to paper, so here you go my dearests, please follow, favorite, and review. -PoisonBones Apollo leaned his head back against the head piece of his seat. The sun chariot was currently in the form of a 918 Spyder, and the topless vehicle allowed the cool night air to wash over his face in soothing waves, slightly lowering the repetitive urge to vomit. He was stationed above the redwood forest in California, as to search for titan movement. Apollo found this ridiculous, for any person in their right mind knew that the titans were in the east, but he also knew that Zeus was actually hardly concerned about the titans, he was more worried about Artemis. Zeus had permitted Artemis permission to go on the annual boar hunt with her huntresses. However, the hunt took several weeks to prepare for, and Zeus would not have his most precious virgin daughter left un-attended for such a long time. But instead of simply having the huntresses prepare the hunt, and only letting Artemis out for the actually event, he was making Apollo watch over the camp day and night to protect her. Normally, this would have been fine with the sun god, if he did not feel so utterly, and helplessly awful. Being the god of so many different things was awesome, don't underestimate the awesomeness of it, but there were also downsides to it. Being such a wide ruler meant that there was almost always something he could be doing, consistently taking up his time. The only things he really did have time for was the rest and relaxation of sex(though the time thing affected his chances at long term relationships, so many times he would have to sneak out early, leaving the girl, who was practically still in the process of orgasm, to attend to his duties), and bugging Artemis. But one of the biggest things that really irked him, was the switching. Roman, Greek, roman, Greek, anything could trigger the change. Anything , whether it be a cold breeze, a warm drink, or having to watch Aphrodite and Ares fornicate openly in the council room. And it was painful. Long nights had been spent, laying in his bed, clutching his middle and groaning out in agony. Absolute torture, to be honest, Apollo would rather serve Hera willingly than experience such torment. So you see, Apollo loved his sister, and would do anything for her, but the effort was hard to give, when he could not stand or sit in comfort for longer than two seconds at a time. "Apollo." Speak of the devil, he thought, as he turned and faced his sister, who was sitting in the passenger seat, in her 18 year old form, looking thoroughly annoyed. "Yes, Artemis?" He asked as politely as possible at the moment, which sounded like he was ready to peel the skin from his own face. A pathetic wisp of words to say the least. "Why are you above my camp?" "Because Zeus put me here." "For what purpose?" "To watch-!" Apollo was cut off above abruptly when he switched to his roman form. Artemis watched, knowing the only thing she could do was comfort him when he returned to his normal self. And he did, quite quickly, but she unable to say anything before he moved his head over the side of the vehicle, praying that the half piece of toast Athena had forced him to eat that morning would not make a second appearance. His throat and stomach tightened, and he gagged slightly, but other than that nothing happened. Artemis moved over and put a hand on his shoulder for balance as she too stuck her head out over the side and made a face. She leaned back into the car and said thoughtfully, "I think, Apollo, that if you were to be sick now, you would vomit on my camp. But it is evident your body will not allow you to do so now, so I'm not worried." Now that the stomach crisis was over, Apollo managed a weak smile as he slowly returned to his comfortable seat, "Their loss, even my breakfast is precious." Artemis quirked an eyebrow at him, "Ill and still arrogant?" She shook her head, "What did you even eat anyways? I didn't see you in the kitchen this morning." Apollo absently waved his hand, "A half a piece of toast. Athena said that if I didn't eat she would hit me with a dictionary." "You're scared of a dictionary? From what I can recall, I've hit you with more books than Athena's ever thought too." "Not just any dictionary, a Webster's College addition. And those things have like a thousand pages. I can't even lift it with one hand." Artemis opened her mouth to make some witty remark, but closed it and winced when Apollo changed again. The change lasted longer this time, almost 30 seconds, before he changed back to Greek. He cried out as it happened, grasping his abdomen and resting his head against the steering wheel, breathing heavily. Artemis watched as her brother worked through the familiar motions of internal pain while she planned out her decision. Apollo was clearly too ill to do much if there was an attack upon the camp, so keeping him up in the air, in the cold, was useless. He needed to rest. Zeus would be angry if he were to return to Olympus, seeking such relief. Surely the huntresses wouldn't mind bidding him comfort for a night? No, no they wouldn't mind. Artemis knew that beneath the disguise the huntresses actually enjoyed Apollo's visits, and she was sure that they would happily allow him time to heal at the camp. With a note of finality, Artemis reached out and touched Apollo's shoulder gingerly, "Apollo?" Apollo merely whimpered in response, not having the energy to produce an efficient answer. Artemis gripped his shoulder more firmly, "You are going to stay at the camp tonight." Apollo forced himself to straighten up, just enough to look capable of energy, and stubbornly said, "I'm fine, just gimme a minute." Artemis, who had expected such an answer, reached over and pushed a button on the console. The car hummed, and began to lower itself to the ground. It took a second, but Apollo noticed this, and opened his mouth to protest, but before he could utter so much as a squeak, Artemis grabbed his chin and made full, unbreakable eye contact. She pointed a menacing finger in his face and said, "When I say 'you're staying at the camp' it means, you're staying at the camp. And you will, even if I have to knock you out and drag you, you will." Apollo opened his mouth to protest further, but closed it with a snap when he switched again. It took approximately 3 minutes to land, in a clearing not far from the camp. It had been touching the ground for two seconds when Artemis made an attempt at exiting. She tried the door, but being unable to work the lock she settled for simply jumping out over the door, instead of through it. As she made her way to the other side of the vehicle, Apollo managed to unlock his own door, so that she would not have as much trouble helping him through it, as he knew she would. She pulled open the door and gripped his arm tightly. Apollo tried to help, he really did, but the best he could manage was putting his arm around her shoulders. They walked in quiet conditions, not silent, due to Artemis incessant bickering about how he should've come down to rest sooner, but quiet. The hush of the situation seemed to help the changing, for in those moments of quiet, Apollo didn't switch once, but it didn't last long. Turns out when you don't switch for a few minutes, then switch rapidly, things get worse. Artemis looked up at him, to ask a question, and in the midst of his answer, it happened. His messy blonde locks groomed themselves, his blue t-shirt turned into a military green one, his jeans became camouflage, and an army jacket appeared on his arms. He switched back almost immediately. Artemis reached across to touch a second hand to him, but Apollo pulled back from her quickly, before turning away and retching. Artemis just stood to the side awkwardly as Apollo splattered his breakfast on the ground. Unsure of what else to do, Artemis sent a mental message to Thalia. - Thalia? -Yes mi 'lady? -Could you and the others set up a bed in my tent? -Uh…yes, but, why may I ask? -Apollo is ill, he is going to stay at the camp tonight. -Is he alright? -He is fine, I hope. Please, make the bed comfortable, blankets for warmth, water, and a bucket would be good as well. And put a towel over the pillow, but please hurry, we will be there shortly. -Yes mi 'lady. In the back of her mind, Artemis could practically hear Thalia buzzing about, barking orders. She was a loyal and true lieutenant, one she could trust. Apollo had finished throwing up, and was leaning against a tree, shaking slightly, waiting patiently for Artemis to finish her business. "Sorry." He muttered sheepishly. "Its fine, the huntresses are getting you a bed set up in my tent." She told him slowly. Apollo nodded and stood up as best he could, allowing Artemis to half catch him when he swayed to the left. They began to make their way to the camp again, with more success than the last time. It seemed that relieving himself of the impurities in his stomach helped Apollo a little, his abdomen was not throbbing as hard as it had been, and he did not need Artemis for support as much as he had before, though the taste left in his mouth was almost as bad the pain. Perhaps Artemis would gift him with water? He hoped so. They arrived at the camp in a matter of minutes, and the huntresses were all hovering about the area, creases of worry and confusion were evident in their faces. Apollo and Artemis emerged at the end of the clearing. Apollo's arm was no longer around his sister's shoulders, but his left hand was still resting on it, in case he needed sudden support. He was not particularly in the mood for questions, which the huntresses would ask plenty of. "I'm gonna go lay down." He said to Artemis quietly. She nodded, "I'll be there in a minute, let me just put them at peace." "Okay." Apollo ducked inside the tent, sighing as the warmth encased him. He hadn't realized how truly cold he was. Artemis however, was not in a place of such comfort. The huntresses were all studying here with the same question. What's going on? "Apollo is ill, I simply wish to look out for him tonight, as to make sure it's nothing serious." She said firmly. Surprisingly, no one questioned it, instead they shrugged and returned to their tents. Except for Thalia of course, she was curious. "Mi 'lady," Thalia said as she approached her, "I beg your pardon, but what is really wrong with Lord Apollo? Can you even get mortal sicknesses?" Artemis sighed and entered the supply tent, "Yes, Thalia, we gods can get sick with mortal ailments, and they are not that uncommon, but unfortunately that is not the case." Thalia followed her as she placed her equipment on the proper racks, "Well then what is the problem?" "Being between our Roman and Greek halves in this war, Thalia, it's painful. Switching back and forth between personalities, between lifetimes, it is not a comfortable way to be." Artemis