Moving. I was really enjoying the move from Arizona to Washington, I was going to be living with my dad - Charlie. I never really spent much time with him anymore. I really didn't want to be the one stopped hanging out with Charlie, but he started dating again, I guess he wanted to be with his girlfriend a bit more before I started to go back for the summers. I looked around as I was hiding in my room from Phil. He was my mom's new husband. He was always trying to get me to stay here with my mom. I just had to keep refusing, but today was the day I was going to be leaving this hell of a place. Phil wasn't going to stop me - sure he scared me a lot, but I knew that this was something I couldn't handle. He was going to plan something and I was going to be the one that was going to get in trouble for it. I got out of my closet but there he was - just standing there. Phil walked over to me and grabbed me by the hair. "Look here Isabella - If I think that you are doing something you aren't suppose to be doing. I will come up to Forks and drag you back here by your hair!" Phil hissed. "Oh and by the way just so your mother doesn't yell at me - You can keep your credit card as long as you do what I tell you." He added smirking that smirk that made me want to throw up. I couldn't bring myself to say no to him. If I ever said no I would really be in serious trouble. I learned my lesson the last time I said no to him, let just say that he tends to hurt me whenever my mom isn't around me. I couldn't take it anymore - He was one of the reasons that I was moving to Forks. I couldn't stand to be hurt by him. He's the reason I liked to be called Bella - Whenever he calls me Isabella I know that I am in serious trouble. I looked at him and just nodded my head at what he was saying. Phil is the reason why I don't let guys touch me or date me. I'm scared that they will all turn out to hurt me like Phil has. I was the one that Phil wanted to get close to besides my mother. Finally, Phil released his hold on me and walked around my room. I didn't know what my mom saw in Phil but he was just a really awful creep. This guy was the worst person to be around - Not to mention he doesn't help with anything around the house. He believes that I should do everything when my mom is out shopping. Phil...I can't wait to get away from you. "Just remember who owns you Isabella." He said looking into my eyes. "I will find out everything." "C-Can you...j-just go?" I asked actually speaking to him. "Why should I?" He laughed. "I...I need to fi-finish packing." I whispered. "Bella, darling" He said putting his arms on my shoulders. "You better hurry, you leave tomorrow." "Please..." I whispered again. "Sure Bella." He laughed walking away and slamming the door shut. As soon as he left, I broke down crying. I couldn't take it anymore - every night ended the same. I would break down crying over everything that happened to me during the day. Every night flashbacks would happened over the time. Sometimes something around me sends me into a panic attack - Panic Attacks don't happen all the time but whenever I see something that reminds me of Phil and what he has done to me that day - my senses go into overload and I just start having a shortness of breath, I could feel my heart racing, my chest starts to give me pain and I start to shake. On bad days I start having upset an upset stomach that goes into me wanting to throw up. It's for my health that I am also moving away - I looked around and saw that everything that I wanted to take was already arriving at Charlie's house. I knew that all the small items that I wanted to bring with me so they didn't get ruined on the way to Forks. I sighed and knew that something like this was going to be what I wanted. I went to the bathroom to get rid of the feeling that Phil left on me when he grabbed me. I would keep scrubbing, but my mind would tell me that he was still touching me that I would never get rid of the longing touch. I looked around and knew that tomorrow at this time I would be home - Home in Forks with my dad. "Bella?" My mom asked knocking on the door. "Yeah mom?" I asked her as I was still in the shower. "Is the door opened?" "Yeah" I heard the door open and soon after that it was closed. I knew my mom walked into the bathroom. I don't know what she was going to be talking about, but it had to be important that she couldn't say it outside the door. I was in the middle of rinsing the shampoo out of my hair as I heard her take a deep breathe. This was something that I couldn't really understand. Every time she had something major to say she would take a deep breathe and start thinking about something that would make me stay in some way. I knew she was going to try it again. I just couldn't stay here - Phil. He was the reason for everything that happens to me I want to get away from him. Actually be healthy for once, the marks are almost gone from where he beat me, but I still can't see why he would do this to me. "Bella, my sweet loving Bella. I just can't let you go through with this move unless you are sure. I know that you don't like it when your holding me back away from Phil because you are only seventeen. Bella I wish that you would just stay here with me for a bit longer. Your father can wait - right? I mean he must really be liking his new wife." She started to say. "Please just think about it over night. If you want to stay we can call up Charlie and have him send your stuff back." "No" I said. "What?" She asked. "No. Mom, I'm going to live with Charlie. I can...Can't stay here letting you be sad. You have to travel with Phil." I explained to her. "I don't want to keep you away from your husband. This is your guys time to be together. I'll be fine with Charlie and Sophie." I added trying to reassure her. This is the hardest thing she ever had to do. I guess - I mean she did just one day get up and leave Forks. "Bella..." She started to say. "Mom, I promise yo call, text, and email you every day if I have to do." I stopped her. "Alright. Well it's getting late you better finish your shower and head to bed." I heard the door close and I turned off the water. I wrapped the towel around my body and walked out of the shower. I walked to my room and closed the door locking it so I could have alone time. I looked around and saw that every thing was packed. I was now using spare pillows and blankets. I got pictures from Charlie of my new room. The house that he use to live in with my mother - well they sold that after he got married to Sophie. Even though I never met Sophie the way that she was able to help my dad move on was the best thing she could do for him. Moving into a bigger house with more bedrooms and bathrooms also help. I couldn't believe that my dad and Sophie also got me a gift. I couldn't wait to know what it is. Tomorrow was the start of the new Bella Swan! ~Nightmare~ I was walking around to my next class Biology. The class that was probably no where need the time I needed to get to class, but I didn't know my way to the class so I ended up walking into class late. Everyone started to laugh at me - I had no way to know what was wrong. I looked at my clothes and I could see that I was wearing some but when I looked up back to the class none of them had their faces were gone. I looked at them and backed up against the chalk board. I looked around they came closer and closer and closer. "Please go away!" I whined. "Bella...Bellllllllaaaaaaa." They would say to me as they came closer. ~End of Nightmare~ I sat up in my bed and looked out the window, the sun was shinning bright through the curtains. It was already morning and I knew that the time was going to be coming closer. I got out of my pjs and placed on some shorts and a tank top. I had a sweater packed in my carry on because I knew that the climate was going to change and Forks never got any sunshine. If Vampires exist - they would really go live in Forks because vampires hate the sunshine. The one thing I was grateful for was I met two friend online who lived in Forks. Their names were Rosalie Hale and Alice Cullen. They were both amazing people and super happy that I was going to be moving into Forks. They were foster sisters - Rosalie's Aunt Esme married Alice's foster father Carlisle. Rosalie had a twin brother Jasper who was dating Alice. Alice also had two older brothers. Edward who was dating Rosalie and Emmett who was single. To be honest I thought that something was going to happen - they sent me photos of their family together and they look like the happiest family on Earth. "Bella! Come on you are going to be late to the Airport." My mom said. I grabbed my two carry ons, and my three suitcases and one duffle bag. I looked around my old room and new that something was going to be great. This school year and summer was going to be amazing. I walked down the stairs and to the car. Phil was already somewhere else - his baseball team had to go practice somewhere that I couldn't care. I was just happy that he wasn't going to be showing up at the airport to say goodbye to me. I got into the car as my mom drove to the airport. She looked at me and I smiled back. Sometimes she wasn't the best mother but she tried her best. As long as I could remember Phil was the third guy that she dated and she was super happy to be dating a minor league baseball player. We arrived at the airport and I looked at my mom. "Let me help you with your luggage." She said smiling. We got out of the car and she walked with me as far as she could. I looked back at her and hugged her. This was the day that everything was going to change. Forks - the one place I thought I would never really go back to. I knew that if I stayed any longer in the house - Something else was going to happen. My mom looked at me and smiled. "Just remember to go to a doctor to get your pills filled." She smiled and kissed my cheek. "Mom I know."