So this is going to be fun. This is a Percy-and-Triton-and-Amphitrite-finally-get-their-act-together-and-start-acting-like-a-family-story. It will be a multi-chapter fic, and if you have any ideas or requests, let me know! Enjoy! WARNINGS:Blood, almost-death, PTSD, mentions of torture. Mentions of abuse in future chapters. (Smelly Gabe) SPOILERS: Little piece of Last Olympian, last bit of Mark of Athena, really mild Blood of Olympus, and in future chapters, House of Hades. Chapter One: We Don't Save The World Because We Want To (we save the world because no one else is willing to do it) Percy sighed, content. The college he was getting his major (marine biology) at was in North Carolina, but one of his classmates had told him Litchfield Beach was absolutely awesome, and he just had to go see it. So he'd come down to SC on spring break to check it out. He'd actually had a wonderful day. The sky had been clear, the wind had been blowing, the sun shining, and the waves perfect. He'd goofed around with a group of younger kids—seriously, no matter where he went, he just summoned small children to him. He loudly complained to his friends about how annoying it was, but secretly he loved it. So the day had passed. After the sun started to go down, and the kids had gone home, Percy sat on the dunes and watched it set. Oh, it was magnificent. Golds and purples and crimsons shot across the sky, as the moon rose silver on the other horizon. As the stars came out, Percy looked up, carefully searching out the one constellation no one had to teach him. Zoe leaped across the sky, powerful bow bent and arrow ready to fly. Percy smiled, just this side of broken. "Bob says hello," he told her, just like he did every night. And just like every night, she didn't answer. Percy sighed again. He leaned back against the sand and closed his eyes, listening to the waves crashing on the beach, the calls of the seabirds echoing across the water. A cool breeze gently ruffled his hair. Exactly 11 minutes and 57 seconds later, he was running for his life. The thing chasing him was the most annoying monster he'd ever fought, and that was saying something. It—sorry, she —(at least, he was pretty sure it was female) didn't have legs, just one massive snake tail. Her arms ended in razor sharp claws, and her face was beautiful—you know, except for the glowing reptilian eyes and fangs jutting out of her mouth. I mean, it wasn't attractive, but he'd seen worse. The annoying part was she wouldn't die! As soon as she made her presence known by exploding out of the dunes (and I mean, come on! How cliché can you get?!), his instinctive reaction had been to roll, draw Riptide, and stab her in the head. The maneuver was flawless: the problem was it just disintegrated into black sand and regrew itself. That had not made it to his Top Ten Favorite Monster-slaying Moments. Next, he sliced her in half. No good. Off with her head, and her arms, and her snake tail, stabbed her through her heart (assuming she had one) and off with her head again. Nada. So now he was running. It was sort of embarrassing. I mean, here he was, the two-times over Savior of Olympus, survivor of the Labyrinth and T—that other place, defeater of Kronos, one of the Seven, Son of the Sea God…and he was running for his life. Percy cursed. He had no idea what exactly he had done to tick Atropos off so badly, but Fate obviously hated him with a passion. He'd tried to get to the water, but this thing obviously knew who he was, because she kept him away from the sea. And as if everything else wasn't enough, she had magical abilities. She kept throwing glowing green orbs of energy that exploded when they landed. One of them landed two feet behind him, and the blast sent him flying at least twenty feet. He crashed back into the ground, feeling his left forearm snap. "Di immortales!" He snarled under his breath. At least he was right-handed. Percy forced himself back to his feet, almost collapsing again when a twisted knee made itself known. His back felt raw, and he knew he was probably burned pretty badly. Normally, that wouldn't be a problem, but with enchanted fire? Oh, yeah. That stuff hurt. He bent down and wrenched his knee back into place, gritting his teeth at the discomfort. He straightened and turned to start running again—only to realize she'd gotten in front of him somehow. No time to go back, too late to go to either side. Time slowed down. Then she rammed her right hand forwards and punched a hole through his ribcage. His eyes widened. His breath caught in his throat. There was a vicious light in her eyes, her cruel hissing laughter echoing in his ears, and all he could think was I'm so sorry, Mom. I won't make it home this time. She dragged him to the surf, and just before she threw him in, she leaned down and snarled in his ear, "Go to your father, sea scum. I know a fatal wound when I see one, and all the power of the seven seas cannot save you now. I am Lamia, and I have slain many heroes in my years. But soon all will know me as the one who slayed the great Percy Jackson!" She cackled, then used another burst of magic to sling him out, far out, into the ocean. Time resumed its normal pace. The water caught him as always, and as soon as he was fully in its embrace, it started to heal him, but Percy wasn't an idiot. He knew what a fatal wound looked like and he knew what it felt like, and even the sea can't fix this one. I'm going to die. He distantly registered that the thought just wasn't as terrifying as it used to be. It's not like he wanted to die, he just…..wasn't going to fight it, that's all. He might even make it to Elysium. That would be awesome. He could see Beckendorf, again, and Silena, and Luke, and all the other friends and family that he'd lost over the years. Percy wrapped his arms around his waist, cursing quietly as the pain increased. He stared towards the surface of the sea. He was sinking deeper, and the water was a little darker down here, but he could still see the moon. He locked his eyes on it, almost desperately. He knew this would be the last time he'd ever see it. Wow, he thought. Literally just a year ago, I would have been freaking out at this point. Now I just….. He realized his eyes had closed and forced them back open. When they refocused, his body had drifted upside down in the water, and he found himself staring at the shadows on the ocean floor. No. I will not die in the dark. He ignored the logical part of his mind that shouted "Stop moving, you idiot! Hold still and you won't bleed out as fast" and forced his body to twist back around. Percy tightened his arms around his waist. Blood was staining the water around him, and for a second he was worried about hungry sea creatures. Then he remembered who he was. He had to laugh at himself, which his mutilated torso did not appreciate. He choked, the taste of iron suffocating his tongue. Tendrils of blood started to drift from his mouth. Oh, Styx, that's not good. His shoulders hunched in pain, and the burnt skin on his back screamed as it was pulled. Percy groaned quietly, black dots beginning to show up in the corners of his eyes. He looked up, found the moon, and locked his eyes on it. I will not die in the dark. His mind was starting to drift when the currents around him shifted. He dragged his eyes away from the surface, blinking in a –mostly futile—attempt to focus. Two cool, strong hands suddenly covered his, adding more pressure to his wound. He flinched away, sure Lamia had changed her mind and decided to just tear him apart. "Steady, Perseus," murmured a deep voice that was vaguely familiar. "I will not hurt you." Percy blinked again. "Triton?" he croaked. He had to turn his head to the side to cough harshly, sending more blood spewing from his mouth into the already-scarlet waves around him. Triton inhaled sharply. "What have you done, foolish demigod?" Percy laughed tiredly. "I made it to eighteen." Triton blinked. "What?" Percy grinned, knowing it probably looked pretty gruesome, what with the blood staining his teeth and all that, but the Sea Prince sounded so confused, it was hilarious. "I made it to eighteen," he reiterated. "Most of us demigods never make it to eighteen, and I wasn't supposed to make it past sixteen, but I did. Ha. Take that, Atropos." Triton stared at him. "You know," Percy continued. "I'm pretty sure that's why she hates me so much. Cuz I screwed up a lot of stuff. That's probably why about ¾ of the Council want me dead." Triton blinked. "I meant what have you done to yourself, Perseus." "Oh. Um, it wasn't me. Lamia kinda stuck her arm through my ribcage." Triton choked. "Stuck her arm through your ribcage?!" "Yeah. I thought she was behind me, but she got in front of me somehow. I basically just ran right into it. But seriously, she's really annoying. She won't die! I mean, I cut off her head, sliced her in half, left her in five pieces—nothing. She just reforms. And I know it isn't because of the Doors of Death, because me and Annabeth closed those. She just doesn't die." An agonizing shudder wracked his body, and his eyes involuntarily closed. He halfway panicked, forcing them back open, searching frantically for the moon. He found it again, and the tension leaked out of him. Triton's jaw set. "Alright, we're going to Atlantis." Percy smiled gently. "I'm not an idiot, Triton. There's no fixing this one." Triton's eyes hardened. "We'll see." He lifted Percy into his arms and took off. OoooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooO Twenty minutes ago…. Triton was running sword drills for new recruits in one of the training courtyards. Just because Gaea had been defeated didn't mean all the monsters just threw down their weapons and surrendered. He was correcting a young merman's truly appalling form when a small pod of hippocampi descended. Lord! Lord! LORD! He frowned, turning to face them. "Is it absolutely vital that I hear you out right now, or can we schedule a meeting later?" Now, Lord, it has to be RIGHT NOW! His frown deepened. Whatever it was, it had them very upset. He turned back to the mer. "My presence appears to be demanded elsewhere." The mer bit back a smile. The hippocampi were kind creatures, but they were dreadfully bubbly and dramatic. He inclined his head. "Of course, my Prince. Thank you for your advice." Triton smiled, clasping the soldier's shoulder. "Anytime." Then he turned and addressed the pod. "Well?" Blood, Lord! At Litchfield Beach, deep in the water. "Blood?" Yes, Lord! So much blood! "I appreciate your concern, but the sea does have its own rules. Survival of the fittest. I am dearly sorry if it was a friend of yours, but there is simply not much I can do." He bowed, and started to turn away when the smallest hippocampi cried, But Lord, it's the blood of the Sea! Triton nearly gave himself whiplash. "The blood of the Sea?!" Yes, Lord! Almost a thousand feet away from the shore of Litchfield! He nodded. "Thank you, loyal friends." He called the currents to him and took off, double tails powering through the water with all the