Teenage Edward Cullen meets his favorite singer/songwriter Bella Swan, 16 years his senior. All EPOV. Many thanks to Beta JCat5507. I owe her more than you can imagine. I do not own any publicly recognizable characters herein. No copyright infringement is intended. When I was two years old, my parents bought the debut album by an 18–year-old singer named Bella Swan. I remember as I was growing up they would put her CD on every once in a while, and whenever they did, I stopped whatever I was doing to listen. Her voice was so beautiful, a cross between Sarah McLachlan and Kate Bush. She had released her second CD when I was four, and both CD covers featured her beautiful face—with her brown hair and brown eyes. I was captivated. She hadn't released a CD in three years, and I asked my parents why they thought that was. At first, they tried to brush aside my question with a, "We don't know." But I kept asking. Finally, they did an internet search, and it turned out she had stopped recording and touring after her second CD and tour due to health issues. As I grew older and expanded my love of music, I always went back to her two CDs. And now, at 17, they are still my favorite CDs According to an ad I just saw, she would be playing in Seattle in one month, just three days after I graduate high school—a couple of days before I turn 18. I convince my best friends, Jasper and Emmett, to go to Seattle with me for the show. They immediately invite their girlfriends, but I'm accustomed to it being the five of us. Jasper and Alice will go to the show with me while Emmett and Rosalie enjoy a night on the town. ~~~MS~~~ Before I knew it, we had graduated and were getting ready to head to Seattle. I had listened to Bella's two CDs every day from the moment I saw she had this show coming up. I even had Mom and Dad listening to her on a few occasions. The drive to Seattle seemed to take forever. After her CDs had played through once in the car, Jasper, Alice, Emmett, and Rosalie vetoed any additional plays. We got a couple of hotel rooms near Eclipse, the venue where Bella would perform, and checked in. For dinner we find a pizza parlor a couple of blocks away. With the long drive, we wanted something quick and easy. As we sit and talk and laugh, I can't imagine my life without them. Going to college was going to be strange. I had gone to grade school and high school with these people. They are as much my family as my real family. When we get back to the hotel, we all gather in the guys' room – since I wasn't with anyone, they reluctantly agreed the guys would get one room and the girls would share the other – to watch a movie. Emmett picked a remake of "A Nightmare on Elm Street," which was mindless enough. A couple of other lousy horror flicks later, we finally crash somewhere around 4 a.m. When I wake around 11 a.m., I immediately jump in the shower. Showtime's at seven, doors open at five, and I want to be in line by two so I will be right up against the stage at this general admission show. When I'm done with my shower, Jasper and Emmett have woken up and are talking to the girls. We agree to meet for lunch at noon. Wandering a few blocks, we find a sushi restaurant that looks interesting. We seat ourselves, and I keep checking my watch, not wanting to be late for getting in line. Alice, the most perceptive of our group, finally has had enough. "Edward! What are you checking your watch for every two minutes?" "Oh…Well…I…I just wanted to make sure I wasn't late for the show." Alice rolls her eyes at me, "The show isn't for like seven hours." "Uh…I want to get in line at two." "At two?! Are you crazy?!" "Alice, it's a general admission show. I didn't come all this way to stand in back. I have to be up front, against the stage." Jasper looks at me like I'm crazy. "I said we'd come to the show with you, but we want to walk around Seattle. I don't want to stand outside the club for hours before the show." Alice nods her head, while her face looks apologetic. "You guys don't have to stand with me. It's just something I have to do. I'll stand in line, and you guys can catch up with me later." And then it happens. That one moment where time seems to slow down. The most beautiful girl, woman, I had ever seen in my life enters the little sushi restaurant. Bella Swan. It's her. Even though I haven't seen a picture of her in thirteen years, I know it's her. I can't hear anything but the thumping of my own heart. I can't see anything but her. She walks in with a woman and three guys. Kind of like our table at the moment. I guess the waitress is trying to take my order, but luckily, Jasper ordered a sushi assortment he knows everyone at the table will eat. "Edward?" "Edward?" People are saying my name, but I can't take my eyes off Bella. I watch as they are seated and thank God she faces me. I could keep watching her. "Edward!" "What?!" I finally acknowledge. "What the fuck has you so distracted?" Emmett asked. I lean in to the center of the table and whisper, "It's her. That's Bella Swan at the table over there." I nod toward Bella's table. I stare at her. When she laughs, her eyes twinkle. When she flips her hair behind her shoulders, I imagine running my hands through it. When she talks, I strain to hear her voice. Our food is set in the center of the table but I can't stop looking at Bella. Finally, Emmett has to intervene. "Dude, if you don't stop staring at her, she's going to call the cops on you for being a creep, then you won't be allowed into her show, and we'll have to deal with your pouty ass for months." I laugh. "You're right. I just never thought I'd see her anywhere but at the show." Eventually I turn my attention to my friends, though I can't resist glancing back at Bella's table every few minutes. Bella and her entourage leave before we do, and I can't take my eyes off her as she exits. The woman she arrived with throws a glance in my direction, but I don't care. I have wanted to see Bella Swan in person for nearly my entire life. I'm going to enjoy it. On our way out, I notice it's already after two. "Shit! Guys, I've got to get to the gig." We say our goodbyes, and I head to the club. There's no one outside, but the door is open. I peek through it and see some activity on the stage. Other than that, the club appears empty. I wander further in, looking around for anyone to tell me to get out, but there's no one. I sit at a small bistro able about half way back and continue to watch the stage with interest. There are guys setting out guitars, tuning them, adjusting microphones, and then I see a guy adjusting the lights on the stage. About half an hour passes before I see Bella walk onto the stage. This must be soundcheck. She walks up to the microphone, and I swear she's looking right at me. She squints for a second, but then she is back to business. She sings a few lines from a song I don't recognize, and I'm mesmerized. She sounds so much better live than hearing her on a CD. When the band joins her, they play "I Can See You Everywhere" from her second album. I can't take my eyes off the stage. She had just been there, and it was if she was singing only to me. Well, she was, because there was no one else in the club, but it felt like so much more. "Excuse me," says a guy wearing an old Rolling Stones t-shirt and looking to be about fifty years old. "You need to get out of here so we can get ready for the show." "Oh, yeah, sorry. I'll go." I go out the door, taking my place in line. Still nobody there, which surprises me. Jasper and Alice are going to come to club around six; they said they didn't feel like sitting there for hours. I still have about two hours before the doors open, so I sit on the pavement and wait. When 5:00 finally arrives, nothing happens. Finally, around 5:10, they open the doors. By that time, there's about twenty people in line with me. I enter the club and head to the front of the stage, right in front of where Bella will be singing. I don't care that it isn't the best place to hear or see the show. I just want to be close. I send a text to Jasper, letting him know where I am. He responds, letting me know he and Alice will be there before the show starts, but will probably hang near the back. It seems to take forever for 7:00 to come around. When it finally does, and the lights dim, some guy with an acoustic guitar hits the stage. I can't figure out what's going on until it dawns on me he must be the opening act. Finally, around 8:00, Bella's band takes the stage. They play for a good minute before she finally walks out on stage. She starts to sing a song from her first album, "Flirt," and I'm in awe. She sounds so amazingly good. The way she holds the microphone, closes her eyes, and puts all she has into singing every note is amazing. As the show goes along, I sing along with every song, and I never take my eyes off her. Even during a brief guitar or keyboard solo, I only watch Bella. It's nearly 10:30 when the show ends, but I can't leave yet. I need one more song. I need to see her one more time, but security starts shooing people out the door, and I reluctantly head outside where I run in to Jasper and Alice. "So, what did you think?" I ask them. "I liked it a lot more than I thought I would. She's a really good singer," Alice says. "Yeah, it was a pretty good show," Jasper offers. "You know, we heard some people talking about her signing autographs after the show, near her tour bus." "What? Are you serious?" I ask. "Yeah, and her bus is just around the build—" Before he can finish his sentence, I'm off to find the tour bus. I turn the corner, and it's right there. There are about a dozen fans standing around, waiting. I see people get on and off the bus, but no Bella. Has she already gotten on the bus? I apprehensively get closer, and suddenly, the other fans rush the back door of the club. I see Bella trying to get outside and a couple of people, including the woman who was with her at the restaurant, trying to protect her. The woman announces that Bella will sign a few autographs, but everyone should take a couple of steps back. From the look on Bella's face, I'd guess she's terrified. One by one, everyone gets their autographs, then it dawns on me I have nothing for her to sign. I left my CDs in the car and don't want to risk missing her to run back to get