Hi, everyone! This is my first Lord of the Rings fic, and I'm a little nervous. I hope you like it! This is only a two shot, but I'm sort of writing a longer LotR fic, which may or may not be finished (I'll only put it up here if it ever gets finished) and the OC in this will be used in that. Please reveiw! Legolas looked over the body strewn plain that lay before Helm's Deep, eyes sharp and focusing on everything. He took the flagon of water that Gimli passed to him without looking away, a silent prayer running through his mind. Many had passed this day and many children and women had been left father and husbandless. Children had been killed too. Such death had not been seen on this scale for an age. "… feast in Edoras to commemorate the – Legolas? Are you even listening to me?" "Do you see that?" Legolas asked, his eyes fixed upon one spot on someone he vaguely recognised. "See what?" Gimli asked. "There, at the edge of the battle field. A child." "A child?" the dwarf asked now much more interested in the sight beyond the wall he could not quite see over. Without another word Legolas left his friend and hurried through the keep, dodging between many a person and not minding anyone he accidentally caused to stumble. Once he was out of the fortified walls he picked up his speed and cut across the battle field on nimble feet. Quickly he closed in on the child. He realised that though the figure was clad in chain mail and armour, carried a sword and an empty quiver which a stringless bow was slung into, it was a girl. She was crying over a fallen body, her slender shoulders shaking and tears streamed from her eyes landing on her father's face and washed away some of the blood and dirt. Legolas knelt on the other side of the body to the girl and bowed his head in respect. "He has passed into the halls of his forefathers a hero," he said softly. "What is his name?" "Fastred, son of Elfhelm." "May your ways be green and golden, Fastred, son of Elfhelm as you venture into the afterlife." "There is no afterlife," the girl said bitterly. "When you're dead, you're dead." "Gandalf says that death is only the beginning of the next journey through the wheel of life." "Really?" she asked and looked up for the first time. Her pale grey eyes were awash with tears and her lip was trembling. "Yes." "Oh," she said and looked back to her father. "What is your name, child?" "Elfwyn. They say you are the prince of the woodland realm in Mirkwood." "I am. My name is Legolas." Elfwyn looked around her father's body and found a sword with a sharp blade and gold on the handle. Carefully she picked it up and placed it in her father's hand which she crossed over his heart. "There. He is a true knight of Rohan." She stood up, murmured a soft prayer and then turned away from her father for the last time. She knew that there would be a mass grave for all of the men and elves and deep in her heart she hoped that they would be buried together. They'd fallen united in battle and so they should lie in peace. It was how her father would want it. "Come," Legolas said and put a hand on her shoulder. "Your mother will be looking for you." "My mother is dead." The elf looked down at her with sadness in his eyes. From her height and the age in her face he supposed she was fourteen years old. Even for a human it was an age too young to be in battle. A tear fell from her eyes which were focused in the past. "They came in the night and had murdered most of the village before we knew anything was wrong. They shot the animals from afar so that they did not give us warming. Ma… she'd had a nightmare and screamed before she was killed. That is the only reason the rest of us woke. Even so…" "Who attacked you?" Legolas asked. "Uruk hai. They had the white hand of Saurman on their helmets and chests." She turned sharply away from him and tucked tangled brown curls behind her ear. "If the white wizard has deserted us then we have no hope." "Only if we give in," Legolas said. "Only if we lose the hope in our hearts." "What hope is there?" she shouted and spun around to face him. "Most of my people are dead and there is still more to come! Edoras is abandoned, Helm's Deep broken into and all but seized, our people…" Compassion filing his heart Legolas bent down so that he could look the child in the eye. "Elfwyn, the only way that evil will dominate this world is if we allow ourselves to loose hope. Dark times are ahead, darker than what we have seen by far I am certain. But we cannot give into the darkness." "It's too late," she whispered. "The king made his move too late." "But he is fighting back now and the men of Rohan are fierce. As are her shieldmaidens." He felt his lips quirk. "I saw you fighting. I would stand alongside you in battle." She looked back at him, light beginning to kindle in her eyes. "Really?" He nodded. "Yes." She smiled, but then looked at her feet. "I don't want to be in another battle… But if I have to be… To save the world from darkness I'd do it. We need all the swords we can get." Never had he ever heard someone so young talk like a seasoned warrior. A child should never have been exposed to blood and the cries of battle. In these time he was sad to say it was an ever increasing tale. "Let's get inside, Elfwyn." He guided her through the maze of bodies and into the keep where people's wounds were still being tended to on the streets and the battlement walls. Women were beginning to leave the safety of the stone walls to find their loved ones, retrieve weapons and trinkets. Men were already moving the dead, piling up the enemy corpses to light aflame when Helm's Deep was abandoned. The fallen comrades were being laid side by side and on the highest wall the king and his captain were discussing where they would be buried. Legolas led the girl through the keep's levels and into the king's hall. There was a table with food upon it and some soldiers were helping themselves, as was Gimli. Elfwyn eagerly sat down and piled her plate high. The battle had ended hours ago and she still had not eaten or even slept. Her hands were still encrusted with dirt and blood but she ate anyway. She filled her plate with meats and roots, the like of which she hadn't had for months. Her father had been a leather tanner, but not a prosperous one and food had been running short for months. "It is good to see a lass has not forgotten how to eat like a man!" Gimli chortled and passed her some juice which she drank greedily. Legolas took some food for himself and sat next to the child. He ate more slowly and listened to Gimli's commentary that the child was eating enough to rival a hobbit. Though it were true, he didn't think she'd like it pointing out but she didn't say anything so he didn't either. In time King Théoden strode into the room followed swiftly by Aragon. They both sat at the table and Elfwyn shot out of her chair stammering out the words 'my lord'. "What are you doing playing soldier, girl? Have you no respect for the dead?" Théoden demanded and rose from his chair, anger glinting in his eyes. Legolas stood too and put a hand on the child's shoulder. "Elfwyn saved my life in battle. Twice." The king softened immediately and sat down. "My apologies, Eflwyn. Sit." He gestured to her. Legolas sat and then she sat too. Aragorn had his eyes narrowed in thought as he looked at the girl trying to place her but after a moment realised he was unable to do so. "Brave of you to stand in battle," he said. "No braver than the men who fought and died," she said simply and then added, "My Lord." She wasn't sure who he was, but everyone else called him that so she supposed she should too. "Even so," Théoden said, "you should not have been out there. The women and children were sent to the caves." "Why should women not be allowed to fight for their kingdom? For their freedom?" she asked boldly. "I killed more orcs than most of the young men and boys and I came out the other side alive. Unhurt even." "Then you got lucky," the king said dismissively. "She has a point, my Lord," Aragorn said. "Where are your mother and father?" the king asked. "Dead. Ma was killed in our village. Da is waiting to be buried." "I am sorry for your loss." "What will happen to her now?" Legolas asked. Théoden sighed. All he wanted was a moment's rest, a meal without being asked questions he did not have the answers too. He was weary to his bones, his shoulder was still bleating with pain from when he was stabbed with the pike. He needed sleep and rest. He opened his eyes and looked at the girl who was so mature yet looking at him with the pleading eyes of a child. "You have aunts and uncles?" "No, my Lord," she said and her eyes filled with tears. "They were all killed when my village was attacked." Théoden sighed. It was such a loss to carry for one so young. Unfortunately he didn't doubt that many children were in similar positions. "Then I will take you into my house. You will guard Éowyn as we travel back to Edoras. The world is full of danger and she brings hope to our people. If she is lost I fear that we will all fall into despair. What say you?" For a moment Elfwyn didn't know what to say. It was a responsibility never before given to someone of her age, man or woman. If Lady Éowyn was killed it would be on her shoulders which were already heavy with so much loss. But this was her chance to do her part in this war. A chance to make a difference and make her father proud. "I will protect my Lady Éowyn to the best of my ability, my King." "I will take you to get your sword sharpened and new arrows for your quiver," Legolas said and abruptly left the table. It was only when he was out of the hall and sure that the child was following him that he picked up his pace in order to vent his anger. She was a child. No child should be ordered to fight. Oh eh had no doubt that Elfwyn would do so again willingly, but that was her choice. The wrong choice, but a choice nonetheless. The king should never have put her in a position where she had to risk her life in order to keep her honour. He wondered if the man knew that childhood years were the most precious a person lived through. Children were supposed to be protected by their elders. He strode through the keep swiftly, people moving out of his way when they saw the anger in his eyes. He banged the door of the armoury open making some women yelp in surprise. There were only two sharpening stones, both of which had smiths sat at them. He made the first man