DISCLAIMER: Stephanie Meyer owns Twilight not me. I just love playing around with the characters we all know and love. :-) My 2nd Fanfiction... So VERY excited. Similar stories and ideas have been done I'm sure but this is my version of what it would be like for vampires to imprint. I had this idea and it wouldn't shake so I'm writing it down. lol If you like this one check out 'I second that emotion'. The story is told from Jasper's POV, and centers around what it would be like if Jasper hadn't joined the Cullen's with Alice. What if she had already been a Cullen? What if she was newly created and her power was much different than original story? THE ROYAL IMPRINT SUMMARY Vampires and Wolves are in a state of constant war and humans are caught in the middle. They are either controlled as subjects, enslaved for food, or worshiped as IMPRINTS. Imprinting is the cause of, cure for, and meaning of EVERYTHING in this world. Treaties and enemies have been made involving the rare and precious bond and those agreements are about to be tested. F.Y.I. *In my story both vampires and werewolves feed from humans. CHAPTER #1: Blood Bonds EPOV (Edward's Point of View) Another day, another battle of will. "Sire?" I look over to my servant, Ben, as he bows hesitantly outside my door. He's a human that I took in a few years ago when he was only 15 years old. Human servants were fairly common though not with royalty. They lacked the strength, speed, stamina, and other things that vampires possessed, but I trusted him implicitly. "Come in, Ben." I sat up from my bed as Ben entered then waited patiently for me to 'wake-up'. I actually hadn't slept as to much had been on my mind all evening. Of the many things occupying my thoughts our worlds history was at the top of it all. I was the crowned prince of the largest of the six kingdoms. That alone caused a lot of problems for me. Each Kingdom was run very differently by very different rulers. Not all the kingdoms were ruled by vampires either. Ours, Olympia, was one of only 3 ruled by vampires. The others were Denali and Volterra. The Wares also had 3 kingdoms; LaPush, Lyan, and Banlen. There was nothing but unrest between all 6 groups and loyalties were tested daily. Our kingdoms closest ally was Denali. They were the most peaceful and trust-worthy of the others. The problem was they were also one of the weakest, meaning our allegiance was more important to them then it was to us. History would state many different reasons for our constant wars but in the end I had my own beliefs. IMPRINTING. The mystical bond that changed everything a little more than 500 years ago. That may seem a long time, and is in fact my age, but for immortals it really wasn't. I was mature for my race but hardly on par with the elders of my kingdom with regards to seniority. For thousands of years vampires and werewolves have existed and ruled over the planet, while for the most part avoiding each other. The races hadn't fought on any grand scale, and the disputes stayed personal not political. Then my father happened. Like all vampires, he had been a human that was turned into a vampire. Regardless of the strange way vampires 'procreated' it was the only way possible. My father was not created into royalty as at the time kingdoms rose and fell all the time in pursuits of power. He didn't even know who had created him as it was most likely done accidentally. From the start though, my father, Carlisle, felt different from those around him. When vampires are first turned, they are mad with blood-lust, desperate to feed and passionate over even the smallest feelings inside them. My father was just as blood thirsty as all of them but his determination not to be a monster helped him stay strong. He managed to do something for the first time in our species known history. He fed off animals. Of course vampires had drank animals before him but only when humans had been scarce in an area. It was never an active choice that any had even considered sticking with, but my father did. He eventually became the master of this new diet due to his own sacrifices and training. He learned to resist the call of human blood completely. To this day the only human blood he has had was from when he'd changed his children into vampires. He determined that this was a sign he was on the right path for himself. Never a man to judge others if he could help it, he chose to live with his own kind as he still wanted to help vampires, just not feed like them. These views among the royal court at the time were met with, as my father always explained, hesitation. Nevertheless he was a high ranking member due to his expertise when it came to physiology for both humans and vampires. Vampires were strong but still needed medical attention at times. He overcame everything thrown at him and worked hard for human rights. I could only imagine what he had endured to get our kingdom from the state it had been in. The history of human treatment has never been anything but ugly in our world. He had sought for humans to be treated decently by the vampires. He was laughed off but when Carlisle made good points and plans none could argue. There was an active war between the vampires and the wares at the time with both competing for food. Carlisle argued that if things continued there wouldn't be enough humans. He was given permission to create a human 'city' within our lands where the humans could live freely but would have to donate blood regularly for the vampire populace. His program was met with a lot of skepticism at first but within about 20 years it had flourished beyond anyone's imagining. None of the other kingdoms succeeded in doing this, and as a result they struggled to have enough blood, whereas our Kingdom never did again. To this day we hadn't struggled with blood rationing for hundreds of years, and it remained a constant problem in all 5 of the other covens. This amazing fact was one of the biggest reasons we were at the top of the hierarchy, and it was thanks to my father. In the early days he lived very peacefully and actually volunteered to be the humans 'warden'. The Royals of the time agreed eagerly and appointed Carlisle to be the ambassador between the human city and the vampires. He actually lived with the humans to maintain their trust and felt it was his rightful place to be. He kept up the pretense of watching the humans, but in actuality his sole goal was to to keep the humans safe, not imprisoned. It was a routine day for him, some 500 years ago, when everything changed. A group of humans had escaped vampire hunters and had fled to our kingdom and our 'human sanctuary' that was looked upon as heaven on earth for humans. Among the humans that came there was a young girl, about 16 years old full of fear but beautiful beyond anything he had seen before. The exact moment Carlisle looked at her he saw nothing else. He wasn't the same man anymore. His mind didn't register what was happening or why and in no way did he care. All he knew was she was his and he needed her. The bond, imprinting as it came to be called, had NEVER happened before and as a result no one knew what to say about it. Carlisle was well respected and loved by the people of the kingdom, both vampire and human, so not even the royals had the power to question the bond as any action taken against him or his 'human' would have resulted in a mutiny from the people. He was so respected and loved in fact that many vampires had switched to his diet which caused him an enormous amount of pride and joy. Carlisle was able to take care of Esme as a result of the peoples loyalty to him. To make the connection more perfect he learned that the bond was in no way one sided. Esme, the young girl, fell just as much in love with him as he did her. Her feelings for him were not as strong as his at first, but that was simply because she was human and he wasn't. Everything vampires feel is more potent than it would be for a human. She succumbed fast enough though and gave her heart to him as completely as he'd given her his. The bond was just one of many surprises the two would face, and they had no way of knowing all the miracles fate had in store for them. The biggest surprise came a few years later when Esme actually became pregnant. Vampires were incapable of conceiving children so this was impossible, and yet it happened anyway. Any vampire in his position would have assumed she had cheated on him but Carlisle never doubted her or their child. Her pregnancy proved to be difficult and Carlisle had worried he would lose her as a result. He was very wrong though as things only got more amazing. About two months into her strenuous pregnancy, Esme suffered a massive heart attack. Carlisle was panicked and was about to give her his blood as well as take hers, which would have turned her and killed the baby, before the next miracle occurred. Esme came out of it, all on her own. She survived what should have killed her and the baby. After running tests, upon tests, upon tests, Carlisle learned the next amazing thing about imprints. Just as a human imprint gives their vampire mate the human ability to have children, a vampire gives their mate a bit of their own special skills. Imprints actually become immortal, just like their vampire. They aren't invulnerable and can still die far easier than a vampire can, but if left unharmed they can live forever. The solution to her health issues was actually obvious looking at it now, but at the time no one would have had a clue. As it was Carlisle hadn't postulated the theory on his own, and it was actually Esme that gave him the idea. She began to 'like' the smell of blood and confided about it to Carlisle. His curiosity won out over his concern and he gave her blood to drink. After just 1 day of giving her the substance, her health increased dramatically. Esme quickly substituted almost her whole human diet with blood causing Carlisle to learn that their child was most certainly a vampire. This explained all of her health issues as the baby had been forced to feed from it's mother to get the blood it needed. This was what had caused her heart attack. After nine months Esme gave birth to a son, Edward... me. I was the first BORN, not created, immortal in existence, which in a way made me the oldest of my kind. I grew fast into my vampire abilities and when I hit puberty the next miracle occurred. I had been watched carefully by the whole royal house but had ignored it as it seemed normal to me. Normal ceased to even allude being a part of my life the day my birthday came. I still remember the day I fully developed into what I was. My family was celebrating my birthday with the high court as my father's position had only gotten more powerful because of me. I was only fifteen but as strong as any other fully mature vampire