A/N: If you're going to leave a review, I am fully aware that there are a million and a half Hunger Games fanfics out there featuring nothing but OCs, and I've decided to add this one to the fray. I don't care that it's been done before. This is a piece of self-indulgent writing, that I wanted to share, and hopefully receive feedback on. "You've thrown the worst fear That can ever be hurled Fear to bring children Into the world" Ella wiped the sweat off her forehead as she stared into the distance. She crossed and uncrossed her legs on the hot tin roof, prepared to leap down the moment someone shouted at her to get down. It had happened plenty of times before, but no one ever seemed to hold it against her. It was pretty common for the kids of District 10 to clamber over the low rooftops at the edge of town, much to the chagrin of their parents. They mostly avoided the roofs during the hotter parts of the year, but the cool breeze made it worthwhile-even when that cool breeze brought the foul odor of cattle with it. "Hey!" A cheerful shout made Ella look down to see her older cousin, Ruth. Ruth's cheeks were flushed with sun, matching her red hair. "Come down! I wanna talk to you!" She waved an arm over her head. "Where were you last night?" Ella called back, getting to her feet. She clamped a hand down on her long skirt as the wind teased it; she didn't feel like giving everyone in the district a free show. She made her way to the sloped edge of the roof and allowed herself to drop down to the ground. "That's what I wanted to talk to you about!" The grin on Ruth's face broadened, if that was even possible. "I was with Tom last night. He-" "You were supposed to be with us!" Ella snapped, rounding on her cousin. "We were worried about you! We-" She stopped suddenly, tears brightening her dark eyes. "Oh, right...the TV." Ruth said, rather dreamily. Her house was the only place Ella would have been able to watch the mandatory programming that was on last night, ever since Ella's father had broken the set at their house. "What was on?" Ruth asked, shifting her weight from foot to foot. Ella stared at Ruth. "What do you think was on? What else would we be forced to watch?" Recognition slowly dawned on Ruth's face. In a second Ella found herself in her cousin's arms. "Oh, Ellie. You'll be safe. Just two more years of this hell..." Ella found herself relaxing into the comfort of Ruth's embrace. "They're calling it the Quarter Quell." Her voice shook. Ruth stroked Ella's long hair. "No, El. It can't be you. It won't be you. They won't pick you." Ella took a step back from her cousin. "No, they won't be picking anyone." The floodgates broke, and the tears that Ella had been fighting so hard against ran down her cheeks. " You will." It explained why District 10 had been so quiet today, why Ruth was the only person in the region with a smile on her face. At home, Ruth's mother explained the whole situation through clenched teeth, about the announcement, and how the votes would be cast. Ella's parents hadn't managed to speak at all. The countdown to the Quarter Quell had begun. Everyone wanted a job in the fields. Watching free range cattle was infinitely preferable to working in one of the tanneries or slaughterhouses-or, worst of all, in one of the farms. Endless rows of lowing cows, knee-deep in their own waste, without the space to turn around. The first time Ella had visited her father here, she had to run outside and vomit. This was the beef and milk that most of Panem ate, force-fed growth hormones through tubes. And this was the one job her father could get. There wasn't much work for a one-armed man, especially one that could not seem to silence himself, not even after the districts' revolt had been put down. Ella had learned her lesson well enough from her first visit to the farm and waited outside the entrance for the workers to get out for the night. The whistle blew, announcing the end of the workday. A long line of women and men shuffled out between the steel doors, each smelling worse than the last. "Papa!" Ella called. "Papa!" At the end of the day, the workers were barely distinguishable from one another, but a stout man with greasy hair looked up at her. James Gibbons. Papa. Ella sucked in a breath, wishing that she was a little girl again. She would have run up to him and hugged him until he scooped her up in his arm and carried her home on his shoulders. Later, she would be scolded for coming home smelling as bad as her father. That was a long time ago. His light blue eyes met her dark brown ones. "What brings you here, Ellie?" She walked alongside him down the cinder-paved road. There was no way to stay clean in District 10. "News from Ruth. What she was doing a couple nights ago." James shook his head. "I think I know what she was doing a couple nights ago with Tom." A pink tint colored Ella's cheeks at the implication. "No, not like that. She finally told us. She and Tom are getting married." It was nice to know that life still went on, even in the midst of all this fear. No one had mentioned that announcement since it was made, only discussed the simple, ordinary things. Maybe if they didn't talk about it, it wasn't real. Of course, ignoring the Hunger Games for the last twenty-four years didn't make them go away, and certainly didn't make them any easier to watch. James only nodded at the news while Ella tried to smile. "When's the wedding?" "They don't know yet. I hope it's soon," Ella told him. Because if it wasn't, there was the very real possibility that she might never see her cousin, her best friend get married. But she would not let herself think about that. Try as she might, though, the thought was not far from her mind. After the reaping, when almost everyone in the District breathed a collective sigh of relief, then she would forget. She would watch the images on her screen with distance. They were not people she knew and grew up with. They were characters in the war stories her papa sometimes told when he got too much drink in him. It wasn't real. Just television. Just stories. She had to focus on reality: Ruth's upcoming wedding, the lowing cattle, the schoolwork that she still had to do. Sums of some kind, even though Ella was certain she could recite the times table several times over by now. "Weddings are such fun," James said mirthlessly. "You'll help Ruth make the arrangements?" Though she was much too old for it now, Ella found herself wishing she could hold her father's hand as they walked home. "Yeah," she replied, just to keep the conversation going. There were very few arrangements that would actually need to be made-maybe some food, or a small party, and finding Ruth a pretty enough dress. James only nodded, and they walked back home in silence. Technically, no one was supposed to be out after nightfall, but like the rooftops, it was a rule that went largely ignored. At least, Ella and Ruth had never paid much attention to it before. Now that Ruth was getting married, it seemed silly to follow it. They didn't know how much time they had left to spend together. Everything was changing. It was dark as they walked around the grain silos. The girls ducked into the shadows and spoke in whispers, though the worst anyone could do to them was yell at them to go home. Even in the dim moonlight, Ruth's beaming smile glowed. "I'll be moving into his house, of course, his parents have an extra bedroom ever since Lenny moved out." She chattered away like a bird in a tree. "Just until we save up enough money to buy our own." Ella let out an audible sigh. "Ruth, I'm happy for you, and I'm gonna let you finish, but can you do me a favor?" Ruth took Ella's interruption as an opportunity to catch her breath. "What?" "Can you shut up for a minute?" Ruth laughed and threw her arms around Ella's shoulders. "All right, El. But only for a minute." She didn't even make it that long. "You will help my momma, won't you? She's going to be in tatters once I leave, I just know it." Ella found her voice caught in her throat. She wanted to ask when they were going to the Justice Building, but something entirely different came out. "Ruth, who are you voting for?" She cut through the fluff that so readily exuded from her cousin. "What?" Ruth's smile shrank, her bright eyes clouded over. "Oh, El. Don't ask me that. Maybe I won't vote at all." "You have to." Ella could feel her legs start to shake. Her knees bent against her will. "Or they'll..." She couldn't finish the sentence. No one had said what consequences they would face for refusing to vote. The citizens' imaginations could fill in the horrors for them, each more grisly than the last. Ruth turned away sharply. "It doesn't matter. It won't be you. No one knows you." It was a thought that had never occurred to Ella. She was not exactly well-known in the District, not like some other kids were. She was anonymous, and knew that it would be her safety. "They know my daddy," she said after a minute's contemplation. His past as a rebel was no secret, and he did little to hide his own history. He was actually proud to be on the losing side of the war. Or the wrong side, as she had been told all her life. "Yeah. Well." Ruth scratched the back of her neck, apparently at a loss for an adequate reply. "I'm cold." Ella wrapped her arms around herself. "Let's go in." "Ella!" Ella opened her eyes slowly. The light streaming in from the lone window in her bedroom told her that it was still early, much earlier than she normally got up. She rolled over on her pallet, hiding her face in the pillow to keep the sunlight out. "Mm." She moaned. "Ella Gibbons! You get out of bed right now!" Her mother shrieked. "Do you want me to use the water again?" Ella shook her head and forced herself to sit up. Getting dowsed with cold water was not only a terrible way to wake up, but it left her pallet damp and cold for days after. Her mother, Mora, had only used that particular tactic to get her out of bed once. It was not an experience that Ella cared to repeat. "No, Momma," she managed to groan, her voice still thick with phlegm. She rubbed her eyes, clearing her blurry vision. Now that she could see her mother clearly, she saw the creases of worry in her forehead. "You are going to be late," Mora warned. "For what?" Not school, certainly. No one cared if she was late, or if she even showed up. The only reason she still continued with it was at her mother's insistence. Her mother's reply was to yank Ella off the bed by her arms and hand her a bundle of clothes-simple brown pants and a shirt that had once been white. "Get changed." She disappeared into the next room before Ella could even ask what the urgency was. Ella slipped into the familiar outfit quickly. Her mother's voice had an edge to it not normally heard, and