CHAPTER ONE Stepping out onto the street, I felt the pollution wrap itself around my body like a second skin, leaving what felt like an oily residue on any exposed skin. The few people on the streets wore gas masks, but most hid in their homes with their air filtration systems. But people like me, the shunned, couldn't afford either. However, I couldn't complain when the alternative could have been so much worse. It was worse for Bella, who had been taken from me, taken from us a year ago. Mia clenched my hand as she coughed hoarsely. The toxic air got to her even through the air filtration mask that I'd bought her. Again, I felt guilt at not being able to afford the best mask for her. In my old life, affording it wouldn't have been a problem. I didn't even have enough money for one of my own. The particles in the air invaded my lungs and stung my eyes even as I squinted into the city streets for a break in the traffic. I knew the pollution would eventually kill me if I kept breathing it in, but I had to wait for a few more paychecks before I could afford one. I pulled her up into my arms to carry her and made our move to cross the street before Mia's cough got any worse. Lifting her mask, she pressed a noisy kiss to my cheek. "I love you Daddy," she said with a happy smile. "I love you too, baby. Now put your mask back on," I said, squeezing her tight. Her smile turned impish and for a moment she looked exactly like Bella. "Can we get an ice cream?" "Not today, sweetheart," I said with a sigh. "Maybe tomorrow when I get paid." "Okay, Daddy," she said with a sigh, pulling her mask back on and resting her head on my shoulder. Reaching up, I brushed her long bronze hair out of my face. A gut-wrenching longing hit me at the action because it reminded me of so many times I did the same thing when Bella's hair would be in my face as she nestled against my chest. I missed Bella so much it was like a sickness on most days. It was an ever-present hole in my heart that could never be filled. At night after putting Mia to bed, it would grow into a feeling of panic. Alice told me that I had to be patient because I couldn't give away our plan by not being able to control my desperation. But time was running out. It was tragically unfair that by the nature of my birth she was the one punished for our shared mistake, the mistake that had become our miracle nestled in my arms. Yes, I was shunned by my kind, but Bella's punishment was so much worse. I worried that Mia wouldn't remember her mother. I told her stories about her and we would make up new ones about things we wanted to do when we got her mother back. However, I could tell that Bella was becoming less of a reality for Mia and more like part of a fairy tale. "Daddy?" Mia asked, wrapping her arms tightly around my neck. "What are we gonna do when the ship gets here?" "We're going to leave on it. Uncle Jasper and Auntie Alice, you, me, and Mommy," I said as confidently as I could. I could only pray that I'd be able to find her mother before then. "Why?" Mia asked. "It's an adventure, baby, just like we talked about last night. A whole new planet to explore," I said, hoping it was just that. Kepler was so far away that no one really knew what life there would be like. Several exodus ships had left, but each one lost contact after they'd been travelling for a few years. However, it had to be better than this, a dying world that controlled who people could marry and who could reproduce based on their genetic compatibility. "Ashka," people hissed at me as I walked by with Mia through the dark alleyway leading to our small apartment. The only reason I was accepted here at all was because of Mia. I didn't mind. I'd always been an outsider even amongst my own people. However, instead of being despised like I was here, I was practically worshipped for my genetic uniqueness. I could never hide it even if I tried. My uniqueness was written clearly in my features and even my hair. There was no one that looked like I did. I'd hated it in my old life, constantly wanting to hide who I was. Four years ago "Have you looked at any of the applications?" my mother asked, not looking up from the papers that were strewn across one end of the dining room table. "No," I grumbled, not wanting to get into it again. "Edward, you know it's expected of you. Normally, the eugenics department doesn't give people a choice. It's only because of your father that you can pick a candidate." I shook my head, grabbing a piece of toast and shoving it in my mouth. "I'm not interested, Mom," I said. "Why do I have to procreate? Doesn't the world have enough people?" "Edward…" she growled. "It's our duty as eugenie to-" "Gotta go, Mom. Can't be late for school," I said, sidestepping her and hurrying towards the door. "Take your vitamin!" My mom called out behind me, so I whipped back into the room and grabbed it off the table swallowing it dry before dashing out of the house. It felt like it was stuck in my throat, but I couldn't be in the house with my mom a moment longer to get a glass of water. Yanking on my gas mask and then my hat that would hide me from the stares of others, I threw open the door and practically ran into the yellow air of a Monday morning. Like always, even with the gas mask, the smog felt like it was strangling me. The oily taste could still seep in. It was such a stark contrast to the sterilized environment inside my house. I knew my mom and dad were going to press the issue when I got home, but for the moment I tried to push it out of my mind. Eugenie were expected to be matched with a compatible donor by their 21st birthday. However, because of my uniqueness, they were trying to make me decide now. I'd been harassed by the government for close to two years already and I was only nineteen. I knew that I had to make a decision because if not I could be arrested and then it would be forced upon me. Our kind didn't mess with the eugenics department. Demetri couldn't understand why I was fighting it so hard. "It's just a donation, man. It's not like you have to be a part of the whole process," he said, with a shrug. He'd been matched close to a year ago and already the woman he'd been assigned to had a child. He said it only took two donations. He didn't have anything to do with his child. It was an option for all involved. When my parents chose to raise me together, people were surprised, even shocked. It was not a common occurrence. Sometimes, children were not even raised by either of their parents. They lived at the eugenics school and were taken care of by professionals whose job was to educate and train people like me to be a useful member of society. My parents who chose to raise me together were unusual. They'd been lucky to find a friendship between them when they were matched. "Why do we need any more people?" I asked, as I sat on the bus with him. "Look at all the people wandering the streets," I said, pointing out the beggars and panhandlers. Demetri tsk 'd in disgust, "Those are not people. They're vermin." "They still need food, shelter, and air," I said. "Whatever, man," Demetri said, hauling out his tablet to look at his notes. We were both enrolled in the medical program. I was following in my father's footsteps, choosing the role of doctor for my future life. It was a day like any other. Classes were boring, having learned a lot of it already from my father. The only good moments were seeing Jasper and Alice who had been my close friends since childhood. We were all born on the same day, so we had the same case worker who we all met with once a month for mentoring. That's where we were all headed at that moment. Dr. Cullen worked with my father, but I didn't think they were ever friendly. Whenever I mentioned my meetings with him, my father would ignore what I was saying or even walk away. I didn't understand it. Dr. Cullen seemed like a nice man who was always easy to talk to and seemed to genuinely care about us. "How was your month, Edward?" Dr. Cullen asked me with a genuine smile. "It's been okay. Nothing much to report." "I heard from your mother that you are refusing to choose an applicant for procreation. Can you tell me why?" I scowled at the fact that my mother was tattling on me. "I'm not refusing. I just don't understand why it's such a big deal. Can't it wait for a few years?" Dr. Cullen frowned and looked at his chart. "You're still young, but you know that the eugenics board want to capitalize on your genes. They have since you were a child. You know what will happen if you dig your heels in, Edward," he said, resting a comforting hand on my shoulder. "I know, I know," I said with a sigh. "I just keep feeling like there should be more than just this. More than just school, work, procreation. I feel like there is something missing. Something that all of us are missing." Dr. Cullen froze in his perusal of my chart and looked up at me seriously. "Are you taking your vitamins?" he asked, intently. "Of course," I said, straightening up. "I'm not stupid. I know that it's important for my health." "Good, good," he said, making a notation on my chart. "Let's bring in the others, okay?" After our meeting, I wandered through the atrium with Jasper and Alice. The dome was blue to mimic the way the sky used to look. Energy pumped in from solar panels above the smog layer gave the energy for the plants to grow and the animals to thrive. Clean air was now courtesy of the scientists rather than the trees. "So, you haven't looked at any of the applicants?" Jasper asked. "No…" I said, looking down at my feet and hunching my shoulders as I heard whispers and giggles from others around me. "You're lucky, man. You get to choose," Jasper said in his quiet voice. "I'm dreading the day that I get matched. I won't even get to see the woman who is going to bear my child. What if she's horrible? Genetic compatibility doesn't take into account personality. I want to be involved in my child's life. It doesn't seem fair that I'll be saddled with a complete stranger." "You guys have it easy. I'm going to have to carry a stranger's baby in my body for nine months and then raise him or her, probably on my own," Alice said with a sigh. "I wish things were different," I said with a huff. Both Alice and Jasper nodded their heads. Alice was the first to break the somber mood. "I say we take a walk on the wild side and go get ice cream," she said, almost in a whisper. "Why Miss Alice…" Jasper said with a dramatic gasp. "Are you actually