DISCLAIMER: I own nothing. Stephenie Meyer owns it all. JANUARY Two months. It had been two months since Charlie Swan had seen his daughter and grand-daughter. He could care less about his son-in-law. This was probably his fault anyway. He had always thought that he was a bastard. The last time Charlie had seen all of them together was on Christmas Day. Edward was his usual cool as a cucumber self, but no matter how hard Bella had tried to hide it, he knew that something was wrong. Jake had once warned him that one day, Bella was going to take off on him. Maybe his daughter knew that this was coming and couldn't face him. No matter how bad it could possibly be, no matter how deep dark the secret was, Charlie would have done whatever it took to keep them in his life. Bella knew all of this. So why in they hell, Charlie thought, had he not seen hide or hair of them since early January? They had been speaking almost everyday and up until that point and Bella had brought Nessie over to see him several times a week. He knew that leaving would be a possibility, but she had promised him that she would at least keep in touch in some way. She had promised him. And then, one day, she just stopped answering the phone. Edward never picked up his cell phone either. Charlie had gone over to the Cullen house. All of the cars were still there and even a few that didn't belong to them. But there was no sign of life in the house. The lights were all out. In fact, he went by twice and knocked on the door, but no one ever answered. At first, he had given them the benefit of the doubt that they could just have not been home. It was a hope he held onto tightly. The third time Charlie went by was different. He would get to the bottom of this. The front door was locked and so was the back. The back of the house was covered completely by metal. He wondered to himself when they had decided to cover up the glass. It looked as though the Cullens were defending themselves against something. From the back, it looked like a fortress. There was no way in hell Charlie was going to be able to get through that metal. He would have to find another way inside. As Charlie was walking around to the front of the house from the other side, he noticed another structure a little ways off that he had never noticed before. It was the same design as the main house, but it was hidden by the trees. Charlie made his way over to it and realized it was a garage of some sort, but far bigger than any garage that he had ever seen. Luck was on Charlie's side because one of the smaller doors in the rear of the structure was unlocked. He knew no one was around to see, but he still tried to be stealth about it as he slid inside. After fumbling around in the dark for a minute, Charlie was able to find a light switch. Before him was the most beautiful and impressive collection of cars that he had ever seen. Edward's Volvo was parked in front of the house along with a red BMW, but Charlie definitely recognized the Aston Martin as the car that Edward had driven Bella in to the prom. Bella's Mercedes was also parked alongside Carlisle's own Mercedes. However, the car that was parked all the way in the back was by far the most amazing car that Charlie had ever seen in his whole life. A Ferrari. It took his breath away. So much so that the yellow Porsche parked next to it paled in comparison. Charlie knew that people in Carlisle's position made a hell of a lot more money than any other Forks resident could ever dream of making, but all of this was beyond even the salary of the Chief of Surgery at Forks General Hospital. After Bella and Edward got engaged, Edward had sat down with Charlie to discuss the finer points of his financial situation. His birth father had been a lawyer and had left him several million dollars as well as the family home in Chicago. Apparently, it was an old house built in the late 1800's. With Carlisle's help, he had modernized the property and now rented it out for a pretty penny. He also had a team of lawyers who took care of it for him. Carlisle and his advisors had helped Edward invest his inheritance. Edward did not come out and say it, but he implied that Bella and any children that they might have would never want for anything or even ever have to work. How his daughter ended up in the only teenage marriage with a millionaire, Charlie would never know. But there was always more than meets the eye with Edward. With all of the Cullens really. Bella had given birth to Nessie in just under a month after the wedding. Even if she had been pregnant at the wedding, she definitely didn't look it. Yet, Charlie was not allowed to know how all of this was possible. However Nessie may have come into existence, Charlie knew one thing for sure. She was his grand-daughter. Her last name may be Cullen, but she was still a Swan as far as he was concerned. She was a part of him. As Charlie looked around the garage, he noticed a pegboard against the far wall with some keys hanging off of it. He walked over to it and saw that the keys were all labeled. Charlie thought he had hit the jackpot. One of the keys was labeled "Main House". He grabbed it and hightailed it over to the mansion. Again, he took a quick look around before putting the key into the lock. Everything that even remotely involved the Cullens made him jumpy. Once he was sure that no one was watching, he entered the house. Without the Cullens actually there, the house almost felt normal. It sure as hell looked normal to Charlie. It was a suburban home like any other. Well, it was the suburban house of a wealthy doctor in Forks. It was a castle to a lot of people in the area. Everybody in town was always curious about this house. This family intrigued people everywhere they went and left people wanting to no more no matter how normal their lives seemed. In front of Charlie was the staircase that he walked down with Bella on her wedding day. That moment was forever seared into his memory. It was the day that changed things forever. Charlie always knew that it would, but the changes were far more than he could have anticipated. Giving her away to Edward had apparently meant that Bella had turned away from any sort of normal life that her father had hoped she would have had. Soon, Bella had contracted some sort of rare tropical disease and, a month later, gave birth. Charlie tried to shake off this knowledge. Billy had always had some farfetched prejudice against the Cullens. He never failed to warn Charlie that they could never be trusted. In hindsight, it was some sort of mystical knowing that he had been privy to. I should have listened Charlie thought to himself. I should have kept Edward Cullen away from my little girl. Charlie moved throughout the first floor. The living room, the dining room and the kitchen. Whenever Charlie had visited, Esme would always have this delicious fruit drink on hand. It was some sort of European soda water. It was probably wrong to do it, but he was thirsty. There in the refrigerator, Charlie found what he was looking for. Right there next to the eggs, English muffins, some now wilting lettuce and several packets of blood. Somebody was taking their work home with them. Downstairs didn't really give Charlie any clues as to their whereabouts, so he headed up to the second floor. The first room was what must be Carlisle and Esme's room. Like the rest of the house, the furnishings were pure luxury. Everything was cream colored and airy. On the dresser was their wedding picture. They must have had a theme wedding because those two were dressed like people from the 1920's or 30's. He felt funny snooping so he kept moving. Down the hall were two more bedrooms. One guess which one belonged to Alice. For someone who was so meticulous about wedding planning, there were clothes strewn about on every surface almost as though someone had been in a hurry. Just as he was about to leave the room, he noticed another wedding picture. This one looked like it had been taken in the 1950's. Theme weddings must have been a family favorite. Every moment became more and more bizarre. He never knew Alice and Jasper were married. Charlie was aware that there was more to Alice and Jasper's relationship than a familial bond. Bella had assured him it was okay because they were both adopted. There was still something wrong about it to Charlie. Yet, it didn't escape his attention that the two seemed so well suited to each other. So did Rosalie and Emmett, but it still seemed just so wrong. Trying to shake off this internal debate, the chief of police found himself moving to the third floor. While the second floor had multiple doors running along the same length, this floor only had two doors on opposite sides of the hall. Charlie looked at both doors and tried to open the one to his right. However, it was locked and when he glanced up at the wall beside it, he noticed an electronic keypad. Charlie reasoned that he may have to come back another day with his tools and break the door down. Something told him that should the Cullens ever return, it was unlikely they would want to get the authorities involved for breaking and entering. So, Charlie attempted to see what was behind the second door. He was in luck. It was unlocked. However, the contents of this room were far less sinister than what he imagined was behind the other door. This room was obviously a playroom for Nessie. It was filled with toys, books, dress-up clothes and every other item that could delight a young child. It completely ripped Charlie's heart out to know that she would most likely never return to play with any of it. Even if she did, she would have long outgrown her childhood. It was at that moment that Charlie Swan realized that he would never see his daughter and grand-daughter ever again. He had hoped, but he knew in his heart that it was all over. They were gone. His love for them and this empty house were the only proof that they had ever existed. For the first time since his divorce, Charlie broke down sobbing. Looking back on the history of his relationship with Bella, it seemed to be filled with more strife than loving moments. Renee had taken her away. He saw her for only two weeks out of the year at most. Then, when she finally came to live with him, she was almost immediately stolen away by Edward Cullen. Even when Edward left her, she was still with him. She still belonged to him. Charlie never stood a chance. He wondered if the fates had ever meant for him to be a father at all. MARCH The last two months had seemed like a frenzied eternity to Jacob Black. From the moment he took off running from that snow-covered field in Forks with Nessie on his back, life had never been the same. He had pushed his body