Disclaimer: I don't own Harry Potter The heat of the room was suffocating and as she tossed around on the bed Molly grew frustrated. Beside her Arthur was fast asleep, his breathing steady. How he was able to sleep when it was just so warm she didn't know but with a shake of her head she pushed herself out of bed. It was the middle of July and the country was several weeks into a heatwave. Molly couldn't remember a summer like this since the infamous summer of 76. Forgoing her dressing gown she walked out of the bedroom and groaned as the heat from the landing hit her face. It was so warm. As she passed the first door on her left she stopped, she remembered the summer of 76 like no other, she was heavily pregnant with Percy at this point and the last few months of her pregnancy were the hardest few months of any of her pregnancies. The heat and the stress of having two young boys at the same time was such a struggle. She'd never forget the day it rained, that beautiful day in September where the heatwave finally ended. Percy was only a few weeks old but she could to this day remember running around in the back garden with Bill and Charlie, jumping in puddles and dancing in the rain as Arthur stood and watched from the door with Percy cradled in his arms. So much had changed since then, the bedroom that was once shared by her three eldest boys was now occupied with only one. Two had moved out, Charlie was in Romania studying dragons and thinking of Percy brought tears to her eyes. He was gone, he'd left the family home in a fit of rage and hurt, feeling betrayed but unknown to him blinded by the words of the Minister. A war was waging and two of her boys were out of her reach, too far away for her to protect. The room was now inhabited by her eldest, her Bill. She adored her eldest son, and was so proud with all he had achieved but there was one thing she didn't like. Alongside her eldest son was a young woman. She had instantly took a dislike to Fleur, a dislike that had grew upon learning of their engagement. Bill was a sweet guy, he was hard working and down to earth. Why did he allow himself to be persuaded by Fleur's charm and good looks? How couldn't he see that woman was bad news, she had not only criticized Celestina Warbeck, but she had turned her nose up at her home! Bill could do better and she was determined that he would see that. She was against name calling but couldn't deny that Ginny's pet name was rather suiting. She shook her head as she walked past, there was no point stressing over it now. Nothing could be changed tonight. She turned on the spot and stared up at the staircase. The smallest bedroom of the house was Ron's, located just below the attic. She worried about her youngest the son the most. He and Harry had a habit of getting themselves into plenty of trouble at Hogwarts and she was fully aware now that Lord Voldemort had returned he would find himself in more peril. Harry had been a member of the family since the summer of his first year, ever since then she had accepted him as one of her own, constantly worrying about him and protecting him whenever she could. This year would be no different, Sirius had died only a few weeks ago and it was clear to Molly that Sirius's death was hard on him. She knew what it felt like to lose someone, her own two brother had died many years ago and just thinking of them caused her heart to ache. Walking down the stairs to the first floor she stared at the wooden door to the left, it was oddly unsettling for the room to be so quiet. After all the years of explosions and loud bangs coming from Fred and George's room it was unnerving for it to be so quiet. She hadn't quite made up her mind on how she felt about her twins. She was still furious that they had left Hogwarts, even more so knowing between the two of them they had a total of four OWLS. Their education had been futile and all that money she had spent on them for it had slid straight down the drain. But though she was angry, furious even. She was still intrigued and a little proud of their latest accomplishments. There was no denying that Fred and George were intelligent she had seen the evidence of that in their creations, the shop was still only new but from what they had told her business was going well. They both now resided in the small flat above the shop and them no longer being in the house made it feel so much quieter. The room opposite the twins held her daughter, her last child. She had been so relieved when the midwife had turned to her and said it was a girl. After all those years of trying and after each birth of a son, to be told the baby in her arms was a girl was a miracle. She had done everything in her path to keep her daughter safe, it had been a blessing a blessing she was still grateful for after all these years. Ginny would be heading into her fifth year at Hogwarts, her birthday only a few weeks away. How time had flown, she could remember the amazement and excitement on all her sons faces upon hearing they had a sister. Now she was nearly a grown women, and a woman she was ever so proud of. Sharing Ginny's room was another young witch who she deemed a daughter. Hermione Granger was an inspirational witch and had instantly grown fond of her from the first day that they had met. Her intelligence and her maturity had blown her away and she could fail to find a single thing she didn't like about Hermione. She balanced both Harry and Ron's personalities and allowed Ginny to have the sister relationship she had always craved. She indeed hoped that in the future Hermione would one day be an honorary Weasley. On instinct she walked towards the clock as she entered the living room, and her heart ached more as the handles on the clock continued to point in mortal peril. She had never felt so powerless, her children were in danger and she couldn't do anything. She gently stroked the clock and closed her eyes. It was the last gift from her brothers, they had died only a month after Ginny's birth. With their fiery hair and rebellious personalities they had charmed more than one witch in their years. Each of her children admired and loved their Uncle Fabian and Uncle Gideon, and she herself had adored her brothers. Even giving using their names as middle names for Fred and George. She missed them, missed them so damn much that it hurt. Wiping her sweaty brow she turned away from the clock and padded softly into the kitchen. She reached for a glass in the cupboard and turned on the cold water. She stared out of the window to the back garden, everything was changing and though she was proud of the people her children were becoming she wished she could turn back time just for one day to those sweet little faces that were once so dependent on her. She had always loved the night time, as a young child she would often sneak out of bed and sit by her window watching the moon in the sky and the stars twinkling brightly, and as she stared out of the window she gazed up at the stars fondly. The Draco constellation was shining brightly tonight, she had once known all of the constellations but as she stared up at that one constellation she frowned. It was ironic that tonight Draco would reflect in the sky after the article published on the front page of the Daily prophet. She reached for the newspaper on the table, Lucius's Malfoy's face was plastered across the front, the title reading Malfoy Gets Life in large bold letters. The sentence had been delivered yesterday and the Daily Prophet had latched on the tale. Tonight as her family slept safe and sound, a long way away a boy would be without a father. No matter what she thought of Lucius Malfoy how she believed he deserved every horrid thing that came to him, the real victim in this was his son. Her eyes were taken from Lucius's face when a bright light suddenly appeared in front of her. She gripped her wand in her right hand as the light began to shine brighter. Her heart was beating in her chest, she stuck her wand out further when suddenly her vision disappeared, bright light surrounded her and she clenched eyes shut. She clutched her ears and tucked her chin to her chest. The room was spinning around her and her stomach turned, she removed her hands from her ears to clutch her stomach in hopes that this childlike notion would stop the feeling of nausea. The lights were still bright but she could hear talking. But the voices weren't clear and she could feel her heart beat increase. The light around her slowly started to dim until the voices became far more precise. "Molly!" it was a voice she knew so well but hadn't heard in years. She slowly peeled open her eyes, blinking from the light. But as she stared at the tall figure in front of her she felt faint. It couldn't be, it wasn't possible! She looked to the figure in front of her to the one stood beside her. Her breathing became erratic and she stepped back in fear. "It's okay Molly, stop panicking!" but she couldn't, it was impossible, there was no way to bring back the dead but stood right in front of her were her dead but very much alive twin brothers. "Gideon, Fabian?" she finally stuttered out and the two men nodded. "Don't panic, we'll explain everything now Mols, take some deep breaths and calm down." "This isn't happening, this isn't happening!" she muttered taking a step away from the two men identical to her twin brothers. Her brothers were dead, and had been for many of years. Her head whipped around studying her surroundings; there were four white walls, no door and seven colourful orbs on grey pedestals. There were no windows and the ceiling was low. She looked for her wand but she couldn't find it. She was trapped. "Molly, you need to breath before you pass out on us." Said the voice belonging to the Fabian look alike. "You look no different to the last time I saw you," she whispered. "That's what death does to you Mols, it allows you to stay young." Said Gideon with a smile. "You've changed though, you look older." "And a little wider then we remember," chuckled Fabian with a smirk. Molly turned to him with a scowl. "It really is you." she muttered. "What's happening?" only her brothers would be cheeky enough to comment on her weight, only the dead would dare it. The two brothers looked at one another and it allowed Molly to take in their appearance. Their complexion was paler then it used to be, though she could still identify the scattering of freckles along their cheeks and nose. Faces angular with slightly large noses and high cheek bones, hair still bright red and wild and their blues eyes were brimming with excitement and life. If she stood next to them they would still tower over her, both tall and lean