A/N- I promise I have nothing against the name Tyler. In fact I like it enough that I named a character Tyler. The title just encapsulated the relationship well and it's a quote from the story. So, sorry... Severus replaced his spoon into his can of cold soup. It was a revolting congealed glob, but it was food, or a close approximation. What he wanted was a large Hogwarts meal, warm rolls and plates of succulent meat followed by desserts that were sweet enough to rot one's teeth on contact, but that wasn't to be. At least not until next year, Severus thought bitterly to himself. Dumbledore wanted him to take old Slughorn's position after he retired at the end of the year. The Headmaster had just mentioned it the day before. Severus was to come by the school a few times a week to be trained to take the position, and he wasn't looking forward to it. Dumbledore however wanted to babysit him and that would be easier if he were right under the old man's broken nose. Severus sulked as he kneeled down on the floor, set the can of food aside and began to rummage through the next box of books he had carted from his last home in London. He had, against his better judgment, returned to Spinner's End. He couldn't decide how much he disliked this arrangement, but his parents had left the house to him, and now that the Dark Lord had fallen he had no connections and no chance of keeping an income, at least not until the brutal discrimination against those who had been on trial for connected crimes ended. Severus checked the binding on his Advanced Potions books, setting them in order, then slipped them onto the shelf closest to the floor. The higher up shelves were already full and he hadn't had a chance to clear them out or reorganize them. Under the Advanced Potions books the box held some of his Defense Against the Dark Arts books. He wanted them on a higher shelf. He looked up for space but his search was cut short by a sudden rapping on the door. He didn't look up; no one stopping by his home would be welcomed. They were either looking for his parents or looking for someone who no longer existed; Severus the Hogwarts Student or Severus the Death Eater. Now he was just Severus the pet of Albus Dumbledore, and no one visited that. He pulled a few potions ingredients and a few small notebooks from the box. He sighed, put the ingredients back into the box and levitated it to the kitchen. The rapping on the door happened again, this time more insistent, followed by someone desperately calling out his first name. The voice struck Severus as familiar, distant and from a dream, but he couldn't place it. Instead he dropped the box on the counter, walked back to the living room and pulled another box toward himself. This one was similarly filled with books, but darker ones, one that would have been shuffled to the restricted section of the Hogwarts Library, but would fit into the Spinner's End library quite nicely. The knocking turned to fist pounding and still Severus ignored it. "Severus, please? I heard your parents died, they gave you the house? I guess? Are you here? Sev!" Severus looked up from his work and blinked slowly at the door as the fist pounding turned to knob rattling. Who would know that information? Few Death Eaters knew or cared who his parents were, fewer Hogwarts students did. None would call him "Sev". The voice sent ice shivering down his spine. Why was the voice so familiar, why was it making him so cold? "Severus, I need your help, please just open the door." There was pounding again, heavy, imploring. The voice was joined with a few muffled cries, high pitched and angry. Severus flinched, feeling as if he had been burned. Those were the cries of a baby. He bolted to his feet and retreated into his kitchen, as far away from the front door as he could be. His body knew who was at the door, even if his mind hadn't caught up. He could still hear the pounding and he was backed as far into the counter as he could be without climbing onto it. He shut his eyes and tried to block out the sound of Lily Evan's younger brother, and surely her son, at his front door. What were they doing here? Why!? Lily stumbled as she dashed out of the row of trees near her home in Cokeworth. Severus was on her heals and he heard a laugh erupt from her as they tumbled onto the green grass. She rolled over and looked back into the trees. Severus watched her green eyes for a moment then turned back to the tree line. Tyler should have been rushing out after them, short, and tripping over the roots as he chased. "Where is he then?" Severus wondered sitting up. Lily slowly stood again. This was the first time the boy had been allowed to follow them on one of their adventures after years of begging. They weren't particularly pleased. Severus tried to convince her to ditch him in the forest but Lily had been adamant that they keep an eye on him. The boy was barely five and hero-worshiped Severus. She wouldn't leave him behind. "I don't know, I heard him a second ago." Lily sighed putting her small fists on her hips. Severus squinted into the underbrush. Something small and uncoordinated stumbled out from between two tall maple trees. "That was crazy." It huffed kicking some brambles off its leg and stumbling over to Severus and Lily. "Where are we going now!?" It asked, beaming at Severus. Severus glared down at it with his dark eyes, but the child was completely undeterred. His smile was that of a naïve trusting puppy, his eyes doubly so, green and sparkling. Severus growled up at the indifferent grey sky. "Tyler where were you." Lily asked spinning the kid toward her. "There was a thing and branches, and then there was a… a thing from the sky and sparklers and ." He panted and Lily squinted over at Severus. He could guess he was in trouble, but it was only a few sparks and some lifted roots. The kid was really annoying after all! He looked sheepish as Tyler continued trying to explain to Lily where he was with his unsophisticated verbal skills. The boy was an idiot, but unlike the other idiots in the world he was completely and utterly unafraid of Severus Snape. "Did you see 'um?" He asked Severus. "Huh?" "Tha lizerds!" Tyler repeated enthusiastically. He glared but then Lily gave him a look and he grudgingly answered, "I did not see the lizards." as clearly and pointedly as he could manage. The boy's eyes grew wide with excitement that an older boy had spoken directly to him. "Come on Lily maybe we should just take him home." He said pleading with his eyes. Before he could finish his statement though, something slammed into his stomach and wrapped around his waist. The child was pleading something into his shirt. He couldn't make out what, but he could feel the vibrations of words being yelled into his grubby second hand excuse for clothing. Severus looked like he had been stung as he tried to escape the embrace. Lily was trying to pull her brother off. "Can I stay, can I stay!" The boy begged through a mouthful of t-shirt. "Come on Tyler, get off." "Moss! Release me." Severus growled, unclasping the kid's fingers from behind his back and pushing him toward Lily. She had one of his arms held up in the air and the boy had the disappointed, left-at-home look on his face again. "Want to walk him home with me?" Lily asked as she started walking in the direction of her home. Her smile from earlier had turned into a frown. Severus shrugged and followed, not because he wanted to spend more time with Tyler, but because he didn't want to go home yet. His father would have just gotten back, and would be yelling about dinner for another hour. If he waited long enough the man might fall asleep and then Severus could sneak in without having to hear a word from him that day. He tagged along behind the pair. Tyler was swinging around still being held tight by Lily. He twisted around backward to smile at Severus then ducked and picked up a rock, a twig, poked a bug on the ground. He asked several times if Severus could make a leaf change colors like he had a few weeks before. Severus grumbled that he couldn't but, inevitably, Tyler would ask for him to perform some small act of magic every time he passed another flower, or patch of leaves Severus had just said "no" to giving an ant wings when Tyler finally asked. "Why'd you call me Moss all tha time?" Severus sneered and said, "Because Tyler's a stupid name." Severus understood this was the perfect opportunity for the boy to reply that, "Severus" was a stupid name, but the child didn't take the bait. "Tyler's my name." The boy pointed out instead, as if Severus were talking about some other Tyler. "I know." "Don't say mean things Severus." Lily requested, slowing down and frowning at her friend. Severus sighed, not wanting to make Lily upset by insulting her little brother. "Fine. I call you Moss because your sisters both have plant names and I thought it was strange that you didn't." Severus admitted. This was the true story, Lily knew. They had discussed it after he found out Lily had a younger brother as well as a stiff older sister. "That's because I was a mistake baby." Tyler said brightly, as if this were some type of compliment and not, as Severus knew he himself was, a disaster and a disappointment. Severus made a face. "You can call me Moss though." The boy decided. "I like it." Of course he liked it, thought Severus, the boy likes everything and everyone. He was hopeless. "Severus I need your help, you're all I have left." Severus's legs buckled under him. It had only been a week and a half really. Since Lily had died, only a week and a half. He swallowed a lump in his throat. Stupid kid! Stupid kid. What was he doing here, and why did he have to bring the baby? Outside the knocking had stopped, but in its place was the disturbing sound of a body falling against the door. Tyler Evans didn't sound like he was on a social call. They hadn't spoken since the Christmas before Harry was born. Severus assumed Lily had finally bucked up and told him what he was, either that or one of those boys had slipped it to him. As much as Severus didn't want to admit it, them telling the kid he was a Death Eater was one of the worst tricks they could have played on him. But he wouldn't admit that, not even to himself. He couldn't. Tyler Evans was an idiot, and Severus didn't want him around when he was five, and he surely didn't want him around now. Severus tentatively walked back into the living room. The knocking had ceased, though someone was still on the other side of the door. He could hear the creak of the hinges every few seconds, but Tyler had stopped talking. Severus picked up his sad dinner and took another bite. Time had not helped the flavor. He swallowed back the cold blob and glared at the door. The doorknob rattled, and something slapped the wood, pathetically. Maybe the boy was giving up? Severus stood there for another three painful bites, waiting for the sound