Title : Maraud Summary : "I know about the Order of the Phoenix, and I'm joining." - As Graduation looms closer the Marauders and Lily Evans search for a way to fight the impending darkness looming over the Wizarding world. But while learning to be adults and dealing with loss and love, being welcomed into the world of warriors may be more than they bargained for. Marauder Era Fic Disclaimer : Don't own anything, just enjoy playing with it. A/N There is something unique about turning 22 in the Harry Potter Generation. You have this sudden realization that the "adult have-their-stuff-together marauders" had already told their story by this age. That you've already outlived Lily and James. Point being, why were they adults at this age and I am not? Chapter 1: The Order and A Flash in the Night "I know about the Order of the Phoenix." It was a statement. A quite clear statement issued from the mouth of Lily Evans on her 18th birthday. She wasn't taking "no" for an answer, "and I'm joining." She declared. Dumbledore's piercing blue eyes stared at her, as she knew they would, over half moon spectacles. His long thin fingers steepled in front of his mouth, elbows resting on the table. Lily readjusted her stance to seem taller, more sure of herself. Outside Dumbledore's office snow was falling in large flakes, but inside the air was warm and filled with the glow and crackle of a fire. It was a distractingly calm noise that wrestled under the tension of the situation. The tension sat within the uncertain outcome, for there was no uncertainty in Lily Evan's mind. The last year had been long and tiring for her. Everything had fallen quickly out of control. Her mother had died in April, and she had floated in the turbulent storm of loss for months. The tempest followed her home as she and Petunia tried to visit one another over the summer, but without parents as a buffer there were raging fights and pools of tears. School started again and while her sister fell for a beefy man with a mustache as large as his prejudices Lily found herself falling for a boy with wire-rimmed glasses and a surprisingly warm heart. Her sister's hastily written engagement announcement came on the same day Lily had said yes to James' first true invitation to dinner; the first one that wasn't pompous or on display for his friends, or the school. It was a quiet invitation under the old beech tree by the lake as he slipped her a stolen copy of an underground pamphlet against He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named. They had gone to Madam PuddyFoots a week late, and without school permission. Their second date had been in detention. Her life and plans had felt strangely out of control, but that changed on a dreary Thursday in mid November, during a long study session with the studious Remus Lupin. The once again sickly looking boy mumbled offhandedly a rumor, just that, a rumor, that there was an organization out there fighting He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named. "That's all I know" He had said with a shrug. "I don't even know if it's real." But Lily had wheedled one last thing out of him; That they might be called "The Order of the Phoenix." Something clicked in Lily's brain in that moment. Everything slid back in line. Suddenly Lily felt her life fall back into place, a mission, a plan. She poured over books and newspapers, and she was embarrassed to admit it, but she used some of James's abundant sneaking knowledge to learn everything she needed to know about this Order. And now she was here. On her 18th birthday, ready to kick open the door to a new year. Ready to commit to the Order, so long as Dumbledore allowed it. Nothing in her life since her acceptance letter to Hogwarts had felt as right as this moment. Across the room from her, behind an ornate desk, Headmaster Dumbledore's stare changed to a questioning gaze. "We don't allow school-aged students to join the Order, Miss Evans." Dumbledore explained calmly. Lily had expected this, but it didn't stop the floating feeling that unsteadied her as the wrinkle was tossed into her plan. She quickly covered her frustration, "I won't be in school long, sir." She breathed, "and it's my 18th birthday, I'm over a year older than legal. I want to join." Dumbledore's expression didn't change. "Does the young Mr. Potter, who you have so recently begun spending time with, also know about the Order and have similar ambitions?" He asked calmly. Lily fidgeted and wrung her hands together behind her back. James Potter knew nothing about the Order. She hadn't told him because she knew exactly what he would do. She wanted to check it out first, learn more about the Order and then bring everyone else in, once she knew it was safe. The others could join once she knew it really was fighting for the right side, for the right reasons, with the right means. But did Dumbledore expect her to tell them, get them on board right from the start? The boys were hell-bent on fighting You-Know-Who, but they were still troublemakers. Once they graduated they would be assets. She knew that. But not before then. "No." She answered, testing out the waters to see what the Headmaster expected of her. He raised a quizzical eyebrow. "No?" Should she tell him that she didn't think James would pass his NEWTs if he was distracted by fighting? Should she tell him she wanted James to practice quidditch, to fight Slytherin for the house cup this year more than she wanted him to fight Death Eaters? That it was hard enough to get him to show up for Head Boy duties without official Order spying missions to go on? Surely she shouldn't say she didn't trust the Order yet? "I thought you would tell him eventually." She tried. Dumbledore only nodded quietly, knowingly, like he always did. As if he were planning something beyond the scope of her understanding. "Perhaps that is better. They are an enthusiastic bunch." He said giving her a meaningful look. Lily nodded her agreement to the unspoken request. She shouldn't tell the others. "You are 18 today then Miss Evans?" He asked. She nodded. January 30th. As of today she was a year over the legal age and certainly old enough to be making this decision. Honestly she didn't know why she had waited this long. She had learned about the Order at the beginning of the month, but there was something about this date, her birthday that gave her the strength to face Dumbledore; made her ready to fight. The two individuals waited in silence, each contemplating their choices. Lily felt exposed in the quiet space with only the sound of Fawkes and the tinkling of glass instruments surrounding her. She felt like Dumbledore was reading her past, her present and her future, then weighing it. Eventually he nodded slowly and, she was nervous to believe it, was nodding approvingly. "Then might I wish you a happy birthday?" He said wistfully. Lily returned a small smile, but was annoyed that he hadn't given her a straight answer. Her voice almost betrayed it when she said, "Thank you, sir." Dumbledore's smile turned serious again. "Can you cast a patronus?" The question caught her off-guard. The patronus spell was one they didn't exactly learn in school. A seventh-year spell if they did. Remus could cast one, she thought, but that was from his own studying. She hadn't ever tried. "Um?" "Learn and then come back." Dumbledore stated. Lily stuttered at the old man. "Patronus?" She asked for clarification, not knowing what the spell had to do with fighting Death Eaters. He nodded. "Yes, just that one spell. Then come back to my office to show me the results." She took a risk and asked. "But does that mean I'm in the Order?" Dumbledore pondered her as if looking for the answer in her green eyes, or her brilliant red hair. "It means I have set you a mission that will benefit the greater good of the Order, and you should carry out that mission." He replied cryptically. Lily processed this. "Mission." That was as close to a yes as she could hope to get, she supposed. "You should get back to studying for your NEWTs Miss Evans I hear great things about you, and I wouldn't want your grades to suffer because you've been chatting to me." He added with a smile before reaching across his desk for a well-worn knitting magazine. Lily stared for a moment then regained her composure. She thought about pressing for a more certain answer, but knew she would get none. Instead she turned to leave. As her hand rested on the brass doorknob Dumbledore added one more thing. "I do think you'll make a swell addition. Do make sure to read up on you concealment charms?" And as Lily slowly pulled the door open to the descending staircase a smile spread across her face. She was in. The hallways, though not pitch black, were hard to navigate while running full speed, and Sirius careened into a third suit of armor with a deafening crash before finally deciding to take a stand. He wasn't afraid of the tall fuming figures hurdling after him, it was just that, he was, at the moment, sorely outnumbered. Five to one were far from good odds, and he was carrying a bag loaded with somewhat contraband party goods. Nonetheless he skidded to a stop and turned to the figures that had just begun creeping around the corner. "Mulciber." Sirius smirked raising his wand before his face and trying very hard to stare down the group's leader. The Slytherin seventh-year had a puff of almost curly brown hair that he had never quite managed to comb over, atop an angular face and powerful body. His cronies fanned out behind him sneering and trying their best to look intimidating. Sirius saw Snape among them, but thankfully no Regulus. "Oh and Snivellus too, exciting. How are you doing? The hair color change potion in your breakfast not too upsetting for you I hope." Snape glared daggers at him. "Honestly I'm surprised it worked through the layers of grease." Snape's nostrils flared but he didn't make a move to fight. Instead Mulciber raised his wand, always one to fight to prove his own ability, or protect his cronies. Sirius stepped into a dueling stance, a piece of armor clattering away at his movement. "Black." His adversary sneered, pointing his dark wand at Sirius's chest. The Gryffindor didn't move, or flinch, but continued to stare cheekily at the severe face of the other. Sirius knew he was in over his head when he had shot a plumage spell around the corner to a gathered group of Slytherins on his way back from the kitchen, but he didn't think they would chase him this far. He was amused when one of Mulciber's cronies spat out another mouthful of red and gold feathers. Mulciber looked over his shoulder at his coughing companion then back at Sirius, a new determination set on his face. " Alarte Ascendare " Mulciber shot. Sirius didn't bother with a shielding spell. He leaned lightly to the side and let the spell crash into the wall behind him sending sparks into the air. A terrified Duke in a portrait squealed and dove into a neighboring painting. Next to Mulciber someone shot another spell. " Calvario ". Sirius angrily deflected this new attack, sending the spell into the ground before raising his wand at the fifth year who had sent it, and in the same tone his mother used when scolding him yelled, "Hey! None of that, you know the rules, no hair loss charms!" Sirius slipped the heavy bag off his shoulder, the bottles and bars of chocolate landing