Hello new readers. So this is, technically, a sequel to "Maurad" a multi-chapter fic covering the time from Lily's 18 birthday to her 19th, though not necessarily about Lily in between. I'm not certain there is much to say to catch you up (It's the first wizarding war, you know how that went) but I thought I might let you know a few important pieces of information for this particular world, if you wish to read this without backtracking. Spoilers, I guess, if you're planning on reading "Maraud" 1) Characters- You'll recognize most of the names, but here are some OC's Melinda Bones is married to Edgar Bones. They have three children. Melinda is a healer and one of the few people in the Order who know about Remus's Furry-Little-Problem. She is uncomfortable about it. Peter's Parents- His mother is teetering on the brink of dementia. He just found out that the man who raised him (and died when he was around 10) wasn't his biological father. You'll catch on about the rest. (I hope?) 2) Villains and plot synopsis of "Maraud". Crier- A death eater. Context: At the end of "Maraud" the Marauders are involved in a battle at Azkaban that ended with Voldemort and fellow Death Eaters being able to break Crier out. He is apparently a key figure in the Death Eater's future plans. I think that's about it. Message me with questions. Hope you enjoy. And to all my continuing readers, welcome back! Thanks for reading. "We are not letting Sirius pick the wedding music!" Lily argued, briefly poking her head out over the short brick wall that separated the house they were guarding from the Death Eaters who wanted to burn it to the ground- muggle family crouched inside and all. "I'm just saying he's good with music. He picks the music for all of our birthday parties." James ducked a stinging curse, "WHERE THE HELL IS ELPHIAS!" He added from the ground, panting. Elphias, and an auror in charge of relocation were the muggle family's exit strategy. James and Lily were just there to hold off the Death Eater onslaught until they could get them out and to safety. "He said midnight, I double-checked with him... Count of three?" "Yes." Together they yelled, "One, two, three." before popping over the hedge and sending a barrage of spells back at their adversaries. James took a moment to strengthen their wards before dropping back behind the safety of the bricks, "So what about getting Remus to come up with a spell to make the player go on its own?" James suggested. "Remus is swamped and he's looked like death since he got back, I'm not making him do that." "Then let me, let Sirius help!" Sparks flew over their heads. Too many sparks flew over their heads. In a flurry of light and sound their boundary had finally fallen. James cursed as Lily blocked a spell that was burning a hole through their protective brick wall. James sprung up to return fire just as the crack of an apparition spell sounded behind the house. "Elphias?" James wondered as Lily turned to counteract whatever spell the Death Eaters had used to break through their boundary. James crawled away from her to glance around the edge of the house, where he supposed the other Order member would have arrived. James saw a whisp of a cloak before he saw Elpihas and Harrington come out from the small woods behind the home. Elphias had set up an anti-apparition ward to protect the house and as far as James knew he was the only one who would be able to apparate through it. James looked over his shoulder. His and Lily's ward may have dropped but the Death Eaters still hadn't crossed Elphias's barrier. Thought the window James saw the lights in the house suddenly flickered on, then off, then on for four seconds then off again. "House Lily." James called over the sound of spells. He reached out for her hand in the dark and together they darted toward the front door, staying low and throwing spell after spell over their shoulders. James's hands were steady and practiced as he unlocked the front door. They burst through to the sight of a small family of four huddled nervously on the living room floor. Elphias hovered before them, but turned immediately at the sound of Lily and James's entrance. His wand shot up threateningly, "What did I bring to your first Order meeting?" he demanded of them both. "Cheap champagne." James replied with an air of calm. "Lily?" Elphias prompted pointing his wand evenly at her now. "A card for everyone to sign for Evana Wagner. What were your first words to me?" Lily's fingers twisted at her wand, even though it was down at her side. Elphias smiled warmly and lowered his wand. "How do you feel about the color green?" "He safe?" James asked, nodding toward a man in maroon robes scanning the edge of the living room. "This is Harrington from the Auror department. He is who he says he is." Elphias nodded. Lily and James relaxed at Elphias's reassurance, but the group's relief didn't last long. Elphias was back to the task at hand almost immediately, "The wards are breaking up, we only have a few minutes." Just as he spoke a string of sparks crashed against the window. Lily dove toward the family and put her body between them and the cracking window. The panicked parents were holding their children under them, hoping against hope that nothing would happen to them. When Lily looked up the she saw cracks like a spider's web crawling out to the window frame. "The next step is the Longbottom's woods." Elphias explained. He pulled the two young children and Lily to their feet. He scooped up the younger of the two and placed her in Lily's arms then shuffled the other over to Harrington. She had only met Harrington once before but at that time he had seemed like a jovial man. His lightheartedness must have been dampened by the seriousness of the mission. Elphias reached out for the mother's hand while James held tight to the father's shoulders. Unlike James, Lily was still relatively new to side-along apparition, but she could do this. She didn't have a choice. "When I say 'go', the shields will drop, and we'll apparate right after." Elphias explained as another rash of sparks hit the front window sending shards of class into the air. The mother screamed and her children reached desperately for her. Harrington and Lily struggled against their charges as Elphias prepared to drop the anti-apparition wards inside the house. Glass shook from his robe as he waved his wand in a series of meticulous turns, still holding the mother tightly against him. A second later he yelled, "go" over the sounds of screaming, crying and the sudden cracking of wooden beams. They dissaparated as the ceiling crashed down. Then there was sudden silence. The woods were deafeningly quiet, it took several breaths before the ringing in Lily's ears stopped, before she could detect the soft rustle of the forest. She waited for more familiar forest sounds but the birds must have been asleep and the furry creatures who would normally be moving around had scattered at the sound of apparation. The silent forest was eerie in the chilly march air. "Follow." Elphias whispered, beginning his walk down a barely marked path toward the home of Alice and Frank Longbottom. A hand reached out and the small child clinging to her neck was softly lifted away and into the arms of her mother. Lily couldn't look into the woman's eyes, there was enough fear there to shake the Earth from under her feet. James shuffled the father around himself and Lily so the family was marching between Elphias and Harrington in the front and Lily and James at the back. All four wizards kept their wands at the ready. Twigs and branches cracked under their feet and Lily watched the children cry nervously at the sounds as they hugged tightly to their parents. The path was winding and long. Briers pricked at their robes, and logs tripped them up, but within an hour they found themselves in clearing near an old, neatly painted farmhouse. James's heart pounded nervously as they walked across the open grass to the building. It had always been like this. To him, forests, especially the Forbidden Forest, were cover, as were the tunnels of Hogwarts, but the grass between the Forest and the castle always made him nervous. Open spaces were the places where they could be caught, those were the places where they could be found out. He breathed in and slipped a hand into Lily's just to make certain she wouldn't leave him. She gently squeezed back as they all darted to the Longbottom's back door. Alice Longbottom, her chestnut hair long and unbrushed, was at the door to greet them, a stern look on her face, "Dumbledore has authorized a portkey for fifteen minutes from now, that should scramble them off the trail." Alice ushered them hurriedly over the threshold and they fumbled into the warm house. "Where to?" Elphias asked off the cuff, but Alice meerly shook her head, letting them know that not knowing would be the safest measure in this instance. Instead they quickly went through the ritual of checking to make sure everyone was who they said they were. When they were done Elphias steered the family into the cozy living room and Alice mumbled to James and Lily, "Frank's out, auror shift tonight." as they followed behind. The family huddled by the Longbottom's couch, staring wide-eyed at the family photos around the room where parents, aunts, and cousins chatted and moved freely from frame to frame. "What should we tell them?" James wondered aloud. "We should disclose everything." Lily sighed. Alice crossed her arms trying to close in some warmth, "war time or not, the Statute of Secrecy stands." She reminded. If her auror training taught her nothing else, it was that. "No one will know but us." Lily countered, but Alice only shrugged. "Their house was attacked by a dozen wizards." James reminded. "At this point they know about us. Who's going to fault us for contextualizing?" "Richard Rochester for starters." Alice ground out, referencing the head of the Auror department, but her eyes said she agreed with them. "You should do it Lily, you've got some experience with non-magic folk." Alice jerked her head in the family's direction and Lily followed the movement with her eyes. It would be a hard thing to explain, the world being torn apart and not having any say in it. Lily stuffed her cold hands into her pockets and walked over to the coffee table. "You all should sit for a moment" she said kindly. She cleared a few old Daily Profits from the coffee table as the family settled themselves onto the paisley cushions. She dropped herself onto the coffee table and waited for words to come to her. She wondered if she should reach out to touch the family's knees to comfort them, or stay back. They remained shivering and unsure and she stayed put. "I know this is scary." Lily began quietly. "And I know it's confusing." She tried to dredge up memories of her life before knowing about magic. It was too long ago, long before she had met Severus, gone to Hogwarts, or joined the Order of the Phoenix, but it was there. Should she rip off the bandaid or explain magic gently? She remembered a flower petal opening and closing and slowly an idea came to her. She reached to her side, to the discarded Daily Profits and tore the cover off one, Avery's smiling face leered at her under the headline "Avery acquitted of Death Eater Charges: is set free." She sighed and held