Not worthy of your love Prompts in Panem: Seven Deadly Sins week - Pride Disclaimer: All publicly recognizable characters, settings, etc., are the property of their respective owners. The author is in no way associated with the owners, creators, or producers of any previously copyrighted material. No copyright infringement is intended. Not worthy of your love. Those were the words I kept repeating inside my head. No one is worthier than Finnick Odair. He was a Victor, the youngest one to win the Hunger Games, since its inception. It was an honor to be chosen to be as one of his "potential" girls. My goal had been to be the Girl, for the rest of his life. His bronze hair, and sea-foam eyes were just perfect. Along with his built physique, with defined abs, and no spot of misplaced hair anywhere. Finnick Odair was Panem's every girl's dream man. For he was a man now, not some stumbling idiot teenager boy, with no manners or charisma to boast about! I tried to hide my infatuation, only my sister and my best friend Madge knew. This was my once-in-a-lifetime opportunity. The Victors were going to visit all the districts, and Finnick was scheduled to take part in our annual dance. I wasn't to keen on being on TV, for all of Panem to see, but I had to suck it up and face my fears, for this would get me within walking distance to him… All of the boys were beyond annoyed, as girls swooned over posters of the event. Gale Hawthorne was the most vocal, saying he would boycott the event by rallying up all the male population in secret for a counterattack design to prove the Capitol had nothing but lies behind all the glamour and spectacle. I simply rolled my eyes when he came to me in the woods, as we gathered our traps and our game. "Come on, Catnip! I was so sure you of all people would be with me on this. I mean it is all a hoax, smoke and mirrors, for people to forget what the Hunger Games really are. Are you saying you have forgotten what happened in last year's Games? Did you forget that girl being torn apart in front of our very eyes? What if she had been Prim, Katniss? WHAT THEN? WOULD YOU CARE THEN?" I punched in his arm and hushed him. His labored breathing could still be heard, and the snapping of twigs and flapping of wings, as animals fled the vicinity. Fucking Gale. "Nice going there, Gale. I get what you're trying to say, but going against the Capitol over a silly dance is just asking for it. More than one person would surely die for such an uproar. Think on that, before you impulsively act out 'cause of your own failings. You are just jealous. Admit it, Gale. It burns you that every single girl you've taken to the slag heap is dreaming of a night dancing with Finnick Odair…" Gale frowned down at me, but then his face changed into a cocky smirk. "So… does that mean you are looking forward to a night with the grinning idiot? CATNIP! OMG!" His try at fangirling just made us both laugh. It was simply too ridiculous to imagine, Katniss Everdeen swooning at Odair's feet. If only he knew… ¸¸.•*´¨`*•.¸¸.•*´¨`*•.¸¸.•*´¨`*•.¸¸.• "KATNISS! KATNISS! Look! You have to see this! It is the official announcement of the coming events in the remaining districts… I think Finnick is gonna be there!" My mother shook her head, and kept knitting in the ratty old sofa in our living room. I tried to keep my smile from my face, as I sat beside Prim. She kept bouncing beside, full of excitement. I wasn't going to be the one reminding her she was too young to participate in the dance. Caesar Flickerman came on stage, all smiles and waving to his devoted fans. "Ladies and Gentlemen! I'm proud to announce the following dates for the Victors' Tour around our beloved Panem. And here to help me with the task is our most coveted victor in decades… Finnick Odair!" Prim jumped up and ran for the TV screen, as if she could touch him through it. My mom reprimanded her, and told her to sit back down. Prim looked at me, and I hugged her close to me. In her ear, I whispered, "Don't fret little Duck, you will get to see him once he's here. Who knows you might get his autograph…" "Oh you think so? Really, Kat? I would die… every girl in my class would be totally jealous. You think you can get me close to him? He's so… beautiful." Beautiful. Yes, he was the most beautiful man I had ever seen. And he would be mine. ¸¸.•*´¨`*•.¸¸.•*´¨`*•.¸¸.•*´¨`*•.¸¸.• Madge kept looking round and round. Every angle, every aspect of my dress was under her scrutiny. I knew it wasn't the best or most expensive fabric, but there was so much I could make do with my trading in the Hob. Even dear old Greasy Sae had helped me with choosing the right material from what was in stock. It was the biggest surprise to my mother, when I asked her to make a dress for me. Her eyes stared right into mine, widened in shock. It was completely out of character of me to ask for a dress. The fabric was a light blue, with a some lace detail. She touched it, and then smiled at me. "You have finally grown up, Katniss. You are no longer my little tomboy. Your father would have been scared shitless… I'll do my best." And here I stood, inside the mayor's daughter's room, looking at myself in the mirror. Madge wanted to do my hair and make-up, and we would walk to the town square together, right to where the dance would be held. "Well? Does it look all right? Say something, Madge!" "I think your mother is a miracle worker, with what she had to work with. You look stunning, Kat. I think you should let your hair down… and I might tackle your face. Delly is coming over too, once she's done getting ready herself. She said Rye, Peeta's brother was joining Gale in their dance strike. She was furious with him… I think there's love there, right under the surface. I think Peeta is going to the dance… he might get himself beaten up, if they catch him." I was smoothing down my skirt, as she kept rambling on about things I didn't care. "You know Kat… I think Peeta Mellark has a crush on you. I mean, he is always staring from afar… he's in all your classes. When you leave school, there he is looking straight out you. And I'm pretty sure he's girlfriend dumped him… What's her name? She's a bitch and so wrong for him. So good for him, you know? I think he would be perfect for you, Kat. I mean, he's so sweet and caring. You need someone like that in your life, to mellow you out. You can't lead your life thinking, all men are like Gale Hawthorne." I glared at Madge. "Don't be a hypocrite, Madge. You know that if Gale gave you the time of day, a smirk and a wink, you would so go to the slag heap with him. I've never harbored such feelings for him. I mean, that's just disgusting. He's like my older brother, who's lived right next door, all my life." Her tongue poked out at me, and she continued brushing my hair, as if nothing was wrong with the world. Once she had completed, I wanted to punch her in the face, with all the hair pulling and plucking. She might as well join the Peacekeepers, with her torturing skills. "Done! Look at yourself, Katniss! You are going to be the best looking girl, next to me, of course!" My eyes stood out most of all, as she had enhanced them with the black liner. My lips looked soft, in a pink hue. What I was lacking was jewelry. I sighed in disappointment. Somehow, Madge read my expression, and rummaged in her drawers. "Here! This will go perfectly with your dress. Go on! Put in on, Kat." "Just borrowing it, Madge. It is your mother's." She simply shrugged. "She doesn't need it anymore. All she needs are painkillers, that simply prolong her life. Your mother is so good to her. I'm sure my father has his next wife picked out already. But tonight is a happy occasion and we are not going to spend it talking about depressing stuff. Where the hell is Delly? She should be here by now… Let's go, I'm sure we'll meet with her on the way." ¸¸.•*´¨`*•.¸¸.•*´¨`*•.¸¸.•*´¨`*•.¸¸.• Town square was replete with every girl in the District 12, it didn't matter if you were merchant or from the Seam, everyone had come to see the dance… and Finnick Odair. It was clear some parents had decided to chaperone the dance, and were standing in the sidelines. I could see that the Peacekeepers were also in attendance, with Cray and Darius, drinking and eating from the refreshments table. Unfortunately, Cray's wandering eye made me out of the crowd, and gave me his slimy toothy smile. It made my skin crawl. Delly was nowhere in sight. And so where Gale and Rye Mellark. Hopefully those two were drunk somewhere faraway from here. Some couples of our class were already dancing, as well as the fifteen year olds were watching with envy. They made me think of Prim, back at home, probably stumping around, driving my mother crazy. One day, she would get her heart's wishes, but tonight… tonight it was my night. Madge started talking to some of her friends, so I let her be. Standing on the side of the dance-floor, I kept looking beyond, hoping to see a glimpse of his bronze head, his blinding white teeth, and those green eyes of his. Nothing. Effie Trinket's wig was all over the place tonight. She was standing beside, a not yet fully drunk, Haymitch Abernathy. Her eyes were all for him, as he averted his gaze elsewhere. It was clear to everyone else around them, that this weird creature of a woman had the hots for the drunkard. Inexplicably. Maybe Capitol men were not to her liking. Who knows. As I gazed back where I had left Madge, she wasn't there anymore. She wasn't dancing either. Who I did see dancing was Bristel, my nemesis. For some unknown reason, she had hated me since primary school, but as we got older her insult grew in intensity. She wasn't dancing with Peeta, so I guess what Madge had said was true. The rest of her words, I wasn't going to think about, for Peeta wasn't who I wanted. He was just a baker's son, the third son, destined to work for his brother, living off his charity. Mr. Mellark was a good man, as I had traded with him in the past. He liked my squirrels. His wife… she was just as well-mannered as Bristel. I couldn't really say a bad word about Peeta. And, yes I had to admit he was handsome, with his azure orbs and corn silk hair… Shit. Stupid Madge. I'm getting just as bad, as Prim. Deciding on drinking something to pass the time, as I was about to turn something, or more precisely someone blocked my way. I was about to scream my head off, for I was sure it had to be Gale, with his stupid strike. But it wasn't. And it was no Finnick Odair either. "K-Katnisss… Hi." Someone, who otherwise is known for his eloquence was practically standing in front of me, tongue-tied. "Hey… Hi, Peeta. How are you? I was just-" "Wouldyouliketodance?" What? "Sorry…What did you say?" His visage got all red, and his