Disclaimer: All publicly recognizable characters, settings, etc., are the property of their respective owners. The author is in no way associated with the owners, creators, or producers of any previously copyrighted material. No copyright infringement is intended. Author's Note: This story was previously posted a few years ago… left unfinished, but in light of the resurrection of The Handmaid's Tale as a series on Hulu, I've decided to resurrect my own inspired version set in the Hunger Games Alternative Universe. Both stories are dystopian societies that point out the worst in humanity. Some modifications will be made, but hopefully this time around I'll be able to finish it. Happy Birthday tlcullen132 ! This is for you :D PART I S-T-A-T-U-S-Q-U-O The Blessed Day had arrived. There was no more delaying the inevitable. The Law was clear. They had a duty to their country, to produce a child after three years of union. A woman was chosen from the Hob, to bear a child. Noncompliance would end in their arrest and possible death. Finnick checked his face and hair once again in the mirror. There was no evidence of their afternoon delight. Peeta wasn't too happy with him and his most inopportune interruption, but it had to be said. They had to comply and uphold the Law. After all, he was ready to hold in his arms, a blue-eyed, blonde baby boy, a carbon copy of his Peeta. Peeta wanted Finnick to have first try, since their baby would be everyone's envy. In the end, Finnick won Peeta over with his persuasive touches. An untouched female would be selected to ensure freshness, a beautiful vessel, to complement his Peeta's looks. S-T-A-T-U-S-Q-U-O The Capitol's Hob was jammed packed with couples searching for the perfect vessel to produce their offspring. "We have an appointment with the Hob's headmistress, Effie Trinket. She'll show us the prime specimens available. This way we won't have to spend all day, fighting with other couples to get what we want." "I want to eat at our favorite restaurant after this. I'm still hungry. This better be a swift process, Finn." Finnick slapped Peeta's ass, and tsked in disapproval. "Patience, my Peeta. All good things comes to those who wait. Who knows, you might like making our child, and we keep our donor." Peeta was revolted at the thought of keeping a woman around, much less taking daily pleasure with her body. It was enough knowing he would have to impregnate said woman, for the sake of Finn and to abide the Law. "Don't push me, Finn. One step at a time." Finn guffawed at his disgusted expression." "If you can't get it up, I'll be there to get you good and hard. It is part of the process, you'll see…" Someone had cleared their throat and interrupted Finn's seductive monologue. "Mr. Odair?" Finnick winked and proceeded to kiss the woman's hand. Peeta grimaced as he looked closely at her extravagant costume and make-up. "Madame Trinket, how nice to finally meet you in person. This is my Peeta. Peeta, this is Madame Trinket. She'll be showing us around." Peeta felt like running away, but decided a simple nod would suffice at the moment. "My, my, my… you do have great taste Mr. Odair. I'm sure you'll know what you want as soon as you see it. Follow me." "Please call me Finn." Finnick saw fit to continue his flirtatious manner with the pompous woman as they walked through an empty corridor. Peeta rolled his eyes at his antics. "As I recall, you wanted a virgin. We can attest to the fertility of the women. We have them examined thoroughly. No barren specimens are allowed here." Peeta suddenly wondered what happened to the women that were deemed infertile. What was their purpose then? "Yes, I want the best you've got." At last, they had arrived at a door. Madame Trinket used a keypad to gain access to the room. As they entered a glass wall separated them from a group of young women. "As you can see, we have plenty of diversity. Anything you like in particular, Mr. Odair?" Finnick got closer to the dividing glass, his eyes entranced on the women. Instead, Peeta felt claustrophobic inside the walls of the Hob. He wanted to leave immediately. It didn't feel right to stand there and choose a donor as if they were items for sale at the Flickerman's Emporium. Something caught his eye, a slight movement behind the glass. His eyes followed it, a pair of hands kept fidgeting and touching the ends of a braid. Hands that looked worn and blistered. These were the hands of someone who had worked hard all her life. As his gaze looked closely, gray eyes glared back. Peeta stopped in his tracks, paralyzed. "C-can they see us?" Madame Trinket kept checking her nails, with a disinterested demeanor. At the interruption, she looked at Peeta briefly and turned back to her inspection. "No, Mr. Mellark, they can't see inside this room. Have you seen something you like?" Something , not someone. "Yes, we have. I want the one with the braid and the lovely gray eyes, Madame Trinket." Peeta shuddered, at Finnick's choice. He had chosen her? Had he been watching his reaction to the girl? She was too young. Why was she here? Peeta tried taking deep breaths, in hopes of not exacerbating the delicate situation they were facing. Finnick was so in tuned with him, that his hand found his, assuring him everything would be all right. "Are you sure, Mr. Odair? This is the moment for you to browse with care. After you sign the papers, there will be no return for a mandatory waiting period, until she delivers, of course." Finnick squeezed Peeta's hand, and somehow he found the strength to squeeze in return. "We want her. She will bear our first son." Madame Trinket nodded, appeased. She touched her ear and talked to someone, giving instructions. "If you have a daughter, we'll receive her here if she's found worthy. She'll do her duty, as all women are proud to do for the good of Panem. Please, wait outside. I'll be with you shortly. You may have some refreshments, as your specimen is readied for your pleasure." They obliged and walked out of the confining room. Finnick looked relaxed, while Peeta paced. "What's got you all riled up? No one is taking her from us. She belongs to us now. Don't fret, Peet. She's a dark beauty, isn't she? I knew the moment my eyes laid upon her that she was the one. As I was about to say something to you, I noticed you were staring right at her, which confirmed it for me. Who knows she might stay with us for a long while…" Peeta sneered at no one. Had Finnick lost his sense? What if he fathered a girl? What then? She'd be shipped off to this godforsaken place to be prodded and studied, then if she was found satisfactory she would be auctioned to the highest bidder to be his breeding vessel. Was he the only one that found this…inhuman? His own flesh and blood cast out, to be a slave…he'd better father a boy. "What if it's a girl? Finn, I c-can't-" Finnick pushed Peeta against the wall, his mouth bruising his lips. His eyes had closed, but slowly he opened them. His moss colored eyes spoke of warning. Brushing his lips against Peeta's, he whispered, "Burry your words deep within you. Never speak of this again, much less here where I can't protect you. Eyes are always watching." He pushed back, as a young waif of a girl interrupted them. She blushed at finding them in such heated embrace, unknowing of whispered admonition. "Madame Trinket will be bringing your… selection, sirs. Would you like something to drink as you wait?" Finnick turned back to Peeta, trying to reassure him things were fine. They were doing the right thing, what was expected of them. There was no reason to fear what the future would bring. Without his eyes leaving Peeta, he commanded, "Bring me the best champagne, we need to celebrate this day. Now leave us, for I have to please my Peeta… you're welcome to watch if you like…or not…" The girl disappeared from their presence, as if scared of being caught looking at them. Finnick grinned and chuckled in response, while Peeta pitied the girl. "You should control yourself, Finn. And don't get any ideas. Surely, it can hold up until we get home." "Already imagining what it will be like from now on? The three of us in our bed, as you make our child inside her womb, my Peeta? For I am thinking just that…" Finnick's hand grazed Peeta's cheek, moving to cradle his chin. As he was leaning to kiss his lover, Madame Trinket strode in, hauling behind her a protesting body. Barely clothed, they could see her heaving breasts and down to the nest of hair that covered her sex. Peeta wondered if it was to entice them, for he felt his body respond to her near nakedness. A probe was given by the servant girl, now cowering in their presence, to her mistress. With a flick of her wrist she struck the rebelling girl forcing her to her knees. "Show respect you insolent wretch. These are your masters now. You must obey them. Always. Serve them right, make me proud to have taken you in, clothed you and fed you. Remember, to serve them, is to serve the Republic of Panem. Your children will be the future men of esteem and honor. Now stand up, let them look at you up close. Don't make them change their minds. And YOU serve them their drinks! I'm surrounded by incompetent worms." The horrid woman kept ranting without stopping, but in a lower voice, as if talking to herself. Peeta had an inkling that the woman was completely mad. Why wouldn't she be? If she was no longer a fruitful vessel, her purpose was now being "mother" of these females and handing off to be reproductive slaves for the Capitol's high echelon. Finnick didn't waste anytime testing his new acquired property. Her hair was dark, like the night sky, but felt like soft freshly picked cotton on his hands. Her stare was directed at the floor, as if it would give her the answers she was looking for. He wanted to see the gray in them, almost like tainted diamonds. "Straighten your head, look at me." With reluctance she complied, her eyes brimming with unshed tears. Hate radiated from within, but it didn't matter. She would serve her purpose, that he knew. Her cheeks reddened with embarrassment, he thought. Her breathing was labored, and he couldn't stop himself for staring at her stiff nipples showing through the tissue like shift she was wearing. "Peeta, come here. I want you to touch her." Peeta came forward, wishing this would end. Finnick took the proffered drink and took a sip. His face showed his disapproval, but took another sip. Peeta approached the trembling girl with apprehension. He had never been this close to a woman before, much less seen what made them different from men. "Don't be shy. She won't stop you. She can't stop you." He didn't want to, but he felt compelled to touch her skin. His hand landed on her neck, where her blood pulsed frantically. She was scared…she feared them; what they would do to her. Peeta wanted to reassure her, but it was pointless. Someday, sooner than he wanted, it would happen, and neither of them were free to stop it. A huff and cough from Madame Trinket reminded them that the dreadful woman was still with them. "Are you pleased then, Mr. Odair? I have other appointments waiting…if she is acceptable I would like to continue with my day, if you don't mind. Don't forget to pass