Hello! This is the re-write to With Love Comes Sacrifice and I must admit, I prefer this one ten-fold to what I preferred the original. There have been a few plot changes but minus that, it's all pretty much the same. I hope you like the re-write as much as you all liked the original! Chapter One (RPOV) I was sitting in the kitchen watching Esme cook that and me something to eat before school. It smelt absolutely amazing, but everybody in the household knew I preferred blood. It wasn't my fault it tasted better. Nana Esme placed down our breakfast which was fried eggs with omelettes and some sort of French baguette thing, and left the room to give us a little privacy to eat. She'd probably be in the sitting room with everyone else, listening in on this dreadful conversation that I wanted to avoid more than anything right now. I scoffed down my breakfast, burning my throat in the process, and avoided eye contact for at least five seconds. We finally made eye contact as I finished the last of my omelette and started on my baguette, which I was trying desperately not to choke on. I failed miserably when our eyes met. The mouthful of baguette ended up back on my plate, causing me to put down the last half of it in disgust. Once I was finished near choking to death I glanced back over at Jacob and burst into a half awkward half hysterical laughter. Jacob joined me in the awkward kind of things, but not the hysterical. I was freaking out at the feel of choking which I tended to do often when I was rushing, considering I apparently took after my mother in the uncoordinated side of things. After the laughter subsided we sat there awkwardly in silence for a few minutes before I finally broke it with my ingenious way with words. "So.." Like I said, ingenious. Jacob nodded his head slowly and made a funny popping sound with his lips. Oh for Pete's sake, do I have to do everything ? "Seriously? You're just going to sit in my house and nod like a bloody dog? You are absolutely useless." I threw my arms up in the air in irritation before standing out of my chair and barging past Jacob quickly. Well, I tried to, except his hand flashed out and grabbed at my arm. I flinched away from him, not wanting him to get too close to me. "Don't touch me." I took a side step further away from him before continuing my path towards the sitting room where, unfortunately, my bag was waiting for me. "Ness, wait. We need to talk. We can't keep avoiding this forever." I sighed and turned slowly to face him. It was time to face the music. "I know that, Jacob, but avoiding it seems to be the easiest way to go by it." Jacob nodded his head and opened his mouth to speak, but I wasn't finished. "Look, I'm not happy with the way you treated me last Friday. I get it was Seth's birthday, but the way you acted was bang out of order and was completely unnecessary. I was completely embarrassed around my friends from school, and I felt violated after what you tried to do. I'm not going to try and hide it from my family either, so I suppose eventually you'll have to hear around ten separate lectures, except you brought that one on yourself. I just, right now, I don't want anything to do with you, and I'd really love it if you just avoided the house until I'm ready to speak to you again, because this, just being alone with you, makes me feel vulnerable and unsafe, and I won't apologize for being honest." I let out a deep breath as I got everything I needed to say out. I had to keep it PG-13 because I was at home, but if I were in the forest or elsewhere, where my family were nowhere to be seen, the string of profanities coming out of my mouth would be unbelievable considering I was only fifteen years of age, and yet I was a fully grown half-breed, but my family still treated me like a kid. I suppose technically I am, but I was fully matured at eight years old. It's completely unfair how they molly-coddle me. It angers me a lot, and recently I've been tempted to run away just to have a sense of freedom, although I could never see myself actually doing that. I mean, I'm Renesmee Carlie, not some human kid that's a little peeved at their parents. I looked at Jacob to see he had said something. "I'm sorry, what?" Jacob began to smile, but the look on my face stopped him. "I said, I am really sorry for everything that happened Ness. I took things the wrong way, but I won't be staying away. I need to keep you safe, you know that. We never know when the red eyes might return." I ignored his joke and just rolled my eyes with a whatever before walking out of the room. I froze at the sight before my eyes though. In the sitting room were four guests I hadn't ever expected to see ever again. I didn't particularly want to see them either. I glanced towards Uncle Emmett who was glaring over at the tallest man on the couch. I could see a few similarities between them, not many, but still there were some. Like their height for instance. Emmett had a lot more muscle than this guy though. My gaze shifted from Em to Dad who looked even more solemn than usual. This was not good news. I recognized three of the four figures on the couch, but I couldn't remember exactly when or where I had seen them last. I hated my half-breed memory, it was ten times better than a humans yet not as strong as a vampires, considering they actually can't forget a thing. I glanced cautiously towards my mother whose gaze was switching between everyone in the room, including the four on the sofa. Before I got the chance to look towards Nana Esme, Mom's gaze snapped to the young female on the sofa, a glare in her eye. "Keep your talent at bay, Jane, you are in my home, and my entire family is protected. Do not try to harm any of them again." Mom's voice was colder than I had ever heard it. My eyes wide, I began making my way slowly across the room towards the door where my bag was sitting, waiting to be picked up by me. The Jane girl's next words stopped me mid stride though. "Isabella, what a displeasure to have to witness your sickening love for a lost cause again. We are here to check up on the half-breed as Aro has insisted, much to my displeasure. We also have an offer for your abomination of a daughter." I turned slowly on the spot, the sudden anger inside of me not only surprising me but Jasper too as he was by my side in an instant. "Renesmee, stay calm. Your father and I have this under control. There is no reason to get upset." I felt a wave of calm wash over my exterior, slowly soaking into my skin, soothing me and making me feel as if there wasn't an obnoxious wench in the room. I nodded my head in silence and watched the scene play out before me. "Her name is Renesmee, Jane. You may speak with her once you learn to call her by her name. I can also say your distaste is what's to be expected from a heartless woman such as yourself." Mom turned to face me a small smile appearing on her lips. "Renesmee, sweetheart, we'll be out in a minute, why don't you go wait in the car and your father and I will be out there before you know it." I frowned and crossed my arms. I had also picked up my mother's stubbornness as I grew. "Mom? I am not allowed to hear a conversation in which I am the main subject? Isn't it only fair that I get to have a say? This Jane girl does want to speak to me after all." I heard my dad's chuckle as he walked over to mom. "She reminds me a lot of you when you were a human, Bella. Plus, you and I both know that she has a valid point. Jane only wants to speak with her. The quicker she does this, the quicker our lives will return back to normal. They wouldn't try anything while they're so outrageously outnumbered anyway." Dad sounded cocky by the end of it, that million dollar grin spreading across his face. Apparently that was the smile that won my mothers heart. I didn't believe that for a second. I knew love existed, I mean this whole house was proof enough. I'd never seen so much love in one family, and I'd seen many over the years. Mom sighed and looked towards me, then Jane, and then finally my father. They seemed to be having a silent discussion. Maybe it was an argument. Who knows? I glanced over at Jane, trying to suss where I recognized her from. She was staring right back at me. "Who else is with you?" I asked absentmindedly, not realizing I'd been staring at all four of them until the tall intimidating one chuckled quietly. He stepped forward and was the one to speak. "My name is Felix, Renesmee, the boy to my right is Alec, then you already know Jane, and next to her is a new member to the guard. His name is Thomas, or Tom for short." I smiled lightly at the man and then froze and tensed up on the spot. On the guard?! That was where I recognized most of them. They were part of the red eyes Jacob and I had been speaking of in the kitchen just over ten minutes ago. Wow. We'd been here a long time, even for vampires. I glanced up at the clock above the pretty mantelpiece and realized if I didn't leave now then I would never make it on time for the first bell. I didn't want to risk getting a detention on the first day back after spring break. Not that it was very sunny. Ottawa was never really sunny. It was in Canada though. Today was rather dense. There was no snow or rain which was a good thing, but there was plenty of clouds and mist, meaning it would most likely rain at some point during the day. "I have to go. I can't be late on the first day of semester. The principal would go crazy." I heard Emmett's chuckle before I saw him reappear from wherever he had disappeared to. "Come on then squirt, we'll get you to school." Emmett slung his arm over my shoulder and began steering me in the direction of the door that led to the hall, which also led to the pantry where I kept my coat and shoes. Unfortunately, my school was one that insisted on school uniform, so I couldn't dress eccentrically to school like I was able to in Forks. We'd moved up from Forks almost four years ago, and it seemed we weren't going back for a while, because nowadays the generation my mother was born in were estimated to live until they're near enough one hundred or more. I don't know how long we planned on staying here, but I liked it. We lived in a peaceful area like Forks, but here, we all lived under the same roof, and only Jacob's pack had followed us up which meant less wolves and a little more freedom, but not a lot. "Does the half-breed drive