AN: Hello Readers, I'll try to keep this short. I was recently rejected again when i submitted my novel to a publishing company. After looking more into the publishing company, an idea i haven't been able to get out of my head seams like a better fit. My idea is based off of this. I worked it into a fanficiton to see if this could have any potential readers. Let me know what you think! Thanks to NialeliKropf for the encouragement! Summary: Edward left Bella in the woods, but Sam didn't find her. Real werewolves did. Realizing the draw the supernatural have towards the broken human, the wolves took her back with them over seas to become one of the Hunted. Humans taken for the enjoyment of the Hunt. Freeing them from their confine a week before the full moon, the wolves give the Hunted Human a chance at freedom. While most die right away, the Alpha used Bella's pull of the supernatural as an extra bonus. Releasing Bella, Vampires flock towards her, and the wolves get the added bonus of drawing out their enemy when they are in their true werewolf form. Using Bella more long term, they branded her against other packs of werewolves who participate in the Hunting. To entice other Vampires even more, they keep Bella locked up with a starved to immobilization Vampire when she is not 'in use'. Bella grew close to the immobile vampire, and in a few months, Bella will ensure both of their freedom, that is until her plans are ruined by a lower guard member. The Hunted Bella paced the reception area in the Volturi castle, as the guard who captured her watched in fascination as she continued to stomp back and forth with only impatience, no fear. A young red head sat at the desk also watching with amusement, as the human showed no sign of respect for the greater species that had captured her. Alec opened the door, "The Masters will receive you now." He smirked as he started to lead the way towards the throne room. "Most of the guard is anxious to hear why a lower guard member thought to bring a human to the Masters. Even my dear sister is going to be present." Bella was being dragged by the lower guard member, but saw him visually tense at the mention of the young man's sister. She quickly ran though her mind to figure out who his sister may be. Only one pair of siblings resided in the castle if her information was correct. Bella instantly placed the young guard as Alec, and his sister as Jane, as she cataloged that information for later, hoping she wouldn't need it. The lower guard released her elbow and quickly forced his hand into her hair to direct her head towards the ground. Bella kept her pain quiet as she continued through the open doors and the Kings of the Vampire world started to question the lower guard. "It is simple; this human was to become my meal. She had no fear of me, and I saw recognition in her eyes." The lower guard was never even addressed by name. Bella lifted her head enough to catch a glimpse of the kings, Aro gliding to the guard and grasping his hand. His face was replaced to one similar of that to Alice's when she had a vision. "I see," Aro released the guard's hand and reached for Bella's. "How…" Aro paused happy and upset all at once. "Unprecedented." The king finished, "I see nothing. Jane." The king commanded. Bella felt a prick on the back of her head but kept her head lowered. A low growl passed over the room. Aro laughed when a moment passed, "Don't worry Jane, she confounds us all. What is your name child?" Aro addressed her nicely, but it was plainly a command to Bella. "Isabella, Master Aro," Bella curtsied the best she could, stumbling a little, "But I prefer Bella." Bella chanced and looked up into his red eyes. Bella had opened her mouth to speak further when Aro commanded her again, "How do you know of what we are?" "Master Aro, I'm afraid that is not of importance right now." Bella looked at the candles surrounding the room, no light from the sits stories above showing through. "I can't be here now, it isn't time yet." Bella started to shake her head thoughts running through her head. Before the lower guard that captured her could get to her, Aro stopped him, his curiosity of what the human would do over riding his instincts to kill her. "Master Marcus I need to leave." Bella was at his feet as fast as her two left feet could carry her. "I can't leave her. I need more information, they moved her." Marcus' usual bored face was transformed into confusion; Aro went to his brother to catch a glimpse of what confused him. "What do you mean?" Marcus asked Bella, her tears starting to form. "She has a bond of a daughter to Marcus," Aro told the room of vampires more quickly than her human ears could have heard. "The full moon is in two nights, I shouldn't have been this close to Volterra anyways." Bella was running her hands through her hair, stands falling out faster than normal humans would. The vampires were quiet as they listened to the human murmurs to herself as Marcus took in her appearance fully now that he was paying attention. Her hair had no luster, deep bags were under her eyes from exhaustion, her form was frail and malnourished, her clothes were tattered dirty and worn past their time, they looked to be weeks old, and worn at least three days strait. Veins were marked under her skin more clearly than a road map, and her eyes were a deep doe brown, with the whites in a deep shade of pink, for veracious reasons. "… I can't lead them here. He will be angry; I have never been this far from them. I needed to find more information. She won't be strong enough. He needs her, I can see that. She will be so happy I have news. They will notice she is gone immediately. A few more months and I would have been fine. If only I wouldn't have fallen asleep, I should have gone farther West." "Isabella!" Caius yelled, obviously trying to get her attention before that, "Who is after you? Who is this she you speak of?" Caius hated demeaning himself enough to talk to a human, but the look in Aro's eyes had him thinking that she would not be human long. The potential of a gift, and the bond he saw to Marcus was far too great to pass up for a moment of delicious blood. "I am one of the hunted, Master." Bella was rim-rod strait as she pivoted from her pacing to be angled toward the kings, pulling her shirt up and her overly loose jeans down showing a brand marked on her, not of tattoo but of a cattle prod formed into that of an ancient letter. "Werewolves. I need to leave. They will be tracking me already, but once they are in their true form, I cannot move fast enough." The human trembled before them. Caius was in an uproar already dismantling the lower guard who brought this upon them. Bring the human brought werewolves closer to his Queen. "Who is she?" Sulpicia asked from the edge of the room, having heard a murmur of the strange happenings in her tower. "Isabella," Aro answered her at vampire speed misunderstanding her. "No," she spoke at vampire speed answering Aro. "Who is the She that you were speaking of child?" Sulpicia blurred to Bella's side. "My Queen," Bella answered, smiling to Sulpicia. Groans and moans went around the room as only Marcus and Sulpicia stared at the human in wonder. "Yes she is queen, now who did you speak of?" Caius was annoyed, whipping the venom of the now destroyed lower guard on his cloak, flicking his wrist to have other members burn his pieces. The vampires were talking fast, as Bella could not understand the words, she screamed in frustration, "I don't have time for this, my mother needs me." Bella tried to run towards the door, but didn't get a foot before Caius had her throat in his hand and the kings started to fight, Marcus demanding the human's release, Aro demanding answers, and Caius growling at the smell of the blood. Bella pasted out onto the floor from lack of oxygen as the guard members were at a loss of what to do. "Did she mean what I think she meant?" Sulpicia asked Marcus when the kings ordered the guard to leave. "I don't understand it." Marcus muttered to himself as he moved the human Bella to his throne and covered her with his cloak, "We have to ask her as soon as she wakes." Marcus roared with displeasure at his brother Caius. "Someone please speak in a language I understand. I know many, just choose one and make sense please!" Caius' temper soared as he smashed his throne against the marble floor, breaking the throne into kindling. "My dear daughter was trying to tell me that my wife, her mother, lives." Marcus' venom filled eyes greeted his brothers, as a smile grew to take form on his face. "My sister? She lives?" Aro was stone as he barely breathed out the words for vampires to hear. "Didyme may be alive? But I thought you confirmed her ashes. The bond, you cannot see it!" Caius was unbelieving. "We have witnessed gifts that cloak even the strongest of gifts. Some gifts that make others gifts obsolete of go haywire. It is not too farfetched." Sulpicia spoke as she brushed the lackluster burnet hair away from Bella's face. "How can we save them both?" she asked the room. After minutes with no response Sulpicia called for a female guard, Chelsea to take Bella to the queen's personal quarters, to bath and put her to sleep. "Make sure she has food when she wakes, have Jane and another female guard the room while you do so. Her sent is strong, but I have a bad feeling about what werewolves may have inflicted on her." Sulpicia thought out loud. Bella slept most of the next day, only to awaken in new clothes, cleaned, and placed in a bed larger than she had ever seen. Sulpicia, sat upon the bed brushing her hair. A needle was stuck in Bella's arm, giving her medical nourishment that a doctor who had become an early breakfast found lacking, Sulpicia informed Bella when she went to rip it away. "You are safe child. Eat." Sulpicia commanded as she strode to the door, only to open it enough to grab a light blue dress that Jane was willing to give the human Bella. "Jane was nice enough to let you have these, but I think the kings may join us in here to hear of your tale after you finish. Then we will discuss what to do next." "Wait." Bella was alarmed, she dropped the fork, unnoticing that she had started or stopped eating at all. "I need to leave, I need to get far away from here. They hope I will lead them to more vampires. I attract trouble. In a few months I will have given my mother enough blood so she is strong enough to escape and return home. They never see her, her eyes have been hidden for the last two years. She is starting to make sense again, she knows I am real. I need to give her my blood, she can't starve, she will go crazy again!" Bella broke down. "Eat." Sulpicia's warm face was gone. "Pick a place. We will travel while you tell us of your tale. I need to