District 34 Reaping AN: I have put so much work into trying to make this story into a masterpiece (very long masterpiece). I'm having all 34 districts and the Capitol have a POV in either a reaping chapter or a train rides chapter. I'm also having each individual tributes have one POV in arrival at the capitol, chariots, any of the training days, private training sessions, score reveals, interviews, and before the games chapters. So this will be a very long story, so just sit tight! This is the first chapter of it (will be in first person). Enjoy! Ami Tzu: Girl from District 34: Horticulture The day already feels extremely gloomy as I wake up in the earthy atmosphere in the house, which I then remember the dreaded reaping is this morning. I roll myself out of bed, trying to prepare myself for the agonizing reaping to come. The problem with being form District 34 is that there isn't too many kids to pick from, so there's never any relief, no matter any age you are. I pick up the outfit that I planned to wear down to the reaping. It's a plain, old dress, but I really don't care at this point. If I'm reaped, I'm hoping to hide myself from being noticed among the other tributes. District 34 is never really a stand out district for any Hunger Games, since we are literally the last district announced for any part of the Games, everyone loses interest by the end. Tributes from 34 only stand out if they survive for at least the first couple days of extreme slaughter. The bloodbath, with 70 tributes vying for the title, truly is a bloodbath in all sense of the word. Before, with only 12 districts, 11 tributes dead in the bloodbath was regular. 20 dead now is a very small bloodbath, usually it averages out to about 35 deaths in the first day. It's just mayhem, what the Capitol wants. I go downstairs to see my dad sitting at the table. He's the only one I've got left, basically. After the blight in the plants mutated, it took down everyone in the main greenhouse that ate the food grown there. Luckily, my dad and I were able to secure jobs at a better, more refined greenhouse. It was terrible when my mom passed away, but we've gotten through it. I was always an only child, but it was alright. I worked too much to really miss any sort of bonding with any sibling. I hug my dad from behind while he's reading the newspaper, he kind of shakes in his chair a little, then kisses my hand. He's always been a little shaky after her death, he's taking some expensive medication to help with his mental issues. Even though I've been a little off since moms died, I've pushed through it in my own way. I still love him, even though he's been a little shut off. "I love you, sweetie." He states groggily, then points to some eggs and greenhouse tomatoes. "Would you like some breakfast?" "That actually sounds lovely, thank you." I respond, plucking a little loaf of green bread from the centerpiece. Not moldy, just dyed tesserae bread. It's dyed and filled with different herbs, and honestly, it's very good. I put a little butter on the bread and start to eat breakfast in silence. "Are you ready for this year, Ami?" My dad questions from behind the paper. "As ready as I have to be." I respond nonchalantly, hiding my true fear behind the slightly comforting statement. Nobody is truly ready for the Hunger Games, are they? "That's good." He responds, "if you're reaped, I want you to come back home. You're an amazing person, I love you, and wish you the best of luck." That surprised me a lot, he has never really shown much emotion since mom passed on. It does make me happy, and more prepared for the possibility of me going into the Games. If I do get reaped, there's almost seventy other kids who have the same goal as me, many of them are trained to kill, and are basically trained to do only that for their life. The only way I'd have a chance is hiding. Coming from 34, it's a great basis of plant knowledge, as we deal with plants everyday. "It's probably time for to go get signed in, isn't it?" My dad asks. "Yeah, I guess so." I respond, giving him one last hug before I leave. "I'll be there in a little bit, sweet-cheeks." He smiles, peeking from out the side of the paper. That makes me smile, so he is a lovey-dovey person after all. I'm glad that helps, because as soon as I step outside, I see all of the potential kids that could get reaped to try to fight to the death. That's depressing. Even the terrible people who bullied me in school are completely silent, worried that their life could be at risk due to this terrible game. Everything and everyone is completely silent and still, especially when we get to the sign in desks. "Name?" The Capitol man asks abruptly. "Ami Tzu." I respond, holding my finger out for him to prick. The device the pricks my finger makes a clicking noise, and my face appears on the electronic pad in front of him, showing that it was in fact, me. "You're good to go." He responds. "Head over to the fourteen-year-old girls section." Indeed I will, sir. I nod to him, then head over to my section. Most of the younger sections are filled with more people who are very scared of the events preceding. Many of my peers are crying before the reaping is started. If any of these people are reaped, our district would be laughed at, yet again. Last year didn't go well at all, the boy from 34 maybe made it a day or two before he was killed, but that's about it. Both of them were criers. Not saying crying isn't a bad thing, just not in front of all of the Capitol cameras. That'd help our district view a little. Now that most of the areas are filled, our victors and mayor step out onto the stage, ready for the mayor to give the speech about how our district was discovered by the Capitol, along with District 27, and how lucky we are to be a part of such a country. Groan. Our five victors applaud him on stage, the rest of the small population of District 34 is basically silent. Even though our district has been around a long time, we only have five victors. 2 women, 3 men. It's depressing. Everything about the Hunger Games is depressing, don't you know? As the mayor concludes his speech, our escort, Jubliana Mentesna, basically speed walks onto the stage, almost shoving over our feeble mayor. "Now, let's get to the good stuff!" She shouts, I physically cringe and step back in response. "May the odds be ever in your favor!" "First, we will be drawing from the girls, cause ladies first!" Jubliana shrieks, putting her hand into the about two thirds full glass bowl, which has about 10 slips with my name on it. When she finally pulls out a name, she pulls out a name that's pretty familiar. "Ami Tzu!" She shouts. Familiar because it's my name, of course. There's nothing really I can do about it at this point, so I saunter up onto stage and wait for the boy that's going with me. I give Jubliana a pretty menacing look. She's not too frightened, considering I'm pretty short. "Now, for the boy!" She laughs with excitement. Do these people know they're crazy? Well, they're voluntarily putting their own kids into the Games, so what do I know? She plucks a boy's name from the even emptier bowl and shrieks it out. "Orem Pettily!" She shrieks loudly. I've never heard of the boy, but he's slightly older than me, and shaking violently as he walks up. I can see he's holding back tears. I roll my eyes, unable to contain it, I guess. I shake hands with them Orem boy. "The tributes from District 34, Ami Tzu and Orem Pettily!" She shouts again. No applause from the masses. I mean, that's just cruel if they would applaud. We're both shoved into our opposite rooms to see our loves ones and friends. Well, I really don't have friends, so I wait for my dad to come in. Before he comes in, I notice audible crying from the other room. This kid followed my advice. That's good. My dad walks in after that observation, I run up and hug him. "You have a few minutes, Mr. Tzu." Says a pretty friendly Peacekeeper as he shuts the door. "I love you, Ami." He says, crying a lot. "You have a lot better chance of winning then anyone else. You're smart, you have plant knowledge, you can hide, you can win." "I love you too, dad, but I don't know." I respond. "I'm obviously going to try, I need to see you again. That's my goal, it's not about the winning." "Of course it's not, sweetie." Dad responds. Hugging me deeply one last time, before the Peacekeeper comes in. "It's time." He states sternly. It's almost a stereotypical pulling away, our arms were linked, then pulled apart. It leaves me empty inside, and I'm left to reflect my feelings as the other tribute, Orem I think, continues his visits. This'll be interesting. Orem Pettily: Boy from District 34: Horticulture Everything is numb to me. Usually I'm a very peppy, happy person, but the day of the reaping has sucked every happy feeling out of me. Including the dreams, where I dream about the possibility of being reaped, and horrible tributes and mutts going after me. Of course, I still have to have a positive attitude. If I am reaped, everyone will forget about me, just the peppy boy from the most outer district. Everyone forgets about District 34 anyways. I groggily get out of my bed, and stare out the window, which somehow the sun still shines brightly on such a day. I pull out the sunflower yellow shirt and jeans that I picked out for today, to hopefully shine some light down on me. I throw a little bit of water onto my face before I go downstairs to the family I love. "Hey Orem, ready for the big day?" Mom states happily for some reason. "Meh, just hoping it's over and we can go back to normal." I state. Both of my parents work for the Justice Building in the District, my mom is an attorney for worker's rights, and my dad is a horticulture specialist. It's hard, because I almost never see them around the house. I do have my little sister, Ava. She's a bright 5-year-old ball of energy, and always wants to play. It helps that both of my parents make a lot of money in their jobs, considering they really can't look after Ava that often. I really never had any job experience after Ava was born, I was permanent baby sitter, which is fun, but it's not fun when you don't make your own money. My funny, positive side comes with being around a toddler every day. She really makes me happy, and I think I make her laugh quite a bit. "It'll be ok, there's quite a few other guys that could be reaped." She says, giving me a big smile. "Right, honey?" "Yeah son, you'll be fine." He states firmly. "Plus, you've never had to take tesserae. You've got about 5 slips in there, compared to those who have possibly 50 or 60 slips, you'll be ok." That's so true, I just hope to continue being around. Because who'll look after Ava? I supposed they could hire some