Chapter One: Edoras She woke abruptly from the same reoccurring dream she'd had for the past several months. She was walking alone in a forest, shaded trees drifting past her, and fog looming about her bare feet. She would come to a clearing and within the clearing there was a small child. It was a boy, with dark brown hair, an oval face, and strong violet-blue eyes. She didn't understand the significance of the child but somewhere inside of her she knew that the boy was linked to her. His face would turn to stare at her and while he looked akin to an angel, she could feel the otherworld qualities residing within him. He bent back away from her to hide what he was doing. When she moved forward to see what he was doing his head would snap back to look at her and she froze. In his eyes she saw something—someone—familiar, and yet so strange. It were those eyes that had haunted her dreams and each time prompted her awake, whether it was the middle of the night or early morning. She'd even tried a tincture to help her sleep more soundly, something she would rarely have done in the past. She thought about it time and again. It was as if being away from her home had made her mind restless and while her body had physically recovered from the weariness of war, her mind refused to recover. She slipped out of her bed, pulled on her night cloak and drew herself up from the unpleasant slumber and nightmare altogether. She then wandered the corridors of Meduseld in search of some answers. She would not find them in anyone residing in the Hall, but she hoped to remove herself from one state of being to discover another state in another place. Sometimes walking aimlessly while working on a problem was the best way to solve it. The fires of the hall were glowing red with embers. It was warm in the hall and so the fires hadn't been necessary at the dinner aside from cooking the meat and bringing light to the hall. She drifted through the empty hall towards the far right side where she knew a slip-door was and she could leave without drawing too much attention to herself. She didn't really want to be disturbed. She exited the enclosed and fortified hall to stand on the parapet of stone that surrounded the vast building. From that vantage point she could see the village down below, the fields beyond that, and then the mountains bordering those fields. For miles and miles, Edoras had long been able to see its enemies as they approached. This was no different from Minas Tirith, but something about Edoras gave her a sense of being grounded to something. In Minas Tirith she had hoped to escape the people and man-made enclosures. Perhaps it was the white stone that she had disliked. Edoras was not like that. It was, despite being on a high hill, very rooted and for once she enjoyed being this close to the earth. There was light to the east and the sun was rising. Soon the city would rise with it and begin the day. "Aranee?" She jumped slightly, placing a hand on her heart as she whirled around to see who had called her name. It was Éomer. He was plainly dressed in what she knew to be his bed clothes; a pair of dark brown breaches and a pale blue tunic. He didn't have his boots on however. "You scared me," Aranee sighed. "I apologize for the intrusion. I saw you leave and was compelled to follow." He came to stand beside her and smiled gently. "Your compulsions where I am concerned are strange, Éomer." "So you claim," he replied. He then took her hand in his and linking his fingers with hers, brought her hand up to his mouth for a small kiss. He did not release her hand when the kiss was over but Aranee didn't mind. In the months that she had been at Edoras, trying to bring herself back to the way she had been before the war and before the attack on Aragorn as well as the loss of Arwen's child, Aranee had come to rely on Éomer a great deal. "Was it the dream?" he asked her. "Aye. It's always the same and always shakes me to my core in the same way. It's becoming a nuisance." Aranee leaned into Éomer, hoping to use some of his unyielding strength to power her soul. "It does seem to trouble you so." He was silent for a time, trying to find the words to say to her. In the time since becoming king, as well as in the time that Aranee had been a guest of his hall, he had been patient, a skill he had never entirely learned to master. He refused to push or pull Aranee one way or the other. He would help her make the decision she wanted to make and when it was beneficial to her, he was overjoyed. His sister had advised him against pursuing Aranee, and while he outwardly had, he still held secret hopes that one day she would see him as he saw her. "What would you like to do today, my dear?" he asked, using one of the small endearments she had allowed him to use. "Surely as the king you cannot take the day to entertain me, Éomer, and I wouldn't ask for it," she turned to smile at him, "no matter how I would wish it." "Alas not the entire day," he replied, "but I do have some time. Would you like to go riding with me?" While Aranee had never been good on a horse, living with the horse people of Rohan had enabled her to adapt fairly quickly. She was now an accomplished rider, thanks to Éowyn and Éomer who had both tutored her. She loved the feeling of the wind whipping through her hair, drawing the tendrils this way and that way, making her feel as light as a feather. Her horse, Leitha Fea, literally translated from Elfish into the words 'free spirit', which suited her very well. "I would like that very much," she squeezed his hand that was still linked with hers and leant her head on his shoulder. "As would I." They stood there for a few minutes, pondering the landscape. Éomer was focused entirely on the woman standing beside him, enjoying the feeling of having her near, as she had come to confide in him in the past few months. If Éowyn was not readily available or near at hand, Aranee would come to Éomer. He would listen intently and when she asked him "What should I do? he would reply in earnest, giving her the answer he thought fitting thought not necessarily the one she wanted to hear. She always said she valued his honesty and would perhaps squeeze his hand or kiss him on the cheek before she left to make the decision. Aranee was thinking about how in such a short period of time Éomer had come to mean so much to her. Éowyn and Faramir, before leaving for Edoras, both warned her of his intentions and while that had frightened her at first, she needn't have worried. Éomer was as kind and as gracious as any man. He was perhaps now in second place in her heart beside Faramir. She would always have preferred to speak to Faramir about the things she was thinking, but as he was thousands of leagues away and messages back and forth were possible, they weren't always practical. And she had never been able to write things as well as she could tell them. But Éomer was, while not a brother to her, he was a dear friend whom she trusted and relied on very much. The intimacy that they had shared over time had brought them closer together. She was not ready to accept him fully in the role that he desire, and on the rare occasion would mention to her, he did not pry at her feelings and understood her well. She found herself nodding to sleep on Éomer's shoulder and he must have noticed because he said, "Come, you need rest. We shall ride later when you feel up to it." She only shook her head in agreement and let him direct her back through the slip-door and back through the hall. Several serfs were about, setting the hall to rights after the night meal and readying it for the morning meal. Éomer showed her to her room and rather than wait at the door as a gentleman would have done, he followed her inside. He had done it a few times before and while Aranee minded at times, this was not one of those times. She trusted him with her life and therefore also with her virtue. He would not assume anything of her character. She slipped out of her night cloak and sat down on her bed gingerly, suddenly exhausted. "I hope I can rest without waking from the nightmare this time." Éomer saw the frightened look on her face, and knowing how much this nightmare scared her he took a chance and dropping down to kneel before her, said, "Would you prefer if I stayed and when you woke again I would be here?" Aranee looked down at him, wondering if he had said it as a jest, but when she met his eyes she saw only complete earnest. She knew he would gladly stay by her side to make sure she did not awake from her nightmare alone, but she would not allow him to single her out like that. She knew she had his affections, but she would not act on that offer, not even one as innocent and as noble as this. She shook her head, "No Éomer," she said. Her hand lifted inadvertently to his cheek, cupping it gently. The unspoken love between them was obvious but this was not what Aranee needed. "I will be fine on my own. I appreciate the offer though, and will remember it in the future, should I need it." "Please do. You know I am at your service, Aranee. You need only to call and I will answer." Taking her hand from his face he kissed the back of it and rose, stopping briefly to plant a kiss on her forehead. "Get some rest. Riding later will take some strength out of you and we can't have you falling off your horse." His eyes sparkled as he smiled, lighting up his face, a look that Aranee adored. She nodded, "I will rest." He left the room and while there had been no conscious clenching of her heart to protect it from Éomer's affections, Aranee could feel a weight lifting from her chest. This was the reason she knew that she did not want a romantic entanglement with Éomer. While her body might enjoy the closeness with Éomer and she unloaded her mind to him regularly, she knew that she always had this barrier up when he was around. It was not impenetrable anymore, but most of his deeper affection bounced right off her, keeping her safe from being truly hurt. She was not strong enough inside to allow him in fully. Éowyn clutched the note to her bosom and lay back against her bed. She had only four letters from Faramir in all the eight months she had been back at Edoras. And while she had missed Edoras when she was in Minas Tirith, she had Faramir to comfort her and keep her company. Now that she had returned to Minas Tirith, while there was much to do, when she had a spare moment she could not stop thinking about him. He was on her mind when she fell asleep and when she woke