Chapter One: Tis Just the Beginning In the mouth of the cave she stood, waiting for the wounded to come in. She had never really thought about saving lives when she was younger, but it was talent she had happened upon the first time she'd seen her best friend get hurt. In Minas Tirith there were always people who needed help, people bleeding, wounded, or just dying of natural causes. It was an awful sight most of the time, but she got used to it. It was rather easy too, she found, helping people get better was worth going through the horrible sights of seeing them bleeding and screaming in pain. It was different now as well, knowing that the end might be near. She heard the cries from down below and it was heart breaking. But she would soldier on, just as she had done for the past few months, even years, of her short life. "Aranee? What are ye doing standing there girl?" Aranee spun round and saw the head healer standing there wiping her hands on her blood-stained skirt. "Nothing Ninia," she replied, looking over the withered healer. She looked so old. The war had definitely taken its toll of some people, Ninia being one of them. "I'm just waiting for more wounded." Ninia huffed, as she always did and said, "And ye'll be waiting for longer than a coon's age for it. This here tavern is full up and I've just sent a guard to let Denethor know. So you'll be good enough to come back in and make fairly certain ye don't get yerself into trouble." Aranee smiled at Ninia. The old woman had grey hair and soft skin with wrinkles. She always covered her hair up with handkerchief though so it never got in the way of her healing. But as a White Witch, she still had the bluest of blue eyes. "Coming Ninia," Aranee replied. She could hear them coming as she went back into the center of the cave, a hundred thousand Uhri-Khai and Orcs, coming to kill them all. It was to destroy the world of men, for they had seemingly outlived their purpose in Sauron's eyes. Aranee's eyes dipped and she folded her hands in her skirt. To outlive one's purpose was to die. But Aranee was not yet ready to die; she felt it instinctively. She'd only just begun her life. She didn't want to go out like this. She needed honor and valor to be a part of her farewell. And this was not her idea of honor and valor. It was honorable to those who were dying, but she couldn't help but feel there was something else out there for her, something more. "Good Lord, my lord Faramir, is he alive?" Ninia came rushing past Aranee and towards the cave entrance. There on a stretcher lay the Lord Faramir, son of Denethor. Two soldiers, the white wizard, Gandalf, and a small hobbit, brought him in and placed him on the hard rock ground. "He lives Ninia," Gandalf said with a tired look in his eyes. It had been a long time since he had rested, and it was likely to be a long time more before he saw sleep. "Denethor was trying to burn him alive." Aranee ran to Faramir's side and started pulling away his tunic. Her friend was wounded...again, and she needed to help him, save him from his pain and suffering. "Denethor was? Why?" She was infuriated with the man whom she had lived under. It was like him to forgo all logic and do something terrible, but so soon after learning of his first son's death was madness. "The city is under siege, we must return as soon as possible. Denethor saw the numbers scattered across the field and fled, telling everyone else to flee. He lost his mind, I fear. He is dead. He was set afire in the tomb of kings and ran off the city." Ninia covered her mouth in horror. "He truly was mad then?" she whispered through her fingers. "Yes, indeed he was, but only after seeing his son on a stretcher with arrows protruding did his mind truly falter." He then turned to the hobbit beside him. "Come Pippin, we must to the gates at once or else I fear all will end badly." Aranee looked up at those words and glanced at Gandalf and the small hobbit beside him. "Is there hope for a victory, Gandalf?" "There is always hope," Gandalf replied before taking off at a quick pace with Pippin running at his side. Aranee sighed with relief after hearing the old wizard's words. He was much wiser than she and Aranee was thankful that they had hope on their side. She turned back to Faramir, her friend, and his wounds. "My lord," she whispered as his eyes fluttered open. "Faramir? Come to me." She could feel the perspiration in her eyes coming, but she refused to give up the hope that Gandalf had claimed they always had. She refused to believe that there was no hope for her friend's wounds. "Nee? Is that you?" Faramir gurgled, finally regaining consciousness. "Aye my lord, 'tis I," she said with a smile on her face, overrun with gladness that Faramir was still alive and well on his way to healing. "How did you come to such a state?" she asked him with a slight smile. "Lord Denethor told us to retake Osgiliath, but it was overrun, so we were slaughtered. I don't even know how I got here." Aranee sighed and smiled to him, "Gandalf brought you. You are to be taken care of now, my lord." A smile always brought him back, whenever he was sad or angry. Her smiles were the best medicine, Faramir thought. "Nee? How many times have I asked you to call me Faramir?" he smiled slightly through his pain and disillusion. "Too many to count…Faramir." "Éowyn? Éowyn? Are you okay?" Her eyes fluttered open and focused in on her brother's face. How had she gotten there again? "Éomer?" she said, her voice scratchy and her body sore. Oh yes, she had stabbed the Witch-King. "What's going on?" she mumbled, trying to stretch out her aching body. "It's over." Éomer was glad to see his sister's eyes open once more. "Over?" she suddenly stopped her stretching. "What do you mean over?" "Frodo tossed it in, Éowyn. The wee lad did it. Can you believe it? You've been unconscious with fever for two days now. Our land finally has peace." He was near ecstatic now. The world would be righted once more. He just knew it. "Peace? Oh my word, are you sure? Is it truly over?" She was so afraid he wasn't telling the truth, or he was mistaken in some way. It had been too long since she had known peace that she didn't really remember what it felt like anymore. "'Tis true sister. We are out of the darkness. And Aragorn gets crowned on the morrow at midday." His eyes traveled over his sister's face. It was soft and elegant, and strong. She was a powerful warrior of Rohan, and had persevered through her fever and pain. "'Tis over then," she sighed happily. Éomer smiled, "No sister, 'tis only the beginning. There is a new life here for us, for you and for me. 'Tis a beginning." As the crowd surrounded the new king, Aranee watched from the window above. She didn't want to be a part of the festivities. She was glad for the new king, but she had not yet met him, and she didn't really like giving her allegiance to a man she hardly knew. It was just a peculiar notion she held, that she needed to know someone before she entrusted her loyalty to him, such as Faramir. Aranee had only just gotten used to Denethor being her lord and master, and now she must adapt to a new lord and master. He seemed kind and honorable and he obviously cared for his people, but it was different when it came to her. She was just a little bit different from anyone else. There came a knock on the door and Aranee turned to find Éowyn entering. Éowyn was turning out to be a good friend to Aranee, as she soon found out after healing Éowyn's sickness. "Éowyn?" She was all dressed up in her gold and navy blue gown and golden headpiece. "Are you not to go to the festivities?" "I was just there, and the Lord Faramir sent me up to see if you were going to come down any time soon. Lord Aragorn wishes to meet the woman who has saved so many. Will you go Aranee?" Aranee sighed and nodded slightly. "You do not seem so thrilled about seeing Lord Aragorn." "Well, in truth I am not. I have heard much about him and he sounds like an appealing and brave man, but I am still stirred by him. Where has he come from to be my king?" Aranee watched Éowyn sit down on the settee. She seemed nervous. "What is it?" "Aragorn is a man of great honor and valor. He ran away from his past because he feared the Ring and its power. You do know that he is Isildur's heir, do you not?" Aranee's eyes widened at the news, and she nearly gasped. "Isildur named this Aragorn heir? ...Was...was his father Arathorn?" "Yes, his father died long ago though, as well as his mother." Aranee nodded and gulped now feeling nervous herself. She looked away towards the window and watched the new king make tribute to the Age of Men and then walk towards his people. Among the crowd were the elves of Lothlorien. From where Aranee sat at her window, she could see the elf, Arwen. Arwen was so beautiful, and so Aranee saw Aragorn put his arms around Arwen and cried in relief, she knew the elf princess was also in love. It showed as well. She looked pale however, almost too pale, as if she had just come back from illness, something Aranee knew a lot about. Looking back at Éowyn she smiled and nodded. "I will come now, just give me a moment." Éowyn smiled and got up towards the door. She exited and left Aranee alone. Sighing once more Aranee moved towards the bedside table where she'd left her headpiece. She'd not had an occasion to don it for some time now so it was covered in dust. She cleared the dust away to reveal the sparkling gems of pale blue and clear. It matched her attire well. Her hair was a dark brown color and all her colors signified peaceful and calm emotions a feeling she had longed for since the war began. Her dress was the pale blue of her headpiece gems with silver embroidery. She had always loved blue and silver together. Blue was her color, and she'd stuck with it her entire life. She placed it on her cleaned and shining hair and smoothed over her dress. She was ready to go outside now, to face her new king, no matter how much she'd rather avoid him. Aragorn stood reserved from everyone else. He had said enough hellos and shaken enough hands for one day. It was time to retire to the grand hall with all his closest friends and enjoy some time with Arwen, whom he was immeasurably happy to see. He held out his hand for his newly returned love. "Come Arwen," he said in her Elven language. "We shall dine." Her dark lashes smiled at him as she nodded and took his arm. She looked so beautiful in her dress of mint green and her silver headpiece glistened in the sunlight and it made Aragorn smile to see her so happy with him once again. He cleared his throat and his close friends turned towards him. "My