February, F.O. 82 Emyn Arnyn His cheek was cold and wet, pressed into the whorls of fine light snow that lay like dust upon the winter garden. Dry and prickled, a stalk of horsemint tickled his nose. He could smell its spice and tang, strong even in its frozen state. A memory flitted by. This was the smell that brought the butterflies she loved. Snow was good: there had been little snow since Metarre. Instead the north winds had brought sere, cold air from down the mountains, drying and freezing trembling plants unused to little cover. Hyssop, now crushed beneath his legs, would survive he thought, its deep taproot untouched by the frost. In spring its sap would rise anew to light and life. Like her . His head ached fiercely and his body was leaden. I must get up. As he pushed against the unyielding ground only his right fingers flexed a little and right knee shifted. Exhausted by the effort of such little movement he sagged, letting the earth cradle him again. It was wet and cold but easy, gentle in its cool embrace. It took no effort just to lie. His body shivered then just a little as a few light flakes settled down and frosted more his grey-flecked hair. Why had he come out? The owl. An owl had called and he wanted to see it. It had sat upon a branch of Lebrethon, the king of the night birds, looking solemnly down and majestic in its cloak of winter white. Bringers of wisdom and portent, owls were never in Ithilien this time of year. He lay and pondered for a while this sign as a cool and silken darkness descended yet again. He awoke next at the gentle touch upon his head. The hand that stroked his hair was large and callused, but not warm; cool even against the sharp twilight air. A sigh floated beside and he opened his eyes. The fair young man sat cross-legged, his breeches incongruously dry amid the snow. " Come little brother, come. It is time, little one." The great hand moved to clasp his fingers, his own hand finer still despite the knuckles reddened with cold and time. Dimly he struggled to focus; the grey eyes were familiar and the straight raven hair, his own nose and his grandfather's brow. " Little one? Even now? Don't make me laugh…it hurts." He tried to chuckle but only a garbled pant came out. " I am the one who is old and grey and you are yet young . " Slate grey eyes became grave, an expression that did not sit well upon a proud, smooth face more used to open laughter. " It was better thus. I was not made for peace ." The truth twisted sharply but could not be denied. "Oh Boromir, I have missed you so. I was not made to be without you." " Then come. Come and we shall be together now." "Now?" He was startled by the thought. Surely not now. What of all he had to do? Spring council was just six weeks away. "Yes. It is time." " No!" What of Bron? And Finn? And Theo? He must see them. There were things he needed to say. Fear was a great bubble that expanded in his chest: it felt too tight to breathe and pressed hard against his heart. Panicked, he tried to unclasp his brother's hand and rise. Small shocks jolted through his limbs at the effort; the muscles' messages garbled in his haste. " Peace !" He stilled, for the words and voice work even now. Long used he had been to his brother's commands, loved, and ordered and governed since childhood. A hand descended to stroke his back. Cold lips now grazed his brow; an apology. " You were ever stubborn and too conscientious for your own good. The great head shook, a wry smile lingered. Do what you must first. Not for a few more days would I have you so grieved ." Of a sudden Boromir looked toward the house. His lips were pursed and brow was furrowed: he had scented something. It was a look Faramir remembered well: the soldier alert always for intrusion. There came a breathy shift upon the air, a flush of welcome warmth as a door opened. The great head nodded in acceptance and his shoulder was gently squeezed. " Farewell for now ." A new sound came: the wet and squelching crunch of footsteps running in the snow. "Papa!" A soft warm face pressed against his cheek: an ear listened for his breath. Warm fingers clasped his shoulders and tried to turn him but so stiff and cold was he that nothing moved. "Papa, no!" The face lifted up and he mourned the loss of warmth. "Arun! Arun, come quickly!" The woman's call was urgent, heavy with fear and certainty. Hot tears fell upon his neck. Fin. Why is my little girl weeping? Fin does not cry . ~~~~000~~~~ When next he woke he was tucked into the warmth and softness of their bed, the one that held their lifetime within its great expanse. Memories drifted gently down like snowflakes, each one so different yet so very precious: the laughter of all five of them having breakfast in bed, sticky honey smeared by excited children everywhere; 'Wyn propped against the pillows, smiling and exhausted with toil and triumph, a wizened little face tucked into her arms; Her fingers coiled within the sheets, eyes closed and face flushed, as their single heart beat faster with a passion that never dimmed. Eighty years were not enough , he thought. I was greedy . I wanted her forever. The morning sun slanted low through the window. It was early. Fin had slept upon the window seat, a blanket on her shoulders. Strands of her fine black hair escaped the ever present plait, though it now too had some few streaks of grey. 'Nana' little Aralin called her, the great-granddaughter in whom he was so lost; a novelty amongst so many boys. Fin was home. She had been home these forty years, but still he felt the lack of the years without her. Her gifts so strong and varied, knowing not how to direct them, it seemed she fought the whole world from the moment she was born. She had run. Run all the way to the end of a desert road, selling her sword, until she found the one person who could the calm the storm within. Afraid then of the calm, she ran so far she came back to where the journey began, Arun trailing in her wake. He remembered well both their heads bowed before him, two blades; one curved, one straight; presented as they swore their bond of duty. That moment melded with another; her grandfather reciting the selfsame oath when Faramir had bowed his knee and kissed a ring, a century before. A century. That was another lifetime, before he and his daughter both learned that to journey was to gain a gift: to come back to the beginning and see it washed anew. A door murmured welcome and his son-in-law stepped in, ebony-eyed and graceful as a cat. Seeing his wife asleep, the soul of quiet reason, Arun sat down and inclined his dark head. "How fare you my Prince?" Raised in a court where titles mattered greatly Arun only ever called him Prince, never father, and so Faramir, but half in jest, had returned the favour. 'Shahzadeh' Arun was to him, the princely son of the Emperor's best-beloved, but least and youngest wife. To Faramir's frustration, the words would not come out clearly. His son-in-law, ever resourceful, took a paper from the bedside and a quill. He inked it for his Prince and held the paper still against the soft coverlet. Right hand shaking, Faramir scratched out the words: Fine. Bron? Theo? An amused snort greeted his outright lie. "Messengers have been sent my Prince, and also to the King. They will come as swiftly as they are able." Faramir sank deeper into the pillows, relieved, but with it overtaken by the terrible fatigue. Arun watched as his father-in-law, that most vital and energetic of men, became just slightly indistinct about the edges. Loathe then to let only the quixotic Valar guide events, he bowed his head and prayed judiciously to his own Wind Lord for speed. ~~~~000~~~~ It was morning again. He had slept the day round and felt just slightly better for it. Elboron, Eldarion and Barahir had arrived the night before. He did not remember the healer they brought from Minas Tirith, although they explained he awoke for a little while and suffered uncomplaining to be examined. He did not ask what they found, it mattered little. He had no need of healers to tell him he had but little time. Bron hugged his stiff, uncooperative body very carefully and scanned his father's face. There was much concern that Faramir had hardly drunk the past two days. Already his eyes were sunken and his lips were chapped. "Father will you try?" His son's blue eyes were pleading. Faramir tried hard to sip as Bron held the cup, he knew better than to argue with his eldest. Stalwart but determined, Bron was the best of both his uncles; blond, blue-eyed and horse-mad like Eomer; headstrong and generous as Boromir. Time and parenthood had softened just a little his mother's quicksilver temper. Faramir smiled inside, remembering the fireworks as Bron and Fin and 'Wyn had battled, while he and Theo had snuck out and left them to it; their quiet mediation in truth not wanted. Of late he saw in his elder son an unsettledness he remembered in his brother. Elboron and Eldarion, sword-brothers and inseparable, were the vanguard of the kingdom's peacetime army. Together they had fought in Rhun and Umbar and beyond, had secured the lasting peace all knew would come in time. Restless now, he knew Bron both dreaded and tired of waiting for the role that was his birthright. Quietly Faramir had passed on a chosen few of his many duties, ones he hoped would interest his energetic son. Instead it was Bron's eldest, Barahir, who listened eagerly to his talk of treaties and tithes and politics. He was much like his grandfather; he too loved lore and music and poetry. Hours they could sit, in the study or the garden, discussing lines of lilting words, their parry and their thrust. A vision seized hold tightly then what sight he had. Barahir, not Elboron, held the rod and wore the White Tree, as Eldarion, his King, was crowned. With the sound of ringing trumpets from the white walls fading, Faramir mourned. Their lives would ever be too short to fully serve their kings . ~~~000~~~ He drifted, and in the stillness of the night he saw beside him another young woman named Finduilas, graced also with a waterfall of fine black hair and clear grey eyes. The bed did not dint where she sat and Bron, asleep upon the chair, did not stir. Her face was not the one he remembered, not the one full of pain and rasping with tortured breath that last winter of her life. This was the calm and peaceful face his mother bore when last he walked the shadows, before his king had called him home. A bow-shaped mouth alike to his defined a troubled frown. "Little love why do you tarry? Why not come with me now?" It was so tempting. How easy it would be to take her hand and follow as the little boy had done; her warm hand clasped about his own, the grasses swaying on the strand, sun sparkling on the waves. In his memory her hand was always warm, as were her arms, but now the elegant fingers he strained to touch were cold. They seemed so wrong. "I cannot Mother,