' You left the East Wind to me,' said Gimli, 'but I will say naught of it.' ' That is as it should be,' said Aragorn. 'In Minas Tirith they endure the East Wind, but they do not ask it for tidings. . Tolkien, The Two Towers, Chapter 1: The departure of Boromir. " May the wind under your wings bear you where the sun sails and the moon walks." J.R.R. Tolkien, The Annotated Hobbit: The Hobbit, Or, There and Back Again Manwë, lord of Air, first and greatest of Blessed Eru's thoughts, sat his throne of pearl and adamant and surveyed the young Ainu before him with a puzzled frown. It was not often in this first blushing Spring of Arda that he was met with tears. " Daughter-of-my-thought, why do you weep? Why bring this music to disturb the light of Oiolossë that is so fair?" His voice, bold as the peal of silver trumpets, strong as a gale, fair as the gentlest breeze of sweet high summer, made the leaves of laurinquë tremble. Amrûn, the East Wind, knelt at the King of Arda's feet and pressed her trembling knees to the stone of Taniquetil. There had been the briefest flicker of blue fire in his gaze and a frown upon the noble brow where rode wisdom and patience ever. The sight of her lord's discomfort made her quail for but a moment and she bent her head in reverence. " Father… forgive me." Manwë pursed his lips in thought. He had no wish for any of his charges to know sadness or pain or want, particularly the spirited eastern wind of whom he was quite fond. He gathered his deep blue robes and rose, lifting Amrûn with a gentle grasp. In his hands were compassion and mercy limned his gaze. " Come, be not afraid. Why these tears little one? Speak to me." The little Maia, disheveled as ever from her haste, felt a little ragged at his touch. She clutched her cloak of gauzy poppy more tightly about her breast and tucked a twining, golden curl behind her ear, The gesture gave her courage . Her small but supple fingers dashed the last shining tear from off her cheek and with a deeper breath Amrûn raised her chin. " My Lord, Arien and Tilion have found their heart's desire. My sister, the South Wind has many suitors. My brothers have their loves: North delights in Snow and West he plays ever with the Sea. I am all alone. I have none to dance with me." The Vala sat back surprised and laid his sceptre of pearl and sapphire down upon his lap. About the hall kestrels and eagles, herons and wrens alike winged and dove, their songs of devotion and delight aloft on the halcyon air. Were not all his creatures beautiful? Amrûn stood before him; golden as the first rays of morning sun, gossamer as the lightest silkweed, delicate as the wings of a dragon fly. Slowly Manwë shook his silver head. " Are you not fair? You are the first warm breath of spring before your sister wakes. Your laugh brings forth the gilt and glittering dew that chases the night's shadows with the dawn. In your joyful dance runs all the majesty and mystery of my air" Amrûn plucked disconsolately at her rumpled skirts, tangled and torn with as she had dipped and twirled about the lands. Gossamer was her robe, too much so perhaps for the swiftness of her dance. " But Lord, my Love does not notice me. My sister and my brothers are sleek and sure and clad in fairer raiment. I thought perhaps you might fashion me a new dress, one that would not get caught as I rustle through the trees." A low chuckle rumbled and below upon the Everlasting Snows a flock of longspurs suddenly took to wing. The King of Arda smiled. The East Wind was mischievous, naughty, strong and to his great delight, brought change where ever she alit. The gossamer of her clothes had been of her own doing. " Were you not away when I gave your siblings raiment? Were you not off playing with the Moon, stirring the singing lights to dance?" A mute nod was all his answer. It was true and all she deserved for not listening to his call and yet, the little one looked so forlorn. It tugged at his heart. " Whom do you love, my child…?" " Helcar, the great sea of the north, where stands Illuin to light the north ." Oh he was wonder. Vast and cool and so welcome in the lands sere and gold and green about. She loved the sting of his salt as it dried sharp upon her face, the swell and power of his flood. She had played about Cuiviénen so many times, she knew him well, but still he did not wave or splash or call to her. The wise eyes grew sad. "I do not command the sea, little one. That is my friend and shield-brother Ulmo. He and I we make the rain together but he has is desmesne, as I mine." The little golden head drooped in resignation at the rightness of his words. They were true. Amrûn sighed and turned to leave. " Wait ." The King of Arda beheld his daughter-spirit and pondered how, if he could not grant her wish, at least he could help her heart. Loathe was he to change her raiment for he found it fair and she was wayward child, capricious, not always doing as she was bid. Perhaps here was a chance for a loving lord and father to teach. All things that flew in the light were his to command, they went ever to and from his halls, bringing news from all of Arda, save the darkest places in the ocean deeps or the impenetrable shadows loved by his brother Melkor. Though he Saw farther than all other eyes, it came to Manwë's thought that Amrûn could be his servant in those darker hidden spaces, that she of the airs could twine about the very pinnacles and crags of the lands of shadow and hear much that was hidden to him yet. Though the world was young, he foresaw that it should darken and such a time would come. He knew best the music of the One, knew how it should go, feared it could be marred. " Amrûn I will grant a boon to you, a necklace to make you fairer still, one that will sparkle like the sun on breaking waves and be the envy of all you meet. It shall be of finest true and pure silver and on it shall hang ten perfect drops of rain." At these words the little Maia clapped for joy, threads of gossamer swirling in her gusts. The King of Arda nodded and about her slender neck there appeared a fine twisted chain, light as the air, adorned with a single drop. It was the water of Ulmo perfected. As elegant as the crystal beads of dew that graced the morning. As intricate as the pellucid stars of snow that graced the Holy Mountain. The East Wind stilled and flushed, abashed at her thoughtlessness for her Lord's generosity. " Sire, I thank you…" Eyes that were the deepest blue of the sky's great vault flashed once. Yea she was grateful but he knew her attention was a fleeting thing. Manwë raised his hand. " Come to me at the Turning of each Age and each half therein and I shall gift you a new raindrop. In return you shall bring news of the world, from all the places that I may not see, even unto the deeper shadows. By this you shall earn your gift and learn to focus on your task" " I am your servant, Lord." replied Amrûn, bowing deeply, humbled by his wisdom. " Do now your office with my blessing." As the East Wind turned and flew down the slopes of Taniquetil, past its lofty halls, past the fair trees and birds and all that had been wrought by the Music of the One, the King smiled sadly and shook his head. She was the East wind. Would that she would not stray. Though Amrûn wished with all her heart to show her love her beauteous new treasure she did not stop or dance about his blue-green waves. She turned away, soaring north and east over lands new-made below the light of the Lamps unquenched. Her path was straight and true. It led her beyond the Great Greenwood to where her brother's arms stirred the gelid air and saw-toothed mountains rose up, hard and pitiless as iron. She searched. Below their fastness she found the deep nebulous crevices of the world. Diaphanous, insubstantial as a sigh, Amrûn twined carefully about great pillared halls hushed but for the tinkling chime of water, a gift of life suborned to rest in dark and knowing pools. There in spaces that knew not the gentle brush of open air she heard a whisper. One of black hot wings and barbs and fiercer fire. Afeared but resolute she gathered courage to her like a cloak and drifted deeper still. As a river of pure need she flowed. Past dank and groaning spaces filled with writhing fume, past still and brooding stalactites dark-veined with yellow canker. In the foetid deeps she heard a darker song. One of tenebrous shadow and clawing jealousy. Of hurt and rage and blacker lust that sent fright to spill, heavy and venomous, through her veins. In dismay she fled and flew at once to Taniquetil. With faltering speech she told her Father-Lord of all that she had heard: of the song and its evil heart, of the rustling of great wings unseen. " My Lord, He is gathering." She cried, twisting the cloak of gossamer in anxious hands. With a sigh that set the clouds to scudding Manwë lifted the little chin and held her close within his narrowed gaze. He saw her distress, saw her heart quaver and knew of whom she feared to speak but believed it not. Melkor had been banished, bided far beyond the Walls of Night, beyond the Encircling Sea and could not trouble Arda in its Spring. A hand cool with the fresh scent of morning was laid upon her brow. " Fear not little one. It could not be He, but yet I ask you to be vigilant. Verily I would know of this dark song and if it grows. Some lesser Ainu seeks to emulate its Master. Listen well but take courage and be not afraid. When the time is right we shall act if the need is great." Surprised and well pleased with her constancy he gifted her then a second shining drop of rain. It fell, perfect and lightest blue of the most rare and precious sapphire, to hang beside the first. The little Maia shivered with delight. It was so very pretty. The fairest and finest jewel that she could wish. Pushing aside her fear she looked up in gratitude to her Lord. "Thank you and bless you Father, but please may I now take your leave?" she asked shyly . "I wish to show it to another." The faintest rosy blush painted a cheek that quivered with excitement. The King of Arda smiled. He knew well whither she was bound. " Go thou my daughter and tarry not long beside the Sea. Go forth and remember to follow the darker song for I would know its source." " As you wish My Lord." The golden head bowed and with a rush that set the startled songbirds to wing in indignation she swept away. In her haste Amrûn did not notice the guttering of the lamps as she swept past nor the flickering shadow cast upon a brow that grew thoughtful once again,