A/N : Inspired by Gwynnyd, Aragorn-writer extrordinaire and mod of the Garden of Ithilien. She, apropos of JRR's comment that early Gondor architecture was Egyptian in style and scale, said she could imagine Aragorn and Faramir in Egyptian kilts and cuffs. Now how could I resist that perfect fluffy plot-bunny? And of course there are Wynja2007's wonderful Silvan battle kilts, referenced here with her permission. If you haven't done so: check them out in Where it Doesn't Show. It and they are fabulous. The remaining silliness is my own. Aragorn was starting to wonder if letting Faramir and Eowyn elope might not have been the better move. When his Steward had first mused longingly about two horses, a cloak and a night out on the plains the King had shaken his head, mumbled soothingly that they belong to the people now and had been most relieved when Faramir let the matter drop. Now, head pounding dully from the festivities the night before, Aragorn wondered fleetingly if he had perhaps miscalculated a tiny bit. The problem was not that the discussions were too very fraught or formal. Indeed, they were more than cordial. Eomer sat at ease with Elfhelm beside, Faramir and Imrahil across, their table set in the sun on the greensward outside Meduseld. The new-crowned king looked only a little worse for wear: eyes bloodshot, the barest of dark smudges below his grey-blue gaze. Eomer had demonstrated quite kingly prowess once again upon the field of drink and even now held another horn. 'Hair of the dog' he remarked with a grin when Imrahil's raised eyebrows fell upon the ornate, silver-tipped bone flagon. The young king saluted round. Elfhelm, nearly the same shade of pale as his liege's horn, sipped quietly, without much comment. Suffering just a tad more than the King, the veteran Marshal had decided on a different tonic. His pewter tankard steamed quietly in the cooler morning air and smelled of chamomile. The King of Gondor was himself only very slightly off. A smallish patrol of orcs pounded round his skull. More than passingly familiar with the customs of both kingdoms and having both of their best interests near to his heart, he had previously, and perhaps precipitously, agreed to facilitate negotiations. The mood was relaxed, even a little languid, all enjoyed the warmth of late summer sun upon their faces. If the young Steward of Gondor had a hard time keeping his mind firmly upon the matter set before them well it was the only to be expected. Queen Arwen had asked the White Lady to give her an introduction to Meduseld's impressive architecture. The two strolled arm in arm, hair glinting, raven and wheat-gold, light voices lifted in laughter and excited repartee, once, twice past their gathering. (On their third pass round Aragorn wondered briefly if this was a deliberate distraction, if his Undomiel was playing with them all. Surely not. He caught his wife's dove grey gaze and tried a mock serious glare. It was, appropriately, ignored.) The problem was not the setting, nor the company, nor the nature of the deliberations: settling on a Bride Price took some work after all. It was the complexity of the Steward's holdings that had been the great surprise. To Faramir not least. There had been simply no time to delve into the details of his inheritance before, what with a coronation and a wedding to be organized, a realm to put back on its faltering feet and a funeral to attend. Unsurprising really. Gondor's young Steward had had to wait until the morning after he himself was hand-fasted to plunge into the work in earnest. Now he sat, nursing a small tankard of cider and looking a little stunned and shocked, as Imrahil reviewed for them all the thorough and detailed report assembled by Lord Hurin. Some holdings it appeared the Steward knew; parcels bequeathed to Boromir on his majority, his own lands in Emyn Arnen. Some it appeared he had not. They had all looked at Faramir a little worriedly when the young man burst out laughing. The prospective groom hiccupped and gasped as a stream of helpless tears coursed down his face. The import of that one particular address quickly settled in. Who would have guessed that when Boromir had frequently remarked to his little brother that he was off to inspect the Steward's holdings, he had meant the most lucrative tavern in the 4th? For the former Captain Thorongil the image of abstemious, impeccably correct Denethor making coffers of coin off others' drinking habits was all too rich. When exactly had that been acquired? The heir of Isildur belatedly pictured nigh a thousand years of shrewd Ruling Stewardship. Perhaps they should not be surprised. Eomer-King was himself sufficiently intrigued by this one property to note that if the Steward saw fit to turn over those leases within the Bride Price proper he should not expect them to be the ones customarily returned within the dowry. Faramir merely smiled, and sipped his cider and carried on perusing the extensive list. (Privately, the King thought it a very good sign indeed, that his young friend could derive a little amusement from a memory of his beloved brother.) It quickly became apparent that even if Faramir's ever tasteful peacock of an uncle appeared to be the wealthiest man in Gondor, (dressed even here in blue and silver, discretely embroidered robes) it was not so. The King smiled at the incongruity of it all. The young Prince of Ithilien, so oblivious to clothes and ostentation that he looked habitually more like a badly wrapped package than an elegant and affluent lord, could now afford anything his simple Ranger heart desired. The sheer variety of the Steward's holdings was mind-boggling. Lands in Dol Amroth, Lossarnach and Lebinnin. Farmsteads about the Townlands, horse-breeding farms and orchards. Tanneries. Tapestries. Caskets of gold royals. Two merchant ships on the silk trading route (Imrahil raised his eyes at that). Entire cabinets of vases in Alcarin's distinctive, pastoral style. Exactly one prize Kine. From the sublime to the ridiculous they reviewed it all, bandying the merits of what could be of use to Rohan. The general swift agreement was that horses were not needed. Nor the vases. Aragorn thought he heard his friend whisper 'target practice' to his Uncle but was too far away to be quite sure. The Steward personally found the idea of measuring his future wife's worth in cloth and cows and sheep a tad ridiculous, wondering rather if swords and armour wouldn't be more in keeping with her spirit. But practicality found a way to assert itself: there was a shortage in arms everywhere. No need to divert efforts for the merely ceremonial. Eomer explained to his Gondorian guests that the Bride Price for a woman of the Royal House of Eorl was divided traditionally in three parts. First, the part most familiar to the noble houses of the south, was the wituma geweorc : the goods and money given to her family in recompense for the loss of her labour and her efforts. This had been the focus of their first deliberations. The cattle and timber, wine and silk, sheep and gold would all flow to Edoras some two weeks before the wedding day. The second part, the geoweorþ berendnes , was new to them. Noticing confused blank stares, Eomer, himself just slightly ill at ease, turned to his Marshal. "Elfhelm would you be so good as to explain?" Graced with the sort of homey, weatherbeaten face that was immobile and expressive all at once, the older man's blue eyes narrowed in mild panic for a moment. Aragorn briefly wondered if he would decline. Elfhelm took a quick pull of his drink and cleared his throat, not once, but twice. "Yes Sire. Well…My Lords, it is the price paid to a woman's family for loss of her…ah…fruitfulness." "Fruitfulness?" Imrahil's elegant features twitched into the barest smile. "Could you clarify? Fruitfulness in what? Weaving? Embroidery? Perhaps crochet?" The Marshal flushed to the roots of his thinning, tawny hair. Clearly Imrahil had missed the mark. He shook his head and manfully soldiered on. "Her fertility Prince Imrahil. The loss of her as a dam within the bloodline." From off to the King's left there came a strangled snort. Aragorn was sure he recognized the sound, having heard it from his Steward in council when some Lord or other made a particularly importunate remark. Imrahil, son of the Old Sea Fox and an accomplished haggler in his own right, sat up attentively, grey eyes sparkling with renewed interest. The prospect of additional negotiation was an exciting thing. "And exactly how, Marshal, is the value of this 'fertility' to be assessed?" Oh Valar, he hadn't thought of that. How indeed? Aragorn tried and failed to imagine how it was to be done. The width of her hips? Would he as mediator be called upon as objective judge, measuring tape in hand? Surely this was a case where a King could delegate? Now the older Rider's grin turned wolfish. "The bride's weight in ale, Lord Prince. The groom gifts to her family casked ale of equal weight." The was a pregnant pause. Elfhelm let the image sink in for a longer minute. The Gondorians looked mildly shocked. Eomer-King's handsome face stayed remarkably and impressively impassive. His sister was, after all, just yards away. Under the table the young Rohir's knee vibrated like a bow. The only obvious sign he was enjoying this. It was Faramir who raised the question on all their minds, black brows furrowed in puzzlement. "How is it to be measured?" "The groom by tradition uses the main scales in the market." answered the good Marshal, gesturing downslope toward the unnaturally quiet, central square. "Casks are placed on one side while the bride sits on the other until a balance is achieved." Faramir looked aghast. The full dangerous import was sinking in. "I am not expected to guess am I?" The Steward's voice became a little faint as he looked from one grinning Rohir to another. "Surely not with a hogshead?!" Imrahil and Elfhelm exchanged a knowing look. Both veterans of long and happy marriages, they were well aware of the unfortunate repercussions of overestimation. A hogshead took two or three men to lift. "A kilderkin?" The Prince of Dol Amroth suggested, eyeing encouragingly his nephew. That was a little smaller, though even a strong man might struggle to move it very far. Eomer's smile began to fade. It occurred to Aragorn that the young King had not the slightest idea how much his little sister weighed and had not thought the issue through in detail. The possibility of a diplomatic incident loomed large. Eowyn was a brave and feisty woman. No one wished there to be an upset with her future husband, particularly in the weeks before the wedding. "Surely a firkin." He smiled in relief upon the group. A pony cask, such as the barkeep used below the tap. "Or two?" Faramir shook his head with authority. From the thoughtful, dreamy look within his eyes he had been remembering the few times he had boosted his future bride into the saddle. "A firkin with a smaller pin…" Much better. To a man, they relaxed and sat farther back and sipping contently their respective beverages. Potentially life-altering situation averted. Eomer would ensure that suitable casks were laid to hand and no one need fear the outcome. Aragorn was about to ask about the last issue: the Morning Price, when his Steward raised his hand. "A point Eomer-King." Oh Valar no … Aragorn had heard that tone in council. It never boded well. The young liege nodded warily, fingers tapping slowly on his horn. "My Lord Steward?" "It occurs to me you said her weight in ale. The measurement method you propose is thus not accurate." Four pairs of bleary eyes turned to look at Faramir. Whatever did he