The summer of my fourteenth year I was consumed by one single goal. I wanted to be a squire. My brother Elboron had been. My cousin Elfwine was about to be. Even my elder sister had spent two years in Edoras training with an eored. Though whether it was more for needed training or Mother's sanity I never dared to ask. All the young men I knew were to be assigned somewhere that coming year. It was natural for me to expect to be. I was Faramir, the Prince of Ithilien's youngest son. I would train with my fellows, learn to defend the peace we all so cherished and my family had worked so hard to gain. Thus it was that I had no serious doubts of my success when I finally spoke with my father in the golden light of a late afternoon. We sat comfortably at ease underneath our precious mallorn tree. It was Nórui and the day of my fourteenth birthday. Both full of Cook's chocolate birthday cake (that new and wondrous treat made with a rare paste from far off Khand), Father and I were perusing with delight a history of Dol Amroth Prince's sent by my Great-Uncle Imrahil. Expecting Father's customary thoughtful consideration I remarked that I hoped to train with the Swan Knights if they would have me. Elfwine was going there. I very much wanted to be with him. I remember the startled, worried look upon his face and my haste to explain my plans. I had thought them through quite carefully. I knew he would be concerned with how I should get on (I had, after all, a challenge other the boys lacked, a muscle weakness I could not change). I explained how routines and lessons and armaments could be changed to make it possible. How I could enlist the aid I would surely need. El was used to my affliction and could help with the tasks I could not easily do myself. We would be a team. A well-oiled one. Forged during the long, joyous summers I had spent in Edoras and he in Emyn Arnen. I was dumbfounded at the answer I received. He carefully closed the precious book, set it upon the grass and turned his clear grey eyes upon me. They were my eyes, though mine had a hint of Mother's bluer grey. Sometimes, as then, I found them disconcerting. It felt as if they looked inside my very soul. Gently, but firmly Father explained that it was quite simply out of the question. My hands were too weak to wield a full size sword. To train and ride on horseback for hours at time would fatigue me too very much. I could not bear the weight of the armour I must wear. He was right of course. All of that was quite true and why I had planned so carefully. But 'Out of the question'? It was so unlike him not to listen before passing judgement I was quite simply stunned. The expression in his eyes was agonized, but I did not see it for I was sitting, hands clenched, head bowed, the word 'No' running endlessly around my brain. Whatever else he said did not register at all. I did not speak. My mouth felt glued by bitterness. After a long and awkward silence, sensitive to my disappointment and not wanting to ruin the day, he suggested we speak about it later. I did not nod but in retrospect he must have taken my quiet for acceptance. We rose and walked back toward the house, Father valiantly trying to distract me with tales of boarding parties and Corsair raids Great-Uncle had told him of. I confess that during that first conversation I heard only an obstacle and in my own quiet, stubborn way (for in this I was very like my father's temperament) I set about going around the immovable object to get at what I desired. So it was that two months later I found myself in Father's study, that cluttered but homey space that always seemed so full of possibility. Many great battles had been re-enacted there on cold or rainy days: Helm's Deep if El was visiting or the Pelennor if Fin was around. As the baby of the family it usually fell to me to be the Dwimmerlaik, clothed in Father's dress black cape and a pot upon my head. The incongruity of a Nazgul sporting the White tree embroidered on its chest was lost on us. The battle that day was of quite another sort. "You did what?!" My previous words had finally broken Father's attention from the scroll that he was filling with his enviably elegant hand. The quill was laid aside to join the jumble of its half-trimmed fellows upon the desk. He and the king planned to ride out that afternoon. A last few household matters were being laid to rest. I raised my chin defiantly and set my shoulders back, unconsciously copying a posture he himself had perfected with his own father long ago. Only mine perforce was a little crooked. My back would not hold straight. "I wrote to Uncle Imrahil asking him to take me on as squire." The first bare trickle of perspiration pooled at my nape. It was always hot in Ithilien that time of year. Anyone with any sense had found an excuse to be down beside the River. He blinked and sat back in the dark leather chair, drummed his fingers thoughtfully on its well worn rests. It simply had not registered that I would defy him in this way. At first his voice was steely, that mix of perfect smoothness but unyielding stone I recognized from his role as local magistrate. "Without our knowledge or permission?" "You would have said no had I asked you write the letter." This was quite true but did not help. My forthrightness only served to anger him the more. "With good reason! Theo, how could do you do this? We spoke about it. I thought you understood?" Long fingers picked up a letter from the desk and waved it sharply. "Now I understand why Imrahil has asked to meet with me at Council. He would not say what it was about." Trust my blessed Great-Uncle to be highly circumspect. He had written me back of course, discussed at length how the duties and the training might feasibly be modified for a year or so but not much more. I had no great illusions. I knew I could not train with heavy armour or control a full war horse. But I wanted the lore and lessons and dedicated time to work on what skills I had. Emyn Arnen had too many distractions. Mother's workshop and the garden could swallow all my time if I let them to. Lord Gimli had made me a lighter sword and I was very good with Elven knives. Prince Legolas had gifted me a lighter mallorn bow and even Father had to admit my aim was very good. With El around to help I should be able to manage if I did all the tasks for shorter times. "There is always a way around any difficulty that I meet. You were the one who taught me that. Technique is everything." Deliberately I imitated his more cultured tones, striving to inject a note of lightness. My own accent owed more to Emyn Arnen than to Minas Tirith. In retrospect this was a mistake. He thought I was being disrespectful. The frown across his brows become a glower. "I meant it for everyday things!" he exclaimed loudly. "That you should always try to do things for yourself before seeking help." With difficulty he lowered his tone, unclenched his hands and laid them flat upon the desk. "Theo you have to be reasonable. It is too arduous. No matter how many accommodations Imrahil's armsmaster decides to make you will need to study late into the evening. And at the very least you will be required to take care of your horse and kit. How will you manage a saddle when you cannot always tie your boots without some help?" Valar he was right. Sometimes my tired fingers simply refused to work. But to be reminded in that moment only made my frustration boil the more. I had not imagined Father to ever be so very hard and implacable. In vain hope more discussion would bring him round I tried to lay out the reasons I had rehearsed all summer long. "I am a quick study. I don't need hours of practise to pick something up. I have good muscle memory in what muscle I do have. El will help. He said he would." "What?!" Father caught the implication of my words straight off. "Elfwine knows of this…this crazy plan?!" I hesitated. Of course I had enlisted my beloved cousin in the cause. And my uncle-King. Admitting to the former would not be my sharpest move but still he would find out that quite soon enough. Best to get it over with. I nodded curtly, but had not reckoned with Father's uncanny skill at sussing out the truth. Grey eyes bored piercingly into my own. "Eomer knows as well?!" A mixture of hurt and anger played quickly across the high and narrow face. Valar that last had done it. I was well and truly sunk. "How could you go behind my back this way? How?" He was shouting. This did not happen often but when it did it usually made the recipient want to fall right through the floor. I, more mutinous than abashed, defiantly stood my ground. He was long used to 'Bron's sneaking round to taverns and Fin's waltzing out in overly dramatic huffs. Why should I have to be perfectly biddable all the time? Father rose behind the desk, furious at my continued silence, and crumpled Great-Uncle's letter in his hand. Perhaps I should have cringed. Hardened battle warriors had quailed before that gaze. I did not. "Theomund the subject is now closed" I watched the paper fly disconsolately across the desk to land beside a stack of books. "You are not going. I see I will have more correspondance to complete." The use of my full given name was a warning I did not heed. I was too angry. The whole bloody thing was so unfair and I was going to make him answer for it. "You lied to me!" I cried. "You said I can do whatever I want if I find a way. You said I can do anything I set my mind to if I only try." This hurt. I could see it in his face. "I do not lie young man and I will thank you not to say so." The only thing worse than Father shouting was Father being deadly smooth and quiet. A yawning precipice opened up before my feet. It was time to move back a step. "I did not mean it that way." I mumbled. "Then just what did you mean?" he asked, one black eyebrow raised in pointed, precise enquiry. Bema, I knew that if I entered a game of verbal jousting with Father I would lose. "I do not know." His face softened at my inelegant retreat. "Oh lad, being an esquire is expected but it does not have to be. I would have given anything to have a chance to do otherwise. To not have been forced to be something I was not, bending endlessly this way and that around the difficulties and the setbacks." A momentary pain skittered behind his eyes. "Bending steel too much changes it forever. You have no idea." He swallowed hard. A muscle jumped high on his cheek but he carried on. "You have a chance to focus on your learning. On healing if you are still excited by it. That is why your mother and I, your uncles and the King fought so