"Look out!" My partner's yell came just too late for me to leap as the world dissolved and the ground beneath our feet rolled sickeningly like a wave. A low roiling boom of thunder hit and I stumbled, something hard and sharp grabbing at my ankle. I had just a moment to think 'earthquake?!" before an insistent pair of hands pushed hard upon my back. Cartwheeling, choking on dust and leaf and a metal-tinged thin loam, I tumbled down the slope, coming to rest in the upslope bole of a tree. What in all the fires of Angband had just hit? I righted myself, wincing as I stepped with my right foot. Must have rolled it badly for it hurt the blazes and Morgoth's teeth my boot was ripped. I coughed out what felt like a sackload of grit before looking up through the thin, scraggly pines. My stomach promptly fell onto its knees. The ledge my partner and I had just stood upon was gone. "Malec! Malec! " Heart pounding in my chest I scrambled back to the spot I had occupied moments past as fast as my ankle would allow. The whole space was now filled by giant blocks of grey jagged stone and looked for all the world as if an angry child had just knocked their castle down. The earthquake had clearly made mountain side give way and even now smaller blocks and pebbles pinged and bounced across the top. I coughed. A great cloud of dust floated on the oddly quiet air. "Mal!? Are you there?" I called, over and over, desperate to hear his voice. Time was of the essence: he could be hurt or worse and I felt sickenly certain he was somewhere underneath. It had been his hands that had pushed me from harm's way. Every few feet I paused to listen close, straining to hear through the groaning of the settllng blocks, ducking as the last of the small stones hurtled down. A bare ten feet from where I stood there came a noise. I lunged as fast as I dared for a spot where a longer rectangle of the fissile rock had made a natural lintel of the stone. Without a thought to the consequence I squeezed into the hole as far as my shoulders would take me. It was getting on to dusk. All day it had taken us to lay down a unfollowable trail and leave the putrid floor of Morgul Vale behind, and now so late, with the stone blocking the little light above my head I could barely see. I peered through the dim, dust-filled light and saw something decidedly not grey: a lock of dirty, chestnut hair and a grazed pink cheek. And a pair of blinking, pain-glazed eyes. It was Malec, my partner. Trapped. "Tor… Torgil?" came the shaky whisper… Blessed Yavanna! For a moment I was so elated I thought my heart might beat right out of my chest. 'Here…here I am toren. " I wriggled a little farther, stretched out my arm and touched gingerly at his face. Twisting with care I felt around the little cavern. It was perhaps two feet high but sloped: it narrowed down past his hips to where his knees and legs were lost in the dark. Mercifully Malec's chest and head were free but it was unclear if I could get him out without moving an awful lot of rock. "Can you move? Is your left hand free? " I asked, shoving some smaller lose pebbles and sharper shards away from his face and neck. Along the far side of the space he was pressed right up a giant slab of grey. "I…I can move my hand a little, " came the unsteady breath. That at least was good. His right arm lay under a smaller block and with some cautious shifting and shuffling, and a muffled cry of joy, I freed a forearm . Shaking fingers grasped desperately at mine. "What about your legs?" I asked, heart in mouth. He blinked up sluggishly and a little disoriented and I wondered if he had hit his head. "Can you try?" There came a hesitant nod and after a moment of obvious strain a pained groan sounded and the first note of panic tinged his voice. "I can't move them Tor. I can't feel my feet." Oh Valar. My first thought had been Nienna he is alive. Now, the thought came unbidden: oh Nienna he is alive. Pinned by tons of solid rock. Fighting down a rising sense of panic, I felt cautiously along his chest. His breathing was shallow but did not seem too pained. There were a myriad of smaller cuts on his arm and face and one larger graze that bloomed like a rose against the pallor of this skin. But, alarmingly, it was not the only red in that little space. As I peered at the dusty earth down past his hips an ominous small pool of blood was visible in the dim. I had to get him free and fast. "Mal, " I said, shuffling back carefully , "hang on and I will get you out…" I was far from as certain as I tried to sound. It was a huge mass of rock and quite apart from the weight, the noise of working would be a danger too. We had slipped away from the sentries lower down but who knew what random Orc patrols could still be out? Resolved to try, I took off my cloak and rolled my tunic sleeves up. I knew that to push at the rock from inside the hole might bring the whole thing crashing down: the only hope lay in removing the blocks from up above. At first I made a little bit of progress. Careless of the cuts to my own skin, I grabbed the lose pieces and tossed them off, being careful not to dislodge the larger stones below too suddenly. A satisfying gap in the pile steadily appeared and I worked hard, grunting and cursing at the effort, biting my cheek each time my ankle twinged. I began to gain some hope. I was going to get Malec free and we would find a way to get him home. After minutes of steady effort I was down to the bigger blocks that formed Malec's cavity. I heaved and pulled but could not shift them- they were too big -and I needed greater leverage. Glancing hastily around I noticed branches amidst the stones. Trees! Yes! The fall had taken out the smaller pines on the slope and I could use their trunks. Elated, I yanked one out and carefully wedged its end below the topmost block. Grunting and straining, I pulled down on my makeshift bar. The tree slipped and I stopped to wedge it farther in. Another heave but nothing moved, other than my feet. "Come on you bastard," I pleaded, putting all my weight and every muscle that I had into another concerted push. The blasted tree just snapped in half. "Aiighhh!" I threw the broken end violently into the trees and sat down hard, panting from the exertion. Hot salt rained grief and frustration through my scrawny beard. This obviously wasn't going to work and there was too little time. Even if I left, if I went to find help, Malec would bleed out before any from our company arrived. Our mission had taken us to the farthest range from the refuge that we had attempted in a long while. If I ran it would still take hours to find the closest out-patrols, and more to the point I would be avoiding Orcs the entire way, disguising my trail because I dared not lead them back. The reality was stark. It would still take a day, not hours, to bring help back. Wildly, for a moment I flirted with returning the way we had come. Marching straight back down to the vile Enemy's doorstep and rustling up the help of one of nightmare things we had espied. Please sir can you lend me a troll or two? I have some rocks to move. As if. My arms and legs would be pulled right off before half my sentence had got out. I wanted to howl. Sweet Eru, my best friend was trapped and it looked as if the slide would become his tomb. "Torgil?" A thin, pained voice brought me back to reality with a jolt. How long had I just sat in misery? I forced my panicked heart to calm down, turned and crawled back into the hole. This time, worried about crowding him, I lay flat upon my stomach, letting my long legs stick out of the hole. It was awkward, there were some jagged pieces poking into my ribs, but nothing like his pain. The pool of red was not much larger, he was bleeding slowly, but the wound was frustratingly beyond my reach. As if he caught my thought, a light of knowledge flickered in Malec's eyes. "Tor.. you've got to finish the job. Get word to the Captain 'bout what we've seen." "I can't…" 'Leave you' was what I'd been going to say, but we both knew eventually I would. I swallowed hard. He was right but a few more hours of delay in checking would not matter to the cause. The buildup that we'd seen was so much greater than any of us had feared. "I will Mal, I will," I said, finally. "but first I need to make you comfortable. " Or as comfortable as I could while we waited for the inevitable. "Are you cold?" "Nay, " he lied, but I could see he that he was shivering from shock or chill. I retrieved my cloak and wadded one end to make a pillow, threw the rest across his chest for warmth. "Are you thirsty? In pain?" "Aye.." came the hesitant reply. I reached automatically for what water and bandages I had. Cursed cock of a kinslayer my pack was not on my back! Thinking back, I realized it had not been there when I doffed my cloak. It must have fallen off down below. "Mal, " I said, " I have to go get supplies. They are farther down the slope. I have to leave, but just for a moment. Will you be ok?" "You are going? " Fear and pain leaked out of that normally deep voice. "You will come back?" "Of course…" I reached and squeezed gently at the shoulder I could reach. Touched his cheek briefly when pained eyes turned my way. "Don't go running off for a pint while I'm gone." That at least brought his usual rueful snort. After anxious minutes scrambling down below I found it. The water bottle was there, and bandages, and tucked into an inner sleeve I had stitched myself, a small leather bound vial. Praise Este-the poppy. I had not thought of it before. We were scouts, spies, whatever word you chose to put to it it was the straight out truth. The Captain had issued the precious stuff to us just for this mission. No words, just a grim steady look that said using it was up to us. If we were captured by the Enemy t'was certain we would receive the 'special' treatment reserved for spies. And there were fates much worse than death. I opened the leather case, hurriedly and carefully, buoyed by the knowledge that here at least was something I could do to ease his way. What I found made me swear a streak. The vial was cracked: the thick syrup had leaked out and soaked into the heavy leather. Mal's pack was unreachable and this was all we had. Morgoth's balls. Could fate not pity us a bit? The thought of him in torment from his injuries, dying slowly while I sat by was all too much to bear. I poked a finger into the