HI GUYS! I wanted to make a series of drabbles... percabeth between ages 17 to 30. The first two are "Feeling Normal" and "Her Working Clothes" posted as independent stories (If you want me to add it to this one tell me in the reviews but you can simply click on my profile and find them there) They wont be posted in time line but going back and forth. The rate is going to be mostly T but I'm going to publish M if I feel like it but the chapter will have a notice so you dont read any sexual content without knowing before hand. I hope you like them! PROPOSAL It was a quiet sunny afternoon for a pair of in love demigods. After quite an active morning in bed and a filling breakfast they had taken a short stroll around Central Park and as most Saturdays none of them felt like cooking so they eat something on a small shop, it was all veggie food (which Annabeth loved and she dragged him there often even if he complained) "We need meat to live too, Wise Girl!" He would say but she found kinda odd that this time round when they passed by and she suggested it he obliged without a word and even complimented the food and left a generous tip. They were now curled up in the couch, he was watching tv and she was reading. "We shouldn't have turned the heat off so soon" She commented and snuggled closer to him. Spring was already around but the air was still rather chilly. He got up and went to the closet where they kept their blankets. "Thanks!" She said grateful when he placed the woolen blanket over her. "I understand your language, I could see that coming even before you asked" she grinned and pated beside her for him to sit down. "Do you want something?" He motioned to the kitchen "I can make you tea or coffee?" "What's up with you?" She asked a little suspicious now; she placed a bookmark in the page and closed her book. "What do you mean?" He asked innocently. She squinted at him. "What do I mean? Amazing sex when we woke up, a great breakfast, we walked and eat in my favorite places and now this. What's up?" "Gods, you hurt me! why is so bad of me wanting to keep my girlfriend happy?" He smiled his cocky grin "And seriously when do we not have amazing sex?" She tried not to smirk and rolled her eyes. "This morning was different. Keeping me happy, huh? What do you want Seaweed Brain?" He was a little nervous now. "Gods, nothing! I like spoiling you once in a while, I'll stop if you don't like it" She looked at him still deciding on the situation but then smiled. "You're spoiling me?" He nodded and she couldn't help but laugh. "The offer about tea is about to expire" He said and she shook her head and patted the space in the couch. "Later maybe, come here" He returned to his place and she put her head in his lap and opened her book again. Percy's heart rate was fast since she started questioning his actions and he was trying to calm down while he played with her hair pretending to watch tv, hoping she wouldn't notice. Annabeth Chase was the opposite of clueless and Percy had been acting strange for at least two weeks, she didn't pressure him into telling him for mainly a reason, she would discover it sooner or later on her own. But Percy didn't get like this unless it was close to her birthday but July 12 was a long way still; their anniversary, but they were nowhere near August 18 either; or when it came to Christmas gifts. There was this little thing that could be the reason...but she pushed any thought of it because she didn't want to get disappointed. It had been at least three months when Percy realized it was about time he proposed to her. It took him a while to find the ring. Like, really he went around almost every jewellery place in the island of Manhattan looking for it and even though he had lots money to spend on it and that gave him a wide range of possibilities, he just couldn't seem to find the right one. He ended up buying in it in a really small vintage shop he found completely by chance and he had been carrying it around ever since. After the right ring he couldn't find the right moment, it seem so stupid to just get it in a glass of champagne or just pop the question at dinner, then he started thinking in a really elaborate proposal like a flying plane or a series of puzzles but the first one was so corny it wasn't even their style and the second one was a cool idea because she loved puzzles but he didn't have the wits to come up with it. He even thought about giving it to her underwater but he would have to wait for summer for that and it was too long and he started thinking that Annabeth was going to figure it out sooner or later. She had a thing for getting out surprises out of his mouth. They always talked about getting married when they were younger but Annabeth had completely stopped talking about it at some point and Percy fall into a routine with her and everyday life kinda happened without ever mentioning it again. They worked full time, monsters attacked; they went on dates, monsters attacked, and so on. It was a good life for two in love demigods. He understood now why she had stopped saying "when we get married..." Because they should be already married or at least engaged. This year on August 18 they were celebrating their 8 anniversary for gods sake and that was a lot! And they knew each other for a total of 12. But in reality Percy already felt married to her; he loved her with all his heart and soul, his life span around her. He couldn't remember the last time he woke up without his arms around her. After returning from the war with Gaea they started sleeping together because of the nightmares and once everything went back to normal, they had to finish school so they were forced to sleep separated again, Annabeth stayed in a boarding school in New York to be with him, but it was awful not to sleep with their arms around each other. And then came college and they decided to go to New Rome as Percy suggested but they really couldn't adapt to the roman style; specially her, she loved the place but she was too Greek for their training and their rules and she tried hard for Percy but he realized soon enough and they went back to NYC. They weren't made Roman; they were purely Greek and they loved bonfires and breaking curfews and the beach at Camp Halfblood and sleeping together in the same cabin. And rule breaking was severely punished between the Romans. The first few times they broke rules Frank and Reyna overlooked it mainly because they were their friends but after a doing it several times, ignoring warnings, they had to tell them off seriously because everyone was noticing and it was a dishonor and unfair for the rest. Percy realized that he had spent so little time at the roman camp he didn't even experienced what life there really was; it overwhelmed him too and understood Jason completely for leaving it. They afterwards started in NYU where they decided together they couldn't do separated at night any longer so they moved in together in a small flat they could afford taking part time jobs. They were barely twenty years old. Later Annabeth graduated with honors and stuff as the architect she always wanted to be and he graduated later in Oceanography and Marine Biology, which to be honest wasn't his dream career, he loved the ocean and all its inhabitants but seriously he just did it because he was good at it and that was pretty much all he wanted. They move to a bigger apartment sometime after that, with better salaries and full time jobs for their careers. "Percy!" She pulled him out of his daze. "Sorry, what?" "I asked what are you thinking" She was looking up at him. "Nothing, why?" He rubbed his neck. Her grey eyes were looking at him intently, sparkling curiosity. "You looked very deep in thought" He tried to get the question out, it was on the tip of his tongue, 'marry me, please?' "Its nothing" He managed and smiled down at her "You look lovely" he caress her hair and she smirked. "Are you trying to get me in the mood?" He laughed and looked at her cockily. "I don't know...Are you in the mood? Is it working?" She shook her head, amused. "Keep on trying" He kissed her nose "seriously what is it?" "I'm just...bored" he said and shrugged. "What do you want to do?" Marry you. "I don't know" He replied. "Lets watch that new movie" "Okay, sure" While Annabeth got the movie ready Percy went to get some snacks and brought them in a tray. They closed the curtains for darkness and snuggled in the sofa. "What is it about?" He asked when it was about to start "I don't know, it suppose to be good" She said and smiled at him sheepishly and he kissed her temple because knew it was probably about history or a real story and it was going to be the most boring movie ever. "Annabeth" Percy whispered mid movie, he didn't even know what the movie was about he stopped paying attention as soon as the title appeared on the screen "I think we should get married" He let out fast and cursed himself. "Eh...I mean..." "No" She said turning towards him. "No?" He asked and it was like a stab on his heart. "No" She repeated and Percy stared blanked "For Hades sake. No, ask me properly" She got up and went to their room and close the door a little hard. "Oh gods" He muttered and brushed a hand through his hair. Suddenly too hot and too ADHD to stay sitting down. He paced around a little and pause the movie completely forgotten. He cursed himself again for not getting the question out like he wanted. Looking back now it sounded as if he thought they had to not because they love each other but because it was just the next thing to do, the next thing to cross out from the list. It even sounded like something someone would say to their pregnant girlfriend as if it was the only alternative. Of course she would say no. "Idiot, idiot, idiot" He went to splash cold water on his face, letting it get wet. But when Percy relived the scene a various hundred times in his mind he realized she didn't say no completely, like a final answer 'no'. It was a 'no, not like that', she wanted him to ask her for real. Like she was giving him another chance to make it right. "Annabeth?" He knocked "can I come in? Please?" No answer "I have been thinking about this for three months, for god's sake, I'm sorry" "You know me...I screw everything up" He continued "that wasn't the way I wanted to ask you, I swear. I couldn't hold it any longer and it came out completely wrong" He opened the door slowly and peer inside; Annabeth was 'reading' looking the other way. He knew for a fact she wasn't reading. "You have no idea how many times this has gone through my head and it was the last way I wanted it