Title: The ThreefoldBond Author: Elwa Summary: A dwarf, a human, and an elf. Together it sounds like the beginning of a joke. But this is the story of just such a bond, but it takes place long before they become the fellowship. Meet Aragorn, Legolas, and Gimli as children. Pre-fellowship. Genre: AU Warnings: I do not intend this to become particularly dark, but there will likely be some violence in later chapters in which dark creatures are gorily dismembered and young warriors might potentially be injured. This is also a work in progress, so my writing in it might be a bit sporadic. I have been known to drop a story for months before I pick it back up again. If you find this too annoying, I advise you not to read this until it is marked 'complete'. Rating: PG (for now. Actually, for now it's probably G, but to be safe I'll say PG) Disclaimer: I do not own Lord of the Rings. Author's Note: I am aware that Legolas is much older than I have made him. (I'm not sure if Tolkien ever gives an exact age, but his comments at Fanghorn certainly indicate he is rather old). I am also aware that it is somewhat of a tradition among writers to make elven children age at an infinitely slower rate than humans, preferring to say that their age is equivalent to such and such an age for humans. This seems unlikely to me, though truthfully the only reason I am not sticking to that tradition is because I wanted to make Legolas younger than both Aragorn and Gimli while still making it feasible for him to go on the ring quest. I also suspect Gimli is rather older than I made him. Basically, I played around with everyone's ages to make them closer to each other. This story is AU, meaning that if you notice any discrepancies between my story and the canon text, (and there will likely be a lot, I'm not an expert by any means) then simply assume it's because it's an alternate universe. But let me know anyway, especially if it has to do with language; constructive reviews are always appreciated. Chapter 1 Two Parties and a Feast To say that dwarves never get along with elves is a myth. It is true, they have had many differences of perspective. But there have been mighty alliances between the races in the past; Moria is evidence of that, despite its bitter end. And where companionship is lacking, trading opportunities open many doors. So it was that thirteen dwarves once passed through the halls of Elrond the half-elven, and that meeting paved the way for a longer and fuller friendship. Some twenty years after the dwarves had settled beneath the Lonely Mountain, Gloin returned with a number of his people in the interest of friendship and trade. The timing of this journey proved to be rather unfortunate. These dwarves have little quarrel with the elves of Imladris. This is not true of their relationship with the elves of Mirkwood. Such as those who had arrived almost within the same hour, including none other than the despised King Thranduil himself. Some days, Elrond felt it was not worth getting out of bed. All he needed for this disaster to be perfect was for Mithrandir and another string of adventurers to come along, perhaps a group of reformed goblins. Surely they would be less of a headache than trying to house a party of Mirkwood elves and a faction of belligerent dwarves together, no matter how far apart their guest quarters are assured to be. The worst was when they attempted to mask their hatred in politeness. "Of course I have no trouble residing near our dear forest neighbors," Gloin declared heartily, "It will be a learning experience for all of us. Perhaps when they partake in your hospitality they may even learn something of how to house their guests!" No, of course the dwarf wasn't bitter about that little matter of imprisonment during their quest. All was said with a smile, or at least a resemblance of bared teeth. "I'm sure you won't find Elrond's hospitality lacking," one of the Mirkwood elves agreed, though it wasn't Thranduil himself who spoke, "There must be some room in the cellars among the wine barrels." Elrond strongly resisted turning and fleeing, leaving the two parties on his doorstep to self destruct. He could come back in an hour and nothing would be left to do but a little clean up. "Are you saying dwarves enjoy their drink a bit too much?" Gloin demanded, his tone just short of hostile. He blatantly ignored the barrel jibe. Probably better for dwarves and elves if that whole incident was discreetly forgotten. The elf raised an eyebrow in utter innocence. "I only suggested you would be more at home underground," he said, "Do you believe dwarves to have a problem with drink?" It was at this point that Elrond made a more aggressive attempt to play as gracious host. "I have rooms made up that should satisfy all your needs," he said, ignoring the heated glares and already trying to juggle in his head how to manage the upcoming days. It would be easier if he knew exactly why Thranduil had suddenly decided to grace him with a visit. It was a long way for anyone to travel, let alone a king, and with children no less. He could just make out the boy sitting wide eyed on his pony, surrounded as he was by horses and elves. He was the only one still mounted. The dwarves had no mounts but only because they had already been settled within the hour before the elves arrived. Elrond had just been about to see them to their rooms, in fact, when the sound of hooves ringing over stone announced the second party. Just five minutes was all he would have needed to avoid this entire confrontation. "This is Elladan, my son," Elrond continued, motioning towards an elf who was quite young by immortal standards, though certainly not the elfling who still sat shyly upon his mount, "Let him show you to your rooms and make sure they are to your liking." Gloin nodded, appeased perhaps that he at least warranted a son of his host showing him the way, and Elrond was able to breathe a silent sigh of relief as the dwarves were led out of sight. Only then did he stand properly before Thranduil while motioning for their horses to be taken care of. The young one finally slid from his own mount and was soon lost in the faction of much taller men surrounding him. "King Thranduil," Elrond said, giving a short bow of respect which the king returned in kind, "This meeting is most welcome, though rather unexpected. How fares Mirkwood and its people?" "Tired," the king answered shortly, "The shadows lengthen, my friend." He hesitated for a brief second, before making subtle motions towards his men, and soon two elves stood at the king's side. One had dark hair of similar features to the king himself, and though it is immensely difficult to tell the ages of elves once they pass into true adulthood, Elrond got a sense that this elf was not so very old, probably of similar age to his own sons. The second elf, by sharp contrast, was easy to divine the age of as the top of his head did not come much past the king's waist. His hair was a surprising white to match his father's golden tresses, but his features did not so closely match. "May I present my sons," Thranduil announced, "I believe you have met Prince Sidhodoron." He motioned towards the elder of the two, who inclined his head politely. Elrond welcomed him in return, acknowledging that they had met, though it had been many years since that time. It was hard to be of an immortal race and not, at some point or other, cross paths with most everyone. "And this is Prince Legolas, my youngest son." Here he presented the child, who bowed his head with equal decorum to his elders. Elrond welcomed him as well, then motioned for his own child to approach. "You have seen my son Elladan," Elrond said, referring to the one sent to take care of the dwarves. He purposefully did not elaborate on where Elladan was now, not wanting to remind the elves of the dwarves' presence, but instead said "This is his brother Elrohir." An elf identical to the one who had left stood next to his father. "My foster son Estel is currently with his tutor, but I am sure you will be able to see him at the evening meal. There will be a feast, to celebrate your arrival." And the arrival of the dwarves, but it wouldn't do to say that now. "Now, please let Elrohir show you to your rooms." Thranduil agreed, though there were tumultuous emotions showing behind his eyes. It made Elrond uneasy, but now was not the time to make demands. Thranduil would reveal the reasons behind his visit soon enough. Elrohir led the elves away, the king and the princes in the lead. It was not long before the courtyard was empty, only the stirring of dirt and leaves upon the ground revealing their passing. Elrond could not help but think of it as the calm before the storm. '''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''' Legolas Thranduilion was not the only child to have arrived at Imladris that day. Gimli, son of Gloin also stood at his father's side. He was only slightly shorter than the adult dwarves, a youth on the verge of puberty. Aside from being short even for a dwarf, he had yet to begin to grow a beard, a fact that he did not find pleasing at all. He had many friends of a similar age who already sported a slight fuzziness about their chins while his was as smooth as any infant. But today, it was not his beardless state that had him looking cross. "I don't like it here," he grumbled, holding onto a small war hammer tightly while his father began to unpack, "Cellars indeed. Did you truly find rest within these walls upon your journey?" "Elves may be flighty sorts of creatures," Gloin answered patiently, though there was a warning tone to his voice that his son had better back off and heed his words, "But Lord Elrond is a decent sort. And elves do know a thing or two about music and cloth, I'll give them that." "Is that what we came here for, to trade for trinkets?" Gimli demanded scornfully, "And for this I must be polite among poor company and leave behind my ax and hammers?" "It is a matter of pride to show your manners even with elves," Gloin answered sharply, "And it is cowardly to wear weapons ready in another's home; it shows you fear them. You stay away from those Mirkwood elves and they can stay away from you. What we are here for is too important for an old feud, no matter how well justified it is. We trade for alliances against the darkness, not merely for trinkets, as you say." Gimli nodded in response, suddenly feeling very young and foolish. How could he ever prove himself to be a mature warrior when he quarreled with his elders at every turn, like a child throwing a tantrum when told to put away his toys? Then his father winked at him as he slid a small knife into a sheath hidden up his sleeve and Gimli's grin returned. Of course they should not openly bear arms about this haven of peace, but that did not mean they had to walk defenseless. Gimli should have known his father wouldn't be so quick to abandon his weapons. In truth and despite his uneasy mutterings, Gimli was excited to