Quantum Physics by Mackenzie L. Disclaimer: *Twilight and all its characters belong to Stephenie Meyer She was so beautiful. Sitting underneath the tree in their backyard, Renesmee's hair shone the exact color of the autumn leaves in the noontime sun. The residue of chapstick still shimmered slightly on her pouting lips, and her brown eyes were slightly sunken from the three insufficient hours of sleep she'd gotten the night before. She didn't wear makeup on Saturdays unless she planned to go out. Today she was going to stay home. She had too much studying to do, which was why she now sat beside her grandmother on this autumn afternoon with a textbook open on her lap. Esme was very happy that Renesmee had decided to go pre-med in college. Most other girls who were med students sported the no-makeup look every day of the week. When she was at school, Renesmee somehow found time to decorate her eyes in smoky streaks of black and violet, top them with false lashes, and paint her lips with different colored gloss before each day of class. At first they thought it was just because she liked to stand out. But Esme started to wonder if this shallow obsession with cosmetics went deeper than that. Obviously the girl didn't need any of it, and that was the most frustrating part. With her ethereal beauty, Renesmee's face put shame to those on magazine covers, even without makeup. The obsession with online beauty tutorials was a facade. The makeup was her way of covering herself up; of simultaneously fitting in and disguising her true identity. She used clumps of mascara and layers of foundation as a shield to protect herself from the rest of the world. It was a shame, because she looked so much prettier without it. As she grew older, Renesmee didn't really look like either her father or her mother. It was interesting to see the changes as she developed. Back when she was a child they used to point out specific features that were identical to either Edward or Bella. But now pretty much nothing matched up. Esme wondered if Renesmee had somehow acquired secret control over her genes and had taught herself to bend and shift her own family resemblance. It seemed like something Renesmee would do. She was a rebel to the core. Not that they weren't expecting that. Both Edward and Bella had their moments of extreme rebellion. Becoming parents had calmed them down over the years, but they still found the need to break free from the norm now and again. At the moment, Bella was with Alice at Lake Baikal in Russia. Similarly, Edward was with Carlisle in the Chatham Islands of New Zealand. They'd all been gone for a long time now. Alice and Bella had left 24 days ago, and Edward and Carlisle had been gone for 37 days. When Bella and Edward first shared their plans for a long trip away from home, Renesmee had been in foul spirits and accused them of neglecting to take her on any exciting adventures. Her accusations didn't go over so well with either Bella or Edward. The couple defended their decision to take extended leave on the fact that their daughter constantly complained about them nagging her to the point where she couldn't stand being in their presence anymore. A long, heated argument ensued amongst the three of them which resulted in several speechless grudges, including an unfortunate rift between Bella and Edward as well. In the end, Bella and Edward decided to split their long trip down the middle, leaving with alternate companionship for twice as many days as they'd originally intended. It was the longest any of them had been away from their intended "home," and the distance - both emotional and physical - that it had placed between not only Edward, Bella, and Renesmee, but the rest of the family as well, was devastating. Esme protested the arrangements for a good week after their initial departures. It greatly upset her that Carlisle had been roped into the situation, which put turbulence in his career and nearly cost him a malpractice case before he left with Edward. Then again, maybe they all needed a break from the world - to explore, to reminisce, to regain their balance and get in touch with themselves after years of trying to be perfect for someone else. A month was just a blip in time for a vampire, but Esme sorely missed her family, most especially her husband. Some days it was physically painful to be apart from them, and she made the mistake of blaming her granddaughter for it all. Yes, sometimes it hurt to admit it, but Renesmee's existence often caused more problems for them in the long run. She was their proverbial Helen of Troy. Ever since her birth, she'd caused wars and mix-ups and confusion and tragedy. All unwitting, of course. But for some reason, she was worth it. "I don't get it," Renesmee declared suddenly. That makes two of us. Esme hid her smile and asked, "What don't you get?" "Everything. It's like I read one sentence six times and I still can't understand it. This stuff is fucking ridiculous." The curse words still stung Esme. But she suspected all curse words stung a grandmother's ears. It wasn't as if her own children had the cleanest of mouths on a daily basis, but hearing such phrases from her perfect, beautiful granddaughter sometimes made her sad. Renesmee was a lovely young woman who'd been otherwise soiled by an unfortunate generation. Esme tried not to show any reaction, but Renesmee noticed. The girl winced and rubbed her mouth, as if that could erase the evidence of her bad choice of words. "Sorry. I know you don't like that." "I guess it's how kids talk nowadays," Esme relented. "I usually don't, I promise," Renesmee sighed. "I'm just so frustrated right now." Esme smiled patiently as she set aside her own choice of reading material and tapped the corner of the book in her granddaughter's lap. "So what subject is giving you an ulcer today?" With a comical look of disgust, Renesmee flipped the heavy book cover over to reveal the title "Introduction to Quantum Physics." The bold pink lettering was accompanied by intriguing illustrations of fractals blasting from a what look to be a brilliant quasar. "I see." A sly look crossed Renesmee's pretty face as she gauged her grandmother's reaction. "So... you're smart. How does a black hole work if Hawking radiation doesn't exist?" Esme laughed out loud. "If you think I can help you on this one, you may be out of luck. We vampires are supposed to be beings of supreme intellect, however when it comes to the makings of the universe, we too have trouble wrapping our brains around it." Renesmee frowned and hunched over her book so her hair swung into her face. "I'm never gonna pass this course." "No offense, Ness, but what made you take it in the first place? You're pre-med. Shouldn't you be focusing on biology instead of physics?" "Someone told me I could get extra credits by taking an advanced physics course. It counts towards a math and a science credit. Plus, we didn't have to do a lab in this one. All the bio courses make you take a lab. It sucks." "I hate to say this, but you can't exactly cheat your way out of those labs on the path to med school," Esme pointed out. Renesmee's shoulders sank. "I've noticed. And I'm starting to regret doing it." "Don't say that," warned Esme. "Imagine how shocked Carlisle would be if he came home to find you'd dropped out." "I'd never drop out. Just maybe change my major." A twinge of dread crept into Esme's heart at the suggestion. "Well that would be your decision, but I encourage you to stick with it. You're too smart to give up so easily. Besides, you'd make an amazing doctor." "I don't know," Renesmee shrugged, anxiously picking at the corner of her aged textbook with one finger. "I just have felt especially lazy lately. I don't really feel like working at anything. It's like I lost my motivation or something." Surely the absence of her parents had something to do with that, Esme thought with pity. The corner of Renesmee's textbook was now so abused from her incessant picking that its filmy cover had started to peel off, revealing the soft gray stuff beneath. She tore bits of it out and tossed them into the grass as she spoke. "Sometimes I wish I could give up on everything and go live on a beach somewhere so I'd never worry about anything ever again." Esme chuckled knowingly. "You'd get bored very fast with a life like that." To her surprise, Renesmee smiled. "Yeah, I guess. No problems in paradise." She turned her hand over to inspect underneath her nails. "Speaking of paradise, I can't believe they're finally coming home tomorrow." Esme could hear the longing in the girl's voice when she mentioned her father and grandfather's pending return. It echoed the longing she felt in her own heart to have them back. "You've missed him, haven't you?" Esme asked her, in silent reference to Edward. "I didn't think I would, but I have," Renesmee admitted, almost embarrassed. "It wouldn't be as bad if Mom were still here." "I thought you'd decided to call them by their first names from now on?" Esme asked. Before they'd left, Renesmee had blown up at Bella and Edward with accusations that they didn't treat her like a daughter anymore. As a part of her punishment to them, she'd refused to continue calling them 'mom' and 'dad.' Renesmee shrugged. "Only when I'm pissed at them." Esme shook her head. "I wouldn't do it." "Why not? We're all practically the same age now. It's ...weird." By now the corner of her textbook looked like it had been attacked by a puppy. Renesmee sagged against the tree, looking more like a hopeless little girl than a proud young woman. Esme felt pity for the child, mixed up in this confusing bizarre world of ambiguous ages and criss-crossing time continuums. As far as she was concerned, her lifestyle was way more complicated than any of that quantum physics stuff. "You know when Carlisle first changed me, I felt awkward too," Esme identified. "I'd always regarded Edward as if he were much older than me. Things changed over time. We all got to be on the same wavelength eventually." Renesmee sniffed and straightened her shoulders to look more certain. "I've decided I don't really care if they treat me like a daughter anymore." Through the bitter strength in her words, Esme could hear a muted cry for help. She was heartbroken to hear her granddaughter say these things, to refuse familial pronouns because she was supposed to be an adult. Renesmee was as indecisive as she was stubborn. Each day she changed her mind about the way she wanted to live, always moving in her own beautifully erratic directions, like plasma particles in space. "You'll have to find an appropriate way to tell them that," said Esme. "You'd think they'd just know by now." Esme outright laughed. "Parents never 'just know' anything. We need to be told more than we need to do the telling, trust me." Renesmee smirked. "I noticed." Though she meant it to be joking, Esme found her granddaughter's wry jab disconcerting. "You don't feel patronized by me , do you?" Esme asked after a beat. She shook her head. "No, not anymore." "And Carlisle?" She just laughed while Esme looked on in confusion. "What? You still feel patronized by him?" "It's hard to tell," Renesmee murmured. "I think, in a way, he talks to everyone as if they're his child." Esme didn't really have to think too much on that one. She knew it was