Sepia Tone by Mackenzie L. An exploration of how Carlisle and Esme would handle Renesmee growing up, going off to college, and becoming a woman. *The Twilight Saga and its characters belong to Stephenie Meyer It was just lying on his desk. So unprotected, so vulnerable. In a beam of early morning light that came through the window, it looked as fragile as a mere figment. As if its pages would suddenly burst into flames from the sun's stare. As if one touch from her would send it fluttering into a billion paper butterflies. She knew she couldn't touch it. His journal was off-limits, and not because he didn't trust her. It was because he still needed to keep some secrets from her, secrets that he could control and reveal to her in his own time. She didn't look inside his journal because she respected his need for privacy. Not to mention, he would notice her scent on the pages if she did dare to touch it. But sometimes, on days like today, the temptation was so great it felt like a strong pair of arms pulling her closer and closer. Sometimes she swore it was that God-forsaken journal of his that kept Carlisle a mystery to her after all these years. Esme sighed to herself and stood back, letting her granddaughter enter the silent room. Renesmee's footsteps tapered across the floorboards. Her nightgown swished around her ankles, and her eyes lit up when she reached his desk. Of course, she went straight for it. Of course, she reached out and palmed the leather cover of the untouchable book with her innocent little hand. She turned to her grandmother with a precocious gleam in her too-mature gaze, clutching her grandfather's journal to her chest. "Read to me," she dared. Esme swallowed hard. "Not that." "Why not?" Renesmee quirked a curious eyebrow. "Your grandfather wrote it," Esme offered by way of a meek explanation. Renesmee was entranced. "He wrote a story?" She tipped the book out slightly so she could see the front cover, the edge of it still pressed to her belly. "Many stories," Esme answered honestly. "In here?" Little fingers crept along the corner of the first page. "Don't—" In a flash, Esme's hand hovered above the cover, protecting it from her granddaughter's prying fingers. The girl looked hurt and confused by her reaction, and Esme quickly tried to console her. "These stories are... secret." Slowly, she managed to pull the journal from Renesmee's hands. "Have you read them?" Renesmee asked. "No," Esme replied softly as her hand cradled the leather binding. "But I've lived many of them." Renesmee paused to consider this, and as Esme expected, she interpreted it as a proposition. "Will you share them with me?" the little girl begged, hopping up to make herself comfortable in the chair behind his desk. "Please?" Esme had shared many stories with her granddaughter. The story of how Edward became her son. The story of how Edward fell in love with Bella. The story of how she was born. But these were stories that Renesmee already knew. All it took was one request from the little girl, and Esme accidentally started telling the story about how she met Carlisle. She did not spare a single detail, from the way she felt climbing to the top of the tree, and how she'd felt when he touched her leg with his bare fingers for the first time. And she was somewhat flattered when she opened her eyes and found a look of complete rapture on her granddaughter's face. "Did he kiss you?" "What?" Esme's breath caught, surprised by this sweetly whispered assumption. Renesmee's big beautiful eyes blinked, moist with hope. "After he fixed you? Did he kiss you?" Esme smiled wryly to herself, considering the unspoken truths hiding behind the question. "A very, very, very long time after," she conceded, circling her kneecap with her fingers. "Yes. He did." -}0{- There was really no appropriate or fathomable way to describe true love to a little girl. Esme wondered if Bella had ever tried to explain her relationship with Edward to their daughter. How could one succeed at conveying such a complex explanation? It was a tiny bit painful to watch Renesmee mature so quickly, her mind miles ahead of her age, endlessly inquiring after things she couldn't understand yet. Renesmee was frustrated by the concept of love—the kind of love she saw between these beautiful vampires who raised her. It was evident in the kinds of questions she asked. She had the curiosities of a pubescent girl, but the filter (or lack thereof) of a seven-year-old. She was the source of much amusement to the family during that time in her life. Esme took it upon herself to relieve some of the awkwardness that no one else was willing to face. She had brutally honest conversations with her granddaughter about the nature of mated vampires and what such a relationship might entail for her one day when she was ready. It was a minor source of contention with her husband. Carlisle was certainly not a prude, but out of all the men in his immediate family, he was the least fond of discussing explicit subject matter in a setting that was not strictly clinical. It was a bit ironic, but then again, almost everything Carlisle did had some amount of irony to it. Sometimes while looking into his eyes, Esme could see the pages upon pages of poetry books he had read, juxtaposed indecently with the cold, sterile text of his medical tomes. Sometimes while staring at him, for a split second she would see the color blue instead of the color gold. When she was a young girl she'd thought he looked otherworldy, but once she became a vampire too, her thoughts of him changed. Carlisle had always looked more human than the others. Maybe it was his softness, his tame and gentle nature. Still, she couldn't understand why that certain part of Renesmee's human nature seemed to frighten him. As Renesmee matured, she became more interested in her grandfather's past. In fact, she became more interested in Carlisle in general. He was a figure of authority to be respected, not because he demanded respect, but because he did everything but demand respect. It was like he'd turned around one corner and instead of facing a toddler, he was facing a teenager. It happened so fast, her growth. It took them all by surprise, especially him. Renesmee had become a brilliant young woman with an open and curious mind. Esme was so damn proud of her. -}0{- A week before her high school graduation, Renesmee came to visit her grandparents. Esme made her a cup of sweet tea and they talked about all her future ambitions together. It wasn't until Carlisle came into the room when Renesmee proudly announced, "I'm thinking about med school." The look of utter surprise on Carlisle's face was hilarious. He'd pretty much scooped her up and hauled her over to his study after that. It was strange watching them interact now, both young adults, both intrigued by the same things, both nearly on level with intellect and eloquence. It seemed just minutes ago, Renesmee had been sitting on his lap beside the snowy window while he read her fairy tales, his deep voice a counterpoint to the hesitant movement of his hands. Now he was reading her research papers on emergency medicine, and she was still hanging on to his every word. They stood in that same window where they used to read fairytales together, only it wasn't snowing out today. It was drizzling lightly, but there were still very bright, choppy bits of sunlight on the glass. The light framed their silhouettes and made them look like a vision from a dream. Esme watched them from the doorway, shocked by how much Renesmee looked like Bella now. Her long hair cascaded down her back in endless curls, fire-red where it caught the sunlight. She dressed like the modern teenager she was, in low-rise skinny jeans and a flowy sort of top that fell off her shoulder on purpose. She had a scrunchie tied around her wrist, and dangly earrings that made annoying clinking noises whenever she walked, and she was wearing mascara and some kind of violet eye shade that made her look so stunningly mature. And just beside her was Carlisle, looking just as college-age in his celtic green polo and khakis. He turned to his granddaughter, who really looked more like his classmate at the moment, and they shared a laugh over something. Then he glanced across the room and saw his wife watching, and he smiled; his reverent, Roman countenance all golden in the sun. That was the day Renesmee decided what she wanted to do with her life. She wanted to be a pediatrician. Carlisle was overjoyed. -}0{- She went pre-med at Bryn Mawr College. Edward and Bella bought a home in the Philadelphia suburbs, and Carlisle and Esme followed suit within a few months of her enrollment. She accused them all of "stalking her," and gave them the cold shoulder for about a week. Edward's insistence that she live under the same roof as him and Bella for the first year didn't go over too smoothly with his independent daughter either. But she still obeyed her father, even if she threw a fit about it every other night. Edward still had many dues to pay. Every once in a while Renesmee would call her grandfather for help writing a paper, studying for an exam, or getting on a professor's good side. (She didn't dare give Edward the satisfaction of asking him for advice.) She called her grandmother for help with boys. She could have asked her mother for that kind of help, but that would have been awkward. Esme didn't mind those sorts of calls one bit. One young man in particular who had Nessie's little heart on a string was named Aaron. He was her lab partner in organic chemistry and he was an exchange student from Australia. He had long hair and tan skin, and he spoke with an accent. Esme immediately understood the reason behind her granddaughter's infatuation with the boy. He was exotic, coming from a land of constant sunshine, a place Renesmee knew very little about. Not to mention, he was utterly ordinary in every other way, and this more than anything was bound to attract the most abnormal girl on campus. Even so, Esme was happy to have some small part in the drama of her granddaughter's life. It was the first day of October when Renesmee first called for advice about Aaron. "What does it mean when he avoids eye contact?" she asked. Esme took her best guess. "He doesn't want you to see how he really feels about you." "Do you think he hates me?" Esme laughed, incredulous. "That would be impossible." "You have to say that. You're my grandma." "That doesn't make what I say any less true," Esme replied. Renesmee giggled and muttered a "whatever," which was really a "thank you." Their talk, though short, must have given her confidence the boost it needed to pursue a relationship. Aaron and Renesmee ended up dating for a month. Jacob was quiet about it after he first got word, but he still supported anything she did. Jacob and Renesmee had their own lives for the most part, and were happy living separately as friends. They communicated through Facebook every week or so, and they celebrated each other's achievements as good friends were expected to do. Jacob learned about Aaron and Renesmee's tentative falling out while browsing his Facebook history one day. He called Esme about it just to check and make sure Ness was taking things okay. Beneath his brotherly guise of concern, Esme could tell he was secretly thrilled about their parting. In some ways, she was too. Ever since