AN: Hello everyone. This is my first lord of the rings fanfic. After recently watching the hobbit movies, I went back to watch LOTR movies and I just had to write a story. Also, I would like to say that there are thousands of fanfictions out there and I didn't read them all. I apologize in advance if my story is similar to anyone's and know that I do not intend to copy anyone's work here. And this may disappoint you but this is another among many stories where a girl lands in the middle earth. Also a Legomance. Legolas/OC. All I wanna say is this is just for fun. You may not want to read it but if you do and you like it then please let me know about it. A little encouragement is always nice while writing a fanfiction. This will follow the movie storyline. I never read the books. I'm sorry for all the grammatical and overlooked spelling mistakes. And do I even need to say it out loud that I don't own lord of the rings or any of the characters in there. I just own the OC. Last but not the least, I really hope, you'll give this story a chance. Chapter 1: A Troubled Mind An old Victorian style manor is standing alone in the outskirt of London. An old woman in her eighties is sitting alone in her armchair and quietly sipping from her cup of tea. It was a peaceful moment but the old woman wasn't at peace at all to say the least. She was very very troubled. A heavy sigh escaped her breath. She seemed to be waiting for someone. Someone who might help creasing her trouble a little bit. Right then the doorbell rang and the old woman suddenly became very restless. She hurriedly walked over to the door and opened it. "Oh Arnold. So glad you could come." The old woman held the man's hand and brought him inside the door. He appeared to be in his early fifties. "Lily, is everything alright? You sounded really worried over the phone" said the man Arnold with concern in his voice. "I am indeed." The old woman Lily settled down back in her armchair again. Arnold took the chair across from her. Patiently waited for the old woman to speak up. What is bothering her so much? "It's about Katherine" said Lily heaving out a deep sigh. Katherine is her granddaughter. Actually her only granddaughter. "Is she alright?" asked Arnold worriedly. "I honestly don't know. She didn't shred a single tear at her father's funeral, Arnold." The old woman spoke anxiously. "It's like she feels nothing. Nothing at all." "Or maybe she's very good at hiding her emotions Lily. It's not the first time something tragic happened in her life. Katherine's been through a lot given her young age. She's after all only a nineteen years old girl." "Yes, Arnold. I agree. When her mother died-" the old woman drew a sharp and short breath. Nine years but it still hurt to talk about her daughter Sharon's death. Her death was so untimely and unthinkable. A terrible accident. It happened suddenly and shook everyone in the family. Specially Katherine who was with her mother when she took her last breath. Katherine could have died too but god kept her alive. Her father Christopher wasn't the best father in the world but he certainly wasn't the worst. He remarried another woman after a year but never abandoned Katherine. He looked after her as much as he could. And as much as Katherine allowed him too. It wasn't an easy task at all. Katherine became quite a different person after her mother's death. Most of the time isolating herself in her room. Not coming out and never letting anyone in. However with passing time, Katherine let go of her mother and moved on with her life with a slight change in her personality. Well that's what everyone thought. Death of a loved one is bound to change a person. No one thought much about it. Until now. Just recently her father died as well. Of heart attack. But this death didn't affect Katherine at all. If anything, she seemed to be relieved that the man would now finally stop hovering over her. Katherine was so careless about it. About everything else as well. So unapologetic. And appeared to only care about herself. As if no one else mattered to her. Katherine didn't feel anything for anyone. Her behavior couldn't be ignored anymore. Lily, her grandmother, couldn't help but seek out professional help for Katherine. Ever since she took Katherine in after her father's death, the mere air about her disturbed Lily greatly. Something was definitely wrong with Katherine. Something was definitely not right. How could she be so void of emotions and feelings? Katherine certainly wasn't the innocent sweet girl anymore that everyone adored. She's still loved but it seemed like she is a poisonous serpent beneath her flower like appearance. The real question was how much damaged was she? "Katherine's mother's death tormented her a lot. But she learned to cope with the pain. At least that's what I believed" said Lily sighing out heavily. "Do you believe otherwise now?" asked Arnold. His voice full of concern. Arnold has known Katherine since she was a little kid. He was their family friend and doctor. Arnold adored the girl as if his own daughter. "Yes, I believe otherwise now. She didn't learn to cope with her pain at all. She simply abandoned all her emotions to escape from it. Her father died right in front of her eyes and from what I heard, she couldn't careless about it. I didn't believe it at first but now that I'm seeing her with my own eyes, I don't see a glimpse of grieve in her. Arnold it's not normal." Sighing out a little Arnold said "Lily, I think you're thinking too much about it. I am her doctor. If something was wrong with her even if emotionally, I would've known about it. Katherine is just strong. She knows how to handle grieve well. That's all." Arnold defended Katherine modestly. He couldn't think anything negative about the girl. Lily suddenly lost her patience. She snapped at Arnold because he couldn't or wasn't trying to understand what she was trying to say to him. "To tell someone upon asking 'if she still misses her mother?' that she was actually glad that it was her mother who died in the car accident and not her is a sign of strong personality?" questioned Lily with absurd tone of voice. "Come on Arnold. You can't be that blind to her emotionless state. She simply lacks empathy." "What are you saying Lily that Katherine could be some kind of a sociopath?" Dr. Arnold Williams said that with utter disbelieve in his voice. Katherine is a perfectly charming girl. Well behaved. Owned a kind heart. He couldn't believe Lily, her own grandmother was saying something like that. "At the funeral people were so surprised by her lack of grieve that some started saying that she killed her father. And you know what after living with her for a week now, I wouldn't be surprised if she really did it." "Lily" Arnold gasped in horror. "How could you say such a thing?" "Arnold, please-" the old woman said impatiently yet with pleading tone of voice. "I know how this sounds. I need you to help me. Maybe I'm wrong. Maybe Katherine is fine and all this is in my head only. I'm an old woman after all. But please, for the peace of my mind, see if she's really alright." Lily sighed out heavily. So did Arnold. "I love that girl Arnold. She's the daughter of my most beloved daughter. I wish her all the happiness in the world." "I know Lily. I will do everything that I can do to help if something is really wrong with her. But I still doubt it highly." "Thank you Arnold. Thank you very much." "I know of a good psychiatrist. I'll make an appointment for Katherine. Speaking of her, where is she?" asked Arnold, looking around the house. "She has gone out for a walk. But should be returning soon" said Lily glancing over at the wall clock. "Does she still like staying locked up in her bedroom?" asked Arnold inquiring about the girl's well being. "Actually, now she is becoming an outgoing person suddenly" said Lily with not so pleased tone of voice. "Well that's good news" said Dr. Arnold. "For some unknown reason, I don't share your opinion Arnold" said Lily. Arnold shook his head in disapproval. He's quite sure Lily is just overreacting. Shortly after that conversation ended, the front door opened and a young girl walked inside the household. Her eyes immediately fell on her family doctor. A soft smile graced her lips. "Arnold, what a pleasant surprise!" taking off her slightly wet coat since it was raining outside, Katherine walked over to him and gave Arnold a bear hug. The good doctor hugged her back. Smiling down at her affectionately. "How are you Katherine?" he asked with genuine concern. "I'm doing well" said Katherine with soft tone of voice. Sorrow took over Arnold. Such a nice girl. But life is so unfair to her. "I'm really sorry to hear about your father." Katherine only nodded to that. She didn't know what to say. Lilly said there was no grieve in Katherine but Arnold clearly saw sadness in her eyes. Lily has clearly become old. The said old woman was observing their conversation like a hawk. Arnold ignored that and paid attention to Katherine. "I am sorry I couldn't attend the funeral. I was abroad at that time. Actually I just returned yesterday." "It's alright Arnold. I understand. And thank you for coming to visit me here. I mean that's why you're hear right?" asked Katherine. Arnold missed to see the narrowing of her eyes for a second which Lily didn't. Katherine was clearly being suspicious of Dr. Arnold's sudden unannounced visit to her grandmother's house. "Of course. I came here to see you." It wasn't a complete lie. Katherine gave him a broad smile. "You must have dinner with us. What do you say grandma?" Katherine looked at her grandmother for approval with a nice smile. "Yes, Arnold. You must" said Lily. Dr. Arnold nodded his head. Agreeing to it. Mostly because he wanted to observe Katherine for himself before making an appointment to a psychiatrist. "Okay if you insist. But you must let me help you with cooking dinner then." "Done" said Katherine grinning happily. "You make the best lasagna." At the dinner table, Katherine and Arnold were pleasantly conversing about everything and anything while Lily only observed them carefully. Seldom joining in. Eventually Katherine told Arnold how miserable and hollow she was feeling from inside after loosing her beloved father. She even cried on his shoulder. Real waterworks when she didn't shred a single tear the entire week. Arnold consoled her with a heavy heart. He really felt sorry for the girl and wished to lessen her pain. But alas there wasn't anything he could really do. Only time could heal her wounds. At the time of departure, Lily asked Katherine to pack a little food for Arnold to take back home. It was actually an excuse to get her out of the room. "Arnold what do you think?" asked Lily with whispered tone of voice. Arnold literary glared at Lily. "Lily, honestly I think you're the only one who has gone crazy here. How could you possibly think anything remotely bad about that poor girl? Katherine is already in a lot of pain. Take my suggestion and don't give her a hard time by making her sit through sessions with psychiatrists. It would hurt her a lot and will probably do more damage than good."