HOSTAGE "Bella, run!" I yelled as loud as I could. I couldn't believe we had gotten into this mess. I promised myself I would never love any one and this was the exact reason why. When you love someone, they're you're only life, and if anything happens to them, then nothing can withstand the power of the heart wrenching pain that you feel. If I didn't love Bella, if we acted the same way as we very kids, none of this would have happened, but I won't regret it. Bella is my love, my life now, and there isn't one thing in this fucking world that I wouldn't do for her. I struggled with my chains as I saw those fuckers pick my Bella up and take her away. "Bella!" I yelled even louder, desperately trying to get out of my chains now. They had my wrists shackled together and attached to a wall above my head so my feet weren't touching the ground, forcing all the weight of my body onto my arms and shoulder. The shackles were so tight that they were cutting into my wrists, blood dripping down my wrists, down my arm and splattered all over my shoulder. My feet were also shackled but not together, they were attached to the opposite wall so they were spread out. I looked at my body and almost gagged. I had no shirt on. You couldn't tell the color of my skin because they were covered in blue and purple marks with gashes of blood everywhere. All I had on was my ripped, faded pair of jeans on. That's not all you would want to wear when your trapped in the basement of a building and it's minus whatever degrees. I looked up and couldn't see Bella any more. I cracked and I broke down then started to cry my eyes out. I heard a metal door being opened and a large metal lock being unlocked. I looked up and grimaced and immediately stopped crying; it was Felix. "Where the fuck is Bella?" I spat at him with all the energy I had left in my body, and started to struggle again. "If I were you, I wouldn't do that, Cullen" he said, turning the rope he had in his hands around. When I saw it, I grimaced again. This was the same rope they use to whip me with the first couple of days I was here. I tried to keep the pain off my face as I remembered how they whipped me with it but Felix noticed. "So, you remember, Cullen?" he asked as it was a simple, ordinary question, and not the tortuous reminder it was for me. "Of course I fucking remember, you can't forget something like that with ease, fucker." I hissed at him, narrowing my eyes. "Oh no Cullen, I was going to be nice to you but it seems like you haven't learned your lesson." he said as he came to stand right in front of me. Before I knew what he meant by that, he punched me in my right eye and jaw. I howled in pain and started to spit all the curse words I could think of at him. "Shut the fuck up!" he hissed at me "I wasn't going to use this, but now it seems like I have to." he said as I eyed the rope in his hands. He took the rope over his shoulder and whipped me with all this might. I only lasted a couple of blows before I started to black out. The last thing I remember before I blacked out fully, was how Bella and I acted toward each other when we were kids and how I desperately regretted it. Flash back "Mommy tell ella to give it back" I whined. Bella, or I called her ella , just took my cookie and I wanted it back. She already had hers and now she was after mine. "Bella, did you take Edward's cookie" Uncle Charlie asked me. My momey and Uncle Charlie are very good friends. They have been friends since they were little and so now i am forced to stay with Bells, uncle CHarlies daughter. I like Uncle Charlie! He always gives me chocolate when i come over and he has a neat police car with this light on the top which makes so much noise. I don't like Bella though, she is so mean! "No, Eddy bear took mine, daddy, I swear!" she said pointing at me. I looked at her for I didn't like being called eddy bear. I couldn't believe it, she already ate her two cookies and the one she took from me and finished them off. I felt tears at my eyes. That was my cookie! I shook my head "No, she took mine, I am not lying, she's lying!" I said as I pointed back at Bella, trying hard not to cry. If I did, Bella would call me a baby and I wasn't one, I was a big boy; five years old. "This is getting to be too much." Uncle Charlie said and left the room. "Awww, its okay baby Eddy bear, it was just a cookie, no need to cry." she said as soon as he left the room. "I'm not crying, you're so …so…stupid!" I finally said. I had no idea what stupid meant, but I heard my friend Emmet say it once to someone and he got really angry so I figured it wasn't a nice word. She looked at me and started to cry. Oh no, how could she have know what that meant? I'm couple of months older then her and I didn't know what it meant. Bella started to cry louder and I knew I had her to be quiet before I got in trouble "Bella…shhh…shhs. I didn't mean it." I said frantically, trying to make her stop crying, knowing I would get in trouble. "C'mon ella, please?" "Edward?" my mom called from behind me and I knew I was to late. "Yes, Mommy?" I asked, looking at the floor. "What happened?" she asked as she came to stand beside the table. Bella immediately jumped off the chair and ran to her, crying. "What happened, sweet heart?" Mommy asked as she picked Bella up. "Ed…Edward…said...I…was stupid!" she accused, crying wildly. Momy always cared for Bella. She said that she was like her mommy because she loved her to and she promised her mommy that she would watch out for her like Aunty Renee does for me. Mommy said that i had to proetect her and watch out for her too. But i don't want to. I don't even like her! My mommy looked at me and I knew I was in trouble. She put Bella down and turned toward me. "Edward Anthony Cullen, go to time out right know. Ten minutes." she said, pointing towards to the naughty jail. "But…but… you didn't even let me tell you what happened!" I said as I tried to find a way out of the time out. I hated it. "No but's mister, if I ever hear you say that word again, you'll be in bigger trouble, now march!" she said. I sighed and looked back at Bella, narrowing my eyes at her. It wasn't even my fault, she was the one to start it! I slowly made my way to the naughty jail and sat down on the chair. Ready to sit there, until I heard Bella. "Leave me alone, it's all your fault!" I hissed at her. She smiled and rolled her eyes. "See? I always get what I want, Eddie bear." she said, sticking her tongue out. I wanted to call her stupid again but I knew that would just get me more in trouble. So I just turned my chair around. "I hate you so much, you're the ever! Don't come near me again/" I said as tears slid down my face. "I hate you, too. And you're the ever!" she yelled at me and ran away. I hated Bella so much! Why did she have to be uncle Charlie's daught? What did I do to deserve her? I hated her so much! END OF FLSH BACK I was jolted awake. I had a searing pain in my eye and chest and faintly remember being whipped. The room, or chambers, looked liked was different. I looked around for Bella and panic overcame me when I couldn't find her. Where the hell did they take her? When I tried to move, my arm were pulled back and I looked up, my arms and legs where shackled together and attached to the wall, but this time my feet were on the ground so it didn't put too much pressure on my shoulders or arm. I heard the metal door being slid opened, and tensed up, but relaxed a bit when I noticed it was a Alec. He was one of the nicer one of the guards. "Cullen, you awake." he whispered to me. I tried to talk, but all I could manage was a broken nod and a low groan. My throat was parched dry and I was starving. I lost count of how many days I didn't eat because of being whipped so badly but I was begging to think more then three days.. "Here, drink this, it'll make you feel better." he said. He stepped closer and tipped my head back and gentlly poured the liquid in my mouth. The water burned and stung because my throat was so raw but I couldn't help myself form chugging the whole glass down; I was so fucking thirsty. He stepped back and looked at me "Damn Cullen, what did they do this time?" I looked at him. What the hell did it look like to him? Getting a little energy from the water, I was able to speak. "What the hell do you think happened, Alec? I didn't even know what the fuck I did this time. All I did was curse at Felix because he was provoking me and he started to whip me and the weird thing is, I curse at him all the time and this is the first time he whipped me with that damn rope." I said through clenched teeth. When I got out of here, Felix is the first fucker to go from my list. "Hang in there Cullen," he said and turned around to leave. "I'll bring food later." "Wait Alec," I said. "Where's Bella?" I asked. All Alec did was shake his head. "Forget about her Cullen, she's the only reason you're here." he said. I started to lose my temper but calmed myself remembering Alec was the only person in this hell hole to try and help me. "Please Alec. Please, try and help her out!" I begged, finally defeated. I would do any thing to help Bella out. "Why do you care?" he asked with a raised eyebrow. "When you love someone, you would do anything for them." "You know if I ever got caught trying to help her or even talk to her, they would kill me. I'm not assigned to be with her, I'm here for you. " he said "Fine Alec, transfer yourself, get someone else assigned to watch me, just help her, and make sure she's safe, please." I said, begging and looking down on the floor. "But if I transfer myself, they'd probably kill you, especially if it's Felix." He said, concerned. I looked at him from the floor and forced a small smile. "I would risk my life for hers in a heartbeat." I said honestly. He shook his head and started to leave again. "Please, Alec please, do me this one thing and just help her out." I said in a broken whisper. I had no energy left to argue and felt like I was slipping back into a coma. "I'll see