I spend most of the morning in the Hob, trading my crocheted afghans and knitted wears for soups and bits of game or bread. I try to occupy my mind away from the Reaping, which is only a couple hours away. I see Haymitch across the road as I trot out of the Hob, a sack full of food and items dangling over my shoulder. He looks no more disheveled than usual, his dirty blonde hair swept to one side, wearing his favorite shirt, filthy with holes. He smiles as I wrap my arms around him, but I can tell from his stiff embrace that he isn't fully with me, his mind is on the Reaping as well. He grabs my hand and we walk away from the square back toward the Seam, where we live only a few houses down from each other. "I found something you might like," he says. I can tell he is trying to sound as cheerful and carefree as he can possibly muster, but his words are stony and far away. I crack a smile as we stop in the middle of the road, where the cobblestones stop and rough, loose gravel begin to shift under my boots. "Close your eyes," he says softly, the gentleness returning somewhat to his voice. A peck on the lips, and a cold, heavy object is placed in my hand. I open my eyes and see a bracelet, curled up in my palm, tarnished from wear, but still shiny under the barely showing rays of sun. It looks like it has been worn, and loved dearly, in its days before it made its way to me. Delicate flowers, each petal crafted differently from the next, cling to each other, making a circle that fits perfectly around my thin wrist. I do not realize how long I have been gazing at it, trying to memorize its every intricate detail. "How much did this cost you?" I ask, half scolding and half admirable. Haymitch just shakes his head and kisses me again, this time longer, as if the Seam and all of District Twelve has disappeared, and we are suspended in the moment. I feel his lips curve up into a smile. Then a voice comes from the window beside us, jerking us back into the sooty, smoky reality we live in. "Eden, the bath water is getting cold!" My mother shouts from the house. It is time to get ready for the Reaping. Whatever color that had returned to Haymitch's face has receded, and that worried, disconcerted look has replaced the small smile I had felt against my own. I smile at him sweetly, and brush the back of my hand across his cheek. He seems to melt at my touch, his body relaxing slightly. "Make sure you shave this," I say playfully, scratching his scruffy whiskers, as if I were scratching the chin of a shabby cat. I believe I hear him purr softly before my mother shouts from the window again, beckoning me inside the house. I give him another quick peck and go inside the house, shutting the door behind me. I step to the window, pull back the old, lace curtain, and watch Haymitch walk to his own house, his hands shoved deeply into his pockets, his head down, peering at the ground as his dusty-covered boots slide across the gravel. The Reaping always made him uneasy, not sure of what would become of his family, his mother and younger brothers, if his name were to be plucked out of that large glass orb. I guess I am under the same circumstance, it only being my mother and my little sister, Poppy, left fatherless after the mine collapsed nearly a mile underneath us, but I shove it to the back of my mind. This will be Poppy's first Reaping. It will be my fifth. I sit in the tub until the water turns cold, the hairs on my legs beginning to stand up from the chill, dirt starting to settle from my body. I pick at my fingernails, trying to rid them of the dirt and grime that build up so quickly from living in such a grimy place. My mother is brushing Poppy's hair, so bright and blonde, almost white when the sunlight hits it just right. She is the spitting image of my mother, fair and slender, nearly as tall as I am, with high cheekbones and a perfect pointed nose. I look more like my father, broad shoulders, black hair, icy blue eyes. My mother has laid out a dress for me on the bed, a muted blue, almost grey frock that ties in the back. Not very flattering or special in anyway, but perfect for a day that was notorious for breaking so many families, so may hearts. In the forty-nine years that the Games have been held, District Twelve remains victorless. The Reapings hold no hope for us like in some other districts. It is always a funeral, and we all have to attend. My hair is wrapped tightly around itself in a bun on the back of my head, Poppy's is braided intricately, twisting and intertwining into a coil. She is very brave as she grabs my hand and leads me out the door, to possibly meet our own fates. This year's Reaping will be special. On an ordinary Reaping, one boy and one girl would be chosen as tributes, but during the Second Quarter Quell, there are to be four chosen, two boys and two girls. If the odds are not in our favor, Poppy and I could both be chosen, and only one of us might have the chance to return home to our mother. We stand in a crowd surrounded by girls, some of them older than me, but most of them younger, Poppy holding on tightly to my arm as we wait for the buzz of the microphone to come alive. I crane my head to the other side of the crowd, looking desperately for Haymitch. I find him, standing near the front on the opposite side of the sea of people, his hands still in his pockets and his gaze still aimed toward the ground. Click click click click . A woman from the Capitol strolls out onto the front steps of the Justice Building, wearing seven-inch bright orange heels, and a tall, curly wig that matches perfectly. The wrinkles under her eyes and around her thin mouth say she is in her fifties, but her choice of outfit, a tight pencil skirt that barely covers her rump and a flamboyant, cotton-candy colored blouse that buttons just above her nipple line, says she would rather be much younger. Although the situation of possibly being called as tribute is frightening, I stifle a giggle as she opens her mouth and drones in her perky, Capitol accent. "Happy Hunger Games!" She says in a squeakish voice, positively delighted. "And may the odds be ever in your favor." The look on her face says that no matter how many times that phrase has passed her lips, it would never be enough to pacify her love for it. "As usual," she says, clicking over to the large glass bowl on the left of the stage, "Ladies first." She reaches her hand deep into the bowl, and pulls out a small piece of paper. I hold my breath. "Maysilee Donner." Nobody makes a sound. People shuffle around to the side of me as a girl, around my own age, passes in front of me to make her way up to the stage, to her funeral. I recognize her, but she is as good as dead now. The Capitol woman grabs her hand and helps her up the steps. It seems that her legs barely work, moving in sluggish, jerky motions, as shock strikes her face as she stares into the crowd from the stage. "And for the second female tribute," the woman says, reaching her hand into the bowl a second time. "Astrid Kingsbury." I exhale slowly as a girl near the front steps out of the crowd. I hear Poppy gasp and she squeezes my hands, cutting off circulation to my fingers. She whimpers slightly as the small girl climbs the stairs to stand with the other female tribute. The girl is no more than twelve years old, wearing her hair in two braids that fall down her back, her face gone white in horror. I hear a small sob escape from my sister's mouth. I recall Poppy talking about her friend Astrid, and how they play together and make necklaces out of flowers. They are, or were, best friends. The two girls stand at the edge of the stage, side by side, staring blankly into the void, coming to terms with their own imminent deaths. The woman from the Capitol looks absolutely pleased. "Such beauties in the Games this year!" She says, brushing the little one's cheek before making her way to the other glass orb on the other side of the stage, the one that holds Haymitch's name somewhere inside it. "Now, for the boys," she says, very matter-of-factly. She reaches her hand in and grasps a piece of paper between her fingers. "Juniper Everstone." I realize I was holding my breath again, but I do not exhale as the first boy takes the stage and she dips her hand into the bowl a second time. "Haymitch Abernathy." My heart stops. My mouth hangs open. I see Haymitch lift his head slowly, the boys around him making a path for him up to the stage. I feel Poppy's hand squeeze again, but not for her own comfort, but for mine. As if her tight grip would keep me from completely falling apart. I watch him, in slow motion, step by step, making his way up to stand beside the other tributes. His face is devoid of emotion, his eyes drained of any living color. He catches my eye for a split second before tears rise up and cloud my vision. As I wipe them away, the Peacekeepers are already herding them away into the Justice Building. I stand outside the door, my hands shaking as I fidget with the silver bracelet around my wrist, constantly twisting it across my skin, until my wrist is red from the irritation. The door opens and Haymitch's mother and little brothers are shoved from the room. I straighten up, and before I can even blink the tears away, her arms are around me, pulling me close to her. She is very thin and frail looking, but her grip around me is tight. I do not mind it though. It is comforting, since the scent of her hair matches Haymitch's perfectly. I breathe her in when a Peacekeeper grabs my arms and shoves me towards the door, into the small room. "You get three minutes," he says coldly. I see Haymitch sitting on a worn old arm chair as the door slams behind me. He stands up immediately and pulls me into him. His giant arms envelope me and his shirt smells like mothballs, having never been worn except for previous Reapings. I stifle a sob as I bury my face into his chest. He runs his hands through my hair and down my back. It seems like just a few days ago we sat in a deserted corner of the district, tracing our fingertips over each other's skin, dreaming of someday escaping, making a life for ourselves, getting married. Now I imagine that my fourth finger will forever be bare, because I will never be able to love again. Not in the way that I love this boy, standing in front of me, awaiting his death. He breaks away from me and gently presses his lips against mine. It tastes salted, and I can't decide whose tears are saturating our kiss with the wet saltiness. I have been kissing him