Title: Blood Flowers Author : groffiction / Azriel Rating : M Fandom : Snarry AU Summary : After Snape's death, and the destruction of the last Horcrux, Harry has one choice to change the past as well as the future. What happens if his choice causes not only himself to go back in time, but also to switch into a different reality? A reality that has Severus Snape the same age as him? And what's this? They are both going to Durmstrang? Eventual Snarry Slash Fic. Disclaimer : Don't own anyone you recognize. Everyone you don't and the plot bunny is mine. Please do not sue! I am broker than a church mouse with no cheese. Warnings/Notes : Due to all of the lovely reviews I have received for Slytherin Angel, and the fact that I just saw the midnight showing of the last Harry Potter movie, I got inspired to write another Snarry story. That being said, there will be eventual slash sex, oocness at first with Severus-the-boy (though I will attempt to make him as canon as possible in later chaps), violence, gore, mentions of abuse, neglect, and torture. Further inspirations come from the moving dark lyrical song Bloodflowers, by the Cure. *Hence the title* Prologue: "Are you sure you wish to do this, Harry?" Dumbledore asked kindly as he sat next to Harry on a bench in the white of King's Cross station. Harry was dead. Or at least, that's what the young wizard figured. Either that or this was some sort of 'in between' stage. Despite the strangeness of all this, Harry was absolutely sure that he was indeed, talking with Dumbledore. How this was happening, Harry did not know, nor did he care at this point. Harry regarded the older, wizened wizard and nodded. "He did not deserve to die, nor did anyone else. I understand that death is something we all have to deal with in war, but why did HE, above all others get the short end of the stick? After one screw up, he had a life of hell, and then died at the hands of Voldemort." Harry stated calmly, though his emotions were anything but. "There's more, isn't there?" Dumbledore smiled slightly. Harry lowered his eyes and sighed. "I have a feeling that there is some sort of connection between us. And I figure Snape hated me because of it." Dumbledore rested a gentle hand on the young wizard. "Snape did not hate you Harry. He had to fool everyone in order to protect you from Voldemort. If Voldemort had learned that Snape was a spy, and worse, protecting Lily's son, then he would have used Severus to kill you. And Severus could not handle that thought." "I understand that. But, I do believe, he felt the same connection. I researched about it a bit when I was younger, after the pensieve incident. And every sign leads to one thing." Harry chewed on his lip. "He's your soul mate." Dumbledore murmured. "Yes." Harry breathed, feeling as if a huge weight had lifted from his shoulders. "If you go along with this, you both could be changed forever. You might not see your friends again, nor might you have the same reality in which you had in this life. Do you still wish to do this?" Dumbledore asked, wanting to be sure that Harry was completely set on this. Harry lifted his emerald eyes to seek out Dumbledore's. With firm determination, he nodded. "Yes." "Very well. Goodbye, Harry. And good luck." Bright white light surrounded them both. And then Harry felt like he was falling. Falling, falling, down into the past. He saw flashes of memories go by. And soon, there was darkness. Chapter One: The Rescue When Harry opened his eyes, it was because of a heavy knock sounding somewhere below. He sat up and instantly wished he hadn't. His back burned as if someone had taken a whip to it recently, and his whole body ached with bruises, both visible and unseen. He shivered against the frosty room and sighed out a breath of steam. He looked around himself, noting that his eyes had been fixed somehow, for there were not spectacles anywhere in sight. But, where was he? Confused and a little bit disoriented, Harry noted in the dim light that he was in a dark room, on a straw pallet that had definitely seen better days, and he was wearing basically rags. Wondering if he was back in Surrey with his muggle relatives, he listened as the sound of raised voices permeated through the boards of his otherwise barely furnished room. He tried to listen, even as he tried to get off of the itchy mattress. He weakly stood shakily on too skinny of legs, and wandered to the door, which was bolted shut. He looked down at himself, noting that indeed, he looked much like his eleven year old self. But still the question of where he was came foremost into his mind. As he listened, he could barely understand the words coming from the raised voices. One was deeper, and the other was gruff. Finally one, distinct feminine voice broke in, "He will not be going! We agreed when we took THAT boy in that we would NOT have him go to that bloody school! Or any school for that matter that teaches FREAKS." It sounded like Aunt Petunia alright. Did that mean that Hagrid was there? And was he really back in Surrey? Then why was he not in his cubby? Dumbledore's words came back to him as he listened more. That's right. This may be a totally different past, or a different realm. It made sense then that this might not be what he was expecting. There was a darker voice that answered calmly, "Regardless of what you think, Mrs. Dursley, the boy must be taken to Durmstrang. It's for his own good and for yours. There, he will be away from Dumbledore. There, he will learn what he is meant to learn. And you both will be well compensated." Harry's eyes widened. Why did that voice sound so familiar? It almost sounded like Lucius Malfoy! What in Merlin's name was going on? "You are willing to pay us a hefty price for the boy? But why? He is worthless." Vernon's bellow rattled through the whole house. "Besides, what if Dumbledore finds out? We do not want to have to deal with that crack pot old wizard!" "I assure you that given the circumstances, you both have little choice in the matter. The boy will be going. Take the money or leave it. I do not care. And don't worry, you will not ever see the boy again. Obliviate ." The other wizard murmured softly. Getting a bit apprehensive, Harry stumbled back from the door and made his way to the window, despite his injuries. He had dealt with worse even in his own past. He looked out of the window and saw nothing but snow. Snow? This early? It mustn't be quite August yet, surely. He looked at an old threadbare calendar and his eyes widened. It was August 5th. Merlin's beard. He definitely wasn't in Surrey. He heard footsteps coming up the stairs and he looked around in vain for some way to hide. Finding nothing to hide behind, he regarded the window. He couldn't very well jump. So he was stuck. He shivered as he heard a softer, more familiar voice, though it was very young. "Where is he, uncle?" His eyes widened in shock. They widened even further when the other wizard murmured, "This way, Severus. I believe the muggles made sure he was locked up." "What a horrible thing to do!" Severus exclaimed. "Yea, well, what do you expect? They are muggles!" Said another familiar voice. This time it sounded A WHOLE lot like Lucius. "Filthy idiots." Came another voice, which sounded like Draco. How many were there present? Harry wondered this as he hugged himself. Feeling queasy at the thought of seeing both Malfoys, even with a young Severus present, Harry took in deep breaths. His stomach was cramping from hunger, which did not help things. "Boys, calm yourself." The older sounding Malfoy murmured, and then did a spell on his padlocked door. "How barbaric!" Severus hissed, though was quieted when the older Malfoy disposed of all of the locks. Opening the door gently, they instantly spotted Harry. Harry stared at the four in shock. There standing in front of him was a spitting image of Malfoy Sr, yet how can that be? And how could it be that there was not one, but twin eleven year old Dracos? When Harry's eyes fell on the young Severus, he all but gaped. Severus was the same age as HIM as well! Harry slumped to the floor and cradled his knees to his chest. When Dumbledore had told him that things might be different, Harry had figured he could handle it. But things were so different; could he really go through with all of this? "Father, is he really the supposed 'Chosen One'? He looks weaker than a mouse!" One Draco said with a smirk, which made Harry want to punch his lights out. Still, it was refreshing hearing normal attitude coming from the twin. But, Merlin's beard, Harry had had enough trouble defending himself against ONE Draco. How could he deal with TWO? "Enough, Draco." The older Malfoy said, before advancing into the room. "I gather you'd look the same if you had muggles that raised you." "Not all muggles are bad, Uncle Abraxus." Severus piped up as he rushed forward, around the older Malfoy. Severus walked over to Harry and stated, "We've come to take you away from here." Harry flushed slightly, not sure if he liked this friendly, open Severus. He was used to Snape being quiet, contemplative, and well… badass. Still, he had to act as if he had no idea who Snape was. Harry figured this would be the most difficult thing he'd ever done in his life: pretending that he had no memory of his past life. And he'd have to do it, until Snape was ready to be told, if he ever was. "Who are you people?" Harry asked, knowing that he was supposed to not know magic. Severus smiled brightly, causing Harry to flush again. Severus looked rather handsome when he was smiling, even as a boy of only eleven. "I'm Severus, Severus Snape." He gestured to his uncle, "This is my uncle Abraxus Malfoy, and my cousins Lucius and Draco." Wow. Severus as a boy was awfully friendly. But, maybe that was a good thing? If they were soul mates, then maybe Severus and him could start off as friends. The idea was something getting used to. Just like the thought of Lucius being Draco's twin brother. But, if this meant keeping Severus alive and his friends, then Harry was willing to go through all of this. You've always protected me, Snape. Now it's my turn, until you wish it differently. I owe you that much. Harry thought. Aloud, Harry said softly, "I'm Harry Potter." "Harry? That's a terrible name!" Draco whined. "Father, why can't we give him another name? And who would want to have 'potter' as a last name? Seriously it's totally normal and painfully dull." His brother rolled his eyes and nudged Draco, "Way to go, Dragon, insulting the most famous wizard of all time." Draco flushed in embarrassment, but regarded his father curiously. "Actually, that may, indeed, be the best choice. Durmstrang is already a harsh place to go to school in. But, it would be even more difficult if Potter went in under his own name. There are still Voldemort supporters out there. It'd be best to keep Harry incognito for the time being." Harry's eyebrows rose, noting that Abraxus' left arm was bare. Hmmm… this is very different . Harry thought, but decided to give