Hi all! I'm honored to have had a bit of a team behind me this time around: Carrie ZM: She awesomely stepped up to beta when I was in need, and has become a true friend. Any mistakes you find are mine, I tend to tweak long after I should stop. Vancouver-Canuck-Girl: She acted as pre-reader when I was completely insecure and made me feel better with her hilarious comments and unwavering support. Mkystich: Banner maker extraordinaire. I mean come on, have you seen it? Grabadietcoke: My friend, my sounding board, my 4eva Chapter 1 "Who wants another mother fucking shot!" I raise the bottle of whiskey over my head, high above the sweaty and raucous crowd below me. My black boots scuff the top of the copper covered bar, leaving thick rubbery streaks behind. I lean over and empty the contents of my bottle into open mouths, not bothering to lift it between pours, making a sloshy line across my patron's cheeks. I slap the big guy on the end across the top of his head and tell him to move the fuck on, an order which he smartly obeys. The crowd loves it. "Iz! Iz! Iz!" They chant over the loud music, trying to get my attention and the free liquor I have possession of. One guy gets handsy, so I flatten that hand with my foot and move on back down the bar. Emmett reaches out to help me down and I jump to the floor. "Jesus Iz, you really worked them up tonight!" My brother wraps his arm around my shoulders and gives me a squeeze. He tosses me a big grin and returns to his post at the end of the bar, protecting Angie and I from the crowd. Angie hands me a shot and we clink, downing the whiskey to more shouting from the crowd that loves us. We know how to put on a show here at The Steel Horse. The tips are phenomenal. Also doesn't hurt that we're practically naked. The few parts that are covered are encased in black leather. I reach for my cup and startle when a hand darts out and grabs it before I do. "Excuse me, I think that's my latte." I look at the guy, fully expecting him to realize his mistake and place my cup back down on the counter of my favorite coffee joint. "Latte? I would never order a latte." He looks at the cup and then to me, a look of disgust on his face. I raise one eyebrow at him in disbelief at his rudeness. "I'm sure you didn't. Therefore, it's mine." I reach out my hand for him to hand it over. "I think you're mistaken." He holds the cup up and away from me, out of my reach. "This is my black coffee." I'm now wide eyed, staring at my cup in his obnoxious hand. "Why would I mistake a latte for black coffee?" "I don't know, but you are." His smugness and tight grip on my cup has me seeing red. "Excuse me? It clearly has non-fat, grande, soy chai latte with a half shot of espresso and no foam written on the side of it." I point to the description written on the cup in black marker. The smug jerk looks at it for a moment, reading. He looks back at me and frowns. "If you're lactose intolerant and can't handle a full dose of caffeine, maybe you should just order water." Unbelievable. I narrow my eyes and grab the cup from his hand. "What I drink doesn't concern you." "It does when I have to wait for your pretentious drink to be made when all I want is an un pretentious cup of black coffee." He says, his green eyes blazing. I turn and start walking towards the back of the shop where the tables are. "Asshole." "I heard that." He snaps. I turn my head to the side and bark, "I meant you to!" I continue towards my usual table. "Oh my god, what a jerk." I huff while throwing my briefcase onto the bench beside me. Katie, one of the baristas busy wiping down tables, looks around our close vicinity and whispers. "Who?" "Over there. In line. Douchebag suit guy." Katie cranes her neck and searches the front of the kitschy coffee shop. "You mean the guy with the mustache?" When I look at him again and confirm, she grins. "He's kind of hot, I like the facial hair. Very Dave Grohl." Looking at him again, I contemplate what she's said. "It's just a mustache that's too long on the sides. It wants to be a goatee but can't." I shrug not wanting to admit I like the Fu Manchu 'stache. "I don't know, it's pretty cool. Johnny Depp wears the look well." "Well, he's no Dave or Johnny, his personality sucks." I exclaim and take a sip of my drink. She smiles at me. "So, what's on your agenda for today?" "I have a lecture at eleven and then a screening at two. Should be an easy day." "Mmmhmm. Watching porn with thirty or more people. Easy." "It's not porn." "Sure it's not. You just have a degree that allows you to call it an educational tool. Not that I'm complaining, your class was the only one I ever stayed awake through." "Very funny." I smirk at my ex-student and sip my drink, scanning the front of the coffee shop. I watch Manchu get his drink and turn to leave. As he's walking through the door, he looks back and raises his cup to me, with a very annoying smirk on his face. I try not to flip him off in return. "Are you still meeting Alice for dinner tonight? She's got me babysitting starting at six." I relax my sneer and turn my attention back to Katie. "Yeah, I'll be there. I have to be at Emmett's though at nine, it's Friday. So six is perfect." "Does that mean you're picking her up dressed in leather again?" Katie grins. "No, I'll go home and change first or change at the bar. Don't worry, you won't have to see more of me than you do now." Katie scans my attire, black dress pants, red long sleeved blouse. "You know you're hot like that, but you look nice like this too." "Yeah well, it's a job requirement. Okay, let me go or I'll be late." I smile at Katie and gather my things, making my way out into the temperamental weather that is spring in Nashville. Today I'm lucky; it's a beautiful seventy-six degrees with no rain in sight. "Got any hot friends coming tonight?" Emmett asks me through the bathroom door in his office while I'm changing out of my stuffy professor persona and into kick ass biker chick. "You ask me that every weekend, and every weekend it's the same answer. No." "I don't understand why you don't try to get more hot friends. Think of it as a thank you for your employment." Checking to make sure everything important is covered, I exit the bathroom. "I love you Emmett, but I'm not going to be your pimp. Sorry. Besides, you begged me to take this job, you're lucky I decided to make it permanent." I rub my hand on his broad shoulder and make my way out of the office, Emmett following closely behind. "Pimp? That's low Iz, even for you." His dimples grow bigger as he grins at me, and his cute face is almost too hard to resist. "Your fault, Buddy. The one time I introduced you to a friend of mine, what happened? You slept with her, never called her again, and she never called ME again." With that, I wave my fingers at him and walk behind the bar. We're super busy tonight so Angie and I don't get a chance to talk. The band is good and loud, they're playing a lot of sixties rock mixed in with some classic country. The crowd is banging. Emmett has a talent for finding the best, undiscovered talent and brings bands in from all over the country. People come to listen to his new finds and to get abused by the hot bar staff. It's a gimmick, sure, but a profitable one. I sigh when I see my ex, Jake, sidle up to the bar, so I make my way to him, mentally reviewing my getup. Black leather mini skirt, tight white tee, black knee-high boots. Stellar. "Hey Iz. Looking good." "I know." I smirk at him, and grab the Jagermeister from the shelf, pouring him one, and watch as he gulps it down and slams the glass back onto the bar top. "How's the house?" I gape at him for a moment, shocked he has the nerve to ask. "Fantastic. Especially without you in it." I smile brightly and refill his glass. "Can I please go ahead of you today?" A gravelly voice sneers behind me. Without even turning around I know who is behind me. Manchu. "No." I hear him suck in his breath. "You're really sweet, you know that?" The scoff in his voice is obvious. "If you hadn't been a prick last week, maybe you'd be seeing my sweet side." I mentally give myself a high five and smile at the back of the girl's head in front of me. "Maybe if you weren't covered head to toe, I'd actually be able to see your sweet side." The earth doesn't rotate as slowly as I do, turning on my heel to confront him. My eyes are dead and unforgiving as I meet his stare. "Excuse me?" "I said-" "I heard what you said." I snap. "Good. I meant you to." He looks at me, throwing my line from last time back at me. "Be thankful I'm covered. My naked body has been known to make grown men stupid, and I really don't think you have much wiggle room there." "And you only see this guy on Friday's?" Angie screams over the roar of the band while pouring a line of three shots. "Yeah. He's a complete tool." "Is he cute?" Angie slams the glasses down on the bar in front of a big beefy guy in front of her. "Pay up and make sure you tip me, Fuckwit." The biker laughs in glee and passes the shots over his shoulder to his friends, slapping twenty bucks on the bar. "Thanks." Angie puts the money in the cash register and stuffs the change in the noticeable black bra she's wearing under her thin white tank top. "Hey, that wasn't all for you, Sweetheart." The biker protests. "Yes it was. Move on." She turns to the girls waiting to place their drink order and smiles sweetly; we only abuse the men. Clearly not familiar with our routine, the guy she just waved off looks at his friends, who are encouraging him. "You remind me of my ex-wife." The guys laugh behind him. "Can I have your number, Doll Face?" Angie finishes serving the girls and sidles up to the bar, crossing her arms under her boobs and leaning forward. Motioning the guy over with a crook of her finger and a sexy smirk, he falls for it, and leans in to her. I stand pouring a beer and wait in anticipation. Out of the corner of my eye, I see Emmett slowly inching closer to us. This guy is obviously new to our establishment, he has no idea that we're allowed to call the customers names, but you don't "Doll Face" one of us . We also don't like, "Babe", "Sweetie", or "Hun". "My number? You want some hanky panky?" Angie says sweetly, but loud enough for those near her to hear. I can tell the regulars know what's coming as they back up a little and clear some room. "Hell yes! I'd like to buy you