Hey everybody! This is my entry for the Age of Edward contest. I was judge Mina Rivera's pick, so I thank her from the bottom of my heart. I also came in third in the banner contest, which is awesome because I never made one before and I had no idea what I was doing. A couple of thank you's, of course…. To Fluffy Liz who helped me with my Brit-speak, giving me a few tips on slang and what a 70's British Edward would say (and not say). So thanks Liz! I appreciate your help very much! A big thank you goes to LayAtHomeMom, the best pre-reader on the planet. Her words of encouragement and sharp eye always make me feel safe. And of course, my beta Carrie ZM whom I love so much – thank you for holding my hand and letting me freak out. THE KING OF BOWERY AND BLEECKER Leaning back on my towel, I tried to avoid the splashing from my little sister and her friends running through the sprinkler, their Kool-Aid stained tongues poking out at me with each pass of their pre-pubescent bodies as they jumped and yelled on the front lawn. The ground was soggy, the grass flat and limp, and I couldn't find any spot that wasn't damp, the wetness seeping into the cloth beneath me. I moved again, staring daggers behind my sunglasses and shooting Angela the finger. "I'm gonna tell!" she yelled, her bathing suit hitching up one butt cheek that she picked out without a care in the world. "Go ahead and I'll punch your lights out." An empty threat, one that wasn't taken seriously at all. "I'll tell mom you were letting Jake Black feel your boobies in his car last night instead of coming inside when you were 'sposed to!" With that, I was off the towel chasing Angela around the sprinkler, her shrieks more energetic than scared. Soon enough, I ended up hopping through the water with her, laughing as my toes squished the earth and sunk into the mud puddle that was a permanent fixture on our front lawn that summer. The summer that would become famous, legendary. But not where I lived, not in New Jersey where nothing ever happened beyond bragging about how many times you'd seen Star Wars, waiting for the new issue of Seventeen to arrive in your mailbox, or gossiping about Becky Taylor going all the way with her boyfriend in his maroon Monte Carlo. The one with the bucket seats. It was the summer of my eighteenth birthday, that restless age when you're declared an adult but still treated like a child until you leave for college. The summer of making out in cars and smoking cigarettes with your girlfriends. It was also the summer that I met him . ~B&B~ Jessica arrived around dinner time as she usually did, her parents having split up the winter before which left her alone more than my mother liked. Jess' mother was off 'finding herself' with a guy she met at the grocery store while her father tried to hold onto his failing business. It was all blamed on inflation and recession, two words my father said repeatedly, putting worries in my head I didn't quite understand. Jess would sit quiet when he talked about money that summer, knowing full well that 'the blasted economy' was a big reason her mother hightailed it to California. I'd nudge her leg with mine under the dinner table, causing a small smile to cross her lips as she chewed. She'd nudge me back and relax, eating my mother's Shake'N Bake and making fun of Angela along with me. After too many french fries and a whole bottle of Coke, we retreated to my room to look at magazines and listen to my records. Friday was date night, but Saturday nights usually consisted of us watching Mary Tyler Moore repeats and eating raw cookie dough, something Jessica had come to depend on - a stability she hadn't felt in months. The same stability that made me restless. Her gum snapping irked me, relentlessly clawing into my brain, causing the pent-up frustration and boredom I'd been feeling since we graduated to bubble to the surface. I sighed and threw the mag onto the pile between us. "What the hell?" She jerked as the slick papers skidded across the floor and bumped into her, causing her own magazine to buckle and crease. "Jess, I want to do something." "Well, why didn't you just say so?" She rose up, one elbow digging into my yellow shag carpet while she pulled the gum out of her mouth in a long string, just to gobble it up again. The arm on the record player lifted and started over, my Fleetwood Mac album beginning to skip from so much use. The music surrounded us as she waited for me to speak. "I want to go somewhere." "Baskin Robbins?" Her face lit up, the idea of butter pecan already making her tongue lick her lips in anticipation. How simple a pleasure, how very Jessica to be excited about the mundane. I hesitated, not wanting to disappoint her and unsure how to tell her what my big plans were. Plans sure to make her skittish and shake her head in defiance. "No, I want to go out out." Her eyes narrowed, her suspicions making them squint as she took in the pointed look I was shooting her. "Where?" she asked nervously, knowing my head was always too full of grand schemes and the itch to be something different. "I want to go to New York." Sitting up, her eyes widened as she glared. "City? Are you kidding? Bella, you can't be serious!" "I am." "We'll get mugged! Someone will drug us, or-" "We won't get mugged," I interrupted her rant with a roll of my eyes. "-someone will rape us," she whispered that terrible word, so sure that if she didn't say it out loud it didn't really exist. "No one is going to rape us. Jesus, Jessica. We can't keep living our lives hoping Mary and Lou give in to their feelings and make out. Besides, Rollerama has seen enough of us this summer." Her gum sat between her cheek and teeth, on the verge of falling out on the floor as she gaped at me. Shocked blue eyes shifted to smugness. "Your parents would never let us." I shrugged at her supposed flaw in my plan. "How would they know? We say we're going to Rollerama, then to the Seville Diner for patty melts after. We're both eighteen." When she didn't look convinced, I started to whine. "I just want to go in and see it. Don't you want to see it? Don't you want to know what all the fuss is about?" "Fuss? Fuss!" she was practically shouting. "A blackout and riots and hookers?" Her agitated body shifted into a near-kneeling position, her face contorting into a grotesque mask of horror. "And dear lord! The Son of Sam is out there! You're crazy, Bella Swan. Certifiable." "He's only killed in Queens," I replied, less sure. The madman that was terrorizing the city was all over the paper again this week; another couple shot while parking in their car. Still, I was determined; there was only one thing left to do, so I played my card. "Please, Jess. You're my best friend. Who was the one that got that creep Mike to stop calling you? And who was the one that ripped the centerfold of Shaun Cassidy out of Tiger Beat for you?" Big guns, now. "And who is the one that's been there for you all spring and summer?" It was a low blow, I knew, but I also knew I didn't want to go into the city alone. Like I knew it would, her eyes started to tear up, her soul too sensitive to even handle Hallmark commercials. Friendship was the one thing Jessica didn't take lightly, having lost what she considered her best friend when her mother skipped town. "Dammit, Bella." And just like that, albeit with a touch of guilt, I knew I'd won. ~B&B~ Across the river from my boring life, there was a monster. A breathing, living thing that pulsed and grew. The biggest blackout the country had ever seen had clouded the city in darkness and terror just a few weeks before. Riots and fires followed, fueled by angry people fed up with the chaos and filth the city had become, as the temperatures soared every day to record breaking heights of 103 and 104 degrees. The newspapers that were safely delivered to my door carried headlines that screamed across its pages, turning the Big Apple into something otherworldly. From the way it was described, you could almost feel the city and all of its inhabitants melting down as you read the black and white ink that scared the shit out of you and fascinated you all at the same time. It was the Summer of Sam. The 'Summer of Fear' as the papers christened it. It was 1977 in New York City, a world away from me. "We'll never get into Studio 54," Jess whined, fluffing her hair in the visor mirror of my dad's Buick. "I want to dance with John Travolta." She smiled at me, her eyebrows wiggling. I was happy to see her excited, but I had to agree. We'd never make the cut at the famous disco's line of entry. The beautiful people got in, the girls with their Diane von Furstenberg wrap dresses and platform shoes. Shiny lips and gold jewelry. Jess and I were pretty average, and my taste ran more to peasant shirts and bell bottoms while hers was a mix of a Sears catalog and whatever her mother left behind. "I have somewhere better in mind," I replied slyly, knowing all along that our destination was far from that Midtown disco and all its glamour. "Is it safe?" she worried next to me, her hand instinctively clutching the door handle of the car as we entered the Lincoln Tunnel. "Sure. Don't worry." "With you, Bella, I always worry." I grinned and looked at her; the lights from the tunnel casting a flickering, yellow glow across her doubtful face. "But you always have fun." She only hummed in response, and soon we were exiting the tunnel and taking a right onto 42nd Street. I didn't know my way around, and Jess started worrying about that too. I'd looked at my dad's atlas stashed in the trunk and remembered the Midtown layout from trips into the city with my folks to see Broadway shows back when the city was less crime-ridden, but I really only knew the general vicinity of my destination. Traffic caused us to stop halfway across the famous street, and Jess' face was practically squashed onto the glass as she looked at our surroundings. "Oh my god, Bella! It's a strip joint!" I ignored her wails and took in the sights of the unseemly, neon-drenched avenue. All around us, flashing signs promised peep shows, XXX movies, and Live Girls ! Rolling down the window and breathing deeply, my nose took in the humid, sweat-soaked, dirty streets. I loved it. It was so… alive. So teeming with action and decadence. The streets were filled, hundreds of people that were up to no good strolled the grimy blocks that Mayor Beame couldn't control. The air was charged, like everyone was waiting for something big to happen at any moment as sirens wailed and shouting prevailed over the sounds of cars honking. Loud soul music poured out of the sex shops and added to the atmosphere. "Roll your window up! What are you? Crazy?" Jess launched herself over the console and proceeded to crank the arm of the window, successfully cutting off most of the sound. The din was loud enough out there that you could