Disclaimer : we do not own any characters, places or storylines you recognize, it belongs to Prof. Tolkien, Tolkien Enterprises, New Line Cinema and other lucky bastards. Authors´ notes : Happy New Year and the best of luck to all of you! This was originally supposed to be posted on Christmas, but wine, champagne, beer, the Netherlands and sherry intervened. Hopefully this will nevertheless be a nice present, if a little belated. This is our first collaboration and it´s been great fun so far. Writing together is a new experience, and we think you can tell when reading, since the style is slightly different from both our usual works; we find it rewarding though and recommend our fellow authors to try it. Furthermore, we dedicate this piece to Mirach, since she suggested that we should write a story together. Thank you (and we had the wine for you)! PS: Maj would like to say that this is the first story she has written in a long time, and that "The Hunt for Gollum- Aftermath" is not forgotten. Star would like to add here that whereas she has at least updated "The Only Way to Kill the Dragon" in the last couple of months, she nevertheless feels bad about it, too! We do mean to continue them, it´s just a matter of time (as well as wine, champagne, beer, the Netherlands and sherry). A Long Time Coming Summary: Time passes, but old hatred remains strong. A misunderstanding from the past is about to claim Aragorn´s life. But it is not his battle alone because Legolas is involved as well... ~o~ Part 1: The Ring With the Emerald Stone A dark and earthy aroma greeted him. It was a familiar smell, yet he could not name it. It did not exactly remind him of home, nor did it make him feel comfortable. Moisture seemed to cling to it as well as to his body, bringing another, rather unwelcome sensation with it: he was chilled to the bone. Coldness had spread through his every limb, increasing an underlying ache which he only now noticed. He could not locate it, for it seemed to have neither a beginning, nor an end: it was just there, steadily as his heartbeat and increasingly strong. He heard a strange noise which caused him to look around; he groaned from the effort and pain of trying to locate the source, and with a jolt of shock realized that the first noise had come from himself as he had tried to move. Nausea assaulted him, and he tried to breathe it away only to discover that a heavy pressure was constricting his chest, preventing him from inhaling deeply. Unwanted panic rose within him; he could not recall what had happened, and the all-encompassing ache was beginning to turn into real pain now. Trying to ignore the nausea and panic, he made another attempt on moving, but it was impossible. Something was holding him in place, and even if he had been coherent enough to realize what it was, he could not have moved it aside. The feeling of being trapped added to a desperate sense of helplessness, which caused a shiver to run down his spine: he did not know what had befallen him, and apparently he could not free himself. He closed his eyes, too exhausted to find a solution. - The flames of the campfire were dancing merrily, illuminating the faces of the figures assembled around it and warming their frozen bodies. It was a group of four which had assembled here, in the depth of the woods. The oldest man among them was nearing his fourtieth birthday; he had flaming red hair and a weather-beaten face full of freckles. Next to him sat a boy of probably twelve winters; he was resembling his father greatly, his hair and features nearly exact copies of the older man. He kept looking at the hooded figure which was sitting across the fire: the hood was concealing most of the face, and only a few wisps of fair hair were visible whenever the stranger moved. Most of the time he sat still, however, and talked only a little. His companion on the other hand was engaged in a lively conversation with the boy´s father. His voice was soft, yet he had a manner of speaking which caused people to listen attentively. Occasionally he took a pull at his long-stemmed pipe, the sweet smelling smoke mingling with the scent of the fire. In the shade of his hood, Legolas smiled despite the smoke. He could not understand why Aragorn had taken Gandalf´s lead concerning the strange habit, and he probably would never get used to the smell; it was more pronounced and acid than the normal smoke of a fire, and it kept irritating him greatly. Yet his friend seemed more relaxed than he had been in weeks, and it pleased him to see that the lines of worry on Aragorn´s face had disappeared for once. He had finally decided to leave the Rangers and to pledge his service to King Thengel of Rohan. It had not been an easy choice, and it had been born out of a deep restlessness, which had been initiated by the increasing burden of Aragorn´s heritage. Ever since his foster father, Lord Elrond of Rivendell, had revealed his true identity to the young Dúnadan, the weight of responsibility had Aragorn seriously questioning every step he took. Legolas was accompanying his friend on his way to Minas Tirith, where Aragorn was supposed to meet Gandalf before heading to Rohan; the elf was aware that he was probably not going to see much of the Dúnadan during his service, therefore he was using the opportunity to spend more time with his friend. While the prince was lost in his thoughts, he watched how the flicker of the fire was reflected by the small emerald stone in Aragorn´s ring; he had been astonished to see his friend wearing the ring on this particular journey, since it plainly identified him as the heir of Isildur and most likely would not be very welcome by the Gondorian steward. Aragorn however seemed to draw comfort or even strength out of the small token, as though it was affirming his decision, and seemed intent on wearing it until their arrival in Minas Tirith. The boy was watching the ring as well; he looked tired, and his lids were beginning to droop. Legolas was pulled out of his musings when a low sound caught his attention. He listened hard, no longer paying heed to the conversation or the crackling of the fire; slowly, as though unawares of his own action, he stood. He sensed it more than he could hear it: something was there, a presence which made itself known now that the elf was alert. The almost inaudible sound of breathing, and the feeling of being watched made the fine hairs on his neck stand on end. Aragorn had interrupted himself when he had seen Legolas rise in a tense, long drawn-out motion, and was straining his ears as well now, all the while watching the elf attentively. The man and his son were looking from the Ranger to the other in confusion. Aragorn now rose as well, his hand on the hilt of his sword. Legolas´ ears were more reliable than anyone else´s, but apart from that, he had felt it too. They were no longer alone. Legolas and he exchanged a long look before the elf spoke softly: "Wolves. The wind carries their scent." Aragorn turned to the red-haired man: "Stay near the fire. Light a branch." The man did not hesitate, though he looked puzzled. He drew his son to his feet and pulled him close. While the two were struggling with their improvised torches, Legolas had notched an arrow and Aragorn had pulled his sword. Not a minute too early so, as the assault came a moment later. - The boy could feel his heart beating rapidly; it seemed to have slipped up into his throat. His fingers were trembling as he held the burning branch. He closed his eyes for a moment, wishing he was simply having a nightmare, but when he opened them again, he could see the dark-haired man brandishing his sword and the hooded stranger abandoning his bow and wielding two long, elegantly carved knives instead. Dark, heavily blurred shapes seemed to whirl around them, matching the confusion in the boy´s mind. He dropped his branch, it was of no use anyway. He could hear his father shout something and did not realize that he meant him until he used the boy´s name: "Fingaer! Fingaer !" The name did not help to shake off the boy´s panic induced stupor, but it caused him to turn around. His father was looking at him, thus he did not see the attack coming. Fingaer stared as a wolf threw his father off his feet, helplessly staring as the man screamed. Later, he could not recall what happened next; at one point, he realized that something had changed, and that he was kneeling next to his father, crying for help. He looked over to the dark-haired man, who was kneeling on the ground a few feet away. While Fingaer was clinging to his father´s bloodied body and the laboured breathing of the mangled and dying man was painfully filling his ears, he saw that the stranger´s hood had slipped back. He was lying on the ground next to the other, but Fingaer did not see the blood that was pouring out of a deep wound in his side; all he realized was that the stranger was an elf and that the man with the sparkling ring was helping him rather than his father. - Aragorn tiredly ran his hand over his eyes. Dawn had begun to break, and he had finally had managed to staunch the bloodflow from Legolas´ wound. He had not been able to save Fingaer´s father however; the regret weighed heavily on his heart, yet the wound the wolf had inflicted had been too grave and beyond his healing skills. The boy was sitting next to the fire now, his eyes never leaving his father´s body, which they had covered with the man´s blanket. Aragorn wanted to apologize for not being able to help, for the shock and pain which were evident in the boy´s features, but he did not find his voice. He was too shaken himself, and Legolas was not out of danger yet. The man stoked the fire once more; Fingaer turned his face towards him, as though waking up. He gazed at the stick Aragorn was holding, wide-eyed and evidently still shocked, but the simple act of routine seemed to unmercifully tell him that life was indeed going on. He was still there, freezing in the cold air of the early morning, and his father was lying dead on the ground. As he felt that the man was beholding him, he looked up; he saw sympathy and sadness on the other´s face, and felt his face grow hot: it was this man´s fault that his father was dead, because he had chosen to help the elf first, was it not? The stranger had no reason to look at him as he did now, he should rather have felt ashamed of himself, if anything. His and Aragorn´s gazes met, and there was so much contempt and hatred in the boy´s eyes all of a sudden that it startled the man. Fingaer´s stare seemed to burn a hole into his heart, right next to the spot which was raw and hurting from the night´s events. As he crouched down next to the elf and gently reached out to feel his forehead in order to check his temperature, he found that his hand was trembling. Tiredness, he told himself, and worry for the elf, nothing more. Yet he could not forget the absolute loathing