Disclaimer: Obviously I neither wrote the 'Twilight' series, nor own any of the rights to the work or the characters. But, the principle of Fanfiction is to write our own stories based on the intellectual property of others. I hope that anyone who doesn't enjoy this stops reading it right away. I was clinging to Edward, refusing to let go of him. I could hear Charlie behind us, ordering Edward to leave his house and never return. Then I heard Carlisle's voice, he said something about sedatives. There was a sudden sharp pain in my right arm and then there was only black. . . . When I woke up, Alice was sat in my bedroom, watching me closely. "Do you remember what happened, Bella?" she asked me carefully, "Charlie is here with me and he wants to know how much you remember." I tried to focus my bleary eyes on Alice's face, wondering what on earth she was thinking. If Charlie was right here, why was she asking me what I remembered? Now was not a good time for me to start talking about Italy and Vampires and cliff-diving. Shouldn't she save the reminiscing for a more private moment? Confused, I just shook my head, "I don't know," I said, "I don't understand what you're asking." "That's ok," Alice smiled with real pleasure, "your Dad is right here and you're safe at home. You don't need to worry about anything. Carlisle's explained it all to your Dad. Carlisle said that you might forget a few details: he had to sedate you last night. But it will probably all come back to you in time." "Oh," that made some sort of sense. Carlisle must have given Charlie some kind of cover story and Alice wanted to make sure that I didn't blow the whole thing by waking up and saying something stupid. In anyone else that would have been impressive forethought. But for Alice, forethought was the same thing as hindsight. "How are you feeling, Bells?" that was Charlie's voice. "Are you thirsty?" I nodded vaguely, still looking at Alice. I was afraid to speak a word until I knew what was supposed to have happened over the past few days. Alice smiled broadly again, "that's right," she assured me, "Carlisle said that you would be very thirsty when you woke up. You'll want a glass of water. Then you'll want a nice hot shower." I heard Charlie leave the room and listened to his footsteps go down the stairs before I dared to whisper to Alice, "I remember everything just fine. When are you going to tell me what Carlisle told Charlie? And where's Edward?" "When you're up and dressed and have had something to eat, you're going to come with me and visit. Carlisle wants to check you over. We'll tell you more about what happened soon, but it's not a good idea to pour too many memories on you all at once. You might go into shock." Alice was talking at a normal pitch, so I guess that she was talking about 'memories' rather than 'cover stories' for Charlie's benefit. He must still be within earshot. I couldn't risk saying anything that might give away what I really knew. If I had to try and tell a story to Charlie he would know that I was lying right away. This whole lost-memory thing was a pretty good ploy of Alice's. It was probably the only way that I could be prevented from messing everything up. A few questions would be safe, though. I was supposed to be confused and uncertain. Charlie couldn't get suspicious if I asked questions. "Where's Edward?" I asked again, "and why are you back in Forks? Is the whole family back now? Are you staying?" Charlie brought my water up and gave it to me silently. He was watching Alice intently as she replied. "We're all back in Forks," she said, "Esme didn't like LA. We're back here for good. Everyone in the family is well and they're all at home. You can see them all when you come round." "Are you sure that she ought to be getting up today?" Charlie asked over my head. I must have looked pretty ill if he was talking over me like that. Unless he was talking over me because he wasn't talking to me. I wondered if this cover story was the sort of story that would make Charlie mad at me. "Are you mad at me, Dad?" He looked surprised. "She doesn't remember what happened," Alice reminded him. Charlie nodded, "I'm not mad at you, Bells. It's all ok. You haven't done anything wrong. It's just that something" I noticed that he paused and swallowed, as if it was hard for him to select the next word, "happened. Dr Carlisle thinks that you might find it a bit of a shock when you remember. So we're going to take it slow. But everything is ok now. That's the important thing. You're safe now. Make sure that you remember that." "And you didn't do anything wrong," Alice added. They both smiled and nodded at me. I was beginning to feel like a bit of an idiot. The two of them staring at me cheerfully and assuring me that everything was fine was a bit freaky. I wondered how weird the cover story that Carlisle had constructed really was. How could he have explained a sudden disappearance without a single phone call? How could he possibly have come up with a story that prevented Charlie being mad at me? "I would like that shower now," I said, hoping that this would get rid of them. Charlie left the room straight away, but Alice stayed sitting by the bed. "I'll get your clothes ready for you," she said with a big grin. As I stood in the shower I wondered what on earth Alice was going to offer for me to wear. She was never this happy to chose something out of my wardrobe, she thought that my selection of clothes was pitiful. The grin that she had been wearing when I left the room was definitely her new-clothes-for-Bella grin. I had no idea when she had found time to buy me new clothes between rescuing Edward from the Volturi and spinning a web of lies for Charlie. I would just have to add it to my list of unanswered questions. It was quite a long list. Firstly, where was Edward? Secondly, why wouldn't Alice tell me where he was? I'd asked her twice and both times she'd ignored me. Thirdly, what had Carlisle told Charlie? Fourthly, how long had I been asleep and what had everyone else been doing while I slept? Fifthly, why were they all back in Forks? Sixthly, where was Edward? That didn't make sense. Where was Edward couldn't be question one and question six. But, even as I tried to make a list of all the strange things, so that I could ask Alice all my questions, my mind kept coming round and round to that same question. Alice was here, so where was Edward? Was he safe? Did he hate me? Was he going to be my friend now? Would he ever talk to me again? Aside from the guilt-induced hugging on the plane and in the car, the last contact that I'd had with Edward was when he'd told me that he didn't want me anymore. I didn't know what it would be like to know Edward now. He was my first ever boyfriend, I'd never had to deal with an ex-boyfriend before. And Edward felt like so much more than just a standard ex-boyfriend. Would he even want to be friends with me now? Maybe he would be afraid that he couldn't be friends with me. He might think that I would spend all my time trying to seduce him again. Embarassingly, that is probably exactly what I would do. That would be pretty awful. I don't even know how to begin seducing Edward. But I couldn't just stop trying. I loved him. A quick tap on the door startled me, "are you alright, Bella?" Alice called out loudly, presumably for Charlie's benefit. Then she muttered, for my ears only "stop trying to guess things. I will explain everything in the car." That was what I wanted to hear. I turned off the water and got out of the shower. I dried myself off in record time and dressed in the brand new outfit – complete with new underwear, new shoes and even a new bag – without a word of complaint. I couldn't win an argument with Alice, and I didn't want to delay the answers any longer. "I'm taking Bella to my house so that Carlisle can check her over," Alice said to Charlie. He nodded in reply, so I can only guess that she had already arranged this with him. "Will, um, everyone be there?" Charlie asked her, obviously trying to check something, without letting me know what. He must mean Edward. I was just as eager to hear the answer to that question as he was. "Yeah," Alice said vaguely, then she gave my a funny look. I know that I was grinning widely, but that shouldn't surprise her. She must know how much I loved Edward, even if he didn't love me back. "Take care, Bells," Charlie said and I nodded at him over Alice's shoulder as she herded me towards the car. Alice had brought the Mercedes. She settled into the driver's seat and adjusted it with a chuckle, "Jazz tries to pull the seat up for me," she explained, "but he can never remember exactly how long my legs are. Today he seems to be under the impression that I'm a midget. Alright, Bella" we were already out of my street and well away from Charlie, "I know that you have a lot of questions. But you haven't decided which one you want to hear the answer to first, so you'll have to ask me." "Where's Edward?" Alice laughed, "he's at the house," she said. I failed to see what was funny about that. "Is he alright? Is he hurt?" She probably wouldn't be laughing if he was hurt, but there was something strange going on, and I needed to know what it was. "He's . . ." Alice hesitated, "he's safe," she concluded finally, "but, he's not behaving himself, so he may be in a little bit of discomfort by the time we get there." She winced slightly, "yes, I'm guessing that would have hurt a bit." "Someone's hurting Edward?" I couldn't understand it. We were back in Forks, where everyone was supposed to be safe. For the first time ever, I wished that a Cullen would drive faster. We had to get to him. We had to help him. "Not just someone," Alice replied cheerfully, "Jazz." She spoke with so much fondness and pride that I was sure that I'd misheard her. I must still be woozy from the drugged sleep. "Alice, did you just say – perfectly happily – that Jasper was hurting Edward? What's going on?" "Oh, I forgot that you might misunderstand me. Sorry, Bella. Edward isn't going to be seriously hurt. Jasper's only doing what is absolutely necessary in order to restrain him. He'll be fine. They'll both be fine. But, we're going to be at the house in less than two minutes. Is this really all that you want to ask me? Trust me, it's a very minor thing and we're wasting time discussing it!" Before I opened my mouth, she sighed and said, "you're not going to want to talk about anything else now. To think that when we first got in the car you were planning on asking me that sensible question about our cover story. Now you won't listen, even if I do tell you what the cover story is, and I'll