Now, I promise that the next chapter will be better ;u; A/N: Now, I know what you're thinking. "Urgh! Another fanfic about a character related to a main!" Well shh, I do what I want. This begins between Twilight and New Moon I OWN NOTHING ABOUT THIS EXCEPT MY OWN CHARACTER(S) AND STORY LINE. The moon had taken over the sky. Edward had just left to take Bella to prom, the rest of the Cullens occupying themselves any way they could. Emmett was practically glued to the TV with Rosaline curled into his side, Esme busied herself cleaning the already spotless house, and Carlisle was working into the night hours, while Alice and Jasper were taking a slow stroll around the grounds. All was peaceful - as it should be after James - until Alice stopped, gripping her husband's hand. Jasper put his spare hand on her tiny shoulder, looking down in concern. "Alice?" He didn't try and shake her as Alice gripped his hand. "Someone's coming this way..." Her airy tone made worry bubble up in his unused stomach. "Not fast enough for a Vampire, but still faster than a human..." She shook her head, clearing the vision, eyes snapping up. "We need to get back. Now!" They took off as fast as they naturally could, practically flying into the house. "Alice? Jasper?" Esme questioned, walking down the stairs and immediately noting the concerned expressions. "What's going on?" She tilted her head slightly at the pixie girl, awaiting an answer. "Someone I don't recognise is heading straight for us." "You see what they looked like?" Emmett asked, standing up with Rosaline to check the windows. There was nothing she could see so far, but diligence was the key. "Female. She was young, no older than seventeen by the looks of her." Alice's eyebrows furrowed slightly. "Blonde with bright blue eyes... So blue." Alice was struck by those intense eyes. Unless they were contacts, she was impressed. They were so oddly captivating, that Alice couldn't describe them properly."She was moving too fast to be a regular human, but way too slow to be one of us." "Unless she wasn't going full speed." Rosaline added her thoughts, getting nods of agreement from around the room. "That's possible to." Alice hummed, before her eyebrows un-furrowed, concern lacing her face. "She's stopped..." Alice commented quietly, more like she was muttering to herself, focusing on this one, lone girl. "She looks exhausted. She's ready to pass out, that's obvious." Alice's brow furrowed again. She was doing that a lot, it seemed."She'll go down only a mile from here, by that tree with the odd heart shaped hole in it." Alice broke free of the visions, shaking her head. "She'll collapse in two minutes, tops." "Maybe she's just passing through?" Esme looked hopeful at the thought, but Alice slowly shook her head. "As nice as that would be, I don't think she is. I wouldn't - Emmett!" Emmett had sped out of the house on his way to find the exhausted female, the others going after him. It took them only a few moments, before finding Emmett holding the girls shoulders gently to keep her on her feet, seeing how she struggled for breath. "Hey, come on, slow and deeps breaths... There you go... That's better, right?" After a few anxious moments, her head tiredly raised, capturing them all in those bright blue eyes Alice had described. She scanned them all slowly, stopping on Jasper. A relieved smile somehow worked its way onto her young, pretty face. "Found you." And then she became dead weight in Emmett's hands. They laid her on the couch, observing silently. Jasper's eyes were more on the lines of drilling holes in her skull, his brain whirring. " Found you." His eyes left her face and took in the rest of her, keeping all measurements in a folder in his brain. Height: Five-foot-one and a half inches Weight: Under 135lbs Hair Colour: Honey-blonde, his same shade Eye Colour: Light, deepened blue. It seems to have a captivating effect: reason unknown. Other Noticeable Features: Clear, deep bruising on her upper arms, hidden by dress sleeves. They seem to be in the form of finger prints, but were not caused by Emmett's hands on her shoulders. The bruising intrigued him. Perhaps she was simply running away from someone who had hurt her, and simply stumbled upon them... But then, how would she now who he was? Did she think he was somebody else? It made his brain fill with all kinds of irrational thoughts, so he took an unneeded breath before thinking in a way he knew. Who? A young girl, no older than sixteen by his guess, not seventeen, wore herself out to find him. She runs faster than any other human can, but still nowhere near as fast as he could. What? She obviously wants something from him, and that would become apparent when she woke up and they could question her. When? Around an hour ago. Where? Forks, Washington. Cullen residence. Why? The most unknown factor. It could be a number of reasons – most likely to do with her bruising – but could also be to deliver a message or threat. "Where is she?" Carlisle's voice snapped him out of his thought organisation, but he could think clearer now. Esme led Carlisle to the couch, his amber eyes curiously looking over the girl. "She definitely doesn't smell human... Or like any other creature I've come across." That was something to add to Jasper's folder: she didn't have the smell of a human, or a repulsive smell. If he had to put a name to it, the scent would be like the woods they lived in. He couldn't smell blood in her, but he knew it was there, yet he didn't have the urge to bite her. How confusing. "Warm." Carlisle commented, putting the back of his hand on her cheek. "I can hear her heart, and yet she can't be fully human." He turned from his kneeling position. "Alice, if you had to guess-" "50 miles per hour, tops." Alice filled in, smiling slightly. "But yet she sleeps. She gets tired... What a mystery she is." Carlisle examined her closer, also noting the bruising, and gently began to pour some water into her mouth from a glass, watching her swallow in her sleep. So, he continued to hydrate her slowly, his eyes focusing on his honey-blond son. "She spoke only to you?" A single nod. "What did she say?" "Found you." Jasper repeated, the words still bouncing around his mind. "That's all." "And how did she say it?" "... She was happy." Jasper answered after thinking back properly on the situation. "There was no malice, no ill intent, and no danger about it... She was just pleased to have found me." "Fascinating." Carlisle pushed some hair from the sleeping girl's angelic face. "Oh look..." He chuckled quietly. "Freckles." "Not my best feature." A soft, tired voice came from the couch, a yawn soon following. "I'm sorry, I always wake up when I hear someone talking about my freckles, no matter how deep in sleep I am." A small laugh followed that statement, quiet and timid, before her eyes fluttered open. Blue eyes – even clearer than before – took them all in. "Where am I, sir?" She asked Carlisle gently, the man noting the thick, Texas drawl. "You're safe in the Cullen home." Her face visibly relaxed. He offered a hand, a calm voice and a warm smile. "My name is Carlisle, and who are you?" "Jasmine, Carlisle sir." She shook his hand lightly, his eyes locking on hers. "Just Jasmine?" He gently prodded, wanting to be as careful as he could with getting information. If he could find out what Coven she was from, it would help grandly. "Jasmine Whitlock, Carlisle sir." You could've cut the air with a brooch pin, and she seemed to pick up on this. "I came lookin' for my great-great-great Uncle Jasper, Carlisle sir. He's the only other blood family I got." You didn't need Edward to know she wasn't lying. "... Is he here, Carlisle sir?" He found it odd that she kept calling him sir, but he supposed it wasn't that unusual. Depending on how old she really was, it may be normal for her. "I'm here." She sat up slowly at Jasper's oddly soft voice, turning her head as he walked over to the couch, perching on the edge. "I'm here." He repeated, offering a hand to hold as Carlisle moved away. She took it, her own hand beginning to shake. He could feel she was frightened, but also upset. "Why are you scared, Jasmine?" The chances were that they were linked, so he only needed to know the major problem, and that was always fear. "Because I don't know whether if you want me or not." There were tears building in her eyes; a child lost in such a big world, and her only family member left in it may not even want her. He saw his lost self in her. The situations were different – that much was obvious – but the feelings were just the same. Excluded, frightened and only having one person to lean on. For him, that person had been Alice. Now, it was his turn to be leaned on. "Hey now..." Jasper's drawl got naturally thicker as he listened to Jasmine's, shuffling closer when Jasmine pulled her knees up. "Don't think like that. It's silly to think I don't want you... But tell me how you knew I was here, okay?" A small smile came to his lips. "Because Uncle Jasper's very confused." The other Cullens stepped even further back, giving them more space, watching Jasper comfort the supposed relative. It was so odd – so foreign – to see him be so relaxed and friendly with any human-like creature with blood pumping through their veins, but it was a welcome sight. Jasmine shuffled closer, taking both his hands, not knowing Jasper was calming her with it. "I heard from Gramma about you as a kid, tales from her mom." "Jessamine." Jasper filled in, smiling at the memory of his actual twin sister. He had almost completely forgotten his sister, but now wasn't the time for previous life reflection. "How'd you know I'd be here?" "You're a Vampire." The room got tense. "It was an assumption made when she saw you from a distance with red eyes, but you fled with some Mexican girl before you saw her. Still, it was kept under lock 'n' key, no one else knows." Jasmine pressed into his side, happy for the cold feeling. "Jessamine spent her whole life trying to find you again, but you always hid away too well." "She's lucky she didn't find me. I wasn't the best person back then."Jasper could've shivered at the thought of hurting his sister, or the thought of how close he could've come if he had spotted her that day. "Jessamine didn't care. If she died fighting you, then she'd be the happiest person on the planet." Jasmine managed a small laugh. "Gramma always said that Jessamine swore to kick your ass if she found you." "That sounds like something Jessamine would say..." jasper chuckled. "It wouldn't have happened to go like: Heaven above, when I get my hands on that boy, he'll have to tangle with my chokehold again! Would it?" "Those words exactly, actually!" Jasmine managed a laugh that sounded far more like it belonged to her. A sound he could compare to children gleefully playing in the snow. He thought back on all the times she had locked his head in that chokehold, her legs squeezing his windpipe as she demanded he yielded. He missed that, oddly. She would've been a formidable Vampire, indeed... "You didn't answer the question." Rosaline cut in, looking impatient. "How did you know where to find him?" "I travelled around