Aragorn loves and marries another before Arwen, an elleth named Lillianeth, daughter of the last Noldorian king, Gil-gilad. However, their life together is cut short when Lillianeth dies during the birth of their child, a daughter named Aralynn. Short years later the Dunedain are attacked and Aragorn is separated from his child. Grief-stricken, Aragorn sets out to find his daughter, she who is Born of Hope. AU/OC. *This story is the beginning of an arc revolving around Aragorn and his daughter that will show how her existence will alter the fate of Middle-earth, not to mention how she will change her father. Later instalments will follow the events of Tolkien's trilogy in an alternate universe sort of way, of course. :P Hope you'll stay along for the ride! ~Sierra* Disclaimer: I do not nor have I ever owned Tolkien's worlds, works, or characters. I'm just playing in his sand box. Props to the master. Prologue Forbidding clouds hid the sun, bringing darkness before its time. By mid-afternoon the lamps of Bree had been lit and sat flickering beneath rounded panes, little dots of dancing light flanked by the western edge of the South Downs. Once a meeting place of ancient roads, the present village was naught but a smattering of stone houses and hobbit holes above the old highway. Aragorn had always found its inhabitants amiable enough, although they spared little love for him and his kin. Bree-folk were tiresomely inquisitive, but cautious, and they cared little for the wandering men they called rangers. He and those with him had arrived only the night before, but Aragorn was certain that by now all of Bree-land had heard of their coming. Less than a score all told, but more than enough wanderers to set the tiny township on edge. The Dunedain were not welcome here. Aragorn leaned against the southern wall of a small stable, toeing a tuft of the desiccated swath as he tried vainly to hide from the wind funnelling through the plains between Emyn Uial and the Weather Hills. A dark hood hung low over his face, shadowing grim features, yet not so low he couldn't watch those who passed. He pulled his cloak tighter against his chest, its edges pinned beneath his forearms, safe from the prying fingers of the wind. A hobbit passed, eying the sword belted at Aragorn's waist and quickening his stout pace until he'd passed the bend in the road. Aragorn sighed. It had been a long time since a stranger last looked at him with anything but fear or disdain. His clothes were dark, worn and spattered with mud, a soldier's garb, well-fit but ill-mended. He wondered if people could see the finely-woven elven tunic with sterling stitching beneath his long water-stained coat, would they think better of him for it. Aragorn heard his name over the wind and turned toward the call. Halbarad's broad frame filled the doorway of a cottage that sat nestled in the crook of the hills, motioning for Aragorn to come. With a final glance at the murky skies, Aragorn drew up the collar of his cloak and strode for shelter. Her pains had begun three nights ago. By first light they'd crossed at Tharbad, keeping to the North Road, known among Bree-folk as the Greenway. She'd ridden nestled against him, close enough he'd felt the tightening of her stomach when each contraction came. He'd pressed his lips to her ear, whispering in Sindarin as she squeezed his hand, forcing the blood from his fingers. Riding double had cost them time, but they'd reached the village proper just as the gates were closing at the end of the second day. Aragorn had never been so glad to see the mossy gates of Bree split the hedge beyond the dike. He'd intended to see his wife to Rivendell before the first winter snows, but the snows had come early. A fierce arctic squall had blown down from the north coast, pinning the rangers down at Lond Daer, leaving them unable to make the journey north until the winds and the snows had subsided. That the child was three weeks early had only left Aragorn more unprepared for its arrival. Firstborns tended to be late rather than early, although he supposed it was fitting that this particular firstborn would differ, considering his own obstinacy. It should only serve that his child had inherited it. Lillianeth had always been the patient one, the strong one, the wise, the compassionate one. Was. Not had been. Was , he amended as his eyes filled with tears. He tried to smile, conjuring memories of the days when he'd stood, scrawny arms crossed over his chest as he stomped his small foot and glared at the venerable Elrond Peredhil who had been father, teacher, and comforter to him for the first years of his life. His rebellions in the Last Homely House had been an amusement to his ageless caregivers and Elrond's soothing healer's temperament could quickly squelch little Estel's unruliness. It was only as Aragorn grew older, more restless and more headstrong that he was made privy to the steely temper that glinted beneath the half-elf's self-possessed countenance. Yet thoughts of his foster father brought grief too, for it was not just the snows that had made Aragorn delay his journey northward. Part of Aragorn`s hesitancy had stemmed from his disagreement with Elrond when last they'd met. Not that his foster father's anger was undeserved. Aragorn had wed Lillianeth, sole child of the last Noldorian high king, Gil-gilad. Elrond had opposed the marriage: he maintained that for a mortal king yet to be crowned to marry one of high blood was unwise, even if such a union would renew the diminished line of Numenorean kings and return the lords of Gondor to their former might and wisdom. Aragorn knew it had not been lack of love for men that made Elrond refuse. Elrond's love for Lillianeth simply exceeded his love of men and magnified his reluctance to surrender the sole child of his friend and king to a mortal fate, although she herself was willing. Lillianeth had made every effort to persuade Elrond that her marriage to Aragorn and a mortal life was what her heart desired, yet in this matter, as in few others, Elrond had been immovable. Tempers had flared and Lillianeth was brought to tears, her fondness for her father's herald surpassing any bonds of blood or duty. At the sight of Lillianeth's tears Elrond had left the house, but Aragorn had followed close on his heels, his cutting words carving through the stillness of Elrond's gardens. They'd fought bitterly, both ignoring Glorfindel's attempts to subdue their quarrel. Aragorn had never seen Elrond as hurt or as angry as he been that day. When Aragorn had stalked away fighting tears, Glorfindel had lingered and Aragorn wished he'd not heard Elrond's last words. Wait, please. Aragorn I-I love you…my son. Pride alone had pushed Aragorn through the vine-draped arches and kept him from looking back at the one he'd loved and revered since childhood. Still, though Aragorn knew his foster father would welcome him and his wife into his home with joy and great love, he felt as if some curtain had been drawn between them. He told himself it was the snows that had made him delay his departure, but Aragorn knew it was his shame and his pride. He'd put off leaving longer than he should have. He'd waited until the last possible moment and now his wife lay dying, in a small town of meddlesome mortals, far beyond even Elrond's reach. Aragorn squeezed his eyes shut, wishing with all his might to open them and find himself standing at the door to his father's house, to see the lights burning, to hear the warm welcome of the door wardens and to feel the strength of his brothers' embrace. If he'd not been so proud, so selfish, they would now be safe, protected by the mighty spires of Rivendell's mountains. This was his fault. Halbarad had been pushing him to leave for over a month. Lillianeth had been packed to leave two weeks after the Dunedain settled in Lond Daer. Even he himself had been dreaming of passing a winter of ease among the elves since the first frosts. Still he'd delayed. He stopped mid-stride, hunched against the pummelling wind and wept, face in hands as he prayed to the Valar, to Eru himself, that they might hear the cry of his soul and take pity on such a wretched and undeserving man as him. I do not pray to you as elves do, with faithfulness and reverence. Or at least I have not since I dwelt among them. Aragorn stared up at the sky, trying to envision the stars he knew lay blanketed beneath the unyielding clouds. But please, if you have not forgotten me, if I yet hold any of the grace you have gifted those who sheltered me from the shadows of this world, please. Please, don't take them from me. They are so precious to me. Please. He grimaced, tugging his hood down over his face to fend off the pricking of the snow and started walking again, taking little comfort in a prayer to beings he barely believed were listening, let alone cared for the fate of his wife and unborn child. His bitterness surprised him, having shared the regard of the Noldor for those who dwelt in Aman during his years in Rivendell and even after. When had that changed he wondered, ducking as he entered the midwife's house and flinching when the door slammed shut behind him. He leaned against it, breathless. "My lord?" Aragorn lifted his head, nudging back his sleet-soaked hood as he met the elder man's gaze. Halbarad's dark eyes gleamed and teardrops hung, glinting like gems where they'd caught in his sterling beard. Aragorn looked away and stomped vigorously to rid his iced boots of their extra weight. "This storm is worse than the one that picked up your tent in the middle of the night and strung it up in those trees under the Blue Mountains." Aragorn's laughter sounded forced, even to his own ears. "I'll never forget the expression on your face when you finally woke up, buried to your waist in snow. I could have sworn you were one of the fallen kings, waking after a thousand years of slumber." Aragorn walked to the far side of the room, sliding the rocking chair closer to the hearth as he sat and began prying the top of his boots away from his calves. Halbarad's mournful eyes followed him uncertainly. "I don't think I've laughed so hard before or since." Halbarad grunted. "You weren't laughing so hard when I took your tent and sent you up the tree after mine, were you." Aragorn's lips twitched upwards reflexively but fell short of a smile as he set his boots in front of the fire. Outwardly there was nothing extraordinary about them. They were a dull dun color boot, worn and gouged, but the velvety rabbit-skin lining was tight as a drum. Even in this weather his feet were warm. They were of elven craft. A gift from Lillianeth and the twins two winters ago after he'd gotten a horrendous case of frost-bite trekking through the Misty Mountains after orcs. Tears flooded his eyes, but he blinked them back. "Aragorn." The weight of Halbarad's mammoth hand on his shoulder was of no comfort. He fixed his gaze on one of the cornerstones of the hearth, his eyes tracing its mottled surface. Halbarad's hand didn't move. "Do you remember the first time I met you," Aragorn asked quietly, his voice barely rising above the crackling flames at his feet. "That was more than fifty years ago." Aragorn nodded, his eyes never leaving the small granite stone. He'd been fifteen, on an errand with his foster brothers Elladan and Elrohir, before