Aimer and Pippin had been wandering farmer Maggot's crops in search of tender ears of sun kissed corn... And perhaps a tasty mushroom or two. It was a gorgeous day without a cloud to be seen for miles around. The sky looked almost like an aqua colored sheet, without a blemish to taint it's undying beauty. Ever since the battle for the ring had been brought to its ultimate demise, Pippin had managed to get himself into relations with many of the hobbit women inhabiting the Shire. His bravery and acts of valor were now known far and wide... Even though many of the supposed "truths of war" told about him were stretched for the purpose of making far better stories. Young Pippin had been unable to cope with this kind of attention at first... even though it was no secret that he enjoyed it quite a bit, he was far too young to be having such romantic relationships as the shire women desired to have with him. Multiple times, he had found himself hiding in the corner of the Prancing Pony, filled to the brim with desperate females, trying in vain to seek refuge and become a normal hobbit again... if only for a moment. Since Merry, Pippin's older cousin, had to cope with the turmoils that came with fame as well, Pippin had eventually let his fame get him down and out... Until the day he finally met someone he could truly confide in. A young, bubbly, and unmistakably beautiful hobbit girl by the name of Aimer. Aimer was a kind hobbit with a genuine heart of gold. She had secretly possessed a crush on Peregrin for years... far before his sudden fame was sparked. The roll of his Scottish accent sent chills up her spine every time she was given the privilege to hear it. Their long conversations together had sent her away a breathless shell of her former self... Staring into his emerald colored eyes always managed to penetrate her very soul. It was as if he could read her like a book... As if her feelings were displayed upon her quivering lips and trembling hands like pages. In all honesty, though he never spoke a word of it to anyone, Pippin had been pondering over his own feelings as well. He had enjoyed the tight bond of friendship he held with Aimer... The almost inseparable relationship they had managed to form as of late. Often times, Merry had been away on business, fighting robbers and bandits littering the Shire and elsewhere. Those ruffians couldn't even begin to compare to the multitudes of orcs they had hewn down only two years before. Though Pippin was in fact at peace with Merry's new found duties, he soon enough found himself a rather lonely young hobbit with no one to talk to who wasn't head over heels in love with him... He had grown tired of being treated like such a celebrity all the time, and longed for the simple privilege of sitting down to a nice cold glass of beer with his old companions. He had seldom been away from Merry, and sorely missed talking with him into the very depths of the night. Summer days often grew dreary and cold without his anyone there to comfort him... But all of this had changed when he met Aimer. Aimer's golden curls bounced up and down like living beams of sunshine as she skipped through the corn field. The stalks grew up around her like a maze, and Pippin found himself far too often separated from her. Fresh carrots and red skinned potatoes fell from his arms as he jogged clumsily after her. Farmer Maggot's crops had been plentiful this year to say the very least, and he would not be the one to miss out on the opportunity to acquire such tasty delicacies. "This'll make for a great stew later on." thought the young hobbit, licking his lips subconsciously. "Maybe Sam will be gracious enough to stew us up some of that nice, tender rabbit meat to accompany it... Without ol' Gollum there to pester him about how disgustin 'taters' are, it should be quite the easy and enjoyable feat!" Pippin allowed the thought of scrumptious food to fill his mind to the brim with steamy images of afternoon tea times and dinners well spent. His eyes acquired a glazed, far off look, and soon he found his poor, hobbit nose planted straight into Aimer's back. He jolted back with a start and put a hand to his sore nose, dropping several of his fresh veggies in the process. "Oof... That pain right there is enough to make any hobbit cry! I'm real Sorry about th..." Pippin's sentence dropped short. His hand fell limp and unmoving to his side. Lying directly in front of him was a sight that he never believed he would have to gaze upon again. He and Aimer were standing helplessly in the midst of a band of orcs. The strong leather of the whip was already wrapped tightly around Aimer's forearm. Before she had any time to react, it was snapped back, stealing pieces of bloody flesh as it whipped to its place behind one of the orcs. Pippin immediately assumed him to be the leader. He was an ugly slate color, with cold, dead eyes that possessed no emotion saving hatred. His lips were pulled back into a contorted grin over his brilliant array of fangs, which shown eerily under the light of the once happy and golden sunshine. One of his ears was mutilated beyond recognition, and lie in what seemed to be a splatter of molten and bubbling flesh taped to the side of his head. His snout was pushed in like that of a pug, and his nostrils seemed to be nothing but slits opening up into endless pits within his cruel head. Directly behind the leader, four other orcs stood menacingly, snickering at each whimper of pain that now escaped Aimer's throat. Pippin could scarcely believe what his eyes were seeing. Surely he and his companions had destroyed each and every one of Saruman's minions during the course of that one, final battle. Pippin had seen all of the bloodshed... And even the torrents of water that had overtaken his enemies in one furious wave. The ents had crushed many of the orcs like wriggling bugs beneath their branched feet... So how was it that five of them were now looming hungrily over he and Aimer? Did they resurrect from the dead... Or perhaps never perish at all, despite the death of even their malignant leader, Sauron? The lead orc searched the faces of the two hobbits intently. It was obvious that he took great joy in absorbing each and every sign of fear that shown blatantly upon them. He relished Aimer's silent sobs like a sweet candy, while Pippin gazed up at him with a look half of fear... and half of pain on the behalf of his dear friend. The orc raised the leather whip again, already stained crimson with splotches of Aimer's blood. He allowed a deep, throaty growl to escape from his mouth, and an evil, joyous smile contorted his fanged face once again. The whip cracked in Aimer's direction... And landed with a sickening thwack on pippin's lower arm, poised protectively in front of him. Aimer gasped in surprise at seeing her dear friend wincing in pain before her. The leather strip that should have sliced across her ivory colored face only moments before was now being torn across Pippin's slender body. She couldn't believe that he would take such pain on her behalf. What could have possibly possessed him to step in front of her like that? "That nitwit!" She thought silently as angry tears stung her eyes. She had never known someone to intercede on her behalf, especially when pain was involved. But there was Pippin... Blood running down his arms in tiny rivulets just like her own, taking the pain that was originally intended for her. "S-S-Stop this at once!" Aimer screamed to the top of her lungs. Her voice broke a little bit, and she hated herself for it. What a terrible occasion for her courage to fail! Pippin needed her... But what was she to do at a time like this? "Aimer... Run! I'll fight them off if I can! Please, just ru..." Pippin's sentence ended in a sharp cry of agony as the whip hit the side of his face. Already visible streams of fresh blood had begun to rise to the surface of his cheek and right ear. Aimer stared at him in utter horror, half expecting him to crumple to the ground in an endless wave of sobs... But had she forgotten? Pippin had changed since the time of their childhood. The stories so often told of him by those who admired his bravery were true. Pippin stood his ground, wiping the back of his hand swiftly across his cheek to remove the blood that was trickling into the corners of his mouth. His shoulders remained broad and confident, challenging his enemies with an unspoken threat. His green eyes shown like angry jewels under the light of the now blaring sun, and when he spoke, it was with utmost authority: "Keep your filthy hands off my friend you stinking beasts, or I'll be forced to rip you limb from limb!" Even Pippin was surprised at the courageous tone his voice had taken on. His Scottish accent flared behind each of his words, making the sentence he had just uttered that much more valiant. The orcs laughed their cackling, wretched laugh in unison... A dark, echoing sound that rumbled out of their heartless chests. "As if a halfling like you could take on such power!" The leader of the orcs growled as he threw his blood stained whip to the ground, and motioned sharply to his sturdy, muscular chest. Before Pippin could respond, the orc had promptly replaced his whip with a dagger that had been hanging in a tattered sling by his side. It resembled a spider web, and it's sharp edge was jagged and cracked as a result of previous battles. The orc's muscles shown tightly under the gray blue skin, like knots of pure strength. His nostrils flared in and out at a rapid pace with the anger of having been defied by such a weak excuse for a warrior. He now shot rancid puffs of oxygen into Pippin's face that polluted the air around him with the stench of dead and rotting meat. He glowered down at Pippin with a look of satisfaction at having bested his prey, and raised his dagger menacingly to the hobbit's throat. What on earth had he gotten himself into? Pippin stared intently at the blade glimmering before him. His eyes flickered with a faint trace of terror, and being aware of this, he immediately tried to hide his fear. He knew within the very depths of his soul that he would never be able to live up to such a powerful villain alone... Much less, one that now had a weapon poised at his throat. Though he knew for a fact that many back in the shire regarded him as a hero who cut down evil man and beast in the final battle for the ring, he had spent most of that time on the backs of towering ents... Crushing enemies beneath not his own feet, but those belonging to Treebeard. He was far too frail, and his muscles far too powerless to match this orc's strength... And though the orcs glowering with a sickening hunger behind their leader were lanky and weak looking in comparison, he would be overtaken in a matter of moments if this fight continued on much longer. Coming abruptly to his senses, he turned to Aimer with a look of apology and sheer fear displayed upon his face. At once,