A/N: I needed a bit of a creative break from my multi-chapter fic so I wanted to expand one of my favourite parts of Catching Fire. I wish it had been longer so we could see this shift in their relationship because it my mind, this was a turning point for them that deserved exploration. Disclaimer: I'm not a botanist, just someone that really loves plants. My mother examines my heel again the day after I landed on it jumping over the fence and determines that I need bedrest for at least a week, probably longer. I don't mind given how exhausted and sore I feel but I'm itching to do something and I yearn for the open woods with all its freedom and peace. Here, I can't avoid the thoughts that seem to drown me: how I've failed to calm the districts and convince him of my love for Peeta. I don't know what happens next but I know it can't be good. I hear a knock. "Yes?" I snap at the door. I don't need any more attention from my mother, I just want her to leave me be. But instead Peeta walks in tentatively. "Sorry, I thought you were my mom." "It's okay, I just wanted to see how you were doing." He stands at the end of the bed, which feels so far away. I motion to the chair beside the bed and he sits. "I'm okay. Bored out of my mind but okay." He nods in understanding. "I feel that way a lot, too. I mean, I'm not bedridden or anything but since my mother hasn't been letting me work at the bakery, I don't have a lot to do." He smiles weakly but I know it bothers it. "I imagine soon my house will be overrun with more paintings than I know what to do with. Sometimes I bake but I don't really have anyone to bake for. Speaking of which, I did bake some more cheese buns for you today." He reaches into his bag and hands me one, which I take greedily. It's warm in my hand as I take a bite. "I think I've eaten more cheese buns than anyone ever should," I laugh. Peeta smiles but then his brows crease in worry. "Do you want me to make you something else? I just always make the cheese buns because I know you like them." "Oh no, I could eat them forever. Definitely don't stop making them." He still looks concerned. "I'm never going to protest any food you give me but I will definitely protest if you stop bringing these." I stuff the rest of it in my mouth and his lips form a smile. "What have you been painting?" He shrugs. "Nothing interesting. Sometimes the plants in my house, other times I paint what I imagine my garden will look like when it's spring. Green and lush. Then other times I paint what I showed you on the train." I nod. The Games. Forever haunting both of our dreams. He glances over at the leather book on my side table. "What's that?" I pick it up and turn it over in my hands "It's a plant book that has been passed down in my family." I open the clasp and turn to a random page. There is an ink drawing alongside a list of details: the name, its medicinal uses, a description. I turn it to show it to him. "I've wanted to add to it for a while but I'm a lousy artist." Peeta smiles at that; he's brilliant so I imagine to his eye, my art would look like a child's. Then an idea sparks. "Do you want to help me with it? You can draw and I'll write." He nods and his eyes light up in a way that cause my stomach to flutter. 1. Chicory This process seems to require a lot of trial and error. Peeta sit in the chair beside the bed and draws in his own sketchbook while I give him a basic set of description. He proves to be much more patient than I am. I make him draw the flower of the plant at least 10 times before I'm satisfied with the size and shape of the pedals. After I determine he's got it all right, I give him the plant book and tell him to be gentle with it, though I'm already certain he will be without the instruction. He lightly glides his pencil across the paper and begins to make the beginnings of a stem. "What is this one called again?" "Chicory." I think back to my first time digging around the blue flower, clumped along the edges of a stretch of grass in the woods. "It turns out that their roots, when baked and ground, are a great substitute for coffee." I shrug. "At least that's what my mom tells me." I watch him mimic the shape of the roots in the sketch. He expertly manipulates the instrument in his strong hands. If I didn't know him, I don't think I'd peg him as a delicate painter. "How come you were the ones that decorated the cakes?" Peeta doesn't look up from the page where he stares intently. "No one else wanted to do it. I was the youngest so it became my job. But I actually liked it." He holds out the drawing for me to see. I nod my approval. He smiles at me and then turns back to the paper. "There is a lot of peace that comes from decorating, and painting too. There is so much time to think and just work in quiet. Working on the cakes was an especially nice break from the chaos of the rest of the shop." I can't help but imagine him working in a corner of the bakery, staring thoughtfully at a half decorated mountain of cake with streaks of frosting on his face. "What?" he asks. I realize I am smiling and shake it off, telling him it's nothing. 2. Huckleberry The huckleberry was actually already in this book courtesy of my father but sometime during my early searches for edible plants in the woods following his death, it tore out and was lost, along with invaluable information about the tasty berry. Peeta has no problem copying down the berry and gets the plant right after only a few sketches. I watch him shading the blue of the berry with a thin layer of paint and my mouth waters thinking of popping one in my mouth. I long for the warm weather that will bring them growing in little clumps out in the woods. Peeta blends the colors with his fingers and I notice that the colour of his eyes match that of the berry. He looks up at me and catches me looking at him. He doesn't call me on it when I quickly avert my gaze. "Is there a story behind this one?" I think hard; is there? Then I remember. "A lot of them grow by the lake. My father taught me to swim there in the summer when I was around seven and afterwards we ate huckleberries until our tongues were purple." The memory feels warm and fresh, as if it weren't so distant. My father has been gone for six years, even if the berries still grow without him. I think of one specific day when the sun was bright and the water a shimmering blue. "There was this one time when I cut my foot on a rock in the lake. While he wrapped it up, he had me eat tons of huckleberries. 'They help prevent infection,' he said. Then he carried me home on his back." I laugh at the memory, remembering my innocence and the way my father's cheeks dimpled when he smiled at me. I look over at Peeta and he's staring at me with curiosity and I look away when I realize I haven't ever talked to him about my father before. He's always been a private part of me and I always feared that sharing pieces of him would make him feel even further away but I realize it doesn't. In a way, it feels like he's closer now that someone can share it with me. I don't realize I'm crying until Peeta sits on the bed and puts his hand on my cheek, wiping a tear away with his thumb. I smile weakly at him and wait for him to take the hand away but he doesn't. We stay like that until the intimacy becomes too much and I turn away shyly. "I'm going to warm up some cheese buns, I'll be right back." He leaves me alone to collect myself and I just collapse back on my pillow and let the memory settle in my chest. I wonder how Peeta always seems to know what I need when I don't know myself. 3. Chanterelle I don't know at what point it became part of the routine for Peeta to sit on the end of my bed while he sketches but it came seamlessly, as if he had always lounged there. Even with him here, though, I long to be outside. My body isn't used to this sort of sedentary lifestyle and I don't like it at all. For this plant, or I guess fungus actually, I want to be showing him rather than explaining. "How come you're so specific about these gills? What's what they're called, right?" Peeta has no idea what I'm talking about half the time and I feel like I'm teaching him like I might a child. He doesn't seem to mind or be embarrassed by it, though. "Well, there are just a ton of mushrooms that look exactly like this one and those aren't are friendly to the stomach." I cringe remembering an instance when I made that mistake and the horrible cramps that followed. "You definitely want to make sure that it's the right one before you eat it. But there are plenty of chanterelle in the woods since they grow next to trees." He nods, super intrigued and continues sketching ribbed lines into the drawing. I like passing the knowledge along, even though he'll never really need it. He pauses and looks out the window with a stare that captures the same longing that has been eating me whole for the last week. Is he bored of this? "What does it feel like?" "The mushroom? They're soft, I guess." He shakes his head. "No, I mean being in the woods." OH. I have no idea how to answer this. I look down at my hands, which are no longer callused and hardened, and they don't feel like my own. They are too soft, too pink. The rest of me is this way, too. I wonder when exactly I lost ownership of my own body and it doesn't take long to recall the early minutes in the Capitol, stripped of my clothes and five layers of hair and skin. It's not Cinna's or the prep team's fault but the boxes of wedding dresses downstairs remind me that I am never free. I must be silent for a while because Peeta begins to fumble, muttering apologies in the sensitive way that I've come to find endearing. "No, it's okay." I attempt reassurance before a memory stirs something in me. "Remember the nights on the train?" He nods and tentatively smiles at me. He fears my rejection and I ache a little knowing he's probably expecting negativity; I've given him nothing else to expect. "Being in the woods is kind of like how I felt when you held me those nights." I can't meet his eyes. "Safe, comfortable, warm. It doesn't feel scary out there, full of uncertainly and hate… I miss it." Neither of us speaks for a while. Peeta just sketches and I pull at the skin