A.N: I don't anything of the twilight series. This all came from my imagination….. I sigh, "I'm not sure why everyone is making a big deal out of my 17th birthday…" Edward smirks and says as he drives towards his house, "We aren't making as big as deal as Alice had planned. She was going to invite the whole school, hire a DJ…." My eyes widen, "She didn't…." He laughs, "No, it's just going to be my family. I don't see why you are not happy about celebrating your 17th birthday. You can finally legally drive that hunk of red metal other than to school…you're the same age as my physical human age….yeah that's all I can think of…." Our governor recently made a law that 16 year olds could drive alone to school and back but not after 6pm and curfew of weekends was 8pm. Also not allow to be more than 30 miles away from your house. I roll my eyes, "Don't make fun of my truck. It's a classic." He laughs and replies, "I'm sorry for making fun of your precious truck." We arrived at the Cullen's house and Edward says, "We are early. I wanted some time alone before the family get together. They are out hunting right now." Deep inside, I was hoping we were going to use this alone time, wisely…..like going to the next level. Though, this was Edward we were talking about….when things got heated during our make out sessions, he usually pulled away. It was frustrating. He opens the door for me and I grab his hand as he helps me out of the car. I smooth down the dress that Alice made me wear. I probably should had taken a look at the weather and saw it was going to be in the 50s tonight. Most people from here would be okay without bundling up in this weather but living in places like Arizona and California…it was a bit out of my element. Edward and I walk into his house, hand in hand. I was relieved that the heater was on in the house. He led me upstairs, to his room. Soon after we dated he had bought a bed for me and clearly stated that it was for sleeping. On the bed there set a neatly wrapped present in gold paper and red ribbon. He says, "Open it." I say, "I told you not to get me anything." Edward says, "Bella it's your birthday. It's custom to get presents on your birthday." I sigh and walk over to the bed and sit on it as I put the present in my lap, carefully unwrapping the paper. It was so beautifully wrapped…I felt bad tearing into it. Edward said amusingly, "It's going to be your 40th birthday before you ever get that unwrapped…" I rolled my eyes and said, "It's too nicely wrap to mess it up and you have an eternity….anyway." I finally got the present unwrapped and it revealed a white box. I pull the white box and inside was old bounded books of Pride and Prejudice. Edward sits next to me and says, "It's an original copy, they are in 3 volumes." I look at Edward in awed and say, "But this cost 10s of thousands of dollars….." Edward says, "It doesn't matter. The look on your face is worth every penny." A lot of the time he would completely frustrate me and make me angry with his ridiculous boundaries but then times like this make all of it worth it. It wasn't that he spent 1000s of dollars on me…which deep down I had a hard time dealing with…but that he knows how to perfectly pick out the perfect present for me…though he made had help from Alice with her psychic powers…but that didn't matter. I reply, "I love it." I was scare to pick up the books, because they seem so fragile I put the top back on and gently sat it on the table beside the bed and then turn to Edward and kiss him. His cold lips move with mine and I pull his shirt guiding him with me as I lay down on the bed. My hands guiding up his torso, feeling his define muscles. I felt Edward hand on my bare leg and I silently remind myself to thank Alice for making me wear this dress. His hand was slowly guiding from my calve to my thigh, he was always so careful to not have our pelvic areas touch and I desperately tried to have our bodies fully touch…but it was too impossible so I desperately try to get shirt off as I clumsily start unbutton it but then what always happened he stopped. He sighs as he pulls up with the half way unbutton shirt that I worked so hard on. He pulls my dress down…that had hitched up to my new Victoria Secret undies….which was another gift from Alice. He then sits on the side of bed pulling his hands in his now disheveled hair. I sit up leaning on the head board and crossing my legs. I ask, "Are you going to ever want me…intimately?" Edward gets up and turns to me, "We have gone over this Bella. I don't want to hurt you….If I lose even the tiniest bit of self control, I could crush you or even….bite you. I'm a monster, in a teenage boy's body…"I sigh, "So what? If you crush me…you could go on and change me and if you accidently bite me then you could go on and let the change take place…or suck out the venom and spit it out like you did with James." He said in a serious tone, "I won't change you….not like that." I look the other way out the window, "So I'm just going to be human, get old and you are going to court me without ever been intimate…" Edward says, "Maybe one day I will consider changing you but when you are an adult…..and when you actually understand what the consequences and repercussions there are with being changed." I sigh angrily because he knew how I hated being consider as a child and I felt the bed move and him lay beside me and he says in a more gentle voice as he grabs my hand, "With the intimate part….hopefully my control becomes better….it's already improved with being around you….use to I could barely kiss you without the burn in my throat and the blood lust desire….but now that has faded….so I'm sure over time….I'll be able to be more intimate…" I knew I was being irrational and I see why he still considers me a child because my emotions get the best of me but I sigh once again and squeeze his hand as I look over at his gentle topaz eyes and say, "I'm sorry. I shouldn't get mad at you….I know you try…..I just can't help it sometimes because sometimes it feels like you are pushing me away because you don't want me…" He kisses my head gently and says, "If you even knew how much I wanted you. If I could be human just for a day….believe me I would cancel this party and we would just stay in this bed for the whole 24 hours" I giggle and he smiles, "I love you Bella Swan." I give him a gentle kiss on his lips and say, "I love you Edward Cullen." We made out, the PG style making out, side by side and hands not going roaming in any where below the neck. Edward finally release and says, "They are almost here." He rises up and slides off the bed and grabs my hand, helping me off the bed. Edward's shirt was still halfway unbuttoning, revealing his perfect chest and part of his defined abs that I rarely get to see. I go to the bathroom that is attached to his room and fix my hair and neatly smooth my dress out, then do a few human things before going downstairs. Edward says when I exit out of the bathroom, "Ready?" His shirt was button and his clothes and hair were perfectly neat again. I nod, "I guess so." I grab his hand as he leads me downstairs where the rest of the families were standing in the living room, waiting for us. Alice for a second glared up at Edward and I noticed them having a silent conversation. Maybe Alice planned on Edward and I to get intimate….since she did buy me new underwear…which is really a weird birthday present, from a best friend….I guess it is…haven't had a lot of best friends in my life. Alice then looks up and says happily, "Happy Birthday, Bella!" Everyone else then chimed in with the "Happy Birthdays." I blush and say, "Thanks. You guys really didn't have to do this…." Esme smiles sweetly, "We haven't been able to celebrate a person's first 17th birthday in a very long time…it's our pleasure." She smiles lovingly at Carlisle who has his arm around her waist and pulls and envelope from behind her back, "Here We got you this…" I blush again and look at the two, "Really, didn't have to give me anything…I think the free medical care and food is enough." Carlisle chuckles and says, "That's absurd, Bella. It's your birthday…open it." I sigh but open it up. It was two plane tickets to Jacksonville, Florida. Esme says, "With my…as people say, , motherly nature…I know your mother has to miss you dearly and I have notice that you haven't seen her much this year…so hopefully you can use this during one of your school breaks or the summer." I did miss my mother, dearly and I saw her in Seattle this summer….since Phil had a game there…it was a short visit. I give Esme a tight hug and say, "Thank you." I then give Carlisle an awkward hug….not sure why it was awkward…it was never awkward to hug any of the other male members of this family…..and shouldn't be with Carlisle since he has been my doctor for past year, but I may have a tiny girly crush on him. I'd never admit to Edward and hope Jasper doesn't noticed. He hugs back and I say, "Thank you." He smiles, "It was our pleasure, Bella." I step back and Alice says her hands clasp with Jasper's…"well we have already giving you your present" and Jasper raises his eyebrow and at her and says, "What did we get her." Alice says, "The dress she is wearing" She then disapprovingly looks at the Keds shoes I am wearing and say, "And the shoes she is not wearing." Thankfully she didn't mention the underwear. I shrug and say, "Alice I would have killed myself in those heels….." Alice rolls my eyes, "You wouldn't have…I would have seen it before….like every other time you have almost accidently killed yourself…" Everybody laughs and I roll my eyes at Alice. Jasper jokes, "I picked out the dress. You're welcome." Everyone laughs and Alice says, "Yes the dress you didn't know about until now." Emmett then says, "My turn!" He gives me a bear hug and my feet leave the floor. Edward says, "Please don't crush my girlfriend." Emmett puts me down and smirks at Edward before he hands me my present. "It's from me and Rose." Rose rolls her eyes and says, "I don't even know what it is." She wasn't very fond of me. Esme chided, "Rosalie." I say, "Its okay." I start to open the present and my finger accidently grazes the edge of the paper and I say, "ouch." At the slight sting in my finger….I then watch the blood as it slides downs my finger before I could think, I heard a growl and look up…Jasper with a animalistic look on his face was inches from me but Edward pushed me back into