AN: Many of the characters of this story belong to the ever lovely Jo. The plot and other vampires you meet later, I can claim credit for. September, 2003. Since the war had ended, Harry had been spending every free moment continuing the purge of Number Twelve Grimmauld Place and restoring it to a home of great prestige. Now, five years later, the entire house had been made hospitable and cheerful, a feat that many said couldn't be done. He had even been able to remove the awful portrait of Walburga Black. The only exception had been the attic. Thus far, Harry had avoided it as he figured that was where the Blacks had stored all of their heirlooms and more questionable possessions. Now however, he was on leave from the auror office after his last case, Ginny was out of town for a while with the Harpies, and Ron and Hermione were on their honeymoon. With nothing better to do for the next week, Harry entered the attic and determined that if he couldn't finish clearing everything within the week, he would seal the door and leave it be. Harry sighed and started his methodical sweeping of the garbage in front of him, constantly alert for the feel of dark magic or traps that would likely permeate the room. The first few days of cleaning were uneventful with nothing more serious than seventh year level hexes and curses that Harry disarmed or deflected easily. He had cleared more than half the room by this point and he could see the wall on the other side, when he realized that he was not the only one in the room. In the corner farthest from the door, stood a figure so surrounded by objects that it seemed to be trapped there without even room to sit down. Harry wouldn't have realized that the figure was a living being if he hadn't noticed the glowing yellow eyes following him as he moved about the room. Curiosity prompted him forward to investigate. His wards would have told him if anyone had been coming or going from any part of his house even if he was away for work. This meant that whoever was in his attic had to have been living there for at least the last five years, probably more. This concerned Harry, because if it was true, whoever it was, was most likely more than just human to have survived. As he got closer, he noticed that the figure, who was definitely male, had a body so frail that he seemed to be held together only by magic. The only reason the man had not collapsed yet was that the debris surrounding him had kept him propped up. As Harry registered more of the man's appearance, it became more obvious that he definitely wasn't human. Despite this, years of knowing and respecting Remus Lupin had left Harry with a respect for all Beings, human or otherwise and he was determined to help the man. "Can you hear me?" Harry asked and the man nodded. "I'm going to help you get out of here, and then we will find out where you are supposed to be okay?" The man nodded again and Harry started shifting stuff around. Once a path had been cleared, the man started to slide and Harry had to support his weight. Together they made their way to where the door was hidden on the opposite side of the room, but in his weakened state, the man couldn't manage even that and Harry thought he could feel the man crumbling next to him. Deciding that it would be better for him to make the trip in short increments, Harry stopped and helped the man to sit down and rest. The man kept ahold of Harry's hand, and now that Harry was looking at him, he decided that the man wasn't crumbling so much as disintegrating. Caught up in his thoughts about what could cause a being to fall apart in that manner, Harry didn't realize what the man was doing until he felt a sharp pain in his wrist. Startled, Harry looked up in time to see what was left of the man with Harry's wrist in his mouth before he faded away completely. Well that's just great, Harry thought. There was a bloody vampire in my attic. Slightly frightened now, Harry fled out of the room and sealed the door behind him. He doubted that there would be anything else considerably dangerous in there anymore, but he didn't want to take that chance. Looking down at his wrist, Harry sealed the bleeding puncture wounds with a charm. Harry knew that he would have to report what he found to Kingsley eventually, but all he wanted to do right now was sleep and see if he could forget what happened, so Harry made his way down the stairs to his room where he climbed into the bed he shared with Ginny and fell promptly asleep. When Harry woke, it was to a soft touch and beautiful flowery smell. Before he was even fully awake, he realized that he was hungry and briefly wondered how long he had been asleep. He was still tired, but he knew that if he wanted to get back to sleep, he would have to find something to eat. At the thought of food however, Harry was taken aback to realize that it didn't sound even remotely appealing. With a sigh, he started to get up. Even if it didn't sound good, Harry knew that he should eat something. "Oh good, you're awake. I was starting to get worried" Harry spun around to look at the source of the voice. Ginny wasn't supposed to be home for another two or three days. "Kingsley called me. He said you didn't make in for work yesterday. I just got here a few hours ago and you were sound asleep." "Yesterday? I wasn't supposed to be back at work until Monday." "Harry, today is Tuesday. Are you telling me that you have been asleep for the past two days?" Ginny came around the bed to stand in front of Harry bringing the same scent he had woken up to closer to him. It made his mouth water. "You know that when you're not feeling well you need to go to St. Mungos." "I didn't think there was anything wrong, I had just come out of the attic and fancied a nap. I didn't know I would be out for so long." "Honestly Harry," Ginny sighed. She came forward and wrapped her arms around him. "You need to take better care of yourself. No one else can do that for you." "I know." Harry hugged her back and went to bury his face in her hair the way he always did when she came home from long training sessions. However, Harry was overcome by her delicious scent and on an impulse sank his teeth into her neck. Ginny screamed at the pain but the taste of her blood soothed his hunger and he was lost as baser instincts took control of his actions. When Harry came back to himself, he was not immediately aware of what he had done. He was stood facing the bed and he turned away from it, his desire to sleep suddenly gone. As he turned, he glimpsed the fire red of Ginny's hair and he froze. Looking at her, he noticed that she was much paler than he had ever seen her. It was as he reached towards her to see if she was alright he remembered the tang of blood and the feel of her neck against his face. "Shit." Horrified, Harry acted on impulse and apparated away. Harry appeared on the doorstep of his best friends' house. It wasn't until he noticed the light in the kitchen window that he remembered that they were supposed to be away on their honeymoon. Feeling guilty, he knocked on the door. "Harry! How did you know we were home already?" Hermione had opened the door and stood aside to let him come into the house. "Um, I didn't. I panicked and apparated here without thinking first. But I need to talk to you. Both of you." Harry rushed the words out and both of his friends immediately knew something was wrong. Very wrong. "Alright mate, you know where the couch is. I'll grab us a beer and then we'll talk." As Ron turned back into the kitchen, Harry made a face at the mention of beer that he didn't think went unnoticed by Hermione. Soon they were settled in the living room, each with their drink. "What's wrong Harry?" Hermione asked. "I killed her" Harry blurted. He had wanted to find another way to say it, especially since Ginny was Ron's sister but he hadn't thought of anything else in time. "WHAT?" Ron's enraged shout echoed around the room, while Hermione sat there with an expression of disbelief. "I'm sure it wasn't your fault Harry. Why don't you tell us what happened?" Hermione said as she placed a hand on her husband's arm to prevent him from jumping up after Harry. "I didn't mean to, but I did. And you're going to need more than just what happened." With that, Harry started with his plan to cleanse the attic that had gone so drastically wrong. When he mentioned the man in the attic, Hermione clapped her hand to her mouth. "He bit you didn't he Harry? What happened to him?" "Er, yeah he did. Then he kind of disintegrated. He just fell apart." "He must have been really old and not eaten for a very long time for that to happen. That's one of the few ways they can actually die. Well, you now too I suppose." "Wait, what? What's this got to do with Harry killing my sister? Who was the creepy dude in the attic, mate?" "He was a vampire, Ronald. He bit Harry and now he's one too. It still wasn't your fault she died, Harry. All newborn vampires have difficulty controlling their thirst and that's when they know what's going on. You wouldn't have known enough to even think about controlling yourself around her." "Blimey mate. I'd like to be right pissed at you, but I'm not. I'm pissed with the vampire that bit you, and whoever had him trapped in the attic, but not at you. Well, maybe a bit for going near him in the first place, but knowing you, you probably did it because of Remus and Teddy." At that Harry could only nod. He was thankful that his friends didn't blame him for the death of his girlfriend, but that still left him coming to terms with the fact that he was no longer human. He was a vampire, a monster that almost all wizards feared and he didn't think that his fame would change how the public saw him once they found out. He had come here with a halfhearted hope that Hermione would tell him that he was wrong, that he wasn't a vampire now, but as one of the senior executives in the Department for the Control and Regulation of Magical Creatures, she was never wrong. "Harry, we need to tell Kingsley. He'll know more about what to do. And, at some point, you will have to register with the department too." Harry groaned and Ron started. "But what about mum and the rest of the family? We have to tell them too." "I know Ron, but Hermione is right, we need to talk with Kingsley first. None of us are exactly low profile." Ron just sat back and nodded as Hermione strode over to the fireplace and activated the floo. "Kingsley Shacklebolt's office" The minister's slow voice answered her call. "We have a situation that we need your immediate help with Kingsley. It would be best if you came through to our end."