A/N: If you are wondering whether you can submit OCs or not; You can. I left nearly twenty places open for OCs. Don't be afraid to submit multiple OCs. I will accept all of them, unless it becomes overwhelming. I would prefer it if you PMed me your submissions, but you could send them in by reviewing. I'm posting one fourth of this chapter here, and the rest on a separate story (it will be called "Conditions"). This is the largest chapter I've ever written, nearly 5100 words. Also, please, please tell me how I did. My other story has 107 views and I have no feedback. Please just tell me how I did on this. Chapter One of Conditions I don't own PJO or HOO nor do I own the Cover Picture. I only own the plot of this story. A tall lanky man walked into a alleyway. He appeared to be in his early twenties with brown hair. His face was covered with a skull bandanna and black tinted glasses, hiding his identity. He looked around, eyes darting from object to object looking for danger. Once he deemed it safe the man opened up a metal door. The inside was completely different from the run-down alley. It had all sorts of science equipment. He lowered the mask, revealing a freckled face and green eyes with dark bags under them. He walked to a microscope with, what looked like, a tissue sample. "This is nearly perfect ! Those bastards will never know how to kill them, not even that sorry excuse for a hunt goddess." He exclaimed loudly, before laughing madly. His eyes had a tinge of madness in them, the only other thing in his eyes were joy. " Jesus , Torrington. You been laughing like a madman for the past five minutes. You sure you're fine from the trip?" A man in a science coat asked, he had been Torrington's assistant for the past year. "I'm perfect, more than that actually. I've finished it. After all these years I'll be able to crush them !" Torrington responding, ceasing his laughing fit. "What about the mortals, Alabaster?" The assistant asked Alabaster. "Why do you think I went to the pit? I went to claim the title of Lord of Time, and I did so. We have all the time in the world. Continue the plan. " Alabaster bossed, before making the arrangements. A few days later, a B-1 Lancer flew over the peaceful Camp Half-Blood. It seemed like an average day; Demigods running around the camp doing activities. The bomber plane flew around the camp thrice before dropping a singular bomb, right over the centre. The plane created a sonic boom flying away, alerting the demigods of its presence. One camper pointed out the bomb, and the entire camp froze, fearing the aftermath. The bomb crashed into the centre of the camp with a loud CLANG ! The campers stood still, shocked at what transpired. A mechanical whirring sounded out and a sickly-green gas exploded throughout the entire camp, covering every square inch with the gas. Once the campers inhaled the stuff, everything went black. The half-bloods held their breaths but, one by one, they all fell unconscious. Jake "Axe" Axelson was the last camper to fall. He had just finished checking up on his house in Canada, and to say this ruined his day was a understatement. He hated being kidnapped. Alabaster froze the world, which caused him to faint for several days. When he woke up he found that the world was indeed still frozen. He moved on to the next part of the plan; taking all the demigods in the world and freezing them in time, unknowingly Alabaster froze the entire Greek/Roman pantheon. He then started several wars, but left New York and San Francisco out of it but that left him unconscious for a long time. The two Cities prospered while the rest of the world died out due to wars, people did survive though. Only about one hundred million survived the wars. . Eventually the inhabitants of New York started moving out to explore the world, and one by one they all left. Every other part of the world was desolate wasteland. He made sure that the city looked like it had been deserted for a month, but every store was fully stocked. He knew that the half-bloods thought that he just messed around a bit but he did so much more. He was lucky that he didn't need sustenance while time was frozen. He made sure that New York was completely empty, so that the demigods could grab supplies and think they have a chance at surviving. It was all a trial, a game for his amusement and for the betterment of humanity. Without the Olympians the world would be a better place. Only the strongest shall survive and from them I will craft a better breed of humans. Then I will become the one true god! Alabaster thought. He worked like this for a long time, setting everything up, planting seeds in people's minds. By the time he was done he'd created a masterpiece. He tampered with time so much all he needed to do was start time and, soon, he would become the one true god. There was so many thing that would happen; for example: While Olivia Telulus and Jake Axelson fight a group of bandits will sneak up on them and ambush them. He didn't care for the outcome. The demigods didn't matter to him anyway. All that mattered was his end was truly a masterpiece. They would get so much hope then it would get crushed, only for the cycle to repeat and drive some crazy. The ones who would survive would be the people he uses as a template for the better human race. Jake woke up in a dark space, surrounded by twenty-ish bodies. The first thing he did was grab for his enchanted necklace,which was still there, that when pulled turned into his Stygian Iron sword. He could hardly see anything, only the other blobs around him. Slowly, everyone else woke up with groans. There were a few familiar faces that Jake could see. Namely; Olivia Telulus, his least favorite person. Her fatal flaw is hubris, she hardly talks to anyone, uses a katana; which Jake thinks is impractical in combat and most of all; a liar . Jake hated liars with every ounce of his being. Though Telulus didn't always lie, she was very talented in that horrid subject. Jake was shaken out of his thoughts by the blinding lights illuminating the large room. There were, what looked like, eight metallic panel doors on the walls. The panels sunk into the floor. When the captives saw what was behind them, the room went into utter chaos. Jake was stunned. Never before in his twenty-five years of immortality did he ever see such a... disturbing sight. Behind each panel was another panel door, this time clear, with what only could be described as demons. Seven foot tall werewolf-like creatures. Chunks of hair and skin had fallen off. Surprisingly, there was no blood to be seen. The creatures eyes glowed with fire, literally . The sharp canines were dripping Greek fire. Greek Fire! How the hell does one accomplish that? Jake thought. The claws of the beasts were long, seven to eight inches, and looked like Stygian iron. That metal could destroy souls ! Whoever's doing this is a sick bastard . He continued to observe the foul beasts. A projection of a scientist light up an empty spot on the wall. "Hello. My name is Alabaster C. Torrington. As you can see, these creatures were bred to kill. No other goal in mind other than to kill . The reason you are here is for trials. Your first, and only trial is to survive for as long as possible." Alabaster laughed madly. "You're not going to survive. Trust me. There is a door behind my projection. You cannot escape my creations. You will die by their hands." The projection disappeared. There was a metal escape door there, too small for the were-demon-things, but just big enough for the demigods. "That was optimistic" A random camper sarcastically said, probably an attempt to cheer everyone up. 'Everyone, GET TO THE GODSDAMNED DOOR!" Another camper yelled. Everyone started rushing the door. The beasts were let free, killing people at the back. Each monster was eating a unlucky demigod, giving the rest time to escape. Jake was the last one out. They were in an alley somewhere. "We need to block that door. Those things will be a ten times faster than us." Jake ordered. Everyone looked around, in shock that they had such a close encounter with death. "Fine. I'll do it myself" Jake moved as many objects in front of the door, stacking dumpsters, etc. "We need to get out of here. I have no idea where the hell we are, or how long that barricade is going to last; the one that I built." Jake said, assuming group leadership. "Why should we listen to you?" Olivia questioned. Great, just what I need . He thought. "Do you have a problem with me or something? Every time I do anything around you, you will question me. I've been through several kidnappings in my life. I know how to survive in these types of conditions. If we have bigger numbers then we have a better chance at lasting 'till we figure out whatever is happening. If you don't trust me, go own your own. I don't do second chances." Jake snapped, pebbles started floating around him, his aura got overwhelmed everyone. Jake closed his eyes and said "If you don't want to live out here, leave now and don't look back." Thankfully, no one left. Unfortunately Olivia stayed. Jake was hoping she would leave and go own her own. In Capture the flag games at camp, she would only do what she thought was best. (Which resulted in a few fights between Jake and Olivia.) Once they exited the alley they figured out they were in New York City, which is pretty convenient for Jake considering that he knew the layout of NYC pretty well. It was really eerie seeing the city empty, cars strewn across the roads. It looked fairly recent, within a month or so, that everyone left.. They walked for about half an hour before arriving at a large gun store. "Alright everybody. You may or may not like stealing but considering that the New York is currently deserted, I don't think anyone will care. And I'm sure that our weapons will work on the wildlife. So, Grab whatever storage item you can and pack up as many guns as you can. I will be in charge of accessories and ammunition. Lets go!" Jake ordered, breaking down the door. Everyone was relatively quiet, only a few people talking to each other as they grabbed the guns. It may be a bit overkill to grab over a hundred guns, but Jake had a plan. It took about an hour to grab everything inside the store. A nineteen year old named Jacob suggested that they take all the apparel and gear the store had, needless to say everyone was carrying a lot of weight now. Jake had a tactical backpack on, as well as a large gun bag. "Alright, we are going to find a bus or a boxer truck to use. I know where a nearby school is, about thirty minute walk from here." Jake said, motioning towards everybody's left. Thankfully, Olivia didn't argue this time. She seemed rather distant. The only bad thing is that she didn't carry anything other than a British L115A3 AWM with a few attachments for it. After a forty-five minute walk they arrived at the school. Two teenagers, about the age of thirteen, complained about being tired. A man