She turned her head slightly to the side, her light blue eyes looking curiously over her shoulder. She looked in my direction, her eyes searching, but she didn't see me. Still, that she had looked was enough. In some part of her, this young being before me, she still knew me. She is walking through this little wooded area with her roommate. She's in college. A private university, actually, and apparently doing fairly well, considering the difficulty of doing well here verses somewhere else. She is still a quiet one, and her eyes soak up the world around her as if she were starved for it, an odd thing for her kind now. Do you still hear the trees? Do they sing to you, their songs of summer and eternal days? Do you hear the leaves whisper of summer laughter? Or have they gone silent for you, as they have for me? Oh, love… She brushes at a wisp or hair which was dangling near her lips, lifting it over her ear in an absent attempt to keep it back. I can remember her doing that so many times before a sharp ache pierces me. Her hair is pulled back, today, in a 'ponytail'. Odd name. It's still of sunshine, though darker than when I knew her. The ends catch the light, split for the harsh treatment it receives in this place, for the lack of our things to tend to it properly. Still, she's kept it long, and it still has that faint wave near the ends. I can feel the silken weight of her hair in my hands, can feel the soft glide of a strand as I wrap it around my finger before tucking it behind her ear… Soft laughter escapes her, making my breath catch in my throat. Despite her years here, her laugh is still so gentle, so sweet, compared to the abrupt braying of her friend, her roommate. A smile is turning the lips I've known so well, but were I to touch them now, they would not be the same. She bites her lower lip, worries it, plays with it, absently nibbles when worried or bored. Besides, she would not know me, her lips would no longer melt eagerly to mine… For though I have always known her, she does not know me. Another glance over her shoulder, a searching look to the part of the woods I stand within. She does not consciously know me, but she knows me, and can still sense me. She shakes her head ever so slightly, shaking the feeling of my presence away, and I battle with the ripping within my soul. It wouldn't do for her to know me. It wouldn't do for this woman child to find me, for what would happen then? My heart was breaking with every instant I saw her, saw her steps had become less graceful, though traces of the one I knew remained in nearly every movement. Each hint of what had been fractured my already battered heart a little more… It stopped again as she bent to retrieve a red leaf from the ground. She studies it with her head tilted, a faint smile upon her lips as she absently inserts comments to the babble her roommate keeps up incessantly. Her attention is on the leaf, tracing the veins, the slight blending of orange at the leaf's tips. With a shudder she flicks a tiny spider from the leaf. She then runs the fingers of her free hand over the lobes, her eyes softening to feel it still has some hint of life to make it malleable. Holding the stem between two fingers she lets her hand drop to her side, absently twirling it as they walk on, flashes of red and silver. Do you remember? Or is this but a moment in your new life? Do you recall how you used to love watching the leaves change? How you would drag me out to see them, would make me wait with you until all the leaves had changed? How you would endeavor to count the leaves as they fell, until there was but one remaining in the barren branches above us? How you would then look at me with a gentle laugh, would add that leaf to your count, and then allow me to distract you into forgetting the leaf, into missing its final descent before we had to return to the forest of our birth? Do you know you did that every time we watched it happen, because you said the only sad thing was to see the last leaf fall? Do you recall saying that one leaf was like the death of a season, and so not worth watching, despite your joy for the colors? Do you remember… No. There is no way you could remember that which is seared into my soul. It is no doubt engrained in yours, as well, but you don't remember… you merely feel attracted to these leaves, these colors, to the crunching sound it makes beneath your feet. I used to laugh at you for making so much noise when you needn't ever walk so heavily upon the earth. But you don't remember. You don't remember jumping on me, knocking me to the ground and rolling through the russet leaves with me until neither were aware of the argument as the wind and stars smiled upon us, at peace within each other. You don't remember. You don't remember arguing with me that the cycle was an encouraging thing, a sign of things to come—of rebirth and regrowth. You don't remember me shaking my head at you, preferring the unchanging green leaves of our wood, the ones I was named after. You don't remember it is a fitting name for an elf, especially one of those born among wood-elves. You don't remember anything of us. You don't remember me. They return to their campus, to their dorm, but I remain in the woods. It yet calls to her, on some level. She probably chalks it up to the hectic life she now lives, to needing a moment at peace from time to time. She will return here, and I can see her again, until I decide what I am to do. I drop from my place in the trees, the ground welcoming me as I land silently among the leaves. Unbidden, I find myself reaching for one of the crimson leaves at my feet. You always loved the red ones. Looking back towards their campus, I see her lift her fingers in a farewell to her roommate as they go down separate paths. She pauses for a moment, looking up at the large tree beside her. With a faint, self-conscious smile she reaches out to feel the bark. Do you hear anything when you touch them? Or is it just rough life beneath your fingers? She withdraws, looking absently at her hand, twirling the leaf for a moment more. She pulls a paperback book from one of the large pockets in her green jacket and gently places the leaf inside. Do you know how often I have been struck through the heart by coming across leaves you have saved in that way? How centuries after your… after you left I would sit to read a book and find a leaf tucked away within the pages? Do you know how many times such little things broke my heart? The book has been tucked away once more, and she steps out from under the trees, her gaze lowering. Her eyes were hurt by the sudden light, I knew that. Just as I knew her sharp eyes were nothing more than the work of other men in this world, for on their own, her eyes were focused on the last time she saw me, the world going dark around her. My love had waited too long, waited for me to arrive when she should have just let go. And now, because of her dalliance, her soul held pieces of her death with it, narrowing the vision of her new forms, giving them pain those around her could do nothing about. I head off through the trees, wrapping my arms around myself. This time is so cold, so barren. The leaves have mostly fallen—just a few trees have any leaves at all. Once upon a time, ages ago, she and I would leave our home because she liked to watch the leaves change colors, and they would not in our home woods. She was fascinated by the leaves, so I indulged her, seeing no harm in letting her watch for a few weeks every few years. She knew I was merely indulging her desire, and she would smile gently at me and take my hand as we walked beneath the raining leaves. Her eyes would sparkle with love and happiness, and though I found her fascination somewhat morbid, I could not deny her. I was never able to deny her anything that she so loved… as long as it did not put her in harm's way. She had never pushed me when I put my foot down, never pressed when I denied her, knowing that I only refused because I feared for her. She would just tilt her head to the side, study my eyes, and then nod before sliding into my arms as if there had never been a moment of conflict. For so many years there had not even been those moments between us. All moments had come to an end, save those I was caused by finding some memory of her locked away, hiding to catch me unawares, to break my heart again. It's rather funny, really. Now she enjoys reading stories of our time, of our people, though she doesn't believe a word of it. She can even speak some elvish, thanks to the movies recently out about the quest to destroy the ring. Of all there is that she could believe, she believes that elves can die of a broken heart. Am I not an elf? And has my heart not broken at least daily since she left me? Why, then, do I live? How can it be, if I am to have died of a broken heart, that I yet walk this earth, and have found her once more? Finding her has been nearly as painful as loosing her. Hope was… Hope. Hope had been life for the years it took me to find her once we knew she was again upon this earth. But now she is found, I have watched her… and hope is gone. She doesn't know me. She doesn't even know herself. And she never will. Even if I were to tell her everything, she would never believe me, never think it could be true. It's funny. 'Elves can die of a broken heart.' Yet my heart is broken. I yet live. I lived to go on the quest she knows so much about, has read about and watched. I've heard her and her roommate discussing things from the movies that don't go with the books, heard them discussing which version of me was most likely true. Well, love, they both are. Or were. During the quest I showed them nothing but laughter, for it was a bright period in my darkness, at least until the end. A bitter end it was, too. Sauron with all his might couldn't kill one warrior elf who wanted to die, but wasn't strong enough to end things himself. After that I grew more grave. The world around me was dying and I was not. Did someone tell the director that? Did he just guess? Did he think the idea of a laughing elf as one of the walkers wouldn't draw as many people to his creation as a solemn warrior would? I don't know, and I don't really care. I am far too old and tired to waste