Hey, guys! I'm finally back with a new story. Obviously, I'm not Tolkien. I own nothing he created, though I do claim the majority of the characters you'll meet throughout this rather odd creation. I hope you enjoy, and happy April Fool's! P.S. Thanks to Niri for checking this over since I'm posting it faster than I normally would to meet my own deadline. Chapter 1: Almost perfectly aligned Kirilan was a studier of people. Sort of. It was a limited hobby—only certain people interested him, and he had somewhat limited access to people to study without making them unduly nervous. Two of his favorites were sitting as antagonists in front of him, so he was quite content, considering his location… and how utterly bored he would be, without this hobby of his. Though, come to think of it, his hobby might have been spawned in boredom alone, centuries ago. Oh well. He was lucky, he supposed, that his role in these meetings was as little as it was. It could have been far worse. All of the advisors and commanders that Mirkwood currently boasted were sitting around the table in the war room. Many were characters in their own rights, but his preferred two subjects were sitting almost opposite each other at the middle of the long table, the majority of the other elves spread out on left and right for both. The unofficial seating chart worked fairly well—for the most part, those with definite views sat near one of the two elves who expressed them with the most… weight. Or at least, the most vehemently. Kirilan himself sat in a chair against the wall, where he would be hidden from sight by a large marble statue if anyone would dare be so bold as to enter the near sacrosanct room when the door was closed. On the far side of the table from his seat sat the Commander of the Troops. While there were a half dozen elves called Commander, none but the one sitting there was the Commander of the Troops, and though the title was only used on rare occasion, it was very well known. A title ever-present in the mind, if not on the tongue. If he chose to do so, that elf had merely to state that his word was final… and it would be, no matter the argument, nor the opponent. Save the King himself, of course. Considering that title, and the almost absolute control he could wield, it was unsurprising that his only abrasive and persistent opponent was related to the royalty of Mirkwood… Though the relation was only on his mother's side, with no blood between them and the King. He was a cousin to the King's children, though, and did not hide that. Some gave him slightly deferential treatment because of his relation, but those who knew anything of the royal family more or less brushed him off. Which might, really, be one of the reasons he so often wished to antagonize the Commander of the Troops. They looked like a study of opposites. The Commander was tall, lean, and sharp featured, the sharpness softened only by one unruly bit of light gold hair that forever escaped the tie at his nape or being tucked behind his ear, choosing instead to brush his cheek or move to contrast brightly with his dark navy eyes. The Royal Cousin, on the other hand, was actually a little on the shorter side. Not short , not really, but by some unknown design of the Valar most of the Commanders were on the tall side, making everyone else look short in comparison. The Royal Cousin was one of these. He'd taken over his father's advising position a few centuries after the Commander had taken over his from his father. Both looked rather like their fathers, the Royal Cousin having the same dark hair and pale grey eyes as the elf who had previously sat before the Commander of the Troops. In manner, too, they were quite different. The Commander's eyes were guarded, ever enigmatic. His face, as well, was generally schooled to neutrality—to such a large degree that one might well assume that when emotion was seen it was either allowed through the mask, manufactured, or the Commander was simply too overwhelmed to control it any longer—which but rarely happened… in fact, Kirilan couldn't recall having seen it in over fifteen hundred years. When the Commander gave his orders or stated his position, his voice was calm, quiet, and yet forceful in that odd way only a few managed and Kirilan could never figure out. Elves would stop to listen, and if they didn't, were soon stopped by another. The Commander was never ignored. The Royal Cousin was loud, flashy and emotional. He would be a hair away from shouting if others tried to talk over him, used his hands to emphasize his point, and would get to his feet to pace, his face flushed and eyes flaring with emotions. So very different, these two, and so often set at odds. He really did love to watch them, but he felt some amount of pity for the Royal Cousin, as he'd cast himself the Fool—the Commander would always win. Even if by some miracle of dumb luck the Royal Cousin stumbled upon an argument the Commander had not already considered, one which actually made a difference, the Commander would turn things so deftly and with such cunning that while the Royal Cousin might feel a slight victory, anyone watching would see he'd been handled as a busy parent handles an overactive child—soothed and shunted to the side to expend their excess energy on self-important tasks. It was, clearly enough, a waste of time to set yourself against one who could always overrule you simply because he had the power to do so and you annoyed him. Still, the Royal Cousin had been at it for nearly seven hundred years, now, and was as of yet naively thick-headed. Kirilan would bet good money if he were the gambling type that the Royal Cousin honestly thought that the Commander would let him have one, some day. That was the only real similarity between them—they could be amazingly stubborn, and no one could talk them out of anything if they didn't want to be talked out of it. A small smile touched his lips as he watched the Royal Cousin attempt to make his point by hand gestures. The Commander, in turn, simply quirked a brow, until the Royal Cousin had continued on long past the Commander's tolerance level, at which point the Commander's gaze drifted a bit, a slight haze dulling the sharp eyes. A furious flush colored the Royal Cousin's cheeks, before he succinctly summed up his ramblings and settled uneasily back into his seat. The Commander blinked at the silence, and turned his gaze back to the now silent orator. With a few harsh words given in a tone that softened them mildly, the entire speech was discarded in the span of a breath. With controlled, precise movements, the Commander began gathering the papers before him, indicating the end of the discussion and the meeting. Things would proceed according to his plans—the other Commanders already had their orders. Nothing said in the meeting had changed anything, as most had expected. The meetings were more a chance for the advisors to feel they did something more than for any practical purposes. Maybe once in a few centuries they would be listened to on some matter or other. A choice of dinner, perhaps. Before the papers were off the table, the door swung fiercely open—it was accustomed to gentle and solemn treatment, and fairly flew at this harsh handling—and a fiery elf entered the room, her eyes landing on the Commander almost instantly. "Elder brother," she stated, blithely ignoring all of the advisors and commanders who had risen to their feet at her abrupt entry. The Commander, after seeing who was so rude to ignore the sanctity of the closed door to this most hallowed room to the army's command, returned to his papers before she saw he'd seen her, and began gathering them slowly, precisely, informing her through this disinterest his displeasure in her entrance. She pursed her lips, knowing his tactics well enough, but didn't bother to apologize. Her presence alone betrayed her haste. "Your only brother not of blood is being his usual self and intends to sweep me off to locations unknown for a two week 'holiday' in roughly an hour. He's packed for me—so I have to not only pack but unpack as well in that time. There is much to do… he is impetuous, which is not always a gift, though Eru knows I love him." The papers were almost perfectly aligned. She sighed. "Please." The long-fingered hands stilled over the pages. He lifted his eyes to her. She smiled tightly, quickly, and pushed Commander Zalian's, the Commander's right hand elf in most matters, papers aside so she could perch on the edge of the table. She ignored Zalian's discrete shuffling out of the way. "I do not have time to coddle Herita. Be a love and see that she does not feel abandoned. I would ask Kirilan if I had the time to hunt him down, but I knew where you were. Please, elder brother." Navy eyes closed for an instant. "Your daughter shall be looked after, Odrune." She closed her eyes in relief, and reached out as she leaned forward to stand, hooking her hand around his neck, pulling him close enough to kiss his forehead. "Eru bless you," she called over her shoulder, papers stirring in her wake before she snapped the door shut with an airy flick of her wrist. The Commander's eyes wearily closed for an instant while most of the room watched her exit, before he gathered his papers and stood. "Good evening, everyone. Kirilan, come with me." Kirilan made his way around the room quickly, stifling a yawn as he joined the elf who had called to him. "Was anything of interest said?" he asked when the door behind them had closed off their conversation from anyone who might have been interested enough to listen. There was a snort beside him. "I would ask why you bother to show up now and again, save that you are invaluable, when you do pay attention." "I do pay attention." "To the vendetta Urigael has against me." "Not against you, exactly." Another snort. "Isn't it?" "Why would it be?" "Because he wants the power of royal blood when he has neither royal blood nor any true power. He is an advisor—a fly to be endured," he made an absent, almost swatting gesture, the 'important' papers held loosely in his free hand, "—nothing more." Kirilan grinned. "I'm sure they'd love to hear their exalted positions described so basely." "If we needed them to tell us our duties, our responsibilities, perhaps things would be different. We don't need them." "If they ever did what you do, they would be useful." "What I do?" Navy eyes pinned him as he stopped walking. Kirilan paused his steps as well, and quirked a brow. "You analyze the situation six ways from Sunday in the first minute, then a thousand ways beyond that. You consider things the advisors would scoff at when told they aught to consider them. Your plans take into account both outside threat, internal politics, economics, the local current, the—" A hand was lifted. "Enough!" A small smile touched his lips before he continued down the secluded hall. "Enough, Kirilan. I do what I must." "Yes. And if the advisors did their jobs, they would consider all of that, as well, rather than a small bit of one part. I really don't understand why Father wanted them at all." "Father gave them tasks, areas in which to excel. One the, as you call it, 'local current' in the halls,