Theirshad long been a clandestine affair. Well, sort of. She had hidden it from her friends, her family. He never spoke of his, and never did either suggest anyone be informed, introduced. Initially, she didn't think of telling anyone because their relationship was so unbelievable. After that… she knew they wouldn't understand. Wouldn't approve. There were so many things they could argue, and they were all true. But she loved him. She had been young, and naïve, at first, for all her vaunted experience. Her father was a trader, a tracker, her brothers famed hunters in their village—and as their mother had died when she was quite young, she had been raised at the side of her male kinfolk. She could wield a sword as well as any of the village men, could outshoot them all… Of course, he'd helped her with archery. Still, when they met, she had been full of her own abilities. She was the only woman who hunted for the village. The only one allowed on long trading routes to the other realms—and so the only woman who had been to the west side of Mirkwood, to Gondor, to Rohan… and she'd been, of course, often to Bree and several other places that weren't intimately tied to a human king or supreme lord. If they were, she didn't know it. Looking back on who she had been, she watched the girl's arrogance, and shook her head at it. She hadn't held him in awe. Hadn't been smitten or afraid. She hadn't even really been impressed, until he finished his day's hunting quest with four arrows in fewer seconds. Knowing she was bested, she had quickly accepted him as her better—in archery, and begged to learn. He had taught her, sometimes seeming amused, but more often he kept that damn mask on. He wore it often, and he wore it far too well. It revealed nothing, nothing except watchful eyes—but he was so much worse than the town leaders, because he could appear open, friendly, happy, angry or sad… It had taken her many years to learn his expressions really said nothing at all. His life was held in his eyes, and they alone betrayed him. By the time she learned that, they'd already been lovers for some time. He knew, when she found him out. When she understood that the face he wore wasn't a true one. He knew, and often would simply grow quiet, complementing her, their relationship, by not lying even in that way. It was then that she began to understand him. Of course, when very young, she had thought that having a lover meant she, better than anyone else before her, knew the man. Elf, in this case. She had realized she was wrong very slowly, and it had been a shattering truth. It had shaken her so badly she had avoided him for nearly a month—they met in the wood, of course, so she avoided the trees. He'd never come to the village to seek her out, never had a message delivered. And when she found her feet had made the decision her mind was unable to, and had carried her to the wood, to their meeting place, he didn't ask a single question, simply led her to one of the wood's many marvelous places. He told her stories, for a time, and then tilted his head, studying her. The slightest smile touched his lips, and then he turned his head aside and watched the water. She observed him, memorized him. She took in the sunlight clinging to his hair, the nearly white pieces where most exposed to the light. She watched the sun touch his skin and seem to make it glow, though if human, he would have been thought rather sickly, being so pale. His body was leaner than most men she knew, and he was a bit taller, too. He had looked almost like an overgrown boy to her the first day, until she'd seen him move. He moved with power, with grace. There was no clumsy lumbering, no clunking or hesitance. His hands were blessed or cursed—she didn't know—with being lean, narrow, but with long fingers. She knew them to be astonishingly strong, yet more than capable of being extraordinarily gentle. His eyes… the color alone was stunning, as so few with blue eyes had been seen in her life. Of those, none had been so deeply bright and intense. She wouldn't say she could read people's eyes—she didn't know if it could be done. At least, not in the ways she'd been told. As with many people, though, her mind knew more than her conscious self registered knowing—she read people well, as one must to live with and among such social creatures as humans. She couldn't read his eyes, not at all. By the time they left that little sheltered nook, she had a red mark on her shoulder from his teeth, a bruise in the middle of her back from a rock, and insight into herself that she wasn't sure she had wanted. She would come back, every day if she could, and she would be with him. Not because she loved him, though she feared that would happen, but because she wanted him. He was, of course, beautiful—most men could be called handsome at best, but he was beautiful in such an inhuman way that only that word could describe him. He was a wonderful hunter, tracker, blades-master. He had, by that day, taught her much. His skill was enough to make him an attractive match, his beauty a draw as well. She hadn't even considered his race when she decided to let this, whatever 'this' happened to be, run its course. She wanted the male who lay beside her to be exactly what he was… she didn't care that he wasn't human. So it had been going for many years. When her father died, she could choose a brother to live with… or she could live alone in her father's house. Instead, she defied the village expectations by building a house in the woods. Her brothers helped her, having long ago given up on trying to understand their little sister who only got better with her odd skills when they stopped teaching her, who never looked at the men in town with interest, though she'd gathered her share of looks, for all that it was widely known she would make a lousy wife—as she knew little of the domestic chores that were expected of a good wife. They helped her build a house, a small house but a good one, and they left to return to the village center, left to be with their wives and children, letting her be crazy in her own space, without interruption from them. It was clear to her from the moment they left her hearth when the little house was built that they would not return unless expressly invited. Because of that unspoken disapproval for her moving out into the woods, away from family and the safety of the village, she never worried about it when he came over, when he spent the night or spent the week. As the years passed, she learned more about him, and more about herself. She could look back and see how he'd influenced her. She was quieter, now. More thoughtful, less brash, though perhaps that came with age, anyway. He… never changed. She just saw a little bit more of who he really was. There were many days that stuck out in her memory. The day that she'd taken his wine glass from the bedside table instead of her own, and noticed it tasted differently than she remembered from her own—she'd confirmed it with another sip from the other glass, which she'd left on the bureau. He'd noticed her study, of course, and simply waited for her to be sure of it, before he withdrew an empty vial from his leggings, which by then had been splayed hap-hazardously on her floor. She'd asked the obvious question, but his reply had not been what she'd expected. 'There will be no children.' It should have struck her long before to wonder how she had never conceived. Fertility had never been an issue in her family. Both of her parents were among at least a half-dozen offspring, as were their parents before them. Her own siblings numbered five, with four lost before of seven months, two of those never having drawn breath. The idea of an elf being infertile was ludicrous—they were beings of power, majesty, and earth. The earth was rarely barren, if tended properly. All those years, he'd been giving her something to prevent conception. She hadn't known, and he certainly hadn't volunteered the information… though, to his credit, he hadn't misled her in the slightest. In some part of her being, deeply hidden from her normal thoughts, she wanted children. As he was her lover, that small longing had naturally attached itself to him, to the nights they spent together… along with the indolent days. But… Eventually, she conceded he was probably wise to do what he had done. A half-elven child would have the worst of both worlds—a long life, but not immortal. He would grow up to make many friends, who would either die or hold him apart because they knew that he would one day die. Belonging no where and with neither people, it would be a difficult and troubling life, one she knew she could not wish upon her child. Nor upon his. She knew, with whatever instinct given either to humans or just to women, that he would love his child deeply. Even if the mother was human. She had grown several years older that night, as she thought about his words and all that they truly said. She had uttered a small 'oh', and turned onto her side to sleep, her back facing him. She didn't try to feign sleep. She knew it wouldn't work. He could hear her heart, her very breath, and those two things were so common and ordinary to him that he didn't have to keep track of them. He blended the two together without thinking about it, and so he simply knew when she wasn't asleep, when she was upset, when she was fighting laughter. He did not sleep until later in the night, and he was rather a creature of habit in that one regard. So she knew he was awake. Knew he knew she was awake. Knew he would know of her tears. Years later, she looked back on that night and was proud of herself for not being loud or obvious with her tears. They were shed for the children she might have had that she never would. They were shed for herself, as that had been another time she knew they were so different. He hadn't reached for her. Hadn't tried to comfort her as she cried. Of course, there was little he could have done to comfort her. Holding her would have been insufficient, and crooning things into her ear was hardly something she could imagine him ever doing, be it with a lover or a distraught child, even assuming that would have helped. The next day that came to mind was one of mourning. A very well loved aunt had passed, and she was crying all the way to her house from the village. In her mind, he'd been impatient, hurtful and cold when she explained her distress. She'd blown up at him, screamed at him for a few minutes before ordering him out of her house. He had rolled his eyes and then shook his head, leaving quickly with a few muttered elvish words rattling off under his breath. The door had blown shut and he was no doubt long gone before she got over seeing him roll his eyes. It was so unlike him as to stun her. Many hours later