It was with great relief that he heard the soft sounds of singing as they trudged through the woods. The men with him looked around warily, fearfully, wondering what kind of being would ever sing in such a dark place as this, but the voice was too fair to trouble him. "We should go back," one murmured. He was looked up to by most of the other men, and in any other group would have been called second in command… but they didn't really have so much as a first in command. Several other soft murmurs of agreement followed his statement. The leading Ranger let out a snort. "Think you that orcs make such a noise? Spiders?" "But what of sorcerers? Elves?" "Neither are of evil," he protested mildly. "That does not mean they will not just as gladly imprison us for a time. We should go around, if we must go at all!" "I told you I intended to go to Rivendell, and that I didn't need any of you to come along if you didn't wish to do so. You are here. If you go farther it will be without disparaging remarks about the elves or wizards, or any other creature of good." "But the wood grows dark in these times—this you well know!" "And I know that even today the wood-men travel freely through, as do Thranduil's kin. Why should we—Rangers—be any different?" The men were properly chastened—they fought orcs, trolls, and wild-men on a regular basis, trying to keep their homelands safe, even if those lands would no longer claim them. Still, within a few minutes of entering the dark wood, they all hesitated, drawing to a halt. "Strider," the boldest called, a faint tremor in his voice he had not before heard. With a sigh, he paused, looking back at them. The singing had stopped, but the elves were no doubt yet close, even if they could find no sign of them. "Then go the long way around, and I shall see you in Rivendell in time." He walked on, unwilling to go back into the wilds when there was a perfectly fine, elf-inhabited forest right in front of him. Men were his true kin, true enough, but as he had been raised among the elves he did miss them, and their ways. Even to meet with wood-elves for a night of merry feasting and song would be both relief and blessing to his weary heart now. He heard them hesitate, discuss, but soon enough he had drawn far enough away even his relatively sharp ears could no longer detect them. It didn't bother him. He was often alone… and knew that he often would be, in times to come. All journeys worth making had to be traveled in solitude… in some form of it or another. Silence would be welcome, an easy way to endure the troubles of his mind without having to remind himself he was, at the same time, responsible for so many others. On he walked, before long stopping to find the singing had resumed, and he could hear the faint sound of running water. As bathing was as scarce as good cheer in the wild, he made for both sounds, hoping to find a merry group of friendly wood-elves. It wasn't exactly what he found. What he found was a single elf, standing knee-deep in the softly swirling water of a lazy river, singing lightly under his breath. Well, he guess it to be male more from the weapons on its back than anything else, since the back was all he could see. Dressed in metal, leather, and dark cloth, he wasn't at all what Aragorn had expected. Instead of the flowing, loose-fitting and casual appearance of so many elves who called Imladris their home, the elf he had come across was wearing a layer of form-fitting either dark green or brown—hard to tell in the faint light allowed through the boughs above him—leggings and shirt, both mostly hidden under silver-scripted leather guards—on shoulders, from elbow to wrist, and on boots that came up halfway between knee and thigh. As he had approached from the back, he could only guess that the straps he could see which had nothing to do with holding the bow, quiver, or set of long knives in place were instead holding a breastplate firmly against the elf. That was nearly as much of a surprise as the rest of it. Elves usually only wore armor when going to war… sometimes not even then, and never if it hadn't been crafted for them… though that was a bit more practical than snobby, as their forms were rather different from humans. Considering his options for a moment, he finally reached out cautiously to tap the elf on the shoulder. Without missing a breath the elf dodged his touch, latched onto his extended arm, and threw him into the water. An instant later he looked up to find the elf watching him, in a defiant, yet not purely challenging way. It was, above all else, a look of confidence. Slowly Aragorn got to his feet, holding his hands out at his side. "I did not mean to startle you—" "No human ever could," the elf replied before Aragorn could think of a polite and respectful enough way to finish the statement. There was no emotion in the voice or eyes facing his. Swallowing uneasily, Aragorn nodded. "I didn't think so, which was why I was surprised when you seemed unaware of me." "I knew of your presence even before you entered the wood," was the soft reply. "You left your companions." "They do not like the wood—they fear both the darkness and the unknown." "As do many mortals," the elf observed. "And even some of the eldar," Aragorn returned, unwilling to let it slide past untouched, though it was no doubt not one of the smartest things he could have said to what could well be a hostile elf. The elf lifted a brow faintly at this, but remained as he was. "Tread lightly from here, human," he stated, his voice dropping almost imperceptibly. Aragorn, as accustomed to the elves as he was, noticed, and instantly took a step back onto dry ground, ignoring the cold which had made him shiver as he reached for his sword, knowing he had no chance against any elf except in the best of circumstances… when he was well rested and nourished, when the elf wasn't or was poorly trained… and neither fit this situation in the least. Simply the fact the elf hadn't drawn a weapon yet proved he was as confident as Aragorn was about the probable outcome. "I could give you but a few moments," he finally stated, though he left his hand on the hilt of his sword. The elf's eyes narrowed slightly, silver eyes darting over his form. "You come here… why?" "Seeking a quicker path to Imladris," Aragorn answered, slowly unsheathing his sword as the elf moved back a slight bit in the water, weight rested on one leg. "To Imladris?" the elf asked, lifting a brow for a moment as he spoke the elven name. "Yes," Aragorn agreed. "Long have I been gone this time, and I wish to see my family once more." "Imladris is no dwelling for men," the elf replied, shifting ever so slightly again, his silver eyes narrowing as he noted Aragorn noticing this. Silently cursing himself for responding so obviously to every move, Aragorn held his soggy ground, trying to remember every fight he'd ever had with his brothers so he would at least last those few moments he'd promised the elf. So much for running into a band of merry wood-elves. "No," he finally agreed, "but Lord Elrond has long been as a father to me." A golden brow lifted at that, before the elf appeared to relax. "Well then," he murmured, smiling slightly. "Certainly that makes things easier. Your name?" Aragorn hesitated, not trusting the relaxed pose any more than he'd trusted the shifting. "Strider." A sudden coiling in the elf's eyes was all the warning he got—and it was barely enough to bring his sword up to defend against the blow which could have swiftly eviscerated him if the elf had truly wished to kill him… without having a bit of fun, first. As it was, he slid down the bank under the force of it, ending up on his backside in the water, its chill seeping all through his legs and crawling up his back. " Not an elven name," the elf hissed, his eyes colder than the icy water at their feet when he allowed Aragorn to regain his. "You didn't ask what name they called me," Aragorn countered, trying to avoid another blow and stay on his feet… which didn't work. Once again he found himself in the water, and again the elf allowed him to get back up. "Why would they call a human anything but a temporary guest?" the elf seemed to have decided he was done toying with him, for he drew his second long knife, and the next blow disarmed him, leaving him no recourse but to try and dodge the coming blow, knowing even if he managed to miss one, another one would follow before he could even think to move again. "Because Elrond has always felt he has a call to be interested in them—after all, his brother chose humanity!" He called out the last as the blade not pointed at his chest came around, ready to slice through his throat, if it didn't simply take his head off his shoulders. The blade froze close enough he had heard the soft way it sang through the air. It's side suddenly chilled his throat. Narrowed eyes peered at him from a form that seemed hardly capable of remaining upright in the deeper, stronger section of the river their fight had taken them to. "Name?" the elf asked once more. Aragorn took a careful breath, again willing himself not to shiver. "Estel." "Have you any siblings?" the elf asked then, his lips barely moving, no plume of steam apparent in the cooling air, though Aragorn's heavy breathing misted the world around them. "Not by blood—the twins have been as my brothers… and I met the Lady Arwen but a few years ago." A golden brow quirked again, the weapons out of sight a moment later. "Another mortal fallen into the trap of elven ladies, I see," he murmured, cordially enough, before stretching his arms over his head as if he'd just awakened from a long and pleasant nap. Aragorn found his mouth was hanging open and closed it while still trying to recover from the elf's statement. Even Elladan and Elrohir hadn't seemed to notice… yet this elf—an utter stranger to him—had. A soft laugh escaped the elf in question. "It has been a while since you've been around the elves, hasn't it?" "Indeed—too long. I have missed their… merriness?" Again the elf laughed, jumping lightly from the water to the shore. "Under other circumstances, you would have come to the right realm—wood-elves are known for their merry and free ways… but times have been dark, and we journey out less and less often with an eye to possible friends." It was the solemnity of his tones that made Aragorn study the elf again. From the front this time, he took in the armored elf, finding the elf crooked a brow in amusement and shifted slightly to allow his study. The breastplate gleamed in the fading light, small scars along the smooth surface speaking to long and hard battles in times past, the ridges in it declaring that even for an elf, this one was well accustomed to fighting, his body formed more definitely physically than were most—all elves were lithe, their muscles more wiry than bulky as a human's would be… but this warrior before him was on the