Author's Note: Hello friends, I fell into this idea a few days ago and then it wouldn't leave me alone so I had to start writing it. Totally AU and featuring trans Remus, this is just going to be a fun little story I'm using as a break from On a Clear Night, which is so much more angsty. As always, any feedback is appreciated! You know I own nothing, I know I own nothing, let's get on with the story. - AWESOME PRIVATE POOL HOUSE FOR RENT TO TOP NOTCH PERSON - QUEERS PREFERRED (SILVER LAKE) THE ROOM: Okay it's more like a fucking palace. You get a GIGANTIC room with HUGE WINDOWS that look out onto our BADASS POOL where you might be able to catch eye candy like my roommate and I enjoying some rays or floating around on our doughnut shaped floaties. There are fucking hardwood floors, there is CENTRAL AIR but you legit won't need it cause we get breezy up on the hill here. There's a bathroom, it's got a toilet and other bathroom stuff. Nice tub (big enough for two ;D) and tons of storage. You'd use the kitchen in the main house which is boss and we never really use so it's basically like your own fucking kitchen. The backyard has a FIRE PIT and BAR and you'll want to live here forever because it is the best damn room on C-list. I checked okay? Trust me. Check those rad photos. $450/mo, you pay your third of the utilities (including internet) which is like $120 more. Available literally right this fucking second. US: James is my roommate he has this radio show on NPR that he thinks is fucking cool and he's going to expect you to be really impressed by it but in reality he's a total dbag loser. He's like pretty good looking if you're into weirdly lanky hisptery-looking dudes with stupid glasses. He probably going to be playing some stupid shit like WOW until the middle of the damn night and this is why he's constantly moaning about not having a girlfriend. I'm basically the hottest piece of ass you've ever seen. I own the damn house and I work at a sick record store called Cosmic Vinyl on Sunset. Queer AF, great hair, if those things bother you then you can fuck on off out of here. I've got a badass dog who rules the house, you will need to be approved by this dog or it's a no-go. YOU: Chill, willing to roll with the punches, laughs at our amazing jokes, have a job and shit like that. Don't steal stuff (like our last roommate), don't eat our food (like our last roommate), don't bother James when he's working or me when I'm sleeping. Just generally don't be a dick. Looking for someone without pets who's queer-friendly, willing to hang out with their awesome roommates, decently clean (like you shower and shit) and no hard drugs (we don't do that crap anymore). Bonus points if you're sexy as hell regardless of gender. "I don't know it really sounds like a scam." "Okay," Lily said, sighing, "it definitely could be a scam because it's SO cheap and those pictures do not even look real. They might be secret serial killers but this is why you HAVE to go see it. Can you IMAGINE living in a place like that with a pool? I wish I didn't have 6 months left on my lease." "They sound like complete spanners Lily." "Remus, literally look around you right now. What do you see?" "A crappy motel room." "Do you want to live there forever?" "Okay, point taken, I also can't afford to live here much longer or I'll have no money for a deposit." "Look I sort of already emailed them about you." "Lily!" "I knew that you'd be hesitant because they sound like complete prats so I emailed them about you. So now all we have to do is wait." "What did you tell them?" "Nothing that isn't true! Just that you're a grad student and that you're international and have an adorable accent And you like attractive men." "Oh my fucking god." "Well you do! And anyway I got you an appointment with them so if you don't show up you'll look like a jerk." I put my head on the cheap laminated desk. How did I become friends with this girl? I groaned dramatically. How is it that she already knew me well enough to know that the mere idea of breaking this appointment (that I didn't even make) was giving me anxiety? "Can't I just live on your couch forever?" "No. You're allergic to cats weirdo. This is why you're in the motel. Stop whining and just go meet them. How bad could it be?" "Didn't you just say they could be serial killers?" "Okay but serial killers that only want $450 per month for a back house in Silver Lake." "So it's worth death?" "Remus you've seen the prices for rooms in LA, yes it's worth death it's right near the bus!" I groaned again. There was nothing for it, I knew she was right. I was going to have to meet these outrageous bros who might be serial killers. "Fine you wore me down. When's the appointment? You're driving me though and coming inside with me in case they try to kill me." "Brilliant." The next day was beautiful. Perfectly sunny with a breeze lazily shaking the tops of the palm trees and keeping the heat from settling into your skin. It was the kind of day where you needed sunglasses and a cold drink, needed to drive with the windows down, to play your music loud and laugh just a little bit louder. It was the waning breath of summer. I threw on my sunglasses (a new purchase that I realized were necessary here in a way they never had been in Dublin) and a button down short sleeve shirt. I stood in front of the mirror trying not to stress too much. You look fine . No one is going to notice. I took a few steadying breaths and smoothed down the front of my shirt, turning sideways one way and then the other. This is as good as it's going to get right now . My phone pinged. Lily E: I'm outside. Come on, time to go! Me: I look like an idiot . Lily E: Shut up and please get your arse in my car. I'll buy you coffee. Those were the magic words. In any case it wasn't like I was going to let Lily drive all the way to my motel and then lose my nerve. I punched out a quick reply, Coming . Outside the motel Lily was waiting in her ten year old black Prius, which I'd heard her call, on several occasions, a "massive dump of a car". "You ready for this?" "God, no." "Good thing I bribed you with coffee." "It was mostly fear of your anger." "Awww Remus, that's the nicest thing you've ever said to me!" We drove to my new favorite coffee place and had just enough time to make it to the house before the appointment. As we pulled up to the house, Lily let out a long whistle, "You've got to be kidding me, this cannot be the house." I checked my phone again, and yes, Google was insisting that we had arrived. "I'm pretty sure it is. At least as long as they gave us the right address." She pulled the Craigslist post up on her phone again and nodded, "I guess I just didn't think it could look as good as it does in the pictures. They usually make it look so much better with trick photography or something." The driveway sloped down from the street and was made up of thick concrete slabs with grass running between them, grass that was so green, you'd think California had never been in a massive drought. Huge shady Eucalyptus trees flanked the house, which featured several gigantic floor to ceiling windows on each level in the front. It was mostly off-white, with natural wood paneling surrounding the wide, black front door. I'd never seen a house like this. Back at home I was used to row houses and brick, buildings that were older than the trees on this property, older than the Silver Lake reservoir itself. This modern behemoth, all hard lines and smoothly mixed materials, looked more like something out of a movie or a magazine than a real house. "Holy shite." I almost couldn't get out of the car, "Do you think they meant the rent was $4,500 and they forgot the extra zero?" "I don't even care to be honest, now I just have to see the inside of it." We got out of the car and walked up the steps, me compulsively flattening my shirt and stressing about making a good first impression. You have to leave it to me, only I could both simultaneously be grossed out and annoyed by the brospeak in the ad I was answering and incredibly anxious about making a good impression on the very people who wrote that same ad. Calm down Remus, nothin to get scundered about it's just some California kids with too much money. It'll be fine. "Stop that Remus, you look handsome. They're going to love you." I rang the doorbell without answering and somewhere from within the house there was the sound of booming barks that echoed off the walls. This, I figured, was the dog I would supposedly have to impress in order to live here. I hoped it wasn't going to bite my head off. "JAMES," a voice screamed from inside the house, "HE'S HERE." "I know you fucking idiot I'm getting the door." the second voice, presumably James, came from much closer. The door opened to reveal a tall, think man with hair that looked like he had just taken his hand out of it. He had a long face with a square jaw which was sporting just the right amount of stubble. He was grinning slightly crookedly and his glasses which, as advertised, were very hipster, had slid halfway down his nose. Next to me, there was a sharp intake of breath from Lily. I couldn't blame her. Overall, the picture was certainly not bad. "Hey! You're ummm, Remus? Is that how you say it?" James stook out a hand jauntily, and I shook it "Yeah, you got it." "I'm James Potter. Who is your unbelievably gorgeous friend?" "Nice to meet you, erm...this is my mate Lily. She's here for moral support." But James wasn't looking at me, he had his eyes glued on Lily. Lily in turn was blushing and shaking his hand. Jesus Christ with the breeders. Focus Lily . "Come on in come check out the place." James stood back to let us into the entrance to the house, which was, if possible, even more magnificent inside. It had been recently refurbished if it wasn't newly built. The walls were painted the palest gray and the wood floors were ashy toned but gleaming. We entered into a short walkway which opened onto a huge staircase, a vintage mid century chandelier hung above it. "You can come through here, I'm sorry I think Sirius might be still fucking primping but he's gonna want to give you the tour himself. It's his house after all." We were led into a living room with deep comfortable modern couches and a huge flat screen mounted over a fireplace.. The room backed up to the garden beyond which could be seen through more floor to ceiling windows. There was a green lawn, a variety of succulent planters and- "Oh my god there's the pool Rem look!" "Nice. I could get used to that." James grinned if possible even wider, "Make yourselves at home,