Your Heart Will Be True Authors: Two of the 'Write' Sisters: Sarah (the bookish, plausibility-mad realist) and Hannah (also known as Siri) (the crazy, starry-eyed visionary) Rating: T for angst, character-torture, battle violence, tense situations, and character death (oh dear, now that's got you going, hasn't it…?) Note: THIS IS UTTERLY NON-SLASH! ahem Timeframe: Year 7 of the Fourth Age — 9 years after The Return of the King — Aragorn is 97. Background: We also build a lot on our previous fics, in this case: Death or Despair, Thorongil, and Darkest Night. Particularly the last two. Also, even though our combined collection of stories couldn't possibly have ALL happened to Aragorn and Legolas, some of the background for our fics are based on Cassia and Siobhan's Mellon Chronicles. You can read their stories under Cassia's name here on or else on their site: wwwdotaragorn-legolasdot5udotcom Background (Tolkien): If you want to know our take on the whole Elladan/Elrohir/Elrond/Aragorn thing and the whole Aragorn/Legolas thing, as it is portrayed (or not portrayed) in the books and movies, please see our other fics. This is alternately book and movie-verse based as the authors' whimsy took them. Boring Disclaimer: All recognizable characters and places in this fic do not belong to us, but are rather the creation of one of the most incredible authors of all time: J.R.R. Tolkien. We have no permission to use Tolkien's characters and places, but are not being paid for our work either. Raniean, Trelan, and Rorin are the property of Cassia and Siobhan, used with permission. All other characters and places are ours. :) Feedback: We welcome your opinions, one and all, and the more the better! A couple of notes though: please no swearing (for any reason) or slashy jokes, and no flaming. Also, literary critiquing is welcome (grammar, etc.) and we will be sure to take note of it for the future, but just so you know: it is unlikely we will be re-editing this story as we post. Thanks:) Summary: When an evil monarch from the South comes for revenge on Rohan and Gondor, Aragorn and Legolas must depart on a journey the likes of which they have not attempted since Aragorn became king. The farther Aragorn goes, the worse things become for those he has left behind. What could draw Elessar from his throne? And will he return in time to save his people from ruin? A tale of men and elves, love and honor, old friends and old enemies, good and evil, and an unhappy dwarf running across Rohan. In Honor Of: Lurkerelf, Cassia, Karina, Belothien, Lady Sandry, MarianaNimeneth, Anarril, Hiro-tyre, and Maranwe: you who reviewed Darkest Night most faithfully and so well! Our feet are still floating two feet above the ground. ;D This is first and foremost in honor of you. and ErynLasgalen26, wellduh…, silvanelf, lomeloke, TheRowan and everyone else who reviewed after we were done posting! You have no idea how much unexpected feedback motivates us while we're writing more. Ditto for those who saw the trailer and e-mailed us! Hugs for every one of you. :D and As ever and always, world without end, etc.: CHLOE! Because… well… because your verbal feedback is gratifying, because your fics are angsty, because your humor is insane, because you are you, and because dedicating our fics to you has become such a habit that we do not think we can stop:D Chapter 1 Southerly Whispers April 3 Northern Harad "Curse this weariness," Halda murmured in his native tongue, careful that no one should hear him. Not the words, certainly not the tone of defeat. He pressed back the dark hair that clung damply to his brow. It was midday and with the exception of the sentries standing at the door, there was not another living thing in sight. The gold light of the sun bleached the color from the sandstone walkway and sapped life from the man's veins. And now, more than usual, he needed his wits about him. He had been chief advisor to Her High Magnificence, Queen Mavranor, for over five years — a record never before achieved — and he did not intend to cross her. Not yet, anyway. The sentries lowered their scimitars as Halda approached and made sinuous half-bows. What skin showed under turban, layers of cloth, and body armor glistened with sweat and rippled with muscle. Halda's steely brown eyes were unperturbed. He was young and strong in his own right, possessing an intellect far beyond theirs and a position no underling would dare to cross. He traversed the three flights of steps to the top of the central tower and stood respectfully in the doorway, his hands folded one atop the other. "Halda?" a voice dripping with honey drifted out to meet the advisor. "Enter." Halda bowed and obeyed, dropping briefly to one knee as he approached the queen's chair. "Your Highness," he murmured. A low laugh answered him and for a moment Halda wondered what he had done wrong, but a second later he relaxed as he realized that Mavranor was not looking at him; she was looking at a letter in her hand. For a few more moments she perused the contents of the message, laughing all the while, her face a mask of twisted glee. She was old — any other ruler would have been ousted from power by now — and a hard life of conquest and shrewd dealing had withered most of her beauty. However her eyes were still alive and a sparkling jet black, like dark flames amidst the wrinkles of decay, and her hair still fell long, though it's blackness was striped with shocks of white. Yes, Halda recognized, she was quite old, but she still proudly wore the brilliant red of the Southron war banners and any who thought her senile usually found themselves inexplicably dead before sunset without a mark upon them. At last the letter was folded and laid aside and the queen's black gaze turned with an incongruously merry look upon her advisor. "I am pleased you have returned, Halda. My doings become so disorderly when you are away." She sighed. "Just when I found myself in need of your aid here Osto required extra fortifications and you disappeared for nearly six months! You do not have an inkling of how many things can be moved and shaped in that space of time, thou sluggard." To anyone else the playful words would sound like those spoken to a missed friend, but Halda felt himself tensing under the scrutiny, wondering what hidden meaning there was in her speech. The queen was generally calm and calculating in her dealings, but she had bouts of strangeness that seldom boded well for people caught in the room with her. It was almost madness. On the other hand, Halda was willing to wager the woman capable of feigning madness, simply to catch her servants off guard. "I beg your indulgence, my lady." Halda bowed deeply, placing his palms on his chest in a gesture of absolute submission. Mavranor smiled with satisfaction when her advisor did not make the mistake of offering an unsolicited explanation. Since she was the one who had sent him to Osto in the first place, she already knew why he had been there anyway. "You are forgiven. I have heard excellent reports of the city's defenses; you have completed your task adequately. Get up, there is work to be done." Her voice was now crisp and commanding, with none of the quaverings that old age generally lent to diction. Halda rose promptly, feeling a little tension leave his shoulders. He recognized her mood now and felt more safe. Admit it or no, she did rely on his loyal service; he was the only person ever to have suggested caution on the rare occasions the queen had put forth an unwise course of action. At least: the only person still living. "In a few minutes," Mavranor said, "King Sakkata will be coming to discuss recent intelligence I have received concerning the unhappy death of his eldest son. I wish you to be present without being present. After he has gone, I will have certain plans of which to apprise you." Without another word Halda bowed and moved to a narrow, decorative alcove in the east wall. Sitting in the alcove on a stone pedestal was a slender dagger. Running horses were intricately carved about the knife's handle. It was a weapon that always drew Halda's attention whenever he passed it, both because of the distinctly Rohirric design and because of the dried blood still clinging to it. Though Mavranor never spoke of how it had come to be in her war room, Halda knew it was the weapon that had killed her brother Gwanur in the attacks on Rohan many years before. Thorongil. Even as his mind dwelt on the name, his glance flicked away, as if he were afraid Mavranor had overheard his thoughts. Behind the pedestal at the back of the alcove there was a panel that slid open just far enough for an agile person — such as Halda — to slip through and hide, watching and hearing everything through carefully concealed holes. His black clothes blended totally with the darkness. The royal visitor arrived only a few minutes after he had hidden. Sakkata, ruler of one of the kingdoms abutting Mavranor's lands to the south, was tall even without the crimson turban on his head. His shoulders were broad and his bronze skin calloused from many wars. Rising slowly Mavranor looked up with her most fragile expression. "You honor me to come so far yourself, King Sakkata. To what do I, a lowly, aged woman owe this very great condescension?" "It is you who have dragged me here, old crone," Sakkata growled, his dark brows lowering over narrowed eyes. "What is this news you proffer of my son's accident?" Halda winced at the insult to the queen, wondering what her reaction would be, but she only smiled indulgently, "Are you so sure that it was an accident? What if I were to tell you that King Yelma has boasted otherwise." Sakkata's face turned rigid. "Impossible. Yelma is my cousin, brave in battle and above murder." "One man's murder is another man's bravery in battle," Mavranor chided seriously. "But how could someone ancient of days expect her word to be taken without proof?" With a hand shaking slightly from imaginary feebleness, she handed Sakkata the letter she had been reading. "Judge for yourself." The king snatched the parchment and read quickly, his brown eyes flicking from side to side. "Impossible," he breathed again when he had finished, though the word lacked conviction. "He speaks of taking your lands now that your son is perished and he asks me to aid him, though of course I would not dare to make such a treacherous step," Mavranor said. "Do not think me a complete simpleton," Sakkata barked, still angered at his cousin's betrayal. "I know your deeds well, Queen Mavranor. I would not trust a single mûmak of mine in your care. Were it not for the fact that this is indeed Yelma's script, I should not believe the message to have been penned by him. As it is," his fist crumpled the letter tightly, "he shall pay for my son's death." "Indeed he shall," Mavranor agreed solemnly. "For his crimes he should be stripped of all he owns, for what wealth could possibly be equal to the life of your son? If you should request it, I would readily aid you in removing Yelma from his kingship." Sakkata shook his head in a curt refusal. "This is a matter I shall tend to myself." "Very well." With a mutual inclination of their heads, Sakkata left and Mavranor sat once again. She waited until the sound of his footsteps had faded before she began to chuckle again. "Come out, Halda! I trust you have