/INTERMISSION/ Okay, guys, this is Zehel_Red speaking. I'm just gonna be sneaking in Geexao's POV here for a bit. He's kinda offline right now and asked me to do the whole intro bit. As you can see, this set of short chapters are kinda like the prequel to our on-going songfic entitled, Overexposed. (archive-of-our-own-.-com-/works/3386303/chapters/7408328) (Just remove the dashes) The same system goes with this fic, it's inspired and titled per chapter by songs from our favorite band Maroon 5. Geexao is in charge of Nico's and I'm in charge of Percy's POV. The fic doesn't really affect the main storyline much as this would just be focusing on our favorite couple's first times. (yeah, any first time you could think of. Probably. Most likely. lol) So you could consider this as a standalone, but at the same time an accompaniment for the main story since it happened in the same timeline as Overexposed. The order of uploads are different here since GX would upload first before me and we'll be doing this alternately. So that's about it! Let's go back to GX's portion - ZR /cut/ this is an intermission / or our alternate headcanon ending for BOO. Zehel_red and I decided to make an intermission before we suddenly drop in the "heavy feels" in our story this is payback for not updating last week since we were together last weekend. -dont ask why, i just decided to go to his place and sleep and cosplay- Anyways, i wont be leaving any cheesy messages or banters with him on this note. Haha :D i hope you guys enjoy and thank you for the comments and kudos :D you guys are precious :) N I C O Not Falling Apart I'm feeling alive just being around Will Solace, I felt like a hundred skeletal butterflies were resurrecting in my stomach fluttering their frail wings. Just as I was about to go with Will, I was stopped dead on my tracks because of a loud familiar voice whooping through the air. Over by the hearth, in the center of the common area, Percy Jackson was grinning over something Annabeth had said. She laughed and playfully smacked his arm. There was this tight feeling around my chest, like it's getting harder to breathe. Like someone was clenching my heart and a small painful thug keeps prickling around my stomach. At least he's happy. I think it's time for me to be happy too. I glanced over at Will who's patiently waiting for me to follow him back at the infirmary, "I'll be right back." I stared him square in the eye, "Promise on the River Styx and everything." He nodded and smiled at me, "A'ight I'll be waiting." I strode off to where Percy and Annabeth were talking, obviously happy about being together again, grinning like crazy. I can't win you over her… can i? Percy smiled at me, with that dazzling American-boy smile, like there wasn't even a war happening, like everything was suddenly okay again, like there was no worry, like we were normal people. No wonder I fell so hard for this guy. But I'm not falling apart, I must compose myself. Shit. Get yourself together di Angelo! Just tell him! I snapped back to reality with his voice "—ust told me some good news. Sorry If we I got a little loud." "We're gonna spend our senior year together," Annabeth intervened, "here in New York. And after graduation—" "College in New Rome!" Percy finished while pumping his fists in the air like he just won the lottery. I can't walk away, I can't talk, I knew this was pointless, I'm not falling apart. I'm gonna get what I came here for, must stay strong. "Four years with no monsters to fight , no battles, no stupid prophecies. Just me and Annabeth, getting our degrees, hanging out at cafes, just enjoying California—" You must not cry, you must stay strong. I urge myself over and over again, I hear my heart screaming, asking me not to hurt him this much. This is too much. It's just. He destroyed everything. But, that's just what I needed. He'll be just fine, he's okay, he's happy being with her obviously. I'm just a nuisance, a child he needs taking care of… but hearing those words out of his mouth, those plans they've already made. The future they're both so eager to face together. How could I possibly be in between that? "And after that—" Annabeth kissed Percy to stop him from yapping and that was the last straw for me. He was saying something but my mind can't really follow anything after that kiss. "That's great," I said, styx I hope I don't sound so bitter. Surprised that I could say it this calmly, "I'm staying too, here at Camp Half-Blood". Hoping to get a reaction from him, but all I got was a high-pitched over excited, "Awesome!" I stared at his face, taking in his features, hoping once again that he'd see me as I am and like me. Woah where did that came from? His sea green eyes, his charming grin, his ruffled black hair. Somehow Percy Jackson seemed like a regular happy teenager enjoying the peak of his youth, not a mythical figure. Not someone to idolize or crush on. He was a dream, a happy dream I can never attain. "So," I forced myself to speak through rusted vocal chords, pushing away tears, "since we're going to be spending at least a year seeing each other at camp, I think I should clear the air." I strengthen myself as the words slip my mouth. Percy's smile suddenly wavered, "What do you mean?" he asked me. I sighed, closing my eyes, exhaling all of the nervousness in me, pushing myself to actually get through this, one time. Then I'm done, I'll say my piece then I'll go away. "For a long time," I opened my eyes and locked my obsidians with his sea-greens, pouring all of my feelings in every word, "I had a crush on you, I just wanted you to know." He looked at me, then to Annabeth, as if to check that he'd heard me correctly, he was looking at me like he wanted me to repeat what I've just said. But I can't, it took all of my last remaining energy with it. He stared back at me, flabbergasted and obviously stunned, "You—" "Yeah," I snapped back, visibly wanting it to be over quickly, "You're a great person. But I'm over that. I'm happy for you guys." "You . . . so you mean—" "Right" My eyes flew to my right where Annabeth's gray stormy eyes flickered with delight as she gave me a sideways smile. Well that's a relief, I never knew it would be this hard and easy. "Wait," Percy insists. "So you mean—" "Right" I assured him again that I meant what I said, and that it's done, I'm over, I've moved on. "But it's cool. We're cool. I mean, I see now . . . you're cute, but you are not my type." He gave me a shocked look, his mouth agape and his eyes wide, "I'm not your type . . . Wait. So—" "See you around, Percy," I dismissed him and turned to my right, "Annabeth." Our eyes locked, as if sending a secret message to her to take care of Percy, she raised a hand for a high five. I hesitated but obliged. Then, turned around to quickly walk back to where Will was standing, patiently waiting for me. As I walk towards Will, who was smiling and waving at me, the tears in my eyes fell. I was a broken mess when I reached him. He was asking me what happened when I was inside the campfire but I refused to talk, more like I couldn't talk I was sniffling, my tears and hiccups were being in a chorus. Will hugged me, gently patting my back and whispering reassurances to me until I've calmed down. I've never felt so embarrassed in my life. That's it, that's the end of it. At least, I told him. He's okay, he's happy now. I'm going to move forward and start something new with Will, I think he's up to something. I gazed at him, he gives me a warm smile. "I'm sorry for breaking in front of you like that." I said, barely a whisper. He nodded, "okay, I'm actually really worried, can you please tell me what's going on? I believe you owed me an explanation?" he raised his eyebrow and smirked at me. My face feels so warm I think I'm almost getting a sunburn. I told him about the time I was with my sister, Bianca. The labyrinth, the blue birthday cake, to Tartarus, the fight with Kronos… being in camp Jupiter, finding out he went missing, seeing him, with lost memories. I almost wanted to jump at that opportunity, but I didn't want him falling for me while he doesn't even remember who he is, it seems so unfair. Me getting taken to the deepest parts of Tartarus, being trapped inside a jar. Hoping that he'd be the one to save me… holding to the memory of his smile and tanned skin that smells like the salt and sea. . . Promising him I'd get him out of there and that I'd take care of everything even though I'm clueless. Doing dangerous "underworld-y stuff" just for his sake, because of a promise. Me meeting cupid and him making me realize the thing I've been hiding all along. I am such a pathetic person, how can I even have the great Perseus Jackson, camp idol, every people, demigods and mythical figures, looking up to this teenage boy, much less a lover, much less a friend. Will clapped his hands in front of me, as if snapping me back to reality, "Okay, I have a proposition." He smiles, "I'll get your mind away from him. But I'm not really sure I could do so much, I'll need you to cooperate with me." I squint my eyes and search for the hidden answer his baby blue eyes. "What are you planning?" I asked him. He rolled his eyes, "Surely you could trust a doctor right?" he teased. "A professional doctor that is." I retorted back. He looks at me challengingly and laughed, "I knew I wasn't wrong about you. Come on, let's go back to the infirmary, you need to rest, I'll tell you what you need to do when you wake up in the morning." I sheepishly nodded, should I trust him? Do I know him enough to actually believe him and follow his whims? Probably. I can't bother Reyna or Hazel forever can I? The night was full of horrors and nightmares, it's the first time I've asked to stayed with me while I'm sleeping inside the infirmary, I closed my eyes and dreamt of the things that happened this week, it's so hard to believe, but then again, being sons and daughters of mythical gods, goddesses and mythical creatures nothings more out of the ordinary anymore, well maybe a son of hades tending to the injured people inside the sickbay. When I woke up, properly refueled and rested, I took a bath, wore my sneakers, hip tight jeans and black shirt, I was still adjusting at the first day we hang-out together, Will showed me around the infirmary, introduced me to new people, they weren't actually scared of me, and I'm just over thinking. Ughh that is so embarrassing. They gave me encouraging words and smiled at me, some were obviously surprised that I'm walking the hallways with this sun-tanned nurse. Will showed me how to use some of the basic materials and equipment inside the infirmary's clinic and treatment section. It was tiring but it was worth it, I've met a lot of other campers, I