Author's Notes: This story is set post DH and is of course AU as our favourite Slytherin is alive and well. Those who died in the books remain dead, and there will be some OOC, but you will still recognise many of the traits that endear our protagonists to us. Rated M for naughtiness, language and adult themes handled in an adult way, plus some dark themes and violence. Please review as I would love to hear your thoughts. And I own nothing. I thank the great JKR for providing such wonderful muses for my imagination. Enjoy! A war hero. "The Dark Saviour." Was that genuinely how they thought of him? He very much doubted it. Severus Snape sat at his desk reading the latest scandalous article about himself in The Daily Prophet . He skimmed the text to find nothing but inaccuracies, lies and holes. The only things that were correct was his name, the fact that he had been cleared of all Ministry charges, and that he was still Headmaster at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. Yet another article about The Golden Trio caught his eye. The media's portrayal of their parts in the war angered him. He didn't care about Harry Potter. He'd discharged his duty to Lily and her son. He didn't care about Ronald Weasley, who simply followed like a sheep, but was lauded alongside Potter. No, he didn't care about those two at all. What he did care about, but for the life of him didn't know why, was the treatment of the brains behind Potter and Weasley. T hat beautiful, intelligent, sensual— Oh gods, here I go again. Why do I keep thinking about her like that? Severus tried to snap himself out of this frankly annoying internal monologue, which put Hermione Granger either on a pedestal or in his bed—metaphorically speaking, of course. For once, he didn't understand his own mind. He hadn't seen Miss Granger since his trial ended nearly three months ago, and before that she was under his protection both as a member of The Order and her professor. He had seen her as nothing more than an annoying student with beautiful curls and silky― Stop it! She's an insufferable know-it-all, and you never liked her. But something had changed―and deep down, he knew it. He didn't know how or why, but now when he thought about her, he was on the verge of falling prostrate at her feet and declaring his undying devotion. He leant forward in his chair, rested his elbows on the desk, and placed his head in his hands. He had to stop thinking about her like this; but although his thoughts were demonising him, he was angry that no one seemed to care about Hermione's role in the war. No one seemed to care that it was her resourcefulness and her talents that had kept Harry Potter on the right track to defeat Voldemort. According to the papers, Severus Snape was brought back from the dead by the skills of the healers at St Mungo's, but in truth it was Hermione. She'd brought him back from the edge of oblivion–or certainly an eternity in hell–by her quick thinking and her kiss. Of course, it wasn't a romantic kiss. Why would she kiss him willingly? She just needed to ensure that she'd administered one of the potions correctly, so she emptied the vial into her mouth and placed it over his. It was one of her own design, which just shows how incredible that brain of hers actually is. Oh, shut the fuck up! As he had lain in the Shrieking Shack, the combination of the slit in his throat and Nagini's venom had damaged and paralysed his vocal cords. After telling Potter to take his memories, Severus had felt his voice leave him. Suddenly, the Granger girl was knelt beside him. All he could do was look deep into her beautiful brown eyes and pray to whatever deity who may be listening that she understood what his black orbs were trying to convey. As their eyes burned into each other, he tried to thank her for her kindness, warmth and hope. But most importantly, he begged for her trust and forgiveness. He begged that the truth be told; he begged her to stay with him in case these were his last moments. The intensity of their gaze was such that most observers would have turned away for fear of intruding on such a private moment. And then, after a few moments, he was sure Miss Granger understood him because she smiled and seemed to glow―a sure sign he was dying, he thought―and gently, soothingly she touched his cheek before kissing it softly. Her voice ghosted over him. "You're not the man they all think you are, and I will defend you to the very end." A strange, but welcome sentiment, he thought, but that was the last thought he had before there was nothing but a warm, blissful, dreamless sleep which lasted for three weeks. In those three weeks, Severus recovered remarkably quickly, according to his healers. They were concerned that his temperature was slightly raised, as it was still to this day. The increase wasn't uncomfortable. In fact, despite his lack of inexperience in the matter, he felt as if he were being embraced. And with no signs of infection, he could be detained at St Mungo's no longer, so he was released and returned to Spinners End under house arrest. His speedy recovery, however, meant that his trial was called for immediately. He stood there in front of the Wizengamot, listening to Order members defend him before all of his memories―not just those he gave to Harry Potter―were brought out before the court. They had been carefully sorted so that only relevant memories pertaining to the war and his spying activities were presented as evidence. The fact that someone had been rifling through all of them in order to remove the extraneous ones made him feel even more violated than the probing questions he was being asked. He was angry and wondered who they'd assigned to this task, but his question was quickly answered as his curly-haired saviour stood before the court. She stated that she had witnessed his war memories and could attest that his actions were forced upon him. She called him an honourable man. She spoke of how he had suffered to ensure the freedom of the wizarding world, and how his loyalty had preserved Harry, Ron and herself in order that they could prepare to face―and destroy―Voldemort. Looking straight into his eyes, Miss Granger declared, "I would have rather died in that war if I thought that this man would be punished for being the best and bravest spy we could have hoped for. We may not have known about the tortures he endured or the sacrifices he made, but we owe this man our eternal gratitude. He should be lauded and exonerated, and, until my dying breath, I will fight to ensure that he is acquitted and returned to his rightful place as Headmaster at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry." The courtroom and public gallery was in an uproar after her passionate defence, but the ceiling could have collapsed and Severus wouldn't have noticed. To the rest of the room, he appeared almost impervious to what was going on. Only the keenest observers would have seen the fire that burned deep in his eyes. He was enraptured by her, but it wasn't only because she was a remarkably attractive young woman. It wasn't even that she had defended him―although that would be enough to make any man falter―but it was something else. Something inside her had him captivated. As she stared back, he felt his breath being forced from him. The Daily Prophet 's reporters scribbled frantically to capture her words. She stepped down from the stand and walked past him as camera flashes fired to capture the moment where she stood before him. But those flashes hid an almost imperceptible glow that occurred as her fingers gently brushed his hand. A look of recognition passed between them without a word being spoken. It was the same burning, searching look that they'd shared on the day she'd saved his life. And then she was gone without looking back, and certainly without a following look from him. But as the weeks drew on, Severus began thinking about Miss Granger more and more, and his thoughts were becoming more and more inappropriate. He felt lost. He felt tormented, and it wasn't getting any easier. He had to maintain his distance for her sake, but he needed news of her, and not just the drivel the Prophet spewed out. Thankfully, Professor Minerva McGonagall, who was returning as Deputy Headmistress, informed him that she had been corresponding with Miss Granger and that she was well and wanted to return to Hogwarts to complete her education. The War Pupils―those unable to complete their OWLS and NEWTS due to the war―were given the opportunity to return and study. In addition to Miss Granger, others―such as Harry Potter, Draco Malfoy, Neville Longbottom, Pansy Parkinson and Blaise Zabini―wanted to return as well. He could understand why some chose not to come back. Many had simply had enough of Hogwarts, and, if the truth were known, not all the parents were thrilled that Headmaster Snape was back at the helm. The Board of Governors had become the bane of his life. He worked closely with them over the rebuilding of the school, and they approved his plans to make the school as safe as possible for the start of the new school year. Regrettably, the decision was made that the new school year would be put back to September 28th as the castle seemed to be refusing to cooperate. If the Board's interference had stayed within the confines of rebuilding the school, the headmaster would have been content. But they requested that the position of Senior Head Girl and Boy be created for Hermione Granger and Harry Potter, whilst a seventh year girl and boy from each house, including the likes of Ginevra Weasley and Luna Lovegood, were made Head Girls and Boys. Sick of all the unwanted attention he was receiving, Harry turned down this offer, and Draco Malfoy was named as his replacement. His father, newly reinstated Head of the Board of Governors, Lucius Malfoy, was delighted at this development. Of course, Lucius was Severus Snape's best friend, but even he was shocked when it was revealed that Snape was, in fact, one of the richest wizards in the country. The Snape Estates―or rather the Prince Estates which were thought to be penniless―had been kept secret for years, but much to Severus' chagrin, all the details were dragged up during his trial. Another thing that surprised Lucius was that following his brief second stay at Azkaban and renouncement of Voldemort, he was becoming particularly fond of Miss Hermione Granger. Of course, he tried to convince himself that his intentions were entirely honourable, and that his fondness grew from her new-found friendship with Draco and her recent visits to Malfoy Manor. Draco had visited Grimmauld Place not long after the final battle to thank Hermione for helping in his godfather's defence. After a few uncomfortable hours, they began talking, and Draco's usual bluster and arrogance dissolved as he witnessed the most powerful witch of the age talk so passionately about Severus Snape. He was one of the few who truly knew Severus away from all the hell that the war had brought about, and finding someone else to share this knowledge with was comforting. Hermione soon realised the pressure Draco had been under throughout his school days and became his confidante. At first, she had found it difficult to go to Malfoy Manor given her suffering at the hands of Bellatrix, but soon it became the destination of choice after shopping trips or