Happy summer everyone! I hope you all are having a terrific start to the summer with nice, warm weather! I am so, so, so excited about this book, and can't wait to have you read this story! It is the one that I have been trying so hard to write, and finally after much outlining and ample dreaming/thinking/pondering, I am ready to write it! I will try to update as often as I can. I love you all and hope that you choose to follow and read this story. Please follow, favorite and let me know what you think in the reviews! Fighting Fate Chapter 1 "On a scale of 1 to 20, how mad are you?" Jacob asks as we pull the car into the driveway of Sam and Emily's house. My arms are crossed sternly across my chest and my face is set in a straight and serious line. I stare straight ahead as I proceed to ignore him. A piano recital. Simple. Not a big deal. Merely something that your parents force you to partake in when you're seven and you do a great and chipper rendition of "Row Your Boat" and then "Twinkle, Twinkle Little Star" and everything is fine and dandy and adorable and then you turn eight and quit and never speak of it again. But when being eight means that you're technically sixteen, it really isn't all that cute. My dad had taught me everything he knew, why did I need to go to lessons anyways? But he insisted that simply knowing how to play by ear and knowing how to read music is two completely different things. So I attended the stupid lessons where suddenly even though I could play Beethoven by ear I was level one and had to learn the names for the keys and acronyms to remember them. I practically cried to my parents, begging them not to make me go through with the end of the year recital. The worst part is that when I asked to play Clair De Lune, I was instructed that I had to instead learn Jingle Bells and perform that instead because it is one of the few songs that I actually know the keys to. I tell Jacob everything, yet I had been so embarrassed about it that I kept it a secret. So, when walking into that theater with all the other little ten year olds that actually look like ten year olds and their parents, I was ready to get the stupid song over with and then make good on my father's promise to allow me to quit, all the while taking my humiliation in the peaceful presence of just my two, forgiving parents that are forced to love me no matter what. It is safe to say I was a little surprised when I walked out onto the stage and saw Jacob, Quil, Embry, Claire, Seth, my parents, my grandparents (Carlisle and Esme and Charlie and Sue), my uncles, and even my aunts equipped with camera's and frantic waves right in the front row. Actually, my mouth practically dropped to the floor. There was a solid moment when I just stood there staring at them all and decided that I was actually going to walk off the stage, exit the building, and just end my life right then and there. But then I realized that if I did that my dad would probably make me go through with yet another year of piano lessons and I would find myself in this exact same position a year from now; I might as well get the embarrassment over as quickly as I can. So I walked to the piano, sat down, and literally finished a two-minute song in thirty seconds flat with my eyes raging fire and my lips in a straight, tight line. Although I ended up playing the tune by ear and not even reading the notes, which was the entire point of me taking piano lessons, it got the job done. When the song ended I got a standing ovation from my entourage as I practically sprinted back off stage. Jacob found me after the show with my back to them as I faced the door of his truck, my arms crossed tightly over my chest. I haven't spoken since. "Listen," Jacob begins gently, "I swear to you this all started with the best intentions. Claire's only 11, and her parents have been pressuring her to pick up some type of extra curricular activity, so Quil asked if maybe she could come and see you and then she would feel like it was cool or whatever because she saw you doing it. And then when Quil asked me, Embry was there and I felt bad because he doesn't have an imprint so when he said he wanted to come I couldn't just say no. And then the only reason why Seth was there was because Charlie and Sue were there and that was not my invite so I cannot be held accountable for that whole group." Jacob's rant trails off as he puts the car into park and pulls the key from the ignition. It's even more noticeably silent without the air running. Jacob gently grasps my knee and shakes it. "Ness, come on." I break my crossed arms only to shove his hand away, re-crossing them and then staring out the window right after I'm done. "I'm really sorry," He tries again. I don't budge. "You looked really cute if that helps at all." That's it. I drop my hands and finally can't hold it in anymore. "Do you have any idea how embarrassing that was!" I scream. Jacob appears taken aback before he plasters a concerned expression on his face, only, I know him too well. I can tell immediately by the way that he's pressing his lips together a little too tightly that he knows exactly how embarrassing it was, and that he probably enjoyed watching that train wreck almost as much as I hated it. "Stop laughing!" I practically scream. "I'm not!" Jacob defends, only this time he isn't able to hold back his laugh. His chest rises and falls as he does so, and I hit his chest as hard as I can, although I don't worry about his werewolf self. "Ouch!" Jacob exclaims, holding his hand to his chest. "Abuse!" "Abuse!" I exclaim. "You just watched me perform Jingle Bells on a stage with five year olds! You should be getting a lot worse!" Jacob laughs again, merely at the thought this time, and I open the door to leave. "No," He speaks between laughs. "Ness don't." Jacob manages to grasp my hand before I am able to escape and then pull me into his lap. Jacob encloses his arms around me, trapping me in his muscles. "Let go of me," I mumble, not even bothering to fight him because I know it would be useless. Even as a half-vampire I have nothing on Jacob. "Nessie," Jacob giggles. "Why are you embarrassed? You know that you never have to be embarrassed around me." I ignore him. "I am never trusting you again," I speak, trying to weasel my way out of his hot grasp. "Never again?" Jacob laughs as he mocks me and I narrow my eyes. "But Ness I did bring you flowers." He motions towards the backseat and I let myself shift my gaze for only about two seconds to notice yellow, my favorite color, out of the corner of my eye. I can't let his nice deed distract me. "I don't want your flowers," I mumble underneath my breath. "And that's Renesmee to you." Jacob laughs, his white smile shining in an annoyingly brilliant way under Fork's mid-summer sun, "But I created that nickname for you." "Well un-create it then!" I argue. "You're stripping my nicknaming rights?" I roll my eyes, "I was a baby; I technically never gave you any in the first place." I shake my head and try to get back to the problem at hand. "Jacob! I didn't tell you about it for a reason. Why would you ever think in a million years you could come to that? Let alone bring people with you!" "I really didn't think it was that big of a deal, hon." "Don't!" I sit up suddenly and point my finger at him, "Don't call me hon. I'm not your honey. Right now I'm not sweet. I'm not sweet at all." Jacob widens his eyes before he quickly snatches my finger and tries to take a bite out of it. "Stop," I instruct him, trying to pull away, although he doesn't give up. Suddenly my finger is in his mouth and he bites down, not hard enough to actually hurt me, but enough to cause me to gasp. "Jacob!" I gasp. "Let go!" "No," He speaks through his teeth, fighting back a smile to keep from letting go. I can tell it's coming even before it happens; this right now is that point in every argument or disagreement or annoyance or bad mood when I totally give in and give up and just forget the reason as to why I was even mad in the first place. "Jacob," I speak, trying to conceal my smile though I'm not nearly as good as Jacob is at it. When he notices my more relaxed attitude he smiles widely, and now I can see his teeth latched loosely around my index finger. "Let go," I complain again, only this time I'm smiling, giggling even, not able to control it. He lets go and I slowly pull my finger out, inspecting it for any marks. Jacob places his hand underneath of mine so that he can see my finger better and then examines it himself. "Did I hurt you?" Jacob asks, his voice growing soft. I melt just a little bit. "Yes," I laugh. "A lot. You have no idea how much it hurt me for you to have to watch that." Jacob laughs, although I have a feeling that he's trying to contain it so that it's only faint and doesn't showcase his actual feelings towards my recital. If he was honest about what he witnessed tonight, I would probably explode out of pure embarrassment and mortification. End of story. "I have witnessed much more embarrassing moments from you, trust me." I cringe, though I choose to ignore that very true statement. "I will never understand why my dad forced me to do that. I can play fine as it is." "Yeah but now you can play better," He reassures me. He wraps his arms around my back and then begins rocking back and forth. I rest my head against the car door and sigh. "Oh yeah," I roll my eyes, "I've got all of your basic Christmas carols locked and ready to go." He can't contain his laughter anymore, and somehow, I find that neither can I. Beneath the complete and total humiliation, is the realization that what I just went through has to be one of the funniest moments of my young life. "That was terrible," I cry whilst laughing. I grab Jacob's hand and then use it to cover my face. I cover his own hand with both of my own and then tuck my knees closer to my chest. "At least it's over," He reassures me, running his free hand through my hair. "And you look awesome, too. Is this a new dress I see?" If my eyes weren't closed I would have rolled them. There is probably no one in the world who cares less about clothing than Jacob. Although, when I am upset, sad, angry, mad, or basically just feeling any one emotion just a little bit too much, he would pull out the complements about my clothing like he was some sort of fashion designer. "I've worn this dress before Jacob," I speak into his hand,