Hello everyone! I hope you enjoy my new story! I will be updating with a new chapter once a week! Thanks(: Please review so I know if you like the start and flow of the story so far! THANKS:) "Ah." I gasped myself awake from a deep sleep due to a loud banging noise. Both of my parents were out of town again, my mother; promoting her career as an up and coming actress, and my father; away on business. Most of my life, well at least what I could remember, my parents had been a-wall. Apparently a lot changed after my car accident in which I lost all my memories forever. Starting over was hard, especially alone, but I was used to it. However, right in that very moment, I could not ignore the sinking feeling in my stomach that something very bad was about to happen. I was sitting up-right in bed; paralyzed almost- like when you wake up from a really bad dream to darkness, and you can't bring yourself to move or go back to sleep, so you just sit there, afraid. I clutched the covers to my chest and made sure that neither my feet nor any other body part was away from the protective cover of my bed sheets. Odd is the feeling that a few simple sheets, able to be ripped apart in a few short seconds, could be such a security. I waited, unmoving; listening. It must be an animal . I thought, trying to mentally convince myself that my fear was irrational. Then I heard it; clear as day. Voices. Whispers. I couldn't make out the words, but it was enough to get the adrenaline flowing. In my life, of what I can remember, I had never experienced very much pure fear, but right now was the exception. Instead of panicking, my mind was racing a thousand miles per minute. Help; I need help. I reached for my phone on the night stand next to me only to feel the familiar texture of one of my favorite novels. Shit. Having forgotten to plug my phone in the charger next to my bed, now my IPhone was across the room, sitting silently on my divan. Of course; the one and only time I forget. And you just sit there silently. My mind began racing again; listening to the still steady sound of the voices I presumed were located in the room below my bedroom-which happened to be the kitchen- as well as trying to figure out my next move. One thing was for sure. I needed a weapon of some sort. I looked around frantically and carefully grabbed the metal candleholder on my nightstand. I removed the candle, which left me with a rectangular shaped, dense weapon. Before attempting to make my way to my phone, I listened more closely at the voices. There seemed to be two males, from what I could hear. They sounded calm, unlike what I would think they would sound like. What did they want? I concealed a shiver as I tried, unsuccessfully to dismiss the flow of unfortunate scenarios running through my mind, as to what these men could be doing in my home at approximately 2:47 am. "They're close!" I heard a new, third voice speak from downstairs; only this time, it was not a quiet whisper like the men talking before, it was yelled. The man had a panic to his voice that caused my body to react quickly into survival mode. I jumped out of bed, abandoning the candleholder due to only thinking about getting to my phone to call the police, right as I heard the men loudly racing up the stairs towards me. I reached my phone and quickly yet clumsily began attempting to enter the numbers 9-1-1 to actually call the police. Then it all became quite weird. It was as if I was in tunnel vision. I didn't hear, nor did I see or focus on anything but my phone. I was shaking, so my attempts at dialing any numbers were useless, but it was as if I was in complete focus. An oddly warm hand on my shoulder pulled me from my trace. My hands dropped my phone due to shock, and all I thought to do was scream. My legs tried to move forward and escape, but arms from behind held me back. "Ren stop. Stop!" I heard a voice say from behind me; belonging to the man whose hands were around me, not allowing me to escape. "We're just trying to help you." Said the voice of the man that had been the one to yell earlier. As he said this, I jerked my body towards him, seeing one of my attackers for the first time. He was huge. He towered over my 5'4 stance by a good two feet. Unknowingly, my body subconsciously backed away from him, closer into the arms of the other man who was holding me back. By this time my lungs felt as if they were going to explode, and my throat was searing pain due to my loud screams, but I felt as if I had no other option. The man holding me back was much stronger than me; with little effort he seemed to lock me within his arms as I frantically used all of my strength to break away. "They're close." A different voice said. I looked to see a man- no, rather boy- standing in the entryway of my room. He was still huge, but much smaller than the other man standing before me; in regards to his stature vs. the man engulfing me, I had no idea. "Renesmee please calm down. We are trying to help you." The man holding me said in my ear. The feeling of his breath in my ear caused a violent twitch causing me to slam my head to the side, shutting off his access and hiding my ear. What had they called me? Renesmee? "No. No. No," I screamed, still trying with all my might to break away, "That's not me, that's not me. I'm not that girl. I'm Calli. Calli Sparow. Please, please, it's not me." The begging came out muffled by tears that I hadn't been aware began in the first place. All my words ran together, with sobbing hiccups as my breaths. They must have the wrong girl. Never had I known this type of fear. "You're scaring her!" The smaller statured boy said, looking at the man holding me. "I'm scaring her?" He asked, ironically sounding shocked, " We're scaring her. And would you rather us just leave and her die?" "No. No. No. Please don't." A new stream of begs began as the man mentioned my death. This time they were more frantic, as was I. "Way to go." Said the big man- from what I could tell biggest of the three- who stood to the side of me. I grabbed for my attackers hands, but it was useless because his much larger hands were gripping each of my wrists with exuberant force. "No, no. Listen, please, please listen." The man behind me started, but was quickly cut off. "They're here." The boy from the hallway informed us. Who is they? The man holding my wrists quickly and skillfully moved my position so that I swiftly turned around, and was now facing him. His hands had moved as well, so that now his right hand was on my back, pushing me to him and keeping me attached to him, while his left hand was placed over my mouth. This was the first time that I had seen the man. He was younger than I had expected; maybe early twenties. I immediately noticed his facial expression. It was neither angry, nor panicked, nor evil, as I had expected my attacker to be. He looked almost, regretful, like he didn't want to have to manhandle me. "Please," he began quietly, "We're trying to protect you. But in order for us to do that you must remain quiet." When my screaming stopped due to his odd calming sight; leaving my muffled sobs, he continued even more quietly- "There are bad people coming very soon. We only want to keep you safe and-" "Shhh." The big man said, quieting the room. The only sound was the soft sound of my tears, and a distant noise of what sounded to be a door slamming, followed by footsteps, which I figured is what they were all listening for. Although the man restraining me did exert a calming sense over me, I still felt the distress of being possibly kidnapped by strangers. When I noticed his grip slightly loosening on me, most likely because he thought I was succumbing to him, I took my chance. "Help!" I screamed, louder than only of my previous cries for help. For a short moment I released myself from his grasp, taking advantage of his shock, only for him to grab me once more, more forceful this time. I was still facing him, but no longer was the calm, sad look in his eyes. Now he displayed a look of pure panic and fear. Just as I noticed his changed expression I heard it- we all heard it; the sound of loud, thumping footsteps running up the stairs towards us. "Get her out of here." The big man yelled with grand authority to his voice. The man holding me was now holding both my wrists so tight that I was loosing feeling in both of them. Actually, I was loosing feeling all together. Why couldn't I hear anything? My attacker seemed to notice when my screams were replaced with an eerie silence. You know when you're on a roller coaster, and you just went over the big hill, and you black out for that split second- well that's how I felt; only, it wasn't going away. I was acutely aware of my knees giving out beneath me. After that I don't remember much, only falling- and complete and utter blackness. I stretched awake, reaching for my covers to pull over my head. I was freezing. Instead my hands grabbed upon something smaller, rougher and oddly shaped. I opened my eyes slowly, taking in the surrounding darkness. Was I outside? As I thought this the events of what had happened recently, flooded through my mind, filling me with a feeling of uneasiness. I sat up quickly, only seeing a dimly lit fire and none of my attackers. This may be my only chance; I knew I should run, but it was as if my body had shut down. I just sat there, as paralyzed as I was the moment I awoke to the whispers. "You're awake." A soft voice piped in from the right of me. "Ah!" I turned, surprised. A good distance away, sitting on his own with what appeared to be his phone in his hand, was the man that had restrained me earlier. "What happened?" I asked, rubbing my oddly sore head. I quickly retracted my hand when I accidentally pushed on a certain spot on the back left of my head, causing searing pain. "Sorry, I managed to grab your arms and keep your body upright, but not before you're head hit the ground." "What?" I asked confused. "You fainted. Don't you remember?" I didn't answer. Ever since the accident memory had always been difficult for me, and piecing together what had just occurred would take a little time. "Thank God though is really all I can say." "You're happy I hit my head?" I shot back. He looked surprised and slightly hurt by the amount of bite I had in my voice- to be honest I surprised myself. "No, you got hurt. I would never be happy you were hurt." He replied while looking directly at me. His stare made me feel uncomfortable so I looked down, trying to cover as much