Hello, everyone, and welcome to the next installment in my series, HP: The Path of Trials! My apologies for the prolonged release. I wanted to try and complete all the chapters in this installment, but since July 9th is my birthday, and there have been some requests for the release, I've decided to break from my plan and post it anyway! Also, I have some arts ideas that I want to use as book covers, so if anyone is interested, let me know! So, before this gets started... Disclaimer: Once again, I must claim no ownership of the Harry Potter series. I can, however, claim ownership of all OCs that appear in this fanfiction, so no stealing! Now, here is... Chapter 1: Rising In The Darkness Let's get started! Somewhere in the U.S... Lifting weights, rep after rep, a man with straight black hair and a slight curl to his bangs, with red eyes, wearing black workout clothes and shoes, a man greatly feared by the Wizarding World, known widely by his horrendous deeds in the First Wizarding War, the man known as the Dark Prince. As he finished his workout, he knew he had a long ways to go. Spending all that time in Azkaban had deteriorated most of his muscle strength, but he knew it was inevitable. He could've only maintained so much of it with magic, after all. But, he welcomed the challenge of regaining his former physical strength. Even more so that he only had a limited time to do it... As he took his shower, washing away the sweat from his rigorous training, he reflected on the time he'd spent in Azkaban as well as the short time since he set himself free. Of course, it wasn't surprising. The different Wizarding nations were already ablaze with determination to stop him. But, they were full of fear, as well. He scoffed at the new implementations currently setting in place, knowing they were about as useful as an army of Squibs. He knew none could stop his plans...none, except one... He was just making his way out of the establishment when he heard an annoying, squeaking voice say in his head, "My Prince, are you there? My Prince, come in." His brief satisfaction gave way to sheer annoyance as he pressed his left shoulder with his right index finger and thought, "What do you want, Wormtail?" "My Prince, it's the Dark Lord. He's requesting your presence immediately." The Dark Prince merely sighed and thought, "Can't you be useful and hold him off for a few minutes? I've still to change in my proper attire and I'm surrounded by Muggles." "I'm afraid not, my Prince. He's growing more irate as we speak." He emitted a growl and thought, "Well, too bad, Wormtail, because that's exactly what you're going to do. A few minutes, that's all." "But-" He then released his finger off of the crown symbol resting on his left shoulder, unable to stand his voice any longer. He found himself an alleyway suitable enough to hurry and change into his proper attire and, upon pocketing his wand, apparated on the spot... Riddle Residence... He arrived on the doorstep of the decrepit, shamed form that was once the Riddle residence. He could only imagine how grand it used to be, before it got to be in the horrible condition it was now. He stepped inside and heard Wormtail trying to stall Voldemort. Making his way up the stairs, he formed a rather humored smirk at the thought of such a ridiculous name bringing fear to magic folk across the UK. It was, at the very least, amusing. If only they knew who he really was... He opened the door, saw Wormtail, and said, "Ah, Wormtail. Go stand in the corner or something, and don't talk." Wormtail immediately scampered into the furthest corner possible. The Dark Prince then stood in front of Voldemort, as frail and sorry-looking he was, gave a slight bow and said in a serious tone, "I'm sorry for my late appearance, My Lord. You caught me in the middle of one of my workouts." "Indeed," the high, cold pitch of Voldemort said. "Why waste your time with those petty exercises, my Prince? Surely, with your magical power -" "If I'm to regain my former self and all that it entails, it is vital to ensure I work my way back to where I used to be. All that time in Azkaban doesn't exactly do a body good." "I'm sure," Voldemort replied with an indifferent tone. "Regardless, I wanted your presence to go over what we have planned." "Ah, of course." Suddenly, he heard Wormtail say, "There is a little more in the bottle, My Lord, if you are still hungry." "Later," said Voldemort, once again in the same indifferent tone. "Move me closer to the fire, Wormtail." As he was doing so, The Dark Prince felt that his time here was being wasted, especially when it could be spent elsewhere. Surely, he didn't have to be here, acting like a servant like Wormtail was. "Where is Nagini?" asked Voldemort. "I - I don't know, My Lord," said Wormtail nervously. "She set out to explore the house, I think..." "You think?" said the Dark Prince, anger seeping through his words. "Surely, it's not that hard to -" "That will do," said Voldemort, and he silenced himself. Voldemort then said, "You will milk her before we retire, Wormtail. I will need feeding in the night. The journey has tired me greatly." "Indeed," said the Dark Prince. "As long as you get nourishment from Nagini every night, we should be able to move again if we have to." "My Lord, may I ask how long we are going to stay here?" "Why don't you answer that question for me, my Prince?" said Voldemort. The Dark Prince sighed and said, "At least a week, perhaps even longer than that. This place, despite its appearance, is acceptingly comfortable, and the plan cannot proceed at this time. At the very least, it would be foolish to act before the Quidditch World Cup is over." In that moment, the Dark Prince heard an almost mute sound from the door. He surmised that it was that Muggle caretaker that lived on the property, but decided not to do anything. "The - the Quidditch World Cup? Forgive me, but - I do not understand - why should we wait until the World Cup is over?" "Because, fool, at this very moment wizards are pouring into the country from all over the world, and every meddler from the Ministry of Magic will be on duty, on the watch for signs of unusual activity, checking with security, lest the Muggles notice anything. So we wait." The Dark Prince took a note of how true his statement was. While it would be mere child's play to bombard the event, muscle atrophied or not, he knew better than to try and get around Michael Williams, who would most certainly expect something from him. "Your Lordship is still determined, then?" Wormtail said quietly. "Of course he's still determined, Wormtail," the Dark Prince said with more hatred in his voice. It was quiet for a couple of seconds before Wormtail said, "It could be done without Harry Potter, My Lord." The Dark Prince glanced at Wormtail, suprised by such a statement from the peon. Surely, he wasn't going to deliberately mess up his own plan, would he? "Without Harry Potter?" breathed Voldemort. "I see..." "My Lord, I do not say this out of concern for the boy!" said Wormtail, his voice rising squeakily. "The boy is nothing to me, nothing at all! It is merely that if we were to use another witch or wizard - any wizard - the thing could be done so much more quickly! If you allowed me to leave you for a short while - you know that I can disguise myself most effectively - I could be be back here in as little as two days with a suitable person -" "I could use another wizard," said Voldemort softly, "that is true..." "My Lord, it makes sense," said Wormtail, sounding thoroughly relieved. "Laying hands on Harry Potter would be so difficult, he is so well protected...we could try another person... say, M -" The Dark Prince, knowing who he was going to suggest, abruptly said, "And so you volunteer to go and fetch your master a substitute? I wonder, Wormtail...perhaps the task of nursing your master has become wearisome for you? Could this suggestion of abandoning the plan be nothing more than an attempt to desert him?" "No! I - I have no wish to leave my master, none at all -" "Do not lie, Wormtail!" hissed Voldemort. "I can always tell! You are regretting that you ever returned to me. I revolt you. I see you flinch when you look at me, feel you shudder when you touch me..." "No! My devotion to Your Lordship -" "Your devotion?" asked the Dark Prince rhetorically. "Your devotion is simply nothing more than cowardice, you pathetic sack of flesh. If you had anywhere else you could go, I am more than confident you wouldn't be here." He then gestured to Voldemort and continued, "How is the Dark Lord to survive without you, when he needs to feed every few hours? Who would be the one to milk Nagini?" "But, My Lord -" Wormtail turned his head to look at Voldemort - "you seem so much stronger -" "Liar," he breathed. "I am no stronger, and a few days alone would be enough to rob me of the little health I have regained under your clumsy care. Silence! " Wormtail, who was sputtering incoherent nonsense, fell silent at once. "I have my reasons for using the boy, as I have already explained to you, and I will use no other. I have waited thirteen years. A few more months will make no difference. As for the protection surrounding the boy, I believe my plan will be effective, as will the Dark Prince's. All that is needed is a little courage from you, Wormtail - courage you will find, unless you wish to feel the full extent of Lord Voldemort's wrath -" "My Lord, I must speak!" said Wormtail, his panic quite evident. "All through our journey I have gone over the plan in my head - My Lord, Bertha Jorkins's disappearance will not go unnoticed for long, and if we proceed, if I murder -" "If?" whispered Voldemort. " If ? If you follow the plan, Wormtail, the Ministry need never know that anyone else has died. You will do it quietly and without fuss; I only wish that I could do it myself, but in my present condition...Come, Wormtail, one more death and our path to Harry Potter is clear. I am not asking you to do it alone. By that time, my other faithful servant will have rejoined us -" " I am a faithful servant," said Wormtail, the merest trace of sullenness in his voice. "Wormtail, wake up," said the Dark Prince in a nasty tone. "Your master needs somebody else with brains, somebody who has never wavered, like myself. You, peon, fulfill neither requirement." "I found you, My Lord," said Wormtail, and there was no mistaking the sulkinness in his voice now. "I was the one who found you. I brought you Bertha Jorkins." " We found the Dark Lord together, you piece of trash!" the Dark Prince growled. He then turned to the Dark Lord and said, "Although he is worthless, My Lord, he does bring up a reasonable argument: He is the one who brought forth Bertha Jorkins." "Yes, quite," said Voldemort, amused by the thought. "A stroke of brilliance I would not have thought possible from you, Wormtail - though, if truth be told, you were not aware how useful she would be when you caught her, were you?" "I