Hi, just writing something that's been on my mind a bit lately. Just thought it was kinda cool, so I wrote it down. I hope you enjoy. Btw, these afterlife things, it doesn't have anything to do with my beliefs, it's just something that came into my mind, when I thought about this and decided that it was good enough. And one thing, now when I write this, I'd like you to know that I just lost a thousand and more words because the site logged me out suddenly, when I was saving this. So yes, that's why I haven't post this as early as I would have. That is months ago. From Hell to Heaven I Don't commit suicide I thought that now, everything would be good. I would feel satisfied. I knew I was going to Hell, I don't have any soul after-all, and I kind of wanted it, because that's what I deserved. But to be honest, I'm selfish and I really, in actuality want to go to Heaven. Close to Bella. In the end. I am not in Heaven. Clearly. And it hurts. It hurts so much. Plain agony. I shut my eyes tightly, but of course it doesn't help. Doubling over, that doesn't help either with the agonizing pain. I need to understand that it won't go away. It'll never end. Never loosen it's hold of you. But when I think about it, that it will never end. And I will never die. That there's no escape... I panic. It's worsens the pain I already feel. I can't handle that. I huddle myself in the dark. In a corner made of sharp edges. It's always so dark. But you can see through it. It's thick and it's hard to breath. I have to breath for some reason even though my heart doesn't beat. I am dead after-all. I still breath. I breath the smoky air. Some flakes of flaming ash and glowing coal fly in the air just like being in a mine. It is basically a mine. Or like being inside of a volcano, when it's not filled with magma. Deep, deep under... People are screaming, yelling, cursing or crying. Rage, anger, insanity, desperation, depression and sadness fill every pore. Very noisy, but sometimes it gets terribly silent. No sound at all. You can't stand still at those times. You collapse. You can't stay stable without any sound. But right now it is quite noisy. It gives you headaches. Not that there isn't always one, something pounding the walls of your head with a hammer. There's no sky. It's just blackness above your head. A few meters up, you can't see anything. It's just strange blackness above me. It does feel imprisoning and claustrofobia creeps up with me all the time, but at those times I try to focus on the ground. The ground is reddish and rocky and has some marks from clawing. Just like the walls that hover over me like being next to a red rock cliff. The marks make me think that maybe somebody had tried to get deeper, to claw their way lower than Hell. To escape from it. That would be hard. And it is. The ground is hard, harder than stone. You can't get through it. You lose nails if you try to claw it. It even hurts my feet when I walk on it. Or especially when I fall. I don't understand why I have wings. I think it is the Devil mocking me, when he attached them onto my back. Onyx black feathers covered my long wings's bones that tapered to a stop at my knees height. I was no angel. I didn't deserve to be one. And I really wasn't an angel either. The Devil just wanted me to play the part, wanting to annoy me, make me feel ashamed more than I already am. If I can be uppish about something anymore, then it's being perky about guessing right about the vampires' after-life. We go to Hell. I thought that maybe it's just me. I was and I am a monster after-all. I have asked some people in here who they were before they died, and some even managed to joke about dying a long time ago in their human life. Dying when becoming a vampire. Then becoming destructed afterwards for many different reasons. I hope that if someone from my family ever did get destroyed, then they wouldn't be doomed in here. I hope they get to go to Heaven. They don't deserve to go here. But I'll never know unless I meet either one of them in here. I'll most probably never see anyone I love ever again. I feel empty. The core has nothing inside it, but anguish. The exterior is made of pain that flickers through the emptiness and stings my broken, dead heart over and over again. Oh Bella... Her name pains me whenever I think of it. It will hurt even more, when I think about the times I had with her and how I left her. What I did to her. She's in Heaven now. Where she belongs. Although she should be living. She should be alive ! She should be with the ones she loves the most and love her. But she's not, because of me. I cannot believe that I did that to her. I hate myself. I loathe myself. I am the monster. Worse than the Devil . He's doing something right; punishing me, which also makes him better than me. At least Bella is in Heaven. Of course she is. She's fine, she's in a better place now, I'm sure of it. That's what I keep telling myself. She's fine. She's happy. She's loved. God loves her. He hates me. Those thoughts cripple my insides and make me bow my head in shame. That's right too. Heaven must be somewhere up. Up, across the darkness that eats light like a giant black hole. I tried to fly upward, just up. I don't know why I even tried. I guess I was desperate, because I know you can't get to Heaven when you're put in Hell. It's not like you can get out of here. The darkness hurt, I felt like I was shattering again and I couldn't fly anymore. I was lost in the darkness and panic consumed me. I stopped flying and started falling. I fell for what seemed like eternity, but probably took mere seconds if there's any time in here anyway. I didn't feel the gravity's pull from anywhere, so I kept flipping around, but kept on falling still until I landed onto the hard rock ground. That's when I broke. I'm only a skeleton now. That's what's left of me. My bones so weak and frail that they broke into tiny little pieces immediately when I hit the floor. The Devil bandaged me Himself in white stripes. But my skin is even whiter than they are. He didn't heal me like He could. Like he does to others sometimes. He just put me together. He likes that; to see me like this. I can't read minds and even if I could, I bet I would never hear His thoughts. But I can still read impresssions. So I know. He wants me to know it too. The Devil likes me like this, all fragile and scraggy, and most importantly: weak. Much different from my former vampire self, when I was much more powerful and strong. He hates vampires who can escape death like they do. But when they die, He likes to have fun with them. And He's especially attracted to me for some reason. He tells me I am beautiful and those words hurt me. He tells me I have black eyes. As black as the sky above us. It hurts. I knew vampires were monsters then. He has cradled me to His chest and whispered things to my ear with the frightening voice He owns. Things that Bella has said to me. I cry. It's the only relief I am given here. I can cry. He probably likes to hear how horrible it is for us to be in His kingdom. They are His meals, drugs. His slaughtering us slowly. You can always hear crying in here. Even when there is silent. It's all in your head. I crawl from the corner I was because I'm getting cold. Freezing. The temperatures go all over the places in here in different places at random times. I crawl close to the thin river of hot lava looking liquid that flows down the rugged and barren land. I stare at the flow of the orange and red and my tears dry from the heat of it. But my back still stays cold. Shivers run through my spine which bones jut out from my skin sickly. People who happen to cross my ways always look at me in that way you would look at an obviously sick person. They pity me, even in Hell. I cannot believe it. I whimper when I feel His shadow behind me. He's not there really, only the shadow He sometimes sends close to me. "It's time to go" , He says in His strange language. It's nothing I have heard before in my life or learned, but I can understand it still. I know it's time to go. The one thing we have to do here other than suffer in the misery is pleasing our 'master'. That is of course the Devil again. We have to build a palace for Him from a hard coal mine. It's as big as you can make it. Needless to say, He could just create it all by Himself by the snap of His fingers, but He wants us to do it for Him even if that would the million times longer. He just likes ordering us around. An I doubt it will be never finished. It will go on as long as there's room, and when there isn't anymore, He can always make more. But I'm not one of the people who have to work on that anymore. Not after the bedroom was finished. I please Him... in other ways. Ways that I don't wish to even think about. I'm not the only one. Now I have to go there. I fly. My legs, bones fractured forever are enough of a reason why I would fly rather than walk. Besides walking on the ground without any shoes or some other protection for your feet whatsoever, is bad enough. You will get sores and cuts instantly. I land myself to the steps of the palace and start walking up the long stairs. The coal dusts my feet, but doesn't wear off that the stairs would some day shatter. The palace is very big although still in construction. It looks a like the Sun King's castle from the inside, though much darker. Outside it looks very gothic with sharp edges and towers, and real life dark creatures sitting like statues around it. It's formidable, intimidating and grisly. They will probably guide the river of lava around to create a bank. There is a long line of black chandleries lighted up with fire, with flames that look like gas is being poured on them constantly. The Devil is sitting on the throne smugly. I keep my gaze on the floor. I feel Him glaring at me, upset that I'm still not looking at Him like He wants me to. But I can't. I'm too much of a coward to do so. I'm afraid that if I look into His eyes, I'll see how horrible I am. "Shall we", He isn't asking, He's always in charge and chooses what will happen, but He is gentle with me, for a reason I don't know of. He pretends as if He cared about my feelings. He cannot care. If He did, then no one