First time LotR writter here! I actually have not been reading LotR fan fiction for long, but I think my new addiction are stories of Eomer and Lothiriel. I love that they can be what ever I imagine, and can still stay within cannon. With that out of the way, I do not own Lord of the Rings and these are not my characters! Please read and let me know what you think! Laws of the Heart Part 1 The vast hall of Merethrond spread before him as the great oak doors pushed in wards. Filled with the nobility of Gondor, there were many who stared openly at his entrance. Tall, broad and blond, Eomer, King of Rohan made no apologies for his differences, or his newness to the throne of his people. He had not technically been accepted as King until he sat his first full day in the hall of Meduseld and withstood any who chose to appose his rule. Those problems he faced were of the particulate set that belonged only to his kingdom, indeed there was a complete other set of difficulties that fell solely with the realm of Gondor and his allegiance to the pledge of Erol. Eothain, Eomer's second, often reminded him, he could not face more than one of these at a time, and at present there was little he could do but win the trust of the Gondorian nobility. Because sacrificing his King, kinsman and nearly his sister at their door step had not been enough. As if reading his thoughts, Eothain grasped his King's shoulder in a strong hand, lending strength. Casting his gaze about the hall as he entered, Eomer could spot only two women present at the feast who wore their hair down. Gondorian court tradition dictated only royalty could wear their hair unbound while appearing at court functions. Eothain had told him it was because only royalty wore crowns, and that the late steward Denathor has created law some twenty five years ago, so he could demonstrate the beauty of his wife. Eomer felt it was a silly tradition, especially considering the elaborate and extravagant hair ornaments worn by women whose hair was piled high on their heads. His sister would be one who could continue to wear her hair down as she liked when she returned to court functions on the arm of her future betrothed, not that court traditions could have swayed her anyway. But his pale gold sister was not amongst the royal women present. One he recognized from her elaborate elven crown, the fine strands of white gold danced in her long midnight locks and he could spot her from this distance at he other end of the hall. Queen Arwen, the elf maiden who now rained as a queen of men. Her beauty would steal the light from a room full of women, even if they all had their hair down. The other head of long dark hair was much closer, and her crown much less ornate than the queens, but no less arresting. When she turned to face Eomer as he was announced her clear blue gaze froze his inner thoughts, leaving his body to function momentarily on reflex. The long dark hair under the simple silver circlet was heavy as it flowed over her shoulders in dark waves. The simple pearls set around the circlet glowed against her dark hair and reflected the same soft iridescent peach of her skin. Eomer's mind being frozen on her, his body had taken its own course in approaching her. Luckily, decorum dictated guests greet the highest ranking women in the room first. Perhaps even that was why the nobility wore their hair down, to give those who are not often at court a chance at following the social expectations. In Eomer's case, it had merely been a happy coincidence that the allure of this woman had not led him to a dangerous social caveat. Standing by the women's side was a man he knew well, and the sudden resemblance he saw between them gave relief to his frozen mind. Imrahil's daughter. He had just been enchanted by the princess of dol Amoroth. Her brother Erechirion greeted him warmly embracing his shoulder in the traditional Rohirric greeting for family friend. Erechirion was well met, Eomer returned the gesture and greeted him in the traditional way of the Mark, "Hal Erechirion, son of Imrahil. I am glad for your company tonight." Eomer waited patiently for the introduction he needed to greet the princess. He quickly asses her physical presence besides him. She was self possessed and her eyes were alights with an odd amount of joy at their impending introduction. Interesting. "Eomer King, my sister the Princess of Dol Amoroth, Lothiriel. Lothiriel, this is Eomer, King of Rohan. I dare say you have each heard much of the other I'm sure." Eomer watched as Lothiriel quirked an eyebrow at her brother before dropping into an elegant curtesy. "Eomer King I fear that half of what my father and brothers have told you is likely a tall tale, though I cannot guess if the honest half has been the good or the bad." She rose then and gave him the most honest smile he had ever received. "Though, from our first meeting, I can be assured that the praises my father and brothers have given to you could be nothing but the truth." She then shocked the gentlemen around her by taking his hand in hers. Lothiriel bowed and pressed her forhead to the top of his large hand the formal greeting of noblewomen of the Rohirrim, " Wes Hal, Eomer King." Erechirion looked oddly smug, while Eothain was gazing at her in adoration, clearly already planning the wedding. The princess of Dol Amoroth was nothing short of the vision her father had painted for him. The subject or marriage had been discussed in the fields of corralled, though Eomer knew from those talks, imrahil had expressed none of this to his daughter. The terms had been vague, and often only meet suggestions. Lothiriel's name had only been mentioned once durring those talks. Eomer had often brushed is friends council on marriage away, as kingship felt new enough to him. The thought of adding a new marriage to the challenges before him had seemed unwise. That is until recently. Lothiriel's sincerity in greeting him as one of his people, bringing a custom that was so familiar and so like home to him when he was so removed from the Mark was a gift. Eomer King took her much smaller hands and lifted them, placing a kiss on the back of each hand in the formal Rohirrim greeting between family friends. " I assure you, neither your fathers nor your brothers seem capable of telling an untruth, nor of speaking ill, specifically where you are concerned my lady." He relished the color that rose in her cheeks, and Eomer thought she might break eye contact, but she held his gaze. " Thank you my lord, but perhaps even you have never met Amrothos?" Eothain, who was particularly a friend of the youngest prince failed to suppress his mirth. Introductions were continued between them and the party agreed the King and his second should join them for dinner. The begging sod the evening passed well, dinner seated among the kin of Dol Amoroth made for a merry meal. The sons of Imrahil continued to enjoy a close kinship with the King of Rohan, and much of the meal was passed in reflection on the battle and their time spent on the fields of Cormallen. Imrahil himself, in the comfort of the citadel seemed to loosen the leash on his droll humor. It was clear to Eomer, seated next to Lothiriel, that she was every bit her father's daughter. Her own dry wit and sharp mind were often at work, even when she was keeping her thoughts to herself, Eomer could read the intelligence in her deep blue eyes. By the time the last plates had been taken away, he was debated how much he was willing to trade to learn some of her secret thoughts. Before the court dances began, Lothiriel excused herself from the table, explaining to her company that she had agreed to meet with her cousin in the garden. " it seems Faramir has need of a woman's council." She explained with a knowing look in Eomers direction. Amrothos found this particularly funny, but Eomer was torn for a moment between joy at the prospect of his sisters future happiness and vexation at the loss of his own. He barely let himself acknowledge the suddenness of that thought. Eomer King bowed to her as she curtsied and took her leave. Lothiriel paused before she left, looking briefly to her father before she asked him to save her a dance. The thought placated him partly. In Gondor, only someone of your own station could ask you to dance, and it was up to those above you to ask for your hand. The crown on her head and her flowing hair meant she could not be asked to dance by any man in this room save himself, her brothers, her cousin, and King Elessar. These stuffy court rules had always bothered him in the past, but he was finding tonight they weren't perhaps all bad. After Lothiriel had left the table the men had spoken of naught but the current climate of the world of men. They spoke of the bands of Orcs, Easterlings, and Dunelanders that still ravaged the lands. Leaderless, they were weak. A bothersome problem but not yet a threat. Imrahil worried Elessar would be stalled by court politics and they would somehow unite again under a banner of destruction. Eomer tended to agree, but with the current status of his people so decimated by war, the pillaging of Saruman, and winter nearly upon them he could do nothing to press the matter. Eomer sighed wearliy and for the first time his friend noticed how tired the King truly looked. "My daughter will understand when she returns why you could not stay. Please don't feel obligated to deliver on your promise tonight." The fondness in Imrahil's eyes was welcome and even the concern did not ruffle him as it would coming from most other people. Imrahil was true leader of men, one Eomer hoped to learn much from. " No my friend, I would not retire early tonight without at least one dance. I may just be suffering from being seated for the duration, perhaps the garden will do me good." As he rose from his seat he spotted Eothain across he room, he princes of Dol Amaroth attempting to teach him the finner points of Gondorian court dancing. Without disrupting him, Eomer slid easily through the open doors into the dark night air. A calm stillness stretched before him, contrasting heavily with the noise and the brightness of the hall at his back. Eomer felt the mantle of kingship heavy on his shoulders, and the weight of his dead uncle and wounded sister heavy on his heart. It had only been recently that he could find it in him to celebrate. Even something so joyous as the end of the malicious dark that had haunted his people for so long, he could not seem to find what bound him, of all people, to the role of King. King. King of the Mark. It had never been something he sought, craved, or even thought of. Up to this point, and still beyond it he could only see himself as Eomer, third Marshal of the Mark, a man cut out for the life of a soldier, not for the kingly duties before him. Certainly he was not so ill prepared as his mind had convinced him. After all , third in line was not far removed at all from the crown, especially not considering the dark