i 06/02/1986 They met when they were just five years old, a cold February day where she was wrapped up in a bright pink duffle coat and he a black jacket with a green scarf that covered his neck up to his face, slightly red from the harsh wind even after they'd entered the quiet café. Pansy had never spoken to a boy before and so she hid behind her mother's legs as she conversed with who Pansy supposed was the strange boy's own mother. Pansy heard her mother say there was no need to be shy; Draco was perfectly polite, she'd said. But Pansy wasn't having any of it. Not even when the boy took a few steps towards her and held out a gloved hand for her to shake. "I'm Draco, it's nice to meet you." He introduces himself in a way that Pansy would have thought of as too sophisticated for his age if she even knew what the word meant at the time. Draco's hand drops to his side when Pansy refuses to shake it, his brows furrowed as though his small mind can't comprehend why this girl in the bright pink coat hadn't wanted to shake his hand. "Mummy always says not to talk to strangers." Pansy's voice is stubborn as she folds her arms across her chest and she watches as Draco chews on his bottom lip as though she's presented him with a puzzle and he's trying to solve it. Then his grey eyes light up. "If we're friends I'm not a stranger anymore." He speaks carefully and Pansy thinks maybe boys aren't that scary because this boy, Draco, is smiling at her. "Do you want to be my friend?" Pansy nods with a giggle, going completely against Draco's previous formalities as she hugs him abruptly. Children don't have any perception of personal space and that's why she hugged him so tight and he hugged her back without a hint of hesitation. "I'm Pansy. Let's play hide and seek." And just like that, they were friends. ii 03/06/1989 "Pans, you have to come. Mum says she won't take no for an answer so you have no choice." It's his ninth birthday in two days and maybe Pansy is a little too young to feel insecure but she'd read about insecurity (or read as much as she could understand at her age) when she was peeking through one of her mother's copies of Witch Weekly and now she thinks she feels it. She's worried that Draco is growing up and leaving her behind; she'd know that fear was irrational now but at the age of only eight, two months difference in age feels like a lifetime. Draco would probably have friends at the party that Pansy didn't know and what if they didn't like her? What if they hated her and teased her and Draco joined in because he's older now? "What if your friends don't like me?" Pansy whispers as she plonks herself down on Draco's bedroom floor, legs crossed with her fingers tracing cracks in the wood before she pulls her dress over her knees. Draco had asked her earlier if the pattern embroidered in the dress were pansies because of her name and she had laughed and called him 'silly' because obviously they were daisies, before he pushed her onto the floor with a laugh in retort. "If they don't, then I don't want them to be my friend anymore." He speaks as though it's the simplest thing ever and Pansy thinks she's the luckiest person in the world for having a friend like him as he sits down on the floor in front of her, his legs crossing so their knees touch and he watches the movement of her fingers carefully. "You're my only real friend anyway. Everyone else is too nice." Pansy snickers at his words as her eyes look up to meet his, there's amusement flashing on his face and there's a hopeful childish glint in his eyes as he stares at her. Pansy thinks he's right. She loves Draco unconditionally, they've rarely spent more than a week apart since that first time they met but her mind flashes back to when he pushed her on the floor earlier or the time she shouted her first curse word at him and thinks maybe other people wouldn't understand that they show their affection in more ways that just jokes and hugs. Some people are just too nice. Or the two of them are a little too unkind for eight-year-olds but Pansy doesn't consider that much. "I suppose I can come to your party then." Draco's face practically lights up as he beams at her, his whole demeanour changing until he appears lighter than he had for the entirety of the day. He practically bounces to his feet, grabbing her hand and pulling her up with him. Pansy can't stop the grin spreading across her face as he hugs her in excitement – they may not show all their affection through hugs but that doesn't mean hugging isn't a frequent occurrence. "It's going to be so fun, Pansy, I promise!" Draco practically yells in excitement. "We might even be able to sneak a sip of father's fire whiskey while he's not looking." Pansy thinks maybe she's too young to be trying alcohol, her mother always told her she can't touch it until she's old enough to read a full book cover to cover (a proper book, not one of her beloved fairytale books) and Pansy isn't even close to that. But the mischief in Draco's eyes is Pansy's favourite thing and the fact that she goes along with what he says when she sees that look has got them in to more trouble than she'd like to remember. Pansy doesn't care though, she's certain she'd do anything for her best friend. iii 01/09/1991 Pansy's fingers pull at a stray piece of fabric on the seat beside her, resting her head against the window as she listens the rhythm of the Hogwarts Express on the train tracks. Her mind is spinning, her stomach in knots as she runs over the possibilities of what could happen when she arrives for her first year at Hogwarts. She hasn't spoken a word to her best friend opposite her since he arrived aside from a 'hello' and he thinks it's strange how quiet she is but knows it's best not to disturb her when she's worked up over something. Draco is already dressed in his robes, Pansy can't even bring herself to do that yet because she's terrified and Merlin, she envies Draco the majority of the time but especially at times like this – he's never phased by anything, unlike her. "Are you nervous?" Pansy questions before taking a ridiculously large bite of the chocolate frog Draco had bought her because she has to at least eat something . She's completely aware of the chocolate smeared around her mouth. Her mother always told her that it's not ladylike to behave so carelessly, especially in front of a male but she thinks it doesn't matter with Draco; he's seen her knickers once before when he pushed her off of her broom in a game of tag and her skirt rode up, a bit of chocolate really wasn't a big deal. "About what?" "Everything. Going to Hogwarts, making new friends, getting sorted into your house." Pansy counts her reasons on her fingers as Draco watches her, amusement clear in his eyes as though he'd been waiting for this conversation since he sat down. Pansy thinks he knows her too well sometimes but then realises that's not a problem because she knows just as much about him. She's spent many hours telling him everything on her mind only for him to make her feel better with a few kind words and a little bit of name-calling and a cuddle. "I couldn't sleep last night." "You'll make friends straight away, Pans. You made friends with me easy enough." "Draco, we were five. It's not that simple at this age." Pansy scowls at him and she almost laughs at the way she's talking. She sounds like an old woman, she knows and Draco thinks the same because a slight snort of laughter can be heard from him as he swallows a handful of sweets. "Just relax. Even if you don't make friends, you still have me." All she can do is nod because he's right and she really does need to relax, this is supposed to be exciting. "Unless, of course, you get sorted into Hufflepuff. Then I'd have no choice but to never speak to you again." Pansy directs a light kick straight to his shin and he laughs, she can't stop the corners of her mouth curling upwards because his laughter is infectious and it's her favourite sound. "Not funny." "I'll be in Slytherin, there's not been a single Malfoy that hasn't been in Slytherin." Draco has a hint of superiority in his tone, something he always takes on when he's discussing his family or his blood status. Honestly, Pansy wasn't even aware about the significance of blood until Draco explained to her the difference between pure-bloods and other types of wizards, something she supposed he learnt from his father. Pansy isn't sure she fully agrees with those views but she tells Draco she does every time it's mentioned; she likes the way his eyes shine when she agrees with him, when she really feels important to him. "You'll be Slytherin too, Pans. Just wait." She hopes more than anything that he's right. iv 14/02/1993 Pansy has only just managed stop the tears falling freely down her face as she pulls her knees up onto the couch beside her, her head on Draco's lap, his fingers combing through her hair as he waits for her to calm down. She thanks Salazar that it's 2am and no one else is awake to hear her this way because Pansy Parkinson isn't weak and no one can see her like this, no one except Draco. The tone of his quiet, soothing 'shh' echoes through the dungeons as she tries her absolute best to get a fucking grip because she's thirteen now and she shouldn't be sobbing over things as pathetic as this. "He's not worth it, y'know? I always told you he's an arse." And Pansy wants to roll her eyes at his way of saying 'I told you so' but she can't when they're sore from crying so she just nods quickly. Draco is right, of course he is, and Pansy knew that all along but Theo was the first person who showed her any attention in that way and she was foolish to believe it. And now it's Valentine's Day and her (ex)boyfriend has been shagging Flora Carrow behind her back and Pansy doesn't think she's ever felt so stupid. Of course he'd prefer a fourth year, most boys want sex and Pansy certainly wasn't prepared to give him that at the age of thirteen. "You didn't have sex with him, did you?" Draco asks, his fingers hesitating in her hair as he speaks and Pansy thinks she hears a hint of jealousy in his tone but then again she probably imagined it; she thinks she imagines half of the affection Draco shows her. She ignores the fact that it's because she wants it so much, she wants him to care for her as much as she cares for him but sometimes he's cold and she doesn't know what to do with him because growing up creates distance and at times like this she pretends it's not there. "Of course not." Pansy scoffs with a rather unattractive sniffle, lifting her head up off his lap finally to look him in the eyes and she imagines that there's a flash of relief in the grey. "We kissed and we did… stuff but never that ." Draco nods and Pansy