Tyde was the one who met Finnick first. He was a scrawny eight-year-old, all big green eyes and missing teeth as he actually stood still long enough for Tyde to register him as more than a flash of suntanned skin. He was the sort of kid who always wanted to tag along and play with the older boys and girls. Finnick had two older brothers Tyde knew vaguely from the survival skills class he taught at the town school, but neither of them had possessed the inclination to go beyond that class and any regular school athletics to join the Special Athletics Club. There was a littler sibling too, come to think of it, but he wasn't even sure if the toddler Odair was a boy or a girl. "I want to join up," Finnick said. He sounded more like he was making a proposal than asking for permission. A certain amount of confidence was necessary in a prospective volunteer. Tyde sat on the step (ooh he could feel that in his knees) bringing him down to about Finnick's height. "Do you have permission from your parents?" "Umm…no." He considered this for a moment and an optimistic way of qualifying it occurred to him. "…Not yet." "Well, thing is, a kid your age can't join up without permission from your parents." Finnick frowned. He would not have presented himself to Tyde this way if he hadn't been fairly convinced his father would say no in the first place. He had sort of hoped he could circumvent his parents on this matter, which was already something of a well-worn strategy of his when trying to get adults to give him what he wanted. "Now," Tyde continued, "If by the time you're twelve you still want to do this and they're still not saying yes," he scratched his short, rough beard, "Then I imagine I can go give 'em a visit and tell 'em I'm looking to scout you because you're such a promising candidate and maybe that'll change their minds." "You would?" Finnick's growing smile was somewhat tempered by the thought that four years sounded like an awfully long time, but here was a victor willing to stand and vouch for him and that had to be worth a lot. "You betcha." Tyde winked. "Be seeing ya sooner than later maybe, huh?" Tyde was an amazingly cool old guy saying that stuff, but he had only a passing acquaintance with Finnick's parents. Finnick was not surprised when Pa said no. He spied on the club sometimes. Odysseus leading big kids through practice drills with wooden swords; Shad playing ball games with younger ones. He wasn't a very good spy as far the going unnoticed part was concerned. Tyde saw him two or three times and just laughed. When Theo was out supervising swimming races and caught sight of Finnick at a distance he cheerfully waved for him to come down and join them, but Finnick, not keen on taking such a brief taste of involvement with the group he so fervently desired to belong to, shook his head and declined. If Song or Shad or Odysseus noticed him, they just pretended they didn't. And, Mags, Finnick figured, didn't even have to see him to know he'd been coming around. She knew pretty much everything one way or another. When Finnick showed up to join the club the day after his eleventh birthday (with written permission from Pa), Mags was present. "You've been waiting for this a long time, haven't you?" she remarked as Shad scratched his way through entering him officially in the club logbook. "Yes, ma'am! Very much!" A certain degree of familiarity developed between Finnick and the four older victors through his mere presence in the club. It wasn't so big that everyone didn't know the name at least of everyone else and Finnick, with three siblings at home, was used to competing for attention- and frequently receiving. Tyde knew who Finnick was because he thought he showed promise if he stuck it out; Odysseus knew who Finnick was because he thought he was a cut-up. The two of them ran most of the actual fighting-ish parts of the training. Mags came and went, silently appraising. Shad took care of the odds and ends and hovered around Tyde. Theo and Song were rarely part of it at all- they had more outside duties to attend to- but Finnick quickly learned that Song knew exactly who he was as well on a day she swapped in for Odysseus. "Odair!" she snapped, just seconds into his picking up a practice staff and starting to clown around, "On task!" Some of his fellow young club members laughed at this instant scolding. "Oh," Song furrowed her brow and looked around the group, "Don't think that doesn't go for all of you as well as Odair. Don't think I haven't heard everyone's tricks." "Coach O tells you everything, huh?" Lulu Ruiz hypothesized. It wasn't hard to tell that Song was his protégé. They shared some similar rough edges and weapons-handling mannerisms. "Well, in your case, I also hear it from your mother at the post and paper-goods shop, Ruiz," Song gave a television-familiar smug smile and picked out a staff for herself. "Now are we going to run some drills or what?" On some level, Finnick knew he shouldn't volunteer out of turn, but on the year of his third reaping, so sure that he knew what was needed to win the Games and that he had it, his reckless side won out. Niemi Ray, his female counterpart, acknowledged this immediately on their brief trip to the Justice Building. "That was really stupid, Finnick," she said (she would revise her decision somewhat when she saw the Capitol reaction to him) and suffered some scolding from the escort for her unkind presumptions. Shad exhibited all the energy Mags kept contained as he fidgeted excessively on the train ride in. If either of them shared Niemi's sentiment regarding his decision (to some degree they must have), they kept it to themselves. They played their roles, stern, but kind. Mags' face was the last one from home he saw before entering the arena. "I'll see you again," she said as she hugged him. Finnick wondered if she told all her tributes that. And, almost as if he had gone to sleep and dreamed and then awoken back in his own bed, Mags was the first person from home he saw when he left the arena. "It's so good to see you again." Shad was a close second, standing behind her. "You did good, Finnick," Shad began to sob, "You did really good!" District Four victors and Finnick Odair were now overlapping categories. Boredom was not one of the things Finnick had expected would follow his victory. It was just, sure his parents wanted him to keep on going to school, but it wasn't as if there were exactly anyone around making sure he went every day and it wasn't like it hadn't already been interrupted again by the Victory Tour. Many of Four's victors had won with only a perfunctory amount of schooling ahead of them anyway and had been granted an early graduation after merely tying up a few loose threads. Procedure had varied for the younger ones. Jules had apparently completed what education he had remaining at home, too- Finnick didn't know- cracked up or something to handle being back in the classroom. Song and Theo had gone back to school intermittently and lazily from what he gathered (the literature teacher had intimated that he thought it was only a desire to return to the drama club, of which he was the faculty advisor, that had brought Theo back). So if he were in the right mood, Finnick went to class and it he weren't, he didn't, which sometimes involved lying to his parents, but he was a pretty good liar and both of them still worked, meaning it was easy to avoid them during the day and not have them be any of the wiser as long as a teacher didn't decide to get in touch about it. The thing was, his siblings and all his friends were still in school. That was where the boredom came in. Finnick was a social individual; he could only stand so many hours alone. …but looking out his window soon revealed he was not alone in his idle daytime hours in his new neighborhood. The other victors had things they did outside of their homes, but no one had a full-time job occupying his or her time. There was Shad right now, with a fishing spear and a creel basket and a net trailing out of it and maybe some other assorted gear. Wherever he was headed (the what was relatively implied by his equipment), it had to be more interesting than simply staying inside. Finnick was off like a shot. "Shaaad!" he burst out the front door waving, "Where're you going?!" The older man stopped, taken by surprise, but quickly categorized that surprise as pleasant and broke into a smile. "Hello, Finnick. Home today? I was going to sail out to the reef and, ah-" The "what" of his going was rather evident in the things he was carrying. He cocked his head to the side. "Would you like to come? I know you're really good at this." A fishing spear and a one-person net. They were where the skills he had made such superb use of in the arena had started. "…Assuming you still like to do that kind of thing." "Why wouldn't I?" Finnick asked. "Oh," Shad shrugged, "You know." No need to encourage anxieties the boy might not possess. It might have taken Tyde years to stop being sickened by the smell and sounds of barbecuing and he himself still startled at sounds in the dark and if you let Odysseus see rotting things he turned the most peculiar sick shade of puce, but everyone was unique. Finnick had seemed relatively comfortable in the arena. Shad thought he would've made a poor mentor for him. The right victor had, again, gone to the right tribute. "Don't worry about it." They set off to the small dock were most of the victors' boats were kept (Tyde's boat was too big, so he tied it up elsewhere)- Mags' prettily painted Aoko Ayu where they had celebrated Finnick's homecoming late into the night, Odysseus' Penelope , a slim sailboat, Song's Wavecutter , a larger sailboat with colored sails, and Theo's Alicia Louise (named for his mother, Finnick remembered, Four-made, of course, and among the most visible uses of his spoils of victory, though Mom and Pa always told him, "You were too little to remember that, Finnick," and brought up the story about the leftover pineapple cake his mother was allowed to bring home from Theo's Victory Tour party which was somehow the catalyst for his younger sister being conceived). Shad's boat was the least assuming of them all, merely a sort of rowboat, but she was all well maintained as any of the others. "Ah, it's nice to have help with this," Shad let out a pleased sigh as they pushed off. Finnick thought of Niemi. Her short, brown pigtails. Her many freckles, darker splotches against her already sun-dark skin. Her gray-green eyes, that he had not seen cloud over with death in person, but rather on the huge screen projecting the recap of his victory. Maybe they could have been the first pair to end it Four versus Four. He could have beat her then. Instead, he'd left her earlier. If Niemi'd won instead, she would probably be here too, in this boat with Shad. Or maybe she'd have chosen or commissioned her own boat by now. It was the aspiration of most citizens in Four to own their own boat. Pa was making him take a while to think about what kind he