Part I. Swallowed by a Wave. I open my eyes to sunlight trickling across the ceiling. District 4 comes fourth, of course. They go in order. Our reaping happens pretty early, but I'm used to getting up early, so I don't mind that part. I think it would be harder to have to wait. Everything feels different on Reaping Day. Still, I get up and make my bed like it's an ordinary day, all the while knowing that I'm not going out on the boat with Papa and I'm not going to school and I'm not going to do chores and then hang out with my friends in the market. I don't believe the lies I'm telling myself. It's not an ordinary day. I put on my best dress and that hammers home that things are definitely different today. I must have worn this dress only six or seven times since I got it because it just seems too nice for school or work. It's for special occasions. It's blue and white. Mrs. Mirande made it for me. I don't have a mother to do such things and Mrs. Mirande is happy to; she doesn't have any daughters. Reaping day is only a special occasion because the Capitol says so, of course. When I was a little girl, there was no such thing. But there was fear then about other things. Planes would roar overhead and I would press my hands against my ears, trying to drown out the worrisome sound. I have a lot of friends without fathers because of those times. It took a while for them to make up their minds on something fittingly ominous and important-sounding, but the Capitol has decided to officially call them the "Dark Days" (at least until some new set of politicians arise who decide that some other moniker is better suited to their purposes and policies). There are some people who don't like my father, as best as I can tell, simply because he's still around after all that. He would have fought the Capitol like everyone else, he's told me quietly some nights on the boat, but the recruiters wouldn't have him out there holding a gun because of the tremor in his hands. It isn't because he's nervous. When I was small I would hang onto his hands and try to hold them steady. It doesn't matter how hard he focuses- sometimes his hands just shake. He gets around just fine on the boat though and that's what matters when it comes to day to day life. I can hear him clattering in the kitchen. If it's anyone else, they've broken into our house. Papa and I live alone. I brush my teeth, fix my hair, and go downstairs. The kitchen smells like coffee and eggs, a pretty normal combination around here. "Hey," I say to Papa. I sit down at the table even though I'm too nervous to be hungry. "Are you hungry, Mags?" "Not really," I admit. "Got to eat your breakfast, even if it's reaping day," Papa stirs the eggs around the pan. I give it my best shot. Papa is doing the same. The flavor of each bite seems particularly intense this morning. Is it a result of my fear that this might be the last time I share in this familiar meal? Fear is a constant hum in the back of our lives. My whole life there's been fear of one kind or another, just the form has changed. I wash the dishes and Papa dries them. "Let's walk there together," he says and I agree. Our house isn't too far from the market square where the reapings take place, although we live on our boat about as much as we live in the house. The house is the better place to stay during the stormy season, and, of course, we stay there for the convenience when we have something planned that requires us to go into town early. If there were actual cities in 4, this would be our capital. As things are, it's just the biggest town. Papa and I don't live in this town because we're any better off or more important than anyone else in 4, it just happens to be the house where my mother's parents lived. They weren't, socially speaking, any special sorts either. They fished. Of course there are all kinds of other occupations people have in 4, taking care of all the necessary aspects of everyday living, but it's the sea that the Capitol needs us for and things that come from it that inspire whatever love for us they might have for us. I can see the trembling in Papa's hand as we lock the door and leave the house. He reaches out toward me, tentatively, thinking of holding my hand while we walk like I'm a little girl again, I guess, but doesn't follow through with the action. His fingers twitch and he curls them up into a fist. I would have let him hold my hand if he had tried. I'm not embarrassed by that kind of thing. And, certainly, on reaping day of all days… But I feel strange about reaching out for his hand myself and letting him know that I saw. We reach the highest point between our house and the town center. There's a clear view from here out to the harbor. There are a lot of boats already moored and others coming in alongside them. "There's Odair," Papa points at a beautiful white and orange sail rising from their midst. "Flashy." The boats and water slowly drift out of sight as the path slopes down into town. District 4 is large, stretching along most of Panem's coastline. Its citizens live in boats and tiny communities spread from nearly one tip of it to the other, although Capitol efforts are gradually corralling people in closer together to make it easier for them to keep track of us. When it's old people living on the edges of the civilized parts of the district, they don't worry about it too much. It's the people they still might want to use that are important to them- adults to work in ways that will serve the Capitol and its interests; kids who are eligible to take part in their twisted games. There are tables set up for sign-ins. Officially, everyone is required to be present. There are different lines forming for kids eligible for reaping and for everyone else. The punishments for failing to appear if you're eligible for reaping are the sternest. If your name was called and you weren't there, even if the Capitol managed to get their hands on you later, you would have humiliated them. If there's one thing that is absolutely unforgivable, it's making the rulers in the Capitol look bad. I would hazard that the more people view this embarrassment, the worse one's punishment would probably be. The Capitol doesn't just like to kill people though- they like to make them suffer. So Papa behaves for me and I behave for him and so on and so forth. I always hate this part of the reaping. I don't like leaving him. The whole event would feel different if we could stand together and hold onto one another while the names were called. "See you soon," he promises me as we separate. "Not soon enough," I half joke, half agree. Every year I picture myself staring in shock as my name is called. We don't talk about the fact that Papa probably imagines the exact same thing. The line for girls isn't very straight. "Ooh, Mags, come stand with us," Azzie, a friend of mine from school, calls out and waves me over. No one complains when I cut the line to join her and Tylina. They're closer to each other than they are to me, but out of the girls I know, we're the closest. I've never quite recovered the depth of bonds of friendship I had when I was younger. I lost my best friend a bit too late to make any childhood friendships as strong. Teenage friendships are kind of different. Each of us is signed in officially in turn and then we go stand in the designated area for "girls, age 17" as the sign says. It's just a section of the square marked off with blue chalk. "Boys, age 17" jostle in the space to the left of us. To a greater or lesser degree, I know the majority of them and those above or below me a year too. The population of 4 is just so small and with the end of the rebellion followed by the beginning of the Games, the repopulation efforts- one of the very few areas in which the Capitol seems willing to reward rather than punish us- aren't exactly catching on. I hardly see how anyone could think they would. Saigo Kanno catches my eye and grins, flashing a local hand gesture that indicates how much he thinks this stinks. I poke at Tylina, but she doesn't notice in time. A dark-eyed classmate, uh, 'Lito, looks out of the boys' group at us sadly. I turn my attention aside and try to find Papa in the thicker, unorganized crowd of other, ineligible citizens from 4, but I don't see him. I think it's because I'm too short. The clock rings out the hour and Mayor Current rises from his seat and approaches the podium. He reads the same story he's read every year since the Hunger Games were instituted; the same litany of rebellion and punishment heard all around the country on this day. The official airing of the reapings doesn't show the separate mayor of each of the twelve districts reading all of this stuff, or so I've heard. When I was small I'd asked Papa if hearing the history behind the Games twelve times in one day bored the people in the Capitol. A dozen repetitions all in a row like that and it might even lose some of its frightening formality. Papa didn't know. He suggested that I ask my teacher. So back at school the next day, I did. Apparently they only have to hear the tale once a year. The president reads it at the beginning of the reaping day celebrations. The way the reapings are staggered, even the Capitol viewers how spend all day with their eyes fixed on it watch the action in each successive district without having to waste their time on the "boring" parts. Mayor Current is a stiff reader, but with a son and daughter eligible for reaping, I can't imagine any possible way he could relax. Apple Smitt, only the second escort our district has ever had, is his opposite in this sense. She speaks as easily as she smiles and always appears to be having a lovely time. Maybe she loves the Games. Maybe she's a good actor. If District 4 had any past victors (that's the official name for the winners- the sole survivors- all glorified and grand), they'd be sitting up on the temporary stage alongside her. It's supposed to be really amazing for your district if one of your tributes becomes the victor. I saw on TV some examples of the wealth Emmy Pollack's victory brought to her home in District 10. One month, every family received an allotment of sugar. The girl who'd won it all for them watched with a vacant kind of smile from the porch swing of her fancy victor's house as they gave it out. She perked up when some Capitol guy with a wildly waxed beard and hair appeared onscreen with her (they said his name, but he wasn't a known TV personality, so it didn't stick with me). She explained to this guy and a bunch of rowdy kids how to make some peculiar stretchy pink candy. The color matched her funny pointed boots. When