This fic was written for lls_mutant on lj as a treat for Rarewomen 2014. Please be warned for some disordered eating, and mainly background killing/death/violence, drug use, and sexual exploitation. "You don't want another Chrissie Warp," Chrissie broke her sentence up with a wry laugh, "You're not sick of the old one yet." Woof looked over at his mentoring partner. Chrissie was very different from himself or Pal or Miranda. Laughing was never a part of his telephone conversations with sponsors. But Chrissie knew people with money and she drew them in like no other Eight victor could. She might have a victor of her own sooner than not if only there would be a tribute able to climb that step stool of blood money to reach for the crown. Too many Eights died too soon for a proper stab at it. "Cecelia's not like me," Chrissie crooned to her would-be client, "Cecelia's a nice girl." "Come here. Come here, sweetheart. I won't hurt you," Cecelia had crooned to the tiny girl from Twelve. She had held that girl in her arms at night and hushed her tears like a mother. The boy from Ten had found them too and was drawn to her gentleness though he was not as small. Cecelia was with the Twelve girl for five days and the Ten boy for four. She mashed ordinary blackberries together with poison. She used a leaf to smear the mixture on a flat piece of bread from home. "There's not enough for all of us," she said and split it lovingly for the two of them. Chrissie cackled with glee in front of her screen. "You can do it! You can do it, Cece!" Career mentors across the room were groaning in frustration as the pack self-destructed prematurely, dividing in paranoia at the entirely accidental death of the Four boy upon falling from a tree. "A 'nice girl,'" Woof repeated to himself, watching Cecelia. In one day, the field narrowed from nine tributes to three, and the Two girl, for all her training, was in worse shape from from fighting her way through the pack breakdown than the girls from Eight and Nine. "You don't need this like we do," Honey sighed to the Eights, considering her place as Nine's second and last female victor for over thirty years as opposed to Chrissie's less than a decade old "triumph." "They're beyond the point of our controlling," Chrissie answered. This was no entirely true when Two and Eight commanded enough resources to send a medicated bandage and packaged food, respectively, to their tributes while Nine could conjure nothing of use for their girl. With their last victor, Holland, fading almost twenty years into the past, what small cache Nine had ever possessed was only shrinking smaller. At this point, they needed a tribute any clear-headed mentor could sell and they had not had one. Chrissie and Woof held their collective breath as their potential victor fretted over the simple granola bar they had sent her, afraid to eat. The poisonings had been her first kills. That was always a tough spot. Cracking now could spell her end. "It's factory-sealed," Chrissie murmured to the girl who could not hear her, "It's safe. Cece, I wouldn't send it if it wasn't safe." Cecelia unwrapped the granola bar and took one tiny bite. And waited. And did not seize or spasm or die. Chrissie could practically imagine she heard Pal and Miranda cheering this positive sign all the way back in Eight. They had jumped up and spilled their quilting project on the floor and were squeezing one another tight. That was how she saw it. They would love Cecelia and, for the first time, they would be proud of her for something other than just continuing to live. The victors in Eight were all too aware of their position as district outcasts to judge, and they were kind besides, but Chrissie knew she was the odd one out among them. The Capitol wasn't any more perfect than anywhere else, but she had found so much there that she liked. If only the others weren't so old, maybe. If they weren't so meek and conservative. They might find a freedom or two that suited them in the Capitol- in medical procedures that might improve their health that they were too afraid to ask for, in people who would compliment them when they found the courage to put on bright makeup instead of shaming them as "tarts" (and Chrissie herself got plenty of that when she went to town, but she wasn't ashamed of who she was, so why should she care?), in sexual mores that freed them to openly love who she was sure they really loved. What little she knew of Cecelia, Chrissie had liked. Whatever else she came to know, she was determined to try and like too. She considered it part of her job as a mentor. Just like Miranda had let Chrissie be Chrissie (all night parties, designer drinks, skin tight dresses, kissing girls (in public, at least) - Chrissie enjoyed all of these things, but could never imagine them suiting Miranda), Chrissie would try and facilitate letting Cecelia be Cecelia. Chrissie charmed the new boy, Khamphan, (while Blight looked on and laughed) to go out and pick up a few things for her in the city. Woof came and went in a natural manner, but Chrissie stayed up through Cecelia's victory for thirty-two hours straight, and tears carved tracks like tiny canyons through her days-old makeup when the horribly wounded Two girl turned down Cecelia's proffered poison and took her up on her offer to: "Kill me with some honor or die with it." The blood from Two's slit throat ran down between Cecelia's fingers. The Two girl seemed to be thinking, "That's more like it." "She's got your spunk, I think," Two's mentors for this round shook Chrissie's hand, "You should watch it with the uppers." In her daze, she barely felt their touch; wasn't sure which of them said what. Woof put her to bed: "Until you can see Cecelia." Cecelia had the sneaking suspicion that Chrissie Warp was roughly as dazed as she was, if less actively traumatized, when they met again outside the arena. "…You're so pretty," Chrissie said. "She means we're so glad you made it," Woof translated. "No," Chrissie rubbed her aching head, "Well. Both. You were brave. And never let anyone tell you for a minute that you don't deserve to be here. …But you're also pretty." "I don't like girls like that," Cecelia replied in a very tiny voice. "…At least I don't think I do." When the situation actually called for it, sitting with Caesar Flickerman or engaging with President Snow, Cecelia did her own talking without an overabundance of difficulty. When it wasn't as required, she kept her thoughts to herself and allowed Chrissie to do much of the speaking for her. Chrissie seemed to love talking. Cecelia could also never tell when she actually liked some Capitolite versus when she hated them, because she was great at behaving like every person she conversed with short of the president was her best friend, then turning around and whispering to her new victor that she really despised such-and-such individual who was "very cheap," or "a terrible kisser," or had thrown up on her at a party and not even apologized. Woof summed Chrissie up with a smile and a twist of his hand, like he was winding a clock. In general, Woof was very calm and Chrissie was very stimulating. Woof was a morning person; Chrissie was a night owl. Cecelia watched herself shown off here and there on so many- too many screens- as if the Cecelia Weaver onscreen weren't her at all, trying to sort out what to make of herself. In Eight they always said their people came back wrong and, in some ways, she did feel wrong and bad. But she didn't feel…unworthy like Chrissie had suggested. She just hadn't wanted to die. She was about as worthy or unworthy as anyone else. It wasn't like anyone back in Eight wanted the tributes they knew to die…so why did they act like the ones who came back were so worthy of censure? Cecelia wondered why she had never given much thought to this before. It seemed there was so much more time in the day when she didn't eat. And then there was considerably less time in the day when Woof and Chrissie realized she was barely eating. "They'll force the nutrients into you, you know," Woof said, "The Capitol won't let you waste away until after your Tour at least." Cecelia bit her lip. She hadn't pictured that part, but it made perfect sense. "She doesn't want to die, Woof," Chrissie insisted, proved right by the way Cecelia whipped her head around to face her mentor, nodding slowly. "She's just afraid. …Right?" "…Yes." "So, we'll help you," Chrissie promised, crossing her arms under her breasts. "Can't say we can fix your being scared, but I'll get enough food into you one little bit at a time. …And I don't think I'm being too presumptuous when I say I speak for everyone in the Village." "You're not," Woof agreed. Chrissie was willing to try whatever method was necessary, but Cecelia had no suggestions. The only thing she was sure of was that she herself could never be involved in the preparation of the food. On the train ride home, Chrissie bullied the staff into letting the two of them into the food-preparing area, so Cecelia could watch as each dish was made. Woof came in and even made some Eight-style food of his own. Cecelia sat on a tall stool and clutched at the fabric of her skirt in her anxiousness. The distraction of Chrissie's talking helped some. Eating pre-made food directly out of perfectly sealed packages was a bit better than dishes from the kitchen car. Anything that happened out of her sight was suspect. Woof's personal touch eased her mind slightly as he put the spoon into her hands. Chrissie was better at not watching too carefully as she ate; at not acting like it was a big deal or there was any real problem at all. Cecelia came home and at the party in her honor, ate precisely two bites, which was what Chrissie had told her was the minimum amount necessary to be polite, and no more. Her mentor brushed the single comment on the matter off as nerves. Aside from eating, Cecelia felt capable of taking care of herself. She moved into her new home. The following morning, she showed up at Chrissie's during breakfast. "I don't want to bother you, but-" "I'm your mentor, Cece," Chrissie yawned, négligée slipping down the shoulder she leaned on the door frame, "I promise, one hundred percent, you will never be bothering me. Come inside." Drinking was easier than eating. Chrissie put on the kettle and made them both some tea. One sip at a time, Cecelia managed two cups. "I'd never been in the Village before yesterday," Cecelia admitted. "Yeah, it was the same for me. I came across Jeymes once in town and I thought I he could kill me just by looking at me the wrong way," she laughed, "Of course, he didn't even make eye contact with me. He was just signing for some package from the Capitol at the same time I was helping a teacher pick up the new history textbooks. I was such a dumb kid!" "Oh," Cecelia remembered, "I want to apologize, Chrissie! Boss Shalia, at Factory Six- she used to say such mean things about you and I believed them!" But rather than scolding her or accepting her apology, Chrissie only laughed harder. "Shalia? Shalia Dempsey?!" She slapped her half-bare thigh, "Oh my gosh, she was a few years above me in school and