"Sometimes success is as disconcerting as failure." -Don Henley Part I. Just Want to Move Ahead I try out different rooms until I find one where the sunlight creeps in each morning like it did in our old home. I awake too late without the light as an alarm (or I wake too early, in the dark, amidst the nightmares, and when I finally drift off again, sleep far too long). This is my own time, one day after another. Patterns develop and fluctuate. Papa won't sell the old house, but he feels unkind holding onto it when, undoubtedly, there's need. He gives it to Dan Armain, his closest male friend, who basically lived on his rickety boat in the time from the rebellion until then. Dan has no wife or children, but he uses the opportunity to move his niece and her family in with him. The house may be filled to the brim, but it's a sturdier one, in a better area than they came from. I find it hard to feel even as close as I did previously to my old friends, but I get along with basically everyone. The general gratitude is too widespread for many grudges. Papa and I have settled physically, materially into the big house that was part of my winnings by the time the call comes (emotionally is a tougher call). "Consider this your first reminder, Mags," Apple says, "Your Victory Tour begins one month from now." "Yes, Apple," I agree obediently. I'm neither looking forward to nor dreading this part. How much can I complain when I'm not going to have to either kill or die? Maybe seeing the other districts will be interesting. Will District 6 be as smog-choked as Sparrow suggested? "I'll be ready." It will be nice to see Apple and Aulie again, at least. "Was that Apple?" Papa asks from his place at the table. "Three weeks 'til the Tour," I answer. "I'm going out." If it were important, I would say more, but it's not. I'm just going out for the sake of being out. He understands the best he can. I weave my aimless way between the empty next-door houses. There are twelve houses in Victor's Village, so I guess the Capitol imagines a single district might have up to twelve victors at once? Will that be sufficient, or someday, somewhere, are they going to have to put up more? There is room for more. These were only the twelfth Games. The Victor's Village has its own docks and its own beach, though the houses are a ways up and away from the sand (it wouldn't do, having those pretty houses easily flooded when it storms). It's an island. Literally and figuratively. It feels like we're very alone. Papa and I have no neighbors. …On land, that it. At sea it's another story. At sea, things are just like the old days. Odair, whose sister was a tribute, cruises by with a new girl alongside him and both of them wave. A bunch of younger teenage boys I don't know from the school rowing team alternately practice their sport and splash one another mercilessly. Papa can't stand not to work, but there's no need any more for us to work very hard, so we pick around and don't take away from the needier people around us. I try to enjoy the familiarity of it. The simplicity. Except when I have some inexplicable (in that I can't find the trigger) bout of nerves and seeing the shape of a big fish moving through the water makes me break out in a cold sweat. Sometimes I can go out on the boat, but I can't fish. Sometimes just wading in the shallows sets me on edge. Papa tells me to take things slowly. Rushing won't help. Setting your mind to it can only get you so far. I have to go slowly, even when it gets boring. The idea that Faline was saved by my actions this time, but could theoretically be reaped again some other year tugs at my mind. 'Lito has one more year of eligibility too. Sometimes when I meet up with one or the other of them after school I get into taskmaster mode. "You can't count on the arena to have big bodies of water to swim in," I say like I'm some kind of expert, or, "You can't expect to be able to get your hands on the tools you'll need or even ones you're capable of using decently." 'Lito calls this my "mentoring practice." He humors me, going swimming, practicing knots, throwing rocks at target, making fishhooks… I try to temper my arena-focused insanity in front of Faline, but from time to time she still ends up running sprints along the sand with me. Of course, as close as Faline came to it, to her, as well as to 'Lito, the exercises we engage in are a game at best. They like me, so they indulge my peculiarities. Anyway, at least we do ordinary things together too. I help Faline with her schoolwork and we make jewelry with shells and bits of glass we pick up off the beach. I help 'Lito paint in his father's boat shop; we talk a lot. I can't manage everything they might like. I won't play a beachside game of Marco Polo. I won't let 'Lito hold my hand. How much is a result of my Games and how much is just me? Where Games-related issues float uneasily between me and my friends, a decent number of adults have warmed to the feelings I expressed regarding readiness and volunteer-ship. I can't know how that would've gone if I'd lost (though second place would've still made my point pretty well), but I won. An older and just better prepared (marginally, in my case) tribute drastically improves the odds of halving the inevitable sorrow in District 4. So, maybe it's illegal to train for the Games, but what if a handful of kids have the inclination to hang out with a victor and learn some self-defense? The Capitol wants District 4 to play into the larger game at stake here by lauding my victory, right? And they'll be doing that better if I'm a local celebrity of some sort than if I slip silently away to sulk at home in Victor's Village. There's a balance a victor seems to need to strike (unless you're on-television-weekly Jack Umber). Don't become too needy for the Capitol's attentions; don't hole up in your basement and black out all the windows. Even if there's no battle training, which would do the most good, there is always my officially approved talent: basket-weaving. Weaving fibers by hand can make you a basket, but couldn't it also make a rope, a shelter, a component for a trap? When the Capitol's cameras come back to capture me for my Victory Tour, led by a pushy woman named Tosca, Apple contrives to make sure they start with my weaving "class" (it's a bit more impromptu and instructed than how I'd describe an average class). The fact that there are seven boys present to the three girls (excluding me) is played funny, as an indication of my "who wouldn't want to date a victor?" (answer: probably plenty of people in the districts) charm. This was Apple's idea and she thinks it's exceedingly clever. I'm just happy that the Victor Affairs people are obviously buying into, or willing to pretend to buy into, this as a 'cult of Mags' thing, not an infringement of the rules. A couple of my 'students,' Estelle and Rodrigo and Che in particular, even seem to enjoy being filmed and interviewed, which scares me on some level. The reapings aren't rigged, right? This isn't going to increase their odds of being picked? Even if they're preparing to consider staring death in the face, I think any volunteer comes at the situation differently than someone randomly picked. Just being that tiny bit more in control of your own destiny makes such a difference. Apple becomes my temporary student for the sake of the viewers back home. She's like some shiny bit of foreign debris washed up among the ordinary driftwood, surrounded by my little group: Che, Rodrigo, 'Lito, Slip, Salvador, Tack, Jerrick, Faline, Estelle, Maria. Apple's not a natural, but we help her make a bracelet out of palm fronds and green ribbon and she's extraordinarily proud that she was involved in its construction as I see her showing it off to Papa while the camera crew takes their lunch break on our porch. "Maybe Mags' talent is teaching as much as weaving," Papa says to her. "Someone taught her well first," Apple smiles at him. In her sea green and silver heels she's a bit taller than him. She looks down into Papa's eyes with an easy fondness. I realize I have no idea how old Apple is or what sort of family she has, aside from the sister I happened to meet on the hovercraft on my way out of the arena. Does Papa remind Apple of her own father? Or would he be more like an older brother to her? That he gets along with her is no surprise- Papa is my semiconscious role model in personable-ness. I've seen him angry and I've seen him argue, but I have never seen him start the fight. I can't claim the same about myself. I say good-bye to Papa and Faline on camera. I say good-bye to Mrs. Mirande on my own. In the other districts, I'll have to see the families of the fallen tributes, but that's to be a reminder of unpleasant things for them (as much as for me?). District 4 has a victor; that they also have a loss- one that I knew and liked- won't be rubbed in. It would only diminish the viewing pleasure of the Capitol. Under the surface, everyone who knew Beanpole thinks about it anyway (Apple obliquely refers to him as 'that poor boy'). I'm upbeat with my good-byes in a "let's get this over with" sort of way. The sooner I go, the sooner I'll be home. And after the places I've been, it's easy to go anywhere knowing that I'll eventually come back. The tour's first stop will be in District 12, working our way back down numerically through the districts (skipping 4) to the Capitol. It's going to take a while to reach 12, even at this speed. It's further from 4 than the Capitol is. My styling team reunites with me on board and spruces up my ordinary, plain appearance with some makeup and hairpins. "You know how they say 'spare no expense?'" Erinne says, laughing, "Well, we're supposed to spare expense. There's a budget and anything that goes over it, we're paying for out of pocket." "Oh, uh, sorry," I'm not sure what to say, "I hope that the things I packed will be good enough." Erinne laughs more at this. "Ooh, it's not up to you to take care of that, Mags! "Knock, knock," Aulie bellows. "Ladies, may I come in?" "Yeah," Irish counters, "And when we let you in we're never going to get you out!" She leans down toward my ear to share her more detailed grumblings. "Somehow he'll convince someone to do his makeup, which I think is how he saves money on his own." "He can come in if you don't mind, Mags," Erinne shrugs. "C'mon, Aulie!" I call for him. I've had his phone number this entire time, but I never quite felt I had the "need" to call him as he'd said, so we haven't been in touch. Apple only mentioned himonce among her various calls. For some dumb reason I had assumed they had some kind of common connection beyond me, but I think that's not true. Until I won, they probably worked with one another just that one month