Mags (born Margaret, but always called Mags) Gaudet is surrounded by prominent Capitol citizens of her day. Natural and plain in the middle of ones so manicured and coiffed and coutured. None of these people are still alive. She was only a young girl at the time (this picture's origins lie in the Capitol ending of the Victory Tour). Even with all their money and privilege and access to the latest medical advances, no one can completely still the march of time. She has outlasted them all. But where one falls, another springs up to take his place, and only the faces change. Of the foes who rise up in her wake, President Snow is deadliest of all. Everyone in the picture is smiling, but still she is swimming with sharks. Crammed into one image it's all too many teeth. Rows upon rows, for sharks to smile and eat you with. The large shark-mutt from her Games was stuffed and hung in a commentator's mansion. The one that's replaced it looms larger. Just like the one in her Games, this shark lies behind all the events, in thought if not in action. There is a careful dance going on as the shark circles round and Mags Gaudet plays with various notions of what she might (what she can; what she should) do. Bait the shark? Attack it? Avoid it? Ignore it? Since her Games she has been teaching others to swim, but has she done enough for them? The land is shrinking and soon there will be nowhere to stand. The shark is on no one's side but his own. She was willing to put her life on the line for others when rebellion seemed an absolute impossibility, so who would wonder at her doing this when there really was a chance? Tyde Barrow is grilling fish on a barbecue. This is a family photograph (though whether it hails from his family of fellow victors or the wife and children he tried his best at anyway is unclear and probably unnecessary to determine- the boundaries between these groups were often blurred). The steam curls up around his rough, masculine face. He is proud of his mustache and sideburns and stubbly beard, the greatest scruff of facial hair managed by any victor of the Games. He is a big man, just like he was when he won when he was nearly nineteen- a tribute even if he was barely a boy, although his face here is lightly lined with the press of age and on his arm is the elaborate hammerhead tattoo he acquired as part of the celebration surrounding his first successful mentorship. Red-hot charcoal is visible through the grates of the grill. Tyde was burned in his arena. He was lost several times from Mags' sight in the swirl of smoke and steam and she despaired at the prospects of saving this magnificently strong volunteer who vanished into the depths of the geyser-filled arena. How long did it take to break himself of the fear of that searing sound? To savor the scent of the cooking fish without the pleasure offset by memories of bodies boiled and burned and fried by the dangers built into that arena? Did he do it for his wife? She left the house at times, but never left the marriage. Did he do it for his children? There were three, and only one lost to the arena. Did he do it for his grandchildren? There were two before the rebellion and a third after. Did he do it for the tribute trainees? Mags was the district's most successful mentor, but before the arena, Tyde was their most dedicated trainer. He was wreathed in smoke again later as Capitol bombs exploded and roiled the sea. That wife and those children and grandchildren and a handful of would-be tribute volunteers survived him. It was in the company of the one winner he had mentored that Tyde Barrow went up, one final time, in flames. Shad Atwater is pictured in an extreme close-up. He looks somber, but there is no indication of tears recent or forthcoming. His eyes are two different colors- one gray and one green. Lots of people in the Capitol bought contacts to achieve this look after his victory. Some changed their irises more or less permanently (in that way that lots of fashionable Capitol citizens do semi-permanent things that they later regret and try to alter or undo). His crooked nose features prominently. Had he won his Games perhaps five years later, it would almost certainly have been fixed, but even prior to the arena it had not been a particularly neat shape and this off-ness, this imperfect quality he wore quite openly, suited his stylist just fine (Whether any noses were broken and offset in imitation of his look is more of a question for the fashion historians of the Capitol to answer). In the darkness of his Games, it made him easier to recognize, where in a better-lit arena it would have made more an "ugliness" impression. The general response to his appearance was that he looked funny, but wasn't a victor always beautiful? People said he wasn't and Tyde Barrow argued that he was. He was the only victor Tyde ever mentored (no one in 4 could pick- or was it make ?- a victor like Mags) and at all times Tyde rushed to defend him. Shad was not funny-looking, but uniquely attractive. He was not weak; he was sensitive. And his winning, Tyde told him over many, many times, was not bad luck, but a blessing. But onstage, in training, and then underground, he had cried and cried and cried. There had been no clear sign warning Mags and Tyde of it before he was reaped and in front of the reaping crowd it was hardly unexpected. Then the crying didn't end there. Shad's sorrow, like the ocean, never came near to drying up. "You can stop crying now," Caesar Flickerman had tried to comfort him at his recap, "There's nothing you need to cry about anymore." "Sorry," said Shad, "I'm so sorry." Back home, on tour, while mentoring- the waterworks were never fully stopped. For no apparent reason at all the tears would start. It was tolerated increasingly poorly (aside from the sorts who were specifically attracted to this type of thing), but Tyde never failed to stand up for him. "He just cares so much," Tyde argued, "And the Games were hard on him." It had been an entire Games played underground, in pitch darkness at times and with miner's lamps or improvised torches at others. When the tributes couldn't see, the audience across Panem watched their stumblings in the strange greenish glow of night vision. When the beam of a mining lamp fell across his face, Shad's wet eyes wobbled and streams of tears glinted down his cheeks. The color seemed drained from him. He had a certain similarity to some blind cave fish. And he sobbed when he killed. The echoes of his cries came to frighten the less formidable tributes who remained. His open weakness had kept him from the career pack, but he won without them. In this picture, it's not so clear from the extremity of the close-up, but he is looking out at the open sea. Dangerous enough, but with no boundaries he cannot break through. Few things frighten him after his Games more than to be shut in, to be caged. What is he looking at? The only way out? Unknown, but open- so very open- the sea, the sea, the sea. He stays because he's too afraid to go alone. He stays because how could he even consider going without the only ones (and one in particular) who've ever had his back? People swear they saw Shad and Tyde in one another's arms in the final flare of light before the ocean was lit with fire. No one still alive knows whether or not he cried. Odysseus Armain is pictured on the front page of the Fishermen's Union's quarterly newsletter. The reproduction is a bit poor because the union's printing equipment is both illegal and outdated, housed in the basement of the home of a the very brave and daring union president, but even without the caption beneath it, Odysseus would be easy to recognize. He is a strong man and darker skinned than the majority of District 4's population, with a deeper innate coloration to begin with than the usual fisherman's tan. There is a fishing basket beside his boots, like the basket he was found in as a baby, bobbing in the water. He came from the sea, as far as everyone knows, and that is good enough for District 4. He was laughing when they found him. With circumstances like that, how could anyone doubt the boy they named Odysseus was blessed? The basket is good, of course, and his sturdy boots, and the damp deck of his boat beneath his feet, but the stern look he gives the camera points to the thing that this article is about. Something that is not good. As a matter of fact, a very serious problem for the entire district. The exact condition of the fish in his hands is hard to determine from the picture, but anyone can see that it isn't good. As a matter of fact, this fish suffers from some kind of sickness or parasite. The Capitol asks for too much. They are forced to overfish. There are problems beyond that. Is there something seeping down through the earth from the other districts? Something washed in along the rivers? This fish is all but rotting away in his gloved hands, but seeing it sickens his heart and not his stomach. There was rot enough around him in his Games. There was mutt-mold in the swampy (that was what he'd decided to call it, but it was still hard to believe there could be such a thing) that would eat away at a body still living if you lay still too long and allowed it to congregate. Shad Atwater had not been lying- he had hardly been exaggerating- when he had told Odysseus that, "the things in the arena will exceed your wildest nightmares." Shad had been there as the mentor of his partner, Tinsa Rios. Odysseus had been in the hands of Mags. The way Tinsa had screamed when she fell into the acid that burned her hands to the bone was something he would never forget. His "wildest" nightmares were wilder now. The mythic box full of evils had been opened. He had passed through the land of the dead. He had swum through their river, surrounded by bones. He had eaten their food (and food, in that arena, had spoiled faster than people). He was theirs now. He had come home, and found home was merely a satellite of the netherworld all along. But he was strong, like they thought. He bought his own boat. He went back to sea. Odysseus Armain survived the longest ever Hunger Games. He is the last of District 4's victors to fall before the forces of District 13 fully connect with those in District 4. He has fought to cut them off from the Capitol's spreading rot. In the end, he is, probably, think the remaining people who know him best, content. Jules Surfjan is asleep low on the sand. The tide is rolling around his feet and legs, tangling them with seaweed. He is happy to soak up the sunshine he was denied in his Games. After the buckets of rain that drenched him in the arena, wetting his blond locks to his face and his unimpressively thin shirt to his tiny, muscled body it is only natural to Capitol eyes to see him at least partially wet. This much, up to his knees, would do. This is a picture that looks like it could be