author's note: the AO3 version has illustrations of all twenty-four victors here to go with it if you like that kind of thing :) Twenty-four victors return as tributes and take the stage to speak with Caesar Flickerman one last time. Throughout the process of the show, six other victors speak that day. In one capacity or another, all of them go on to speak formally before a camera again. For these eighteen, particularly those who went on to die the following morning in the first rush of battle around the Cornucopia, these words serve as a final testament. Cashmere Rausch "We start out with the Capitol's favorite sister," Caesar launches into a lead-up for Cashmere, who approaches with a perfect walk, a perfect wave, long, wavy hair, and a body many would call "to die for." "Now there's a title I'm proud to call my own," Cashmere replies, "Knowing that I've meant so much to all of you has made all the difference as I've lived through what might be some of my final days here." "That reputation is entirely deserved, dear," the host gushes, "Your beauty, your grace, your admirable relationship with your brother… You're a role model to so many girls here in the Capitol. It may be personally lucky for me to receive the opportunity to speak with you again like this, but it's a shame that so soon we'll be losing at least one of you siblings." "Well, I hope that my presence on your screens can bring you all enough pleasure this one last time to make up for all the days you'll have to go on without me," she dabs at her eye as a perfectly artful spring of tears begins to well up, just enough for this show of emotion to add to her looks rather than detract from them with the messiness of humanity. "There, there," Caesar puts forth an effort to comfort her. Whether she would truly want him to or not, they both know this is part of the show. "I-I'm sorry, this isn't the first time, I should be able to control my emotions, but I just can't stop crying every time I think about how much people in the Capitol will suffer losing us. If there's one thing they teach us in District One, it's how to be grateful," Cashmere continues through her television-perfect tears, "And I'll be aiming, in that arena, not to go out without repaying every last bit of debt I owe to the Capitol." "That's an exquisite sentiment, Cashmere! Exactly the sort of thing I've come to expect from you- exactly what we're all going to miss." Gloss Rausch "And now 'the Capitol's favorite brother,' right?" Gloss fills in the words he expects Caesar to lead with, "You've loved all us both so much in the time that you've known us I'm not sure I'd know what to do absent the Capitol's attentions! Cash and I are so busy we almost didn't have time to even watch the Quell card be read together." As opposed to Cashmere's primly sexy good posture, Gloss sort of flings himself casually into the chair, endearing in his practiced onstage ease. "Oh, and think how even more unpleasant that would've made it," Caesar reacts to his words over his body language. "Most of the important things Cash and I do, we do together. It's funny," Gloss cocks his head at an angle as he smiles, considering it, "Our separate experiences in the Games and what came afterward brought my sister and me closer together than we had been such we were barely school-aged kids. I guess life's unpredictable that way. And, you know, like you were saying to Cash, it's a shame that at least one of us won't be coming back. It's got me wondering if either of us would even mean the same to you without the other." "Well, there's no doubting that it wouldn't be the same, but I hardly want to suggest to you that neither of you has just as much value on your own and wouldn't be loved just as much if, in the arena, you were forced to leave your sibling behind." "Heh," Gloss chuckles, "I guess that's right. There'd be any number of kind individuals who would want to try and comfort either of us and fill the void in our lives. I'm not as on top of things as my sister. I forget how wide-reaching the Capitol's consideration for its victors can be- how generous President Snow tends to be to District One in particular." "Don't beat yourself up about it, Gloss, now of all times," Caesar goes on gently, "Something so overwhelming as that can be hard to fully take in, but we all know that you don't mean anything bad by such small lapses of memory. I know you and Cashmere are both used to coming awfully close to it, but no one's perfect." Gloss nods, still thoughtful, but not in a way he lets cloud his handsome countenance. "Yeah, that's true. A guy can get lost if he's all wrapped up in his own way of thinking all the time. That's one of the things that's been good about my life as a victor- the chance to get out of my home district and be exposed to other ways of thinking." "You haven't been one to just rest on your laurels!" "One way or another we can all better ourselves somehow," Gloss shrugs, "I learned that from my sister. I guess that's my last advice for you, Caesar. It's never too late." [Enobaria Slate] Brutus Rainier "I like things to be fair," Brutus says straight out, "I like knowing the rules ahead of time and when I am properly prepared, I am happy to follow those rules." Brutus has volunteered his way back here and it's easy enough, knowing him, to see the general shape of why he did so and why he says these things. He followed the rules set down in Two to study and train and one day take the stage as the chosen male volunteer. He knew the rules of the Games and he played and survived. He was aware of the rules that guided his life afterward as a victor and he followed them. For the Third Quarter Quell, the Capitol has broken its own rules. "Unfortunately there seem to have been twists in the schedule of things that we weren't previously aware of," Caesar offers a bittersweet smile laced with sympathy. "Tell me then, why are you here, Brutus, if you were unhappy with the way the rules have been handled?" "Because things would be even less fair if I weren't," he goes on stoically, "I'm not the one who makes the rules. I don't have that kind of power. The only choice I had when the names were called was whether or not to step up. And in the interests of fairness, I did. Some of us are here because we had to be. Some of us are here because we chose to be." "Well, I, for one, am glad to see you here again out of all the choices presented us by District Two. Even after all this time you're going to be a fierce competitor." Brutus manages to share a bit of personal positivity over at least this point. "It's been important to me to stay fit and sharp for myself." "I think that's admirable. And you've managed beautifully." "Thank you, Caesar." "And, I know, in what's soon to come, we will all be able to count on a lovely display of both your well-maintained body as well as your sense of fair play." If there must be a victor Games, let it be like this: "Let's have a good, clean Games," Brutus says, all the while knowing better than he did the first time around, that in the Games there is little to nothing good or clean. Wiress Rosen "Caesar, your microphone…" Wiress murmurs. It isn't operating within its most optimum parameters and all it would take would be the smallest of tweaks for her to adjust it properly. She communicates better as part of a pair, and as much as Caesar would like to accommodate that (she isn't the only one, and it would be something of a blessing if more of them had found such able translators over the years), he has instructions to follow the usual patterns and keep all of them separate. "I appreciate the sentiment," Caesar takes her questing hand and returns it to its previous place on her knee, "But I'm sure the way it is will be good enough for me to get through this. I don't want to eat your time up with such a task, Wiress." "To use my time productively would…" She blinks, considers this. Caesar waits as she switches tracks on her own. "In a person's life, productivity is not the only…" "Certainly," he agrees with where he thinks she's headed, "A person's worth should not be measured only by how productive they are. If we lose you, Wiress, it won't be just a matter of all the new things you could have invented if you'd lived longer, but not getting to experience how kind and funny you are." Her calm, somewhat quizzical expression shifts gradually to a small smile. "If people think so, then I'm happy. But…" But that's not the impression that the world of the Capitol has given her. There's always a quid pro quo (Beetee taught her that expression). When Wiress is called to the Capitol aside from mentoring, it is always with a service she can provide in mind. Even then, she can only usually manage to complete those jobs with Beetee at her side because no matter what she can puzzle out, she has no skill at transmitting those answers to most unfamiliar individuals (if Beetee is unavailable, Kelvin manages, though his temper flares and he pulls at his hair). "But?" "Even if I am only a small cog in a very large machine… If one part fails, it can break the whole." For a moment, Caesar's face hints at discomfort with this line of talk, but, ever the professional, he moves on effortlessly. "And I expect that working together you and Beetee make a very elegant sort of machine. I trust you will be allies in the arena?" "We are a pair," she agrees, "Dual orbit. Two notes in the same chord." "Something simple, but also something deep. Wiress, that seems very much like you." She gestures vaguely, "People…complexities…" Her time is running short, but Caesar is patient, giving her the space she needs to voice her final thought. "Perhaps there could still be time to repurpose the parts of the old machine…" [Beetee Latier] Mags Gaudet "Oh, Mags, I see you've brought something with you to show us?" Caesar set up Four's first victor just as she had expected he would, looking at the thin album clasped in her wrinkles arms. That they're old pictures can be understood from context more than her actual pronouncement of those words as they escape her lips. Mags opens the album and there she is with Finnick, soon after his victory. He looks so happy- there's an innocence in his eyes that's been gone for a long time now. "I remember this," Caesar plays along with her angle- it's a good choice for a woman who doesn't have the clarity of speech that she used to. It doesn't take many words for a victor to make a passionate statement on this stage. "We all loved Finnick from the moment we met him, didn't we, folks?" Caesar prompts the crowd, who, indeed, do love Finnick and can't have many complaints about his mentor dedicating a portion of her own alloted time to reflect on him (certainly considered her greatest achievement in many of the younger eyes). The cameras catch a good glimpse