iI hope you enjoy! Please R&R! I love hearing from you! Disclaimer: I do not own the Hunger Games Trilogy or the Movies... *sad face* Children Chapter 1: One More and and Added Bonus Katniss POV I awake and stretch my fingers outward, searching Peeta's warm presence. All I feel is the smooth fabric of the sheets. I stretch, yawn, and stand upright. "Peeta?" I call out through the empty compartment. "Yes?" He calls, entering the room with Willow at his hip. She pads over to me and outstretches her hands, asking for me to hold her. "Is everything alright Babe?" "Yeah, I just wanted to make sure you were okay." I whisper, wrapping my free hand around his waist. Willow looks at me. "I had a bad dream Mommy." I look into her beautiful blue eyes and stroke her dark hair. "I'm sorry Willow." "I'm okay though. Daddy took care of me." She ways with a brave smile. I look into my husbands blue eyes. "Yeah, Daddy pretty awesome, isn't he." Willow nods and hops down from my arms. "Willow, would you run along and play? I need to talk to Daddy for a moment. "Sure." "What is it?" Peeta says in his regular worried tone. "Is everything okay?" I swallow the bile rising in my throat. "Yes and no. Peeta, I think I'm pregnant again." The light in Peeta's eyes burns brighter. "Really?" "Yes. But how are we going to make this work?" Confusion enters Peeta's eyes. "What do you mean?" "Well between you and me, I didn't even want to bring up kids because of how famous we are. I just don't think it's a good idea for people to be in the spotlight at such a young age." I sigh. Peeta's lips press against mine in a sweet, simple kiss before he leans away, hands on my hips. "Babe, we'll make it work. We've done pretty good with Rye and Willow, I think we'll manage. "Okay." "Mommy, Mommy, we're almost there!" Willow says excitedly as she comes running in the room. I smile. "Are you ready to play with Maysilee?" Willow nods vigorously. "Can you go get Rye?" "Yea Mommy." The two year old said, running to go find her five year old brother. Willow's brother was the rational one of the two. He always had his head screwed on straight and thought things through with a maturity that long withstood his young age. The young boy came running into the room and looked up at his father with silver eyes. "You wanted to see me Dad?" "Your mom wanted to talk to you." Peeta says, wrapping his arms around my waist. "Rye, will you be alright with your sister today?" I ask, bending down to meet his eye level. Disappointment washes over him. "But you said you would take me to the library of Panem." "I know Rye, but something has come up. Maybe Haymitch will take you today." It breaks my heart to disappoint him. "Your daddy and I just have some errands to run." "Alright, I'll ask Uncle Haymitch." And with that, Rye is gone to finish reading his book, I suspect. Peeta turns to me. "I'll call Dr. Aurelius, and see if I can get an appointment at the hospital for today." "Alright." I mumble, falling into a chair behind me, suddenly dizzy. My mind races with all the things that could go wrong. All the things I could do that could make it go wrong. It races with all the people that could possibly want to hurt me and my family. I know that Gale has some anger towards me and Peeta, thus my family. I can't let him hurt me. I won't let him hurt my family. I swallow all these thoughts and turn to all that could go right. All the things I hope for. All the things that could lead to my happy ending. Suddenly, Willow comes running in and pulls me out of my chair. "Come on Mommy, we're here. I want to go to Auntie Effie's house." "Alright, alright, I'm coming." I murmur, slowly rising from my chair and walking over to the door. Peeta meets me at the door. "Are you ready Love?" "Ready as I'll ever be." "Haymitch and Effie will be here in five minutes to pick up the kids." He says, kissing up my neck. "I'll called them and told them I had to go to Dr. Aurelius today and the told me they'd come pick up Willow and Rye." "Okay." I giggle. Peeta kisses lower, down to my collarbone before he stops. "I'll be back." He leaves, probably to tell Willow and Rye that Uncle Haymitch and Auntie Effie will be picking them up. He comes back with a playful fire in his eyes and a hunger in his belly. We move to the bed and he lays down on top of me, kissing down my neck to my collarbone. Pleasure fills me as we kiss and I give in to my carnal instincts. "Peeta." I moan as he kisses around my hip bones. He smiles as he does so. Peeta kisses back up to my lips and our tongues lash it out in a fiery duel of passion. I kiss down Peeta's neck and collarbone and down to his hips. He moans and I smile. "Katniss, we should be getting to the hospital. Our appointment is in an hour. "Alright." I step onto the tile of the bathroom. "I'm taking a shower, would you like to join me?" "Sure. Be right in." I turn on the water and adjust it to the right temperature. Peeta comes in just as I'm stripping down to my starkers to hop into the shower. "I see I'm right on time." He smirks. "Yeah, yeah, yeah, whatever." I swat the air and step over the side of the tub. "Oh I'm coming, I just thought you'd enjoy the show first." He smirks again, dancing as he takes off his clothes. I roll my eyes and turn on the shower. "Just get in." Fifteen minutes later, I'm not only clean but satisfied, if you know what I mean. I walk to the dresser, a towel wrapped just below my collarbone and open the drawers, finding clothes for today. I pick a teal tank top and black bermuda shorts with teal flip flops. Peeta walks in wearing jean cutoffs and a blue tee shirt that makes his eyes pop. "You ready hun?" "Yeah." I mutter, tying my hair in its usual braid. Peeta wraps his arm around my waist and leads me off the train. He hails us a cab and we climb inside. I tell the driver our destination and we're off. In just a few minutes, we are at the front doors of the hospital and Peeta has ran around the back of the car to open my door. I pay the driver and step out into the light rain. Peeta leads me inside the hospital and to the reception desk. "Hello Mr. and Mrs. Mellark." The bright woman says. I wince at the words. Seeing as me and Peeta never actually got married, I'm not really Mrs. Mellark. "How can I help you today?" "We have an appointment with Doctor Narcow." Peeta says in a smooth voice. The receptionist smiles knowingly. "Alright, her office is on the third floor. Third door to the right." "Thank you." Peeta says and leads me to the elevators. "Sorry about her. She assumes a lot of things." I shake my head, tears welling in my eyes. "It's okay, it just hurts. Knowing that we may never be able to get married." Nine months before Rye was born, before Peeta even knew I was pregnant, Peeta and I tried to get married. But right as the preacher said the words till death do you part, Peeta had a really bad episode. I couldn't be around him for a month. Maybe one day we'll try again. Maybe. "I'm sorry babe. It's my fault and I promise we'll try again. Maybe soon. If not soon, then definitely after this baby." Peeta's voice is sweet as honey, and he's words are as tender as a baby deer. "Okay. Just don't try and rush okay? Let's just plan for after this baby." I say as Peeta rubs my arms. "Okay." The elevator doors open onto the third floor and Peeta pulls me out the metal structure. We walk three doors forward and knock. A kind looking woman with greying hair opens the door. "Hello dears, come inside." "Hello Dr. Narcow, we have an appointment." Peeta says in his warm tone. "What are you names?" Peeta takes a nervous glance behind him toward me and I nod my head. "Mr. and Mrs. Mellark." "Ah, come in, come in." The doctor says, waving us inside. We sit nervously in the uncomfortable chairs and look at Dr. Narcow. "Alright dears, what are we seeing you for?" "Um," I begin, looking at Peeta for help. He always knows what to say. Peeta seems at a loss for words. Great. Just at the moment I need him most too. "You're not here for an ultrasound, I don't perform abortions, so you must be here for the test." I nod and the doctor pulls out a cup from a cabinet above the sink. "I think you know what to do from here. Yes?" I nod and take the cup from the doctor. "I'll be back Babe." Peeta waves me off and I walk down the hall and spot a bathroom just across the hall. How convenient. I fill the cup and bring it back to Dr. Narcow. "I'll just go start this on analysis." I look at Peeta anxiously. "What if I was wrong?" "Katniss, you were right about when you were pregnant with both Rye and Willow. You'll be right this time." Peeta says on my lips. I kiss him and a few moments later the door opens. The doctor smiles warmly at us. "Congratulations Mr. and Mrs. Mellark." Peeta nearly jumps into my arms at these words. "Just to be safe, I'll want to see you back in a month." "Why?" Peeta and I chorus together. "Well, sometimes, there's this thing called a false positive that happens when you take the test too early. From my best guess, you are about a month pregnant and usually false positives happen within the first month and a half." The doctor explains. "Alright." Peeta says. "Can we go now?" The doctor nods and Katniss and I leave to the elevator. Once we step inside, Peeta jumps into my arms. "Isn't this great?" He asks. "I guess." I'm still a little unsure of my feelings on this. Peeta looks me in the eyes. "Babe, this is great. I'll never let anything happen to you or this baby. I haven't let anything happen to Willow or Rye. I promise you Katniss, nothing and no one will hurt you or our kids." "Alright." I mumble. "I'm so excited!" "That's the spirit." Peeta says, rubbing my arms. The elevator ride is silent the rest of the way down. Since the kids love Uncle Haymitch and Auntie Effie and Maysilee that we decide that we'll let Willow and Rye play there a while longer. "Katniss?" Peeta asks and I look into his blue eyes. "Can we go to the beach?" "Of course Peeta." I jump at the chance to please him. We walk along the wooden boardwalk and Peeta stops. "Come on Peeta. You said you wanted to go to the beach let's go." "I have to do something first." Peeta murmurs. I turn to him and see he's on one knee. "Katniss Everdeen, will you marry me?" Peeta POV The wood is hard beneath my knee but I don't care. I want Katniss to be mine so badly. I want her to be mine forever. She's already mine but I want her to be