DISCLAIMER: I own nothing . "I'm not happy." It was delivered without emotion; a quiet and flat tone that left her feeling bereft. She loved him; had loved him for as long as she could remember. She had first seen him on her very first day in her new world. He was in the enchanted boat in front of hers, where they had gathered at the large man's instruction as they stepped off the train. The boy's dark hair and pale skin were in direct contrast to the two boys he was sitting near: a blond boy, who was almost as cute as he was, and who was wearing a mischievous smirk; and a dark skinned boy who she would describe as beautiful. The last person in the boat was a pug-nosed, brunette girl staring at the blond; other than the girl, they all seemed to be enthralled with the chubby boy speaking. She wanted to smile with the small group riding in that boat, they looked like they were having fun, but instead, her boat was silent and uncertain. The dark-haired boy shifted his expression, meeting her eyes briefly. He had nodded at her in greeting, stealing a little bit of her heart then. That was before her blood status was known, of course. Before things had gone all sixes and sevens. He hadn't acknowledged her at all from the point when the Sorting Hat called out: 'Gryffindor!' and she'd hopped down to sit with her new house mates. At the Gryffindor table, she'd glanced his way out of curiosity, after she'd sat, but he hadn't been paying attention; hadn't paid attention the remainder of her education; even when Malfoy had taunted and teased and goaded, Theo hadn't ever engaged, nor had he focused on her for any amount of time. Still, Hermione protected and nurtured her crush on him; she was enthralled by his intelligence, his beauty, his subtle masculinity. She remembered he'd brushed past her once in the library, and in his wake, the scent of Myrrh drifted around her. It was refined, elusive, quiet, and intoxicating – like he was. "Hermione?" he reminded her that they were still standing there, facing each other; him waiting for her reaction; her remembering. Theo knew he shouldn't have said it like that. He had had a bad day; partly due to his mother and partly because Malfoy had been teasing him about not asking Hermione to marry him. Malfoy couldn't be blamed though, he'd been correct. Theo was a coward. He wanted to marry Hermione, but he was afraid to ask her. He'd been carrying around his grandmother's ring for months, waiting for the right time, but it never seemed to arrive. Hermione's eyes shot to his. "Right," she said, uncertain about what to do. She wanted to beg and plead and sob. She wanted to pour out her heart to him, ask him to spend the rest of his life with her, but her pride wouldn't allow it. She stood stock still, and swallowed then nodded in concession. "Right," she repeated in a whisper. Furrowing her brow, she studied her shoes for a moment before arriving at the only decision she could, "I'll just get my things." Her breath hitched slightly at the end and she prayed he hadn't heard. Theo watched her back straighten, her chin jut and her eyes fill with tears as she turned and walked out of the room to 'get her things'. He didn't know what to say or do; he was shocked by her reaction. Hermione was the only witch he'd ever loved. She was everything he had ever wanted, but they had been arguing… again. They usually argued about her reluctance to move in with him, her reluctance to admit that she wanted to marry, her reluctance to just be happy in the knowledge that he loved her and no one else. The underlining bone of contention on his part was that she didn't trust him with her heart. It was something he desperately wanted; her heart, her trust. Early on in their relationship, one mistake had solidly landed him in the not-to-be-trusted category in Hermione's mind; and it wasn't even his mistake. A house mate, a witch two years younger than Theo and Hermione, had grown into a lovely young woman and had arrogantly assumed Theo wouldn't decline her rather obvious invitation. He had, but not before Hermione had seen Maggie Bulstrode sitting on his lap, pushing his head into her ample bosom. Theo had pushed the girl off his lap. Maggie ended up on her bum in a graceless landing that had the table chuckling at her predicament. Theo sneered at her and left. He knew her reputation; her knees didn't spend much time together. Besides, he only had eyes for the pretty little witch he was currently wooing. As Theo turned away from the table, he caught a glimpse of Hermione's unmistakable curls rounding the corner and had run after her. Hermione never outwardly said she didn't trust him after he'd explained, but it was in the way she spoke, how aloof she was, which even Draco and Blaise had noticed. That was three years ago. Whenever Hermione and Theo were together, on the weekends mostly, they laughed and talked and read and couldn't be parted for a moment. It was heavenly and Theo knew that it wouldn't ever end if they married, but now, as his heart sank, he wasn't certain. "Hermione," he called, his body jumping into motion to prevent her from leaving. Hermione was stubborn and if she left, he knew that it would mean she'd do everything she could to avoid him. She wouldn't take his Floo calls, she wouldn't respond to owls… nothing. "No, Theo, it's all right. I understand." He closed his eyes, praying for patience. "Hermione, I don't want you to leave." Hermione looked at him, his slumped shoulders, his tired face. He was only doing this because he felt guilty, she thought. To try to ease his guilt, she smiled. "Theo, it's okay. I'm glad you told me how you feel." Theo just stared at her and then the rage came crashing down on him. She never believed him. No matter what he said or what he did, she just gave him 'the look'. It was her expressions that said, ' aren't you sweet, but stop fibbing .' He gritted his teeth and clenched his fists. "Damn it, Hermione! Why can't you just –" He couldn't think of the word he wanted to use. Hermione waited for him, her mind supplying all sorts of words: be prettier, more personable, less uptight, but she didn't say any of them aloud. She was confident in her abilities at work, confident with her intellect, secure in the knowledge that she'd been on the right side of the war and had acted in defense of herself and others. She knew she wasn't cruel or mean-spirited, and she tried to be a compassionate and understanding human being, but years of being called Mudblood and having the entirety of the wizarding community look down on her had left her a bit gun-shy and slightly insecure regarding her blood-status; not to mention the constant teasing about her hair, which she secretly loved now, and wore it long to express that hard-earned love. Hermione was defensive and easily riled; it was an armor that had more baggage under it than most realized. As a youth at Hogwarts during a war, she studied more and more about pureblood traditions and etiquette so that she could better understand the world she was in and why 'they' hated her so much. Her gained knowledge of such things was compared to her boyfriend's behavior throughout their relationship; his actions and non-actions left her off balance and confused. They were contradictory to proper pureblood courting. She had come to the conclusion that if she were a pureblood witch, their relationship would have been much different. Unfortunately for Hermione, her insecurities had a very deep foundation. Hermione knew she wasn't ugly, she'd had some rough formative years, but now that she was a grown witch, she thought she was quite pretty. Hazel eyes that were expressive and just the right size, straight nose lightly freckled, full lips; her skin was clear and her body was slender, but fit. She had nothing to be ashamed of; though she may not be the tall statuesque goddesses that plagued the tabloids, she made a conscience effort to be happy in her own skin. She could list her best features, but if she ever began to believe them, Hermione would suddenly hear her mother's voice in the recesses of her mind; ' Hermione, I don't understand. Your father is handsome and I was never without masculine company, what happened with you, dear? ' Hermione hadn't ever felt like men looked at her with any other sort of interest other than to pick her brain on topics that interested them. She saw the way wizards looked at pretty witches. Harry couldn't take his eyes off of Millicent Bulstrode and every time Hermione had seen the two together, they were holding hands or otherwise touching in some way. Harry took Mills everywhere, showing her off to the world, and looking like he felt like he was the luckiest wizard. Thankfully, Mills had grown into her large eyes and broad shoulders. She was quite exotic looking…and then there was her younger sister, Maggie. Hermione sneered and refused to go there. Draco eyed every good-looking witch from here to America with lasciviousness. He'd never looked at Hermione in that manner. Not that she wanted wizards to treat her any less than she was or not respect her, but she had longed for just one wizard to look at her like she was his last meal. That was until Theo had come along. They'd returned from an extended vacation after the war at around the same time; him from Greece and her from Spain, where she'd gone to recover and recuperate from the horrors of war. Her friends had visited often and she'd even made it to one or two Christmases with the Weasleys until she sat one Christmas and realized that all the Weasley's were married with families. She'd looked around at the bent heads and smiling faces and felt like she had no place there. Theo and Hermione had bumped into each other at a small outdoor café in Diagon Alley one morning. She'd ordered her usual and was about to pay when she realized that she'd forgotten her wallet. As soon as she'd opened her mouth to apologize profusely to the barista as well as the people behind her, a handsome wizard, one who looked all too familiar, stepped forward and placed two Galleons on the counter. "I'll take the same," he'd told the barista, paying for both. His eyes met hers and she realized, with some amount of embarrassment, that he was looking at her like he liked the way she looked…very much. "Thank you, Mr. Nott." "Theo. And you're welcome. But now you owe me," he'd teased with a smirk. Trying her hand at flirting, she'd said, "What did you have in mind?" It came out a little snippy and she'd made a mental note to work on that. She was rewarded with a full-on smile, coupled with the prettiest deep blue eyes she'd ever seen. "You must accompany me to the back table, drink your coffee with me at a leisurely pace, and discuss meaningless topics that involve you telling me how incredibly handsome and debonair I am." Hermione had giggled. "Such a high price for a cup of coffee," she'd responded. "Well, I did come to your rescue," he said as they sat on opposite sides of the small table in the back corner. She was smiling as a mildly awkward silence fell in between them. He took a sip and gave in to his curiosity.