Hagrid lead Harry towards the large white marble building that overlooked Diagon Alley. Harry couldn't help but admire the building before him, before he thought of Hagrid's words earlier in the day. If his parents were so wealthy that they left him so much money, and they really weren't drunkards and all the other nasty things his aunt and uncle told him, then why was he always told that he was a strain on them and that his parents were broke? Why was he even with the Dursleys in the first place if his parents, and himself by extension, were considered heroes? There must have been someone out there that wanted him. Harry had many questions and few answers, and he had a feeling that Hagrid wouldn't be able to answer them all. He seemed pretty nice, but Harry could tell that he wasn't a wealth of knowledge. But Harry decided to see if he could get anything more out of the gently giant. "Hagrid, how will I be able to get the money out of Gringotts?" "I have your key right here in my pocket Harry." Harry looked at him hoping that he would explain further, but it looked like Hagrid thought that was really an answer. "How do they know that the key belongs to me? And how did you get my key? Does that mean that anyone who has my key can take money from my vaults?" "Well, the key is tide to your family and the goblins are able to tell which key belongs to who and which vault. The headmaster was the one to give me your key since he's your magical guardian and only you and he can get into you trust vault. Your family vault will be opened when you turn seventeen." Hagrid had a look of concentration trying to explain everything to Harry. He was slightly confused to why Harry would be asking all these questions before he was distracted by another question of Harry's. "What's a goblin?" "Goblins are little creatures that take care of the banks in the wizard world. They are very fierce warriors that you don't want to mess with. You're able to get your first look at them right now." Hagrid gestured to towards the bank that they were in front of. Up grand steps stood a gleaming, white bank that took Harry's breath away. And in front of the imposing building, was an even more imposing sight. Hagrid was right when he said that they were small, although everything compared to Hagrid was small, but they differently had an air about them that told of a warrior status. Harry couldn't help but slightly shiver while passing them. Thankfully he didn't see the grin that the guards shared when they noticed. They waited in line and then came up to a free teller, waiting for him to finish his work. "What do you want?" The goblin's voice was scratchy and harsh while he looked at them with a sneer. "Where here to make a withdrawal from Harry Potter's vault and pick to up a package from this vault for Dumbledore." Hagrid handed over a note and Harry's key. The goblin looked at the note and nodded before shouting something in a language Harry didn't understand. The goblin then looked at the key and then Harry. Harry had to stop himself from stepping back from his gaze. The goblin nodded again before shouting again. "Hardclaw will take you to the retrieve the package while Griphook takes Mr. Potter to his vault." The goblin handed Harry his key back while two other goblins walked up. The teller was about to go back to his leader but was stopped by the small voice of Harry's. "Excuse me Mr. Goblin, but is there someone who is in charge of my accounts? I'm very new to this world and I would really like to understand it a little better." The goblins around him, and even Hagrid, were a little surprised by this. Hagrid was surprised because he thought that he answered everything he needed to and Dumbledore didn't tell him what to do in this type of situation. The goblins on the other hand were surprised that someone would be so polite to them and that someone from a family as his didn't know anything. He should have been getting monthly reports from them since he was eight. This was going to cause heads to roll. "Griphook will take you to your vault and then to the goblin that will help you with your account Mr. Potter. Anything else?" "Yeah, could all keys to my vault be accounted for, or is that for the other goblin?" "That will be for the other goblin." "Oh, okay. Thank you." The teller nodded before pointing to Griphook. Harry nodded in thanks with a shy smile before following the goblin appointed to him. By the time Hagrid got over his shock, Harry was halfway across the lobby and the teller was gone with a 'closed' sign in his place. Hagrid shook his head and followed the sneering goblin impatient with all the waiting. 0000000000000000000000000000000 The teller that handled Harry on the other hand was rushing down the halls to Ragnorock, the leader of the goblins, to tell him what he learned. To say that the message he was about to deliver was unpleasant was an understatement. The goblin just hoped that he wasn't about to lose his head over this while nocking on the door. "Enter." Ragnorock was sitting at his huge desk doing whatever leaders of the goblin race did. The teller walked up to the desk and waited to be address. "Why are you not on the floor teller?" "I have some upsetting news about one of the noble and ancient houses that are under our domain, my lord." "Explain." "Harry Potter, from the Noble and Ancient house of Potters, came into the bank today in old, oversized clothes. He looked underfeed and it seems that his mail from us was either intercepted or never sent out since he has no idea of his birthright." Ragnorock wasn't pleased by this, but it seemed that the teller was about to make him even madder. Unfortunately, he was correct. "That is not all, my lord. It seems that Dumbledore did it on purpose because his pet half-giant was the one who had his key. Mr. Potter wishes to speak to someone in charge of his accounts. I thought to bring this to your attention rather than Riphound." "Wise decision, teller." Ragnorock pushed a rune on his desk and a runner goblin came in a second later. "Bring me Riphound immediately as well as the master ledger for his accounts." The little goblin ran when he saw the look on his face. Whatever Riphound did, he highly doubted that he would make it without being sent to the dragon pits, if not worse. "Where is Mr. Potter now?" "He is making a withdrawal from his trust account at the moment. When he is done, I will send him to whomever you choose, Lord Ragnorock." Ragnorock reclined in his chair while he thought. There were many that he trusted but this was a very special case. If Harry Potter, The-Boy-Who-Lived, went to the press and lumped them with the others that have done him wrong, than the relations with other wizards would be even worse than it is now. It took all of his control to keep his Britain brothers from attacking the arrogant wizards that they have to deal with on a daily bases. But if handled properly, they could use this to be there advantage. With that in his mind, he made a decision. "I want Mr. Potter brought to me. This is something I will have to handle to get even close to the results I want." Before either one of them was able to think of that further, there was a knock on the door before the runner and Riphound came into the office. "You may go runner and teller, myself and Riphound have much to discuss about his performance here at the bank." Riphound couldn't help but gulp. He had a feeling that one of his shadier dealings was about to reviewed. Hopefully it was only about one of the lesser family. His hopes were dashed when Ragnorock spoke. "How are the Potter's accounts coming along?" Riphound paled at that. He was so going to get beheaded. "By the look on your face, not very well. Since Mr. Potter is in the bank at the moment you're going to give me the shortened version. If it matches your master ledger, then your death will only be minutely painful. But if I find that you were lying to me or you've done this is other high accounts, then you will be wishing for a long and painful death. Let me tell you now though, that any lie will only lengthen your torture at my hands." The sinister look on Ragnorock's face made him start confessing quickly. Hopefully he would only be tortured for a week before he was killed. 00000000000000000000000000000000 The bank teller went back to his desk right before Mr. Potter and Griphook came back from the carts. He opened his teller desk and motioned them over. It looked like Griphook was answering some general questions while the teller studied them. Usually when one of the little humans were curious, they irritated the goblins they were asking. With idiot parents, it wasn't that much of a surprise, but it didn't seem to be the case. The teller had to think that it was because the little human was respectful to them. With that thought, he turned his attention back to the two coming towards him while some of the other patrons in line got even more irritable for having to wait a minute longer. He spared them a sneer before looking at Mr. Potter and Griphook. "Take him to Lord Ragnorock. He will be handling Mr. Potter's accounts until further notice." Griphook widened his eyes before schooling his features. Griphook nodded his head before leading Harry towards Ragnorock's office. "Who is Ragnorock?" Griphook looked towards Harry before looking straight ahead. Harry has been asking him questions most of the time that they were together. "Ragnorock is the leader of the goblin nation. The only time that he personally deals with an account is if one of our more bigger holders have been wrong. I have a feeling that you fall under that description." Harry nodded at that. With the amount of gold that he had in his trust account and learning that he had other accounts that he would receive once he reached seventeen, which was the legal age in the wizarding world. Harry just hoped that nothing too bad happened with his accounts, but he also realized that if he was going to be going to the goblin leader than it might be something big. "I'm guessing that the manager of my account isn't going to be around to long?" Griphook's answering smile was the only answer he needed while they walked through the maze of halls. After walking for another minute, they made it to Ragnorock's office. With a knock from Griphook he left Harry with a nod. Harry went into Ragnorock's office that he was in awe of. It was large office with weapons lining the walls and some artwork between them. Harry's attention was brought to the goblin behind the large, wooden desk when Ragnorock cleared his throat. "Mr. Potter, it is a pleasure to see you. Unfortunately it seems that your account has been mismanaged. It also seems that your magical guardian has been neglecting in his duties to you." "Yes, Hagrid said that a man named Dumbledore was my magical guardian, but I've never seen or heard from him. Not to mention that my aunt and uncle lied to me about my parents. I have a feeling