Disclaimer: All characters and places of "Twilight" belong to Stephenie Meyer. I am only using them in a non-profit-making story as a way to relieve their pent-up frustration. N/A: Hi everyone! As summer starts to kick-in and everyone starts to lookup new stories, I've decided to post (well actually translate) one of my one-shots. I hope you'll all like it as much as I had fun writing it. However here's an advice for the readers: this is very lemony OS filled with smutty-smut. If you're not into this kind of things, you should close this tab and look for something tamer. N/A 2: I'm French and so is my beta. We're both fluent in English and we've been working to translate this OS as accurately as possible but we may have done some mistakes. Let us know if something's wrong so we can correct it. Traduction and beta-ing by: Yoshishisha IRRESISTIBLE "Okay Charlie. Yes, I understand. I'm leaving you a plate in the microwave. See you tomorrow." I hung up with a sigh and sat back down at the dining table… alone. Again. I'd lived in Forks for all of my life, until two years ago: having never known anything but my hometown, I'd had the urgent need to change that fact and leave this rainy town, heading to Renee's place, my mother, in sunny Miami. However, like every year I was spending my Christmas holidays back in my hometown with my father Charlie. And as usual, he wouldn't be back from work until the following morning. Because he was the local police chief, I had since I was very small, gotten used to spending Christmas Eve alone and even had developed a habit I was desperately trying to get rid of. To be honest, it was even the true reason of my rushed departure. The town of Forks was not only the safe haven of snails, green plants and vampires. It was also Edward Cullen's town. Edward Cullen. His name alone made my private parts quiver. Edward and I had grown up together, our parents being close friends. He had never left Forks either and we had developed a strong friendship… until everything went to hell on my 15th birthday. I had always felt a strong attraction to Edward and had discovered on that day, that the feeling was mutual. Once the party had been over, that our friends and families had left, we'd stayed together at my place in front of the TV and had quickly started kissing, touching, exploring each other. We'd gone up to my room and had slept together for the first time… but certainly not the last. Ever since that evening, I'd always been unable to resist Edward. A nearly magnetic force emanated from him, one that undeniably pushed me into his arms, made me lose control of my own body. Maybe it was due to the fact that we had lost our virginity to each other? Or maybe because of his green eyes, his hair, his… Anyway. Be it as it may, since our fifteenth birthday, Edward and I had never stopped seeing each other, and even worse, sleeping together. Neither of us had ever had a serious relationship, and even if another person managed to worm their way into our complicated relationship, we kept seeing each other. Thus, Edward had kept on sleeping with me when he was with Tanya, and I had kept on sleeping with him when I'd started a relationship with Jacob. However, I'd decided that this charade had gone on long enough. Not understanding my feelings towards him, yet unable to talk to him to clear my head, I'd decided to leave Forks. And yet, my isolation precautions hadn't accomplished anything. When I'd come back two years ago, Edward had turned up at my doorstep all smiles, ready to continue where we'd stopped the year before, and I hadn't resisted. He knew perfectly well that Charlie was never home on Christmas Eve, and we'd gotten used to make this night, our night with a heavy agenda of getting laid. I'd known many other lovers since my first time with Edward. And even though some had proven themselves to be quite incredible, none of them had ever managed to rock my world as Edward did, much to my regret. I had thus found a new best friend in the person of my sex-toy — that is when I didn't forget it in Miami like it was the case now. Lost in my thoughts, I realized that my plate had been cold for a long time, and went to put the leftovers aside. I went back to the living room and turned on the television. I hadn't watched the device since I'd arrived the previous day, so I was surprised to realize that it was in DVD mode. I pressed play to see what my father could've been watching, as the man wasn't really a fan of new technologies, and stared wide-eyed as I recognized the video of my fifteenth birthday. The day that had changed everything in my relationship with Edward. Bloody hell, why was he even watching this? I rushed to the remote, intending to stop this thing, but my gaze was swallowed by two green orbs on the screen. " So Edward, anything you'd like to say to Bella for her fifteenth birthday? " Charlie asked my best friend. I watched Edward deep in thoughts, looking for his words. It had been a year since I'd seen him, but I perfectly remembered him from our last… encounter. Edward was still as handsome, with his bright green eyes, his smile to die for, his adorable dimples, his soft copper hair. He had always been incredibly handsome, and had yet to stop growing more attractive with age. Ever since we both turned fifteen, he had grown up, put on muscle. His chiseled jaw had become firmer, his abs had developed; long story short, his charm was even more magical than before. " Bella, I wish you a wonderful birthday. I hope you'll get all you wished for and even more, and that you'll enjoy the surprise I have in store for you tonight " he added with a sly smile. God, how would I resist if he came over? I had sent him a message as soon as I set foot in Forks to tell him not to come to my place for our ritual. I needed to spend even as little as one year without my drug dose. His lack of any reply made me take his silence for an agreement. Wanting to get my mind off it, I turned off the DVD player and flicked through the channels. "Mhhm take me harder, like that, yes…" "What the fuck is going on?" I exclaimed as I jumped on the sofa. I had stumbled upon a pornographic channel. Channel-hopping, I felt more and more surprised towards the new available chains. Charlie had apparently let loose during my absence… "Vamp-porn", "Girrrrl", "XIX sex" and the list went on. So Bella, what are you going to do? Flick to Disney Channel, or grow a pair and see what the pros can do? It didn't take me long to make my choice. I had already watched porn movies, and I wasn't one to deny it. I wasn't ashamed to say that seeing actors get each other hot and bothered affected me. People really needed to be stupid to believe that men were the only ones who liked watching that kind of movies. How many of my female friends bought some every week? I was an independent woman, and if I needed an X-rated movie to try and do without Edward, well so be it. After going through the different channels, I set my sights on "PornXtreme": the movies were sex scenes happening in more or less unusual places, and I quickly felt very aroused by the situation. " Spread your legs so that I can see your pussy soaking for me " the actor recited as he let his hands run over his partner's body. Instinctively, my own legs opened and I blushed as I became aware of my reaction. I was a fucking pussy in heat. Literally. " Fuck it! " I thought as I settled myself comfortably on the sofa. It was barely 9 P.M., Charlie wouldn't be home before at least six in the morning, and as I had made a choice to write Edward off, I needed to find another way to relieve my sexual frustration. I decided, as the self-proclaimed sex maniac and proud to be that I was, to do everything the actor on the screen would order his dear friend to do. "Lie back down Kristen. Raise your ass in the air, babe, yeah… Do you feel how hard you make me?" I watched with jealousy and, I had to admit, lust, as the actor's long and incredibly hard sex skim over the cleft of the brunette's butt. " Mhmmm Robert I feel you so well… " Said Robert enthusiastically rubbed his shaft against Kristen's bottom, his head thrown back in complete abandon. What I wouldn't give to feel that abandon… " You make me so hard… fuck " he groaned as he slipped his hand between Kristen's legs to touch her sex. " Do I turn you on as much as you turn me on Kristen? " The young woman moaned loudly and my own moan echoed in the room. " Hell yeah… you turn me on so much Rob… Take me, fuck me. " Those words barely had time to leave Kristen's mouth, that Robert entered her from behind, burying himself deeply into her. " Fuck! You're so tight. " Kristen moaned and arched her back to bury Robert's dick deeper into her. " Play with your tits baby, go ahead, roll your nipples between those tiny fingers of yours... mhmm… fuck… " he stammered while making powerful in and out motion, his hands on her hips. Undeniably aroused by their moans, I did what Robert's rasping voice ordered Kristen to do and hastily took off my tee-shirt and my bra, leaving me in nothing but my sweatpants. I slowly started to knead my nipples already hardened by pleasure and moaned while closing my eyes. I immediately forced myself to reopen them to fully appreciate the show playing out in front of me. Robert was burying himself faster and faster in Kristen, groaning and panting. To hasten his partner's orgasm, Robert slid his hand once again between her legs. I lowered mine over my stomach and slipped it inside my pants, in a hurry to reach the hem of my panties and slip under it, but respected the rhythm imposed by the actor on screen. Robert slid his finger over Kristen's clit, then buried two finger in her drenched sex. I was about to copy the actor's motions when suddenly the image on the screen went blurry. My hand remained suspended between my jogging and my underwear, while I read the message that had just appeared on the screen. "To keep watching this movie, send "PornXtreme" to 08888 (premium rate text at the fare of $5) or call 080-880-888 and say "Porn" ($12 per minute, local call fare) to attempt to win the movie's DVD." "Fuck?" I panted getting back up. I looked around the room, taking note of the amount of phones I had available. My cell was charging in the kitchen, and the house phone was scant meters away. Was I so desperate to fuck that I was going to pay five bucks to see the end of that movie, moreover one that I already knew? Because what other way was there to end sexual intercourse than with an orgasm? "Hell no." I stared at the screen for a while, before lying back down in the sofa and closing my eyes, trying to replay the movie scene to reach the fucking