Hello everyone, It's nice to be part of Fanfiction community. For a few years I've had the chance to be part of it both as a reader and as an author. Today I'd like to post a chapter of an Idea that just couldn't leave my head for a long while, so I decided to give this a try. The story is set during Prisoner of Azkaban and this chapter is quite similar to the book, but the plan is to make some serious changes in course of time. Enjoy the chapter and let me know in reviews or PMs whether should I continue or not. I'm curious of your reception and can't wait to hear from you again. Love, Mila Guided Harry Chapter 1 Harry didn't know what was going on. Just a few minutes ago he left the Drursleys' house and walked until Magnolia Crescent. It was late, probably around 10 PM, when he realized he was on his own. In muggle world without muggle money unable to use magic. Of course, he had a few galleons but it didn't matter in this world. Yet he was considering it, after all he's already broken the law. He also could use his dad's cloak. But it wouldn't help for long. Something moved and Harry froze. He felt like he was being watched. His eyes quickly met eyes of a black dog. There was something odd about it. It was huge and it scared him. Harry pulled out his wand and a blue double-decker appeared in front of him. "Hello to the Knight Bus, emergency transport for the stranded witch or wizard My name is Stan Shunpike, and who are you?" Harry had no idea what to do, he was probably a wanted man, especially after what he did. "It's Neville. Neville Longbottom." He answered and shook Stan's hand. He got on board and Stan helped him with his luggage. "Can you take me to the Leaky Cauldron, that's in London" "Ernie, have you heard? Leaky Cauldron, that's in London. Sure, that would be twelve sickles." Harry paid the needed amount and sat on one of the beds. The bus went with a dangerous speed, but for Stan it felt absolutely normal. He was sitting with Daily Prophet in his hand. Harry hit a window at least twice during that crazy ride. On the cover of the Prophet was a wizard with madness in his eyes. "Who's that? That man?" Harry asked curious pointing at the paper. Stan looked at him surprised. "I saw him on the Muggle News" " Of course you saw him on the news. That's Sirius Black! Don't tell me you've never heard of Sirius Black?" After Harry's deny Stan whispered" He's a murderer. You should read more Neville" Harry took the paper and read the article, he was horrified of what he learnt. He knew what Azkaban was. According to the article he was the first who managed to escape. "How did he kill thirteen people with one curse?" Harry spoke out. "He was supporting You-Know-Who…" Harry's eyes opened in shock. "He was on Voldemort's side? That explained a lot. He must know a really dark magic to do such thing. "Don't say that name Neville. Good thing that Harry Potter somehow got rid of him." Harry nodded unable to say anything that could betray him. Finally, the bus reached the Leaky Cauldron and he was welcomed by Minister Fudge. Stan was surprised when he was informed he was riding with Harry Potter. Harry followed the Minister to some room in the Leaky Cauldron. He sat in the chair and waited for whatever was coming. He knew he was just about to be expelled from Hogwart's. He was afraid it could end that way but he didn't want it to happen like that. Part of him regretted of what he'd done but the other part could rationalize it because Harry couldn't control himself. However, Fudge's words echoed in his mind. Sirius Black was dangerous to Harry and that's why Minister didn't want to punish him any further. He was glad Harry was still alive. Harry was told to stay at the Leaky Cauldron until beginning of the term. The Dursleys agreed for Harry coming for the next summer holidays if he would stay for Christmas and Easter, which was no problem because he was always doing so. "Be careful Mr. Potter and do not wander around Muggle London, but other than that enjoy the rest of your holidays." He rented the room and in the morning of the next day, he withdrew some money from Gringotts, enough to pay for the room, books and other school equipment. Although he was exhausted he was going to enjoy the free days to maximum. At the very moment Albus Dumbledore had a very special guest in his office. A young woman was sitting in a chair in front of him. She didn't want to come but she needed to know that everything's alright with Harry. With Sirius out of Azkaban, she wasn't sure what might happen next. "Thank you for answering my message Jensen. I wasn't sure if I'd reach you, though I tried several times throughout the past twelve years." She looked at him angry with his words. "You told me to stay put. I was in hiding checking up on Harry while he was in muggle school, because you didn't let me take him. How could you put him with the Dursleys Albus?" Headmaster understood grief in Jensen's words. She had a very right to be mad at him, but the stake was higher than that. He needed her to see that. She had to think about Harry. " You know you weren't in a position to take care of him. You were needed in the field to track the Death Eaters. Without you there would be many more casualties. You saved countless lives. Living there was the safest choice for him" Jensen hesitated for a while. She knew she was absent in Harry's life not because she didn't want him, but to keep him safe. But times were getting darker and darker. She couldn't just step aside. Reluctantly she admitted him right. "You're right Professor, but I can't stay away from him forever. I'm the only left. He needs me and I want to be part of his life. I'm no danger to him." It wasn't easy for her but Dumbledore had a plan. "I'd like to offer you a position as Ancient Runes teacher. As far as I remember you were the best in it. Everyone was far behind you remember?" "Not that useful when you're an Auror" She shrugged. Before she could say anything more "Actually it is useful, you just don't realize it because you know it instinctively. Not everyone is as talented as you on the topic. I won't find anyone more competent for the job." "I think I'd be better with DADA, that's what I do every day." "I know but I've already found someone good for the job. Actually, I believe his presence will make you feel more…hmm… let's just say familiar." That made her intrigued. For past years there weren't too many good teaches of that subject. She's astonished how these kids survive in the outside world with all the lacks in their practical knowledge. "Who's that?" She was slowly becoming impatient. "Remus Lupin" She sighed in relief. Yes, that was a good reason to go back. She wouldn't face Harry alone. "I'll do that Headmaster, for Harry. Am I going to teach him this year? He starts third, right?" Dumbledore nodded. "He's in third now, but he isn't taking Runes. However, I guess he'd change it just to spend some time with you. I'm sure of that." Jenn wasn't. She had no idea what to expect from Harry Potter. He probably didn't even remember her. She was watching over him at school. Sometimes when she had proof, defended him from Dudley and his friends. He was such a nice boy, but when he knows the truth he won't like it. "Thank you. I'll contact Remus, and see you in September" She disappeared in the fireplace using the floo. Albus knew he had no other choice but to call her. She and Remus would surely be good support especially with Sirus Black at large. Jensen at home quickly scribbled a letter to Remus. She needed to talk to her friend. She hasn't seen him for over five years. She had a lot of work, and Dumbledore and the Ministry did everything possible to keep her busy. Finally, she'd have more time for herself and hopefully young Harry. Dear Remus, I know we weren't in touch for a while. Believe me I'm sorry. I've just came back from Dumbledore's office. I was offered a position on Ancient Runes. I only agreed because Dumbledore told me you'd also be there. Let me know about your plans for the rest of the holidays and see you in Hogwarts. Love Jenn She sent Cleo, her owl, with the message to Lupin and she left home to hunt. Harry's never felt so free in his life. No one was waking him up. He could eat whatever he wanted, woke up at crazy hours and do whatever he pleased. He wasn't abusing his time though. He spent his first days on doing all summer homework and sleeping. He knew it wouldn't be good if he returned Hogwarts without any assignment. Professor Snape would surely give him detention in five minutes of first classes. That's why he did potion's essay first, then Transfiguration and History of Magic. There was no DADA assignment because there was nobody to check it. Gilderoy Lockhart was locked in St. Mungo's hospital trying to recover from being blown of forgetting curse. Harry was wondering who'd be his next teacher. He hoped this time Dumbledore would find someone sane and without Voldemort in his head. He didn't understand why Hagrid gave him a biting book until he got the list of needed textbooks. It was a textbook for Care of Magical Creatures. It was one of the subject he was starting that year. He didn't wander too much, but he took his time to get to know the Diagon Alley properly. He bought himself new robes, books, potions ingredients and all things needed. Also, he saw the new Firebolt, the fastest broomstick in the world, but he didn't even check the price. He didn't want to be tempted to buy it. After all his Nimbus 2000 was really good. He defeated Malfoy on it, despite the fact his broomstick was older and slower. Two days before departing to Hogwarts the Weasleys and Hermione came to the Leaky Cauldron. Ron and his family had just returned from their trip to Egypt. Harry was happy that the Weasleys had a pleasant holiday. There weren't too many people who'd be as good as them. They appreciated everything they had and they loved each other. Ron was excited when he was talking about all the tombs they'd seen and how they were protected by profound and often dangerous curses. Bill was the eldest son of Arthur and Molly Weasley. At that time, he was a curse breaker for Gringotts. Harry hasn't met him personally yet. But Ron showed him something more. "My new wand, Fourteen inches with unicorn hair. I love it." Harry remembered all too well the moment when Ron's wand became practically useless. Gladly he'd do better in classes this year. Hermione was holding a giant ginger cat called Crookshanks. It was huge for a cat, and Scrabbers didn't take it too well. He obviously lost his weight and he looked tired and barely alive. "I'll show you where you could treat him". Harry knew the Diagon Alley very well now. It took him a while only to find the "Slug and Jiggers Apothecary" " That's where I got Crookshanks Harry. I love