More Dangerous, Less Wise. By ziggy3 Beta: As always, I am very lucky to have Anarithilien. Characters Thranduil: Elvenking or as the Wood-elves call him, Aran . I have used King as his title as that is how Tolkien refers to him. Galion: the King's 'butler' or steward, and oldest friend. Laersul: eldest son of Thranduil, leading the pursuit of Orcs towards Dol Guldur. (OC) Thalos: middle son of Thranduil, leading the trackers(OC) Legolas: youngest son of Thranduil. Alagos: one of the King's messengers (OC). Anglach: Legolas' best friend, who was guarding Gollum at the time of his escape and so was one of the guards slain. He had been practically brought up with Legolas and is written about in Black Arrow and There and Back. Timeline 20th June: Mirkwood attacked and Gollum freed. (canon) Laersul, the oldest son of Thranduil, leads the pursuit. Legolas is amongst them. Thalos, Thranduil's second son, leads the trackers. All travel together at first. 23rd June: Thalos breaks away with the trackers as they follow Gollum. Alagos, a messenger, is sent to Thranduil to tell him all that is happening. 25th June: Laersul catches up with the Orcs and engages them but they merely seek to delay the elves and split them further up. Alagos is sent to Thranduil and arrives four days later and gives all known news to Thranduil. 30th June: Radagast is sent by Saruman to find Gandalf and tell him to hasten to Orthanc. Gandalf asks Radagast to send messages with information regarding their hunt for Gollum or of the Ring should be sent to Orthanc as he still thought Saruman was on the side of Good. (canon) 4th July : Boromir leaves Minas Tirith(canon) 22nd July: the two Nazgul leave Dol Guldur and join the seven from Minas Tirith (canon) (Source: HASA) Chapter One: A storm breaks. 29th June 3018 It was late when Galion strode down the passageway outside the King's chambers, golden light spilled onto the stone flags from the slightly open door, an invitation if ever he saw one. Boldly he pushed open the door to see a single candle, thick with wax that had dribbled into the pewter holder; its long flame guttered slightly in the draught. Candlelight pooled on a map of the Forest held open by a goblet, another candlestick with only a smoking wick, and various piles of books. Beside the Forest map, but only half unscrolled, was the map of Rhovanion and the Hithaeglir, white peaks marking the spine of the lands spread before him. Like a spine, or teeth, thought Galion, remembering that long cold journey with Oropher many, many years before. He shook himself. Too long ago now. What was here and now was his concern. He knew why Thranduil had this map open and why he sat in shadow near the table, his fingers steepled and staring into the fire he must have lit himself for Galion would never have allowed such extravagance in Summer. Thranduil's slate-green gaze swung heavily towards his steward, his friend, and Galion felt the weight of it. It was a rare moment, Galion thought, coming into the room and prodding emphatically at the fire, that Thranduil was still. The King's presence always filled a room. Like fire and air, Galion thought. Now the air was heavy as if a storm was about to break. Since the long, miserable return from Mordor, Thranduil sometimes sank into these dark moods which were unflinching in their despair; then he withdrew from everyone and drenched himself in memories of blood-soaked Dagorlad, stood again in the ash and empty hopes of the Last Alliance and blamed himself for the encroach of the Shadow upon the Woods. It was usual for the melancholy to follow such losses as they had with the unexpected attack upon them that led to Gollum's escape. It was many days since any of the Wood-elves had slept on their talans beneath the stars and moon; they still reeled from the assault and had retreated into the stronghold beneath the hills. It had been Anglach though. It always hurt when they lost their folk. But it had been Anglach. For a moment, Galion's feet faltered and he put out a hand to rest against the cool stone. Thranduil's eyes though, were upon him and he steeled himself. 'I noted you had taken the good stuff from the cellar,' he said lightly, lifting a heavy glass decanter and sloshing the rich amber liquid around the glass bowl. He poured wine into the goblet that was being used as a paperweight and, as he was expected to do so, he forced himself to tut disapprovingly. With his free hand he fished around in a pewter bowl that was being used by Thranduil to hoard stumps of old candles and bits of string, and pulled out a couple of exquisitely wrought silver clasps. They had been precisely designed to secure the map onto the table but Thranduil never seemed to remember. On the other hand, Laersul always did. But he was in the South of the Forest, hunting the Orcs who had attacked them and freed Gollum. Right now, Galion thought they were well rid of the creature for it stank and had bitten him more than once. Gandalf had bid them treat it kindly, but look how that had ended. At that moment Galion hated Gandalf. He had led them to this, he thought bitterly. Galion sighed and looking down at the half-open map of the Hithaeglir, took a gulp of wine and felt it warm his chest and belly. Then he took another. It had been Anglach lying there. Anglach . 'I heard Alagos had arrived with messages from Laersul.' Thranduil made a slight movement with his head. 'He reports that Gollum seems to be heading for the Gladden Fields,' he said and looked back into the flames. A log shifted and sparks flew up, throwing an orange light upon the strong, handsome features, but his eyes were cast down and his long lashes showed sharply on his cheek. 'Laersul pursues the Orcs into the South. They are level with the East Bight.' He drank deeply from the goblet that he cradled in his hand and then said morosely, 'Laersul thinks they will catch up with the Orcs in two days. He has sent Thalos to pursue Gollum.' Well that accounted for two of Thranduil's sons, Galion thought. He did not ask where Legolas was. Laersul may well not have told Thranduil and it would put him in a worse mood if he asked; Legolas was most likely to be with Laersul heading for Dol Guldur, and the thought of both of them in that dark place would be more than Thranduil could bear. Galion sighed, looking down into the dark amber depths. He took another gulp but this time it did not warm him. Was it better that Anglach had been slain? Better than being taken. 'Do you remember how we celebrated old Smaug's death?' Thranduil asked suddenly and Galion looked at him sharply. 'The very last of the Dorwinion,' he replied slowly. Thranduil laughed a little then too, because it had been the last of the Dorwinion that led to one of Galion's least fine hours*. But that too reminded him of Anglach, for he had been on guard duty the night the dwarves escaped. Galion's chest suddenly hurt , a sharp pain pierced him and he found his hand clutch at his heart. 'We celebrated all through the night,' he said anyway and did not notice the tremble in his voice, nor the look Thranduil gave him that was deep in affection, and in loss for Anglach had almost lived in the stronghold, been Legolas' best friend, almost another child. 'And Gandalf and Master Baggins with us.' Galion forced a smile because he knew the King had a fondness for the hobbit. 'Master Baggins indeed.' Thranduil breathed through his nose and looked back at the fire. The wood splintered by flames, glowed orange and gold and black where it had burned, and he stared into it. All these words, thought Galion, but they did not say what was most in their hearts. He threw himself in the low comfortable chair opposite Thranduil, indented already with another's backside; probably Alagos, he thought disapprovingly, for the King's messenger certainly never showed proper respect. 'We had a double celebration as I recall,' he said, closing one eye and considering. 'Finally the Sit-on-your-Arse White Council actually did something and got rid of the blasted Necromancer-my-Arse. Although we all knew He had already gone anyway. Even so, it was good for a while, was it not?' Thranduil pulled his mouth into a smile that did not reach his eyes and lifted his own goblet in salute. 'It was indeed good for a while...' He drank, deeply, and the candlelight flashed on a rich, dark ruby on his elegant hand, glinted on emeralds and antique gold in the brooch he wore on his deep green tunic. But nothing was as fine as that long, heavy gold hair. 'Ah, it was good. The Summers beneath the stars... But we were never at risk from Smaug.' Galion shook his head as he always did when he remembered the journey to Erebor with Thranduil that he thought reckless. 'You can tell me what you like about magic swords and wizards and magic rings, but there is nothing to beat a Woodelf's wit or witlessness!*' he said, guzzling the really very good stuff that he knew, as a good steward does, was utterly wasted on him. It should really only be drunk by the King. But tonight, tonight he needed to be very very drunk. He needed to forget the sight of Anglach's poor mutilated body, his poor ears and eyes that had been gouged from his face, the horror...Galion drank steadily. 'That marked the end of the good time, though we did not know it then, my old friend. We will look back and think what a fool I was, Galion.' Thranduil took another drink, a long one. 'I should have listened more carefully to you when you said there was something about Master Baggins...' He paused for a moment and here was only the sound of logs shifting into ash in the grate. Then quietly, he said, 'It is upon us, Galion. One way or another, it is upon us.' Galion frowned a little blearily, wondering why Thranduil was immersed in that memory. True, Galion, whilst liking the hobbit, had said there was something about Master Baggins that made him uneasy and Thranduil had not disagreed then, but no one thought any more of it. Why was he bringing all that up again now? Galion pulled the half-empty decanter towards himself with one hand and in the other, held his goblet. He pulled the delicate glass stopper out with his teeth and spat it out onto the table where it clinked against the candlestick. A little wax dribbled onto the map and he wiped it off with his elbow. 'Watching you, Galion, is always a joy,' Thranduil said drily. 'I see where Legolas gets his manners and his subtlety.' 'Wood-elves are known for their grace,' said Galion. He squinted at Thranduil. 'And I am not to blame for that boy's manners, or his lack of subtlety. I would sooner trust your horse with anything that required subtlety. Besides, you are his father.' They did not speak of the other child, equally messy, equally lacking in manners. Galion tried hard not to remember the bright-eyes child staring up at him adoringly, the open curiosity, the innocence that lasted well beyond the loss of it, beyond his first kill, his first battle, his first loves. Anglach had never lost that joy. He had been so delighted when they found the dwarves in the Wood. His eye caught again on the outspread map. He found himself tracing the inked lines; one led straight to