The Complete History of Dol Amroth (volume seven of the third edition) missed blackening Amrothos' eye by a matter of inches and, flying out the door, skittered across the stone hallway to its final resting place against the far wall. He looked impressed. I wasn't the kind of girl to usually throw things that weren't insults. I sighed and grinned. "Sorry, Amrothos but if you're just going to hang around and blather on about something I can't change and don't really care about, I will probably just keep throwing things at you." "No, its fine," my brother smirked. "It's good training to fit in with our new in-laws I suppose. Go get volume eight over there and see if you can really land one." But I just flopped face down on my bed, letting my arms splay out to either side so I looked like I'd drowned in the blankets. "Oh, absolutely keep talking about that...it's just what I want," I said, voice muffled. In just a few days our cousin Faramir would be marrying Lady Éowyn of Rohan. Today a contingent of Rohirrim was due to arrive, our future cousin-in-law among them. Amrothos, usually quite strident in his anti-Rohan sentiments anyway, had worked himself into such a lather this morning I was surprised he hadn't started foaming at the mouth. "It's disgusting," he continued as if he hadn't heard me. "What do Faramir and that Ranger King think they are playing? Faramir is the Steward of Gondor and the Rohirrim are practically savages. The marriage is so far beneath him it's laughable." I rolled my head to the side so my voice wasn't muffled in my mattress. "Well...I've heard it's a love match," I said simply. "Don't talk to me about that viscous rumor," Amrothos snapped. "As if someone of our blood could fall in love with a Rohirrim. Bed the wench sure; get her with a bastard son fine; but marry her? The meanest scullery maid in Gondor would make a better marriage than this barbarian." I shrugged into the mattress. "This particular barbarian apparently saved our father's life at the Battle of the Pelennor Fields and slew the Witch King of Angmar. Besides, times are changing. Rohan is our new ally." "Oh, would you stop it Lothíriel?" he asked flatly. "This new thing of talking of the blood of Gondor as if it meant nothing is a fad. By next spring people when people realize this Ranger King is no heir to our throne they'll remember why we kept the bloodlines pure for all these centuries." "I wouldn't let father hear you talking like that," I said simply. "He thinks King Elessar will be the salvation of Gondor, and the alliance with Rohan too." There had always been two halves of the house of Dol Amroth that had never quite fitted together to make a whole. On one side there was my father and my brothers Elphir and Erchirion. They were trained Swan Knights who had fought in the Ring War and they were the kind of proud, hard, noble men that stories are written about. And then there was Amrothos and me. We had been sent to foster with Denethor when I was five and he was ten and court life was all we knew. Amrothos knew how to wield a sword well enough for some very formal duelling exercises and I had been taught all about honor and courtesy and other suitable qualities for a lady. But these were theoretical exercises. What was most important to us was making sure that we kept our places in the hierarchy of the court, which had always required a lot of extremely dishonourable conduct. I can't blame Denethor for my sharp tongue. According to my aunt I'd come by that honestly through my mother. But I was never encouraged to learn to control it. I used it like a weapon, and indiscriminately. I would shout at my maids in the morning and then slash at the honor and self-esteem of some of my closest friends in the afternoon. But then had come Pelennor Fields. Amrothos, like most of the young nobility of the court of Denethor, had retreated back to various strongholds to wait the battle out. I had made the decision to stay flippantly. I'd been quarrelling with Amrothos the morning we were supposed to leave and I'd declared that I would, as I'd shouted rather emphatically at him "rather die than spend a couple of months with him locked away in some Valar-cursed mountain castle." If there had been anyone responsible for us they would surely have made me leave. But Denethor kept little track of the two of us and we were free to come and go as we pleased. When I simply stayed, no one questioned my decision. By the time I realized the mistake I had made it was too late for me to leave, though for a day I had demanded over and over that someone let me. For a day I had felt wronged and I'd sobbed and sobbed at the injustice of it. I wasn't a peasant or a warrior. It seemed somehow unfair that I should die as if my life meant nothing and I had said as much to some of the household staff who had been forced to remain as well when I had decided to stay. Over the next few days most of the staff were pressed into service: the men to bolster the fighting ranks and the women to help at the Houses of Healing. When Feleas, my handmaiden, had come to tell me that she too was leaving for the Houses of Healing I had gone with her, too scared to be alone. At first I had simply sat on a stool in the corner, gathering my skirts elegantly around me as if that could protect me from the smell of blood and the screaming. When finally one of the healers had roughly commanded me to come and help her carry in a man who had an arrow through his chest I had been so stunned it hadn't even occurred to me to snap that I would have her whipped if she addressed me without my title and in that tone again. I'd simply slipped my shoulders under the man's arm, his blood spilling down my dress. And I found that the work helped me keep my mind from spinning into the abyss of panic that had taken it over for days. When all my energy and attention were turned to the dying around me I found it was easier not to imagine my own death somehow. And sleep, which had seemed impossible, came the second that my head touched a cot. By the second day I had forgotten somehow that I was a lady. I was just a pair of hands in the Houses of Healing, no cleaner or less useful than any others. I helped carry the sick. I gave succor to the dying. And by the time it was all over I found that some part of myself had died too. When the siege lifted and hope and life flooded back into the city and back into my mind I felt as if I woke to a new world. Or perhaps not a new world but a new girl, who had woken inside me. I had read in a book somewhere that after being hit on the head sometimes people experienced a kind of forgetfulness so complete they couldn't remember their own name or the faces of their loved ones. I felt that I had experienced the same thing, though not of facts and faces but rather of motivation and pleasure. The things I used to enjoy: the gossip of the court, scoring a victory over the other ladies, treachery, intrigue and scandal now left me somehow revolted. I couldn't quite remember what I had liked about my life. The night after the siege broke Feleas and I had gone out to the tavern together, both dressed in her clothes, and we had drank and danced and laughed with the other healers. I had thought that I would always feel the way that I did and nothing would ever be complicated again. But then Amrothos had come back to Minas Tirith and all the ladies of the court too and of course everything had gone back to exactly the way it was before...or almost. As if conjured by my thoughts, Feleas appeared at my door to help me dress. She stood meekly behind Amrothos, waiting for us to acknowledge her. "Good morning, Feleas," I said, sitting up. "Good morning, my lady," she said. "I have come to help you dress for the procession into the city. Have you selected what you would like to wear?" I went to my closet and opened it. Inside was an explosion of bright silk and satin dresses, scarves, cloaks, gloves, shoes and jewellery. I loved nice clothes and dressing up. I loved the feel of expensive fabric moving over my skin almost as much as I loved knowing that people were watching the way it does. I selected a dark blue satin dress with a simple cut of short sleeves and a long skirt that rippled around my legs when I walked in a way that made them look even longer than they were. Amrothos rolled his eyes theatrically. "Yes, thank the servant for doing her duty. Who do you think you are, Lothi? Some boring wench from the stories with a heart of gold. Why don't you just go wash the lepers in the Houses of Healing?" I had never told Amrothos what had happened during the siege. He would never understand what had happened to me. Likely he would use it against me. I sighed. "Yes Amrothos...if I have one fault that really stands out it's my overwhelming benevolence and charity. Now get out of my rooms while I change." "Fine. But do hurry up. If I have to sit alone with Elphir and Erchirion for too long while we wait for these horse-people to arrive I'm likely to die of boredom." "Yes, yes, I'm coming," I agreed impatiently. "Now get out or I won't come at all." Feleas helped me dress quickly, cinching the tight bodice of the dress closely and helping me find the matching kid-gloves and some silver slipper-shoes. She pulled my hair back into a simple bun and fastened it with a silver clip. "You look well, my lady," she said when she had finished. "Thank you," I said. "I'm sorry about Amrothos by the way. I asked him to stop but he just told me that I might as well ask him not to sit on any of my chairs. He can be...difficult I know, especially to...to..." Feleas waved me off. "Please, my lady." If I had managed to find a finish to that sentence she wouldn't have been able to find an appropriate response anyway so we let it lie. To get over the awkward moment Feleas presented me with the garland of flowers she had woven for me to give to King Éomer. It was a traditional gift of welcome. She had done it beautifully. It was white daisies interspersed with blushing purple tulips. I made my way down into the main courtyard of the castle where most of the nobles of Gondor had already arranged themselves to greet our guests. I found my family had claimed a position of high honor, just to the left of King Elessar and Queen Arwen. My father spotted me and waved me over impatiently. "There you are, Lothíriel," he said sharply. "Where have you been?" I curtseyed deeply. "I apologize, my lord," I said, offering no explanation. My brother Erchirion gave me with a smile. "Your garland looks lovely Lothíriel. I'm sure Éomer King will like it the best of all the ladies." I smiled at him. "I'll tell