This is my very first fanfic sorry in advance for some bad grammar went through it a few times before submitted it but there's also a few things I may have missed. Nothing Twilight related belongs to me and the song used is Here in your arms by Hellogoodbye. "Here and Now" Bella's Pov " It's summer! It's summer! It's summer!" I sang. Edward and I were on our way to my house to have a day full of movies because as of ten minutes ago it was summer vacation. "Hey Edward did you know that it's summer!" I said for probably the thirteenth time. "Actually it's been summer for a cou-" "No! It's summer now not a couple of days ago. It just turned summer right now" "Fine B aka mother nature it just turned summer right this second." Edward said with a jokingly annoyed tone. "Thank you that's all I asked for." I said in a short tone it was silent in the car for a while after that. Edward looked really weird like if there was something bothering him so me being the very nice and awesome girlfriend that I am decide to break the ice. "Hey Edward." "Yes Bella." "Did you know that it's summer?" "No, I didn't know that it was summer thank you so much for telling me." "Your welcome." I knew something was still bothering him but from the corner of my eye I saw he's tiny smile. Two minutes later we were pulling into the driveway of my house. To bring the in the beginning of summer we decided to watch a bunch of movies and veg out on Chinese food, my favorite. Half way through Nick and Norah's Infinite Playlist, when they're trying to find Caroline, our Chinese already forgotten on the coffee table I could sense something was wrong with Edward. He kept moving around, playing with his hands and looking around the room. At first I thought he was just bored but this is our favorite movie something was definitely wrong. So I paused the movie. "Hey I was watching that." Edward said. "No you weren't" "Yes I was they were just about to go into the gay bar." "Edward what's wrong?" "What do you mean?" He asked his voice slightly shaking. "You've been jumpy seen we got here even in the car, would you just tell me what's wrong." I said starting to get a bit frustrated. I signed this was getting nowhere fast so I took a deep breath and sat facing him. "I just want to help you." "I'm sorry I've been acting stupid it's just I have to tell you something...something that could possibly change us." "What? Did you cheat on me or something?" I asked jokingly. Edward didn't answer right away and I began to get worried. "You did didn't you!" It felt like I was going to have a heart attack, that two timing ass-. "What! of course not how could you even think that?" "Sorry it's just you didn't answer and I started to freak out...if you didn't cheat then what is it?" He took a deep breath looked down and said "Here and Now is going on tour for two months." At first I screamed I couldn't believe it I was so happy for him but then it hit me. You see "Here and Now" is the band Edward is the lead singer in; he and he's friend Emmett, on drums, started it back in the 7th grade. Since then they've had Emmett's cousin Jasper as the bassist and their friend Mike on lead guitar their following as really grown but this is the first time they would be gone on tour for that long. "When are you leaving?" The air around us got so quiet you could hear a pin drop. "In about two weeks." "How long have you been knowing that you were going away?" "Since the beginning of April when you went to New York for spring break." "Why didn't you tell me?" "I didn't know how to or when to tell you." "3 months! You've known for 3 months and you didn't know when to tell me! You could have called, texted or hell you could have even sent me a message on Facebook anything would have been better than this." I paused for a second I was getting overheated and nothing could really be done now but the next words that came out of my mouth were probably the stupidest thing I could have said, "Edward I think...I think you should leave." "What?" He asked in disbelief. "I said I think you should I can't think right and you're just making it worse." "Does this mean..." I knew what he was asking but I couldn't answer I didn't want to break up that would be stupid but I didn't know what to say, so instead I walked to the door and opened it. Edward grabbed his bag walked to the door and whispered, "I'm sorry B." I couldn't bring myself to look at him so I closed the door and slowly walked back to the living room. He only just walked out and the room already felt cold. I felt like a zombie I couldn't believe what I just did I know we weren't over but this was the worst fight we ever had. I couldn't cry, I don't cry but as I sat down on the couch I caught a glimpse of Edward's weird mandals the only form of shoes he actually wears. He probably didn't even realize he left without shoes on he's so use to it already. As I stared at the sandals a single tear went down my face. I sat looking at the sandals until I heard my dad opening the door at 8pm. I didn't even realize the sun was going down making the sky look like it was on fire. "Hey Bell why is Edward sitting on the porch looking like he just lost his best friend?" I looked at my dad extremely confused "What are you talking about?" my voice so low I'm surprised he even heard me. "Edward your boyfriend is outside on the steps… you know you really need to get your hearing checked." He mumbled the last part as he walked away. Finally registering what he said I grabbed Edward's sandals and headed for the door. Opening the door I saw him, he looked at me and I could tell he had been crying his eyes were bloodshot. I sat next to him on the steps and whispered "Hey you forgot your sandals." "Thanks." His voice was raspy from crying. "I thought you left." "I couldn't. I didn't want that to be the last we do before I leave and I didn't want you to be home alone till your dad came." There was a long pause none of us what to say. Then Edward spoke "I'm sorry I didn't tell you B. I'm really sorry. I should have told you but I know how much you love the summer and I didn't want to disappoint you by ruining your summer." I knew everything he was saying was the truth Edward could never lie he was always horrible at it. "I know you are and I'm sorry I overreacted I was being a horrible girlfriend it's just I'm going to miss you...a lot." "I'm going to miss you too B." Edward pulled me into a tight hug and for a moment everything felt right. "How are we going to do this?" I asked. "We'll just have to work it out. We'll spend the next two and a half weeks doing summer things and you'll see me when I play over here and maybe you can go to New York to visit your aunt while we're playing in Jersey. B, we're going to make this work." I hugged him tighter and buried my face into his shirt. "I love you Edward." "I love you too Bella and don't worry nothing is going to come between us." Edward's POV I couldn't believe what I did why couldn't I have just told her when I found out things would be so much different. Right now we would be on her couch watching Nick and Norah laughing at Michael Cera's awkwardness while I held her in my arms. But no I had to keep it a secret and now I may never see her again, well that's being dramatic I know I was going to see her again I wouldn't let something like this end our relationship but whether or not I saw her before I left was another question. I didn't even realize until I looked down that I was barefoot. "Of course" I whispered to myself. I've never liked wearing shoes even while performing I hated it but in this moment I think it would have been better if I did. I smiled at my feet remembering the time I told Bella that I didn't like shoes she looked at me like I had three heads and just busted out laughing. Her laugh was so carefree I couldn't help but to fall in love with it. Every since I saw her I knew I needed to know more about her. I wouldn't call me the manliest person but I don't cry and as I thought more about Bella that's what I did I cried. "Edward." I whipped my head up. "Hey Mr. Swan." "Is everything okay son?" "Umm...yea." Even when I heard it sounded like a lie. Mr. Swan walked past me and into the door. As I sat back down on the wooden steps I could hear mumbled words but only from Mr. Swan. A minute or two later I heard the door open and my head shot up and looked into the warm brown eyes of the only person who even mattered right now, my Bella. Bella's POV After our fight Edward and I went back to watching movies. Our first day of summer was ruined but we weren't going to leave the rest of the summer to be like that. And it wasn't the next two and a half weeks were amazing and completely us. We went to the beach multiple times we probably turned out tanner then Snooki during her Jersey Shore days. We walked down Hollywood Boulevard like tourist always do and took pictures of our favorite stars. We made time for our friends also we went to the mall, and even bowling where I scored three strikes in a roll it was awesome. Edward even took me to the skate park where he taught me how to ride a skateboard just like he promised. We had already agreed that our last day was going to be spent like our first with movies and Chinese food but this time no surprises. To others it may seem like we didn't spend our days like we probably should have but to us we did. We didn't need to do extraordinary things we just needed to be together. As the time together grew shorter the more I pushed back the fact that I would have to say goodbye to him and nothing could have prepared me for that day. We must have fallen asleep on my couch because when I woke up Edward was still here and the TV flashed blue with the DVD symbol in it. I didn't want to think about it but I knew what today was I've been avoiding it all week so has Edward whenever we're near his band mates and someone brings up the tour he automatically changes the subject. It makes me feel bad this is his first real tour and I'm making him have all this negative thoughts about it. I'm the worst person ever, I should be happy for him and I am but I don't want to let him go. "Hey what time it?" Edward