Hogwarts was not the same. The entire magical world was not the same, especially since the attack on the Ministry of Magic. What had been obvious to certain few had finally come to light, and it had blinded those who had refused to see what was in front of them. This realization was a cruel and merciless when it revealed that Lord Voldemort had finally returned. This time much more powerful than before. The ones they had called insane and liars, Albus Dumbledore and Harry Potter, had been right all along. Panic had spread rampant throughout the magical community, like a wildfire- burning and destroying a forest. The trust, the bond that once held them all together had vanished, and was replaced by mistrust and confusion. Cornelius Fudge was no longer the Minister of Magic. He had swiftly resigned from the position of the Minister, and stepped down from the esteemed position. He had wanted to spare himself the embarrassment from being sacked from the job. Rufus Scrimgeour had stepped into Fudge soiled shoes, and had made the Order of Phoenix and Harry Potter a shining beacon of hope for the magical community. Harry Potter had become the "Chosen One," and Albus Dumbledore was no longer regarded as a twittering old fool, but the powerful mastermind he was. Scrimgeour was not afraid, nor was he envious of the headmaster's power. He knew that Dumbledore did not want the position he currently held, and unlike Fudge, he wanted to work with Dumbledore to ensure the defeat of He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named. Everything seemed to be coming to together, at least with the ministry backing the Order of Phoenix. Of course, Dumbledore didn't trust the ministry just yet, despite their good intentions. Dumbledore suspected that the ministry had been infiltrated, and if it hadn't been, he knew that it would be soon. The information he passed to the ministry was very little, and this frustrated the new minister. He wanted to shove the Order into the light. And while the Scrimgeour's intentions were pure, he couldn't be trusted just yet. That pureness could easily be tainted by the darkness. "The Chosen One," Harry Potter had hidden himself away from the public eye, avoiding it, like he had tried to do since he first entered the wizarding world at elven years old. He didn't want to be their beacon of hope. He didn't want his face plastered on posters promoting the cause. He wanted to fade into the background and concentrate on the task ahead, concentrating on the prophecy that had damned him. Harry Potter no longer felt joy in this dark time, and it seemed like that darkness had surrounded him. He shut himself off from all his friends, because he no longer wanted to put their lives in danger. The fiasco at the ministry had taught him a hard lesson, and it wasn't one that he would soon forget. He knew now what his rash actions had cost him. It was a mistake he was going to be sure he wouldn't make twice. Sirius Black, Harry's godfather, had died because of him. Because he didn't think before he ran off to be the "hero" everyone expected him to be. He no longer felt like a hero, or like the savior of the wizarding worlds. Harry had also made a vow that he would never put anyone's life in danger again, especially the lives of his loved ones and friends. He had destroyed their lives enough, and would take no further part in their destruction. He knew that in order to do this, he had to push them all away. He knew he had to keep them safe at all costs. Harry had spent most of his summer at the Weasley's, and away from his abusive aunt and uncle; however, his time at the Weasley house had not brought Harry out of the deep depression he was now suffering from. Fred and George's playful tricks had failed to rouse him from his mood, and Hermione and Ron failed at bringing him out of it as well. They sat with him, attempted to engage him in conversation, but he just exploded at them at every turn. There was a wall there now between them now, and it was a wall placed there by Harry himself, in order to protect them. He did not want any more blood on his hands. The return to Hogwarts hadn't helped his mood as the others had originally hoped. Harry had stayed withdrawn in his shell, even though he had made Qudditch Captain and tryouts were looming around the corner. He walked around in daze, just going about his regular routine. It had even unsettled Minerva McGonagall, and she hoped that soon Albus would do something to help the boy. The insults, the detentions, and the continuous rage of Severus Snape had not even sparked an ounce of retaliation against the Potions Master. The amount of points Snape had taken away from Harry their first week back should have been enough to awaken the boy, but again, he had received nothing in return. Since Sirius' death, the Order of Phoenix headquarters had changed, at least for the time being, until it was certain that no one could get into Grimmauld Place. Dumbledore was afraid the place had been compromised. Being a part of the Black family, it could have gone to Bellatrix Lestrange or Narcissa Malfoy, even though Sirius left the house to Harry. Magic worked in mysterious ways, and Dumbledore did not want to jeopardize the Order. The new headquarters of the Order of the Phoenix was at Hogwarts. Most of the core members of the Order were professors at the school, and those who weren't took one of the tunnels leading to the room from Hogsmeade. Dumbledore had a tunnel leading from the Hog's Head, the bar and hotel owned by his brother, Aberfoth. The inhabitants of the school, however, could just go through the tapestry, covering what seemed to be solid stone. The tapestry itself did not raise any suspicions in the school, because it looked like a normal tapestry. In fact, one might not even notice it if they were not looking for it. To enter the headquarters one must have the password that was given to you by Albus Dumbledore himself. If you did not have the password, you would not be able to enter. He had placed powerful wards that would alert him if anyone wad tampering around with it, attempting to force entry. The room itself was vast, with floor to ceiling windows that let the light pour in from the sun, and had a fantastic view of the ground and the lake. Comfortable chairs littered the room, and an elegant, beautiful carved mahogany table sat in the middle, with matching chairs neatly tucked underneath it. The carvings showed the houses of Hogwarts. Each leg was carved with a different animal, a lion for Gryffindor, a snake for Slytherin, a badger for Hufflepuff, and an eagle for Ravenclaw. In the middle of the table rested the crest of Hogwarts in gold leaf. Severus noticed her as soon as he walked through the tapestry. She sat in a chair facing a huge arched window that provided an excellent view overlooking the grounds and the lake. She was watching the giant squid drift lazily across the lake, its tentacles waving in the cool breeze as it passed. Long dark hair framed her delicate face as she turned in her seat to see who had entered. A smile broke across her face when she saw him. A smile of relief and love. He noted she was dressed in all black, like he was, but then again, they always seemed to favor one another's wardrobes "Ariana…" he greeted her with a nod as he strode over to her. Ariana had moved to America after the fall of the Dark Lord, and had not returned to England since. She had taken refuge in the only place where she and her family could remain anonymous and blend in with everyone else. She had chosen to live amongst the Southern Witches and Wizards of America, and during his trips to visit her, they would often head to New Orleans. Many witches and wizards there still practiced the forbidden art of voodoo, and it was a fascinating subject to learn about. The Americans had become more lenient with their wizarding laws, but there were still restrictions on a lot of things Severus didn't agree with. "Severus…" she said with another smiled as she got up to greet him, pulling him into a hug as she wrapped her arms around him, catching him off guard. Severus stiffened slightly at her embrace. He wasn't used to people showing him such affection. "It's been awhile, hasn't it?" "Too long, Ari…" And it had been too long. Almost two years had passed by since he last saw her. He has missed his friend dearly, and was all too happy to have her back in Europe with him. Severus usually made yearly visits to see his her, despite the disapproving glares from her soon-to-be ex-husband, Dante. Severus wrapped his arms shakily around her and embraced her for a moment before letting go. A worried look crossed her face as her gaze went down to his trembling hands. "Severus..." "Don't…just don't Ari…" Ariana bit her lip and looked back down at his hands, hands that were still shaking against their master's will, "he did this to you, didn't he?" her hands balled up angrily into tiny fists as she looked up at him, tears welling in her eyes as she fought back her own rage, "You've had one too many Cructiatus curses. You can't keep this up, Sev. I doubt you can even make a potion right now, can you? How are you even teaching? You shouldn't be teaching right now!" "Ariana, I'm fine…really I'm—" "Save it, Severus. You're ill. You need to rest. When is the last time you've even slept?" She watched him as her averted his eyes from her. A low growl escaping his mouth, "I know you don't like sleeping potions, Sev, but you need to sleep. You need—they don't work, do they, Severus?" She asked when she saw the uncomfortable look flash across the Potion's Master face. Normally people wouldn't have caught his slip, but they didn't know his like she did. They didn't care for him like Ariana did. "The sleeping potions? They stopped working. You never let your emotions slip, Severus. That's how I know how tired you are. Take off your glamour charm. Let's see what you really look like." Ariana waved her wand, and in an instant relieved him of his glamour charm, a charm that he had used to mask his illness from the world, and more importantly the Dark Lord and Dumbledore. She watched as the glamour disappeared, and his face, which was full of rage, shocked her to her very core. Severus Snape looked horrible. There was no other word to describe it. Dark circles formed black bags under his eyes, and his once silky smooth hair was dry and brittle. Translucent white skin was now a sickly white, and his once slender frame now resembled a skeleton. "Severus…" Ariana opened her mouth to begin, but found herself at a loss for words. She knew she shouldn't have taken his glamor off. She knew that and yet she had, against his wishes. She saw the truth, the truth of what this war was doing to him, and what it was costing him. "I don't need your pity." He hissed venomously at her, as he cast the glamour charm back on himself, and turning his back to her. "He's killing you, Severus. If you keep this up, you will die." The tears that had once threatened to escape earlier now freely ran down her face. She sank back in the squashy chair, resisting the urge to bring