A/N Hehe. *sigh* I love that we all love angst and pain and torture and all that good stuff so we can all be considered a little crazy together :) Disclaimer: not mine. No Finer Friends Chapter One "You will come back again before the year is out, won't you?" Aragorn asked, his deep grey eyes hopeful as he gazed up at Legolas, who sat astride a glossy white mare looking down on him. In the King of Gondor's arms balanced his young son, Eldarion, who was only four. Both father and son were decked out in their finest clothes, though this did not appear to brighten either of their moods any, leaving Aragorn rather decidedly gloomy. Legolas heaved a heavy sigh before replying. He, the direct opposite of his friend, was wearing his normal clothes and a travel worn cloak. His treasured bow and arrows where strapped to his back along with his faithful twin blades. "I will try, but there is no guarantee that I will be able to slip away from Ithilien," he said carefully, checking his hose as she began to prance impatiently. The bright afternoon sun caught on the surface of his knives and they glinted brightly before the elf shifted once more. "I understand," Aragorn said as he struggled to keep a hold of the bouncing and fidgeting Eldarion. "Say good-by to Uncle Legolas and then you can go." The human frowned with good humor as his offspring shouted a quick farewell and wiggled free of his arms, shooting off towards the gardens. Legolas smiled at the sight and grinned wider as he turned his head and saw the grimace that his friend was wearing. "I would be running in the other direction if I where him," the human muttered, his frown deepening even more. Legolas swiftly transformed his features, but there was no hiding the twinkle in his blue eyes, however. "Aragorn, you have given many a decree before. Why should this one be any different?" he said bracingly, knowing that the king of men was dreading the speech and decree that he had to give later in the afternoon. "I don't like doing it anytime," the king affirmed, shaking his head in despair as he folded his arms and turned to watch his son. "I don't mind commanding an army or leading them into war, but this is different. I just don't like doing it." "Now you finally understand what I have gone through all my life!" The elf let a grin widen his face as he gently teased the human. "That I do," Aragorn agreed, allowing a flash of a smile to cross his face. For a moment, silence reigned supreme and neither seemed willing to break it. Aragorn was gazing unseeingly at the garden path way into which his son had disappeared as Legolas' eyes sought the sky. Arwen was the one who finally did break it as she emerged from the gardens with Eldarion now safely nestled in her arms. "Aragorn, your councilors are looking for you," she called over. She had already said her good-byes to Legolas and stayed in the background, not wishing to encounter the awkwardness of doing it again. Eldarion wasn't afraid of that, however, and shouted out another farewell at the top of his lungs. He waved energetically and Legolas waved back. "Coming!" Aragorn called back with tenderness in his voice that was reserved for Arwen and Arwen alone. Turning back to his friend, he smiled up, though a splash of nervousness had also entered his face. "You will be fine," Legolas said, reaching down to lightly touch the man's shoulders. "Believe it or not, it does get easier everytime. Besides you are the great king Elessar! Trust me, no one in the crowd will be able to tale that this isn't easy for you. They will only see their confident king." Aragorn nodded, though his face was still gloomy, "Travel safely, mellon-nin, and try to escape back here as soon as possible." He stepped back and brought his hand to his heart, sweeping it out. Legolas followed suit. "I always do," he said in way of parting, kicking his horse lightly in the sides to get her moving. "Good luck!" he called over his shoulder to which Aragorn raised his hand. Once his friend was out of sight the man heaved a great sigh. Turning he walked over to his wife and wrapped an arm around her waist. Together the family of three began to walk back. Never did they think that today would prove a day of misfortune that they would look back upon with sorrow. Legolas, meanwhile, traveled down the seven levels of Minas Tirith and was just threading his way through a crowded street of lower class people towards the tall gates when, by mere accident, his superior elven hearing caught three words that sent a chill down his spin. Elessar, injure, and kill where not words that could bring to pass light and good events, especially not when whispered in such hushed tones. Alert now, Legolas closed his eyes momentarily, blocking out all his senses and tuning into the sounds around him. The sounds of feet hitting the dirt were drowned by the excited babble and cries of the people of Minas Tirith. Focusing intently, Legolas fought against the surge of sound, trying to find the speaker. It was like trying to find a needle in a haystack, but luck favored him that day as once again his ears caught the voice. "No one will know. I have it all planned," it said and Legolas swung off his horse, leading her into a nearby ally way. This was worth investigating further and the horse would bring too much attention. He was clearly a horse of fine breeding and Legolas had often seen men's heads turn to follow the creature's graceful and strong movements. No, he would go on foot. " Daro, mellon-nin, " Legolas whispered to him, fondling his ears gently, before slipping back out into the crowds of swarming people. With one smooth action he flipped the hood of his cloak over his head and pulled it tight around him, trying to be unnoticeable. Staying several foot back from where he suspected the voice was coming from, the prince reflected momentarily on how handy it was to have excellent hearing. "But what if you make a mistake!" a second voice replied. This one was gruff and deep, indicting a heavy set man. The first one had been light, smooth, and confident. Someone who knew what they were doing. His eyes began to dart back and forth over the crowds, looking for a least two men together that would fit their voices. "I won't," the first replied with a hint of annoyance. "But if you mess up, it is both of our heads." The second man dropped his voice lower and Legolas picked up his step, sliding easily between a group of laughing girls. If he had any doubts before now, they had been erased. These two were up to no good; he would beat his left arm and leg on it. "Shh, don't talk so loud! Just stay out of the way and let me do my job!" the silky voice warned and the elf's stomach dropped even further. He had yet to catch sight of either man and scanned the crowd anxiously, his eyes hidden by his hood. If he was to lose their voices, then he was to lose them and that might mean to lose Estel as well. "Fine, but don't fail me." The elf wove gracefully past a pair of running children. A delightful grin suddenly lighted upon his face. He had them! There, walking purposefully along, were two men with their heads bowed together. One man, the one Legolas thought was more likely to have the deeper voice, was a large solider of Gondor, his outfit complete with weapons and armor. Legolas felt a pang of sadness shot through him as he gazed with an increasing hatred at that man. One of Aragorn's own men was planning to assassinate his king, an unforgivable breech in the most basic of warrior code. The second man was dressed plainly in a dark tunic and breeches, and Legolas felt his respect for the man grow even as his lip curled automatically. He was expertly dressed as someone whom no one would look twice at. The cloth for the clothes was fine, but no fine enough to warrant a second glance and no jewels adorned his fingers or neck. His shoulder length hair was simply styled. Legolas knew that with this one glance that this man was a master at what he did. He would have to be at his best, for there was no way in the name of the Valar that he was going to let Aragorn die when he had a chance to stop it. Not this day, not ever. They both stopped and Legolas edged closer. He did not stop as he came near them, but slowed considerable. "Remember, you do not get the rest of the gold until the job is done," the solider stated softly, pointing a thick finger in the other's face. The traitor then turned, walking quickly off and pushing through the crowds of people. The assassin, however, moved off into a new direction. Legolas paused, his eyes moving rapidly between the two men. The hesitation was almost unnoticeable before he started off once again, following the assassin. The man lead Legolas through another six levels of the city, tracing the path that Legolas had originally taken down, and ended in the courtyard where Aragorn was suppose to deliver his speech. With a jolt, the elf realized that this event was bound to take place any minute now and began to hurry his steps. The crowds surrounding them had swelled as what seemed as the whole city struggled to fit into the court yard to hear what their king had to say. It would be far to easy to disappear into such a crowd. The herald stepped out, his voice floating over the crowd, and Legolas cursed the Valar swiftly, knowing that he was still too far away to make a difference if the assassin acted now. The man's head twisted upwards and Legolas stomach lurched, but he appeared to only be focusing in on Aragorn as the royal family stepped out to cheers. Ducking behind a large, old, woman with a wrinkled face, Legolas stopped. He was now with-in an arm's distance of the man. Aiming his gaze towards his old friend, the elf pretending to be interesting in what he was saying while cocking his head to the side so that he could watch the assassin out of the corner his eye. The man moved again, dipping his hand into his pocket and Legolas drew in a deep breath, stilling his nerves. Aragorn's voice rang out, loud and clear, though the court yard and the assassin shifted over a few feet, appearing as if he wanted a better view of the King. Which, Legolas was sure,he did. More important was the fact that there were no guards hovering nearby and that it was in the shadows of one of the great trees that lined the courtyard. The man withdrew his hand from his pocket with the causality of someone drawing out money, but when his hand left the material something silver and thin was nestled in his palm. Legolas discreetly inched over, now in a position almost directly next to the man. He could clearly see the blade, a throwing knife, and tensed his muscles, ready to attack at the moment's notice that would be given him. The man shifted, twirling the knife upwards, and Legolas made his move. Darting forward, he grabbed the man's wrist and twisted it painfully behind the man's back while he dug his fingers into the human's shoulder. "Don't move," the elf