Gone And Return A/N 11.30.16: I'm restarting this story. I found a new love of Anna Kendrick, so I have a new respect for Jessica Stanley and don't want to use her as a whatever character. She'll be different in this new version of the story. Bella's POV I was messing around with my brother, Emmett, who also happened to be my twin. He was born five minutes before me, which made him to be bossy. But I loved that and everything else about him, it was what made us closer. For two seventeen year olds, we were pretty childish, but we didn't care, we had each other and that was all that mattered. "Belly!" Emmett shouted from the kitchen. I rolled my eyes, he was always eating.. "Emmy?" I responded, wondering what he wanted. "Want to play tag?" He asked bored. I rolled my eyes and shook my head, "Need more people." "What do you want to do then?" He asked, seeming desperate. Feeling bad for my older brother, I thought about a game to play, to entertain him. "Oh race you up to our hide out," I said, standing up from the couch I was laying down on. I watched as he exited the kitchen and smirk at me. "It's so on, little sister," he said, mockingly. "You're just five minutes older," I told him, shooting him a glare. "So older is still older," he said, his voice smug. "Yeah, whatever twin brother," I mutter, slightly annoyed with his attitude. "I love you," he said, sweetly. He walked up to me and placed a kiss on my cheek. "I do too," I tell him back, returning the kiss to his cheek. I smile at him and take off. He screams my name as he follows me out of our house. I hear him slam the door shut. We ran all the way to our tree house. He beat me, but I climbed faster. So we called it a tie. "Emmett want to play poker?" I asked, when we are both lounging around the small tree house. "Nope, let's shoot bears," he said, a huge smile on his face. "Okay," I said, not really caring what we did. Our father had taught us how to shoot guns at a young age, telling us that if we were going to hang out in the woods, then he would teach us how to protect ourselves. We went to an opening we found a few years ago, guns in hand. We started looking. It was starting to get dark and we had nothing. We decided to just head back home. We left our gun in the tree house. On the way home, we saw a bear on our way. It had seen us and it looked ready to attack us. We froze. People usually talk about moments like these, and talk about all the tough things they could do, but when they are in the spot, they freeze. That's what happened to us. "Bella run," Emmett whispered, trying to move away from me, probably to let me go. "What? No," I shot back. I was not going to leave my brother alone with a huge bear. "Bella, go!" He snapped, as the bear took a step closer to us. "You're my brother, I stay with you!" "Bella I promise I'll be fine. Go to our tree house." he begged, looking at me with a pleading look. "Okay." I ran away. I climbed to the tree house. I stayed there, hoping wishing that he would be back. Emmett's POV I was watching Bella run away when the bear attacked. I blacked out pretty quickly. I woke with a blonde girl looking at me. Then I blacked out again. Suddenly, I felt like I was on fire. (Three Days Later) I woke up after the burning left. I didn't know how long I was like that, but I was told it was three days. I see four people when I open my eyes. There were two males and two females. They are all staring down at me. They were good looking. There is a blond man, he looks like the oldest, then there is a brunette. She looks like his wife. There are two teenagers, the woman I saw earlier, and a reddish haired boy. "Hello Emmett," the older looking one said calmly. "How do you know my name?" I asked, confused and scared. I don't remember ever seeing them before, so I pretty sure they shouldn't know my name. "Edward, was able to read your mind," he said, pointing at the bronze haired guy. "That's Rosalie and Esme. I'm Carlisle," he continued, introducing the women. "How long was I out?" I asked, not really caring about the other people. I only had one person in my mind. "Three days," he answered, probably trying to keep me from freaking out, it didn't work. "Three days!" I shouted. I got up. "I have to get home!" "Emmett, you can't do that," he said, pushing me down. "Why?" I asked, confused. "Everyone thinks you're dead." Bella's POV It had been three days since I left Emmett behind and I've spent all my time at our tree house, crying. "He promised! He said he would be fine!" I shouted, wishing I was screaming at him. It was one of the only things that helped. "Yes, he did," someone said from behind me. I didn't recognize the voice, and it scared me. I turned to see a blonde guy. His eyes were red. "Who are you?" I asked, trying to keep my voice strong, but not succeeding. "James. Bella, I'm here for you," he told me, a smirk on his face. "To kill me?" "Oh no, I'm not here to kill you." He took a step towards me. "What?" "I'm going to do the exact opposite," he whispered. He ran to me in inhuman speed and bit me. I screamed. (Three Days Later) The burn stopped and I opened my eyes. Everything was clearer. The James guy wasn't there. I got up and ran away. I was fast and thirsty. I saw a deer run and I ran to it. I bit it and drank. When I dropped it, I was shocked. I took a step back and stared at the blood on my hands. "What am I?" I asked myself. "What did he do?" (Present) I moved all around the world. The Volturi were nice. Or so they seemed. I stayed with them for a few years and became great friends with them. I moved to Forks, Washington. When I got there, it smelled like vampires. I assumed I wasn't the only one here. I went to register at Forks High School. I entered and the lady at the front desk looked at me. "Can I help you?" She asked, looking at me with a small smile. Realization hit you. "You must be our new student." "Isabella McCarty," I told her, a sweet smile on my face. I knew that people melted when I smiled at them. "Ms. Cope, you asked for me?" A voice asked. I turned over to see a slightly short girl. She had a distinct smell about her. She still smelled like a human, but there was something else, I just didn't know what. "Yes. Isabella, this is Jessica Stanley. Jessica, this is Isabella McCarthy. Jessica here will be showing you around the school." Ms. Cope turned to Jessica. "Thank you for doing this." "It's not problem." "Well, here is your stuff," she said handing me papers. I smiled my thanks and turned. Jessica didn't move from her spot at the door. She was staring at me like she knew something. Like she knew what I was. I gave her a smile. "Hi, my name is Bella." Jessica stared for a second, before giving me a smile. "Jessica. So, what's your first class?" I looked down at my schedule. 1st- English Room 213 2nd- Government Room 125 3rd- Trigonometry Room 252 4th- Spanish Room 322 Lunch 5th- Biology 2 Room 214 6th- P.E. Gym I told her the class. She told me she had the same one. We walked to class. It was silent at first, but Jessica slowly started to converse with me. "What made you move to Forks?" I looked over at her and noticed that she was staring at me with the same look as before. I wondered if she knew something. "Just wanted to see a scenery." "You moved alone?" "I got emancipated a year ago." "Any siblings?" I frowned. Jessica did know something. The way she asked questions, it was as if she was fishing for something. Like she was waiting for me to screw up and get caught in a lie. "Y-yeah. I had a twin brother." "Had?" I nodded. "He disappeared one day. I think he died." Jessica looked guilty. "I'm, uh, sorry to hear that." I shook my head. "No, it's okay. You didn't cause him to disappear or anything." She nodded, and silently walk to class with me. We entered the room, and she pointed to the teacher. She told me to hand him my schedule and that there was an empty seat next to her. I watched as she headed to the back of the class. A blonde boy turned to her. "Why won't you go on one date with me?" "My boyfriend won't like it." "He doesn't have to know. He lived somewhere else." "The reservations aren't somewhere else," another girl said, rolling her eyes. The teacher soon noticed me. He met me introduce myself and let me take the seat next to Jessica. "Are you related to the Cullens?" The guy asked, frowning at me. I looked at him. "Who?" "Leave her alone Mike," Jessica said in an annoyed voice. "C'mon, she looks like them. She has to be related to them!" "Mr. Newton!" Mike sat up and looked at the teacher. "Ignore him. He's an idiot. After class I'll take you to your locker and our next class. We have all the same classes. I think that's why they chose me to show you around." I nodded and turned my attention to the teacher as the lesson went on. That was how the rest of my classes went. Jessica and I walked from class to class, lecture to lecture. Soon it was lunch time. As soon as I entered the cafeteria, I smelled the familiar vampire scent. I looked around and saw him. Emmett's POV It had been years since I last saw my baby sister. Things weren't the same anymore. I wasn't the same anymore. I had my mate, my love, but I still needed my sister. When someone came into the cafeteria, I smelled another vampire scent. I looked up and saw her. She was there, alive, and a vampire. I dropped everything from the shock. She stood there, staring at me as well. Neither of us believed that we're both here. I had too many questions. "B-Bella?" I whispered, standing up. I wasn't sure what I was going to do. I took a step towards her. I just wanted to hug her, to hold her in my arms and never let her go again. She turned and took off running. Everyone stared at her. Then they look at me, confused as to what happened. I sit back down and put my head on my hands. I let out a breathe. "Who was that?" Rosalie asked, jealously evident in her voice. "Isabella, she was my everything. I loved her and I will never stop," I whisper, staring at the table. I looked at my wife, to see Rosalie mad at the comments and was about to leave when I stop her. "Rose wait," I called out, when I realized how it sounded. I shook my head at her. "What? Why don't you go with the love of your life," she snapped, hurt from my comment. "She's my twin