A/N: this little story is AU characters may be a little OOC and maybe some wishful thinking was added to make this story possible; for I am not the brilliant J.K Rowling's A Sirens Song Chapter 1 The home of the Weasley's was rather busy; Harry had already arrived earlier in the morning. Ron was running around crazily talking about how much he hoped that the Irish would win the Quidditch World Cup. The twins were making trouble for their mother, who was in the kitchen cooking up a feast of a breakfast. Ginny was sitting, and waiting rather impatiently for Hermione to arrive. Suddenly there was a knock at the door, Ginny raced to open it, and there stood a girl about 5'3" long brown curly hair, that reached her waist, it was neither frizzy nor messy. Her face was pretty and soft, you could see the tan she had gotten over the summer where her freckles used to be. In her delicate small hands, she held an overnight bag that had most likely been charmed to hold numerous amounts of supplies. Ginny launched herself at the girl standing in the door way. Hermione was startled only for a second, and then she hugged the girl in return. "It's good to see you too Ginny," Hermione said. "Oh Hermione," Ginny cried, "please save me from all this testosterone. They're driving me completely and utterly mad!" "I didn't expect anything less, from the Weasley males," Hermione said, "what about Harry? Is he driving you mad as well?" "Well no," Ginny said, "he's ignoring me completely." "I highly doubt that Ginny," Hermione said, "what you need to do is show him what a fine young woman you are. Then he won't be able to ignore you." "And how do you propose I do that?" Ginny asked. "Well you get all dolled up, nothing to major of course, and then when he pays some attention to you, you blatantly ignore him." Hermione said. "Do you really think that'll work?" Ginny asked. "Of course, it will," Hermione said, "it's how my mother won over my father, and he's 5 years older than her." "What are you talking about dears? Ginny dear, why don't you let Hermione come in and have a seat." Molly said. After they sat down, Molly asked again what they were talking about. "Well Ginny was saying how Harry wasn't paying any attention to her, and I told her that after we get his attention she should ignore him. It's how my mother won over my father. He's 5 years her senior." "Yes," Molly said, "it'll work, that's how I gained your fathers attention. Isn't that right dear," she said when Mr. Weasley walked into the room. "What's that dear?" Mr. Weasley asked. "I was just telling the girls that I landed you by gaining your attention and then blatantly ignoring you afterwards." "Yes," Mr. Weasley said, "I believe that's how it was done. She would get all dolled up, and then she would prance around with the other girls and then when I would talk to her she would ignore me. Until one day when I had, had enough of being ignored and I kissed her right on the lips at the start of our 7th year. Let's just say that she didn't ignore me anymore after that." He leaned over and gave Molly a kiss on the cheek before getting up and walking into the other room where the twins were. "See," Molly said, "it'll work. Now why don't take Hermione upstairs and get her settled, and then you can change and come down for something to eat, I believe that Mr. Weasley has planned to take you somewhere special this afternoon." "Of course, mum," Ginny said. "Thank you for having me Mrs. Weasley." "Of course," Molly said, "anytime dear." Hermione fallowed Ginny up to her room, when they passed the twins. They called out to her, "hey Hermione," and after she passed they did a double take. "Hermione? Hey Hermione, come back here!" "Yes, Fred, George?" she asked, "something the matter?" "You look different," George said. "You think so?" she asked. The fact of the matter was that she hadn't intentionally done anything to change herself. Her hair had managed to be less fluffy and messy all on its own. She and her parents had spent part of the summer in Italy. She had managed to get the tan, and her hair seemed to settle down all on its own. "You look really good," Fred said, "what did you do different?" "Nothing really," Hermione said, "my parents and I spent most of the summer in Italy and my hair just sort of settled all on its own." "Well you look absolutely divine," George said. "Soon you'll be beating the boys off with sticks," Fred said. "I highly doubt that it will get that bad," Hermione said. The girls excused themselves and proceeded up the stairs once again to Ginny's room. Once again, they were intercepted by another red headed Weasley boy. "Hermione," Ron said, "when did you get here? Never mind that, how was your summer?" "My summer was good, we my parents and I spent most of the summer in …" before she could finish what she was saying, Ronald The-Stupid-Red-Headed-Weasley-Boy, had interrupted once again. "That's nice Hermione," Ron said excitedly, "I'm so excited, and the Irish are so going to win the Quidditch World Cup." "Ron," Ginny said, "is that all you ever think about?" "No," Ron said, "I've spent a lot of time thinking about what I want to eat for lunch." "Your hopeless," Ginny said, "come on Hermione let's go." "What's wrong with them?" Harry asked. "I don't know," Ron said, "so about them Irish…" After Ginny got Hermione settled into their room, they went back down stairs for breakfast or as it was now 11:00 am it was more of a brunch. When Ginny and Hermione flounced into the room, Ron and Harry were the only ones that hadn't noticed the changes going on with Hermione. After they were finished eating, Arthur, stood up and said, "all right you lot, get finished we've got somewhere to be." "Where do you think we're going?" Ginny whispered to Hermione. "I don't know," Hermione said, "but I bet it'll be somewhere more exciting than here." They stood up and followed the boys outside, "Come on," Arthur said ushering them, "this way lets go." Arthur leads the way to an old boot that sat in the middle of a clearing, "Everyone grab hold," Arthur said, "wait just a second were missing someone." "Who are we missing, Da'," George asked, "We're all here." "Were waiting for the Diggory's," Arthur said, "I work with Amos Diggory at the Ministry, and I believe his son Cedric is in his 6th year." "Are we late?" Mr. Diggory asked. "No, my friend, your just on time," Arthur said. "Perhaps before we go we should make introductions," Hermione said, "oh I hope I didn't speak out of turn." "No dear it's quite all right," Arthur said, "kids this is Amos Diggory and his son Cedric Diggory," "Hello," everyone said. "Cedric, Amos, these are some of my children, George, Fred, Ronald, and Ginny." Arthur said, putting him hand on Harry's shoulder and then jesting to Hermione, "this here is Harry Potter, and this young lady is Hermione Granger." "It's nice to meet you," Hermione said shyly. "It's nice to meet you as well," Cedric said, "I can't believe we go to the same school and I never noticed you before." "It's quite all right," Hermione said, with amusement in her voice, "after all you are two years ahead and in a different House than us. It's to be expected." "Well if you two are done chatting," Ron said, "I'm interested to see what's on the other side of this boot." "All right," Arthur said, "everyone grab on, and hold tight." Arthur counted off, and as they felt their belly buttons start to tug inward towards their stomachs Arthur shouted, "Don't let go." After they reached their destination, only the Diggory's and Mr. Weasley were left standing, everyone else was either lying on the flat of their back or lying on their stomachs. Hermione and Ginny lay on their back and watched as the Diggory's and Mr. Weasley landed firmly on their feet. In fact, it looked like they had been walking on air. Cedric noticed the girls lying on the ground watching them; Ginny was very pretty for a third year. But Hermione was the one that had really caught his attention. She was lying on her back her hair spread out around her. Her knees were bent and her arms were clasped together up above her head. She was beautiful. How Harry and Ron couldn't see her the way he saw her after just meeting her a few short minutes ago was beyond him. He walked over to her and stretched out his hand to her. Smiling she took his hand, and allowed him to pull her to her feet. She stumbled a bit over her feet and he reached out to her with both hands to steady her. After she was steadied on her own two feet, before they stepped back from each other, she looked up at him. He was startled, momentarily when she smiled at him, and whispered a thank you. Oh Merlin, he thought to himself, she's so beautiful. He whispered your welcome before they came to their senses, and separated quickly. To their surprise the only ones that noticed besides Ginny was, Fred and George. Ginny was surprised at Hermione's actions; it seemed that she had changed a lot over the summer. There she was flirting but not meaning to flirt with a boy that was two years older than her. How much luckier could a girl get. Fred and George on the other hand were a bit jealous. How could she stand there and flirt with him, when she could have us? Their thoughts went something like that; there was also, something like they saw her first. "Hermione," Harry called, "were going to go to the tent now." "I'm coming," she said. Ginny grabbed her hand and pulled her along, as she waved goodbye to Diggory. After Ron so elegantly states that they are at the Quidditch World Cup and they enter the tent. Ginny pulls Hermione to the side, "What was that with Diggory?" "I don't know," Hermione said, "he was just helping me up and I lost my balance. Why do you ask?" "Well you were flirting," Ginny said, "you may not realize it but you were blatantly flirting, and he was responding." "Really?" Hermione asked, one eye brow raised slightly higher than the other, "I never thought in a million years that someone like him would look at someone like me. After all I'm just plain-ole-Hermione, aren't I?" "You certainly aren't plain, Hermione," Ginny said, "You are most certainly very pretty for your age." "Really?" Hermione blushed. "Most definitely," Ginny said, "I bet that Fred and George would agree with me." "What are we agreeing to?" George asked. "That there is nothing plain about Hermione," Ginny said. "Well then you would be right little sister," Fred said. "Because there is nothing plain about Hermione," George said. "One could even say that," Fred continued. "Hermione is the Fairest of all maidens," George said, dramatically, causing Ginny to give him a glare. "Except for Ginny and Mum," Fred said, to help smooth things over for his twin's sake. "So, your definitely not just plane-ole-Hermione." Ginny said encouragingly, "your more like Hermione-the- Beautiful." Hermione couldn't help but blush, "Thank you," she said ducking her head to look down at her feet. Then she plucked her head up just a bit looked up at Fred and George, and bit her lower lip. She twirled a bit of her hair between her fingers. Ginny watched Fred and George