On the Frequent Obstacles to Marital Bliss 0o0o0 A necklace, you say? Set with rubies? Yes, I know the one. But this much I can tell you, young one, this argument between you and your beloved has little to do with a broken necklace clasp. You believe me not? Silence your protests; banish disbelieve from your mind. Remember, young one, I have several millennia of experience with marital arguments to your—how long has it been now? Two weeks? No, let me reckon—yes, sixteen days. Such an accurate account of the days of your heretofore nuptial bliss should be to your mortal liking! Ah, you Men, counting your lives by days. But what were we discussing? Yes, this broken necklace. Aragorn, I urge you to believe me that in marital disputes, a necklace, ruby or otherwise, is never simply a necklace. Many were the times that I, in my naiveté, assumed that some seemingly simple marital spat concerned the issue directly at hand: a forgotten date, an ill-received gift, a mistimed comment. But without fail, when Galadriel and I examined the matter in dispute—whatever it happened to be at the time—with greater scrutiny, we discovered a deeper issue lurking beneath the surface. So you see, Aragorn, your beloved's necklace is a decoy for the genuine source of trouble. But before I continue, I must commend you on the good judgment you have shown by coming to me rather than to Elrond. Not only am I something of an expert on the frequent obstacles to marital bliss, I am also more sympathetic to your plight than my son-in-law would be. It was always my belief that Elrond had excess softness for his daughter, allowing his love for her to blind him to some of her less agreeable ways. But that I can well understand, being a doting father myself. And glad I was when Elrond showed interest in my daughter, for he was as reliable and honest as anyone I had ever met, though somewhat hard to read. Galadriel and I knew she would do well with him, and never once have I regretted giving him her hand. No, he has not failed me; it is I who failed him. But that is of no import now. As I was saying, Elrond would surely take his daughter's side in any disagreement, especially now when—forgive me, young one—tension between the two of you is greater than it might otherwise be. Not that he has ever held you in low esteem; you must know that Elrond loves you. And is proud of you, too! Still, you are old enough by the standards of Men to realize that when Elrond looks upon you nowadays, he sees not a king but the Man who has taken his daughter from him. Perhaps he questions whether he set the appropriate task for you to achieve ere you took Arwen to wife, for the mission of claiming the throne of the Reunited Kingdom was insufficient to prevent you from reaching your goal, though I cannot imagine a more difficult undertaking. In years to come, your victory will speak to Elrond of the measure of your love for his daughter, for I suspect that without the promise of her hand, you would not have persevered. But now? You must understand, Aragorn, that his pain is fresh, with no room in his heart to hear your marital grievances with open mind. Ah, but no additional burden do I mean to add to your woes. Not now, when you have a kingdom to rebuild and friends to mourn. Forgive me, young one, for I have digressed. Now as to Arwen's less favorable side upon which you have, unfortunately, landed, I cannot say that I am surprised. These things happen, and forging one life from two can seem at times an even harder task than conquering Sauron. Much have you taken on this past year, young one, much—but naught as formidable as marriage! I am also unsurprised by this dispute because whereas Elrond may be blind to his daughter's flaws, I am well aware of her high temper. After all, she got it from her grandmother, you know. It was well for Elrond that such a fiery temper skipped right over Celebrían, lest the Last Homely House would never have come to be known for its tranquility. Not that Celebrían wanted for spirit, young one, but she was ever good natured and eager to brush off a slight. Her anger, when it made a rare appearance, was short-lived and smoothed with ease. Not so with Arwen. From when I first looked into the grey eyes set in that little, pink, puckered face, I thought, This noble little lady has not her mother's good-natured placidity but the fiery temper of her grandmother. May it serve her well. Does it surprise you to learn that such a temper exists in my garlanded maiden? I assure you, Aragorn, her rages have been virulent enough to humble even the most seasoned warrior. I shall confess that on more than one occasion, I have found amusement in watching our marchwardens shudder as their Lady addressed them with eyes narrowed, nostrils flared, and voice hushed into a serpent's hiss. The whisper of death I call it—though not to her face, of course—and it is always a great relief when she directs her icy rage at someone other than me. Her anger is always—no, almost always—controlled, making it all the more dangerous. She can wield words like weapons without batting a golden lash. Ah, yes, I can recall one such occasion when I was the unfortunate target of Galadriel's frosty anger, and it may serve as example to you that in marital spats, all is not what it seems. Shall I tell you? Yes, I thought you might want to hear; it always seems to make a husband feel better to realize that he is not the only fool to have been on the bad side of his wife's less than good graces. Very well then. Not long ago—ah, but by the way you mortals reckon time, it would be centuries ago—Galadriel asked me to send more patrols to the Redhorn Pass, which had grown dangerous with the prowling of Orcs. Naturally, I promised her that I would attend to this urgent matter with all haste. Safe passage through the mountains was an issue close to my own heart, for our own beloved Celebrían had recently passed through the Redhorn as she journeyed back to her husband in Imladris. How relieved I was to know that she had arrived home unscathed. I was confident, you see, that if anything had gone amiss, we would have heard from our son-in-law by then, and Galadriel seemed to share my certainty. Now, as to carrying out Galadriel's request, I shall come right out and confess, Aragorn: I forgot to fulfill my promise. Yes, that is correct. No excuses do I make, for the truth is simple: I forgot. Easy enough to admit now, but imagine my saying such a thing to my lady wife when she asked with feigned diffidence, accompanied by two deliberate flutters of golden lashes, "My love, you did remember to send additional patrols to the Redhorn, did you not?" I coughed and sputtered and made a valiant attempt to form words that I knew full well had no chance of success, no matter how well-crafted they might be, for my hesitation had already given me away. " Celeborn!" You will recall that I mentioned that the Lady's anger is usually controlled. This instance was an exception, and if you have never heard my wife scream, and I wager you have not—she is too well-bred to allow such indiscretion to show in public—you cannot fathom how so loud a voice could come from so sweet a mouth. But her shriek was preferable to what I knew would follow, for as I have told you, Aragorn, Galadriel is one for controlled temper, not childish outbursts. Icy anger followed her shriek, and I tell you, young one, I would take the heat of an outburst any day over my lady's calculated frost. "My love," she continued in that eerie whisper that makes even seasoned warriors shudder, "We did agree—did we not?—that allowing Sauron's fell beasts any more control in the mountains would be a grave danger to our realm. Does my memory fail me, Celeborn, or did we not have this conversation? And did you, or did you not, promise me— promise me! —that you would speak with the marchwardens about increasing patrols in that area?" "No, dearest, your memory fails you not. The failure is mine. All mine . I will see to it at once. Please, my love, forgive me this transgression." I groveled, Aragon. Yes I admit it—I groveled. "Do not trouble yourself, my love, for perhaps this deed is best left to me." And so the stallion was gelded, while the high strung mare trotted off with skirts billowing in the breeze. Feeling sorry for myself, I went to stroll among the mallorns. I am ashamed to say that I have always been prone to bouts of melancholy, and Galadriel's disappointment kicked up a fresh bout of despair. I loathed myself, believing myself unable to handle even the most effortless task. Of course, now I realize that it was a simple error, but at the time, I felt like Arda's most incompetent fool, a husband who had to have his wife clean up his messes, like a babe in swaddling clothes dependent upon a nursemaid to wash him clean each time he soiled himself. Many have wondered—though they admit it not to my face—whether I ever felt emasculated, marrying so bold a woman, a maid who stood so easily in the light of leadership. From time to time, yes, I felt like a tame gelding or a helpless babe in the wake of my wife's prowess. Rarely did I feel this way, for when I was going about life with zest and enthusiasm, or even with calm certitude, no such doubts discomfited me. But let a fit of despair come upon me and suddenly, I was seized by insults from within my own mind, insults that mirrored the ones that I was sure others whispered behind my back: "Look at him; content to let his wife lead!" Were such words ever truly whispered? I shall never know. And in truth, Aragorn, I should never have cared. It is with great relief that I can tell you that I have learned, finally, to silence those doubts when they spring up in my mind. If others question my manliness simply because my wife is as strong a woman who ever walked Middle-earth, then so be it. It is no concern of mine what gossip breeds as long as my garlanded maiden knows both my courage and my might. And she has always promised me that she does. I remember her saying to me on the eve of our betrothal, "My love, I am not a mild-mannered maiden; this much you know." I smiled and nodded, utterly besotted. How sweet she looked when she grew serious! It made me wish that the wedding were that very day. "Do you realize that others will wonder what sort of husband allows his woman to have such aspirations? You know well that I have always lusted after power, though it is with wisdom and compassion that I wish to rule." "I know of your aspirations, my love, and cherish you all the more for them. I will see you with your fair head garlanded with the mark of leadership, for a more gracious queen Middle-earth will never know." "Then if others were to whisper their doubts about your husbandly strength—" "Let them whisper, dearest. They are but jealous that I should have won the heart of such a fair maiden as you." And she smiled that smile—you have seen it, Aragorn. I am certain