Hi all readers , I have decided to take a step away from Game to royalty's seacret and do another story. This is not a story related or have any relation with game to royaly's seacret. This may be a one shot I haven't worked it out yet. So please give it a try. disclamer of snow white and twilight. Page break. One red apple. ( fairy tale music) Once there was a teenage girl called Bella. (Music stops) Hold on a minute , teenager? Oh well anyway (fairy tale music) Once there was a teenage girl called Bella. ( Music stops again) Lets start at the begining. ( Fairy tale music starts again) Once in a place called forks Charlie and Reneè Swan were a very passionate early couple , with all the early marriages and love in their marrige. At only twenty Reneè was pregnant with a baby girl. So after giving birth to this baby girl that had hair as dark as auburn and eyes browner than coffee and skin as white as snow they choose to call her Isabella , but Snow white in private (as she was so alike the disney character) so as time grew on so did Bella. At the age of Nine her mother grew tired of Forks and flead for another gentleman. Charlie was really saddened about this and demanded that he be the one to keep his daughter ; since Reneè didn't really care she just left unerving of her only bred child's exsistance. As Charlie was very much saddened that the person that said the 'I love you's' to him had flead for another gentleman that was the polar opposite from him though he had still been determind to give his child's life what it needed. So on Bella's thirteenth birthday , he revealed that he was dating another woman , she was a pretty barroness that worked as an accountant in Seattle. Though the best thing was , that she was willing to be a mother to Bella and let in some motherly instincts toward her as she was growing up. After meeting Victoria many times , Bella had approved of her , Charlie loved her so the two got married. After the happy marriage followed with out no waver in the 'mother daughter relation' no 'Im the most beautiful' though would you think Victoria would be vain? Charlie and Victoria had brought a new house after the marriage also in Forks , but in a more ritcher area. And we all lived happilly ever ... wait wait stop , not just yet... (fairy tale music stops) Page break Bella , aged eighteen. Bella's POV Cutting off the engine of my loud truck I really hoped that Victoria would be in a good mood today, usually when Dad is working the late shift she is particularly angry and I cannot work out why. Getting out of my truck , I smiled , her sly Mercedes Benz wasn't on the drive so really I was in great luck. In retrospect to the last time that she had 'accidentally killed' me as I crossed the road for a drama club meeting. That day , I had to go to the hospital and was checked out , she knew I hated hospitals because she had done it multiple times after and then blamed it all on me saying that it was all my fault that I was in the way and that why does she have such a dosey step daughter? Then because she had to be really awkward and then flirt with the Doctor , Dr Cullen , he got me a room that didnt smell or look like the hopital and that it was private seacretly I liked caring doctors like that because it really annoyed Victoria. Knowing I would absolouly get it as the doc.tor didn't really seem to like her and really I wasn't helping. Subcontiously retrieving my set of keys from my pocket I stuck it in the key hole and opened the door , no one was at home. All silent and really creepily silent for once, one time I had came home to it being really creepily silent and Victoria was standing in my room for some reason, rummaging though my things. As I was only fifteen then so being at that age I was clueless and partially just nieve to my surroundings. Now I just knew better than that to just complete my assignment that my teacher had set me so I quickly wrote a note and stuck it on the table then I set off for Angela's. Angela was my best friend since elementary school , she goes to the same school as me now and we are just like the nerds of our group. Mike Newton keeps trying to catch my eye and Ben and Angela are a couple, Jess likes Mike so I try and ward him off whilst she tries to be keeping him and being 'good' friends with him . Then we have Edward , Jasper , Emmett with Rosalie and Alice. Them five are the populars of the group and never talk to me the nerd. Alice is the director and casting person of our drama company Alice and I have a good friendship. As I sit next to Edward in Biology the Cullen doesn't even talk to me let alone stare at me. Then there are Lauren and Eric and Tanya and Kate and Irina. Tanya , Kate and Iriana are the three blonde sisters. Lauren is just the person who likes to victimise everyone. Eric is just an annoying nerd that also keeps trying to hit on me much like Mi.ke. Just drawing up to Angela's drive way I see her on her porch swing with Ben her boyfriend. Seeing as she was with him I really didnt want to distract or disturb her so I left for the nearest place that I would actually go from passing her house. Spending a few hours just driving round aimlessly , I finally decided that I would just face the musics and just be a big girl and not cower away from such things it really didnt matter if Vicoria had gone rummaging through my things it really didn't. Or did it? As I got in cutting off my engine and unlocking the door once more I also found that it was actually quite quiet. Going up to my room I though that I should do my assignments that my teachers had set. Triping on the last step I fell on a knife (a pen knife) feeling it jab in my rib cage luckily it was more towards my stomach than the actual heart to be honest with you but then sheer pain was coursing though me and metallic smell enverloped my senses as I fell out of consciousness. Though this was the last thing that I had knew as I was then whisked to hospital. White all white , no colours , no nothing... Then voices. "... She triped on a stair and fell on a pen knife... yes... um no ... yes now er no this was not my fault ... and no I wasn't home at that time , yes... no I didn't place that pen knife there I would never... she , um ... yes she's an accident prone... yes ..." The natterings had become more and more prominent , penertrating my unconsciousness and my ever bounding headache. As my consciousness came back so did the people around me tuning to me. As I opened my eyes my throat was as dry as a dessert. "C- Cccould I have some ... water.?" I finnished. "Yes Isabella you may , now small gulps." The doctor advised. "So um what happened?" I asked. "Miss Isabella , you fell from the stairs remember?" he enquired "yes." I apprehensively said. Urging the Doctor to carry on. "You fell on a pen knife that got into your rib cage lukily you were whisked fo hospital in the early stages or you would have blead to death." The doctor who I identifyed as doctor cullen with his cerulean blue eyes and blond hair. The doctor had three sons , Edward , Emmett and Jasper with Edward being the youngest and Jasper the oldest. Having only identifyed him as Doctor Cullen now was suprising , I had visited him many times in my trips to the hospital. Must have been the fact that I had lost consciousness and was no able to recognise people quick enough. Sitting very inappropriately was Victoria in her chair by the corner , I cringed at the 'flirty' comments she was making as she may have found her newest target. Yep , target ... even though she was lawfully tied down to Charlie , she still went for other men. I thought that really I should just relax now. "Thankyou for telling me Dr Cullen , I hope it wasn't too much trouble when taking this pen knife in question out was it doctor?" I asked hoping I didn't cause that much damage to my ribs. "No , Miss Isabella , you didn't , I took you for and x-ray and everything looked fine only a few of your cells fractured by the fall and the plunge of your fall." he said. 'Thankyou doctor , please just call me Bella , " I told him or else the Miss Isabellaing will really annoy me. "So how long will I be stuck here for then Doctor?" I enquired. "When your heart makes enough blood to pump round , Bella you have lossed alot of blood." He told. That explained the fake blood hanging down giving more fluid each second. I shivered I hated the smell of it. "Oh , well I think ages then." I bit my lip I hated hospitals. "Oh Bella please dont be so discomfited you wont get better that way is there anything that I could do to maybe ease that discomfortness?" He asked it was like he could read my expression. "No Dr Cullen I don't think anything could be done , Bella hates hospitals so most you could do is discharge her as soon as possible." Looking to be formulating another plan she smilled in a way that was supposed to be attractive , but I saw a ring on Dr cullen's finger so he is married... he is married and she's trying to hit on him !!!!!! Also he has children and definitely a wife!!!! And shes hitting on him... "No Miss ..." He asked politely "Victoria." she answered in the same way. "Miss Victoria , she needs to stay here where she is monortored and needs to be so its our every need to keep her on a good place were she will be content , as some tests that we may run will involve your actual safeness and how the paitent may feel." He confirmed. "Oh of course Doctor." Victoria signed in this and gave me death glares when I get back I think that I will absolutely get it. "Haven't I had you as a patient before Bella?" He asked seemingly going though all of his patient record. "Yes you have I was in a car accident once and you gave me a room that didn't look or smell like the hospital remember." I told. "Yes I remember," He trailed off. "Well I will just leave you to rest for now , and Miss Victoria , we have very strict visiting times round here so I would check the posters of visiting." Walking out , Victoria had followed him. she really wasn't going to let him go ... Sighing I thought that I really needed to complete my assignments... at least it was the weekend so I really hoped that Dr Cullen would discharge me monday. Thankfully , Dr Cullen had signed my discharge papers on