When Harry Potter's wife and unborn sons are killed he embraces the darkness that only she could keep at bay. Rated M for torture and murder. The Shadow of Death Rain cleansed and renewed. Why then were his hands covered in blood? Her blood. As her eyes closed for the final time, so too does he close his eyes. Harry released the careful hold on his magic and expanded his senses. Magical traces. Three of them, two not hers. Two that he had vouched for during the Death Eater trials. Recognition. Rage . He kissed her rapidly cooling forehead. "You were always the better person. My love goes with you and our children." Soul rending heartache. He traced his finger along the gold chain that held the familiar corks that she has worn for as long as he has known her. "Portus." Her body disappears into the swirling vortex to reappear moments later in the entry hall of Potter Manor. Red tints his vision, so dark it is almost black. His heart skips a beat as his hope and love die and his heart freezes. Cold Resolve. Harry staggered to his feet, head tilted back looking to the heavens, his silent question of why unanswered. Bloodlust. Eyes still closed he follows the familiar magical traces around the corner into an alley. Apparation traces. His eyes open. Black, like his heart. Arms outstretched, palms up, he sends out a surge of magic. For the first time in three years he answers the call. The Wand. " Kill them all." It whispers in his mind. "Gladly." Harry responds. "Burn the world. Salt the earth." "Starting with Malfoy." He growled as he pulls his magic tight once more and disappears with a crack like thunder. Pressure. As he is sucked through a hose into subspace. Resistance. As he encounters the wards that surround and protect Malfoy Manor. His magic spreads across the wards and pulls his ethereal being through the weaknesses it finds. He lands in the entrance hall hard enough to shatter the granite floors, on one knee, right hand firmly on the ground in front of him. The Stone. An oh so familiar stone gracing a new gold ring adorns his right index finger. The last he had seen of it, it had been lost in the Forbidden Forest, trampled into the ground by the centaurs. Four pops announce the arrival of the manor elves. "Who is you!" The obvious leader demands. Looking up, his black eyes smoking with barely restrained power, "Reckoning." He stands gracefully, arms outstretched once more. The Cloak. Missing since the final battle at Hogwarts. Home once more. It turns pitch black as it drapes across his shoulders. Every shadow in the room seems to reach for it. "Leave the grounds or die with your master." Harry commands. The lead elf lifts it's hand prepared to defend its master and home. Shadows surge from under the cloak wrapping around the necks of every elf present. Snap! They fall in a heap, necks snapped. Senses expanded once more he finds them. Draco and Lucius in the study drinking Fire Whiskey. Narcissa in the library at the top of the stairs. Astoria and her child in her rooms sleeping. As he climbs the stairs more and more shadows reach out for him. Or more accurately for the cloak. Death's Own. Opening the double doors to the library the shadows obey his command. Narcissa is bound, gagged and dragged to Harry. He smiles cruelly. "I told you." He whispers. "I told you to never cross me again. Now your spawn and your husband have murdered my wife and unborn sons. The Malfoy line ends today." He finished in a near hiss. Narcissa is deposited outside the study as Harry ghosts past the room into the family wing to retrieve Astoria and the child. Shadows once more do his bidding as the infant and Draco's wife are bound, gagged and retrieved. He kicks the door to the study open hard enough to send splinters across the room. Shadows bind Lucius and Draco to their chairs. "Did you honestly think you would get away with it? That I would not come for you?" Harry hisses, his rage boiling just below his skin. Astoria and Narcissa are stripped and stuck to the wall. The infant, three maybe four months old is deposited in Harry's arms. "Tell me why I shouldn't kill the child." He whispers. Draco, eyes wide with fear, "He's innocent. Scorpios has done nothing. He's too young." "And my unborn sons? The two you murdered today. What did they do to you?" Harry's voice sibilant in his rage. "Nothing." Draco responds horrified. "We didn't know she was pregnant." Harry tilts his head, eyeing Draco. With deliberate slowness his right hand covers the screaming infants face. A quick jerk, a sickening crunch, and the screams cease. "You took - three lives from me today. Three innocent pure souls." Harry placed the child on the desk in front of Draco. "I take three lives in return. Then you and your father will die as horribly and as painfully as I can make it." Narcissa floated from the wall, wrapped in shadows, to stand in front of Lucius. The gag dispelled and her screams and pleas for mercy filled the air. Harry placed his mouth next to her left ear, "Do you know what they did today dear Cissa? One of the sent a Sectumsempra into the stomach of my four month pregnant wife. Twins. Sons to carry on the Potter name. Xander James Potter and Xavier Sirius Black. Two sons to carry on my legacy." He traced his finger down her jaw line tenderly. "One of them sent a piercing hex into her chest. I imagine to destroy her heart. Missed it though. She was drowning in her own blood when I found her. Which would you prefer?" He asked as he poked her in the chest. "A piercing hex to drown in your own blood?" He traced his finger along her stomach from her groin to her left breast. "Or to have your stomach cut open to bleed to death?" "Please, please, I'll do anything. I won't say anything." Narcissa continued to plead. Harry covered her mouth. "You die today, my dear. The only question is how. Drowning? Or bleeding out?" "Will it be quick?" She sobbed. "No." Harry smirked over her shoulder at Lucius. "Dear Luna lasted nearly fifteen in my arms before she passed. I'm unsure how long she lay there in the street bleeding before I got there. You shall have at least that long to live and suffer." She closed her eyes tightly and made a decision to hopefully spare Astoria some pain. "Stomach." She sobbed. Harry's wand slowly traced the same line his finger had traveled previous. An angry red line followed, opening her stomach. Blood raced forth. She screamed once more as her intestines began spilling out from the cut. It took eleven minutes for her screams to fade. Seven more for her last ragged breath to leave her. The shadows released their hold on her and she crumpled to the ground on Lucius's feet. Astoria was already being held in place in front of Draco. Harry stepped behind her and wandlessly summoned Draco's wand. He placed it at the same spot Luna had been hit. The shadow gag dispelled and her pleading began. Rather than using magic, he slowly and painfully pushed the wand into her chest between two ribs. Centimeter by centimeter the wand impaled her. Her pleading turned to screaming. Three inches in he slowly stirred the wand, centimeter by centimeter. After a full circuit he removed the wand slowly, centimeter by centimeter. He dropped it at Draco's feet. "My wife died painfully. Murdered by your husband and father in-law. You will die the same way. Though it's little consolation at this point, your death will be nowhere near as painful as their deaths will be." Harry whispered to her. It took nineteen agonizing minutes for Astoria Malfoy nee Greengrass to release her last bloody foam filled breath. She crumpled to the ground at Draco's feet. Harry conjured a comfortable leather chair and sat. A glass and the bottle of Fire Whiskey flew into his hands, he filled the glass to the top and offered the bottle up to the Malfoy men. "No? More for me then." He drained it in one go and promptly refilled it. He kicked back with his feet on the obviously antique and expensive desk. "I told all of you to leave me alone. That I just wanted to get on with my life. That I wanted to raise a family. That I had done my part and killed the Dark Tosser. I testified on your behalf, reduced sentences. Two years in Azkaban rather than life. And this is how you repay me." Harry chuckled darkly. "Well, you wanted my attention so badly, you have it undivided now. What do you want?" Lucius' face was purple in rage, spittle flying from his mouth as he screamed silently at Harry. Draco was staring in shock down at his wife's body. "The hard way then." "Legilimens." Harry whispered, the elder wand placed against Lucius' temple. Luna paused in her walk from the grocery store to the nearby alley to apparate home when two figures stepped out of a shadows doorway. "Lucius, Draco." She greeted guardedly. "Ah, Mrs. Potter." Lucius replied silkily. Luna tilted her head and heaved a sigh after a moment. "Should you tread this path, my husband's revenge will be legendary. It will be so horrific and brutal that it will form racial memories to be passed through blood from parent to offspring." Draco smirked, "Potter doesn't have it in him. The only life he has ever taken was the Dark Lords." Luna merely arched an eyebrow. "If that is what you choose to believe Draco. The truth however is that my husband has a darkness looming just below the surface, always struggling to get out, to be free. I am the only thing that has stands between that darkness and the annihilation of the magical world." "Oddly," Draco drawled, " I'm not worried about a mediocre wizard like Potter. Foram!" He jabbed his wand at Luna's chest causing a half-inch wide hole to open up and blood to seep out slowly. Luna grunted as the piercing curse hit and a couple of ribs cracked. "Sectumsempra!" Lucius' wand slashed through the air causing her stomach to flay open and an anguished scream to escape her throat as she fell to the pavement clutching her stomach. "Come Draco, the filth has been taken care of." "What is it Father?" Draco asked as he entered Lucius' study. Lucius stroked his Dark Mark tenderly. "The others, they want to destroy Potter." "Why, he hasn't been seen in nearly two years?" "Yet his ideas live on. His mudblood friend has been able to slowly change the laws. After her latest escapade, purebloods are no longer guaranteed the best jobs at the ministry anymore. Now, whomever is best qualified for the position is supposed to get it, no matter their blood status. Mudbloods and halfbloods taking the jobs that pureblood wizards and witches should be guaranteed. "The muggleborn tax on businesses has been eliminated, raising taxes on pureblood businesses to make up the difference. Taxes across the board have gone up to cover the costs of her so called reforms. It must end Draco." "Then why not just kill the mudblood and be done with it? Without her there will be nobody left to push for these changes." "But so long as Potter is still around, someone will always champion his cause. The mudblood is being taken care of as we speak. Tomorrow, his wife does the weekly shopping in the muggle world. Avery and Nott have her schedule and route. We will wait for her by her apparation point and take her