Title: A Letter Home Author: Frodo Baggins of Bag End E-mail: febobe at yahoo dot com Characters: Samwise, others by reference (including the Gaffer, Frodo, etc.). Rating: PG. This story falls within the guidelines of the FrodoHealers group in both letter and spirit, free from profanity or sexual content. Feedback: Welcomed. Constructive only, please. . .no flaming. Summary: After the Quest's end at Mount Doom, Samwise writes home from Minas Tirith. . . . Story Notes: This version is slightly altered from the original in that ff dot net "eats" my strikethroughs for Sam's crossed-out words and lines. If ANYONE knows how to put strikethroughs in successfully, please do let me know and I will replace this with the corrected version at once! Thank you! So where you see something strange, like misspellings or words run together, that's Sam's handiwork, but missing the strikethrough! For permission to reproduce any part of this fanfic, please contact febobe at yahoo dot com. DISCLAIMER: The characters, places, and story of The Lord of the Rings are the property of J.R.R. Tolkien and consequently of the Tolkien Estate, with select rights by Tolkien Enterprises. This piece appears purely as fanfiction and is not intended to claim ownership of Tolkien's work in any way. Please e-mail me if you have concerns. Original characters presented are my own work; please do not use my creations in your work. Please respect my original contributions. Furthermore, please do NOT consider any treatments or remedies within this story safe or effective for use: these are included as fictitious hobbit care, not real human medical practice, and while some can indeed be traced to actual therapeutic practices, could be dangerous. Please consult your health care professional before treating yourself or others for any condition or symptom. for my daddy ("I like just about anything that's green or blooms. . . .") A LETTER HOME To Gaffer Hamfast Gamgee Number 3 Bagshot Row Hobbiton The Shire 4 Thrimidge (May) 1419 Dear Da - I hope this letter finds you and Marigold well and that all the rest of the family is fine. I am sorry for things getting into the uproar they did, or at least that I hear they did, after Mr. Frodo and I left, and we both hope very much that you are right as rain. Please don't be ofen offended if I say now that I hope there's someone nice as is reading this to you who won't talk it all over Hobbiton and Bywater from one end to the other. I know that's how it happens, but I did mean this letter to be for you and Marigold, and not for the whole town. So if it's Bessie Puddifoot, take the letter back and send her packing quick as you can and find someone else instead. Mr. Frodo sends all his best and thanks you for allowing me to come. He insists I tell you that your son is one of the most honoured folk in all Middle-earth, and I wouldn't say nothing so vain-sounding except he's threatening to have one o'the new King's messengers write a big long piece if I don't say that, so I suppose I'd better. Da, I don't know where to even start. There's been a whole great war, away South, and terrible things happening, and it would take so long to tell them all that I hardly know where to start. It would take better tellers of tales than me, I think, too, but I'll try to explain what I can of my part, to explain why I've had to be away so long, and why I'm still away. My part is really just helping Mr. Frodo, so to explain it I think I'll have to explain his too a fair bit. The war started over ham in currant sauce. And creamed cabbage. And maple-baked onions. Leastways that's the simplest way I know how to put it so as it'll make more sense to you and Marigold than it made to me at the start. I don't mean really ham and cabbage and onions on a real plate nor nothing, but - there's this ring, see, that Mr. Bilbo used to own that he gave to Mr. Frodo when Mr. Frodo come of age. And the ring had been made a long time ago, ages, by some bad spirit-like being, bestways I know how to say it, called Sauron, and what he wanted was to have his own way about everything. He wanted to control whatever he liked. Mr. Frodo said that meant the Shire too - the way we live, our farms, our homes, our families - and - well, meaning no disrespect, sir, but I was caught listening trying to look out for Mr. Frodo's safety, and trying to get information for Master Merry and Master Pippin, his cousins, about him maybe taking off and bolting without a word, and that's how it ended up I got into the middle of it to start. But I'll be honest and say I had the chance of keeping my nose out of it at Rivendell, and didn't, and I got right back into that too, and it was only me trying to do the right thing, like you always taught me. You taught me to serve Mr. Frodo well, and to do a job right, and to not leave a job unfinished even if I was tired or sore or hungry or homesick, and - Da, there was Mr. Frodo, and he'd been stabbed through the shoulder with a poison knife by these awful creatures, and was so ill by the time we got there that almost no one thought he'd live. Mr. Bilbo was there, and Mr. Bilbo and me were stubborn, of course. And he pulled right through, sure enough, but - there he was, at this secret meeting they had, when all them wise folk said that ring had to be destroyed at some place in this dark land far off South, and that was the only way to end the threat - and no one else was offering to take it, no one else was willing! - Da, he stood up straight and tall and said he would take it! I couldn't let him go all by himself. And - well, Da, you know how I feel about ham in currant sauce and creamed cabbage and maple-baked onions. That's a right good meal, and it's my favourite, and it seemed to me that if somebody didn't like the world being the way it was made then somebody had just gotten too big for their breeches, as you used to say about us when we gave you sauce over anything. Raised us right, you did. I don't know who raised this fellow, if anybody, but they must not've raised him right or he'd know you can't have the whole table. It don't work that way. You get your plateful and that's that. But speaking of that, that's my favourite meal and it ain't Mr. Frodo's and he's going to be wanting his lunch in a while, so let me just get up a moment and put some vegetables in the stock before I go on. Got a good chicken stock going here. It just needs the vegetables cut up into it proper, I already washed everything and started the herbs and all. There's a fine chicken and mushroom pie in already too and taters ready to be peeled and mashed the way he likes them with butter and some salt. They bake the prettiest white bread here, and this morning I made Master some milk-toast with a bit of that, and coddled him some eggs, and made buttered toast and broke a piece into the eggs so it'd soak up the yolk real nice and golden. He'll eat that when he's feeling so poorly he about won't touch another bite of solid food, not even mushrooms, and sure enough he ate that for me with some applesauce and drank his juice and that good milky tea - cambrick tea, I think Master calls it, everything the way he wants it. - The vegetables are in now, and I'm back. I still do for Mr. Frodo, mostly because I know the best how he likes things done. It gives me something to do too. Sitting idle don't set well with me. I'd rather be cooking something or potting a plant or looking after Master, all of which needs doing enough 'round here, if you ask me. Mr. Frodo still ain't strong again. He was real sick when they took us from the mon mounten mountain, and while I was some hurt, I got better real fast (they took good care of us, Da - there are hobbits here, too, Mr. Frodo's cousins, not just Big Folk, and they made sure things were done proper), but Mr. Frodo's never gotten back to feeling right. See, what it meant, him taking that on, was that he had to take that ring of Mr. Bilbo's to this great huge monmounten mountain away South, this place full of fire and smoke and ash and all. I don't reckon I ever really understood that so well until we got there. It's not something anyone can rightly understand until they've been there - not to sound slighting, just to say - I'd never have imagined it, and I don't think anyone even could. Da, there are so many things I want to tell you! About Rivendell, and staying there with the elves for nigh on two months - oh, they were lovely to us there, and so kind, and I liked that better, I reckon, than almost anywhere except for Lorien, and we stayed there a month, and that's an elven-home, too, but so much bad stuff had happened to us then. There were nine of us who left Rivendell to go on that journey - Mr. Frodo and me, of course, and his cousins. Mr. Gandalf came too, and so did the King - only he weren't King yet, and we called him Strider - his name's Aragorn, and yes, sir, I do show proper respect, only I admit that the first time we met I did threaten him, because we didn't know who he was from Tom and I thought he meant to do Mr. Frodo an injury. But he's been real good to Mr. Frodo ever since, so there ain't been no trouble between us from then out. There was another man, a man from here, this city, place called Minas Tirith, the oldest son of the Steward. Boromir. I'll tell you a lot more about him in another letter, I think, or around the fire when I get home. Probably both. He's not a lot like his younger brother Faramir. If their places had'a been changed I don't know that Mr. Frodo or I would be here now. But he was good to Mr. Merry and Mr. Pippin, and some things are meant to be, I reckon. The last two were an elf and a dwarf. Legolas and Gimli, they're called. And all kinds of things kept happening, real bad things - snowy weather, and we almost froze, and we had to go through these awful dark mines, and - we lost Gandalf - even now I can't stand to think about it. I can't. And I ain't hardly seen Master so broken up. I tried to do what I could for him, but it never did feel like enough. Don't think it ever will. Anyhow, from the time we left Lorien it keeps getting more and more complicated, and I don't want to get this letter too awful of a mess. I'm sure whomever's reading it to you thinks I'm cracked in the head as it is. But it's all true, plain as the nose on my face, or I'm not Samwise Gamgee. The short of it all is