Title: Kindred Spirits Author: Frodo Baggins of Bag End (FBoBE/"Febobe") Rating: PG (K+) Warnings: Angst. Characters: Frodo, Eowyn, occasionally others. Summary: Written for the 20 Rings challenge, set 1, this series of short ficlets (half-drabbles, three-quarter drabbles, drabbles, and the like) follows Eowyn and Frodo in an AU post-Quest scenario. Notes: This is, of all my work, one of the collections or pieces I have most enjoyed writing. I love it better than almost anything else I have written, with few exceptions, and I hope you will enjoy it as well. I may post more challenge work in the future; in fact, it's quite probable, but to date this is my only complete set...and my best work. I hope you enjoy reading as much as I enjoyed writing it. UNDER THE SKY Because it is good for you , the healers say, so at their urging Eowyn wanders under the war-torn skies of Minas Tirith, walking alone in the gardens of the Houses of Healing. She cannot think what good it does her to look upon so much darkness and destruction. Yet she is there on the day they return, looking down from the ramparts as they are brought in: the Ringbearers, one sturdy and staunch and already beginning to stir. . .the other skeletal and spectral and white as death itself. From o'erhead she watches, herself a ghostly figure high above them. WALL The wall of Eowyn's room is the wall of Frodo's room - so the pallid little Ringbearer is named, for so Merry tells her when he visits, speaking in tears of his cousins and companion. She needed not Merry's confirmation that their rooms share a wall, however, for she has eyes and ears, and can hear the king and the wizard singing foreign songs over him, smell the strange wild fragrance of kingsfoil - now like apples and mushrooms, rain and the air of the Sea, all mingled into one deep intoxicating inhalation. She can hear him talking now, too, though his voice is faint - for he has awakened at last, much to the joy of his companions and caregivers. It is a voice hollow, gaunt with exhaustion, spent beyond imagination. A voice like her own. And when at night he does not sleep, twisting restlessly in soft sheets and blankets, she takes her own cover from the bed and goes to the wall, settling herself into a chair against the hard surface, wrapping up against the strange cold that would chill her feet and hands, as it does every night now. A long time ago, in a land not far from here. . . How far? A full three days' ride, but less if you don't stop for meals. She wonders whether he can hear her smile. In that land lived a handsome prince, the son of an aged but very dignified king. . . . In very little time his breathing evens, slows; he is asleep at last. . .and Eowyn, too, can sleep, golden head leaning against the wall until morning. IN A DREAM When Frodo sleeps, his dreams are nightmares, shadows of thirst and darkness and flame. When Eowyn sleeps, her dreams are nightmares, hissing whispers of rumour and falsehood, words of torment. When they dream rare dreams of sweet peace, each dreams of the voice on the other side of the wall. WAITING Never has Eowyn waited well. Her patience is not that of a mare, but of a colt or a young filly, eager to stretch its legs and burst forth to gallop wild and free upon the meadow. But today she must still wait. . .even now, freed from the healers' tethers, dressed in the richest of finery - clothes fitting indeed for a king's sister, and far more elaborate than her usual wont. And even so, when the waiting is over, it will not be the same, for they know from the bard's visits that they must be Frodo of the Nine Fingers and Eowyn the White Lady. So they will wait until all the crowds have gone, till supplicants follow King Elessar away, till the Ringbearer's friends are pressed to return to their own lodging for the night. . .and then for a moment, stolen if need be, they shall be Frodo and Eowyn and the voices on either side of the wall and the stories that drive away the dark and the cold. LEGEND It is astonishment enough to see one another at last, creatures of story as they are, tales carried by Merry between their rooms, for Aragorn will not permit Frodo to have visitors yet, nor will he allow him to leave his room. Not until now. She smiles, for she needs no help from Merry to recognise him: he is still too like the nearly-dead, too-still figure carried into the Houses weeks earlier, despite considerable improvement in his colour, and the fact that he walks unaided. He smiles, and the crowd cheers. . .but only she sees that his eyes meet hers, after some searching, and only then does the smile light up the diminuitive face. She is so like Merry's stories: tall and regal as a queen, hair like lightest honey. . .but her eyes. . .surely the Sea must be like those eyes, so deep and unfathomable. And his smile broadens to see her mouth open in astonishment when the bard ends his song about Frodo of the Nine Fingers only to beg leave to sing once again. . .this time of Eowyn the White Lady, Vanquisher of Evil, and the Witch-King of Angmar. King Eomer himself weeps, and there is none among the audience left unmoved. Only Frodo sees the tears glimmer in Eowyn's eyes. . .and with them, pride. . .even joy. SONG Not all Arwen's elven gifts fade: still she hears the songs of living things. Frodo's song is one of pain and fear, of shadow and darkness and exhaustion, of hurts even before Mordor's pains tormented him: the Witch-King's blade, even the loss of his beloved parents as a young child. Yet there are mithril-threads woven throughout the melody, and a few remaining threads of his old life: the familiar scent of baked apples and warm seed-cakes and mugs of ale on a winter's night, the sound of Bilbo's beloved voice ("Frodo, my lad!") and Sam's soothing tones ("There now, Mr. Frodo - ") and the young, ribald laughter of Merry and Pippin. These hold it fast. For now. But the dark and bittersweet threads of shadow and sorrow are strong. . .and will, Arwen deems, grow stronger with each passing month. Eowyn's song is one of pain and longing, of bitterness and sorrow and weariness. . .yet woven within are the warm scents of hops and clover, of the wind on a summer's day, the sound of horses neighing and Eomer's rich laughter. As with all the Atani, there is, too, a bittersweet thread: the much-missed sound of Theodred's warm voice, Theoden's fine, proud tones in happier days. . .the voices of her dear parents, many years dead now. Deep pain stains the melody: though her love for Estel has changed, love which once burns leaves behind burn-scars. There is even a dark gash left, not unlike that left in Frodo's song, by the Witch-King: even dead, he has left behind an indestructible legacy. Yet strong silver threads, true and fine, hold fast her song: she is of stern stuff, this one, daughter of Glorfindel's prophecy. She will endure. Strangely, though. . .there seems now a thread of each within the other. . . . BEGINNING They talk so much that everyone notices. Pippin titters, stopped only by sharp elbowing from Merry, who is the cause of their being seated beside one another: Frodo should by rights have been put beside the king, and would have, but Merry is neither blind nor deaf, and being not dumb he has made it known that Frodo and Eowyn ought not to be separated at the feast. So at Aragorn's right hand sits Arwen, and to her right, Frodo, and to his, the White Lady. Sam sits by Eowyn, his fears of Frodo talking more than eating allayed by the occasional sounds of gentle coaxing from both ladies, who do their best to draw the Ringbearer's attention long enough to get some of the rich food down his throat. But it is more than mere conversation. Eowyn pinks, and her laughter is heard to rise above the din - laughter that has not been heard in longer than anyone can recall. Frodo smiles, like sunshine after storms, and life seems to return to his gaze. For dessert there are glazed strawberries, an extra-special treat, so difficult to prepare that these are for only the head table. Frodo and Eowyn feed each berries as if no one else in the world were watching, and Frodo laughs when a burst of berry sends juice running down his small cleft chin. Watching, Arwen nudges her husband gently, but he is already looking on with a warm smile. Today is the beginning of joy. STONE Eowyn's heart has been stone for so long she fears it might shatter. But on the king's daily visit to her room, she gathers all her courage and pours it out as best she can, asking aid in ending the separation between them. The healers will obey his orders. They will not obey hers. She is still confined to the Houses of Healing, for she does not regain flesh swiftly enough, and even Eomer will not plead her case, for in truth she does not eat, and they both know it. Frodo is not yet well enough to leave: a good day here and there do not health make, and today is not a good day. This she knows, for he has murmured to her through the wall in drowsy tones at intervals. Yet her heart soars when he consents. A little time for his visit to Frodo - time enough to brush her hair so that it falls in thick, glossy waves down her back, to put on a simple but fresh dress of cornflower blue, to wash her face again. He is in bed when she arrives - he feels too ill today to get up, Aragorn (for still she thinks of him, not as King Elessar so much as Aragorn) whispers in confirmation to her before she goes in, explaining that he is indeed well enough to receive visitors, only weak and tired. In bed he looks even smaller, leaf-shaped ears delicately pointed at the tips, ebon curls dark as midnight tumbling over the snowy pillow. She sits carefully upon the bed beside him at his gesture. . .but when they are alone, they say nothing, only remain in peaceful silence, she stroking his dark curls, he gazing up at her through eyes sea-troubled and bluer than her gown. BUTTERFLY I want only to be a butterfly. Why? Butterflies are free. They fly unfettered by worries or troubles. Or broken bodies. Yes. Then I should like to be one also. Laughter. We could fly away together, you and I. Oh, I should like that - very much! Then let's! Soft sighing. TREE They bring Frodo his luncheon-tray while Eowyn is there. They offer to bring hers, but she refuses, as usual; she has eaten fruit at breakfast to appease Eomer during his visit, and the thought of eating again now seems unpleasant. Frodo seems no more interested in food than she does. Examining his tray to better coax him, she can see why: Aragorn has allowed the healers to supervise his diet, and so there is a clear broth, arrowroot porridge, and chamomile tea. An unappetizing meal indeed. No. Memories flash through Eowyn's mind so swiftly that she wants to shake her head to send them away. Theoden king as he began to falter, becoming frail. No. . . . Theodred, as he lay