Title: Cormallen Author: Frodo Baggins of Bag End (FrodoAtBagEnd) Characters: Aragorn, Gandalf, Sam, Merry, Pippin, Gimli, Legolas Rating: PG. Feedback: Welcomed. Constructive only, please. . .no flaming. Summary: The thoughts of the Fellowship at the Feast of Cormallen... Story Notes/Announcements: This story, originally written for a Marigold challenge, is a 2005 Middle-Earth Fanfiction Awards nominee. :) In other news, "Counterpane" will soon be updated; I expect to finish the story this month. "What May Come" will be updated in June. Other short fics will be posted as well. For the latest in fic updates, please feel free to stop by http/ permission to reproduce or archive this work in whole or in part, please contact febobe at yahoo dot com. DISCLAIMER: The characters, places, and story of The Lord of the Rings are the property of J.R.R. Tolkien and consequently of the Tolkien Estate, with select rights by Tolkien Enterprises. This piece appears purely as fanfiction and is not intended to claim ownership of Tolkien's work in any way. Please e-mail me if you have concerns. Original characters are my own work; please do not use my creations in your work. Please respect my original contributions. Furthermore, please do NOT consider any treatments or remedies within this story safe or effective for use: these are included as fictitious hobbit care, not real human medical practice, and while some can indeed be traced to actual therapeutic practices, could be dangerous. Please consult your health care professional before treating yourself or others for any condition or symptom. CORMALLEN But when, after the Standing Silence, wine was brought there came in two esquires to serve the kings; or so they seemed to be: one was clad in the silver and sable of the Guards of Minas Tirith, and the other in white and green. But Sam wondered what such young boys were doing in an army of mighty men. Then suddenly as they drew near and he could see them plainly, he exclaimed: 'Why, look Mr. Frodo! Look here! Well, if it isn't Pippin. Mr. Peregrin Took I should say, and Mr. Merry! How they have grown! Bless me! But I can see there's more tales to tell than ours.' Glass: Aragorn's Tale Glass. My foster-father had had a small glass figurine, masterfully crafted with the skill that only elves have, of his wife, the Lady Celebrian. It had been begun and completed in the final months before she sailed West, many centuries before my conception. As a child I was fascinated by it, and so it was a special treat for him to take it down from its high shelf in a locked cabinet, taken from a locked room on a locked corridor, rooms to which no one but Ada carried the keys, and hold it, turning it over in his hands while I stared in fascination, scarcely daring to breathe, one of my foster-brothers holding me in his lap. I had never seen those corridors unlocked for longer than the moment necessary to do this, and our time was always brief. Never. Until my return to Imladris only - was it only a few months ago? - with Frodo. And suddenly the wonders of those rooms were opened to me for the first time in my life, for my foster-father took the little one to them: they were open and aired for him, prepared with all that one might need to care for the sick. At once he seemed to breathe a little easier: we could at least tell that he yet lived, though it seemed unlikely that he would last long. Wonders never cease. But for all the chatter of the other three, music though that too is to my ears, I have not been able to take my eyes from him since I saw him run to me. My heart laughed, and sang with joy. But there is a chill, and an ache that o'erhangs my spirit, for now I know what it was I recognised in the little one. He reminds me of the glass figurine I so loved as a child. "This is a very fine likeness of her," Elrond would muse, tracing the features to point them out to me. "Not as she was in her lightest days, before the Shadow dimmed her spirit, but as she was after her wound. . ." And he would hesitate, as if the words still hurt him. "When it became too difficult for her to remain. When she. . .was already beginning to leave us." I need not wait for his arrival to confirm what I see before me. And it breaks my heart. The Saviour of all Middle-earth, broken and shattered beyond repair. Watching him as he smiles, embracing his cousins, letting them serve him, picking out the best treats for his plate, and yet. . .seeing him struggle as they continue to talk, scarcely able to feed himself. . .I realise the truth. I cannot stop it. Nor could I have prevented it. But I will do all that I can for him. That much is possible, for what little it is. . . . And with that, I turn to call over another of those helping to serve, whispering to them, never taking my eyes from Frodo. I fear I have so little time left as it is. I want to memorise all that I can, so that my children will know the truth of their saviour, though they will never meet him, save by some mysterious plan of Eru unknown to us all someday. So little time left. Beards: Gandalf's Considerations Old man's beard - that was its name. The herb which Aragorn dosed Frodo with in massive amounts of tincture, cleansing his wounds with it, administering it to him with a medicine-dropper such as one might use with an infant, trickling diluted medicine down the seared throat. I had to hold him, for he would struggle, choking and coughing faintly, too weak to expel the poisons from his lungs. But even early on, still deathly ill in the grip of high fever and delirium that not even the healing sleep could assuage, he would nestle a little against my beard, as he had when I visited Bilbo during his childhood and he had been fascinated by so much facial hair, particularly on someone with no hair to speak of on his feet. "Gandalf, such a great long beard you have! How do you eat soup? Don't crumbs get caught in it? Have you ever lost anything in there?" "Frodo!" Bilbo laughed, but reddened, blushing. "I'm sorry, Gandalf. The lad's just excited - he's never - well - seen a beard before, you know. It's his first time visiting when I've had any company besides hobbits." "Quite all right, Bilbo. Very good questions those are, in fact, young Frodo. . ." Raising my eyebrows, I waggled them at the hobbit-lad in my lap for effect, laughing as he beamed. . . . He had been so young still, then. And that had haunted me ever since I took him down, cradled him. . .that it had been one of the children we had sacrificed. There was no other way, Olorin. No. But that way was darkness, and that way was death, and an innocent hobbit suffered for it. And for that. . . We must wait. There is much to be done, and I cannot yet speak of it. But already plans were being laid in the autumn for what would come, and now, with the spring, they will ripen and blossom, and we will pluck them, claiming them and placing the fruit in Frodo's lap. It is my dream that he will be at peace. It is, I believe possible. But not here. Frodo, forgive me. I had no choice. Water: Sam's Spirit There now, Master. . .look, an ice-cold water-pitcher, right there; there's all you could want to drink and more. . .plenty of it there. . . . I can't stop watching him. Even now, I can't stop the urge to press him to drink, to coax him to take something to eat, even though I can tell by the tired set of his shoulders he don't feel like it. He ate all right enough earlier, when we had that bit of a meal after washing up and dressing, but I think today's done gone and tired him out, and what he wants is bed and soup with meat and vegetables cut up into tiny tender bits in it, not pieces on a plate. Mashed, soft stuff, too - like the applesauce he loves so much, something like that. Not that beggars can be choosers, mind you, but for all this fine feast, I'd rather have Mr. Frodo back in bed with some good hearty Shire vegetable soup or my Mam's chicken soup, applesauce, and some honey custard. A good hot posset, or at least wine mulled with spices and warmed 'stead of plain, like this - not that it don't seem grand and wonderful, mind you. But that'd do him more good than all this finery put together. What he wants is home - but there's so much that at least now I can begin to give him again. "Sam?" I turn, and he's looking at me kind of shyly - Mr. Merry and Mr. Pippin are arguing about something for a moment, real good-naturedly, and Master's leaned over to whisper shyly, looking all guilty. "Please - I - I don't think I can manage the pitcher steadily enough - If I hold my cup, will - will you - please? I'm so thirsty - " Bless him, but he wants more - "Of course, sir." I take the pitcher carefully in my hands, steadying it to fill his cup. "There you are. Nice and cold, isn't it? Plenty more where that came from, when you want it." Eagerly he brings the cup to his lips, beginning to sip thirstily, nodding. And he smiles a little. Water and light. And Master smiling. This could be the most beautiful day in the world. I don't reckon I thought I'd ever see any of those things again, and here they all are, together at once. Herbs and Heartstrings: Merry's Story Oh, Frodo. Even as Sam exclaimed I saw you. . .quiet and shining-eyed, that much unsurprising as ever. . .but even after the few times they've allowed me to see you, my heart stops now, and my arms ache to drop every dish and hold you tightly. . .and yet I fear at the same time you would shatter. A mark of how ill you've been - Sam already smells of green grass and sunshine again, yet when I gather you close you still carry the scent of herbs, of athelas and old man's beard, of coneflower and boneset and white willow bark, and I think of how some of the tinctures make you so sick at your stomach. . .and smile as I finally catch a hint of ginger. Thank goodness for ginger; it always has helped you there, and though I know Aragorn dared not give it when your fever was at its worst, for fear it inflame the heat further, it comforts me to know that you had ginger as you were coming closer to waking, as your fever broke, when you might become conscious enough to recognise the feeling of sickness. . . . Sometimes, cousin, I wonder what all you have spared us. In the dark hours at first it began to grow upon my mind, and that was when I began to learn the names of herbs. . .but even then it preyed upon me. Usnea - old man's beard - useful for wound-infections, and for pneumonia. It can be made into a tea or a tincture; use the tincture on the wounds or internally - or both. Give the tea by mouth. If it hurt so