I just got through reading the Lord of the Rings and watched all the films and I LOVED it! The only thing that I would have changed is I didn't want Sam to marry Rosie, I wanted him to go on more adventures with Frodo or at least go with him across the sea to the Undying Lands. Frodo and Sam belong together! I'd just like to say as well, I don't hate Rosie, I'm sorry if she comes across as a bitch in this at all, I'm not a Rosie-hater. (Just resentful towards her for taking Sam away from Frodo...) WARNING! This is a fic involving romance between two males, don't like, don't read. Simple. AND There is a graphic sex scene in this fic, I will mark it clearly for you so if you don't want to read anything rated as mature then you can skip it and you won't really miss out on the story. Italic = Thoughts **** = Change in scene or time ^^^^= I will put this at the start of the sex scene and then once more when the graphic stuff is over. You have been clearly warned so anyone who flames because of the sex scene will have me being pissy at them. So if you don't want to read it stop reading at the first ^^^^ and read again at the second ^^^^ This is getting far too long an author's note. Enjoy and remember to review please! Frodo battled with all his might against the tears that were threatening to spill from his eyes and instead forced a smile onto his face. This was it, his best friend and secret love, Samwise Gamgee, had just married Rosie Cotton. Frodo's hands felt numb as he clapped them together, congratulating the couple; he managed to keep a brave face as his world crumbled down around him. His blue eyes met the hazel orbs of Sam as he turned to his master, hoping to share some of his happiness with him. Frodo tired to return the smile, but he knew that Sam wouldn't buy it and from the flicker of concern that flashed across his face Frodo knew he was right. But before Sam could do anything else his attention was brought back to his new wife as she flung her arms around his neck and pressed her lips hard against his. This was too much for Frodo and although he felt awful for leaving, the occasion was just too painful for the hobbit. He turned to Merry beside him and told him he wasn't feeling too well and was going to go and get some water and as he made his way to the back of the field where the drinks were he slipped out of the gate and ran back to Bag End, his home which he shared with Sam and now Rosie. He locked himself in his study. He sat there for three hours, tears pouring down his soft, white cheeks the whole time. It now had to be somewhere around ten o'clock at night by Shire reckoning. Frodo lifted his heavy head from his hands as he heard noises at the front door, voices whispering and giggling: Sam and Rosie. Frodo knew what was going to happen next and as the newlywed couple made their way to their bedroom Frodo picked up a book and tried desperately to immerse himself in the story, hoping to block out any sounds from outside his study. But reading didn't have the desired effect; before long, grunts and moans were coming from down the hall as the couple gave their virginity and explored and loved one another. It was too much for Frodo and as Rosie gave a final scream Frodo could no longer hold back his emotions and wept. He wept for the loss of his friend to another person and for his love for Sam that he knew would never be requited. All night as the Shire slept in peace and contentment Frodo sat in his study, drowning in his misery. As the sun rose over the fresh green hills and the birds chirped gaily in their trees Frodo lifted his head from his desk, awakening from an uncomfortable, fitful slumber. He had slept for only a couple of hours and all while he dozed he dreamt of Sam. He dreamt of when he and his golden haired friend were in Mordor; he dreamt of all the times he thought he couldn't go any further and in his dream he remembered that at every difficult point Sam would be the reason he would carry on. With his comfort, loyalty and support Frodo felt he could do anything. He dreamt of when it was over and he and Sam where in Ithilien with the rest of the company and of the long hours he and Sam would spend walking in the forests and gardens, often hand in hand, neither believing that the horrors of Sauron were over. Frodo felt sad to wake from his memories of Ithilien but he could not cry; it seemed that he had exhausted all his tears last night. The hobbit lifted himself from his chair, his joints clicking as he moved and stretched. He walked out of his study and towards the kitchen, praying that the couple had not yet woken. Unfortunately his praying was in vain, sat at a cooking pot was Sam, cooking some delicious smelling soup. The plump hobbit turned his head towards the door as he heard the faint footfalls coming towards the kitchen and was pleased and strangely nervous to see his best friend Frodo appear through the archway. He gave him his warmest smile and patted the chair opposite him, inviting Frodo to join him. Frodo hesitated for a moment, shifting from one foot to the other, before sitting in the seat Sam had offered him. They sat in silence for a while, both had something to say but neither knew where to start, how to say it or whether they should it at all. Eventually Frodo asked in a small voice "where's Rosie?" Sam exhaled gently. "She's still in bed; it was a tiring day yesterday with the wedding 'n' all." Sam paused, not sure whether he should say more or not, but decided he need to ask. "Would 'ave enjoyed the day a whole lot more if yer'd stuck around for the party." Frodo looked at Sam's eyes for the first time that day and felt genuinely bad for leaving. "Oh, I'm really sorry, Sam, it was lovely to see you get married, but I was feeling very ill so I thought I had best take myself back home to have some rest." He felt awful for lying but he couldn't bear to tell Sam the real reason for his leaving. "Yeah," Sam replied, "Merry said you weren't feeling too well." "I would have told you myself that I was going to leave but you were so happy and busy with other hobbits that I didn't want to drag you away from them or waste any of your time." Frodo looked down at the floor, hoping to hide his glistening, tear filled eyes. "No, no Mr. Frodo," Sam grabbed both of his master's hands with both of his own, making Frodo lift his face up again and their eyes reconnected. "Frodo, you could never waste any of my time, I cherish every moment spent with you and out of all the people at the wedding you're the one I wanted to spend my time with." "Well, not all of the people at the wedding." "What do yer mean?" "Rosie?" Sam paused for a moment as if he had completely forgotten about her. "Oh... oh, right, yeah, well of course I wanted to spend time with her... I-I meant apart from h-her." A blush appeared upon his cheeks as he continued to gaze at Frodo. But Frodo had lowered his head again, tears very almost spilling from his eyes. For a moment there he had actually believed the Sam wanted to spend more time with him than with Rosie. But of course he was wrong. Why would he ever come first? He wasn't important enough to anyone to be first and foremost in their minds and it was foolish of him to think that Sam had actually wanted him at his side more than his bride! And his folly thinking had now brought on a new wave of tears. He suddenly felt work-worn hands against his cheeks as Sam lifted Frodo's face to look at him once more. Sam's chest constricted painfully at the sight of tears running down Frodo's porcelain skin. "Frodo," he said, brushing a rough yet soft thumb across the hobbit's cheek, wiping away the tears, "tell yer Sam what's the matter." Sam brought their faces close together and rested his forehead against Frodo's, breathing in the fresh, sweet scent of his master. The most wonderful scent in all of Middle-Earth . Then blushing at his thoughts he made sure to correct himself quickly, no... not Frodo's, Rosie's scent is the best... Even as he thought this he guiltily became aware of the pain in his heart and knew he was lying to himself. Mr. Frodo's scent is awfully nice. Frodo tried to steady his breathing, hoping this would lessen the flow of tears. "Nothing's the matter, Samwise, I'm happy for you." Sam waited for him to say more, but he didn't, so Sam instead pressed his lips against Frodo's forehead and whispered, loud enough for him to hear, "my dear Frodo." He then pulled back and wiped away more tears that had escaped Frodo's startling blue eyes. He went back to preparing the soup. "Would you like some breakfast, Mr. Frodo?" "No thank you, Sam." And with that Frodo stood up and went back into his study and locked himself away to tend once again to his broken heart. It had been four weeks since the wedding of Samwise Gamgee and Rosie Cotton and it was now the summer of the year 1420. In the weeks since the wedding Frodo had been able to somewhat adapt to the new living situation. Of course it still pained him greatly to see Sam give his love and affections to someone other than himself and he would much prefer it if Rosie had never some into their lives and for it to be just him and Sam but Frodo couldn't deny his most beloved friend his happiness with his new wife. And Frodo was surprised to find that although Sam was now married he did still devote a lot of his time to Frodo; Sam offered to teach Frodo a thing or two about gardening, so now and then Frodo joined Sam in the garden or even went to jobs with him as his assistant. Frodo was very grateful for Sam for not ignoring him and for continuing to involve Frodo in his life, but Frodo was still afraid that as time would pass and children would be born that he and Sam would grow apart as more of Sam's time would be taken up by his family. Frodo knew this was inevitable and it caused him a lot of grief and sadness to think about it, so he didn't think about it too much, he just tried to enjoy his Sam as much as he could, while he still could. Sometimes Frodo wondered what life would have been like if he had been born a female. Would Sam love him then? Would they grow old together and have a family of their own? Frodo liked to think so, but somewhere even in the back of his mind he knew that even if he was a girl Sam still wouldn't love him the way he loved Sam. I guess it's just not meant to be he thought. That night was old Lindo's ninety-ninth birthday party, she was a chirpy