Title: Payphone Summary: So let me give you a short rundown. Annabeth and I have been together for what? Seven years now? And in that long seven years, this is our first fight. Not kidding. We exchanged some... words, and next thing I know she kicks me out. So here I am, at a payphone, trying to call her. So far, I'm on dollar number 12 and she still hasn't picked up. And to be honest, I don't know if she'll ever. Hey guys! So obviously, this song was inspired by Maroon 5's song Payphone. I don't own that btw, I also don't own Percy Jackson. Honestly, this can be long or short. So lets just see where the night takes us. _-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-So let's do this-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_ Percy's PoV It's been a long long day. At work, I got framed for spilling the printer ink and got the price deducted from my pay. I hate this job. I mean, Percy Jackson, demigod, ADHD victim, dyslexic, working a nine to five job a Olympian Paper Company? Are you kidding me? So I've been having a bad day. All I want to do is come home to Annabeth and my two sons, Charlie and Luke. I pulled the Prius up our suburban driveway. Did I mention how much I wanted to live in the city? But Annabeth said "It's best for Charlie to grow up in a safe and positive environment," and "It's close to camp anyway" Pshh... downtown Manhattan is totally safe. Except at night, then it gets crazy dangerous with all the freaks and monster hanging around. And it's totally positive, everywhere you go, the people are kind and loving and stuff. Just kidding. Everywhere you drive all you hear is, "HEY! I'M WALKING HERE!" and various cars honking. It gets annoying when it's rush hour and some stupid people think it's a good idea to walk over every road in the whole of freaking Manhattan. Like, are you Forrest Gump or something? No? Then don't. I don't mean to be rude or anything, but like I said, bad day. I walked in, set my computer case down, and took off my shoes. What a long walk to the garage. The walk is never long in an apartment, just saying. My feet felt heavenly when I took off the sweaty, slightly small shoes and set them down at the front door entrance. Annabeth would disapprove of my actions completely. They don't call me Persassy for no reason. Sighing, I leaned back against the cool door. It felt so good and I just want to- "DADDY!" I shot up, my demigod senses on edge, only to be greeted by what seemed like a small animal attacking me. I swear on the River Styx almost grabbed Riptide before realising the it was just Luke, my son. Luke is three and a half and has golden, wavy-ish blonde hair. Kind of like mine, always looked windswept and ruffled. His eyes were a fresh, shimmering sea-green. Looking at my eyes without mirror, I've come to see why many people love them. He tackled me and grabbed a fistful of my hair. That's a shame though, I thought he knew better than to mess with Persassy Jackson. I judo flipped him (but lightly, so he doesn't get hurt or anything), which I learned from Annabeth, and pinned him to the ground. I then tickled him until he ran off in a laughing fit. Charlie was in close suite. He was only one and 10 months. And had short, raven black hair like his devilishly handsome father, and brilliant grey eyes. I love his eyes more than anything. He walked kind of weird, with his legs spread out but I just think that's cute. Annabeth wants to correct it. Well smiled and did his best to run up to me. Did I mention that this kid was crazy smart. He could already talk a little and learns commands on the spot. And he is resourceful too. He uses his cuteness against him. And leave it to Percy Jackson to get fooled by someone who isn't even in PreK yet. He slowed down his own pace when he approached me, and held out his arms for a hug. I automatically held out mine too, as a natural hug from this kid was highly unlikely. He quickly slammed his small hands onto either side of my face, and pushed me down with his body weight. I had to give it to this kid, I was surprised. I tumbled back, slamming my dome on the door and almost getting knocked out. Charlie giggled a bit and got off me, as if satisfied with his work and hobbled off. I swear these kids are more tiring than monster attacks. I heaved myself up with a huge yawn, and sneaked through the living room to find this heavenly smell coming from the kitchen. There were three heads bobbing around the counter. One of them a slick, dark chocolatey brown hair is perfect curls that I know and love so much, my mom, another was a huge curly mess of auburn red hair. There only one person that could belong to, obviously. The third was a shiny, jet black, spiky mass of….well, spikiness. A grin spread across my face. I slowly approached them, set on a huge surprise. Then my plan was diabolically foiled by a certain blonde. Before I knew it, I was flipped, looking up at the beautiful Annabeth who I was happy to call my wife. "Hey honey, I'm home." I placed a chaste kiss on her lips. "Get out! Percy don't you know how to knock?! You're so stupid!" She rambled on and on, listing things I did wrong. "Well that a nice greeting," I mumbled, almost to myself. "You know, the kitchen has no door, and I came back quite loudly judging that these two," I gestured to Charlie and Luke who looked up, identical lopsided grins spreading across their faces, before turning back to watching Go Diego Go! " greeted me quite stridently," I finished. I smiled at my use of the amazing word. While Annabeth's face dropped, her eyes shining with a clear emotion, maybe fear, disappointment? Wait… urgency. It was urgency and nervousness. Her face then quickly contorted into anger. "Well perhaps if you addressed me conventionally, instead of being abstruse, I could've appropriately made a rejoinder." Well obviously, I lost the word fight. Ignoring her confusing use of big words, I sniffed the air which was still full of that godly smell. "What are you doing anyway?" I inquired, getting up, and continued making my way to the counter. "Nothing! Get out! You're home early anyway. Go teach Luke and CJ some sword fighting or something." She nervously glanced to the counter. "Yeah! They have always wanted to learn and stuff so you should really go and take them outside to the park to do it because, um, our neighbor's neighbor is sleeping and you guys are pretty loud and while you're at it get the car washed and buy some eggs and bread and other stuff from, um, Texas so we can do have girls night out here and watch chick flicks! Alone!" She rambled while slowly pushing me out the door and handing me Charlie and Luke. Gods, is she a bad actor or what? Annabeth, the grammar queen making a run on sentence? Woah. Something must be up. "Ok just make sure you-" I started before being shoved out the door. "Bye!" She slammed the door in my face, leaving me outside alone with Luke and CJ. All our faces broke out into identical grins. I pulled out Riptide, while Luke pulled out his sword, Tearwave, which is basically a replica of mine, except it turns into and electric red gel pen. It was from Chiron for his third birthday, also his third summer at camp. We sparred, me making sure to not injure him at all and him making sure to try to injure me as hard as he could. It's harder than you think, I also had to dodge Charlie (CJ) who was running around clapping to the sound of our swords clashing together. At last, when I finally pinned him to the ground, the tip of Riptide and neck point, he rolled over. That may sound fine, but I wasn't. I made the mistake of bringing Riptide a the point to him, thinking he knew better than to make sudden movements, but apparently, he didn't. He rolled over, making a huge gash on his upper bicep, crying out in pain, and keeling over. Annabeth's PoV So today is Percy's birthday, and I'm working with Ms. Jackson, my mother-in-law. Well I should call her Sally since we're both adults and technically, I'm Mrs. Jackson so…. Anyways, It's Percy's birthday and Ms. Jackson was kind enough to give me her blue birthday cake secret family recipe. She said I was family, so I accepted. I called over Rachel and Thalia and we were making the cake together. Then Percy had to ruin it all by coming in early and stuff and following the smell and ugh. I managed to shove him out with the kids and finish in time. By the time I put it in the oven, the girls had already left. "Love you Annabeth!" Sally cooed. "Nothing funny tonight, remember," Thalia smirked, leaving my face red hot. "Have fun!" Rachel said, slightly bitter, but no ulterior motives. The cake was ready and I got this perfect present and I really am the most amazing wife ever. Just as I finished frosting the cake, I heard a cry coming from outside. This idiot. I rushed out to find Percy and CJ with shocked faces and Luke writhing on the floor with deep gash in his arm. I froze then unfroze immediately knowing that my baby needed my help. I rushed to his side, ambrosia and nectar at the ready and fed into him. The cut healed immediately, but it still needed to heal on the inside, which could be easily fixed with some bedrest. I took him to his room and laid him down in the blue sheets, and covered him. Once that was taken care of I decided that it was time CJ go to sleep and put him in his crib. He fell asleep immediately. He is so cute when he sleeps No, stop it. And he's obedient too. STOP IT HEAD. I stormed downstairs to find Percy with his head in his hands, on our blue loveseat in the living room. This is no time for comfort. He was being careless and if I had'nt been here… now not the time to think about that. He turned to face me. "Annabeth I-" "What were you thinking?!" My voice was shaky and tired. "He could have died! I mean did you see that cut?! He could've been terribly hurt! Or worse! I definately going to scar!" I practically screamed. "It was an accident! And ambrosia gets rid of scars also, and I know where stash is! I could've fed it to him anyways!" "How could you be so dumb? YOu so careless with them anyways! Always throwing CJ around and stuff. You're going to kill them and-" He stood up. "ARE YOU SERIOUSLY CRAZY? I WOULD NEVER KILL THEM I'M A FREAKING HERO FOR THE GODS' SAKE!" "Well you've sure let a lot of your comrades die. Selena, Bianca, Charlie, Luke and so many more! Like Bob! How do you think he feels knowing you betrayed him for the last time! Huh percy? How?" I immediately regretted the words that came out of my mouth. He looked surprised, then scared, then sad, and then all at once, his eyes faded. Losing complete faith in me. "How about you?" He asked "You're the reason Fredrick is dead. You're the reason that he can't even see his own grandchildren."