Child's Toy Chapter 1: I'm an Eighth Grader, With An Agent Let's start! :D Annabeth's PoV My eyes fluttered open and I lazily gazed at the clock which read 7:30. And then I let them flutter closed again. You know those moments when you have homework, and then you forget and the second you get into bed, you remember? Yeah I hate those moments, but that's exactly what I had at that second. I mean, if the clock said 7:30 then that could only mean. . . I'm late for school. I shot up in my bed and grabbed the alarm clock to get a better look at it. It really was seven thirty. I darted down two floors into the family common room where my mother, Susan Chase was resting, reading yesterday's newspaper. Wait, did I mention that my mother is the Susan Chase, award-winning novelist? Susan Chase adopted me after finding me in some random bush on the side of the road. She always wore these crazy hats and today day she just happened to be wearing a little model of a tree for Miko, our pet chipmunk, to sit in. So she's weird, but I love her. She also had these little red and yellow plastic hammers which are perfect for hitting me in the head. They scrunch up when they hit you, so they don't hurt, but with enough force behind them, they can leave this dull pain that is really annoying. Anyways, I ran up to her and immediately started yelling. "Mom, Mom, why didn't you wake me up!? Now I'm running late for school! You could have just woke me up, Just five minutes early. . ." I kept ranting while she didn't even look up from the out-dated newspaper. When I finished flailing my arms and giving my throat a run for it's money I stormed away, leaving her alone in the living room and not wanting to hear a word of her author-like philosophy. I caught a glimpse of her just talking and talking and then she looked up to find no one there. It was actually kind of funny, but not funny enough for me to laugh because I was late and there was no time for that. I ran back up to my room and hurriedly washed my face, brushed my hair, put it up into a messy, curly ponytail, and got dressed. I wore a grey shirt that had my name and a picture of me printed on it, and baby blue white-wash jeans. As soon as those pants were over my hips, I half sprinted half slid down the halls of my mansion past my maid, Thelma, who I greeted with such volume that she dropped the vacuum and covered her ears. I never stopped sliding until my mom showed up with her little red and yellow hammer plastic hammer and hit me right in the forehead. Okay so more details about my mom. She has her little red hammer, her hats, and then her car. Like those little cars that little kids use that don't need pedals? Yeah, she has one. Except a mechanic souped it up and it could go really fast. Kind of like a real car, but for inside. I wasn't allowed to use it though because apparently it would make me 'lazy' and I would ruin my 'acting body'. Anyways, she took me by the hand and stuffed me into the car with her and drove me all the way back into the kitchen. "Mom, I'm already late please don't make me stay!" I screamed and tried to squirm myself out of the car, but no such luck. When we made our stop in the kitchen I saw a huge plate full of food. "Annabeth, it's your choice to get up late, but your mother is responsible and therefore it is my job to make you stay here. At least until you eat a proper breakfast," she said. This was crazy. I could just skip breakfast for one day, one day! I'm an actress! My life will inevitably be filled with long sleepless, foodless, nights that are just chock-full of coffee and Red Bull! But no, she has to sit me down for freakin' Frosted Flakes! "Alright, fine. I'll eat it then I'll go." I grumbled. I basically shoved all of it down my throat. And then showed her my clean plate. "Alright. You're excused." Mom said before I bolted down the hall to the garage, where I picked up a pair of white converse to start my walk to school. Until I saw Malcolm, my manager, chauffeur, and boyfriend, I might add. I started babbling to him about my lateness before he said, "Uh, I can drive?" I gasped. "Oh. My. God Malcolm!" I jumped up and wrapped my arms around his neck. " You're a life saver! I love you so, so much!" "Yeah. Okay." he replied. For a minute, I felt like was forgetting something, but then I figured out I wasn't, so jogged to catch up to Malcolm, who had already started walking to the car. "Be careful Malcolm, I know how much of a demon you are behind the wheel." Mother called out to us as Malcolm clicked the button to open the garage door. The door lifted and the sunlight came pouring into the dark garage. Malcolm held open the car door and I climbed in, he walked around the front of the car and climbed in himself. He turned the key and heard the engine start. And we started moving very, very slowly. What the heck? I asked him to drive because thought he would get me there faster, but he moving like, 1 mile per hour! "Can you go faster? There is exactly 74 seconds until school starts and we've barely backed out of the driveway." I glanced out the window. "There are literally people walking outside faster than us!" "Annabeth, I'm your manager, which means that it's my job to get you to and from school on a safe and reliable manner. And I take that job very seriously." I paused and stopped complaining. "Oh Malcolm." I smiled before grabbing his neck and pulling his into a hug. "I really do love you." Except Malcolm didn't want that. He crashed the car. Well, not really, but let's just say it was a really bumpy ride. And when we arrived, the car screeched to a stop and I hopped out. "Thanks for getting me to school in one peice Malcolm." "Yeah, well, you know it's my job to endure things like this," he panted. His suit was sliding down his shoulder on one arm and his tie was completely undone. I had already started walking toward the building at Olympic speeds before he stopped me. "Wait, Annabeth!" I whipped around. "Remember you have a live broadcast of Child's Toy after school. Once your last class is over I'll meet you here to drive-" "You got it!" I cut him off with a kiss on the cheek. I turned around and, once again, fast-walked towards the building. ~Linebreak~ ~In the hallway~ Everything had been fine up until a month or so ago when I changed up classes and became an eighth grader. However, my class in had a bit of a problem. I opened the door to find the usual chaos of our classroom. "Please stop! At least just put your desks back on the ground!" Mrs. Hestia yelled uselessly at the rowdy students. "It's math time! Well, actually we're thirty minutes late, come on kids just stop throwing things!" she whined again, but it was lost in the sea of airborne desks and loud laughs. After that she just started full-out crying. I walked around the perimeter of the classroom to avoid the drama that was going on in the middle. This was how it always was. The boys were always picking on Mrs. Hestia and it looked like it was getting worse by the day. She cried like a baby, but everyone still deserves at least a little respect. Especially if it's your job to boss kids around. "Oh look it's Annabeth," Thalia turned around from comforting the crying Mrs. Hestia. "You're here," Juniper yelled over the noise. She was standing in the middle of all of it, catching boys and throwing them on the ground in attempt to stop the drama. But the boys on the ground just got back up again and joined the nonsense. They both ran up to me and started speed-talking. "It's happening again. In fact, the boys are being worse than before," Juniper said. "This has got to stop, we're the only class that's like this and we're getting nowhere with our lessons," Katie, who had just joined the little huddle told me. I kind of zoned out for a while and looked to the usual spot at the back of the classroom on the counter. And there he sat. He was listening to some music on his earbuds and looking off into space. Percy Jackson. That was him. The one. The scoundrel. He was wearing his orange sweatshirt with the letters 'CHB' printed on it in these little tiki-hawaiian letters. He always wore that sweatshirt, which was annoying because I bet her never washed it. But, in his defense, when the AC turns on in this school, you will seriously freeze. Like, don't get me wrong, I know how to handle the cold, which explained my flowy, slightly short, t-shirt I had on right now, but seriously, this school is like Antarctica in the summer. We should get back on topic now. Percy was the one who started picking on the teacher and the other boys follow everything he did like it was the law! That kid was pure trouble. Nothing else. I walked through the middle aisle of the classroom with my hands up like I was some sort of crossing guard, pushing any boys that got in my way aside. I checked the side of the desk Percy had planted his foot on. It was just as I thought. The desk I personally autographed. My desk. "Good morning Percy. It smells to me like your foot landed in something your mouth left behind so I guess that explains the ugly look on your face." He just rolled his eyes and looked at me like I was dog poop on the bottom of his shoes or something, not even giving me a thought. "Ignoring me, are you?" I looked at him in the eye, which was really hard judging that his eyes were closed. I got no reply, and I snapped. "Get your lousy foot off my desk! You cause enough trouble in this classroom and I want it to stop! Am I even getting through to you? I want you get all these idiot boys who follow you like monkey to stop and-" I was cut off because I started tumbling away with the desk in my grasp. I had pulling on the desk with all my body weight and the only thing keeping me attached to the floor was Percy's foot. And when he took off the said foot, I fell. I shot death glares into his ugly face, well his face wasn't really ugly it was actually quite attractive, he had these thick, dark eyebrows and this sun kissed skin, but that's besides the point. I picked myself back up and stole Percy's MP3 player and threw it into the crowd of boys. They all stopped to catch it, and once they did, I literally round-house kicked every one of them. And if not for the fact the Mrs. Hestia was still crying, I would have been expelled. I weaved my desk around all the lifeless bodies, and planted it where it would have been if not for the fact that Percy had put his old worn out converse on them. I raised