XX WARNING! XX The last chapter of this story is RATED M . If that is going to bother you DON'T READ! As far as M rated stuff goes though I'm pretty tame. XX Author's Note: This is an alternative story for Esme and Carlisle that only slightly contradicts the given story. I'm not much for 'love-at-first-sight' so I switched up some things. The end results are all about the same. The title is from a Billie Holiday song (yes it's not quite as old as 1921 but give me a break) called "If You Were Mine." Light Up My Lover's Way by November Murray For the reminisce of night The day will dawn with greater light And ghosts that follow in my wake Shall at your sight but quiv'ring shake And flee into their native lands In my memory's darker bands And with the memories of despair Those of your love are dearer there Chapter 1: Meetings . Esme . When I first laid eyes on Carlisle Cullen I knew he was a dream. For one, he wasn't Dr. Brooks, our middle aged balding local doctor who's hands we always clammy and trembled slightly. For another, he was as beautiful, the way I pictured an angel. His expression as he looked down at me was softly loving, compassionate and pitying but in a purely abstract sense. Maybe it was the lack of empathy—and by that I mean only that he did not know from his own experience the pain I felt. Or had felt. My world was narrowed and fuzzy now, the pain only a mild nuisance. That was the other reason I knew he was a dream: the opiates. The angel above me spoke, his voice like the whisper of wind and distant tolling of bells but it meant nothing to my muddled brain. The walls of the small wood paneled office were already closing in on me. I felt safe knowing he was watching over me, standing at my bedside but also sad because when I awoke he would be gone again. My angel frowned then and I felt my lips mirroring his actions. He turned away and spoke again, his voice deeper. He looked back at me with an expression that might have been meant to reassure me but all I could focus on was the little crease in his brow and under it his golden eyes locked on mine. Then the world faded out. . I awoke again hours latter feeling exhausted, my body heavy and lethargic. My eyelids were reluctant to even flutter and even the dim evening light thought the single window was bright. I groaned softly. "Esme?" My mother's voice as my elbow questioned. "What?" I muttered, finding my voice as sluggish as my eyelids. "She's awake?" Dr. Brooks asked and his loud footsteps crossed to my side. "Nice to see your eyes again, Miss Platt. Mrs. Hersh told Dr. Cullen she knew how to administer a pain-reliever." My eyes managed to focus on the familiar man shaking his head over me. "City doctors, so stingy," he said to himself with a frown. I looked down at myself, struggling to prop up my torso with my arms. My right leg bulged under the sheet twice as large as the left. Slowly the memories came back to me of climbing the old apple tree in the back yard. I liked to sit up there and sketch the cattle and the horses in the field but today—or was it yesterday?—my pencil had slid between my fingers and without thinking I had grabbed for it, reaching out into the empty air. The branch on which I was resting gave me up to the ground with the soft ripping of fabric, flutter of paper and the rustling of leaves. Falling had been much quieter than I imagined. Then I hit the ground. "Will my leg be alright?" I asked Dr. Brooks. "Of course dear. I was assured by Dr. Cullen that it was a simple fibula fracture. You'll have to stay off your feet for a while, 7 or 8 weeks to be safe. Then you'll be back to dancing with the young boys." I felt a blush creeping up my cheeks at Mr. Brooks words. "I—I don't think I'm quite old enough for that." I muttered with a sidelong glance at my mother who was frowning at Mr. Brooks. My small hopeful smile crumbled. Miss Dorothy Rose Davis down the road was only 15, a year younger than me, and she was allowed go to the local dances held at the nearby town hall once a month. Mother said it was because she had three unmarried older sisters but I didn't see how that made her different from me. "Who is Dr. Cullen?" I asked instead, steering myself away from the long debated topic. "He was the doctor the Columbus hospital was kind enough to send while I was away. I dear say, after working in the city it must have been mighty dull around her until you came in Miss Platt. Else he would have felt the entire trip a waste of his time." Dr. Brooks shook his head with clear contempt. I thought I heard him mutter "City people," under his breath. "Perhaps you were already a bit foggy with the medicine," Mother said and helped me to lie down again. "I suppose so," I said softly, thinking back to the face I has seen in my dreams. Certainly no living person could look so beautiful and kind. He must truly have been an angel. I wish I could see him again I thought. I knew at least now I would have a face in my mind to which I could pray too. Somehow sending my hopes and worries to God would be easier if I imagined that angel as the messenger. So he became my companion through the long Sunday mornings and in the evenings at my mother's side while I mended my father's clothes and she read aloud from her well-worn book of sermons. I imagined him sitting next to me through the pastor's long sermons or placing a reassuring hand on my father's back as he sat at the dinning table in the long fire-lit evenings with his tired head bent. I used to think it was in prayer but later I wondered if it wasn't in defeat. The day came when I did go to the dances, when my mother dressed me in white and pale green ribbons, curled my auburn hair and pinched my cheeks. The day came when I danced with young men and smiled warmly until I was scolded by my mother for my overt pleasure. The day came when I was introduced to Mr. Charles Evenson and smiled shyly as I was supposed to though I did not feel like smiling much at all. I knew no matter what I did my mother would find something to criticize. The day came when Charles Evenson called at our small farmhouse with a half dozen tulips and sat by my side in sparse conversation. The day came when Charles Evenson made my parents a proposition that my mother readily accepted on my behalf with restrained elation and vain pride in her guidance of me, without which I would never have made so advantageous a match. The day came that I was married in the little church where my angel and I endured many muggy summer or drafty winter mornings to Charles Walter Evenson. If my angel had truly been there he would have been frowning, he would have barred me from entering, bid me turn and run while I still could. But that day I could hardly bear to think of him because I knew God had forsaken me. . Carlisle . They say, even for humans, that scent is the best memory trigger. Hers hit me like stepping out of the cool shade of a marble hall into the overbearing Italian sun. I felt it all the way down my throat like burning sand trickling into my lungs. It took me back to a little wooden building in the countryside seven years ago that was crystal clear in my immortal memory. A little girl was laid out on the single patient bed in the small building, her right leg splayed at an awkward angle and her brow beaded with sweat. Her smell filled the room: apple blossoms, spring rain, cedar, the cotton smell of her clothing, the smell of fresh dirt on her bare feet, the faint smell of the cheep sheet of paper clutched in her left hand, and the syrup too-sweet smell of opiates that never failed to turn my stomach; through the last smell nothing could be appetizing. She looked up at me with wide brown eyes, clouded in drug induced confusion. Then she surprised me; she smiled. Usually under the influence humans were more inclined to listen to their baser instincts that shied away from my strangeness, innately sensing the danger I posed. She showed none of that. Her smile was easy and accepting as she looked up at me and I couldn't help but smile back. This memory played through my mind in the fraction of a second as I let the doorknob turn back to it's usual state as I swung the door open. By the time I was fully in the room it had passed and I was looking at a young woman, not the teenage girl I remembered, sitting on the examination table. She was dressed conservatively for Columbus in her long dark dress, simple white gloves, and modest jewelry but her beige coat was well made suggesting she was not poor, certainly not the kind of woman that I usually saw this close to the West Side. Regardless of all of this she would have stood out to me. Without the sickening opiates, the unique smell of her blood, stronger as I approached her in the confined space of the examination room, was the sweetest I had known in a hundred years. Only one scent in my memory rivaled her and I clung to the memory of that victory. I had resisted then and I could resist now, I told myself. I refused to acknowledge that then I had been at a distance not standing close enough to feel the warmth of her body pulsing with every loud, wet heartbeat. I swallowed the venom pooling in my mouth. "Miss Platt," I said reading off of her intake sheet, "I'm Dr. Carlisle Cullen. What brings you here today?" She looked up quickly from her folded hands and her lips parted softly. I could see dust moats in the air dragged towards her by the inaudible gasp she stifled. Did she recognize me? My own reaction surprised me. I knew in my rational mind that it would be far better for me if she didn't but at the same time I wanted her to know I was the man who fixed her broken leg, the man she smiled at all those years ago. I could see thoughts swirling in her large eyes but they were a mystery to me. "My hand," she finally managed to say rather abruptly as she lifted her gloved hand out toward mine. I had just raised mine to take it when she said, "the other one. I mean—I-It's Esme. My name that is, please, call me Esme. It's very nice to meet you Dr. Cullen." She stumbled over her own introduction in such an innocently sincere way that I hae to smile despite the blistering feeling of my throat. I shook her offered hand: soft fabric against my smooth cold skin leaving ghost images of the touch in surprisingly comfortable heat. "Like wise. May I?" I held out my other hand for the one she cradled in her lap. "Yes, of course," She said and lifted it to me only to flinch as soon