Heh… I had fun writing this :) Smoke and Mirrors The valley of Rivendell found itself in a lazy state of content as the sun began to set. There was a pleasant coolness found in the atmosphere as the late summer heat began to dim with the retreat of the sun. The falls that were ever flowing churned until the water ran white and the valley winds picked up a fine mist as it gently pushed up and over the cliffs of Rivendell. An early dinner ended not too long ago and Gandalf found a quiet setting to take some relaxation while his stuffed belly digested the fine meal. He sat upon an ornate stone bench looking over the expanse of the lands from his perched balcony. From here it seemed you could see forever and his ageless grey eyes scanned the area, taking in the birdseye view of thick green treetops and shingled roofed homes just below. He puffed absently on his clay pipe, letting his mind wander and roam just as his eyes were allowed to do. He had only come to the Last Homely House a few days ago and thus far his visit was well received. Old friends were surprised, but glad for the unannounced appearance of the old traveling wizard. He was welcomed in as a friendly guest, but now he found himself secluded from company. He did not necessarily mind being alone at the moment and he took in a relaxing sigh, finding an enjoyable peace that was really only present in these lands. The magic of the elf's kept these immediate surrounding lands free from the sick darkness that was beginning to creep over Middle Earth and it was refreshing to come here after wading through the sadly changing world for so long. Orcs were becoming bolder across all lands and it seemed as though they were spurred by some sort of force, but what was a giant mystery. His inattention was rattled by a surprised mention of his elven name. "Mithrandir?" "Oh!" Gandalf gave a shallow exclamation to his surprise and his hunched posture turned to regard the person who came upon him unaware. Standing the doorway of the house and balcony was a young man. His hair was considered short for elven standards, but it hung about his neck and face in a dark mop of wavy locks. He was fully grown, yet he was still boy-ish in appearance and the delighted surprise on his face made him look even younger. Though he clearly was human by race, he carried himself differently from other men and his movements were silent and smooth, as if he were emulating an elf and had been doing so for years. "Estel! My... you gave me quite the scare." he said with an elderly voice that sounded far more frail than Gandalf truly was. After regarding the human, Gandalf let off an amused chuckle letting Aragorn know he was not upset, but had only been startled. The slight scold was not recognized by the man. The wizard's acknowledgement was all Aragorn needed to accept it as an invite to step forward. "What are you doing here?!" the young man asked eagerly as he approached. "Well, I came out here to make good use of my pipe. The elves find the stench to be rather ill suited for their sharp noses… and so I found this place where no one would be bothered by my offensive habits." The old man said and slid to one side of the bench with a soft groan to make room for his visitor. He patted a weathered hand on the cool stone, prompting Aragorn to take a seat. Aragorn's chuckle was soft. "Ah." He said plainly as he took the wizard's answer. "But what are you doing * here *... in Rivendell?" "Must I have a need to visit friends?" he watched the man settle on the bench and Aragorn shrugged. "I just hope to hear you came for a visit, not that you were sent to deliver bad news or ill tidings." "Is that all I ever do?" Gandalf looked astonished that his appearance could be associated with such dread. "That is what Erestor says." Aragorn looked over the balcony at the pristine view in front of them. "He says what?" "That when you show up he is sure to be bogged down in work in researching some ancient entity or item that could be linked to both the past, present and future." "Bah..." Gandalf's brows wrinkled in annoyance but he did not harp on the matter. "I was passing through and decided to stop in for visit. It has been long since I have received any elven hospitality. I guess you can say I wanted a break from the wilds. I made it in just a few days ago... It seems I have to take up some of my time now with a facetious elf who needs more work than is given to him." Gandalf spoke sternly, as his imagination took him to plotting a much needed conversation with Erestor. "Erestor was only teasing, Mellon. " Aragorn chuckled. "I'll be the decider in that." Gandalf puffed away on his pipe taking out his calm fury with each huff. Gandalf could feel the man's eyes on him and he steered the conversation a new direction. "Your father told me that you and your brothers were out hunting." While his words were a statement, the raised brow indicated a question of sorts. "Aye. We went to the southern borders to track deer. Neither I nor Elrohir were able to make a kill, but Elladan did." "The southern borders?..." Gandalf repeated. "Is it not dangerous out there to travel all that way?" There was a seriousness in the old man's eyes and it was no longer friendly. In fact, the wizard seemed to disapprove of the news. "Ada said I could." His defense was kept casual, but he knew where the argument was coming from and where it was likely to go. Gandalf took drag after drag from his pipe and he looked over the valley once more. His face was stony and he didn't say anything for a while, mulling over the statement the boy provided. His words were spoken in a slow mumble and Aragorn had to strain his ears to hear what was said. "So he did..." "...But you do not agree with him?" Aragorn asked. He had finally received some freedoms from his overprotective family and while he had not seen Gandalf in a few years, he hoped to be viewed as a grown man rather than a small child. "Aragorn," the wizard used the man's real name as if letting it show the intent of his next words. He was not overtly stern in his tone, but the words he spoke bordered a lecture. The wizard picked his words carefully, lingering on certain vowels and syllables that was unique to Gandalf's speech. "As Isildur's heir, I would expect to find you taking more caution, and I assumed your father was advising you to do the same." The small sermon from the ancient wizard felt awkward and Aragorn suddenly questioned if speaking on the matter was a good idea. He knew his foster father and the grey pilgrim were age old friends, but he suddenly felt as though he placed Elrond in trouble. Aragorn looked off and found a keen interest in the flecks of mica that littered the stone porch and looked at each sparkle in brightly glowing light coming from the west. He did not want to start down this path of conversation, but Gandalf was already forging the way. The Istar sensed the boy's dejection. While it was important to keep Aragorn safe, he knew it had been a struggle for Elrond to allow Aragorn to grow up as any normal child might. His royal lineage could not be helped for the boy was Men's last hope for a bright future. Gandalf did not mean to admonish the boy, but it was hard not to. Too much rested on Aragorn's young shoulders and to let him wander off and risk death was careless in his mind. But then again, there had to be some point in which the young boy would grow to be a self-sufficient man. Aragorn was so young in his eighteen years of age, but the ancient sorcerer had to remind himself that men were not ageless. With a sigh Gandalf went back to his pipe. He had spoken of his disapproval briefly, but it was not his place to dictate what the man could or could not do. That was Elrond's job. He trusted the elf lord's parenting practices for he already raised three children; his twin sons and his daughter who were mature and respectable due to Elrond's role. If anyone would raise Aragorn properly while keeping him safe, it would be Elrond. Gandalf blew his smoke out in a slow steady stream while he watched Aragorn out of the corner of his eyes. It was obvious he was trying to conjure up some excuse to leave without being rude. Gandalf was going to alleviate the young man's unease by dismissing him, but he thought better of it. He did not want to be known as a nag. After all, the boy was delighted to know he was here and came out to the porch to greet him. The company was sparse enough in elven homes when he decided to indulge in the acquired taste of smoking; he should be thankful that the young man was willing to sit through the stench just to be with him. "So tell me Estel..." the wizard said softly. He had a witty idea and he worked diligently to hide his mirth. The young man looked to him cautiously, expecting to receive more advice that he was doing things inappropriately, but Gandalf had moved on from that conversation. "Have you ever seen a dragon?" "A dragon?" Aragorn questioned back. His head cranked back slightly as the remark took him off guard and he snorted before a smile cracked upon his face. "You ought to know the answer to that. If I were anywhere near a dragon, I think the greatest threat would be Ada. * He * would, no doubt, kill me if I was within even one hundred leagues of a dragon." The wizard laughed an old man laugh. It was soft and scratchy as he chuckled at the young man's humor. He placed the stem of his pipe back into his mouth and drew in a long draught through the clay tube. He held his breath and closed his eyes as though he were concentrating on some sixth sense. Slowly, he made a tight 'o' with his lips and ever so gently, he blew the smoke out. His lips would move in just the right way, carving the passing smoke to dictate how it would from in the air. Before the Ishtar's face, the smoke took on a unique form. A coiling tail began to take shape followed by a bulky body. Wings produced more mass to the smoke creation before an elongated neck and monstrous head completed the piece of art. A miniature dragon hung in the air, suspended by the gentle currents around them. With a slight puff of clear air from the wizard, the creature began to move as though it were alive. The dragon reared its bony head and opened its mouth to let out a roar, but the false animal had no lungs to make a sound. However, the two watching the crafted beast could hear it clearly in their minds. Rows of sharp teeth lined the fabled creatures mouth and a forked tongue caught in the air. The breeze began to shift and it set the dragon in motion towards Aragorn's face. He had been witness to the unusual tricks of the grey Ishtar before so