Just a father and son moment between Thranduil and Legolas I wrote as a distraction to pass time on a VERY long flight with a screaming child behind me, kicking my chair through the duration of the flight... (ugh) I see Legolas as the human equivalent of an eight year old...ish. This story is kinda based off the movie versions of the Hobbit. Thranduil was portrayed as very cold and reserved toward his son, but there was no doubt that he loved Legolas fiercely. This is a tiny glimpse into my take of their relationship before it got too distant. Facts might be inaccurate, but hey, it's only fanfiction! " Ada ? Why is the sky blue?" A small inquisitive voice asked casually from across the large wooden expanse of Thranduil's desk. Little cerulean eyes watched the elder elf, hoping to get an answer from his father who was preoccupied by some clerical duties. The child swung his legs lightly while they dangled off the chair he was seated upon and the small prince found a new distraction in tracing the wood grain pattern of the work table with his finger. He looked up though, still waiting for his question to be answered. "Because it just is." The king replied back, but he was far too distracted with his work to offer more than that easy matter-of-fact statement. His sights never lifted from the scroll laid out before him and his fluid pen strokes never faltered. The tiny fingers continued to trace the ringed lines of the desk letting his father's statement be the only answer he received on the matter, but it only made him think that much harder over more unexplainable questions. The smooth surface of the desk suddenly became a roughened bump when the darker lines ran into a knot in the wood and the little prince dropped his hands to his lap. "Why are the trees green?" With a sigh to drum up an explanation and to keep the king's mind clear, Thranduil gave another short answer so he would not get off topic from his more pressing issues. "Because Ilúvatar wanted to make them that way, Ion-nin ." (my son) The child gave a breathless sigh. That, like the last answer, shed no light on the inner workings of the world, but the responses he received left him discouraged in asking more. All he wanted to do was see his father who always seemed to be too busy with the kingdom. And today was no different than the last day, or even the one before that. In fact, the elfling could not quite remember the last time he had seen his father not engulfed in his work. The little prince turned in his chair to glance out the windows of the study to take in the unique view of the realm Mirkwood. From here the windows were a little higher than the common buildings found thorough the area and he could see much further into the thick forests than he could when standing on the ground. Shafts of warm light created occasional glowing beams through the shaded forests among the clusters of broad tree trunks that stood tall, proud and strong. Green carpets of moss covered the forest floor and various birds and small mammals moved about as they went on with their daily rituals. The child turned back to his father and resumed watching the King work, but there was nothing stimulating about the scribbling quill and the lack of sound. He began to swing his legs again, this time with a little extra effort and his boot-heels connected with the sturdy leg of his chair, sending off a dull crack in the otherwise quiet room. " Ada ? Why-" "Legolas," Thranduil cut him off as the pen in his fingers halted. His head came up briefly to glance at his son and allowing his voice to carry across clearly. He needed to concentrate on this latest issue and the elfling was not helping his thought process. "Why do you not go find your friends and play with them for a time, hum?" His voice was not harsh, but the set sternest was far too clear not to be taken as anything other than a dismissal. The prince ceased his fidgety movements and sat there while his father turned back to work. The quilled pen scratched the ink into the parchment, smearing diplomatic texts across the plain surface and forcing any bit of socialization to dissolve. His father's constant brushing off became an unfortunate part of his everyday life, but it was one Legolas grew to accept without question. It was ingrained his unique upbringing; being raised by one royal parent who had to choose work over his own child. The prince knew his father was not actually upset with him, nor did Thranduil love him any less, but the curt reply began to grate on a chord of disappointment deep within the young prince. Soundlessly, the child slid from his seat and padded to the door to let himself out. It was pointless to tell his father that his friends were busy today. Most of them were off spending time with their parents and siblings since formal lessons and practice sessions came to an early close. It was best to keep his mouth shut so he would not be assigned boring reading lessons to keep the prince quietly occupied and the king free. Legolas paused in the doorway and looked back at his father. He opened his mouth to ask when he would be done, hoping to resume his time with the elder elf later, but he quickly shut it. The stacks of parchments on the desk spoke of a long and grueling afternoon full of labor intensive thought and the little elf knew his father would most likely be busy until the sun set - or even longer. Legolas resumed his retreat and ventured off on his own in search of something to do. Being so wrapped up in his mind, Thranduil hardly realized the dismissal of his son and easily dove into the depths of his duties without any outside distractions. Winter food rations had to be calculated, the threat of orcs were on the rise, the neighboring city of Laketown sent multiple requests for aid and supplies, and the Lord of Rivendell was attempting to reforge contact that had been severed between the two realms after the turnout of the Last Great Alliance so many years ago. It was hard to find resolutions on the topics and many of the matters needed to be further discussed before a council. But the king did his best on his own and at least he started the brainstorming on each subject. Letters and pages were poured over with strategic diligence and one by one, the mail cluttering the king's desk began to clear. The last one, however, was not so easily picked up. He stared at the letter from Lord Elrond that rested off to the side of his work area. The dignified handwriting oddly felt like it had a mind of its own and watched the Woodland king and his every move. Abruptly, Thranduil reached out to the page, but rather than pull it close, he simply turned it over. He did not know how he really felt right now as the Noldor-elves seemed to have faded from his thoughts entirely. It was odd that they were reaching out now to reconnect after all these years. Or that was what Thranduil assumed the letter was about. He still had to read the contents of the note to understand it's importance, but right now, he struggled to find the desire to do so. Thranduil's mind began to wonder and it was no surprise that he found himself thinking back to that massive historic battle. It was a reluctant agreeance to answer Elrond's call for help and stand beside Rivendell's army. However, Greenwood did join the war of men and elves in an all-out battle to free Middle-Earth from the darkness that was washing over the land. The outcome was a victory for the good forces, but it only devastated Greenwood. They lost their king - and Thranduil lost his father. His light was blown out far too soon and his death left an ill prepared Thranduil to take charge of Greenwood while staying strong for his fighting people. Thranduil did not exactly blame Elrond for the outcome of the war, but it was still hard to think back to that difficult time and not have conflicting views on the past. Far too many elven lives were lost, and it left a sour taste in the king's mouth as many families were still dealing with the effects of life without loved ones. Besides, it seemed the war became a massive turning point in Thranduil's life, placing everything upon his young shoulders and forcing him to use every ounce of skill, power and strength he had to keep Greenwood from falling apart. That in itself left him struggling to find time to cope with his grief produced by losing his father while time slipped away without much contact between the two realms. But that was not the only life changing event to have taken place to jump the course of history. The death of his wife lead the Woodland king to retreat further into the depths of his thick forests, leaving him with more grief to untangle while raising his only child to be Mirkwood's future. Thranduil sat back in his chair and passed a hand over his eyes to try and find some sort of calming influence. He blinked a few times to chase away the residual memories and when he took in the layout of his study, he found the chair on the opposite side of the desk was empty. "Legolas?" He called out and looked around the room to try and find his son who had been there only a few moments ago. His blue eyes passed by the window and he did a double take on the outside world as the late afternoon sun began its ritual of casting the forests into darker shades. He was stunned. The king did not realize how much time had passed and Thranduil stood to his feet baffled. He did one more sweep with his sights to try and find his young son, but suddenly, memory snagged his mind. He vaguely recalled delivering words that would have sent anyone on their way. Thranduil's stomach dropped and he groaned inwardly. He knew exactly how his words came across and he kicked himself mentally for not seeing the effects his comment had earlier. " Ai Elebreth ..." The king sighed to himself. "What have I done?" He looked to the desk and all of the work he had accomplished, but if left him with little satisfaction in knowing he had ignored his own son to pay more attention to pieces of paper. The Woodland king gathered the parchments and placed them in a drawer. Though he was far from finished with them, his conscious told him he was done for the day. His kingly duties needed to be shelved and the letter from Elrond would have to wait. Right now, he needed focus as a father, not a king. The door to his study swung open suddenly and Thranduil looked up with hopeful features expecting to see his son enter. Instead, he found his servant, Galion, letting himself in with a fresh arm load of mail. "My Lord, I have more news I am afraid..." the servant said with a hinted sarcastic smile as he tried to make light of the non-comical matter. Galion walked to the desk to deposit the letters that arrived only moments ago. Thranduil's face tightened into unpleasant disappointment, but he ignored the collection of correspondences. "Have you seen Legolas?" He asked, but the servant shook his head. "Nay your grace. I thought