Just wanted to write a meandering one shot that explores the Rohan characters. :) Seriously, I let my mind wonder and this is what I typed. It's boring, and long but I had fun writing it. I see Éomer in his early 20's in this story; a young man working his way through the ranks of the Mark. I thought I read somewhere that Éowyn was 6 years younger than her brother so that would put her in her mid teenage years, if that fact was true. On the Open Plains of Rohan "I grow weary of this dull day." Éomer said. He sat atop the wooden fence used to create a large horse pasture in the flats of Edoras. He watched his sister who stood a few paces away, weaving braids into the mane of his sorrel steed that stood complacently by her side. The mighty war horse nipped at the tender shoots of grass and allowed the gentle twists to be placed in his shaggy hair while he swished his blond tail lazily to bat away the spring's first flies. Éowyn looked up with an expression void of any emotion to acknowledge that she heard her brother, but had no opinion on the matter quite yet. She squinted against the high noon sun that beat down upon them, then gave Éomer a small smile before turning back to her work. "Tis a fine day." Éowyn said as she tied off the lock of coarse hair and began sectioning out another to create a new braid down the horse's neck. "It is, but it is lacking in any type of activity." Éomer rubbed his eyes to rid it of the glaze that the warm boring day produced. "I thought this was one of your weeks off from patrol with the Mark." Éowyn said. "You should enjoy it. Rest." "Rest." Éomer snorted. "I've had plenty of it. One can only sleep so much. I grow restless. I need something to do." "Lightfoot's stall is rather messy and unfit for a king's horse. Uncle would appreciate it if it were mucked." Éowyn offered as a suggestion, but her older brother scowled. "Something * fun * to do. Not chores." he corrected. "Well..." Éowyn said as she pondered over something to do, but like Éomer, she could not seem to find anything to occupy her restless brother. She looked to him sitting on the fence as he gazed over the plains without really seeing them. His hair had grown longer in the long weeks he spent away from home and wayward strands of wavy dark-blond hair blew about in the breeze. The fine strands snagged on the stubby beard he began to grow and his rich honey locks covered his face like a thin veil. The wind on the plains was rarely at rest so rather than push his hair back, he let it blow about. "Why do you not shave that scruff from your face? You have ample time to do it today." Éomer's hand went to his jaw, feeling the length of the stubble that he had not bothered to remove. He finally combed his fingers through his hair to remove it from his eyes before he responded to his sister. "Nay. I think I will grow it out a bit more." He said and stroked the whiskers on his chin, testing the length out. Éowyn rolled her eyes. "What?" He questioned her a bit sharply. "You are back home, I fail to see why you must look like a road weary traveler who has not groomed himself in weeks." Éowyn said with a smirk. "Honestly, when was the last time you even saw your face free of that tangled mane and scruff of yours? I do not know why you insist on growing it out." "It is the fashion of our men!" Éowyn chuckled and shook her head never removing her eyes from her tasks. She did not understand the men's appeal to sprout a beard and let their hair grow excessively long. The boys her age could barely grow facial hair so the age difference between brother and sister left her with very little understanding in the looks of maturing men. Whatever… her brother could do as he wished. As long as he came home safe from each ride and continued to grow into a respectable rider of the Mark, his looks could be deemed suitable however he so chose. "Where is Théodread?" Éowyn asked. Their cousin could provide some means of company to her bored sibling since the two were closer in age and had similar interests. "He is busy helping Uncle with… royal duties." He punctuated with a hint of exaggeration, showcasing his dislike of the tedious work that was required of all royals. That same blood ran in his veins, but was thankful it was Théodread, not he, who would inherit the title of king. Again, Éowyn nodded. Neither of them spoke for they were both at a loss with topics of conversation. Éomer's horse took a few steps to toward greener grass and Éowyn followed, determined not to lose her place in her embellishments. "Uncle said you have been excelling in your riding skills as of late." Éomer commented absently. Perhaps this could encourage some kind of mindless task to come forth and give his mind something to do. Éowyn's head popped up and a beaming smile covered her face. "I have!" She stated proudly. "I was able to ride Brontide the other day." She said to offer her information as the ultimate feat that was able to be conquered by her skill. Éomer's eyes went wide with amazed surprise. Brontide was a horse notorious for his ill temper and only experienced riders dared to ride him. It took a certain amount of patience and gentle asking to prompt the horse to listen, for he was a proud animal at the top of the equine pecking order. No one told him what to do - horse and man alike - but if he respected you, there was a chance you could ride him. "Brontide?" Éomer questioned. He heard his sister, but did not trust his ears. Éowyn's smile became bold as the shocked look on Éomer's face was taken as a compliment. Even he was reluctant to ride the stubborn stallion. She nodded to her brother to confirm. His astonishment turned to skepticism and he quirked a brow to Éowyn. "And who let you ride him?" He asked. In his opinion the fool who had allowed such a reckless decision needed to receive an earful of backlash. Éowyn could have gotten hurt. "Uncle." Éowyn said casually. Éomer looked off as his reprimanding plans were thwarted. He knew his place well and though he did not agree with the decision to let Éowyn ride such an unruly beast, he let it drop. He could not tell his uncle, and the King of Rohan no less, how to handle matters. Éowyn was allowed to ride a dangerous horse with not only parental approval, but her king's as well. The look on Éomer's face seemed to darken and Éowyn took it as a sign that he did not believe her. "I can show you if you would like." "Nay." Éomer was quick to respond, but his voice was merry. "Maybe some other time." He added. He knew of his sisters strong will and her refusal to accept the word 'no', so rather than poke at her strong spirit, he feigned uninterest with her claims and willingness to showcase her accomplishments. He would not be the one at fault for allowing Éowyn to ride Brontide for a second time. Though Éowyn was perfecting her riding, it was not solely her green skill that he doubted. Brontide's temper was the major cause of his uncertainty. The last time she rode him, she was most likely aided in luck. Éowyn's bright visage drained. She liked to show off in front of her brother and see his approval with her advancing skills, but right now he did not care. She turned back to the horse and continued to braid his mane. "How do your other lessons go?" Éomer asked deciding to stick with safer topics for the time being. Éowyn huffed quietly. "They are lifeless." Éowyn sighed in an even tone that made Éomer chuckle. "There is no excitement in memorizing dates of the past nor how politics of the free peoples of Middle Earth work… even the etiquette lessons I must attend to learn how a noble woman carries herself just seem so dull." She said and looked to her brother to see how he would react to her words. This was not the first time she had complained about her schooling, but others shrugged off the typical adolescent's attitude towards the importance of education. "Ah yes!" Éomer nodded slowly, reflecting over his own schooling and the days that would drag on. "I do not miss that in the slightest." he boasted happily and grinned when Éowyn scowled. She envied her brother and how he was not detained for hours in a classroom and was able to ride free over the lands within the realm of Rohan. The fights he faced were exciting and the grueling hard work sounded much more stimulating than listening to a scholar drone on about texts. Éomer's smirk softened as the unamused Éowyn stared blankly at him. "It is part of your life's dues, I'm afraid." Éomer did his best to encourage his sister, but it was hard to do since he was not overtly fond of studies himself. "Everyone must go through this. You are not being punished, I assure you. Just keep your nose to the whetstone and push through it. One day you will reach the end of the lessons and tests and you can choose the path you want to walk. You will have all the freedoms you want later." "But I won't." her statement was elusive and Éomer was unsure what she meant by it. "How so?" "I already know what I want to do, but it is frowned upon." Éowyn looked pensively to the lock of horsehair in her fingers. Éomer said nothing and watched her silently expecting Éowyn to elaborate, which she did. "I want to be a warrior who fights for freedom and her people… a * shieldmaiden *." She punctuated by a tone of awe and romanticized fantasy while she held her head up proudly at the imaginary title. "Huh…" Éomer said simply. He knew his sister was bound to lead a nontraditional life, exchanging typical wifely duties for other freedoms, but her confessions were not what he expected. A respected horse trainer, or breeder seemed to suit her needs to live life, but to fight and risk it was not something typically found in women's occupations in Rohan. "That is..." Éomer looked to the ground and jumped his brows while trying to find the right words to exclaim his doubt. She would be taught to carry and wield a sword in order to defend herself if a time ever came where she would need to know how to do so, but to come forth as an active military member was not deemed suitable for women. "That it is... what? Dangerous?" Éowyn started to counter the doubt her brother had. "I already know it is. I listen for hours of all the battles and close calls everyone has… even you. I know what I would be getting myself into. I do not fear death." Éomer's head snapped up. That was quite a bold statement coming from one so young and he wondered if it was Éowyn speaking or if she was just repeating heroic words she heard from someone else. "Death should not be feared." he almost agreed, but his statement was used to further a deeper point. "There are far worse fates out there than death." "What could be worse than death?" She asked. To