Chapters 1 and 2 are currently (although slowly) going through major revisions. Chapter 50 is a new chapter! Lots of notes and disclaimers before you read: I own nothing of J.R.R. Tolkien's or Peter Jackson's works. I am just borrowing everything to write how I want for entertainment only. This is a Legolas rape fic, but was not meant to be a graphic smut story. If the idea bothers you at all, then please don't read it. Don't get me wrong, there will be some gory, vivid details that pop up to give an anchor on the feelings and trauma, but the act itself will be kept to a somewhat minimal portion. This is also not a slash fic. I wanted to write a story that dealt primarily with heavy, emotional hardships and as an elf, I think the worst thing to be put through is being taken by force. I know the argument that an elf would die from it, but can't we pretend that it could be countered with the right love and support? I would like to think so. This story starts off as a "hurt comfort" story then progresses and deals mostly with the emotional trauma associated with the act. With all of the above said, Legolas is not going to be the strong happy elf we all know him to be... He will still be stubborn (as many others portray him to be), but given what Legolas has been through, he will not be quite himself. (can you blame him?) Writing is my form of entertainment so the story will meander at times. I have no length set so I think this will become a long story. Afterall, if this did happen, I'm sure that a week of pats on the back and a few conversations would fix everything completely. An emotional wound this large will take a long time to heal…. and a long time to write. If you like to read fast paced works, you may grow tired of this quickly. Also know, the first couple of chapters are kind of rough as I tried to get in the swing of writing. (this is my first story) Any feedback for a re-do at any point is welcome. This story will use bits from both the book and movie version, but will primarily follow the movie version. This will also be slightly AU since I am not very clear as to what happened after the war of the ring. I mean, I do know some details, but others are kinda unclear in my research. For instance, I'm pretty sure that the elven realms stayed a while after the war of the ring, but how long, relocation, when peopled sailed, who took over… honestly I felt like I was studying for a history exam. While I tried to stay true, I am sure there are a bit of inaccurate facts. But hey, it's only Fanfiction! I also like to believe that Legolas and Aragorn have known each other for a long time as the last Hobbit movie suggests. This idea is even present in the LOTR movie at the council of Elrond; it is Legolas who reveals Aragorn's true identity as the lost king of Gondor. Unless the two were very good friends, I do know know why he would do that… However, I am not the only one to believe this too, so like many other stories that are out there, Aragorn and Legolas will be very close in my story, like brothers. Well I think I am done with the blah blah blah… on to the story! Chapter 1 It was a chilly fall evening and dusk was descending on the small town rather quickly. In the distance, large, billowing clouds were disappearing with the sunlight that was painting the darkening sky in hues of pink and golden orange as they slipped from sight along a ridge of mountains to the west. The stars were waking up, twinkling ever so faintly in the dimming light and the near full-moon was large on the horizon. Its light was battling that of the sun and as it won, it began to cast a silvery glow on thatched rooftops and brick buildings. Heavy rains earlier in the day caused the dirt streets of the town to become sloppy and thick with mud and deep puddles reflected the moonlight, making the streets appear to be strewn with glass. The town was busy with shopkeepers and merchant carts selling food, drink, tools and various other items to both townspeople and travelers as the day dwindled down. Children ran home for the evening meal as the shops were closed up for the night. Friends and neighbors bid each other a good night before they too headed home. Those who were using the town as a stopping point in their journeys were seeking out places to stay for the night while taking note of the best places to get a hot meal and a quick drink. Among the bustle, two odd companions traveled together. A tall man in dark clothing was walking through the streets, dodging the large puddles and deep mud. The hood of his black leather overcoat was pulled over his face obscuring most of his features, but he walked with an air of dignity. His shoulders were set and his gait, though choppy due to the conditions of the streets, was smooth and confident. His gray cloak trailed slightly behind him and every now and again, a flash of metal could be seen at his hip as his long, broadsword reflected the soft moonlight. The other traveler was a stout being and rather than dodge the puddles, he trudged through them. A sturdy silver helmet with intricate gold scroll workings along the brim rested on top of his head and a long, thick, reddish-brown beard covered much of his face. A hefty double-edged axe was placed at his back as it rested on top of his grey cloak. Rather than carry a sword at his waist, another smaller ax was strapped to his hip. "Aragorn... Are ya' sure we've got the right place? I mean you've never lead us astray before, but this does not seem like a place where we will find our men!" Aragorn chanced a glance behind him at the dwarf who was looking skeptically about the streets. "I know not Gimli. This place is new to me. But I'm hoping that we can at least find some information that could take us to our next lead." "Well, I still think we should wait for the elf!" He called out in a thick, rolling accent. The man smiled to himself as he pushed onward to the heart of the town. "We have waited long enough Gimli." The human called out behind him as he walked around another large puddle. "Legolas' journey was longer than our own. As I have said, he was coming from Northern Ithilien. He is most likely still traveling and will not meet up with us for at least another day or so." "Right. But I think we're wastin' our time! I hate to admit it, but we're at a large disadvantage without those pointed ears of his." "We need to see if we can find any leads Gimli. I will not risks letting these slave traders get away from us yet again. They have to be stopped. They have been kidnapping my people for far too long and selling them as slaves. I do not know how they seem to evade our attempts to catch them, but I will not rest until these men are stopped. It is my responsibility to ensure the wellbeing of my people, and these men are jeopardizing the safety of everyone. Besides, we do not know if Legolas even got the message, or if he agreed to meet up with us." For years now, the king had been receiving reports of a small group of kidnappers coming into Gondor and taking anyone prisoner to sell as slaves to whomever was willing to buy. Countless men, women and children were all taken away and the kingdom was growing more and more uneasy as the King's armies were not able to put a stop to the mad men that were still on the prowl. All attempts to catch the men proved futile. Finally, Aragorn had enough and the king decided to take matters into his own hands. He knew that he could not accomplish this mission alone, but taking a group of soldiers with him would spook chatty towns folk and their positions would be given up, so he decided to take only those who he knew would help bring these men to justice. Gimli, a dwarf, was already in Minas Tirith visiting the King when the decision was made to set out and stop the mad men. The stout being had traveled from his realm in the Glittering Caves near Helms Deep in hopes of rejoining his friend and seeing how Aragorn's kingdom fared and to brag about his own. One night, the two friends settled down to catch up in a great hall lit by a fire and smoke their pipes. A messenger stepped into the hall and quietly delivered news to the king about a raid that took place earlier in the day and a large quantity of people were kidnapped. After he dismissed the messenger, Aragorn filled Gimli in on the events that had been taking place and voiced his concerns. His frustration was evident in his voice as the man recalled the numerous times his armies tried to catch the thieves but to no avail. Aragorn's thoughts drifted to that fateful night and he smiled beneath his hood as the events replayed in his mind. "And ya' say your men have not caught these bastards yet?" The dwarf looked concerned as he thought about the news Aragorn had just told him. "No. I have sent armies and spies where all of this takes place but no arrests have been made. I have troops stationed around the whole area but it's as though they know exactly where we are and what we are going to do. We just can't stop them." "Then why don't ya take matters into your own hands? You were able to track a pack of orcs across the Misty Mountains and through the plains of Rohan to save the halflings Merry and Pippin just a few years ago! I'd say you are one of the best trackers in Middle Earth! Ya' know what they say... if ya' want somthin' done right, the best thing to do is take matters into your own hands." The dwarf took a long draw from his pipe. The man contemplated the dwarf's words. He knew he couldn't just up and leave his kingdom, even if it was to help it. Besides, he had his own family that needed him. Arwen surely would not let him go and he was reluctant to leave his infant son, Eldarion. He didn't know how long it would take, but the statement was replaying over and over again in the man's head. Why couldn't he do this? He was an ex- ranger and was once the leader of the Dunedain. He could take care of himself and could wield a sword better than most. He had his Steward, Faramir, who was more than capable of running the kingdom in his absence. "You know Gimli, that is a fantastic idea." Aragorn stated. "If I can track them, I can put a stop to this." "Ya mean 'we'." The dwarf corrected as he took another puff from his pipe. "We?" "Precisely!" Excitement was keen as the dwarf stood up with a wide grin on his face as he volunteered himself to the cause. The dwarf paused for a moment, deliberately choosing what he said next. "...and you shall have my ax!" He exclaimed. The man looked at the dwarf with a