AN: I don't own Harry Potter :( It was an unusually dark night for November the wind howled around the trees around Privet Drive. Today was probably one of the saddest days for the Wizarding World which was that Lily and James Potter was brutally murdered in their home in Godric Hollow. Some say it was the work of very dark wizards trying to keep a prophecy from ever coming true. However, the dark wizards had failed to kill the child of the prophecy. "Don't worry little tike, you'll be safe here." Albus Dumbledore lied to the little tike he was holding in his arms and placed the boy on the step with a note on top of him. Tom looked down at The Daily Prophet a moving picture of a burned out house and several stunned wizards looking at the wreckage. Boy Who Lived By: Rita Sketter It is with great sadness I must write about the two greatest young wizards getting brutally murdered in their own home. James and Lily Potter two of Hogwarts finest were brutally murdered by dark wizards late last night, but their son, Harry James Potter, had managed to survive the attack. I have a quote from Albus Dumbledore in regards to last night's attack. "I am deeply saddened by the murder of two students, but Harry is destined to do great things once he grows up. I am afraid that this can only be the work of one Wizard. Lord Voldemort." Now for those of you who don't know we don't really know about Lord Voldemort other than the prophecy about Harry Potter. Dumbledore suspects that Lord Voldemort is a Blood Supremacist intent on killing all Muggle-Born Witches and Wizards which could spell trouble for our kind if there is a Blood Supremacist on the loose with his own agenda. No one really knows how the Young Harry Potter fits into this puzzle but you can guarantee that I will uncover his role in this. Severus looked up from his potion book to watch a newspaper catch fire. "Is something wrong?" He questioned his new husband they had only been married for a couple months but with each passing day they fell more and more in love. "Dumbledore is being an idiot and trying to pin the murder of that Potter Kid on Dark Wizards, specifically those who still have some of the older values of keeping a line 'pure.' "It seems like he is trying to cause trouble between the dark and light wizards." Tom was infuriated at thought sure he believed in the older values, but the way the article read it seemed like someone wanted a war and that the little baby would play a huge role in it. "Sev with you being Slughorn's apprentice now is the time to keep an eye on that senile old goat." Tom glared at the newspaper now smoldering wondering what the old coot had up his sleeve regarding the baby whose parents had just died. "I could also be keeping my eyes on Slughorn, I already know more than he does. Need I remind you that I was the best in potions and never once got invited to one of his stupid clubs!" Severus said angrily knowing that he would be a much better professor than Slughorn. Two years Later Severus walked to Dumbledore's office he was on his first year as the Potion's Professor at Hogwarts and the students absolutely were loving having him as a professor, since he actually knew what he was talking about, unlike Slughorn. He made his way up the stairs and sat in one of the seats waiting for Dumbledore to arrive when an owl flew into the window. Strange he thought grabbing the letter seeing it was from the Dursley's to those on Dumbledore's staff knew that was where Harry Potter was. He blanched at the thought of a wizard, actually born to powerful wizards being raised by Muggles. He looked at the Phoenix. "How long do I have before he's here?" He wondered wanting to know what the letter contained. "About ten minutes, I can tell Peeves to create a distraction." Fawkes said to the Potion Master, everyone thought the Phoenix was loyal to Dumbledore but it was anything but the truth the Phoenix was loyal to Hogwarts and Hogwarts alone. Fawkes had a bad feeling about his current master ever since James and Lily were murdered. He had also seen his current master having frequent meetings with the Weasley parents and writing frequent notes to the people who sent the letter Snape was holding. Fawkes had always liked the potion's master to the point where he had given Snape a couple of feathers and his tears for potions something he never did for Slughorn. He wouldn't let Dumbledore next to him for he didn't trust the wizard even though the old wizard tried. If anything Fawkes was loyal to Minerva, Flitwick, and Severus over Dumbledore. Snape tore open the letter feeling his blood slowly run cold and a huge lump appear in his chest. Dumbledore, Harry has changed beautifully and is now taking the abuse better than usual. He no longer is putting up a fight when it comes to his nightly abuse and we have been starving him like you asked. Vernon enjoys the poor boy, even our own son, Dudley, has started to join his father on the torture. We need some more bone regrowth I'm afraid Dudley hasn't quite grasped the fact that he is so much bigger than the boy. Please send it soon, since Harry has several broken bones at the moment. He is in a coma and according to rules we are to keep the boy safe and that we can torture him all we want we just can't kill him. He also has no idea that he is a Pure-Blood, and that he isn't related to us. Severus looked murderous at the thought that Dumbledore had told the Muggles to abuse the poor boy. He also didn't like the fact that the boy was in a coma. He sat the letter down on the desk and waved his wand over it transferring every last word to a nearby piece of parchment. He would be showing Tom and keeping it in his records. He had never liked Dumbledore ever since he became Headmaster it seemed like he had his own agenda and Hogwarts had been changing and not for the better. He felt sick that a supposed 'light wizard' was allowing this to happen to a child. He shut the original letter and made it look like he hadn't been near it. He grabbed his copy and folded it and placed it in his robes and pulled out a potion textbook making him look like he had just gotten there for the meeting. He had an inkling about what the meeting was about. Dumbledore didn't like Severus and it was obvious that he preferred Slughorn. "Severus my boy. Care for a lemon drop?" Dumbledore greeted sitting behind his desk seeing the letter which he grabbed and placed it in the front drawer of his desk. "From the Ministry." He said not wanting Snape to be curious, as a curious Snape wasn't good for him or his master plan. "The reason for this meeting is that Ministry is worried about your teaching style with you taking over for Professor Slughorn this year there has been complaints to the Ministry over how you teach. "Excuse me." He exclaimed he was eons above his old potion's professor who had managed to kill a student. "Need I remind you that Professor Slughorn killed a student on his last year of being a Hogwarts's Professor, let alone was a bloody imbecile. He was more concerned about collecting students who were powerful than he actually cared about making sure students knew how to properly brew. I'll take the Ministry's advice into consideration now if you don't mind it's the weekend and I would really like to go home to my husband and our son." Severus said getting out of the chair ignoring the rude look Dumbles was giving him at the mention that Severus had a husband. He walked out of the office and apparated to his Manor with Tom. "We have a problem, get Lucius and Narcissa. It's time we had our own son." He said handing Tom the letter along with a vial of his memories for the pensive. Severus knew what he wanted to do was dangerous and if Dumbledore ever found out it would be certain death since they were technically kidnapping and blood adopting Dumbles golden boy. Tom read the letter and dumped the memories into the pensive sticking his head in watching at just what his husband had discovered. "So Dumbles approves of child abuse? Well I certainly don't approve, it's time we do have our own heir, from this night on Harry Potter is dead." He grinned evilly wrapping his arms around his husband. "So Dumbles probably killed Lily and Potter for his own reasons and blamed something else." He teased pulling the Potions Master in for a steaming kiss. "Let's go to Lucius and Narcissa's Manor. Judging from the letter we are going to need their help, and this way little Draconius will have someone to grow up with and those two will be unstoppable and powerful once they get to Hogwarts. If Dumbles wants a war, he'll get a war, a war against himself. Calling himself a 'light wizard' Merlin ought to be rolling over in his grave at the thought. Oh Harry will have a great life thanks to us, and Dumbles will get the kiss." Tom said making a plan. "So what should we rename Harry Potter, we will also need to oblivate his memories." He didn't want his son to know of the truth if Dumblefuck wanted a war there would certainly be a war. He's probably thought with all the abuse I suffered I'd turn out be like Grildenwald and I'd become the third Dark Lord. Remember Slughorn tried to get me to create Horcruxes, I'd be willing to bet that Dumbles will try to make me out to be the dark wizard he mentioned in the Prophet two years ago. He's hoping all the abuse Harry suffers will make it look like Dumbles was his savior." Tom spat after everything Dumbles did to him and Severus it was a wonder he didn't turn completely dark with an intent to destroy. He figured his relationship with Severus had kept him sane and his rage at a minimum. Severus smiled around his husband's lips. "Merlin and Morgana are probably both annoyed at what has become of our World. How much you want to bet that's it Dumbles who want to rid our World of Muggle-Born's. "Want to follow the Malfoy's with going with a constellation, go for a family name, do something original. I'm really curious about our linage though and specifically The Potter linage." He said honestly wondering if Dumbles had possibly hidden things from them like he was doing with Harry. Severus had always been curious as to why Dumble had so many seats on the Wizengamot, since Dumbledore wasn't technically a Lord nor did he have any Lordships other than Dumbledore. Which wasn't even close to being a member of the Sacred Twenty-Eight. "Perseus?" Tom suggested liking the idea of naming him after a constellation like what Lucius and Narcissa did with Draco. "Scorpius, Orion?" He said mulling over the names of constellations. "I don't know about our family linage. If we blood adopt him technically he'll be a Gaunt on my side, it was once a very powerful family, but due to inbreeding wanting to keep the name completely pure and only procreating with other pure-bloods left very little choice. Personally given how dark the Gaunt's were and how unstable I wouldn't mind seeing my family line die