Flames of the unclaimed: Lamia's story Chapter 1 A day in the life of an unclaimed demigod ' Maybe my father is the god of bad luck.' I thought, trudging up the half blood hill. "Hey Peleus." I greeted as I passed Thalia's tree. He huffed a cloud of smoke at me from his position curled around the tree. "Same to you buddy." I retorted. It was completely normal to talk to a dragon. He guarded Camp Half Blood and the Golden Fleece. I continued on past the big house, where Chiron and Mr D. were playing a card game. I walked past the volleyball court and headed down the hill towards the armory and the forge. The children of Hephaestus were busy at work making things. The amphitheater was off to my right and it was completely empty, which was normal at this time. I entered the square of cabins and turned left. Past the Nemesis cabin, past the Hypnos cabin, past the Iris cabin, past the Hades cabin, I kept going until I came upon the Hermes cabin. Looking at it, it was easily the most beaten up and worn cabin in the whole camp. The god of travelers and thieves was past max capacity. Not that he had endless amounts of children. There were also all the unclaimed demigods lived here until they were claimed, such as myself who has been waiting for… How many beads do I have on my necklace now? Four! I have been waiting for four years going on five! I wish I was Roman instead of Greek, then I could be like my brother. It doesn't matter if your claimed or not where he lives. It wasn't as bad as it used to be, since Percy Jackson had made the gods swear on the river Styx. But it seemed certain demigods were left out of that promise for some unknown reason. Such as me. I dragged myself up the stairs into the cabin and face planted onto my bed in the back. "Get off my bed." A voice interrupted from above, sounding suspiciously playful. "Don't interrupt this sacred moment of peace." I moaned, burying my head further in the pillow. I was not in the mood right now. "Must've been bad if you're back almost an hour early." She chuckled. I rolled onto my side to look at my bunk mate and best friend, Amita. Technically I was on her bed. She put her book down and nudged me closer to the edge of the bed. "Get off." She laughed. I got off her bed and stood up. "So do you want to go horseback riding?" Amita asked standing up. I smiled at her enthusiasm. We both had ADHD like most demigods, although I still wondered if Amita had it a little more than me somedays. "I just ran from school to here. I'm going to relax until archery class. You go to the stables." I spoke, stretching my arms above my head. I wasn't really that tired but I needed her to get out of the cabin. "Fine. Have fun enjoying your 'sacred silence'." Amita flatlined walking out with a quiet roll of her eyes. This wasn't the first time I had stayed behind and it certainly wasn't a last. Luckily she had learned better than to continually pester me about it. I waited a second or two before the sound of footsteps faded. ' Finally the cabin to myself.' I climbed up the ladder to my bunk and twisted the numbers on the small padlock to open the cabinet mounted on the wall at the head of my bed. I pulled a small carved box out of it and shut it tight. Setting in on the covers of my bed, I opened the lid. An unopened letter sat there waiting for me. Looking around once more to make sure I was in fact completely alone. I pulled the letter close to my chest. No one could ever know about this, if anyone ever found out… My brother had a similar box as well. Our grandmother gave them to us before she died. When we had first made our way to camp, we were immediately separated. Not only was this one of the last things I had of my grandmothers but it was my only way to communicate with my brother. I took a small breath as the quiet sound of paper ripping filled the silence. Smoothing out the folded paper, I began to read. Dear Lamia, I assume you're doing well since I haven't gotten news of any schools going up in flames or spontaneous combusting. I've been doing decent, I got the wind knocked out of me today in combat training. Frank is a beast. I never saw it coming. He's a sneaky fighter. But he's the son of Mars or as you would say son of Ares so he already has an advantage. This morning we had another senate meeting. Of course I had to put on my toga, I can imagine you laughing, and go with Dakota- how he's still a senator is a beyond me. Dakota somehow snuck in a bag of red kool-aid and it exploded during the meeting. You should've seen the looks on their faces! Half of them though he was bleeding. I couldn't help but laugh alongside Frank. I never thought someone could turn such an alarming shade of red as Octavian did. He was furious that most of the Senate laughed after that. Even Reyna of all people chuckled, although she looked like she was desperately trying not to laugh. Not that I'm surprised, she's still considered 'large and in charge' despite the upcoming transition of power. I got a warning from Reyna because I may have 'kindly' informed Octavian to go slaughter a stuffed animal when he blew a gasket over the situation. The rest of the meeting didn't go much better Reyna grabbed Dakota and I and we went to the Principia- it's kinda of like the Big House and the man with wine you've told me about before. If it is even the slightest like here then you'll understand what I'm talking about. From your earlier stories, I'm pretty sure you're very familiar with the concept… I wish we could see the world through each other's eyes instead of having to describe and compare. After that, we got slapped upside the head, literally. Dakota got sent to his bed. Although Frank and I spared before he went off with Hazel, they make a cute couple. The ambassador of Pluto was present for the senate meeting but he disappeared during the chaos. He comes and goes as he pleases. I don't know what's wrong with the boy some days. But if you're correct and you think he's this Nico character, he's breaking the rules every time he comes here. He gets to see his sister Hazel whenever he wants... There are war games tonight and the Fifth Cohort plans on winning. I'm excited to see what they've built for it. But we plan on winning the game. I wish I could show you the camp some day; the beauty of New Rome, the ingenuity of the war games, the way camp is laid out. I wish I could show you some of my new friends and other people I know here. I'm pretty sure you feel the same. I wish you could celebrate my sixteenth birthday with me. Maybe dad will claim me when I turn sixteen if I prove myself worthy. I hope you're staying out of trouble or as much as possible. Love, Cato I folded it back up and pulled a piece of paper out of the cabinet followed by a pencil. Dear Cato, Don't go doing anything stupid before I get there. Your senate sounds a lot like our council, except they gather around a ping pong table in the game room instead of having an official building- and no, we don't have togas. Although that would be amusing to see. Who cares about the rules? If you're going to prove yourself worthy of being claimed you aren't doing it alone. I'm going to be there so we can both be claimed. I could finally get out of the Hermes cabin if I was claimed. There has to be a reason as to why I am pretty much the only unclaimed demigod left in camp halfblood. Percy told me I should've been claimed after the second Titan war when he made the gods swear on the river Styx. So please, don't do anything stupid. I'll leave tonight or tomorrow night and head your way. Stay put until I get there and don't die or get into trouble before I get there. I'm not putting my neck on the line if you're going to get suspended because of that egg-headed senator. Love Lamia I folded it up and put it in the box. I closed the lid and heard the faint whoosh. Setting my pencil down, I leaned back against the headboard. Taking a quiet breath, I stared down at my hands. How was I going to get there? That had been the question plaguing my mind for the last two months. I'd been over it frontwards and backwards, trying to come up with a semblance of a plan. Obviously I couldn't bring my necklace or anything else that comes from Camp Half Blood or even smells that I might be Greek. I climbed down and dug in the chest at the foot of our bed. I pulled out an old backpack and started packing my clothes. I skipped the orange camp half blood shirt. That would be like having a giant sign saying "Greek demigod right here." I grabbed some toiletries, a flashlight, and some extra batteries. Maybe I should steal some matches from the Stoll brothers or maybe I could just steal Leo? Nah, too much work. It would be easier to steal from the Stoll brothers. Walking over to their bunk bed, a rustle through their drawers until o found their stash of odds and ends. Though the exploding gum looked tempting, I snatched a small pack of matches before closing up. Easy. If you lived here, you should invest in a lock. I stuffed them in a zippered pouch before throwing the whole bag onto the bed. Climbing back up, I stuffed it in the cabinet with my box. Looking back at the empty contents of the worn wood of the box, I began to shut it before I heard a faint whoosh. Lifting the lid, I greedily grabbed the paper and smoothed the crumpled sides of the letter. The words were rushed and the ink was still wet on the page. Dear Lamia Are you sure you know what you're doing? It isn't easy to get here, let alone fit in. And don't even use Percy in your argument. He was only here because Hera put him here to unite the camps. You wouldn't be able to speak or curse in Greek. You wouldn't be able to fight like you do now. You would actually have to listen to authority. How would you even get here? Do you realize how much trouble the both of us would be in if you were found out? Think about what you are doing before you rush head first into this. Don't be stupid. Love Cato I rolled my eyes. I wouldn't be that stupid. Flipping the letter over, I began to write on the back of it. Dear Cato How stupid do you think I am? Have a little faith! Besides, don't you want to see me? This is the only way we can see each other. You know if you try to step foot inside Camp Halfblood, Chiron will send you back. But I'm sure I could get into your camp, people won't recognize me there. I can totally do it. Cato, this