Authors note Ok a couple things my beta said I should clarify. 1) The double bladed sword is not just double edged, which it is (of course). It is actually a sword with the hilt in between two different double-edged blades. 2) This story is set one thousand years after the Last Alliance. It's about fifteen hundred years before Frodo gets the ring, just do you know. Disclaimer: I only own my character Kalëa and a couple a horses. By the way if anyone wants to buy me Orophin for Christmas I would love whoever it is forever. (Wink, wink) Chapter one Visions and Fighting It was late and the city of Caras Galadhon in the forest of Lothlorien was silent except for the rustle of the wind through the trees. Kalëa was in her talan polishing her sword like she always did just before she went to sleep. Sighing softly she slid her sword back into its sheath and put her polishing supplies back in their proper places. Today really had been exhausting, the meeting she had attended with Lord Celeborn had been long and insufferable, honestly was there anyone in this wood who had something other than cotton between their ears. On top of that she had spent a long afternoon speaking with the Lady Galadriel concerning correspondence between Lorien and Mirkwood. Luckily she had the ability to farspeak and so when her opinion was needed in council she could simply tell Lord Celeborn what she wished him to know without having to reveal her presence. She would conceal herself in the shadows and watch only speaking with her lord when necessary. It was her way, she was not a very social elf, in fact most elves figured she was an ellon instead of an elleth because she never wore dresses. She always dressed like a male and never saw any reason why she shouldn't even her parents hadn't been able to make her wear a dress when she was an elfling. She was not sorry with what she had become, she was merely disappointed that her parents had never had the daughter they wanted. She had never been one for sewing anything fancy, she could sing beautifully but she rarely did, she didn't dance, and she hated acting lady like. She had learned the art of sword craft and archery from a friend who was learning to guard the border, and she had learned to master the double bladed sword by watching the old marchwarden practice, and later being taught by him, before he had died in battle against orcs. She was, all things considered, not an elleth, except she was. She felt like an elleth, she looked like an elleth, she looked at ellons the same appraising way as an unwed elleth, she was an elleth in every aspect but personality. Her parents had become so disgusted with her that they had begged the lady of light to take her as a maid in the palace, hoping it would teach her manners. Instead the lady had seen the amazing abilities that she possessed and took Kalëa under her wing. She was given a good education, she was brought into watch council meetings, she was trained in the art of swordplay and archery by none other then the Lord Celeborn himself, as well as the marchwarden. She still sparred exclusively with Celeborn. When the Lord and Lady had discovered that she could not only farspeak but that she had the ability of foresight as well she began her regular training sessions with Galadriel. Once she reached the age of majority she was given her own talan near the lord and ladies and she was given a position as advisor. She quickly gained their confidence and within a hundred years she had become their most trusted advisor, friend, and confidant. They were worried about her though, she didn't attend festivals, she rarely went out except to go to council, hunt, or go on a diplomatic mission for the lord and lady to where ever they needed her to go. She had been introduced to the newest marchwarden long ago and had not spoken to him since, but as she laid down this night she had a bad feeling about the days to come. Screams of pain and rage filled the air, lightening flashed and thunder boomed overhead. The rain pelted down on her as she looked into the stormy night. Flashes of lightening illuminated the area just outside of the woods of Lothlorien, orcs were attacking the guards and though they put up a good fight the guards were greatly outnumbered. She watched as they began to fall from their wounds, one by one. Suddenly an orc saw her and let an arrow fly straight for her heart, she didn't know why but for some reason she screamed. Kalëa sat bolt upright in her bed tangled in the sheets and sweat dripping off of her face. "That was no mere nightmare." She whispered to herself. Standing she quickly wrapped a cloak over her nightclothes and left her talan reaching for her lord and lady with her mind. The sun would rise soon and she did not think this could wait, she could feel a storm brewing in the air. My Lord and Lady, I have something to discuss with you of great importance. I believe we are in grave danger. She farspoke to them. Meet us in the living area of our talan, Kalëa. Lady Galadreil replied. A few moments later Kalëa was being ushered into the talan of her lord and lady, who thought of her more as their daughter than their subject. "Now what is it you wished to discuss?" Lord Celeborn asked as he sat with his lady on the love seat. "My Lord, I had a vision this night that I believe will come to pass quite soon, I thought it best you know immediately." His advisor answered as she sat in the armchair facing the two people she considered her parents. "What did you see, my dear?" Galadreil asked softly. "It was storming, and the night was dark. I was just outside Lothlorien with the border guards; orcs were attacking at least fifty, perhaps more. It was difficult to get an exact count. The guards were over run, they could not hold the orcs at bay and they began to fall. When I woke I sensed the storm brewing. I feel that this will happen soon, My Lady." "What do you believe we should do?" Celeborn inquired. "I believe you should send a messenger to the border guard to warn them and gather troops to send in as reinforcements, perhaps I am overreacting and this was simply a bad dream. But I do not believe that is the case and it would be better to be prepared than to take no action and see what happens." Kalëa answered confidently. "I was thinking the same. You have not yet been wrong with your visions and I trust your judgment." Lord Celeborn nodded in agreement with what his wife was saying. "Then it is decided. You shall leave for the border immediately." Lord Celeborn said with a smile at Kalëa's shocked expression. "You are the best person to inform the guard Kal, it was your vision. Return here before you leave and I will give you a letter for Haldir informing him he is to obey your orders as if they were mine. For they will be." "Yes, my Lord." Kalëa said standing "I will prepare myself for the journey. I will get there far faster than anyone else you may send." She turned and left, but not before hearing a musical voice in her head. When will you stop calling us your Lord and Lady in private company? I will try to remember in the future. Kalëa replied as she entered her talan. She quickly dressed in comfortable dark green leather leggings, and a dark green leather outer tunic. She made all of her own clothes. She left her broad sword in its spot and strapped her double bladed sword to her back just below her quiver and bow. Sliding her long knives into her knee high dark green leather boots, she grabbed her hunting knives and hooked them onto her belt. It was warm, the middle of summer, so she didn't wear a cloak. It would only slow her down. "My Lord, I am ready to depart." Kalëa said after knocking on the door to her Lords talan. Lord Celeborn opened the door, the letter in hand. "You really must stop being so formal when we are alone, Kal." He said with an indulgent smile as he handed her the letter. "Be careful, and stay safe." "Since when have I ever been careful, my Lord." She asked with a roguish smile. "There is a first time for everything." Her Lord smiled as she turned and ran along the tree limbs as only she could. This was the real reason he had asked her to go, no one could move through the trees like she could. Sometimes he thought she had spent her entire life in the tops of the trees, which actually wasn't too far from the truth. "Be safe Kal." He whispered into the still morning air. "She will be fine, my love." Galadreil said from behind him giving him a loving smile. "She may even discover something she has not yet realized while she is at the border." "You know something do you not?" He asked suspiciously. Laughing melodically Galadreil answered as she always did. "Perhaps, perhaps." Sighing The Lord of the Golden Wood began to start his day. Kalëa ran through the treetops jumping expertly from branch to branch. The sun was halfway up to the center of the sky so it was only midmorning. "I understand why they sent me, I just wish I didn't have to go." She said to herself as she stopped for a moment to rest taking the time to braid her hair in her preferred style. She quickly braided the beads of her station into the two small braids on either side of her face. And then braided two small braids that went around her head and met in the back; she tied them and let them fall. Then she did a small braid on the top layer of her waist length silvery blond hair at regular intervals interrupting the wavy plain of hair. That took her about fifteen minutes, she finished the last braid and started moving again. She stopped when she was almost at the border. It was only midday and she hadn't had anything to drink since before she left. There was a spring, she knew, near her and she decided to stop there before she went to the border. Dropping from branch to branch until her feet touched the ground she made her way to the spring. The water was still and she could see her reflection perfectly. Deciding to make sure she was presentable since she represented the Lord Celeborn she looked at her reflection. Her braids were still perfectly in place though she had a few leaves and twigs now tangled in the lose strands of hair, she didn't bother with them. Her eyes were a deep, pure, light blue and stared back at her with a deep knowledge and determination hidden behind the cool blue exterior. Her soft full lips were a pale pink and they were drawn into a worried frown. Even with her clothes being male you could see quite plainly that she was an elleth. She was tall and thin but she held herself with an air of authority and purpose. Her hair fell behind her and parted for her weapons as if she had done it purposefully. Sighing she kneeled and scooped some water into her hands bringing it to her lips. She did that twice more before she stood and dried her