Hey guys here's our new story! We hope you like it :). Thanks to all the people who gave us Characters we really appreciate it. Rosamund POV: "Rose hurry up!"Jenna calls running up the hill "I'm coming! " I call back Jenna and I are heading to Camp halfblood because my aunt Marisol decided it would be good to go to a place where we're safe. I understand the whole demigod thing but I've never met my mom and I don't know her name. My dad never mentioned her while he was alive, he died when I was twelve and when Jenna was eight. Three years later(For those of you who aren't real bright when it comes to math,like Country Cathy, Rose is 15 and Jenna is 11)we are being dropped off at Camp . I stop half way up the hill and admire my little sister. She is 4'7 with dark brown hair which she wears in pig tails and emerald eyes. I think about my appearance, my honey blonde hair which I wear half up,half down, jade eyes, tan skin and my small frame for my age only reaching a height of 5'3. I speed up my pace to catch Jen. When we reach the top of the hill, my breathe way taken away by the beautiful beach, green grass, amazing cabins lined up in perfect rows. "Wow." Jenna gushes I smile at my sisters happy face. Maybe this camp won't be so bad after all . "Let's go! " I say running down the hill "Hey!" says a girl with long black hair and bluish grey eyes "Hi I'm Jenna Brooks but you can call me Jen." My sister speaks up "I'm Lani Tenor,daughter of Aleolus." she says "I'm Rosamund Brooks but you can call me Rose if you'd like." I say shyly "Well Jen there's lots of kids your age you can play with over by the beach!" Lani exclaims "Thats awesome!" Jenna squeals running for the beach in full speed "Why don't I give you a tour of CHB?" Lani offers "CHB?" I ask confused "Camp Halfblood silly!" Lani laughs I laugh awkwardly feeling my shy side over coming me. I was jolted awake from my thoughts when Lani started to drag me towards the incredible camp. "Here's all the cabins. Once you are claimed, you and your sister will call one of them home. Also the dining hall is over there and that's the big house!" Lani admires as she points to a beautiful building "This camp is so peaceful!" I smile "Oh just wait till we get to the training part" she says smirking "Hey who's the newbie" A girl with light brown hair and blue eyes . She was an shorter than me, around 5'2. Her hair fell is waves to waist. "Rose meet Jamie,daughter of Apollo and my BFF!" Lani smiles "Nice to meet you" I say feeling uncomfortable "You too" she says shaking my hand "What are you guys up to?" Jamie asks "Just showing Rose the beautiful scenery and stuff" Lani laughs "Well if you want to show her the wonders of this camp then look over there" she says pointing to a guy sitting in a hot tub with a bunch of girls, that's Ross, son of Apollo" Jamie drools I squint to get a better look at Ross. He has medium length black hair and beautiful bright blue eyes along with pale skin and the perfect amount of muscle. Another boy climbs into the hot tub with Ross and the girls. He too has black hair and blue eyes but his hair is shaggy and reaches his eyebrows. His eyes are magnificent midnight blue. "Like what you see?" Lani teases "Um no?" I almost ask blushing a deep red "Well in case you do, that's Grayson McMillen, son of Khione" Jamie laughs I just laugh feeling more comfortable around these two girls Sierra's POV: I was practicing my archery when I saw Lani and Jamie walking with a new girl. "Hey guys!"I say "Oh hey Sierra this is Rose" Lani says "Hi I'm Sierra Andrews daughter of Athena, I met your sister earlier she's sweet!"I say shaking her hand "Nice to meet you and thanks." she says shyly "So what have you showed her so far?"I ask "Oh the cabins, big house and of course the hunks!" Jamie drools "Ugh Ross! " I say, he drives me crazy the way he thinks he can get whatever he wants just by flashing his million dollar smile "He's not that bad!" Lani defends "Have you talked to him?" I ask anger boiling inside me "Come let's introduce Rose to him and Grayson" Jamie says "Oh it's fine they seem busy!" Rose says blushing "Oh I can get Ross's attention " I say lifting my bow in he's direction and shooting, I may not be the best at archery but I have my good shots "What the Hades?"he says looking up at me "Oh sorry I missed the target!" " I say with fake sweetness "I guess it's expected from you, since you've never been good archery. " he says smirking "At least I have a brain!I snap back "At least people like me!" he smiles " When you're this gorgeous, you don't need a brain" "That's it!" I say pushing him "Oh is that how this is going to go?" he's says pulling me into the hot tub "You are the biggest jerk I have ever met!"I scream slapping him and walking away, my blonde hair sticking to my face Ross's POV: Okay maybe I went a little to far, I mean she's so weird around water "Dude go apologize " Grayson demands "No way she totally deserves it! She's always freaking out at me" I say angrily "Whatever man! Forget your ego for two seconds and apologize!" Grayson says "I hate to intrude on this bromance but we have someone for you guys to meet" Lani smiles "This is Rosamund Brooks but you can call her rose!" Jamie says pushing a pretty girl towards us "Hi." she says looking at the ground "Hey I'm Grayson McMillen." Grayson says holding out his hand "I'm Ross Vega!" I smile with my million dollar smile "Nice to meet you." she mumbles with red cheeks "Don't worry about blushing around me, it happens all the time." I wink "DUDE!" Grayson screams hitting me "Not the face! It's my money maker!" I say blocking my face "I'm so sorry about my rude friend. How about I show you the dining hall since it's almost time to eat." Grayson says attempting to flirt "Its okay Jamie and Lani already gave me a tour but thanks for the offer." Rose says sweetly "Bye losers!" Jamie teases "Bye boys" Lani flirts winking at Grayson Rose's POV: "We should go find Sierra." Lani says "Yeah let's go check on her." Jamie agrees "Why do they hate each other? I ask "Well they say hate we say love but it all started on Sierra's first day here, Ross showed her around and they became really good friends and they did some quests together but one day Ross did something mean to her and ever since the they have "hated " each other." Lani explains "Oh."I say "Oh look there she is!" Jamie says running towards her "Oh hey girls." She says looking up from her book "Hey Sierra can you bring Rose to the dinning hall Jamie and I have something to do?"Lani asks "Sure I'd love to ." Sierra says smiling "Thanks bye guys. " Jamie calls as they run off "If you're looking for Jen I saw her playing a game with some of the other Kids on the beach. " She says "Okay can we go find them?" I ask "Sure."she says walking towards the beach I take the time to look at her, she has her blonde hair in a french braid and she has blue eyes, her skin is a little taned like she spends most days outside "I'm sorry about earlier."she says looking down at her feet "It's okay, Lani and Jamie told me you two don't get along."I explain "Oh yeah he just gets on my nerves. "She says looking embarrassed I just smile,we continue to talk about other things "Hey Rose!"Jenna squeals "Hey Jen, make any friends?" I ask "Yeah this is Hagan!" she says pointing to a boy with medium length brown hair and chocolate brown eyes. "Its nice to meet you, I'm Rosamund but you can call me Rose!"I say smiling "I'm Hagan Reeds,son of Nike."he says shaking my hand "Let's go eat!"Sierra says leading us to the dinning hall Sierra's POV : Why do I hate Ross? Easy he ruined my life. How? Well we use to be best friends and I told him every thing, like the reason I hate water. My dad was the only family I had, and one night before I went to bed he told me about the Greek gods and my mom athena, he told me about the Camp and how some day soon I would get the chance to go there. The next day he went on a fishing trip with his friends, that night he didn't come home,I was only 8 at the time but I decided it would be best if I went to the took me two years but I got there when I was ten. Ross was 11 and he showed me around and taught me how to fight he was my first and only friend. He's the only person I told about my dad, I told him I blamed my mom for his death because Athena and Posiden hate each other and my dad died at sea. When I was 13 Ross Vega thought it would be funny to push me of the dock in front of the whole camp. I panicked and starting crying (which for me is rare) he just laughed at me along with the rest of the camp. Everyone made fun of me after that and Ross never stood up for me after that we didn't talk unless it was to embarrass each other. 3 years later we still hate each other and we are both the head of the camp. "Sierra are you okay? " Rose ask "Yeah why?"I ask being pulled from my thoughts "Your crushing your roll."she smiles "Oh right, just thinking."I smile trying my best to put the roll back together Grayson's POV: Ross and I walked into the dining hall and the first thing I noticed was the small brunette sitting beside Sierra, if only Sierra and Ross still got along we could sit with them. "Dude, you should go apologize to Sierra now." I say looking over at the girls "Oh alright I guess if it means so much to you. " Ross says smirking "Thanks man!" I say walking over to them "Hey Sierra looks like you finally dried off." Ross says walking up to her "No thanks to you." she replies "Hey Rose!" I say smiling "Oh hey Grayson." she says blushing "Rose, who's this?" A small brunette with pigtails ask "Jenna this is Grayson, Grayson this is my sister Jenna."she says smiling "Hi I'm Jenna but you can call me Jen! " she says sticking her hand out "Nice to meet you Jen, I'm Grayson but you can call me Gray." I say shaking her hand "Sierra as I was saying before Gray interrupted, I'm really sorry for what I did." Ross says looking her in the eye "Well Ross maybe you should think before you do something but I guess I won't punish you this time." Sierra says looking happy to finally get an apology "Maybe I should think before I do something, but where's the fun in that!" Ross say dumping food all over Sierra "What was that for!" Sierra Yells grabbing her tray "For actually thinking I was sorry!