It had been an utterly boring Solmath, until Pippin arrived from Great Smials – very unexpectedly and behaving very oddly, even for Pip. Frodo brought him in out of the cold and sat him down at the kitchen hearth, and there he sat, saying nothing. Frodo prepared them tea and biscuits, then settled beside him in front of the fire. "Do they know you're here, Pippin?" Pippin shivered and shrugged, shook his head and then nodded. "I left a note for Vinca to find. She'll tell everyone." Frodo left him in his coat for the time being but pulled off his mitts and chafed his cold hands. "You didn't walk all the way… " Pippin looked up at him, rosy cheeked and wide eyed. "I rode Wimsey." Frodo put a cup of hot tea into his hands. "I hope you took care of her." Pippin nodded emphatically. Frodo nodded. "Good lad." He supposed it could be worse. If Pal and Auntie Eg were concerned, they would send someone to check. More likely they were glad to let him deal with it, whatever it was. Frodo poured a cup of tea for himself then slipped an arm around his cousin's shoulders. "Alright then, Pip, to what do I owe the pleasure of this visit?" The lad looked at him, and looked away. "Merry went home." Frodo supposed Merry had to do that now and again. "Why didn't you go with him?" Pippin pursed his lips and stuck out his pointed chin. "We had a fight." "Ah, I see." Pip apparently thought otherwise. "You don't!" Frodo stared into those flashing green eyes until they were abruptly averted. He sighed. "Then you'd better tell me all about it." "I can't." Frodo patiently pressed him. "What did you fight about?" "I don't know… " "Pip… " Tears welled up in the lad's eyes. Frodo gently rubbed his arm, and waited for him to come out with it, which he did at last in a breathy rush. "I don't know why, he was just angry, and it wasn't my fault!" Which really didn't get them much of anywhere. As a prelude to starting again, Frodo picked up the plate of biscuits and offered it. Pippin looked at it with big, sad eyes. "I'm not hungry." That was a shock. Frodo pressed his palm to the lad's brow. "Are you ill, Pip?" He hadn't thought of that, and didn't like to. But Pippin shook his head. "Frodo… where's Sam? I thought he would be here." With regret, Frodo said, "Sam's in Bywater, helping them shovel out the smials along the north lane." The Shire was in a hard winter and Sam had been away much more than home these past weeks, out working to keep the roads cleared so food and other necessities could be delivered to where they were needed. Sam had spent most of the previous week out Needlehole way, helping shore up a row of grain silos that were in danger of collapse from the heavy snow. He'd only been back from that two days and they'd had little time to even talk, with Sam exhausted and he busy doing his part as he could. "He'll be back later, Pip." Pippin sighed and went on sitting there, shivering, staring into the fire. Frodo set down his tea and stood. "Come on, Pippin. Let's get you into some warm, dry clothes. I suppose you didn't bring anything of your own." Pippin just shook his head. Frodo laid a hand on his shoulder to get him up but he wrapped his arms around his middle and wouldn't be budged. "My stomach hurts." Frodo knelt in front of him, maybe not such a good idea on second thought. "Are you going to be sick?" He shook his head again, but didn't look altogether sure of it. Frodo moved to lay a hand on his knee. "Would you like to lie down, Pip?" The lad dodged his touch with a shiver. "I want to wait here." Wait? For Sam? It pleased Frodo when he could help his young cousins with their problems. But he couldn't help if Pip wouldn't tell him what the problem was. He pushed himself to his feet and took down a lamp to light. "I'll get you something to change into." The lad just sat there, waiting. Frodo passed the study on his way down the hall and quickly stopped in. He'd left candles burning and papers scattered over the desktop. He'd been working on a plan for distributing the surplus stored in Bag End's cellars. He'd meant to go down the hill later and talk to Clematis Bolger about setting up a town meeting. It was important, but it could wait another day. He placed his quill back in its well and snuffed the candles. The bedroom was cold and dark. Sam had left very early that morning, after getting home late the night before and nearly falling asleep in his supper. He'd slept deeply, limp and heavy in Frodo's arms, but still managed to be awake when he needed to be, to get back to work. Frodo had been restless and wakeful all night himself. He was still restless inside, lonely and wanting Sam. At least Pip might take his mind off all that. Frodo picked out clothes for the lad from his own dresser, then went back to the kitchen and laid them there beside him. Pippin looked up at him with a remorseful expression. "I didn't mean to be snippy to you, Fro." Frodo gave him a willing smile. "It's alright, Pip. Is your stomach hurting still?" Pippin heaved a sigh and nodded. "I think it wants food." Frodo thought so too. "I'll fix us something. You get changed." Frodo had no intention of watching him do that, but ended up standing with an armload of potatoes in the pantry doorway just staring, as the lad went to great lengths to maneuver a change of clothing without showing even a sliver of bare skin. Pip being modest? It was unheard of. He finished at last and turned with a sheepish look, his hair sticking out in all the wrong places and his shirttails hanging. Frodo couldn't help smiling. "You're a sight, Pip." Pippin dragged his fingers through his hair. "Is that better?" Frodo valiantly stifled a need to laugh. "Better." He put down what he was carrying on the table and turned to see about firing up the cookstove. Pippin came and plopped himself down at the table to watch. "Frodo… why does Merry have to be so stubborn and pig headed?" That was quite the question. "Pig headed? You are upset with him, aren't you?" Pippin's mouth dropped open. "I am not! He's upset with me. And I didn't do anything… " That last declaration faded into uncertainty. Frodo let Pippin think about it while he got a fire going in the stove. When he turned from it at last, the lad was looking hopelessly forlorn. "Pip." He sat down across from his young cousin at the table. "I think you need to tell me exactly what you both said to each other, then we'll see what needs to be done to make it right." Pippin squirmed, dropping his eyes. "I can't!" He folded his arms on the table and buried his face, and that was that. With his patience just a little bit tried, Frodo got up and set about heating a pan and dicing a slab of bacon. The lad would feel better once he was fed. Pippin raised his head finally. "Fro… when do you think Sam will be back?" Frodo quietly sighed. "Probably not until after dark, Pip." Pippin sighed, not at all quietly, and went back to his vigil. Sam stopped at Number 3 long enough to let his Gaffer know what the news was from Bywater, to say the road was clear but if the wind picked up it would be drifted over again before long. It was only the middle of afternoon but he'd wrenched his shoulder and rather than risk making it worse and being unable to work for days, he'd put down his shovel early. The Gaffer shook his head at the weather and gave him a bottle of liniment for his shoulder. Marigold gave him a basket of fresh baked muffins and told him to get some rest. To make her happy, he said he would. Rest wasn't exactly what Sam had in mind though. He climbed the Hill with no other thought in his head than having the evening to spend with Frodo. They were both deserving of a little time for each other. The road was icy in places, and narrowed by snowdrifts on either side. Bag End was near buried, all shut up and cozy. Frodo would be in the study, writing by candlelight, those eyes of his bright and intent as he worked. Or he'd be thoughtfully pondering some weighty matter, slowly brushing his quill feather back and forth over those lips. It was enough to put a smile on Sam's face, and make him grateful for a sore shoulder. A smell of bacon frying came to him as he quietly closed the front door and leaned his tools in a corner out of the way. Just in time for tea, and Frodo was cooking. He eased out of his coat and hung it up, his stomach rumbling. His smile widened. He went silently, thinking he might catch Frodo in a hug if his back was turned. And Frodo's back was turned, his attention set on stirring a sizzling pan on the stove, but he wasn't alone. Master Pippin was there, sitting at the table looking pitiful. So much for surprising Frodo with a cuddle. Sam stepped into the kitchen, letting himself be heard. Frodo turned and met his eyes with a warm, welcoming smile and more relief than seemed warranted. Master Pippin looked around and brightened several shades. Sam gave him a pleasant nod. "Master Pippin. Have they got the road from Tuckborough cleared already?" The lad promptly launched into a report of his trip. "The road was terrible, Sam! Have you ever seen so much snow all at once? And they've no place to shovel it to but alongside the way. It was like riding through a tunnel made of cloud with the sky all gray, and Wimsey didn't like the drifts at all. I had to get down and talk her through them and my toes were freezing." He stopped for a second to get a breath. "It was hard but we just kept going and we finally got here." Sam was sympathetic. "Sounds like it's a lucky thing you made it, sir. Is Master Merry not with you then?" The lad went from excitement over his adventure getting there to looking pitiful again, in a blink. Frodo said, "They had a fight." Well, that was nothing new. Master Pippin looked Sam directly in the eye for a moment, a look that said there was a tale to be told, but he made no move to tell it. Sam went to the stove to see what Frodo was cooking, and Frodo gave him a discreetly exasperated look. "Did you get the north smials dug out?" Sam tried to sound easy and reassuring. "Nay, they're still at work on it. I threw my shoulder a bit, so I left off. That last snowfall was a wet, heavy one and it looks like more coming." Frodo moved toward him, reaching out, then stopped himself. "How bad is it, Sam?" Sam was mostly sure Master Pippin knew all about them, but Frodo wasn't so sure and never liked them being too touchy when his cousins were around, Pippin especially. "Nay, Mister Frodo, just a stitch. But I'd not like it getting worse if a few hours off it might help." Frodo didn't look at all reassured. Sam took out the liniment and showed it