Summary: When Harry dies in the final battle, a plan enacted by the late Albus Dumbledore sends Hermione Granger back into an altered timeline. Growing up in ignorance to her past, Hermione's world is turned upside down when everything comes back on her eleventh birthday. Will she be able to save everyone she loves, or will she crush under pressure? Pairings: Hermione/Sirius (Main) – James/Lily (Minor) – Remus/Regulus (Minor) Disclaimer: I do not own these characters or this world, though this plotline is of my own creation. Warnings: This story will contain violence, swearing, overall debauchery and sexual content. Please do not read if any of this offends you. Note: This story will kick off with Hermione and James's childhood, going through it quickly, as well as first-third year. The older they get, the longer I will spend on each school year. Chapter One – Prologue 25th June, 1997 "Ah, Miss Granger," Albus Dumbledore said as Hermione entered his office, "Please, have a seat." "Hello Sir," She greeted, as she sat on one of the arm chairs he had opposite of his desk, "is there something the matter?" She asked, addressing his grave expression. Dumbledore sighed, "I am afraid I have called you here tonight to ask a great deal of you, Miss Granger." — "Sir, no offence, but how do you even know this will work?" Hermione asked, "I'm sorry, but it sounds farfetched." "Miss Granger, I assure you I have personally developed this spell over the course of seventeen years, and it will work as intended. Though I will only cast it if you are to agree, and it will not activate unless the worst comes to pass." Hermione thought over her options, on one hand, the plan was absurd. But the more she thought about it, she realized it was as good of a contingency as any, but still. Was she even the best person for the job? Surely someone with more experience and skill should take her place. She was just a sixth year student. There was no way that she could really manage all of this, was there? "So, this only happens if Harry dies?" "Yes, you will be completely unaffected if he comes out of this war alive." "Okay," She nodded resolutely, "I'll do it." "Wonderful," Dumbledore exclaimed before launching into a tirade of what she needed to know, and how everything would work. It was several hours later that the finally casted the spell. He used two drops of her blood, some of Harry's which she wondered how he had acquired, and another two drops from a vial labeled "J.C.P. '80". He placed the blood mixture into a foul smelling potion and told Hermione to drink it. She hesitated, but ultimately downed the bottle. Once the spell was cast, Dumbledore had a pitying look in his eyes, "I'm sorry about this part Miss Granger, but it is for the best." "I don't understa-" "Obliviate." -o-o-o- 27th March, 1960 "Oh, Monty, look at them!" Euphemia Potter exclaimed, clutching onto her husband's arm. They stared down at the two babies curled in their hospital cribs. One was wrapped in a pale pink blanket and the other in a baby blue. Each had small wisps of fine black hair on their heads. The little tags at the end of each crib read "Hermione Dorea Potter" and "James Charlus Potter." "I see them, Mia." Fleamont replied happily at his bumbling wife. "They're beautiful, we did well." Mia laughed as a few tears slipped down her cheeks, staring at their miracles. She never thought she would be able to have children. She and Monty had tried for years, but she never managed to get pregnant. They had tried every potion and spell they could and had seen every specialist they could find but nothing had worked. Then one lucky day, Mia found out that she was carrying. Now, at fifty one years of age, she and her husband brought two beautiful children into the world. Their little boy came at 9:35 a.m. and baby Hermione followed quickly at 9:42 a.m. and they couldn't have been happier with their little bundles of joy. -o-o-o- 27th March, 1970 – 6:09 a.m. "Hermione!" James yelled as he came barreling down the hall, "Wake up!" Hermione rolled over in her bed, groaning. She was normally a morning person, but there was a vast difference between morning and the crack of dawn. Hermione pulled the blankets over her head, trying to block out the light that was leaking though her drapes. "Hermione! It's our birthday," James yelled as he slammed open the door to her bedroom. "You need to get up! We have presents!" "Go away James!" She groaned, "I'm sleeping!" James ran into her room, ripping the blankets off of her balled up form. He pulled on her arm as she swatted him with the other. "Come on!" He cried, "Wake up, let's go!" "Ugh!" She screamed as he pulled her out of bed. She landed on the ground with a thud and glared up at her brother. His messy black hair was sticking up in every which way. His eyes were bright with excitement but still had the telltale red rims of sleep around them. Hermione was pretty sure she could see a drool spot on the sleeve of his Hollyhead Harpies shirt as well. "I hate you." She proclaimed, scowling up at him. "No you don't," He grinned, "You love me. And there are presents, come on 'Mione!" He grabbed her hand and hauled her up and pulled her from the room. James dragged his twin through the manor and down the stairs to the dining room where a breakfast feast was laid out for them, courtesy of the house elves. All of their favorites were displayed proudly on the large table. Waffles and bacon and eggs for Hermione. Full English for James, along with a mixture of other pastries and goodies. Their parents were both sitting at one end of the table chatting amongst each other. "Hello, Loves." Euphemia Potter greeted, "Happy Birthday!" She quickly stood and made her way to her children, hugging them each. Their father, Fleamont, quickly did the same. "Now, you know the drill, eat first. Then you can open your gifts." Mia said. Every year was the same, their parents hid the gifts for the twins in the drawing room, magically locking it the night before their birthday. Every year, James would try and sway their parents to let him open at least one gift before breakfast. Every year, they would deny him. Hermione would be eating her meal at this point, and every year, she would point out how James only succeeded in wasting time that he could have used to eat, thus resulting in presents sooner. "But mum, please!" He begged, "Just one! I swear! "No, Love." Mia held firm, "Now eat your breakfast." "Why do you hate me?" James cried dramatically. Mia rolled her eyes at her son. "If I hated you, why would I buy you presents, James?" "Because, Mum, everyone knows you have to buy presents for your children on their birthday, it's the law." He said, as if it was the most obvious thing in the world. Hermione was half done with her meal at this point. James continued to point out reasons that he should get to open his presents first thing in the morning on his birthday while he loaded his plate. He finally stopped with his rant so he could shovel food into his mouth. Hermione scrunched up her nose at her brother's antics. He looked like a savage as he alternated bites of toast and eggs. "So, how does it feel to be officially ten?" Her father asked her as she finished with her meal. Hermione smiled up at him. James was looking more and more like their father every day. Same messy, dark hair, the same long and slim nose. James was even starting to get a similar bone structure. Though her brother still held his youthful roundness to his face, it was evident which parent he was taking after. Hermione on the other hand looked more like her mother. She and James were not identical, though they were obviously siblings. They had matching black hair and hazel eyes, but while James's hair was straight, hers fell in thick curls down her back. As a small child, she was a mess of frizz and tangles, causing difficult mornings for Euphemia, whose curls were far less rambunctious. Finally Fleamont put his potions mastery to good use and developed Sleekeazy's, a hair potion which helped tame their daughter's hair. The potion took her hair from insane and unmanageable to wild and beautiful. Their potion worked so well, they marketed the stuff and had sold their millionth bottle last spring. "Honestly," Hermione said to her father, "It doesn't feel much different from nine." Her father smiled and laughed, "Well, I suppose it is eleven that is the special one. I remember my eleventh birthday, probably the most excited I had ever been in my life at that point." "You remember that?" James asked, his mouth full of food, "Wasn't that during the dark ages?" "Nineteen hundred and nineteen was not that long ago, I'll have you know, Mister." Fleamont said, glaring at his son with a joking nature. "You know, you should be nicer to the man who is holding your birthday presents hostage." James's eyes widened comically, he swallowed his food and pretended to draw a halo around his head, a meek smile on his face, "I am every so sorry, my wonderful, youthful, father." He declared dramatically. Fleamont scoffed, "Let go you little hooligan, I guess you can open your presents." James ran as fast as he could to the drawing room, the rest of their small family following behind him. They laughed as he ran straight into the door, forgetting it was locked and wouldn't swing open. James glared at his the door and then his family. "That didn't happen." He said. Rolling his eyes, Fleamont unlocked the door with his wand and the rest of the family filed in behind James. The first thing that caught James's attention was the pair of long, broom sized boxes at the back of the pile. James and Hermione had gotten training brooms when they were five. They didn't go any higher than two feet off of the ground. When they were seven they each received a Comet Junior, they rose to four feet and were a bit larger. Flying had always scared Hermione, but she pushed on as it was an activity that her brother loved with a passion. Having a full sized, full speed broom caused a nervous flit to occur in her stomach. While James's was happily ripping the paper off of his box, Hermione turned to a smaller package addressed to her. As she opened the box with a set of books on beginner's transfiguration, James yelled out with joy as he lifted a new broom out of his box. "Merlin's Balls!" James exclaimed, much to his mother's chagrin, who chastised him for his language. "This is a Nimbus 1000! This is one of the fastest brooms on the market!" The broom in his hands was of a sleek, dark finish. The twigs at the end tapered into a fine point and the handle was engraved with gold lettering spelling out the broom's name. Hermione stared with wide, fearful eyes. She knew James would want to go fly together as soon as their gifts were opened, but Hermione wanted nothing more than to stick with her Comet Junior. "'Mione! Look!" He exclaimed! "Yeah," she said, faking excitement, "That's great James." She wanted so badly to tell her parents to return it and give her a certificate to Flourish and Blotts, but flying was one of the only things James really loved and she wanted to share that with her brother. "Come on