Hey everyone! Here I am with another (hopefully) funny one-shot. I hope you all like it and don't forget to read and review! Please. This is Movie-Verse so if it contradicts the books in anyway,I am sorry, truly. Riding Lessons Gimli grumbled and rolled over in his sleep, whispering something. Legolas was annoyed but didn't let it show. After the display Gimli had shown during the recent Warg battle, Legolas really had no patience for him. By the Valar, the Dwarf had ended up under two Wargs and a Goblin! All was calm, for now. They were waiting to move the remaining men out of Edoras to begin building an army that will march to Minas Tirith's aid. For now, Legolas, Gimli, Aragorn and Merry were stuck together, in a long rectangular room. Their only beds were soft feather, over large 'pillows' on the floor but that wasn't what was bothering Legolas at the moment. It was the snoring! No Elf snored. He could remember when Aragorn had first come to Mirkwood and Legolas had met him for the first time, the man had been but a boy, hardly out of his 'elfling' years. He'd snored so loudly that every Elf in his father's halls had been awake all night and every one of them had been out for blood the next morning. After that, they had managed to teach Aragorn techniques for a silent sleep but the Hobbit and the Dwarf were enough to outmatch Aragorn, hands down. Not to mention the fact that Legolas' sharp ears could pick up the position of every sleeping male in the building…and perhaps some of the women as well. Sitting up, he grabbed his brown and green tunic from a small, knee high table next to him and pulled it over his silver shirt. Clipping it shut, he grabbed his cloak, donned it and left the room silently…which wasn't hard as the room was so loud. Once outside in the cool night air, Legolas breathed a sigh of relief and rubbed his ears unconsciously. There was a slight ringing in them. Out in the field beyond the high gates, Legolas could see a herd of horses bolting across the plains, whinnying, leaping and playing in the cool night air. His own, Arod, was amongst, them, his shimmering white coat catching the light of the moon and turning it silver. "Oh, Arod." Legolas whispered. The horse stopped as though his silent call had been heard. Watching curiously, he saw the horse turn from the herd and bolt towards Edoras at all speed. His heart leaping, Legolas leapt down the stairs, landing catlike on the ground far below and raced through the town to the gates. "Open the gates!" Legolas commanded the keeps. The task was done just in time for Arod to bolt through and shutter to a halt beside his master. "You silly creature, what is wrong?" The horse nuzzled into his shoulder, nickering softly. Legolas laughed and ran a white hand down his pale horse's neck. As he moved his palm over the smooth hair of Arod's back, he suddenly had a brilliant idea. It was not yet sunrise when Legolas entered the sleeping chamber again but Aragorn was already stirring. Legolas said nothing to him but approached the Dwarf who was not to happy about being woken so early. "You blasted Elf," He muttered sleepily, opening his eyes after Legolas had shook him roughly for five minutes. "I'm awake already." Legolas face swam in his vision, beautiful as always and smiling manically. "Then waken already, and get up! It is passed morning three hours ago!" Gimli moaned into his pillow. It was only three in the morning, in other words. When Gimli didn't say anything, Legolas' strong hand was again on his shoulder and the shaking again. Gimli tried to swat him away, earning a melodic laugh that erritated the Dwarf even more. "Come, Gimli! Up and away with you, we are going to the stables!" This sparked the Dwarf's attention. Opening his eyes, he blinked away sleep and glared at the happy, well groomed being who crouched over him, glowing as though he held the power of the sun under his skin. "Why would I want to go to the ruddy stables, I'll ask you, Elf? I have no wish to see horses or any other terrible beast your mind can concoct. Leave me be." He swatted at Legolas again, who maneuvered away from his flying hand easily. "Why, Gimli. This will be an adventure, I assure you." Gimli snorted. "I am going to give you riding lessons." Gimli shot up so fast that Legolas leapt back in surprise, just managing to miss Merry who was stirring. The Hobbit yelped and rolled off his bed and onto Aragorn who had been just about to rise. Legolas laughed again, and they all realized nothing could dampen his spirit today. "It will be fun." "Fun?" Gimli snorted, rolling his eyes. He'd had a lot to drink the night before, as had the Elf but only one of them had a hang-over. Merry picked himself up off Aragorn and muttered an apology before going back to his own bedroll and crawling back under the warm blanket. He hadn't been himself since Pippin had been taken away with Gandalf. "If it is so fun, why not teach the Hobbit?" Merry sat up, wide eyed and stared at Legolas who laughed again. "No," Merry looked relieved until Legolas continued, "I will teach him later, when I have time. It is you who needs the lessons more, anyhow." "Why?" Gimli grumbled. Legolas' smile died and he looked sullen for a moment. "Because, I will not always be there to ride for you. If something happened to me I would need someone to protect Arod. You must learn how to ride, Gimli. You barely stay on and fall off when the horse enters more then a trot." Gimli bristled. "That is hardly true, Elf!" He snapped. "I rode into the Warg battle." "Barely! Gimli, a hunk of cheese rides better then you." Legolas answered. Gimli grumbled and rolled over in his blanket, shaking his head and hoping the Elf would get his anser, 'no'. Legolas sighed and his slow, steady, silent steps were barely audible on the cold stone floor. It was obvious that he was deliberately stepping heavily so Gimli would hear. "Well, I guess, if you are scared then…" Aragorn grinned at Merry who was watching, wide-eyed. If Legolas was really determined to do something and have someone follow along, he would stoop to considerably low measures to do it. Aragorn had the scars to prove it and the memories of Legolas' taunts and insults. "Scared, am I?" Gimli roared, leaping to his feet, all tiredness forgotten in an instant. "Lead me to that beast of yours, Legolas! I will ride him all over the country side to prove you wrong." Legolas laughed and grabbed Gimli's arm before racing from the room, the Dwarf barely keeping up. Aragorn sighed and got to his feet, pulling on his cloak. He wouldn't miss this for anything. "Coming, Merry?" He asked. Merry shrugged and got to his feet as well, pulling on his own cloak. Aragorn clapped him on his small shoulder. "Don't worry, with those two, this should be quite entertaining." It was full sun-rise before Legolas led Arod from the barn and through Edoras to the large doors through which the horse had run though just that night. He would train Gimli out here, in the open field where there was little risk of anyone being fallen on. The Dwarf himself stumped loudly after them, his face set in a grim, grumpy line as he watched the swaying of the animal's back and glared at the blond haired Elf that led it. Every once and a while, the people from Edoras who followed curiously behind, heard the Dwarf saw something about 'damn Elf' and 'beast of burden'. Aragorn sat down in the heavy grass beside Eowyn and Merry, their backs against the wooden wall, Edoras' defense. A small group of civilians who needed entertainment in these dark times, spread out around the wall and soon there was a nice little audience. Legolas leapt lightly onto Arod's back, adjusting to the saddle and then reached down, pulling Gimli up in front of him. The saddle proved to be way to small and soon Legolas was sitting behind it, nearly sliding off Arod's read end. He placed the reins in Gimli's hand, showing him the proper way to hold them and correcting him when he did it wrong. He announced loudly that the Dwarf's posture was all wrong and that he needed to sit up straight and proud. Gimli grumbled loudly, making a few of the younger women laugh nearby. "Aragorn!" Legolas called, smiling. Aragorn pulled himself up and walked over briskly to the horse's side. Arod stamped impatiently and looked around at him as he approached with a pleading look in his deep brown eyes. "Can you adjust Gimli's stirrups?" When he was done and the cold metal bars were in place beneath Gimli's broad feet, Aragorn positioned them properly and then went back to his seat by the wall to tumultuous applause. "Thank you, Aragorn." Gimli grumbled. Aragorn nodded to him, ignoring the fact that Gimli had been very sarcastic. Legolas instructed Gimli to lower his heels as far as he could, pointing his toes up in the air because it created balance. Twice Gimli's feet came out of the stirrups and Legolas had to contort himself to adjust them. "Okay, Gimli." Legolas said in a business like tone. "Squeeze gently with your heels and Arod will begin to move." Leaning around Gimli, Legolas whispered, "N'ndengina ho." (Don't kill him) to Arod. Gimli bristled and turned his head to glare at his friend. "What did you tell him?" Gimli snapped. Legolas smiled slyly. "Nothing to worry about, my friend." He assured but Gimli looked none to convinced. "You told him to buck me off, didn't you?" He growled. Legolas rolled his eyes and straightened up, holding tightly onto Gimli's vast sides. "When you are ready, master Dwarf." Legolas said. Gimli didn't move. He just sat there, his hands holding onto Arod's reins, his legs poised in the proper positions. Though he'd slouched forward a little, a quick prod in the small of the back from Legolas' index finger made him straighten. "Come on, Gimli. I am here with you. I will not let go, I promise." Gimli made a weird sound and the same gaggle of young women nearby giggled loudly. Gimli turned back to them, dropping the reins in his left hand and shook a fist at them. He most have also squeezed his legs because, as he yelled at them, Arod sprang forward into a fast trot. The sudden movement unseated Gimli who fell off and hit the ground with a loud thud. Legolas, who had just managed to hold on with the tips of his fingers digging into the saddle's high leather seat, turned and smiled. He slid lightly off Arod's back and raced over to his fallen friend who was grumbling and struggling to get up. Legolas held up a hand to Aragorn, who was about to rise and shook his head. "It is alright, he is uninjured." He smiled and the crowd of startled and worried faces, ignoring the young girls who batted their eyelashes at him. "Aren't you, Gimli?" "I will not be put through this anymore." Gimli announced, pulling himself up and batting away Legolas' hand. "No more will this humiliation fall on me." "Gimli, you fell on the ground, the humiliation is simply temporary." Legolas answered. Gimli put a small hand on the middle of Legolas' chest and pushed him away roughly, trying to get to Edoras. Legolas merely staggered and rushed after his friend. Managing to get in front of him, Legolas fell to his knees