Alright so I found out this fiction was up for adoption, I just could resist. I love the plot and felt it was a shame it wasn't finished. The original writer, Naezee had hit a major wall. The second I finished reading the first 28 chapters, I just knew how this should end. I am going to post an original first 28 chapter once per day and then the 29th will be all me. I have what I feel to be the perfect ending and even a little surprise. Thank you Naezee for creating such an amazing story line. If you havent read this one yet, you are in for a real treat! "Delilah, come on girl, we gotta go," I shouted from the front yard. She came ambling out of the horse paddock at a nice, lazy pace. She met up with the most important person in my life, my three year old daughter. Alexis Grace was one of the best things that had ever happened to me. She, thankfully, had her dad's blonde hair and big green eyes. I loved that little girl more than I ever thought possible. I watched as Delilah walked over to Gracie and nudged her gently on the shoulder. Looking at the pair, I still found myself amazed at how loving and gentle Delilah was with Gracie. I watched as Gracie giggled while she reached out and grabbed hold of Delilah's red leather collar and led her over to the truck. Delilah towered over Gracie's small frame while Gracie's blonde curls blew up from her pig tails into her face. Sometimes, I wished that I had chosen a different breed of dog. You know, one that was a little quicker or a lot smaller, but Delilah is something special. She's an American Mastiff and built of solid muscle. She stands 32 inches tall at the shoulder and weighs 135 pounds. Some people don't understand why I love her so much, but when I was looking for a dog I had run across an article about the American Mastiff and I had fallen in love with the breed. After spending a year on waiting list, I hadn't actually picked Delilah out, truth be told. When I got to the breeder's house and went to see the puppies she chose me instead. She came running up to me and out of all the pups, she wouldn't leave my side. She was great for Gracie and myself. But, asI was saying, sometimes it's a hassle to get her going. Delilah believes in moving at her own pace and nothing you do or say gets her going any faster, well, unless you happen to be Gracie and you have a cookie for her. I was already running late. I had several errands to run this morning after dropping Gracie off at preschool, and I felt that there wasn't enough time in the day to accomplish everything I need to do. Normal Tuesday for me though. "Gracie, where should Delilah and I go first? To see Mr. Newton at the feed store or to pick up her food at the pet store?" I asked her. "I also have to go by to see Dr. Rose for Delilah's checkup today," I reminded myself. Delilah tilted her head as if to ask me why I thought that she would answer. If I left it up to her, she would go by to see because he is always slipping her treats. Gracie giggled up at me while she said, "to see Mr. Newton, Momma! Delilah loves him!" As we walked to the truck I went over my list of things to do in my head. First, I have to drop Gracie off at her preschool and then I have to go to the feed store to get my horse feed. Delilah also has an appointment at the vet for her annual checkup. I also have to make a run to the pet store to get Delilah's special dog food. Once all that was finished I have to get back home and do all the chores around the ranch before it's time to go back and pick Gracie up. So, that brings me back to Delilah. "Delilah! Come on baby, let's go. In the truck with you!" I said while opening the rear drivers side door. She finally decided to hop into the truck. As she sat in the seat I looked at what a beautiful sight she was. Her brindle coloring really showed up next to the red of the truck. Man, my truck . . . I love my truck. Its a red 2008 F-250 4x4. It's full sized with plenty of room to haul around Gracie, Delilah, and all my gear for the ranch. After getting Delilah loaded up and Gracie settled into her car seat, we headed into town. I decided to go to the feed store first after dropping Gracie off, because it would take the longest to get done. I quickly made my way to KidzTown, Gracie's school. I released her from the car seat and gathered her things that she needed to take with her. We walked up to the door with Gracie bouncing along beside me. She loved coming to school and I was so happy about that. I had worried sometimes that she wouldn't have many friends, but since finding KidzTown she had made several friends. I opened the door for her while she chatted away about the fun day she had ahead of her. Her favorite thing was to paint and today was painting day. "Can I paint when I get home?" she begged me with a slight pout to her lips. "We'll see Gracie, let's get through the day first, OK?" I asked her. "OK Momma. I love you!" she said while giving me a big hug. I squeezed her tightly to me before letting her go and watching her run off to play with her friend Mary. A clearing voice brought me out of my thoughts and I looked over to see her teacher, and one of my best friends, Alice. "Hey Bella! How are you guys this morning?" Alice asked. "Oh, same old same old. Trying to get Delilah in gear this morning was like pulling teeth!" I told her with a laugh. "Bella, you know I love you and Gracie like family, but I still don't see what you see in having a horse for a dog!" she jokedwith me. "Alice! I can't believe you would say something like that!" I said, hand on my chest, while pretending to be offended. Alice just laughed at my affronted airs. "I'll see you this afternoon Bella. Oh, when are you going to bring Delilah in for a visit again? You know the kids love her to death! I hope you do know I was just teasing you earlier, right? I love Delilah, too!" She rambled on as she bounced in place. "I'll see if I can get here in time this afternoon, if not maybe in the morning?" I questioned her. "That'll be fine, either one," she told me with a smile. I walked over and gave Gracie a hug and kiss again before telling her and her friend goodbye before I left the preschool. I realized the time and hauled my ass to the truck as quickly as I could. I pulled a cigarette out of my pack and lit up before pulling out of the center's parking lot and making my way to Newton's Feed. Newton's Feed is a family owned business that has been around town for the last 35 years. There is an old plank board porch that teems with sacks of feed, lawn mowers and other gardening needs for our small town. Rocking chairs sit on each side of the old double doors. There are always patrons rocking in them while passing time with the latest news about all our neighbors in this sleepy little town called Rico. As Delilah and I entered the store Mr. Newton, the owner, called out from the back as he labored tirelessly piling sacks of feed in a corner. "Be right with ya!" he yelled. "It's just me and Delilah, Mr. Newton" I called. Talking to old Mr. Newton was always a treat. He was full of great stories about the old days and how things used to be here in Rico. "Hey there Bella! What can I get for you today? Where's that little girl of yours? You know I like seeing her!" he inquired. "Gracie's at school this morning. She enjoys coming in to see you too!" I told him with a smile. "I need 10 sacks of sweet feed for the horses, Mr. Newton," I replied. "Just pull on 'round back then, and I'll have the boys load it for ya," he told me with a smile. Just then, I noticed Mr. Newton sneaking Delilah a treat. "Mr. Newton, what've I told you 'bout that?" I teased him with a smile as I walked up to the counter to pay. "Well now, Bella, how can a man resist that sweet face of hers?" he asked me smugly, knowing that I was also a sucker for that mug of hers. I laughed at him and agreed wholeheartedly, shaking my head as I paid my bill. Calling to Delilah, we left the store and got in the truck to pull around back. I got out and stood to the side to watch the boys load the feed while I smoked a cigarette. One of the guys, Eric Yorkie, walked over to where I was leaning against the back of the store smoking a Marlboro Light 100. "Hey Bella, you hear about that new tattoo parlor that just opened across town?" he asked between drags on his cigarette. I was a little surprised to hear about a tattoo parlor here because our fair town only had 2,132 people in it. Eric continued to give me all the juicy news about this new shop, called Skin Deep, and the owner, whose name was Edward Cullen. "Ms. Bella, you wouldn't believe what this guy looks like! He has this crazy brownish red long hair and his arms have tattoos all over them! I just cant believe someone like that would move here. What is this town coming to? You better watch yourself if you run into him. It's hard to tell what he might do to anybody. I did hear that he moved here from North Carolina. Maybe he was run out of town and had to move here." He rambled on, spewing all his word vomit to anyone who would listen to him. And of course, I was kind of a captive audience since the guys were loading MY feed! "Eric, you can't judge a man by his looks!" I retorted angrily. "You should know better than that!" Eric just looked at me with a frown in his mud brown eyes and didn't reply. He knew by now not to push my buttons about judging people. I was determined to not judge this unknown man based on looks and gossip alone. I had gotten my fair share of people judging me when I first moved here a few years ago. They couldn't believe that I was a single mom, living alone with my baby girl. She was only six months old when I came here. Some people think that I'm a little off my rocker anyway because I choose to have neon pink hair. Now, don't get me wrong. It's not all pink! Just the under side of my hair. Really, it's not all that noticeable unless I pull my long brown hair up into a pony tail or clip, and that's not very often. What the lovely townspeople don't realize is that I have my own tattoos. I've been drawn to tattoos since I was a teen and I have a rather large phoenix on my back, a butterfly