Title: Take it All Back Author: Mathisson Rating: M Genre: Romance/Angst Pairing: Bella/Edward Disclaimer: The characters used belong to Twilight and Stefanie Meyer. No copy write infringement is intentional. The plot, however, belongs to Mathisson. Take it All Back Bella ' s POV "Of course, I will tell him." "I'll go right now, he's with his friends and I'm sure the music is too loud to hear phones ringing." The bar was indeed loud with bright lights changing with the beat of the music. I felt so out of place, wearing old jeans and a ratty t-shirt, but I wasn't here for fun. No, I was here to deliver news that was never pleasant to give. I searched the crowded room for several minutes, the sea of bodies gyrating against each other. This had been too much for me, thus the reason he was here alone with his friends. Looking at the mass of people I noticed the scantily clad girls, skirts that looked to be more like wash cloths than clothing. The real reason I didn't frequent places like this. Girls like these went after what they wanted at the moment, no care for the repercussions or the lives they destroyed in their path. I noticed a dark haired girl, her skirt riding up to show the edge of her ass cheeks. I glanced passed her and my eyes landed on him…Edward. I met Edward a year and a half ago. I had tripped on the curb outside of work and cut my hand bad enough to require stitches. He was the doctor in the emergency room who took care of me. He talked to me while stitching me up and we discovered that we had several mutual friends. A few days later, he called me and asked me to dinner. I refused at first, but he was persistent and still is. He would ask me every time he saw me and after a while I gave in. After that first dinner, I was hooked. He did everything right by sending me flowers and taking me to nice places for dinner. After we had been together for a year, he asked my dad for my hand in marriage. Even his proposal was from a story book. His eyes landed on mine and I instantly knew he was angry. I looked to the floor as I headed in his direction. I would just tell him the news and then his anger would vanish. I would get him where he needed to be. The closer I got, the angrier he looked. I watched as he took a long drink from his bottle of beer, he stumbled a bit so I knew he had been drinking for a while. Standing in front of him he wouldn't look at me instead looking at his cousin, Emmett. "I don't fucking believe this shit." I opened my mouth to tell him the reason I was here, but he started shouting at me, effectively cutting me off. "I asked for one night Bella, one fucking night and you can't even give me four hours before you're plastering yourself to my side?" I would have interrupted him, but the words stung and I noticed people staring at us. "You can't even trust me to have a drink with my friends?...What?...Like I'm going to fuck the first girl who flashed her pussy at me?" I had been in counseling for years due to my trust issues. My biological parents told me they were going to the store and would be back in an hour. A few days later, the chief of police found me huddled in a closet crying. I was placed in his home and later when my parents couldn't be found, he and his wife Renee adopted me. I told Edward the story from the beginning. He knew I had massive issues and yet he wanted to help me. "I'm sick of this Bella! I'm sick of the look in your eyes every time I talk to another girl. I'm sick of waiting for you to get your shit together so that we can be a normal couple; a couple that has sex for fucks sake!" I knew he was completely drunk, but that didn't make the words sting any less. I had questioned him hundreds of times if the way I felt was an issue for him, hell, I even encouraged him to go find someone else who was normal. He told me that he loved me for who I was and that included my little quirks. "You know what?...Your fear I'm going to leave you? It's bullshit! How many years have to pass before you realize that not everyone leaves? Well here it is, now you can finally have something to tell that overpriced shrink you see!" I watched as he took another drink of beer followed by grabbing the red haired girl that had her back to him. He spun her around and planted a searing kiss on her. "The engagement is off! I want your shit out of my house. I want my stuff out of yours and I want you to lose my number!" I watched with a trembling lip as he wrapped his arm around the red head and walked away. "Bella, honey, talk to me, he's just drunk…" I looked at the sheets of paper clutched in my hands, the reason why I was here, the news I had to deliver. "Emmett…." I cut him off. It didn't matter why he said the things he did; the point was that he said them. "I need you to give this to him; it's very important." Emmett took the pages from me then tried to hug me. "Carlisle was in a major accident earlier this evening. Esme said the pressure on his brain is too high or something. They are worried they may not be able to save him." "That is his airline ticket, Esme booked it for him. He leaves in an hour and there is a taxi waiting outside." I handed the confirmation number, as well as, the address of the hospital in Seattle. I nearly forgot to give him the overnight bag I packed for him. "Let him know that I already called his work and they said to call when he had word about his father." I passed the bag to Emmett. He wanted to say something, but this was his uncle and I knew he would do anything he needed to get Edward on that plane. I was holding on so tight to the tears that begged to fall. The ticket that was tucked in my back pocket was burning a hole in my heart. Esme had insisted on buying me one as well. She said I was already family, however, I would wait a few days before I told her what transpired tonight. "Bella, just let me get him." I placed my hand on Emmett's arm stopping him. When I was first introduced to him, I assumed he was a steroid freak or at least a linebacker. I was surprised to find out he was a neurologist. He and Edward had attended med school together. "No Emmett, get him to his mother, she needs her son with her right now." I gave one more look to where Edward was, with three girls now and dancing in the middle of the revolving dance floor they were on, showing me his hands that were already traveling up the leg of the red head he had kissed earlier. I turned quickly as the first tear blurred my vision. I hurried for the door. I didn't want to have the breakdown that was certain to come in a room full of strangers. Passing the bouncer, he wished me a good night. I couldn't respond, because it was going to be anything but. I pressed my back to the brick wall just outside the club. I wanted to be able to text Esme that Edward was on his way, so I stood far enough away that they couldn't see me. Not even three minutes later, a very angry Emmett had Edward by the back of the neck shoving him out the door. There other friend, Ben, was holding it open. I watched as Emmett tossed the bag into the back seat of the taxi and then held the print out of the ticket in Edward's face. He said nothing as Emmett spoke wildly, his hands motioning all over the place. Poor Ben just stood there watching like I was. Finally, Edward made a move to go around Emmett and back in the club. Emmett quickly stopped him by placing his hand in the center of his chest. He shook his head no and then Edward's entire body slumped. Emmett hugged him before they both climbed into the back seat of the cab. Esme, he's on his way…Bella I hit send and then began pressing the buttons necessary to restore factory settings. I pulled the battery out of the back and removed the Sims card. Edward had insisted on buying me that overpriced phone. He wanted me to have nice things. I told him I only wanted him. At least I had kept the box that the phone came in; he could return it and get his money back. Edward lived in a very simple apartment not far from the hospital where he worked. Emmett had always teased him saying that with the cash in his bank account, he could afford to live downtown. Edward said he wanted to be near his friends, the restaurants, and bars in the neighborhood. He had asked me to move in with him several times, but I had always refused. I don't know, maybe I knew this night would come; when I would be removing myself from his world. I didn't have much in his house, a few sweaters and some baking essentials. I took all of the pictures of us together and replaced them with photos I found in one of his family albums. I even gave the countertop in the house a cleaning, removing my scent. I placed the key he had given me on his bar. My fingers were trembling as I looked down to my left ring finger, the diamonds in the ring glistening from the lights in the ceiling. He told me it was off. He didn't want to marry me. I tried to will myself to remove that ring, but I just couldn't do it. "I'll do it tomorrow." My dresser was free from dust, a picture of Edward and me resting in the center. He was dressed in a linen white shirt and I had a light blue summer dress on. We had been at his parent's summer cabin. It was the weekend he proposed. " Isabella Swan, I promise to love you every single moment of forever …" I can still hear his words clearly, even now. He stood up from the dinner table that night and asked me to be his wife with everyone we loved surrounding us. We kissed and hugged and I nearly gave him my virginity that night. He had told me that he had waited this long so he could wait a little longer. My mother took that picture. Edward said it was his favorite. He had a copy on his phone, desk and at work. " Promise to love you forever …" "You lied." I said through tears as I slammed the photo face down on the dresser. I placed every piece of jewelry back in its original container. I had begged him time and time again to stop buying me things like this, but that only made him give me more. The red plastic gumball ring was the most treasured one he ever gave me. We had been walking around Navy Pier when we decided to stop by a Greek diner to eat. While we were waiting he walked over