It had been one year since the Hero of Olympus disappeared. Thalia and Poseidon were the worse. Athena still couldn't believe that her daughter would do something like that. It was the Winter Solstice when a flash of light appeared and five people were there. One had a hood a cloak and hood that covered his face. "Three of you I know, two I don't, introduce yourselves," Zeus said. "I am Chloe, daughter of Athena," said the littlest. "I am Zoe Nightshade, co-lieutenant of the Hunters," said Zoe. "I am Phoebe, daughter of Ares, Hunter of Artemis," said Phoebe. "I am Thalia, daughter of Zeus, co-lieutenant of the Hunters," said Thalia. "I am not allowed to introduce myself until the end of the second chapter," said the person in the cloak. "Don't worry, I'm a friend and very well known. We have come with a book and a letter." "Alright read the letter," Zeus ordered. "Dear Olympians, We will be sending people from the future to this time period during the story. Please read the entire book and do not harm any of the people we send. Enjoy Reading, The Fates." "Very well, who will start?" Zeus asked. "I will, brother," Hestia said. Chapter 1: The Betrayal Twelve Olympian gods and goddesses stormed into the throne room on Olympus expecting to battle the Titan Lord Kronos as he attempted to destroy their seats of powers. But when they burst into through the doors, they saw a sight no one expected. Luke Castellan, who had become the host for the Titan Lord, lay motionless on the floor, apparently dead. Percy Jackson stood above Annabeth Chase with his sword aimed at her throat. Unnoticed by the Olympians were the tears falling from his face. Everyone straightened as this was very familiar. When Annabeth noticed the Olympians, she quickly cried out for help. "Mom, please help me. Percy is trying to kill me. He's a traitor." Annabeth yelled sounding helpless. "That lying bitch," Thalia hissed. Athena looked down in shame. She remembered this incident quite clearly. Before anyone could react, Athena sent a blast of energy at the son of Poseidon, knocking him off his feet. Annabeth quickly pulled out her dagger and aimed for a spot below Percy's left armpit. Before she could stab him, a silver arrow flew through the air, impaling the daughter of Athena through the arm that held the dagger causing the dagger to go flying across the floor. "You didn't even hear his side of the story," Poseidon growled. "I'm sorry, I was just protecting my daughter. Surely you would have done the same thing if the it were your son," Athena said. "I accept your apology, and you are right Athena, I would have done the same thing," Poseidon sighed. "You lying bitch." Spat a hobbling teenage girl in a silver parka. Thalia Grace, Lieutenant of the Hunters of Artemis, stood glaring at the blonde haired demigod. Athena turned to attack the girl but was met with both a master bolt and trident leveled at her face. Athena looked down feeling guilty of what happened. "Enough!" Zeus bellowed. "Thalia, explain what is going on." Zeus ordered in an agitated tone. "First, you must restrain Annabeth. She is a traitor and will kill Percy first chance she gets." Thalia said gesturing to the semi-conscious Percy Jackson on the throne room floor. Thalia gritted her teeth at her former best friend. "You lie. We clearly saw Jackson trying to kill my daughter." Athena hissed. "And you call yourself the goddess of Wisdom and Reason ," Poseidon muttered although Athena could not hear him. "Silence!" Zeus yelled. "Ares, detain the girl. Apollo, tend to Jackson." Zeus barked before gesturing for Thalia to continue. Ares snapped his fingers and Annabeth was bound in celestial bronze shackles, while Apollo checked on Percy who was starting to regain his senses. "Annabeth, Percy and I were on our way to the throne room following Kronos. Outside the door, a statue of Hera fell and landed on my leg. Percy tried to help me, but Annabeth dragged him into the throne room saying there was no time. As I struggled to free myself, I could hear Percy battling the Titan Lord. I managed to get free and dragged myself to the throne room doors just in time to see Annabeth sneak up behind Percy and stab him in the lower back. When the blade bounced off, Annabeth seemed shocked. I heard her say that that was where his Achilles' spot was to Kronos or Luke. Percy whirled around and stabbed Luke in his side, a strike that somehow found Luke's Achilles' spot. Annabeth then began attacking Percy, screaming about him killing the love of her life. Percy quickly disarmed her and had his sword at her throat. When Annabeth asked what he was waiting for, Percy told her that her fate wasn't his to decide. Percy said it would be up to the gods to decide what to do with her." Thalia explained out of breath as Apollo made his way to her to heal her leg. Athena buried her head in her hands. She couldn't believe her daughter would do something like that. Annabeth used to be her favorite daughter, now it was Chloe. "How do we know you're telling the truth?" Athena snapped at Thalia. Thalia glared at the goddess before speaking, "I swear on the River Styx that every word I just told the gods was true." Thalia said still glaring at the Goddess of Wisdom. Athena cried as she knew that Thalia had to be telling the truth. Poseidon walked over and comforted her. Thunder rumbled loudly and the gods turned to look at Annabeth with looks of rage while she cowered in her shackles. Percy managed to get to his feet and stumbled his way toward Thalia, who was now able to stand after Apollo had worked on her leg. As soon as he reached her, he hugged her tightly, whispering thank you, as tears still fell from his eyes. Thalia, who was also crying, hugged her cousin back just as tightly. Both Percy and Thalia sat near the hearth as the Olympians repaired the damage to their thrones and the throne room. Annabeth was proven a traitor and sentenced to Tartarus after her memories were searched and the gods saw she had been a traitor since the beginning with Luke. "All of it was a lie," Thalia whispered along the man in the cloak. Once the throne room was repaired, the gods brought all the surviving demigods from the war, along with all the Cyclops and nature spirits who fought, inside the throne room for the reward ceremony. As Zeus droned on and on about the bravery of the gods, Percy comforted his cousin as she continued to cry about the betrayal of their best friend. The same girl, who up until an hour prior, Percy had been hopelessly in love with. He, along with just about everyone else, thought she felt the same way. Apparently it had all been and act and now Percy was at a total loss for answers. His face slowly morphed into one with a look of hopelessness. His eyes lost their mirth and light, becoming lifeless and lost. Poseidon had a look of sympathy towards his son. Percy was snapped back to attention when the gods began to talk about the demigods. Hestia, who was sitting with both Percy and Thalia, gestured for the pair to go forward to hear what Zeus had to say. Zeus called for Percy's Cyclops half-bother Tyson to come forward. Zeus appointed Tyson a general in the armies of Olympus; the leader of the Cyclops Army in times of war required by the gods. When Zeus offered Tyson a weapon of his choice, Tyson chose a stick. Most chuckled at the request but Percy just stared blankly ahead. Everyone laughed at Tyson remembering his enthusiasm about having a stick as a weapon. After Tyson, Grover was appointed a new Lord of the Wild and given a place on the Council of Cloven Elders, to which he fainted after being told. Everyone laughed at Grover too. Next was Thalia. She was promised help in filling the Hunter's ranks and was complimented by both her father Zeus and mistress Artemis. Thalia smiled at her mistress. "Percy Jackson!" Poseidon bellowed, as his voice quickly hushed all talking. Percy walked forward, bowing to Zeus first, before kneeling in front of his father's feet. Everyone stared at Percy who kept his head down, face emotionless. "Rise, my son." Poseidon said. Poseidon smiled proudly at his son. Even though he was not here, he was still happy for his son. Percy rose to his feet, his facial features never wavering. "A great hero must be rewarded," Poseidon said. "Is there anyone here who would deny that my son is deserving?" The question was met with silence. "The council agrees," Zeus said. "Percy Jackson, you will have one gift from the gods." "Wow, the council actually agrees with something," Hera said shockingly. Everyone laughed at Percy's comment. Percy looked up slowly, "Anything?" Zeus nodded grimly, "I know what you will ask, the greatest gift of all. Yes, if you want it, it shall be yours. The gods have not bestowed this gift on any mortal hero in many centuries, but, Perseus Jackson—if you wish it—you shall be made a god. You shall serve as your father's lieutenant for all time." Percy didn't hesitate. "No thank you Lord Zeus." He said emotionlessly. Everyone except for the man in the cloak looked shocked again. They still couldn't believe that someone would turn down godhood. "No." Zeus growled. "You are turning down our generous offer?" "I understand it is unexpected my Lord. But I would like a gift. Do you promise to grant my wish?" Percy asked calmly. Zeus eyed him warily, "If it is within our power." "It is, and it's less difficult than making me a god. But I need your word on the River Styx." Percy added. "What?" Dionysus cried. "You don't trust us?" "Considering that two of the Big Three broke their oaths, one who broke it twice, I don't think you guys are that good at keeping promises," Thalia said. Percy turned and looked at Hades, "Someone once told me to always get a solemn oath." Hades smirked, "Guilty." Everyone laughed at Hades. "Fine," Zeus growled. "In the name of the council, we swear by the River Styx to grant your reasonable request, as long as it is within the power of the gods." Thunder boomed outside. "Honestly Lord Zeus, I need some more time in the mortal world. Everything I thought I knew turned out to be a lie. While I'd like to be immortal, I'd rather avoid being bound by ancient laws. The first part of my wish is to be granted partial immortality like the Hunters of Artemis. I would also like cabins to be built at Camp Half Blood for all gods, both major and minor. I think my cousin Nico has proven himself to be more than worthy to have his own cabin." Percy started before he was interrupted. "Are you calling me a minor god, Jackson?" Hades yelled. "Of course he isn't you doof!" Persephone said smacking her husband on the back of his head. Surprisingly, Percy smirked, "No Uncle. I just wanted to make sure Nico got his own cabin. I'm not quite done yet." Hades' eyes widened before narrowing at Percy, waiting for him to continue. "I want the minor gods who joined the Titans to be pardoned just this once. I want the peaceful Titans like Calypso and Leto to be freed from their prisons. And lastly, I would like both my Uncle Hades and Aunt Hestia to have their thrones returned to them. That is my wish." Percy finished before returning to his position kneeling in front of his father. Hestia and