Disclaimer: I do not own the characters or Altered Destinies. The characters belong to Rick Riordan, and the book was written by Anaklusmos14 About four months after the Titan War, Zoe was searching for Percy in the deep woods. Clarisse, Katie, Will, Michael, Silena, Annabeth, the Stolls, Beckendorf, Jason, and Leo were helping as well. Suddenly there was a flash of light, and they vanished. The demigods reappeared on Olympus, but not the one Annabeth had been working on rebuilding. "The sky is better!" Zeus yelled. "For gods sake, Apollo, we are twins!" Artemis yelled. "Excuse me, my lords and ladies," Zoe interrupted the petty arguments, "But why have you summoned us?" "What do you mean, who are you?" Zeus asked. "Hang on, there's a note," Annabeth said. "It says: Dear Gods and Demigods, Demigods have been sent to the year of 2000 to read the legends of the greatest hero or heroes of all time. Do not harm or kill any demigods. Some more will be sent during the reading. Enjoy reading. The Fates and Chaos. P.S. Send for Persephone and the Hunters." "Alright, who are you?" Zeus asked again. "I am Zoe Nightshade, daughter of Atlas." "Clarisse la Rue, daughter of Ares" "Katie Gardner, daughter of Demeter." "Will Solace, son of Apollo." "Michael Yew, son of Apollo." "Silena Beauregard, daughter of Aphrodite." "Annabeth Chase, daughter of Athena" "Travis-" "and Connor-" "sons of-" "Hermes." "Charles Beckendorf, son of Hephaestus." "Jason Grace, son of Jupiter." "Valdez. Leo Valdez, son of Hephaestus." Soon there was another flash Persephone, the Hunters, and four demigods joined. "Now, who are you four?" Zeus asked. "Percy!" Zoe yelled with glee tackling her boyfriend. "Zoe. I've missed you so much," Percy whispered. "Don't you dare disappear ever again," Zoe hissed. "It wasn't my fault I got kidnapped by your sister and my aunt," Percy protested. "I still blame you because I don't really want to blame a goddess quite yet," Zoe smiled. "Anyways, to answer your question, uncle. I'm Percy Jackson, son of Hades and Persephone." "You're a god?" Zeus asked. "No. My birth parents are Poseidon and Sally Jackson," Percy answered. "Poseidon! You broke the oath!" Zeus thundered. "With all do respect, uncle. You broke it twice one of Greek and the other of Roman. If I were you, I wouldn't call the kettle black when you are too," Percy whispered. "Fine," Zeus grumbled. "Who are you three?" "Reyna, daughter of Bellona." "Gwen, daughter of Ceres." "Hazel Levesque, daughter of Pluto, but before the pact." "Alright, I'll start," Percy said. "Since it's about me." Chapter 1: A New Beginning A young boy ran through the woods of Central Park in New York City. "What is a young boy doing in the woods of New York alone at night?" Persephone asked. "Running away," Percy mumbled knowing exactly who the boy was. An overly large hound was hot on his trail as the boy weaved his way through the trees, desperately trying to escape. The boy had been on the run for almost two full days now. "That's not healthy," Apollo said with worry. No matter how many times he managed to lose one, a new monster seemed to find him within a few hours. It had been three days since he had last eaten and the malnutrition was beginning to take its toll on the ten-year old. His body was weak and beginning to fail him; the only thing that kept him moving was sheer willpower and determination. "That boy needs help," Athena said. He could feel the beast slowly gaining on him as he was already at his peak when it came to his endurance while he prayed for a way to escape the terrifying creature. Just as he was losing hope, he saw two people standing next to a small fire in a clearing just a few yards away. He didn't have the energy to yell for help, so he just put his head down and used the last of his strength to jump across the fire, hoping the two strangers would help him. "And not harm," Artemis added. When the boy landed on the other side of the fire, he tumbled roughly to the ground. He turned around to see a sight he never thought he would see in his life. The man stood in front of the monster which seemed to be bowing to him, before he snapped his fingers and a crack appeared in the ground and swallowed the monstrous dog into the earth. "Hades? What are you doing there brother?" Hestia asked. "I don't know, but I will probably help the boy," Hades answered. The boy immediately started to panic, assuming he had just found someone far worse than the giant hound. "It depends how you think of it," Artemis said. As he tried to scramble to his feet, he was quickly engulfed in warm comforting arms. The panicked boy turned to meet warm glowing red eyes. "Hestia? What are you doing there?" Hades asked. "I don't know," she answered. The eyes were glowing like the embers of a fire and despite the shock of what he had just seen, the boy immediately calmed at the woman's touch. As he stared into her eyes, he felt relaxing warmth spread throughout his whole body. After a minute in the woman's arms the young boy finally spoke. "W.. Who a..are you?" He stuttered out, still trying to catch his breath. "Hades and Hestia," Apollo answered. The woman gave him a gentle smile, "My name is Hestia. You don't have to worry anymore; my brother got rid of the monster for you." She told him kindly. The boy's head snapped around, only now remembering the other man. When he looked at the man, he saw black eyes and an expression that, while it wasn't friendly, it wasn't unfriendly either. It was more a look of curiosity on the man's face. "Thank you for saving me." He quietly told the man, still unsure if the man might want to hurt him. "You're welcome," Hades smiled. The son of Hades secretly smiled back. The man gave the boy a small smile as he looked into the child's eyes. After a few seconds, the man got a look of realization on his face and then anger. He turned to the woman with a scowl on his face. "He is a son of Poseidon. I can see it in his eyes and the smell of the sea on him. Of course neither of my brothers could stay true to the oath they forced me into." He snapped at the woman. "Seriously though, why can't the rest of you gods keep it to yourselves? Camp is packed with mostly children of gods. Although Aphrodite's cabin is also getting really full, it's mainly you gods, even at Camp Jupiter," Percy said. "Especially you, Zeus, even though you may not have as many demigod children. You do have a lot of immortal children that are not Hera's what is the point of having a wife if you just go behind her back and knock up women. Four of the twelve Olympians are not your children, leaving eight your children, and one is Hera's. You have two children that are Hera's, and the rest are someone else's." The gods looked down in shame, especially Zeus. Hestia looked at her brother with a disapproving expression on her face. "Yes, our brothers may have wronged you but it is not the boy's fault. He is not to blame and I will tell you right now Hades, you will not seek revenge on Poseidon through this boy, he is innocent." Hestia said with a glare at her brother. Hades looked as if he were about to argue with his sister before looking at the boy one more time. When he did, his face softened just the slightest and he nodded, "Very well sister, I will let the boy be... for now." "It's a good thing you did," Percy muttered, but no one heard him. The boy who was still in Hestia's warm arms was watching the conversation with fear and curiosity. He never knew his father but apparently these were his father's siblings. When the boy turned back to Hestia, she smiled warmly at him and asked, "What is your name child? And why are you all alone in the woods in the middle of the night?" "Oh we get to find out who this boy is!" Hermes yelled excitedly. "My name is Percy." All eyes turned to Percy. "Dont give me looks of pity. I'm fine now. I have a great family and I don't need any pity from any of you," Percy said. Everyone nodded. He said quietly before he looked down as his expression changed from quiet and shy to one of anger and rage. "I am here because my mother is dead. My stepfather killed her a couple of days ago." Percy spat as his sea green eyes glowed with power and rage. "How dare that foul little pig do something of the sort a woman like that!" Hestia growled. "How dare he hurt a maiden!" Artemis yelled. Poseidon looked down in sorrow. Hades looked at his brother with sympathy. He knew what it was like to lose a woman so deeply loved. Hades' eyes widened at the sight, the boy's power rolled off him in waves. Never before had he seen such power from such a young child. "How powerful are you?" Athena asked with curiosity. "From what I've heard, my lady. I am just as powerful a god, an Olympian to be exact. I'm almost as powerful as Artemis," Percy said. "A demigod so powerful shouldn't be alive," Zeus said. Within seconds every single person, except Ares and Dionysus were at Percy's side. "Don't you dare touch this boy/ my son/ my friend/ my boyfriend/ my champion/ Percy/Perseus/ this demigod/ this hero!" everyone, except for Dionysus, Ares, and Zeus yelled. Zeus slid down his throne cowering before his family and the demigods. Hades looked the boy, he was skinny and clearly malnourished but that was only the beginning of his problems. A scar marred the boy's face beginning on his forehead and running down his face, over his left eye all the way down to his chin. The boy's arms were covered in cuts and scratches as well as scars around his wrists from what could only be caused from being restrained. Everyone stayed silent because of what Percy had said earlier even though some of them wanted to say something really bad. Zoe leaned her head against Percy's chest. Hades decided to take a look into his memories. The more he saw the angrier he became. Even the Lord of the Dead had limits to things he could take and what he saw made him rip someone's head off, starting with his brother for leaving his own child to such a life. Poseidon looked down in shame. Percy let go of Zoe and shadow traveled next to Poseidon. He whispered something to him. Poseidon looked up and smiled. Percy traveled back to Zoe and resumed his last position. Artemis looked at her lieutenant with curiosity and made a note to talk to her during the break. Hades pulled back from the boy's mind and looked at his sister; it was clear she had read the boy's memories as well. As the two siblings looked at each other, an understanding seemed to pass between them. Hades stepped closer to the boy who immediately tensed as if readying himself for a fight. "Sleep." Hades said in a stern but soothing voice as a shadow passed over the boy's face. Percy's eyelids drooped but he did his best to hold on, something that impressed Hades immensely. Hades waved his hand over the boy's face again as Percy finally lost his battle as he fell into a deep sleep still wrapped in Hestia's arms. "Aaaw," the girls cooed making Percy blush