Prologue: The start of Dumbledore's end Hurt Harry is sitting in his room back in number four Privet Drive, his whole body is hurt dully to his uncle's previous beating even with the pain reviled potion it still hurt so much. Tired He had spent the entire day doing chores from cleaning ever inches of the house to cooking food for his so call family AKA an army with how much his uncle eat Dudley, however, is having a diet for some reason so thankfully the number of food he needs to cook cut down by half. Every time the list is always longer than before and more difficult if he doesn't finish them all before his uncle come back or the level of the work did not reach his expected Harry would get beat up horribly. Hunger Of course having to do chores nonstop doesn't give him time to take a bite and it's not like his aunt is going to let him touch any of their precious food beside cooking it and having to cook so much food doesn't help either. The only thing keeps him going is water from the garden hose and some small amount of food Hermione manes to sent him, the last time he had had a proper meal was back on the Hogwarts' express. Hurt, tired and hunger mix with irritating and angry are the only emotions he feels when staying with the Dursley from the first eleven years he had lived in this hell hole before reserve his Hogwarts's letter to the past four summer he had supper at their hand. shaking his head to ignore about the Dursley he turns to think of his past four years study in Hogwarts, even though his body is in pain Harry's mind is clear all the evident he able to collect all point to how Albus Dumbledore had screwed his life. How three first-year students manned to get pass test that was set up to stop someone as powerful as Tom Riddler or how three second-year students could found out where the so call infamous Chamber of secret is when even Dumbledore unable to when all they could do it ask the ghost of moaning myrtle or how an illegal animagus manned to get away from Dumbledore who is a master Transfiguration for three years or how he doesn't notice his so call long time friend is actually someone else in disguise. Yes is was all a set up a big chess broad manipulative by Albus 'too much middle name' Dumbledore to test him and bend him into his perfect little Golden boy, Hagrid is the one who picks him up the first time to guide him to the wizarding world thought a kind heart person Hagrid is not a fully-educate person and had a personal guilt with Slytherin dull to Riddler framing him back when he was a student and worship Dumbledore as if he is god himself, next Is how Mrs.Weasley said the word muggle in the middle of the station full of muggle then asked Ginny what number it is despite having five sons study in Hogwarts already and the Weasley is common known to follow Dumbledore way. All of that and what both Harry and Hermione had overheard last year have signed the bill. ~~flashback~~~~ Harry and Hermione are hiding under the invisible coat from Ron and Ginny both who has become extra annoying after the Triwizard Tournament. As they walk around the empty hallway with the Maurander's map for look out they come across two dots of Ronald and Ginevra Weasley in an empty classroom facing each other curiously Harry and Hermione decide to secretly listen to the two sibling's talk, later on in their life both was gall to follow their instincts that time, to their surprise it not just Ron and Ginny in the room but also sight Mrs.Weasley on what seem like a communicate mirror something their family should not have the money to has. "Mum why do I still have to be friend with bratty Potter and know-it-all Granger. I hate them so much with Potter's moaning about his home life and Granger picking at my brain. Why can't we just took The brat's money and don't for I mean you did have his vault key from Dumbledore" Ron said in his whining voice. "Oh Ron I don't know what you keep in that head of your since obviously, you don't have a brain in It," Ginny said in a bosses voice, in background Harry and Hermione have to use their hand to cover each other mouth to keep from laughing out loud. "those are just a trust vault his parent make for him to spend before coming of age when he will get access to the family vaults and it would be a hundred time more than ten trust vault combine. What we want is those, not even Dumbledorecould get us into thought not just because the goblins doesn't let him but it also has numerous of warding to keep people who are not family out" . "Ginny is right Ronald one she marries the boy-who-lived our family will be famous for being his family-in-law and we could make money from it and take money from his vaults we could live in luxury in generations Ginny would only need to give birth to one of his kid then the other could be some else. Then after he and you-know-who kill each other the Potter family's property is our to use as we like" Mrs.Weasley said thought the mirror, by now both Harry and Hermione are as pale as a ghost after what the older Weasley said."Now Dumbledore said he would make a marries contract between Ginny and that boy that if he ever dies everything he owns would be Ginny's. Remember you two don't let your father and brothers know about our plan they don't know that your not Arthur's kid Percy too but since he refuse to listen to me he could not know about this, be extra careful with the twin as the make is sure that they follow that Potter boy" . "But mum what if the filthy half-blood managed survive You-Know-who again? and what about his dog father and the wolf? " Ron continue to whine making Harry and Hermione what to punch him in the face. "Don't worry Ron Dumbledore has planned it all out if he did survive is Azkaban for him. As for Sirius and Remus Dumbledore is thinking of getting rid of the dog first next year and he been sending the wolf on dangerous missions he'll die sooner or later. Now I have to go Arthur coming home soon tonight, be careful" And the mirror turn back to a normal mirror. "Peh mum just too paranoid, we have been sneaking behind those two back for four years and they don't even notice. Potter obvious not because he so much of an idiot and Granger is too stuck up to even suspect us" "Well I for one have to keep my eyes on the dirty mudblood so she stay away from MY Fiance, the Potter don't need any more mud in their blood he need a Pureblood and who better than me, I smart, beautiful and have red hair like his mother we're perfect for each other NO ONE is more suitable for the title Lady Potter than me" Both Weasley walks out of the empty classroom just as Harry and Hermione move away from the door when the two red head are out of vision the two friend step into the classroom lock it and cast a silent charm on the door removing the coat at the same time. Both was pale and shaking with anger after what seem like hours they both have calmed down enough and sit down on the empty chairs. "what now?" Hermione asks quietly. Between the two of them have always been unwaveringly trusted and brother-sister love for the other since both had been alike before Hogwarts outcast, a loner and friendless, she trust Harry with her lifelong secret at the same time Harry trust her with his even thought they both consider Ron and Ginny as their friend before but being hurt for so many time in their childhood both is still wary of the two youngest Weasley but it still hurt because they had started to trust them at the very least, before Harry's name come out of the goblet. "I don't know" It a simple answer but is the only thing Harry could say then. No thanks to the Dursley Harry always be conscious and wary of everything happen around him how people act their action their words before coming to Hogwarts that what make him a Slytherin but ever since he set his foot in the wizarding world in first-year it like he was a different person and many things doesn't make any sence at all, but one thing is true that he never truth to Ron 100% maybe around 50/50 but between Ron and Hermione he would always choose Hermione. The two Gryffindor is in deep thought until they both decide to speak up " who shall we trust now? " "definitely not Ronald and Ginevra especially not dumbledore. The other Weasley could be trust and there Sirius and Remus, professor McGonagall, professor Filius, professor Sprout. Oh and Professor Snape!!" "What !! Hermione, he hates me even if we could trust him not to told Dumbledore that doesn't mean he won't told Voldemort!!" "He Save your ass most of the time in the past four years obviously he care, last time I speak with Professor McGonagall she said he and you mom was best friend he couldn't hate you to the point killing you as much as he hate you for being your dad's son your still your mum's son too" "Fine!!" "Now on to the next step. Gringott. We need to go there to do an inherent ritual and talk with your account manager to see how much money did Dumbledore has taken from your vault and for how long now. Then we should ask for a cleaning ritual who know how deep can Dumbledore sink to control you" "If I have to do it you too. From what I heard your not supposed to be my friend in the first place so we need to check too" "Good idea. Next, we have to find a way for Sirius to have a trial but we can't have that if Fudge decides to let him kiss on sight by Dementor." "yeah, we need someone who could get through Fudge thick head." The two friend think deep and hard, then suddenly their eyes went wide with relishing. " Malfoy !!!". *Some deserted corner in school* C apture Draco Malfoy when he was alone was easy asthe two Gryffindor drag the Slytherin into the corner cast some heavy private charm and corner the blonde in the wall . "Malfoy, I know it sudden but I'm didn't really answer your offer in first-year so I'm going to answer it now" The heir of Malfoy was surprised is not every day he suddenly got kidnap by two of Dumbledore's Golden Trio and Harry Bloody Potter decide to answer his offer back in first-year after four years. "Why the sudden chance of heart Potter? I can't help but wonder what did Dumbledore do that his golden boy have to run over to the dark side like that" "He want me/him death" Malfoy's eyes are wide open looking at the two muggle raise like they just grow a second head. "What!?" "He has been manipulated my entire life since the very moment my parents die or was it before, planning my death to take my money" "He also planning to marries him off to Weasley b* so the two youngest rotten brats could become famous for being his 'best mate' and