Chapter 1: Touring the Pantries of Hollin Usually, when females saw him, their eyes widened in horror and revulsion, a scream tore from their throats, and they ran for cover; this one was no different. Not what Ufhau would mistake for a 'come hither' response. Annoying, really. Damn hard to concentrate with that racket going on, too. Snarling a warning over his shoulder as he rifled the pantry didn't quiet her, either; only seemed to make the wailing worse. Finally losing his patience, he strode across the small kitchen, yanked open the back door, grabbed the woman by the hair, and thrust her outside. She lost her balance and sprawled face down on the ground. He slammed the door shut behind her, took a deep breath of relief in the sudden quiet, and resumed foraging. Stupid fucking tark , he thought. Right before winter seemed to be the best time to raid these lone farmsteads, Ufhau had discovered awhile back. The old and sick animals were slaughtered, the meat cured. Racks of flesh were prepared and ready for the taking. He had survived on his own for four winters since the War's end on the provisions he was able to liberate. Summers were best for hunting; not only was the game plentiful, but it gave good sport. Drawing a clawed hand across the leather jerkin he wore, and the scar it concealed, he fondly recalled the aurochs bull he'd tussled with the previous year. War had hardened him, but even the end of wars had its challenges. Ufhau was an outcast even among other orcs, curse that Sharkû and all his black deeds. The wizard may have made the Fighting Uruk-hai, but he gave them nothing outside a thirst for blood. What good is that when the battle is lost? Not for the first time, or the last, Ufhau grumbled darkly to himself over his ill luck. Yes, he was superior in nearly all ways to his snaga cousins. He could calculate and reason, he could think things through and act with forethought, a capable leader by any measure. He did not weaken in the sun, though his night vision was piss-poor at best. He was tall and strong, a formidable opponent in any fight. Yet for all that, he had not drawn his sword against Men since his master's fall. Superiority over Men had gained his people nothing. Attempting to remind them of his superiority would mark him. They would hunt him, as they had done to the other survivors of Isengard's fall. Stirring the dying coals in his spare campfire, Ufhau snorted indelicately, brooding. Sharkû encouraged their sense of their own superiority, to their ruin. First, their hubris doomed them at Helm's Deep. Ufhau would never sleep peacefully in a forest again. Second, the Uruk-hai had always, without remorse, treated all other orcs like shit. His initial hope of joining Sauron's orcs after escaping the army's defeat was quickly snuffed out when he encountered a scouting band of them along the borders of Gondor. No, they did not welcome him. Not at all. Barely got away with his hide more or less intact. As it turned out, the Dark Lord got his in the end anyway, leaving not just Ufhau but countless other orcs struggling to find their place in this world of Men. The snaga had their holes to hide in; not so the Isengarders. They only knew the forge-hot pits, and did not have a comfortable recollection of cool, dark tunnels to return to. They did not have a life to return to; more trees had seen to that. Ufhau sometimes wondered why he held on, sneaking into farmhouses and barns, stealing food. One of these days, he was going to find one that had more than an elderly couple or a terrified widow inside. Grunting with grim amusement, he banked the fire and wrapped himself up in his cloak, another trophy of his raiding, and curled up to sleep. "Let her go," the grey-skinned orc growled. "It'll be more fun when she's run a bit." The other three orcs grinned lewdly and released the stricken woman. She stood trembling, trying to pull her tattered shawl around her shoulders more tightly. The orcs just laughed. "Run, tark bitch!" the leader barked, slapping her buttocks hard enough to knock her down. She staggered, but regained her balance. "We'll give you a head start, if you like." She needed no further encouragement. Gathering up her skirts, she bolted off into the fields. Laden with his heavy pack, Ufhau trudged up the hill, eyes on the ground. He didn't much like the sun, for all that it did him no real harm. It was far too bright for his small yellow eyes, even this late in the year. He much preferred the evening, when the sun was setting and the moon was rising. Twilight was more his time of day. As he crested the hill, immersed in his thoughts, he was stunned by a small figure barreling into him. He might have kept his feet had he not just filled his pack to bursting. Windmilling his arms in vain, he tipped over backwards, gripping the figure as he rolled and tumbled back down the hill. When they stopped, several things assaulted his senses at once. The fear smell. The scent of man-flesh. Correction, woman -flesh, for men did not smell quite like their females. Tark blood. He struggled out of his pack straps and gained his feet, albeit with difficulty for he was tangled up in woman and skirts. "What the fuh...," he bellowed, then stopped. At the top of the hill, winded after what must have been a long chase, stood four little snaga orcs of Mordor, if he was any judge. Snarling, Ufhau drew his sword and roared a challenge. Oh, this was going to be fun; he hadn't swept the head off a runty orc in many a year. The group cockily swarmed toward him, and he met them with fierce joy. Wading into the four yelping snaga , Ufhau quickly dispatched the first one, taking advantage of their surprise. They hadn't expected him to attack; maybe they thought he'd keep his distance, being outnumbered. Clearly, they were unfamiliar with Isengarders. The huge Uruk dwarfed even the largest among them, not only in body but voice as well. His enraged roars echoed across the plains. The smaller orcs didn't stand a chance against the seasoned warrior. Though they had undoubtedly seen some action in the War, they lacked the level of training provided in Isengard. Ten minutes were all Ufhau needed to slay the remaining three. The big Uruk cleaned his blade on the grass, then looked around. He was almost surprised to see the woman; he'd forgotten about her in the heat of battle. She was huddled against the hillside, staring at him, eyes wide with fear. There were bruises on her face, cuts on her shoulders where the orcs had torn through her clothes. It was no mystery what they were planning for her. Sneering with contempt, he shouldered his pack once again, then turned away. He had miles to go to his winter lair; no time to waste on sniveling tark females. "Wait!" she suddenly called. Frowning, he halted and looked back. She hadn't come any closer, but she was standing shakily, hugging herself and trembling from head to toe. "Thank you." Ufhau started. Narrowing his eyes, he regarded her for several seconds before grunting, jerking his chin in a brief nod, and continuing on his way. "Please!" she cried, her voice desperate. He took several purposeful strides before turning this time. He glared at her, curling his lip in a snarl as a low growl escaped him. "What the fuck do you want?" Ufhau barked. She jumped, backing up a couple of paces and clutching her throat. "I...please, I...I need help," she stammered quietly, seemingly struck almost speechless by his cold glare. "You cannot be serious," he growled. Facing her fully, he leaned down and grabbed one of the corpses by the hair. One fluid motion with his sword severed the head, and the body slumped back to earth. With a casual flip, he tossed the head at her, and it rolled to a stop at her feet. Glassy unseeing eyes stared up at her from the pain-contorted, bestial face. She barely suppressed a scream. "You don't need any more help." Turning on his heel, he stalked off again, shaking his head. "They killed my family!" she cried, somehow finding her voice and at least a token amount of courage. "My home is not far, but...I'm...I'm afraid to go alone." Her voice trailed off awkwardly as he stopped once more. Patience was not a virtue Ufhau possessed in any measure. He could feel the turning of the season upon the land and was anxious to reach the relative safety and warmth of the south. It was a journey he made each year; south during the cold months, north during the warm. This bloody tark was going to delay him; he might not make it to his southern lair before the first snows flew. The thought sent him into a rage. Whirling around, Ufhau stomped toward the cringing woman. Grabbing her by the throat, he held her up so she had no choice but to look at his face. "Find your own kind, tark . I am no wetnurse for tark brats." Pushing her from him with pitiless force, he took some satisfaction at the heap she fell into, barely suppressing the urge to kick her while she was down. Then the crying began, and he winced. Always, the tark response was a flood of water from their eyes. " Shut up! " he roared, covering his sensitive ears. The choking sobs diminished to an occasional hiccup. Ufhau shifted his pack more comfortably and turned to leave. To his surprise, he was halted by a hand clutching the leather of his leggings. "Please," the woman whimpered, not looking up at him. "Take me home. Please take me home." He stomped his foot, dislodging her grip, but did not move. If her home was in the direction from which she came, then he had to grudgingly admit that it was on his way, or near enough to his path that he might not be too delayed in escorting her home. And if the orcs had halted their raid to play with the girl, there might yet be goods he could take with him for his comfort and survival. Sighing with resignation, the promise of the last thought made his decision for him. "All right," he growled. "But no crying or screaming. I don't like noise, and I will cut your tongue out if it wags overmuch." She slowly rose, daring a glance at his face as if checking whether he meant his threat. Her eyes darted away quickly, finding no humor there. "It is this way," she whispered, then walked back in the direction of her home. Ufhau trudged along behind her, watching her move. He'd never spent more than a few minutes in the presence of a human before killing it, and only a few more with their females to satisfy his lust before killing them. He couldn't honestly say he wanted it any other way at the moment. Damned tarks were a pain in his ass if left alive. However, she seemed to take his warning seriously, and made no attempt to speak with him over the next two hours' walking. Finally, the small farmstead hove into view. It was a wreck; even he could see that from a distance. The woman faltered but continued on until they were among the charred ruins of the house. She searched among the debris while Ufhau did the same, though they were looking for different things. Finally, she cried out in dismay. He spared a glance to see what she found, but snorted with disinterest