"Which one'uh you's number Ninety-Nine?" the gruff voice of their jailor called down the torchlit corridor. The one labeled 'Ninety-Nine' by Saruman flinched, and pulled herself deeper into the shadows of the cell. The two who shared it, Eighty-Seven and One Hundred Three, shifted out of sight of the cell door, eying her nervously. None in the pits had it in them to take another's place out of pity. If the jailor opened the door, they'd shove her out, like as not. Months ago, she might have been insulted, but months ago she still possessed strength enough to comfort them when they despaired. That time was past; she had precious little left for herself, and nothing more to give anyone. "Yuh don't show yerself, I start yankin' yuhs out by the hair and checkin'," he warned, banging the bars with a cudgel as he passed down the hall. "Master say it's time for yer next round. Better come on out like a good girl." It will be my fourth , she told herself. He only takes four from us, then... then it's over . Shuddering with revulsion at the thought of even one more of their foul spawn in her body, even for so short a time as was afforded by Saruman's dark sorcery, Ninety-Nine peeled herself from the darkness and dragged her feet to the door. Grimacing and squeezing her eyes shut, she slowly extended an arm through the bars, her hand hanging limp and near lifeless in her defeat. Where was the defiance she used to have? Ninety-Nine could not recall. Coming from a poor family as she had, the woman made her own way, for a dowry was too dear a thing to offer any prospective husband of better quality than a rough-handed swine herd or butcher. Though it shamed her in the beginning, joining the Ladies in their service to men reaped great rewards. She was able to pay her own way, own a small but clean place of her own, indulge a degree of independence that even a good marriage likely wouldn't have afforded her. It was a cruel irony that she was no longer a whore for Men, but for those who slew them. They'd ruined her. Even if the hope of escape still shone in her eyes, it was ashes in her heart. The beasts' claws rent her thin flesh, tore her beauty from her as though it were nothing, leaving a scarred and hideous woman behind. She would likely not be recognized by her folk if she did return, so marred was her face. Though the Orcs mostly clawed and bit her breasts and hips, the first one to rape her cut her cheeks when he grabbed her chin, digging claws in and holding her head still. He wanted her to look at him as he raped her, and she refused. She paid for her defiance dearly every time he came to the breeding room, whether she complied with his wishes or not, and her face was likely as ugly as an Orc's now. The only blessing of this horrible place was that she could not see what he'd done to her face. Ninety-Nine suppressed a shudder, recalling him, and held her head up with as much dignity as she could. He was the worst by far, if any of these creatures could be called better or worse than any other. Regardless, this was the last of them. She must find strength somewhere. A few days of enduring the painful humiliation, the fortnight or so it took to grow the monster within her, then... relief in death. So close she could almost taste it. Chuckling, the stoop-shouldered Orc shuffled up to the door and unlocked it from the rattling key ring tied to his belt. "Good lass," he rumbled. "Last one." She nodded and allowed herself to be taken from the cell and led down the corridor to the breeding room. Though fear of the unknown Uruk selected to rape her tried to consume her thoughts, she forced herself to remember the fortnight of relative peace that would come after his seed took hold. No more assaults, no dark, filthy cell shared with unwashed women so deeply entrenched in their own despair they could no longer speak kindly even to one another. She would be tended by a small Orc, fed large quantities of meat and bread, for the thing within her grew swiftly under the wizard's black magic and seemed bent on sucking her dry. Perhaps it was stale bread, often moldy, but it was hers and so rare a treat. Anything thrown into their cells that was not dry, tasteless meat was fought over. They reached a gate and the jailor opened it. Ninety-Nine stood impassively as the jailor handed her off to the Pitmaster. "Go easy," the jailor advised him. "Don't tell me my business, pushdug ," the Pitmaster snarled, cuffing the jailor's ear. Turning to Ninety-Nine, he smirked. "Light day today, miss. All the boys are up top, givin' what-for to your folk. Still, business is business, and we gotta keep on. Your turn, and there's a young'un here next in line for his duty. See you make'im feel welcome, eh?" She winced silently and averted her eyes from the foul creature. While the jailor seemed to have a touch of sympathy for those in his charge, the Pitmaster was a complete bastard. She supposed that was to be expected. Almost none of them were given to kindness of any sort. A tiny spark of curiosity made her ask, "There is a battle?" "Aye," the Pitmaster nodded as he took her into the hated room. "Emptied the place to see to it. Only the ones what got banged up at the Fords are here. Lucky thing, you get one'uh the big'uns." He cackled cruelly and patted the table's surface. "Don't be shy, now. Best get on with it, eh?" Clinging to the relief she knew would come once this... thing ... was done, Ninety-Nine climbed upon the oddly-shaped table and allowed the Pitmaster to secure her arms and legs. The table was in the shape of a split branch, supporting her body with her legs wide apart. Things were different in years past, before her time here; the Pitmaster loved to regale them with such tales. The Uruk-hai used to take them down freely on the floor in a frenzy, but because their master was often unsure which of the brutes planted his seed in which female, he imparted orderliness on the proceedings. It did not make the violation any less horrific. "Oy! She's ready, whelp," the Pitmaster called, and Ninety-Nine fixed her eyes on the earthen ceiling. Don't look at it, don't see it, for Béma's sake, don't smell it . She searched desperately for that place of quiet forgetfulness that once spared her the indignity of coupling with crude, foul-smelling men and now relieved her somewhat from the horrors of these creatures. Ninety-Nine heard the oddly uneven steps of her approaching rapist and steeled herself. One last time, then peace . "Got bunged hard, eh?" the Pitmaster commented as the newcomer entered. He only responded with a horse-like snort. "Get to it, now. Master's plenty busy, but he'll know if you shirk. He always knows." Again the cackling laugh filled the silent room. She heard the familiar sound of leather ties being undone, and knew it would be only moments before something hot, hard and unforgiving was rammed into her, like a sword through meat. Even without a fight to spur them to violence, they were ever rough about it. Her second was a trial to endure. For some reason, that Uruk's seed took longer to accomplish the wizard's goal, and his frequent visits became so routine even he got bored with it. There were several occasions where an Uruk hard at work at a neighboring table was obliged to cuff his ear for trying to strike up a conversation. His lack of interest made for lengthy breeding sessions that left him exhausted. She did not like to remember the third. Most of the time, the Uruk-hai seemed to be extremely quick to finish, a true blessing. Yet Ninety-Nine swallowed hard and prayed not to live through it at all this time. "Don't like watch!" the Uruk suddenly roared, and Ninety-Nine startled. "Do summat else!" "What the fuck is there, eh?" the Pitmaster snapped. "You get on that bitch now , yuh dumb bastard, or it's the whip for you." She heard him lick his lips noisily. "Better for me if you choose the whip." "Put whip up yer ass," the Uruk growled. "Back off!" Ninety-Nine dared a glance at her Uruk in time to see a wave of discomfort roll across his face, if only briefly. It struck her that he was in pain; that must be what was holding him up. No others she'd had the misfortune to lie before had hesitated, nor had they cared about having an audience. Frowning, she turned her gaze back to the ceiling. Now or in a few minutes likely didn't matter; he'd be about his 'duty' and she would return to her cell to await his recovery. Then it would happen again. A shudder ran through her. Quite suddenly, his hips hit between her legs, and he began to thrust. Except... there was nothing inside her. She could feel him, his assault a bruising punishment against her sex, but he wasn't hard. Stunned, she stole another glance at his face. His jaw was working, clenching and grinding as he stared at the opposite wall. He looked briefly down and met her eyes. He looked... ashamed, and tore his gaze away, firming his lips in a grim line. Ninety-Nine lay there in shock. She furtively flicked a glance at the Pitmaster, leaning against the wall behind the Uruk. He was casually picking his claws with a knifepoint. Unexpectedly, the Uruk leaned down over her body and growled close to her ear, his voice pitched low and for her hearing only. "Don't say nothin'," he whispered. She quickly nodded, and their eyes met once again. It was the oddest thing; he seemed to be grateful for her complicity in his ruse, and returned her nod. She contemplated making some show of discomfort to aid in the illusion, and frowned at the thought. Had she been brought so low that she was reduced to conspiring with these beasts? A long-dead spark of defiance flared for a moment and died. Truly, what would revealing his failure attain? He would likely be replaced with another. May as well help him, if only to buy some measure of ease later when he regained his vigor. Closing her eyes, she whimpered and feigned a sob. After a few more bruising minutes, he stepped back to catch his breath and the Pitmaster sauntered over. "Feels good after a fight, don't it?" he said almost wistfully. "Lucky fucks, you are." The sound of a hand slapping a hard hunk of meat echoed in the room. "Get yer breath. Master expects five er six outta yuh each day, so make sure yuh don't skimp on rations." "Fuck off," the Uruk growled quietly. "Just 'splainin' the rules, since you're new hereabouts," the Pitmaster replied good-naturedly. "Hey, uh... once we know she's done up proper with yer whelp, yuh think I could... just one er two? 'Fore I report it to master?" "Fuck. Off ," the surly Uruk snarled. "Thought I'd ask," the Pitmaster replied. "Don't hurt to ask, yuh selfish bastard." After what the Uruk must surely have decided was a reasonable amount of 'recovery' time, he stepped up to the table once more and feigned breeding her. Ninety-Nine wasn't quite sure how to handle the situation, except to be relieved that the despised experience of being raped by one of these foul beasts was momentarily delayed. This was certainly only a brief reprieve. By tomorrow, he'd likely