A story entered into the Red Book by Samwise Gamgee, with permission by Owner and Editor, Meriadoc Brandybuck I shall tell you a tale, a tale of which, upon my honor, not a single letter or phrase has been altered in its retelling. It is a tale of not so many by-gone years...one that many will soon hereafter know by heart, and one which I had hoped to forget. But I now realize, that in doing so, the generations to come would have been deprived of much needed and sought-after insight into the mind and heart of one long revered...my Master and beloved friend, Frodo Baggins of the Shire. When I was a hobbitling, I dwelt with my mother and Gaffer on the Hill, in Number 3 Bagshot Row, just under Bag End. It was a peaceable life; my Gaffer taught me everything he knew about gardening and planting, and of every useful aspect of the business. When I wasn't learning about shrubs and grasses, or working in my own little flowerpots, I would call on our neighbors and masters, the Bagginses. As many of your fathers and grandfathers will tell you, Mr. Bilbo Baggins was thought a little... . True, he had a big heart, and was very generous and hospitable, but there were certain things about him that made people scratch their heads. Even my old Gaffer wondered about him sometimes. "Vera strange behavior, he 'as, that Mr. Bilbo. Now I ain't sayin' that I don't like 'im. He's my master and a good friend, but I ain't never heard 'im have a conversin' with anyone without sayin' somethin' a little...peculiar." I must admit, even I myself thought Mr. Bilbo somewhat strange; he was always pouring over maps and history books and that sort of thing long into the night. But we did have something in common, two things in fact. One was our insatiable curiosity about elves. Both of us, I think, wanted nothing more in life than to see elves, at least once in our lifetime. There had been rumors floating about for almost as long as I could remember that Mr. Bilbo had seen elves once, when he traveled with the strange-clad old man named Gandalf, the one with the fireworks. When I sought out the truth from the jolly hobbit himself, Mr. Bilbo looked at me with a gleam in his eye, and said, "Sonny, do you think all those 'rumors' are true? If you think so, than you keep right on believing so. It's what you want to believe in that counts." I never forgot the words, and I was well rewarded for it later in life. The second thing that brought us together was his nephew and cousin, Mr. Frodo. He was only a few months younger than I, and we bonded very quickly. In our childhood and tweens, we were a bit mischievous, but we were inseparable, and always stood up for each other whenever one of us got into trouble. Now, not to boast, but Mr. Frodo was really the one to keep an eye on, both eyes if possible. He was constantly getting into scraps and dares, always demanding that he could do whatever he was asked, even if he didn't know what the consequences would be. Sometimes that stubborn Took streak would flare up, and he would get himself into the worst trouble imaginable. Perhaps that's what got him started on his Journey in the first place, never being able to say no to an apparently unconquerable challenge. Anyway, let me continue. As I said, we were inseparable, which often got me into trouble as well. Mr. Frodo would take me with him in most of his escapades, and usually, they would end with the two of us having a 'talking' to by our guardians. In our defense, it was these boyish rompings and scrapings that made us life-long friends, even we did not know how closely knit they had made us until many years later. And now I have come to the heart of this story. I strongly encourage, nay even admonish all the hobbitlings and tweens that shall hereafter read this book: Never repeat the actions that are laid out in detail here. They may get you in dire circumstances someday. One day in the autumn, just after his 13th birthday, Mr. Frodo appeared on my frontstep all excited and eager, with an "idea". The look on my face must have revealed what I was thinking. "Don't worry, Sam!" he clapped me on the back. "It won't end up like last time! I promise!" Though it pained me to admit, I couldn't take his promise seriously. "Mr. Frodo," I stared hard at him, "Last time, I was grounded for a month because you got me in a heap of trouble with my Gaffer. I don't want to go through that again! Plus," I interrupted his usual ejaculation. "Plus, I upset the Gaffer, and I hate doing that. I love him so much, I don't want to disappoint him by being rowdy." His deep eyes gazed at me pleadingly. "Please, old chap? I really need your help on this one. I'm sorry, Sam, I didn't mean to get you in trouble. How was I to know your Gaffer had just planted an entire acre of corn-seed? Well," he admitted, "maybe I did go a little wild digging holes there for our golfing tournament, but it was such a good field...Well, no matter, all's over and done with now, right?" I just stared at him. 'And I had 6 par too,' I thought. 'Much better than last time.' "Come on, Sam, it'll be alright! I promise!" He crossed his heart. I wasn't sure, but he was obviously in a pinch of some kind, and I couldn't let him down. "Alright, Mr. Frodo. Lead on." My voice didn't hold much enthusiasm. My secrecy immediately sworn to, Mr. Frodo then laid out his plan. He was determined that in the dead of night, when the moon had risen and all of Hobbiton was asleep, together, we would walk the length of Mr. Maggot's field and make it back home, without being seen by anyone, or being eaten by wolves. I didn't say anything. I was too stunned. If Mr. Frodo noticed, he never said. He told me when to meet him, and with another, supposedly encouraging, clap to my back, scurried back up the Hill to the protection of Bag End. 'Why do I always have to promise him?' I bemoaned myself. "You'll have to come with me, Sam," he had said, now a common phrase that passed between us. "That way in case anything happens to me, you'll be able to tell everyone where my body is." A comforting thought...it was not. In fact, I was a little disconcerted about all of it, but I had promised I would go, and I stick to my promises. So, on Thursday, about midnight, I crept out of my window—actually...I fell out; I was always the clumsy one—grabbed my walking stick out of the Gaffer's shed, and made my way up the Hill. Frodo was already waiting for me on Bag End's front step. He was very enthusiastic and happy, while I on the other hand was as skittish as a mouse, constantly starring about me, and starting at the slightest sounds. "Relax," Mr. Frodo put his arm around me. "Everything will be fine, and wait until you see the looks on everyone's faces when we tell them what we've done!" "No, Mr. Frodo!" I was afraid to raise my voice, but I'm sure it held my anxiety. "You're not going to tell everyone!" Frodo grinned mischievously. "No, my dear Sam!" He hugged my shoulders tight and we started off towards Maggot's farm. "No, I was only kidding: I'm not going to tell everyone." My heart sank; Frodo obviously had more planned for the night that he hadn't told me. The Gaffer would kill me when he found out. But I didn't argue; my heart wasn't in it. Frodo didn't seem to notice. He was cheerful and almost light-hearted, though how he could be in that awful darkness I'll never know. When we were almost to the Eastern Field, Mr. Frodo halted near a tree and pulled me down alongside him, looking around. There was utter silence. Not on owl stirred, no cricket sounded; it was almost as if time itself had ceased passing. It was eerie. I hadn't been that scared since the time Fatty Bolger and I crept into "haunted" Bag End, during the time Mr. Bilbo had disappeared. Shivers ran down my spine, and I shuddered, both from the cold wind, and the growing apprehension of what we were about to do. "All clear!" Mr. Frodo's voice made me jump. He caught me before I was able to make a yelp. "Easy, Sam. Don't worry! Stick to me like glue, and we'll be out of here before you can say 'Mirkwood spiders'!" The choice of words wasn't exactly appealing to me. "This will be fun!" Frodo continued. He looked down the path we had just come, his voice lowering mischievously. "We'll prove them both wrong tonight!" Before I could ask what he was talking about, Mr. Frodo pulled me to my feet and we dashed to the cornfield as quickly as possible. An owl finally hooted from somewhere, and the cold, prickly grass crunched beneath our feet. I swallowed hard, hoping to hold back the lump that was rising in my already dry throat. My hope remained just that. We began our entry into the cornstalks, forced to slow for fear of damaging the precious crops; Mr. Maggot would never forgive us if we damaged even one of his beautiful stalks. We pushed our way through—seeming to last an eternity to me—the stalks reached out to snag us, themselves warning us not to go any further. In my heart, I agreed; we didn't belong there. My head down in defeat and shame, I suddenly collided into my friend's back. There was a loud thud where I hit the ground. I glared up at him. "You stopped." Frodo knelt beside me. "Sorry, old chap. I thought you heard me say, 'Stop!'" It took great resistance for me not to punch his lights out right then and there, his eyes mocking me for my clumsiness. "What are you doing now?" I demanded, though still careful not to let my voice rise above a loud whisper. "I need you to keep a lookout for me." "What!" There was something up his sleeve; I knew it! "Shh!" he chided. "Just stay here, and I'll be back in a few minutes!" He turned to the right to begin his hidden mission, but I stopped him. "Oh, no you don't!" I pulled his sleeve, hard. He collapsed in a heap beside me. "What are we doing here, Mr. Frodo? I don't want to get in trouble again!" Frodo grinned. "You're not going to get in trouble, Sam. This is something I have to do. I can't back down now, not when I'm so close!" His face broke into a wide smile. "I know I can trust you Sam, that's why I brought you here to watch after me!" He stood once more, and procured a large canvas bag from his britches' pocket. He tucked it under his arm and tightened his suspenders, as if he was preparing for battle. "Now, keep a lookout for me. If you see anything suspicious, come and get me, alright? I'll be just on the other side of these cornstalks." Without another word, the Baggins disappeared. I sat where I had landed, my arms crossed in a huff, tapping my fingers on my arm impatiently. "'Cross the fields and back', my eye! He's got his own little agenda for this evening! He's always using me..." I wasn't really angry, but the thought of the Gaffer's face when he found out