CHAPTER ONE Tessa was a little nervous. Not because she was stood on a crowded platform bustling with strange and eccentric people wearing robes and pointy hats, nor because of the constant noises of chatter, owls screeching with the odd meow of a cat thrown in. Oh no. She was nervous – no, terrified – to see her friends again. In a way, that was ridiculous. One shouldn't be scared to see friends. But, then again, Tessa's friends were an exception, considering that she hadn't seen them in a year, and they were incredibly violent people. She was mostly afraid of their reaction to her return. Her mother, Genevieve O'Connell, had randomly been offered a job in a Hippogriff sanctuary in Bulgaria, and incidentally, that mean she, Tessa and Sallie – Genevieve's long-term girlfriend – had upped and moved on two weeks notice. Her friends were furious with her, and that was putting it lightly, although, they'd understood that she had no choice in the matter when Genevieve sat them all down and explained she was to blame. At the time that she'd left, Tessa had no idea how long they'd be staying in Bulgaria, and neither did Genevieve, so the goodbye between Tessa and her friends had been indefinite. The blonde had managed to convince herself that she would be back in a couple of months, but that idea had been shattered when her mother enrolled her for the year at Durmstrang. She'd hated the school for the first few weeks, but had grown to like it. She couldn't deny the tad of disappointment she'd felt when her mother had announced they were moving back to Ireland. Tessa had grown up in a little house on the coast, and lived there for most of her life, so it was a little underwhelming to move back to her old home after having lived in an entirely different country with a different landscape, culture and language. Theoretically, she should have been more excited, but she was actually dreading going back to Hogwarts. When she first left, she hoped that her friends would find someone to fill her spot in the group, more fantastic and wonderful than she ever was, to take care of them, but now she had come back, she was terrified that they'd forgotten her. A year is a long time. She nibbled on her bottom lip as she looked around her. It was familiar in a hazy way, her memories clouded by the close air, thick with steam from the scarlet steam train squatting in preparation, ready to leave. The people around her had blurred into one huge blob of colour and noise, and she was disorientated. She'd always had James or Rebecca to guide her through the stressful and anxiety-provoking crowds. It was so loud, and she barely had time to breathe before someone bumped into her shoulder or elbowed her in the stomach. "Oh, crap," she mumbled, her Irish accent soft but still distinct. She ran a hand through her blonde, wavy hair, and glanced around her for any sort of familiar face. She didn't care if she'd only spoken to them once, or never at all, she just needed to see someone she recognised so she was sure there hadn't been some sort of time skip and all fifth years had disappeared off of the face of the earth. Genevieve and Sallie had offered to see her off, but then they had both just gone back to work, and had to stay in Ireland due to some sort of pygmypuff emergency. Those fluffy little buggers can wreak havoc. It was a nice day in London, so making her way to King's Cross Station, Tessa had to dodge sun-seeking muggles left, right and centre. Her hold on her fourteen and a half inch hazel wood wand with a core of dragon heartstring had caused her knuckles to go white, though she didn't know why. A muggle wouldn't be afraid of a pointy stick. "I beg to differ." Tessa squeaked in fright and whirled around, brandishing her wand and pointing it at the owner of the voice, who was stood calmly behind her, his hands in the pockets of his jeans and his eyebrows raised above the top of his round-rimmed glasses. Tessa froze in recognition. "Tessa Rose O'Connell." the boy said, shaking his head. "Still thinking aloud, just like you used to." Tessa opened her mouth to reply, but no sound came out. She was too shocked. Stood in front of her was her once best friend, James Potter. He looked almost exactly the same, except taller and thinner. His round, child-like face had narrowed, and his unruly black curls were piled messily atop his head, instead of neatly combed like his mother used to insist he wore it. His voice was lower, much lower, and Tessa nearly laughed. They stood looking at each other for a few seconds, before both grinned and lunged forward, wrapping their arms around each other in a bear-hug. "Merlin, I've missed you." Tessa mumbled into James' shoulder. He was quite a bit taller than her now, and she was the tallest of her female friends. James scoffed, resting his chin on top of her head. "I should hope so. I was the light of your life before you disappeared for a year." Tessa smacked his arm, still not releasing him from the hug. "Shut up." "Rude." James sniffed, grinning as they began to sway from side to side. It was a habit of Tessa's. She always swayed when hugging someone, and no one knew why, not even her. "Wait!" he yelled loudly, prising the girl from him and holding her at arms length, his eyes narrowed. "Are you staying for good this time, or am I going to have to unleash my saved up tears?" Tessa laughed and shook her head. "Staying for good. Gen promised me I'd finish my education at Hogwarts." "Yay!" James squealed, picking Tessa up and twirling her round. Tessa's eyebrows rose up to her hairline as James popped her back down, clearing his throat and speaking deeply in an attempt to cover up the high-pitched sound that just escaped his lips. "I mean, yes, that's good. I'm glad." Tessa smiled and rolled her eyes. "Smooth recovery." "Thank you very much." James answered, with a cheeky grin and a wink. "Now, Miss Stranger, what on earth have you been doing this past year? I sincerely hope crying over not seeing my face everyday is on the list." "Crying over your face is the list, James." Tessa said slyly, smirking as he gasped in offence. "That's just mean, Tess." Tessa smiled. Seeing James, hearing him use her old nickname again, had driven away any doubt or dread she had been feeling. She had the cliché warm and fuzzy feeling in her stomach, and was glowing with joy. The noise of the hustle and bustle of the platform was no longer nerve-racking, the air was no longer thick and hard to breathe in. It was once again the beautiful Platform 9 ¾, the meeting place of students of Hogwarts School Of Witchcraft and Wizardry, and the steam train before her was going to take her home. Without a word, Tessa threw herself into another hug with James, taking him by surprise. "Whoa!" he huffed, the air being knocked out of him by the force of Tessa's embrace. "Calm down, Tess." "Shut up and let me hug you, you giant, curly-haired shithead." James raised his eyebrows, but hugged her back, smiling a little. He lowered his voice to a whisper. "I missed you too." Tessa's eyes snapped open and she jumped backward, pointing at James with a shocked expression on her face, but he was way ahead of her. "Na uh!" he snapped, wagging his finger at her. "I will deny those words leaving my mouth for the rest of eternity. We speak no more of this." Tessa closed her mouth, her large brown eyes still wide with excitement. James looked toward the train as he saw reams of teenagers boarding, dragging their trunks through the doors and looking a little rushed. "Okay, Tea-leaves, time to board the train." Tessa glared at him as he took her hand, pulling her quickly toward the huge, red, metal snake. She hated tea, with a passion, much to the horror of Rebecca, and James knew that. He claimed he called her "Tea-leaves" because of the first letter of her name, but she knew he did it just to annoy her. Although, her glare was half-hearted. She was mostly happy to see him again. He stopped at the train door, taking her trunk from her hand and lifting it onto the train – with some difficultly, as the wheels had gotten stuck in some of the cracks in the concrete – before turning and offering Tessa his hand. "My lady?" he said dramatically, playing on his already strong British accent to make himself sound so posh, his words were simply one noise of indistinguishable speech. Tessa stuck her nose up in the air, and daintily took his hand, flouncing up onto the train and twirling in the corridor, before bowing to him. He nodded. "Very good. I see life at Durmstrang has lessened your insufferable clumsiness." James dodged the swiping hand and flew down the train corridor, the blonde sprinting after him, giggling almost manically. Compartments full of students all turned to see the two blurs pass their doors, either murmuring in disapproval or chuckling in familiarity. James and Tessa were known for their playful violence around school. Or at least, they were when Tessa last checked. But that was a year ago. James turned off, ducking into a compartment, and Tessa propelled herself forward, determined to get there before he shut the door to protect himself. She turned and skidded to a halt, finding that the door was indeed open, but for a reason. She wobbled, trying to stop herself barrelling forward into the five people sat in the compartment, before freezing. Five people. She counted the pairs of feet as she was staring at the floor. Slowly, she looked up, to see James grinning like an excited puppy on one side of the compartment, the four other people staring at her with mixed expressions. Some were surprise, some were confusion, and one was furious excitement. There were a few beats of silence as Tessa avoided the eyes of her old friends, before a blur of brown hair and burgundy clothing bounded forward, jumping on the blonde girl. "Tessa!" "Agh!" Tessa screamed as she was knocked off her feet, her spine jarring against the carpeted floor of the train corridor, a body landing on top of her. She blinked, her vision going fuzzy momentarily, before she saw the familiar face of Rebecca. "You're back!" the blue-eyed brunette yelled, jumping up and pulling the blonde up with her. Tessa's head was spinning at the fast movement, but she didn't have time to recover, as she was enveloped in another vigorous hug. "I can't believe you're back." Rebecca suddenly pulled back and punched Tessa's arm. "You didn't think to write, you twerp?!" Tessa rubbed her arm and mumbled an "Ow." but Rebecca wasn't finished. "I can't believe you didn't tell me you were coming back! I don't know if I should be hugely pissed at you or just hug you! This is your fault! You're confusing me!" Tessa just blinked as her best friend raged, throwing her arms up in the air, her expression changing constantly from happy to angry to betrayed to excited. It took a few minutes for Rebecca to stop ranting for long enough for Tessa to slip a few words in. "Becca!" she roared, claiming the attention of the fuming brunette. "I'm sorry I didn't write, okay?" Rebecca folded her arms and narrowed her eyes, shifting from foot to foot. She began to look a little sheepish, before eventually relaxing