1 August, 1965. Beneath a thin crescent moon on the coast of Fylde, all was still but for the gentle waves lapping against the shore and a breeze that whispered of rain. Great clouds loomed over the sea, shrouding even the stubbornest of stars. It might have been impossible to see clearly on such a night on another beach, but this beach happened to be home to a very popular amusement park. Dazzling lights from the roller coasters and Ferris wheel blazed and stretched their way down the coastline for nearly two miles. It was precisely here, where the lights from the park met the edge of darkness, that a short, porcine man by the name of Mr. Niles Smudgeworth stood waiting. It was cool for an August night, and Mr. Smudgeworth hugged himself. Someone's tattered, castoff old scarf lay in the sand beside him, but he was not tempted. He was unconcerned, as well, with the chance of rain. In fact, he felt very calm as he listened to the waves. Schlap. Schlap, they said. Ahh, Smudgeworth thought, such a delightful sound. He smiled to himself. Schlap. Schlap. Mr. Smudgeworth had been sent to deliver a confidential message to some very dear friends of his. He had been waiting now for a few hours. Not one person had passed by in all this time. Yes, he thought, they really chose the perfect spot. Schlap. Schlap. In time, two tiny silhouettes appeared in the distance from the direction of the park. Mr. Smudgeworth watched their approach. The two newcomers stopped and embraced. He smiled again. His friends' happiness really was his own. It brought such peace and joy to see couples in love. Before long, he could hear the sounds of conversation and laughter. As they neared, he could make out the words. "I couldn't take my eyes off the drummer all night ," came the voice of the female. "It's incredible what someone can do with just a couple of sticks!" "You know, I think he's one of your kind," a man replied. "One of ours? What makes you say that?" "I think it's obvious, really. He's great with sticks, for one. Not to mention, no Muggles in their right minds would name their child 'Ringo'." "What? I think it's a perfectly ordinary name!" "You've hit the nail on the head, my dear." None of this made any sense to Mr. Smudgeworth. He had certainly never heard of anyone called Ringo. As he watched, the couple began to embrace again and fell to the ground this time, still laughing. He chose this moment to announce himself. "Ahem," he said, stepping into the last fingers of light. "Oh!" and "Good heavens!" came the cries of alarm from his friends. "Terribly sorry for interrupting," Mr. Smudgeworth said in a high, squeaky voice. "Oh! Niles, it's you! How did you know we would be all the way out here at this hour?" said the female. He noticed the 13-inch piece of blond wood in her hand. He raised his own hand, almost instinctively, in which he, too, held a long stick of wood. " Expelliarmus! " he heard himself cry. The piece of wood flew up out of her hand and landed in the sand several yards behind them. They both stared at him, bewildered. Then, after a mere second, he saw realization dawn on both of their faces. "Darling, get to the Portkey!" shouted the man, running and stumbling in his dash for the piece of blond wood. The woman saw the scarf at Mr. Smudgeworth's feet. His eyes locked on hers. He raised his wand arm again. " Avada Kedavra !" he cried. A bright green flash filled the night sky, reflecting off the waves, and the woman fell to her side, dead. " NO! " the man screamed. "Niles, what have you done? What have you done!? Think of Astrid! She's not yet three!" Mr. Smudgeworth pointed his wand at the man, who froze, as though making up his mind about something, and then charged Mr. Smudgeworth. " Avada Kedavra !" Smudgeworth screamed again. Another flash of green, and now there were two dead bodies at his feet. Schlap. Schlap. All was quiet again, yet the waves were no longer calming to Mr. Smudgeworth, who was beginning to feel as though he had just awoken from a terrible dream. He looked down at the bodies of his beloved friends, his vision slowly clearing. "Oh!" he squeaked. "Oh dear, oh dear !" He fell to his knees, his eyes filling with tears. "What have I done!? Oh, Merlin's beard !" The waves continued to lap at the shore as Mr. Smudgeworth began to sob. Many miles from Mr. Smudgeworth's beach, the rain had already fallen over a quaint village filled with identical thatched-roof cottages, a few places of business, and a small church with an unobtrusive steeple. Apart from the foggy streetlamps at each corner, the lights had all been turned out but for one house whose front window still shone. A carefully-pruned tree stood outside this window, and in it perched a large crow who was trying to sleep. The light was distracting him, and every now and then a tall, stern-faced woman in a nightdress appeared in the window to look out at the street. Now the crow opened one eye and found the woman once again in the window, looking rather more concerned than before. Inside the house, Mrs. Naiadina Featherley paced to and fro. Returning from the window, she seated herself on a sturdy wooden sofa and drummed her fingers on the armrest. After a few seconds, however, she seemed to grow tired of this and walked further into the dwelling, out of sight now of the crow. Mrs. Featherley climbed a set of curving stairs and entered a modest-sized bedroom, wherein a tiny child with mouse-brown hair lay in a bed much too large for her holding a flashlight and reading a book. The child looked up, startled at the sudden appearance of Mrs. Featherley in the doorway. "Astrid," said Mrs. Featherley, with a hint of impatience, "what did I tell you before?" The child appeared to concentrate and consider her words carefully before she spoke. "You said, 'Impressive though it may be that a child of your age is so keenly devouring storybooks, your parents will have my head if they return to find you still awake.' Sorry, Auntie 'Dina." Mrs. Featherley blinked. "Yes, well. I'll just be taking that book and that odd little light-making device." She strode to the bed and took the objects out of the child's hands. The light seemed to come from Astrid's eyes now as she replied, "It's called a flashlight! It makes light without a wand, and you don't even have to cast a spell! You just push this 'ere button, see?" "That's fascinating, Astrid, but now you must get some sleep." She pulled the covers over the girl, who placed her head cooperatively on the pillow. "Auntie 'Dina?" "Yes, dear?" "I love you." Mrs. Featherley smiled and kissed her on the forehead. "I love you, too," she said. "Good night." She left the room and returned downstairs, still carrying the book and the flashlight. After another glance out the window, she sat back down on the sofa, picked up the book, and studied the cover. It had a shiny golden spine and was titled, The Poky Little Puppy . She opened the book and began to read, even chuckling once or twice. Outside the window, the crow had all but decided to seek out a new roost for the remainder of the night, when there came a sound from nearby like a faint pop. An official-looking man wearing a dark cloak and a very grim expression appeared in the yard. The crow, resigned now to his sleepless night, peered down at the man, who hesitated briefly, sighing and shuffling from one foot to the other before straightening, clasping his hands behind his back, and striding forward. He hesitated once more at the door to the Featherleys' home before knocking. Inside, Mrs. Featherley, now examining the flashlight in some confusion, jumped up, startled. Reaching down, she grasped a robe from the sofa to cover her nightdress, and hurried to the door. She practically flung the door open and then froze when she saw the person who stood there. "Barty!" she said, in something akin to disbelief. "Ah, Naiadina," the man said. "Terribly sorry to disturb you at this hour, but I'm here on Ministry business. Er…might I come in?" "Of course," said Mrs. Featherley, clutching her robe about her and stepping aside to allow him room. "Where is Harold? Sleeping?" said the man called Barty. "No," came another male voice from the stairwell. "No," he said with a yawn, moving to stand beside his wife, "I'm up. What's this about, then, Crouch?" "Well, I've got a spot of bad news, I'm afraid." Mr. Crouch reached up to stroke a small black mustache. "My sister and her husband?" said Mrs. Featherley. "It might help if we were seated," said Mr. Crouch. "Barty, has something happened to my sister?" Mrs. Featherley stood rigidly in place. Mr. Crouch looked back and forth between them and sighed again. "Not long ago, I was in my office when I received a visit from one Niles Smudgeworth. You're familiar with the man?" He hesitated as the Featherleys nodded their agreement. "Yes, well…Niles was all out of sorts. In tears. Could hardly speak for the blubbering." He cleared his throat. "It seems Niles was in the presence of your sister and her husband earlier tonight, at a beach over in Blackpool." "Yes, they went to an event there tonight, but they should have returned hours ago," said Mrs. Featherley. "It seems they got into a spot of trouble on the way back to their Portkey." No one spoke. "Killed. Both of them," Mr. Crouch went on. Mrs. Featherley screamed. Outside, the crow, exasperated, finally took off, heading for the church steeple and a bit of rest. Mr. Featherley assisted his wife into a chair before saying, "When you say 'killed'…." "I mean murdered," said Mr. Crouch. "By, so he says, Niles Smudgeworth himself." "That's not possible," Mr. Featherley said. "Niles is a family friend. He would never harm them. In fact, Niles wouldn't harm a mosquito if it was biting him." "Yes, well, he claims to have been under the Imperius Curse." A deathly silence fell over the room. "You're saying," said Mr. Featherley, "you're saying that this is the work of…of him ." He gave a small shudder. "It very much appears so." "So…it's happened," said Mrs. Featherley, wiping away her tears. "It has happened to us." There was another silence. "These are…dark times we live in, Naiadina. Lord Voldemort" —he spoke the name with disgust—"is ruthless in his treatment of Muggles. He would go to any length—well. Let us just say it's a good job your sister and brother-in-law weren't tortured, as well. Yours is not the first grieving family. No, not by far. Nor will it be the last, I fear, but the Ministry is doing everything it can to stop him, as well you know. This… pestilence …must be wiped out. The trouble is, it's damned near impossible to tell who is innocent and who is lying." "So, Niles…" Mr. Featherley began. "…Will be held in custody until we can hold trial. I daresay he'll be let off, but in the meantime, you must trust no one. Now, I came straightaway. I'm terribly sorry to be the bearer of such bad tidings, but we have another important matter we must discuss. I understand Mr. and Mrs. Hastings have a young daughter?" Mrs. Featherley sniffed. "Astrid, yes." "We will take her, of course," Mr. Featherley said. He placed an arm around Mrs. Featherley's shoulders and gave her a quick squeeze. "Yes, of course," said Mrs. Featherley, "we have always wanted one