Disclaimer: All rights belong to J. K. Rowling and Warner Bros. I own nothing but the plot. Warning: If you are looking for a fluffy, light-hearted fic, this story probably isn't the right one. Rated M for death, violence, mental disorders (child and adult), psychological trauma, adult themes, eventually future sexual scenes. Rather dark Dramione with a slow burn. Characters can be OOC because of the plot. Reviews are very welcome! I'm very interested in your opinion and it is my greatest encouragement. Enjoy your read! " She liked broken things, Broken people. To her, If there was nothing to fix, There was nothing to love." - Christopher Poindexter Requiem and Rhapsody Chapter 1: Prelude The hands of the young woman were flying over the black and white keyboard, jumping from an octave to the other. Her fingertips were stroking the white keys, fluttering up to caress the black ones briefly, in a conversation where music was responding to touches. Her eyes slid over the lines on the yellowed music sheets in front of her, more out of habit than necessity, gazing unseeingly at the black and white heads, hanging from their tiny, elegant stems, or, on the contrary, pulling them up, the swirly little flags stirring in a nonexistent breeze. Music is easy for those who understand its language. It knows when to shout, it knows when to cry, when to murmur, and sometimes, it even knows when to fall silent and for the exact time it has to. Music is dots and lines, black and white. Whereas life is all winding roads, cliffs to jump off, dead ends to bump into, all plunged in half light, hidden in shadows, and where even black and white have their shades of gray. The girl's gaze traveled to the bookshelf standing against the wall behind the piano. The books were neatly lined up in tight rows, some of their titles, written in gilded letters on their leather bindings or simple paperbacks, were glinting in the soft glow of a single lamp overhead. On the top shelf, a collection of picture frames was artfully displayed so the ones on the front did not hide the ones behind; they were disparate, some of them simple and wooden, others, which could have easily belonged in a teenage girl's room, were brightly colored and decorated with seashells or artificial flowers. Some photographs were moving – waving, winking and smiling from behind their spotless glass windows; a family, which's members all extraordinarily had flaming red hair, a man, whose reddish, beaming face was framed by a shaggy mane of hair and a bushy beard, a happy couple – the purple-haired young woman clinging onto the arm of a graying man, who looked weary but was smiling and had youth in his eyes. The pictures that weren't moving all showed mostly the same couple: proud parents, holding the hands of a little bushy-haired girl with buck teeth – at a fair, in a library (the girl was barely visible behind the stacks of books in that one), or showing off a primary school diploma. All the photographs, muggle and wizarding, didn't have a speck of dust on their frames. All but one that stood in the very middle, like frozen in time. The glass was dull from a thin layer of dust, beneath which three kids were holding hands and grinning at the invisible camera. The bushy-haired little girl – who was probably eleven or twelve years old at the time the picture was taken – stood between a small boy with messy black hair and bright green eyes that glinted behind his round glasses and a tall redhead with freckles, who had the thin frame of someone who had grown too fast. All three of them were smiling widely at the young woman sitting at the piano, their black Hogwarts robes tossed by the wind around their ankles, oblivious of the years that had passed and of what had become of themselves. "This one is for you," whispered Hermione to one of the kids in the picture, even though it was long she had stopped playing. She stood up and cast a glance around the dimly lit living room. It was short after dawn, and a cold, bleak morning light was filtering through the gap between the heavy curtains shielding the windows. Crossing the room, she stepped over a pile of rather skillful child's drawings lying on the floor in a stripe of bluish light and went quietly to the bathroom door. She examined her reflection in the mirror above the sink, warily at first, and then with a methodic, unforgiving eye: she pressed her fingertips to the outer corners of her eyes, pulling at the skin. She hadn't regained yet all the weight she had lost during the year she had spent wandering in the wilderness, hunting the Horcruxes. Her features looked sharper with her skin drawn over her cheekbones, and the shadows under her eyes and in the hollow of her cheeks were all the more noticeable because of the general paleness of her face. Hermione sighed and rummaged inside a small cosmetic bag that was on the rim of the sink next to a toy plastic boat, retrieving a large make-up brush and a flat, square box containing barely used light pink powder. She applied some color to her cheeks, covered her lips with a colorless balm and pulled her wild, dark curls into a tight ponytail at the nape of her neck. She then needlessly smoothened the fabric of the black pencil skirt and the navy blue shirt she was wearing, and after one last critical glance in the mirror, walked out of the bathroom. She crossed the living room again, snatching her purse from a chair and taking a hot thermos from the counter of the open kitchen as she walked by. She put the thermos inside her bag, dropping it on the floor of the narrow hallway that was the apartment's entrance, and slipped her feet into a pair of leather boots standing by the door. Taking a thick blue winter coat from a wall-mounted hanger, Hermione threw it around her shoulders with a long black scarf she wrapped loosely around her neck, before returning to the kitchen area. She had almost forgotten that Nathaniel would probably wake up before her return. Taking a bottle of milk out of the fridge, she poured some into a glass for it to warm up at the ambient temperature and put it with a bowl and a spoon on the dining table standing between the kitchen counter and the stove. She then fetched a square plastic box with a piece of fruit cake inside and a jar of cereals out of a cupboard and put them next to the glass of milk. Once Nathaniel's breakfast ready, Hermione rounded the counter and tiptoed to a closed door opposite the kitchen area and next to the entrance hallway. Quietly opening it, she popped her head inside. The soft, golden glow of a nightlight standing on the bedside table revealed what was initially intended to be something of a guest room but had been rearranged to accommodate a child. Plush toys were piled on an armchair standing in the far corner, and every inch of the wardrobe was covered with child's drawings that had been stuck to it with Spello-tape. Asleep in the middle of the large double bed, the six-year-old boy himself looked like merely a small lump under the thick red comforter with yellow and purple dragons printed on it. Quietly entering the room, Hermione went to sit on the edge of the bed, careful not to wake the little boy as the mattress sank under her weight. She watched him sleep, a small smile playing on her lips. Nathaniel's chest was rising and falling steadily beneath the red flannel of his pajamas, and his little fists were clutching the fabric of the comforter. Hermione reached out, brushing some feathery strands of straight, dark brown hair from his temple. The child's eyelids moved without opening, his long, black eyelashes casting tiny shadows on his smooth, round cheeks. A small crease appeared on his pointed chin and dimples formed at the corners of his mouth as he pouted at something he was dreaming about. Leaning over him, Hermione briefly pressed her lips to his forehead, and after readjusting the comforter over him, left the room. It scared her sometimes to realize how much the child had grown on her. Kissing him goodbye had soothed her more than music or an hour preparing herself. She forgot more and more often that she had no right to get too attached to him. Dismissing the thought, Hermione picked up her bag from the floor of the entrance and pulled out her wand. Turning on the spot, she let the familiar sensation of being sucked through a black hole shatter and dissolve her body. /\\/\\/\\/\\ The sound of her apparating was drowned out by the ambient hubbub of conversations and the loud pounding of footsteps on the polished, dark wood floorboards. Dozens of feet were stepping over the golden lines running on the floor and delimiting the Apparition area, as wizards and witches carrying stacks of papers, boxes, and briefcases rushed into the Atrium of the Ministry. Others joined them, dusting their robes and walking out of the row of gilded fireplaces set into the paneled wall on the left side of the vast hall, emerald green flames bursting high to the peacock blue ceiling and making its moving golden symbols shine. Hermione mingled with the crowd, her field of vision becoming a forest of various hats and shoulders wrapped in thick scarves and clad in a disparate array of winter cloaks and Muggle coats. As it moved further toward the heart of the Atrium, the human tide suddenly split like a wave crashing on a breakwater, and as people continued on their way on either side, Hermione stopped, gazing at the edge of the wall towering over them and that had been erected in the middle of the Atrium, cutting it in two. It ran all the way from the middle of the hall to the Fountain of Magical Brethren on its other end, a few feet taller than the people walking around it. Hundreds of names and dates, Muggles and wizards alike, were engraved in golden characters on its black marble surface on both sides of it, reminding them of the heavy cost of the war, fueling their confidence that weakness and leniency weren't an option now that it was over. As if they could ever forget. Voices were becoming hushed and footsteps slowed down as people walked on either side of the memorial, eying it out of the corner of their eye or stopping and bowing their heads, as though a weight had been dropped onto their shoulders. Flowers and rosettes were floating in midair in some places. Notes and pictures had been stuck to the marble next to many names, their now dead subjects smiling and waving sadly at the passers-by. There were even ordinary ones that weren't moving, placed there for Muggle friends and relatives. Forcing herself to tear her feet off the ground, Hermione slowly moved to the side, gazing unseeingly at the familiar names and faces that turned into a blur inside her suddenly frozen mind. By the time she reached the fountain, she had to wipe her hands that were beading with cold sweat inside her pockets. Swallowing hard, she accelerated her pace, nearly running across the remaining distance to the golden gates of the lifts at the end of the Atrium. Once her wand registered at the security stand, she stood in line, waiting for a free cabin, as witches and wizards poured in and out of the elevators, her fists clenched, nails digging into her palms, and her face set resolutely. Finally, an empty lift slid smoothly out of