Part One Bellatrix was feeling a little irritated, to say the least. Her parents had just cancelled another of her betrothals – only this time she'd actually liked the man she was to marry. Rodolphus was good looking and had enough contact with the Dark Lord to ensure that she could join when she finished school in a year's time. Her father had informed her just a moment ago that he wanted her to meet a guest he had. As she approached her fathers' office, she noticed a man just leaving. The man was tall, with a full head of black curls, lily-white skin with a strong and masculine jaw line and cheekbones, thick black eyelashes and bright blue eyes. He was without a doubt the most handsome man she had ever seen. Bellatrix could never resist a good-looking man with a dark aura, and as he stared into her eyes she knew he was very dark indeed. He transfixed her, she could tell he was dangerous instantly and that excited her. Perhaps he was a Death Eater. Perhaps they were trying to marry her off to him. Cygnus and her mother, Druella, were keen to see their eldest daughter make an excellent marriage. Of course, they were only interested in what they would gain from it; her feelings were not taken into consideration. But then here was a different sort of man from all the others she'd met before... Her parents had really got it right for once. Then the man smiled at her, and Bellatrix felt her knees weaken slightly as he moved towards her. She couldn't tear her eyes away from him, and he didn't seem to want to look away from her either. Cygnus broke the spell by coming out of the office and shutting the door behind him. Bellatrix hastily looked to her father, and she was questioning as she did. "Bellatrix, we were just coming to find you," Cygnus said walking towards her. One hand rested on her shoulder. "My Lord," he said, turning to the tall man, who was still watching Bellatrix intently. The man turned his attention to Cygnus, although Bellatrix was sure he was having difficulty in doing so. She didn't even hear that her father had addressed the man with a title. "This is my eldest daughter Bellatrix. Bellatrix, this is the Dark Lord." Bellatrix's eyes widened, she had been ogling over the Dark Lord? This man was powerful, she had only ever dreamt of meeting this man but she had never thought in a million years it would happen, his servants, his Death Eaters – They were all men. She bowed her head to him. "It is a pleasure to be of your acquaintance, my Lord," Bellatrix said softly, peeking up at him from under her eyelashes, hoping with every fibre that he liked what he saw. Cygnus turned to the Dark Lord. "Forgive me, my Lord, I must leave for the Ministry at once." He looked back at his daughter. "Bellatrix will you see that the Dark Lord is well looked after?" "Of course, Father," Bellatrix said softly, her eyes flicking towards the handsome Dark Lord for a moment. He looked about thirty; surely this man was older than that? "I shall owl you this evening, my Lord," Cygnus said and with a bow he turned on his heel towards the apparation room, leaving Bellatrix and the Dark Lord very much alone in the house together. The Dark Lord smiled at Bellatrix once more, and her stomach lurched. She wanted him. "The pleasure to meet you is all mine, Miss Black." It was the first time he'd spoken and his voice was very sexy. Slowly, he reached for her hand and pressed a gentle kiss on her knuckles, his eyes never leaving hers. Bellatrix held his gaze as she smiled at him. "You must call me Bellatrix, my Lord," she murmured, slightly breathless. "I think I shall call you Bella," Voldemort responded, finally letting go of her hand. Her eyes lit up, although she didn't know exactly what to say to that. She settled on something safe. "Would you like to stay for a drink?" Bellatrix asked him, slightly uncertain as to whether he would stay or not. Voldemort smiled at her. "I would love to stay, Bella," he said much to Bellatrix's surprise, and she led the way to the sitting room. They sat down together, and before they knew it they were deep in conversation. They had a lot in common, Voldemort wanted to know all about her life, Hogwarts, the classes she took and her social life inside Hogwarts. Bellatrix wanted to know about Voldemort's aims, followers and supporters, and soon they both began to know a lot about each other. "Are you betrothed, Bella?" Voldemort asked suddenly, as she finished telling him about the ten O. she'd received. Bellatrix laughed softly. "Not at present, my Lord," she replied, not wanting to mention her recently broken engagement. "Do you want to marry?" he pressed, and Bellatrix wondered why he was so interested in her potential husbands. "I don't want to be a housewife, I would be bored," Bellatrix said honestly. "I want to do something with a purpose." She paused, looking at him in contemplation. "I would love to join you, but what husband would allow that?" Voldemort smiled. "In that case, I had best lay my claim on you before you get married," he said, and as Bellatrix turned to look at him and ask what he meant, she felt his hand press against the back of her neck, pulling her forwards. Their lips met, and Bellatrix could hardly breathe, he was an amazing kisser. As he pulled away, Bellatrix could feel his hand in her hair, stroking her soothingly. She rested her chin on his shoulder, not quite sure what he meant still. "I think I could use a woman in my ranks," Voldemort told her quietly. "Especially one as beautiful and talented as you." Bellatrix smiled. "Well, they want me to finish school before anything is decided, so there is still time." She paused. "I think I have just decided exactly what I want from my life, though." Voldemort chuckled. "And what would that be, Bella?" Bellatrix smirked, leaning forwards and kissing him briefly. "You." The Dark Lord nodded, smiling. "I love how bold you are," he said, kissing her and holding her tightly to him. Bellatrix lay back in his arms, for what seemed like an eternity before he spoke once more. "I must leave you now, Bellatrix." Bellatrix sat up, and turned to look at him. "When will I see you again?" she asked him, trying to hide her concern. Voldemort ran one hand down the side of her face, ending it with a kiss on her soft lips. "As soon as is possible," were Voldemort's final words before he was gone. x-x Two days later, while Bellatrix, Cygnus, Druella and her two sisters sat having breakfast, an owl arrived. It was a big, black owl, which Bellatrix thought nothing of until her father gave the letter to her to read. It was from the Dark Lord. Mr Black, I am writing to you to invite your daughter Bellatrix to my Manor. After having such a delightful afternoon with her two days ago, I'd very much like to spend the day with her. I will await her in the outskirts of the forest of my Manor at 11 o'clock today; I believe you do know that location. LV. Bellatrix excused herself from the table, after realising that it was half past ten already. She ran to her room to decide what to wear, and settled on plain black robes, with a silver and emerald sparkling clasp to hold them closed around her. She combed her hair, and applied some make up hastily, before returning back downstairs for her father's directions to the forest. She hastily disapparated, and appeared in a very dark and misty forest she'd never seen before. She looked around her, hearing things from all around. The trees were dark green, and there were leaves and twigs on the floor, crackling as she walked on them. The wind was quiet, and the fog seemed to be intensifying. She soon realised she was shaking, and that feeling increased when she heard footsteps, twigs breaking and leaves crunching. She looked over her shoulder, and saw Voldemort there, watching her, the way now clear as the mist parted. He walked over to her, his robes flowing behind him. "Welcome to my humble home," he said with a smirk. He put a hand on the small of her back, and pushed her forwards, around a tree. She blinked, sunlight hitting her, and saw a great Manor in front of her. It was built out of orange bricks; the windows were gleaming pleasantly in front of her. As though in a trance, Bellatrix found herself right outside the front doors almost instantly. Voldemort showed her into a large room. It was very beautiful, with large wooden panels on the walls, and dark gold and silver paper above it. "Have a seat," said Voldemort. Bellatrix walked forwards and sat down on the couch, hardly knowing where to look. "A drink?" he asked, watching her carefully. Bellatrix nodded. "Whatever you're having," she replied softly. This time, she couldn't keep her eyes off him. The way he moved was so graceful; his movements were like liquid. He sat down, and passed her a glass of red wine, which she accepted with a charming smile. "I'm glad to see you again, my Lord," Bellatrix said after she'd taken a sip. It was delicious wine, sweet and full. "I am very glad to see you, as well," Voldemort replied with a smile. He set his glass on the table next to him, and looked at Bellatrix. Bellatrix, placed her glass down next to his, and crawled down the couch to him, so she was almost on his lap. She reached up to kiss him. Voldemort placed his hand over her lips before she could, and Bellatrix pulled back in confusion. "Before I kiss you any more, Bella, you need to understand me, and you need to answer my question." Bellatrix, in her confusion nodded, and watched him as he began to speak. "Bellatrix, I am the Dark Lord, as you well know. I aim to purify the world of mudblood and muggle lover scum, and kill all of those who try to stop me. I am not a nice man. I torture, and I kill and I do not care who I hurt to get what I want." He paused, to let all of this sink in. "Two days ago, I met you, Bellatrix, and as soon as I saw you, I wanted you to be my own. You're beautiful; you're witty and intelligent. I knew as soon as I saw you that you are special. You will be mine, yet only if you are willing to be. Tell me now; is that what you want?" Bellatrix didn't need a moment to think; she knew her answer. "It is what I want, my Lord." Voldemort gave her the first smile that she knew he really meant. The Dark Lords eyes seemed to be turning red; Bellatrix could see colour moving through them in tiny rivers, meeting to form a lake in the middle. "You must never doubt your decision, Bella; from now on you will be mine." His voice was beginning to get very strong and commanding, and Bellatrix knew she should be scared, but his power thrilled her. Bellatrix smiled devilishly at the Dark Lord. "I am yours," she breathed, moving closer to Voldemort once again. This time, nothing would stop the kiss. It was deep and warm, and Bellatrix felt the Dark Lord's tongue against her lips. She opened her mouth to allow his full access, and she rubbed her tongue against his, exploring. She'd never