Okay so this story has been dominating my mind for the longest while, even while I was trying to write my other stories it was there popping in and out, modifying itself, becoming this. I really hope u like it. Let me kno what u think… Summary: Isabella Swan is an Undergraduate student at NYU trying to make her own way in the world, forced to leave behind her only friend, Alice. She stumbles upon an ad in the newspapers to become a live in nanny for Rosalie Hale's son Tyler King-Hale. While there she and Rose find the perfect men who take them on a journey to heal. Bella learns to forgive her mother and Phil and reconnects with her past. Rose learns to forgive Tyler's father and accept her future. But with everything in life there's always a hitch, will they be able to overcome their obstacles and live a happy life? Great I'm back at high school. Wait, what am I doing here? Looking around I noticed that everyone was looking at me, not just looking though but leering in a creepy way. Why are they looking at me like that? Why do I feel so chilly? Oh…oh no. It's because I'm naked isn't it? This is one of those dreams isn't it? The ones where you walk out of the house naked and don't realize it until it's too late. Wait…it's…it's changing…oh…hello! Now this is a dream I don't mind being trapped in. Laying on a bed, naked, a figure hovering above me. As I focus on his face his features begin to change. His hair turns a coppery shade of brown, his once banal eyes becomes a magnificent emerald. His face is beautiful and inhuman in its perfection. His body is chiseled and lean, and he is glistening slightly. If he were only real, if only he were really mine. In the distance a baby cries, waking me from my wondrous dream and I know, it's time to go back to the real world. I reluctantly wake up and go back to the real world. I get off the bed, immediately regretting my decision to become Rosalie Hale's nanny. She was never home at night anymore which effectively left me to do all night duty with her extremely fussy baby on my own. I trudge off to little Tyler's room, walking with his baby Anbesol to soothe his irritated gums, the cause for his fussing. Who leaves their teething baby at home with the nanny while they stay out all night? Then I remember what she's been through and I immediately forget any irritation I felt before. As I open his nursery door I see his big blue eyes and blond mop of hair peeking over the sides of the crib. I pick him up and he calmed instantly only making small whimpering noises. After rubbing the ointment on his swollen gums I put him back to sleep, but I'm too awake now to even hope for such a reprieve. Walking aimlessly around the apartment I recall every detail of my life which brought me to this point. I was born Isabella Marie Swan to Charles and Renee Swan on September 13th, 1987. Life had been great up until my mother decided she didn't love my father anymore. Since I was a minor at the time I was subject to my mother's whims and was dragged across the continent to Phoenix because she couldn't deal with the cold and the rains for one more minute so the heat was the only option. We developed a routine, she took me to school and picked me up, and then we would go out to a fast food joint and grab dinner. On weekends we would go for drives and explore the area. Sometimes, when she'd picked up a new hobby, she'd take me along to the classes. I was able to visit my father during the major holidays for two weeks at a time. Then there came Phil. Phil Dwyer came into my mother's life circa 2001 and effectively stopped all chances of me ever being allowed to see my father again. I was crushed, but my mom was in love and so could see nothing beyond what Phil said. They got married two years into their courtship which, if anyone knew my mother, was a long time to wait, and Phil had hinted that he wanted to adopt me and give me his name. That was never going to happen if I had anything to do about it. I had nothing against him, he treated me well, but I had a father and I loved him. Luckily Charlie was not a fan of that notion either so I didn't have to put up much of a fight. He had argued that not allowing him to see his only child was more than enough; they would take nothing else from him. My life had been mundane and routine before Phil and it had remained as such after his arrival. I had few friends and therefore I hardly ever left the house. When I was at home I would usually just lock myself in my room and get lost in the written word, mine or someone else's. It was in 2004 when everything changed. I was about to enter my final year of high school when Phil decided that he wanted to move to Europe. I wasn't invited along, not that I would've gone either way. He called Charlie and told him if he wanted me so much he can have me, starting immediately. So it was in my final year, at seventeen years old, that I was reacquainted with my father. There I met my best friend Alice Brandon, a pixie like little ball of energy. She had somehow gotten me to come out of my shell and experience the world through the eyes of a senior. We went to parties, where I mostly kept to the background, but I went which was a major accomplishment for me. She dragged me shopping, which I despised but went along with because I loved her. We had sleepovers almost every weekend. Life had been great. We applied to the same colleges, her for fashion, me for education, and we sat with bated breath waiting for our acceptance letters. My world almost careened to a dangerous halt when we found out we weren't accepted to the same schools. She got into Brooks College in California and I got into NYU. That meant I would be on my own once again. I don't do alone very well, not since I met Ali. Her enthusiasm for life is what got me through whatever challenges I face. She convinced me that this change would do me well however so it was with much trepidation that I headed off to New York. I had gotten a partial scholarship which paid for tuition and books but I had to make my own way when it came to room and board. Which meant I needed a job, and fast. Charlie put me up in an apartment that you can lease month to month and so all I had to worry about was making each month's rent, and food. But then he offered to pay the rent and, despite my protests, that was exactly what he did. I allowed him to do it for my first year in New York because, let's face it, I needed time to adjust to the new lifestyle. Then I saw Rosalie's ad in the newspaper. Single mother 27 seeking live in nanny. Pay reasonable. For more information call 1-518-719-2025 Without hesitation I found a quiet spot, which was quite a feat in that noisy apartment, and dialed her number. Her voice alone should have clued me in to how stunning she would be, but I was too excited to pay attention. She told me that she was in the area if I could meet her in a Starbucks. I got there before her so when she approached the table I nearly choked on my coffee. "Rosalie Hale?" I whispered. She smiled at me and gracefully sat in the seat opposite mine. She had not answered my question but I took her actions as affirmation. With her was a blond haired, blue eyed baby, with such dashing good looks that would make him the envy of every male within a hundred miles of him when he got older. He eyed me suspiciously for a minute but then, as if deciding I wasn't posing any threats to his person he snuggled into his mother's chest and went to sleep. She told me that she was desperate for help because she had many obligations as head of the Public Relations office of her family business Hale Enterprises. When I told her travelling between Albany and Manhattan would pose a problem for me she immediately told me that she had listed her home and was in the market for a new place in an area that would be more convenient for me if I were to take the position. How could I say no to that, free room and board and three square meals a day? To top it off she was paying me $12 per hour and I had Sundays off. My class schedule was such that I would be able to attend class and Tyler would have his mom. She even offered to buy me a car if travelling would be too much of a hassle. Of course I turned that down right away. I couldn't have her spending any more money on me than was absolutely necessary. Besides my faithful truck had made the trip with me and was doing quite fine at that point. She asked me what experience I had and I told her that, being an almost social pariah for most of my life I had virtually none but I told her I was good with children. I wasn't exactly sure about that part but I was not about to jeopardize the best job offer I had come across. She told me that, for some inexplicable reason that she trusted me and I had the job if I wanted it. It took every ounce of self control that I had not to jump up, scream uncontrollably and throw myself on her in gratitude and excitement. I was to start as soon as we, yes we, found a place to live. I was to help her find a new home. It took us three months of looking and rejecting homes before we came across the most perfect house imaginable located in Greenwich Village. Getting to and from school would pose little problem. I had balked at spending nearly two million on a home but she told me if I wanted quality and comfort I would have to pay for it. At that point, witnessing her haggling with the real estate agent, I began respecting her assertiveness. In the three months it took us to find the apartment I learnt a lot about her. She was a divorcee of exactly six months who was working her way up in her father's multinational company. Her ex husband had been a man of high repute who had little regard for his marriage vows and even less regard for fatherhood. The day he found out she was pregnant with their son he had moved out of their bedroom and into one of the spare rooms. The following week he had handed her the divorce papers citing that he no longer felt any desire to be in a relationship. The trial lasted only six months but it took its toll on her confidence. He gave up all parental rights to his unborn child which was the final straw in her book. Three months later her son was born, fatherless. It was with a heavy heart and cold resolve that Rosalie signed the papers to put