A Harem Full Of Hurt Chapter One Severus twisted and turned in his cot, trying to get comfortable despite the lashes across his back. Lucius had been sold three days ago; his friend had kicked and fought all the way out of the trade building, Draco had cried despite himself. Eventually it had truly sunk in to both of them that they were not safe because of their names or titles and especially not because of their old associates. Four of the "old stock" had been disposed of in the past week; they hadn't been sold fast enough apparently. Draco was too young to remember the last time a kingship had been held by a Slytherin. But Lucius and Severus could, they had both been five when King Marcius Peverell had died and the throne had been taken over by the closest relative, who had been Charlus Potter, a lord in Gryffindor. The Kingship had been handed down to James Potter at the untimely demise of Charlus and Dorea. Then the rebellion had struck and both he and Lucius had felt gravely wronged by the crown moving out of their kingdom, despite not understanding the reasons for it. They had been young and foolish and drunk on the stories of their fathers. Then they had tried to get out of the rebel groups, tried desperately, and in return had been betrayed by their old comrades and sold to traders from the outer plains when they had passed through Slytherin. Draco had been taken with his father, and Narcissa had been killed when she had returned to the kingdom. The more vindictive scholars had named it the Malfoy Tragedy. Severus resisted letting out a moan of pain, he couldn't give them the satisfaction. They wanted to break him and destroy his sense of humanity. He had too much pride to let that happen without a fight. Draco was doing his best to stand up for himself, but he was only a child and would break soon enough, especially with his father so far away. He hesitated to fall asleep as he could feel a fever seeping in. "He's been here for re-education for almost ten weeks now. After his master brought him to us we have been trying to train him correctly, but we're nor quite done yet. Are you sure the prince would like this one? We have plenty of others that are ready to go back on the market." Patchet, the man in charge of sales had obviously brought a customer, a woman if the sound of heels on the cold stone was anything to go by. "Yes. I am sure the prince will find them suitable." The woman said quite firmly. The woman and man came into view. She was older and had a wizened look in her eyes that made her look as if she had seen the world in its entirety. She was dressed in a simple deep green dress that was similar to something a middle class woman would wear, but it had the royal coat of arms sewn onto the breast. The colour suggested someone of higher standing inside the castle staff. She peered through the bars that separated the free people from the slaves. She examined him closely, and then moved on to look at Draco. "Shall I have them brought out and presented to you?" The seller seemed eager to display them. "No, in fact I shall take them now." The seller was taken aback by the purchase and stood in place for a moment in shock before calling for a slave and have him take both the man and the boy out of their cells and prepped for travel, which generally meant drugging the slaves. Harry hated having his hair cut. It was a despicable act that should only be undertaken in the most despicable of circumstances, and it was just his luck that this was the most despicable. The coronation was tonight and he would be required to… accept a present from the court. He had turned seventeen barely a day ago and was now preparing for his… crowning. It took him a while for the circumstances to sink in, but the High Protector was no longer holding the kingdom as of tonight at least. "You have grown." Remus looked almost sad at the prospect of his masters' son "leaving the nest" so to speak. Remus had basically raised him after his parents' death. While he had basically inherited the man, he had never seen him as property or even as less than human, despite his status as a werewolf. "Yeah, I guess. But, you will always be like a father to me, you know that right?" Harry peered up through his bangs to watch the young werewolf. He had made arrangements with Albus and Minerva that tonight he would free Remus publicly and allow him to work in the palace as a free man. If he wanted to of course, Harry had no desire to free the man only to restrict him. "I would hope that I had been something similar to what your father wanted. You have grown into a fine young man, and I think you will make a wonderful king." The two shared a smile before Remus pulled the brush harshly through his hair, causing Harry to yelp in slight pain. Both collapsed into laughter. Harry had always thought that seventeen was so far away that he would be much older before he claimed the throne and know how the world worked. But now, as he sat laughing with his pseudo father, he could tell that he had a long way to go still in learning how to rule a country. "You know the story of how I came into your fathers service, right?" Remus asked after they had calmed down some. Harry nodded. He had heard the story almost a thousand times. On the day of his fathers' coronation he had been given a personal slave, "to help ease the burdens of ruling" was the phrase that was often used. James hadn't wanted a slave at all but had accepted, knowing that Remus may have gone to someone who had no intention of being kind. They had been together ever since, even through his engagement to Lilly. "The tradition is to give the ruling monarch a slave on the day of his coronation. Your father got me, and the ladies of court I believe are all putting something together for you." Harry grimaced; he didn't want to own another person. He felt it was wrong. "Could they not?" He questioned weakly, earning a chuckle from the werewolf. "I'm afraid not." Harry let out a huff and vowed to pout for the rest of the evening. Tom Riddle had never had much luck with his masters. They were either sadistic or uncaring. The last one had beaten him half to death and effectively made him cease caring about what happened to him. The Traders Den was legendary for its reputation of selling broken slaves who had lost the will to live. Tom could now fairly say that applied to him. "And how much for that one?" The negotiation had been going on for almost an hour, whoever this was she was collecting a large amount of slaves. Workers most likely. Three had already been agreed on so far and now he was on the table as well. He hated the feeling of being little more than meat, a thing. "You can have that one. It is nearing death anyway, better to take it off my hands." The trader sneered, smacking the cage bars with a stick. Tom knew better than to react. He wanted to just die, but instead he was pulled from the cage and stood up. The man who looked him over wasn't tall by any means, in fact he was too short to really be considered a threat, but he averted his eyes anyway. Two more slaves were pushed forwards to be examined. One was a slender young man with short black hair and the large letters VA had been branded into his chest as well, a Veela then, or part Veela. The other was a sickly looking boy, also a redhead, who was obviously weakened and dying. He would be useless as a labourer, but if he recovered well Tom could see the boy serving in someone's' bed. Perhaps that was the designation of this one before he grew too sick to be of any use. "The short one had a twin, but they was separated at an auction." The trader slurred, obviously drunk. Tom would have sneered at the man if he was normal, but as it was, he was in no condition to even move a muscle. His body felt like lead as he stood, wanting to collapse. The other two slaves barely fared any better. "Hagrid, take them to the cart, they will need them at the palace immediately." The short master squeaked before heading off in the direction of the larger auction houses. Tom saw the large giant, a contrast to the half sized man that had just disappeared into the crowd. He picked up the sickly boy, almost cradling him, and guided them off towards a large cart. Bill was ushered back down to the holding cells after he was purchased. He whimpered slightly as he was shoved into the stone room carelessly. His brand ached as he hit his shoulder off one of the walls. The purple robes of the woman who had bought him were stuck in his mind, the royal coat of arms sewn on the breast. Regulus Black, his alpha, was chained to the side of the room, his long hair greasy and limp. "Well. Looks like we both got a master today." The man let out a dark chuckle, had he alcohol he would have taken a long swig from the bottle. Bill gave a weak smile and sunk to the damp floor. Letting out a whimper of pain as his shoulder was jostled. Regulus was staring off into the distance, both falling into silence. His mind a million miles away. The princes' coronation was tonight; both were in a state of shock. They were meant for the prince then, odd considering their age as the new king generally was around the same age as the slave. But in this case it may have been wise to gift the seventeen year old with an older slave, maybe to help him. The claiming process however would be awkward. "What do you think he is like? The prince I mean." Bill asked nervously, he hadn't been in a relationship since before he had graduated high school, and definitely before he had been bitten. "A bloody ponce most likely. Probably never even considered some of the things that common folk have to do to survive. Probably thinks it's his god given right to own a slave." Regulus spat. Kings were all the same, selfish, bigoted, sadistic scumbags who were possessed with total control. "He's young though. Malleable, we could shape the way this kingdom could be run." Bill tried to reason. Surely a young kid couldn't be too bad. "That would make it worse. He probably thinks the world owes him, thinks that he is the be all, end all. The law I suppose. He won't change, don't even attempt it." Regulus sneered, his voice dark and harsh. He held no faith in the law or this new king. "You are educated?" A woman entered the tiny cell; her purple robes cast an odd glow being the only coloured object in the room. "Yes." Regulus snarled. "You look similar to someone I know to be dead. Regulus Black, are you of some relation to him?" Regulus paled, his face had gone almost sallow. "He was my brother. We fought often but at least he knew the truth about our parents. I didn't agree with them