Hello old and new readers! Yes I've come up with a new story. I'm almost done writing the first Liquid Gold story, (although there have been some complications) and now I'm trying my hand at something new. This particular story was demanding to be written partly because it's based on an experience I had and thought "Hey this would make a good story beginning" and mostly because of the lack of stories revolving around an entire family. Therefore, please Enjoy! WARNING! THIS STORY HAS BIG WORDS. Also, DISCLAIMER! Forgieners Chapter 1 "So why did I punch that guy for you?" Asher Hunter. No he isn't the main character. "What! You mean you didn't even have a reason to punch him?!" Henry Hunter, otherwise known as Dad. He isn't the main character either. In fact, I should probably mention that there isn't really a main character in this story - there are many main characters. Well, there's me - the narrator - and I'm in the story, but since that isn't important I'm just going to refer to myself in third person and you'll just have to guess who I am. Or not, doesn't matter to me one bit. Anyway as I was saying, the family was on a road trip- Oh… I should probably introduce the rest of the family too at this point. There's Henry - he's thirty-eight and married to Roselyn, who's thirty-six. Henry is a high school art teacher and track coach. He's also the designated family cook because the others don't even understand the concepts of 'simmer' and 'salt' and 'tablespoon'. Luckily for the rest of them, he's excellent at making a piece of paper with words on it into something one can eat. Roselyn on the other hand, is very particular. She insists that her name be pronounced Rahs-ah-lyn and shames anyone who doesn't do likewise. She's the CEO of some famous company which I've forgotten the name of and a hard core knitter in her spare time - which the children complain bitterly about, on account of the millions of socks and the copious amounts of yarn lying around the house. Which brings me to the children. The oldest - Morgan - is fifteen, an intermediate snowboarder, and most likely to be future prom queen. Her fashion sense is top notch and she can usually always be heard commenting on her younger brothers' lack of said sense. Asher, the middle child and twelve years of age, is a right nerd. Obsessed with all things Middle Earth, he is quite the accomplished Tolkien disciple and historian. And might I add, he is also a Dungeons and Dragons master player - whatever that means. He differs from his younger brother on the account that his fashion sense is at least some what acceptable - according to Morgan. David, universally known as Davy (if the universe is even aware of his existence) is a Survivalist Minecrafter and Playground Strategist - titles he has bestowed upon himself. At seven years old he, of course, has seen all the world has to offer and is very opinionated, rivaling even Morgan's pious comments (if such a thing were possible). There. Those descriptions should do well enough for this narrative and I- Oh dear. I forgot to tell you what they look like. Ah well, here goes. Roselyn has dark brown skin, light brown eyes, and black curly hair. Henry has dark tan skin, green eyes, and light brown straight hair. Morgan has medium brown skin, green eyes, and black curly hair. Asher has light tan skin, hazel eyes, and dark brown curly hair. David has medium brown skin, dark brown eyes, and light brown wavy hair. There. I'm not expecting you to remember. You've probably already made assumptions on their appearances before now any how. Oh well. As I said, doesn't matter to me. But just know that I will be reminding you of what they look like periodically in this narrative because it is actually rather important once the story really kicks off. Now where was I? Oh yes. They were on a road trip… "I had an excellent reason!" Asher proclaimed. "Morgan told me to!" "Just because Morgan tell you to do something, doesn't mean you should do it!" Roselyn remarked despondently. "I am well aware." Asher's tone was rather miffed. "However Morgan was being bothered by a rather presumptuous young man. I merely offered my assistance and she had me deck the fellow." "Do ya have to talk like that?" Davy complained. "You sound kinda weird." "It's not my problem that your vocabulary is far more limited than my own," Asher crossed his arms. "Morgan..." Henry accused. "What have I told you about hanging out with annoying guys?" "It's not my fault that he thought I was an easy target!" Morgan protested. "Besides we had it covered!" "Indeed!" Asher grinned. "He tucked tail and ran like the coward he was after his friends laughed when I decked him. They even congratulated me. Apparently he wasn't very popular among them." Henry sighed. "Well next time just tell him to go away. If you keep giving off mixed signals then boys will think you're interested. And don't you protest! We all know you do." "Whatever." Morgan slouched in her seat and put her earbuds back in. "Henry?" Roselyn pondered. "Look at this." She took a hand off the wheel and gestured to the map displayed on her phone. "The road is all red up ahead. The Google lady wants us to get off and go around. Here, there's a suggested route." "Out here in the middle of nowhere?" Henry shook his head. "I wouldn't rely on it." "But this isn't Japan. The map knows which roads are actual roads and things." The narrator should probably take this moment to explain that Google maps cannot differentiate between one way roads and highways in Japan. It thinks you can take any of them in any direction. "I know, but these look like dirt roads." "We have four wheel drive, and this is a truck." "If you think it's a good idea," Henry shrugged. "The lady says it will take an hour off the total. What do you guys think?" "Go for it." Morgan shrugged. "Might as well." Asher glanced over his mother's shoulder. "Davy?" "I'm fighting Creepers. Don't bother me!" "Right, off roading it is," Roselyn declared. They took the next exit and followed a road next to the freeway for a while before it turned right and ran through the forest. After several minutes they came to what looked like a campground entrance. "This won't go anywhere," Henry cautioned. "The map says it goes all the way through. It comes out on the other side." Roselyn insisted. The family continued on along the bumpy dirt road until they hit a patch of land devoid of cell service. The map couldn't track their location anymore but the route was still outlined so the CEO made an executive decision and decided to keep going. The road, which at this point was more of a wagon trail than anything else, continued to deteriorate until it could be called a trail, or possibly a goat track. The Narrator confesses that, strictly speaking, "goat track" is a bit in an under exaggeration. The road was still wide enough for the truck to pass under the branches of the trees without undue damage. Perhaps the word lane would be better suited to the true nature of the road. It was covered with grass and there were sad little patches of snow in the naturally shaded areas. The sun had gone down before the Hunters had left the freeway and the stars were shining brightly in the clear heavens. The lane continued to twist and turn, and Henry glanced at the gas needle. With a shocked start, he announced, "The tank's empty." "What?" Roselyn frowned, peering at the gage. "But we just filled up about an hour and a half ago! It can't be empty yet." "We'll see for yourself." "Are we going to die out here?" Davy demanded. "No dear. We'll call 911 if we get stranded." "And how, pray tell, are we supposed to do so when there's still no cellular?" Asher inquired. The adults fell silent, trying to formulate an acceptable answer, when suddenly the vehicle came to a stop. "Great!" Morgan retorted. "We're lost in the middle of the woods, with no gas, no cell service, and no way to call for help." "We're going to starve to death! Or freeze," Davy moaned. "We have plenty food left and the battery still works. We can run the heater." Henry opened his door and jumped out. "I'll get the extra blanks from the back." As soon as he returned with the fluffy woolen comforters, he revealed his plan. "I'm going to head up the road a bit see if it branches off and matches the map. Anyone want to come? Morgan? Asher?" "I'm inclined to stay in the warm interior if you don't mind." "Morgan?" "I've got nothing better to do. My phone's dead anyway. Asher, leave it plugged into the portable while we're gone." "Mm," the nerd made a noncommittal noise as she got out. "Don't go too far. Be back in an hour," Roselyn warned. "Right. How far do you think we can get Mor?" Henry grinned. "Let just go already. I'm freezing." She led the way down the lane, shining a small flashlight at the trees. "Of all the places to get lost in. Why couldn't we have ended up somewhere tropical?" "Because bugs," Henry laughed. "There is that," Morgan conceded. "But still. It's cold!" "Then walk faster." After several minutes of silence Morgan remarked, "Is it just me, or are the trees getting thinner?" "You're right." Henry peered at surrounding trunks, using this phone as a flashlight. "Maybe the road joins the rest of civilization after all." They kept walking until the forest ended and the arrived at the top of a small hill. "Look there!" Henry pointed away to the right. "Are those lights?" "It's a town. Or village or something, but there's people! Maybe we can use their phone to call in some gas. Also find out where the nearest pump is." Henry's tone had turned optimistic. "Or maybe we can do that in the morning after they let us stay the night?" Morgan suggested. "That too. I'm going to go check it out. Can you run back to the truck and bring them over?" "Yeah. It's not that far. I'll scream if I get into trouble." "Good girl. Now off with yeh." He watched as his daughter disappeared back into the forest before descending the hill and making his way to to little village. As he got closer, the details of the place became apparent. The buildings were made of unpolished wood and had thatched roofs. Surrounding the little outpost was a log wall with a solid looking gate. It was closed and locked but a lantern was burning on either side, providing enough illumination to turn of his flashlight. Henry took a hesitant breath before working up the courage to knock. After several tense moments, a latch was undone and a panel slid back to reveal the tired face of the gate keeper. "What do you want?" He growled grumpily. "Well, for starters, I'd like to know the name of this place," Henry confessed. "My family and I ran out of gas on the road over there and we were wondering if we could use your phone. Also to come in, maybe?" "What the devil are you talking about? What's a phone? And I don't see no family of yours," the gatekeeper's eyes narrowed in distrust. "You one of them South Men?" "Um no. I'm not from the South. They're just on their way over. Give them a few minute to get here. What was this town called?" "Bree." "Right. It wasn't on the map, but