Author's Notes: You can thank San Andreas and Dwayne Johnson for this. I went to see San Andreas shortly after posting the final chapter of Champions: First Strike , with the sole intention of enjoying the movie (I have a weakness for disaster movies … not just the mayhem and general destruction, but the idea of rising like a phoenix from the ashes). Much to my astonishment, I received inspiration in the form of Archie Panjabi, who plays television reporter Serena in the movie … years after first introducing her, I finally had my mental image of Campbell business owner Parminder 'Mindy' Goyal Rossetti. A widow who opened Mindy's Morsels, a bakery café that showcased the pottery and art work of local artists, Mindy will also be Kili's lady once the Durins and Company arrive. I'm also seriously thinking about pairing her twin sister Devani with the reincarnation of Dwalin … Devani is 'played' by the incredible Indira Varma. Once Mindy was identified, I also had Boromir's courtship of Megan falling into place. It also gave me a jumping off point for Bronwyn and the Starling City survivors to arrive in town. I don't anticipate this story being any more than two or three chapters, and it may or may not end with Boromir and Megan's marriage. That will depend on them. So. Get ready for a funny, serious, romantic, heart-wrenching (I hope, on all four counts) story. Disclaimer: Boromir, Legolas, Haldir, Thorin, Fili and Kili don't belong to me. Dwalin, Balin, Aragorn, Arwen, Bilbo, Sam, Frodo, Denethor and Sauron also don't belong to me (however, their reincarnations do) … they are all the property of JRR Tolkien and his estate. Malcolm Merlyn, Tommy Merlyn, Thea Queen/Merlyn, Oliver Queen, and Felicity Smoak also don't belong to me … they belong to DC Comics and the CW. Everyone else belongs to me, including the town of Campbell itself. Don't mind if you borrow them, just please ask first. Chapter One A Question of Creativity Campbell, North Carolina Four Days after the Starling City attack She was eighteen years old when she joined her twin sister in the States … eighteen years old and so full of dreams. She wanted to fall in love with a wonderful man, she wanted to go to college, she wanted to open her own business. Ten years later, she'd made the most important dream come true. Mindy's Morsels, which was not only open, but making a nice profit. Of course, that entailed sacrifices, but they were worth it. Now, she was receiving the most important review in her life, the opinion of the person who meant the most to her. Parminder Goyal Rossetti took a deep breath before turning to face her older (by twelve minutes) sister. Devani, in the mean time, was still turning slowly in a circle, taking in everything … the décor, the pastries on display, the tables set up, and even the pieces of pottery from local potters. She'd been trying to convince the few blacksmiths in the area to submit some of their pieces as well, but as of yet, she'd not been successful. She'd keep trying, though … that was what she did. She always kept trying, and she never gave up. It took all of her self-control to keep from demanding what Devani thought. Her sister would tell her when she was ready and not a deco-second before. At last, her patience paid off when her older sister turned to face her and inclined her head with a small smile, murmuring, "Good work, little sister. I am impressed." Mindy couldn't help herself, giving a little jump of excitement before rushing into her twin's arms. Devani laughed outright, the first time Mindy heard her sister laugh in entirely too long. More would have been said, but it was then that a ginormous caravan rolled its way down the streets of Campbell. Devani swore under her breath, and Mindy frowned, saying, "That looks like it's stopping here." She cast a quick eye around, to make sure she would have enough. Considering how huge it was … well, she would worry about that when it became necessary. The door to the caravan opened, and Mindy's eyes widened when she saw Carey Rafferty leading several people into her little café. She knew, of course, about Carey Rafferty and her tie to Detective Rafferty … and by now, everyone in town knew that Gavin Rafferty was actually Detective Rafferty's older brother. It seemed that a few of her customers had suspicions, but events during the last month proved that. Mindy generally avoided gossip, but Michael, the really cute amnesiac who Detective Rafferty took in, was courting her and often came into Mindy's Morsels for pastries and cakes. Mindy thought it was sweet and romantic, and helped out the blond man where she could. He admitted that he was 'speed-courting,' and they were planning to be married in the next few weeks. Mindy pointed out to him that they were speed courting and creative courting. That made him laugh and he asked her if she could make things specially. Well, of course she could! He admitted that he'd been doing research about courting rituals on the internet, but dismissed most of them as too impractical (especially arranging for someone to serenade Detective Rafferty outside the police station. He didn't think that her co-workers or Captain Anders would appreciate that too terribly much. Mindy was inclined to agree). And now, here was Michael's soon-to-be sister-in-law. She offered Mindy a tired smile, observing, "Sorry to come in unannounced, Mindy, but I know my little sister won't have enough food, and I wanted to get everyone fed before we descended upon her. I've got four refugees from Starling City in here, in addition to some others, who could use some comfort food." "Of course, bring them in," Mindy said immediately. Of course she knew about the horrific attacks in Starling City … most of what was coming out of the Pacific Northwest didn't make a bit of sense, but she knew that the city was completely destroyed and that the survivors were going to anyone who would take them in. This was the first she heard, though, of people coming this far east. Carey smiled at her wearily, and then … well. That was unexpected. Mindy glanced at her sister, who merely smiled and nodded. Really. She had the best twin in the world. Devani was already in motion as a vaguely familiar redhead guided a young teenage girl, no more than thirteen or fourteen years of age, into the café. "How does a hot cocoa sound, little one?" Devani asked as she helped the redhead steer the girl to a seat. Her head bobbed, and Devani went on, "No, two hot cocoas coming up, and I think I have some spare shoes for you. But that can wait … you look like someone who loves cinnamon rolls, how far off base am I?" The girl offered a weak smile, and the redhead nodded quickly, her arm never leaving the girl's shoulders. Devani touched the youngster's cheek, and then immediately went to prepare the cocoa. With the obviously shaken teen being cared for by her sister, Mindy turned her attention to the other child … another young girl, who looked to be ten or eleven years of age. She was being carried by a young man, who looked as shell-shocked as the teenage girl. Carey Rafferty said softly, guiding the boy to one of the overstuffed recliners Mindy placed at the front of the café, "C'mon, Ollie, you can relax now … you're safe." The boy collapsed numbly into the recliner, and Carey asked, turning her attention to Mindy, "Could you use an extra set of hands? I know it's just you and your sister right now." Ordinarily, Mindy would have said ' no ,' but her instincts told her that just like a cinnamon roll and hot cocoa was what the teenage girl needed, Carey Rafferty needed to help. "Of course … you know the entire party and what they would like. I'll show you where to find things. Are there more men in the party?" Mindy asked, and Carey nodded. Mindy went on, "If they are able, I have some trash that needs to be taken, along with recycling." Her eyes widened as several tall, handsome men entered, and … was that Malcolm Merlyn? Mindy swallowed hard, because she studied the handsome widower who ran Merlyn Global in Starling City while she was creating her business plan. It was! Never mind that now, she had to work to do. But when this was settled, she had a lot of questions to be answered! LOTRLOTRLOTRLOTR Well, this was a definite improvement over his first introduction to the dwarves! Dunstan Holley, once known as Bilbo Baggins, followed the reincarnated (and enhanced) dwarves into the charmingly-named Mindy's Morsels. He closed his eyes as the various smells of the café washed over him … oh, here was a place that a hobbit would love. And Thorin was quietly directing his two (dwarven) nephews to assist the proprietress in whatever way deemed necessary, making himself available as well. Tommy, in the meantime, was watching over Oliver and Thea Queen, even offering to let Thea sit in his lap so Oliver could eat. And Malcolm … true to form, he prowled around the café, checking every exit and window, making sure that the café was secure. Dunstan noticed that the young proprietress was watching him with an odd combination of wariness and hero worship, but she didn't let that get in the way of taking care of her customers. That was good. The Queen children and young Felicity Smoak especially needed the care. Felicity had watched her mother die when the Balrog attacked Starling City, and the Queen siblings saw their parents die right in front of them. And now, their housekeeper and surrogate mother Raisa was growing weaker by the hour. They had met up at the Raleigh-Durham International Airport, where Malcolm had his jet diverted once he received the call from Bronwyn Harris, the lovely ginger who was even now taking care of Felicity. Malcolm's jet remained at the airport, while they joined the Starling City refugees aboard the caravan. During the drive from Raleigh to Campbell, a shell-shocked Oliver Queen briefed them on what happened to his parents, while Bronwyn drove. They knew, of course, about the Balrog attack. But what he had to tell them was their journey across country. Things had been fine for the first few days as they headed up into Canada, to get away from the Balrog. It was while they were heading back south that new attacks took place. Dunstan always heard that there were only seven Balrogs … and really, one was more than enough. However, it turned out that there were actually thousands of them, and they had been sleeping for thirty thousand years, all over the globe. Some were here in North America, others in other parts of the globe, and it appeared Sauron's old minions were waking them up. That was what happened to the Starling City refugees. They'd stopped to buy supplies in West Virginia, and a Balrog awakening caused what felt like an earthquake. Robert Queen was killed in the initial attack, while Moira Queen succumbed to her injuries later that day, and Raisa … it was unlikely that Raisa would last the night. Bilbo had never seen a Balrog, but it was telling to Dunstan that Elves and Dwarves feared them. After hearing Oliver's story, Dunstan could understand why. Poor Felicity couldn't bear for Bronwyn to be out of her sight, and Thea wouldn't leave her brother's side … not that he seemed to mind that. Right now, Tommy Merlyn was looking after both his long-time best friend, and the little sister they shared. Yes … Bronwyn Harris told them that the second to last thing