a/n: Six months! I started this more than sixmonths ago! So, here. A treat to you all. :) Title: Crystal Glass Author: Keithan Disclaimers: Lord of the Rings and its characters belongs to their respective owners. Rating: G-PG / K-K+ Series: One-shot Warnings: probably some angst or drama Summary: "Years from now, we will forget this moment, and all the moments we had before this did not exist." A/L Thanks to: docmon for the beta and Isildwen for the initial read-through. Thank you so much guys! Even though it took so long, here it is. Dedicated to: Milady Hawke. The inspiration to write this came from you and the A/L ficathon you held months ago. You certainly are a big part of the A/L fandom and I thank you for the work you've done to keep the A/L flame alive. hugs Crystal Glass -o-o-o- He looks at their smiling faces, and acknowledges the light of love shining in their eyes. He claps with the rest, but turns his head away, meeting the knowing eyes of a friend. He is comforted as he sees neither pity nor condemnation in those eyes. But he cannot bear to look at those understanding eyes any longer than he can look at the royal couple standing on the dais in the middle of the hall. He looks away. He will talk to the Lorien Elf, but not yet. "Legolas," a voice to his right. "Leave me be, Gimli," he says, already knowing what is coming. He knows his friend only wishes to offer comfort, but comfort he cannot take. "You have to at least…" "What?" he snaps, turning to regard his friend who remains silent in the face of his burning stare. "Leave it to rest, my friend," he states a while later in a much softer tone – a silent apology and assurance to his companion. "All is well," he whispers, just as the crowd begins to cheer their King and Queen. Once again, he joins in the clapping. He spares a glance at the king who catches his gaze among the guests in the great hall. His hands falter. His clap softens. He raises his chin a little and without breaking contact, he repeats softly to himself, "All is well." -o-o-o- Legolas stood behind the row of tall marble pillars at one side of the great hall. Festive melody filled the air, as each person in the orchestra caressed each of their own instruments, bringing to life joyous music that weaved its magic in the hall. Everywhere, he could see the overhead draping hanging from pillar to pillar, its magnificent length enough to cover the hall from the high ceiling to the floor. Great banners also adorned the walls – one with a white horse running on green, another, a silver swan ship on blue. The first was for Rohan and the next for Dol Amroth. Other banners beside them hung proudly side by side – the banners and standards of the lands of the West, free from the terror in the East. He could even see the green banner of his Elvenking. He glanced at the far front of the hall and saw there a single banner, a great standard of the deepest black. Upon it the White Tree of Gondor flowered and glittering about it, even in the brightness of the hall, were Seven Stars. A single high crown shone above them – the banner of the King which no lord had borne for countless of years now hung majestic and proud where all could see. He looked away almost as quickly as he had turned. Legolas turned his attention to his drink instead. The scarlet wine vibrated with soft ripples with every beat of the music and every boisterous cheer from the men. The feast was long done. What were left of the celebration were the dancing and the drinking that would no doubt last all night long. They had every right to, he thought. They had finally achieved true victory after long and painful years of darkness under the constant threat of Mordor. He wanted to celebrate too. With the slightest flick of his wrist, he let the wine twirl inside the crystal glass. He watched its graceful swirl as it caressed the sides of the glass until it calmed once more, with only the constant ripples disturbing its otherwise steady surface. He repeatedly twirled the glass in his hand and watched the swirl of the liquid inside it, careless that he did no more while others enjoyed the festivities or at least until his wineglass became empty. "It is not poisoned," a voice said from beside him. There was a slight waver in his hand and he tightened his fingers around the glass to steady it. He lifted it to his lips in a slow and deliberate movement. "I should hope not," he replied before taking a small sip of wine. He spared the new arrival a glance and he wasn't surprised to see that it was Aragorn standing beside him. The king had already dressed down, having removed the more formal and ceremonial first layers of his clothing for the remainder of the evening. Not even giving the other more than a moment's worth of glance, Legolas turned his eyes to the rest of the hall. "Though I do not know what difference it would make," he said. From the periphery of his vision, he saw Aragorn purse his lips into a tight line. "Did I surprise you?" the man asked instead. Legolas raised a brow at him. "You give yourself too much credit, Man," he said lightly, but his words were tensed. "I heard you long before you stood beside me." He knew, even as he said it, that Aragorn saw through the lie. He met the other's gaze without flinching, challenging the king to contradict him. Glasses clinked in the background, and the introduction piece of the strings in the orchestra started to play. Aragorn sighed before tipping his cup to indicate Legolas' own. "Would you rather I gave you a poisoned one instead?" he asked, not expecting an answer. Legolas laughed and answered anyway. "Again, I do not know what difference it would make, Elessar," he said, before twirling his glass again, this time with more obvious movements as his hand steadily moved in a circular motion. The lights dimmed in the hall, and their place behind the pillars was left hidden in the shadows. The whole orchestra started to play another tune. "Why do you call me so?" Aragorn asked. His voice was soft and was nearly drowned by the lively music. Legolas tilted his head to the side, looking at his companion. Aragorn was frowning at him. He raised his eyebrows in innocent question. "Is it not your name, my lord?" He watched as Aragorn's forehead furrowed more, and the king silently searched his face. He didn't look away. "You are drunk," the man said. Legolas frowned, insulted. He looked down at his half-empty glass in mild disgust. "You think so?" He felt his fingers tighten dangerously around the fragile crystal, and his free hand clenched into a fist. He raised his chin slightly in a sign of defiance. "Perhaps I am," he said, then after a while, he looked away. He focused his eyes on the dancing couples in the middle of the hall, happily waltzing to the music. "Perhaps I wish to be." Both were silent. "Legolas…" Aragorn started, but he was immediately cut off. "I've had stronger," Legolas stated with barely a shrug, waving his hand with his glass slightly just as he waved away the building tension with his careless words. "This is but mere water." When Aragorn seemed to say something again, he interrupted, "What? You will ask me if the feast was delightful? Or if the festivities are to my liking? Spare me the pleasantries, Aragorn. You need it not for me." He turned a cordial smile to Aragorn before walking a few steps to get a better view of the middle of the hall, while remaining partially hidden by the long hangings from the pillars. Aragorn's face fell back into a frown. "I was not going to," he said, walking closer. Legolas shrugged. "I was making sure you were not," he answered back, and both fell silent for a while as they bowed and exchanged appropriate greetings with a passing courtier. He noticed Aragorn gesturing to the sentry at the end of the hall, and he knew then that they were not to be disturbed again any time soon. He was not sure if he was comfortable with the knowledge. Aragorn stepped closer, but Legolas still did not look at him. "Will you not talk to me?" Legolas ignored him. He looked down again at his half-empty glass before throwing his head back to swallow its contents. He could feel the other's gaze burning into him, just as he could feel the burning sensation of the wine in his throat. But just as he had ignored everything else in the festivities so far, he ignored that as well. Somewhere nearby, the sounds of heartfelt laughter drifted to them. He swept his eyes toward the young lords, and perhaps soldiers, readily leaving their table to join in the dancing. He wondered where Gimli was. "Have you seen Gimli?" he asked. He had not seen the Dwarf since the feast. "He was out in the foyer last I saw him." Aragorn nodded his head in the direction. "He told me where to find you." Legolas frowned slightly. "Conniving Dwarf," he only said. "I needed to talk to you," the man replied in defense of the absent Gimli. "I'm sure you do," and at this, Legolas turned his eyes to meet Aragorn's. "About what exactly?" Aragorn was caught off guard at the sudden turn to topic, when all Legolas had done since the man approached was to avoid it. For a moment, he merely looked in surprise and searched the sincerity in Legolas' face. Legolas inwardly smiled, feeling triumphant from the lack of response, and before the man could find his words again, he said, "I thought so." At that moment, the music took on a livelier beat. A loud cheer from the guests greeted it and soon after, the sound of clapping followed. He turned his back to Aragorn, not giving him a chance to react. The people in the middle of the hall started what he surmised to be a traditional Gondorian dance. He closed his eyes briefly, trying to lose himself in the swell of the music. "Legolas." He ignored it, and he opened his eyes to the sight of dancing once more. He watched the dance curiously, as the men shouted, "Hey!" and the women, their gowns swishing gracefully with every move, clicked their shoes in time with the beat. He caressed his thumb over the smooth glass crystal idly, and marveled at the almost robust and vigorous, yet somehow light and graceful way of the dance. He remembered in the back of his mind the celebrations in the great halls of his father in Mirkwood as though it was a lifetime ago. "Why are you doing this?" Legolas' free hand clenched and caught the flowing fabric of his sleeves. Mild irritation began to show in his face. "Was there anything you wanted?" he asked, looking sideways at Aragorn. The king sighed. "I wish you'd talk to me," he said. "I wish you'd leave me alone," Legolas answered back, looking at the dance again. "If you really mean that…" Aragorn trailed off. Legolas let out a loud, frustrated sigh. He lifted his glass before remembering it was already empty. He set it on the window sill behind him. Turning fully to face his companion for the first time, he saw the other's wine goblet and he reached out to take it for himself. Aragorn watched him as he brought it up to his lips,