The day when my fifth year came to a close was the happiest day of my life. The O. were finished and my boyfriend and I were celebrating our one year strong. Well, more the O. were over but I was happy out the strength of Zachary and me's relationship. "So, I'll write you later this summer. so we can hang." He smirked. "Zachary! Elizabeth! Over here!" A voice called from the station "C'mon asshole…" Elizabeth grabbed his collar. "Bye Zach," I hugged him a bit awkwardly. "Bye Moon" He smiled, freeing himself from the hug. I rolled my eyes and waved him off. "Artie!" My parents waved. I winced at my nickname. There was one family member I was pumped to see, my little brother Liam. He would be starting next year. "Over here!" Liam's voice yelled "Liam!" I called back and rushed up to hug my little brother. "Hello, Mum and Dad." I turned to them next. "Where's your brother?" Mum looked around. "I am sure Barry is fine," I grunted. "Right here Mum." Barry walked confidently towards us, his gold and scarlet tie secured tightly around his neck unlike my disheveled mess of a uniform. I didn't like the tight ties, I avoided them. "Barry!" My Mum rushed to hug him along with my Dad. Liam stayed back with me. Perfect Gryffindor Barry, the jewel of the family. I was a Slytherin and not nearly the charmer that my brother was. Captain of the Quidditch team and Prefect/ Head Boy what an amazing son. "Let's head home." Dad smiled and we apperated at once. I felt a bit sick and I decided that my room was where I wanted to be. I was going to write to Lauren my dear friend who was moving to America. All in all, I wanted to be back in school. ….. When Liam, Barry and I first came back to Hogwarts, well Liam was starting, it was pouring rain my favorite weather. I came in and sat at my table the Slytherins. My family. We had such a bad rep, Slytherins were actually pretty chill. I took a seat near the edge to catch a look at my little brother as he was sorted. I wished he would join me in Slytherin but I knew he and I were different. "Hey Moon," I heard the smooth voice of my boyfriend Zach. "Zach." I spun to see him smirking at me. He and I had written all summer and we had gone on a few dates, slept together a few times. "Nice to see you," He smiled. "Same to you," I nodded. "Hope your summer was chill." He nodded brushing his hair from his face. "Well, you met with me over it so you should know it was uneventful." I shrugged. "Sorry, you know my summer was annoying I hate family bonding times." He winced. "It's okay, I won't make you bond with me." I chuckled. "Oh thank God." He laughed. "Yeah, at least I get to escape your sister during the summer." I chuckled. "Don't remind me we're related." He rolled his eyes. "Haha," I laughed and waved to Liam in line, he beamed at me. "Your other sibling?" He asked "Yeah, he is in the first year. He is going to be sorted soon" I wrung my hands nervously. 'Not Gryffindor, please anything but Gryffindor' I thought "Well, hopefully, he'll be with us cool kids in Slytherin." He smiled and kissed the top of my neck near my jaw. "Yeah," I sighed "He probably won't be." "Alright let's watch," He smirked grasping my hand. I watched my brother move up the line. "Ablin, Thomas" A boy walked up to the hat. "Slytherin!" Zach let out a whoop. I rolled my eyes and slowly clapped. "Can't show some house pride Moon?" He smiled "I am proud of my house but I refuse to act like those assholes in Gryffindor." I turned up my nose at them "My sister has a theory that that's the way you get in." "But she's full of crap anyway" I smiled "Right you are…" he kissed me again. I pushed him back. "My brother is up," I watched. "Liam Donnelly" He stepped forward. The hat sat perched on his head. 'Not Gryffindor.'I prayed "Hufflepuff !" It announced. The happy house cheered and I let out a deep sigh, thank the Lord he was not a Gryffindor. "That sucks, your brother is in the loser house." Zach laughed. "The Hufflepuffs are perfectly fine, get a grip Zach," I grunted and watched my brother walk over to the Hufflepuff table. "Sorry, it is the truth." He said "Zach, my brother is a Hufflepuff. I like the Hufflepuffs they are nice." I snapped "At least they're better than Gryffindor.." He shrugged as the rest of the first years came up. "Hey, don't you have a younger sister? When's she coming to Hogwarts!" I tried to make conversation as the food appeared. "Um well… She's gotten kind of ill recently. We might have to homeschool her till she gets better." His eyes glanced downward. "Oh, I see. I hope she gets better soon." I smiled at him. "Yeah, me too." He shrugged. I kissed his cheek. "Art! These Mashed Potatoes are delicious! A third year sitting across the table stuffed his mouth full."I laughed Oh puberty you glorious bastard "Yep," I acknowledged "I do love mashed potatoes." I laughed at him. "Yum." He smiled back at me. His name is Henry and he and I were friends. "Hey babe," Zach beckoned to me. "Yes?" I asked. "Everyone the feast is over please head to your dormitories." The headmaster boomed. We stood up and left. Zach grasped my hand but I had to tell Liam goodnight. I rushed over to him. "Liam!" I said. My brother stopped "Art, I have to go…" He said sadly. "I know, I know, I just wanted to say good night and do not be nervous you will have so much fun. I will come visit soon." I ruffled his hair. "Night," He hugged me and I left him with a wave. All the houses split their separate ways as I saw the gaggle of Ravenclaw girls headed up to the tower lead by the mythic bitch herself, Elizabeth Rosier. I walked past them and made my way to Zach. "Hey," He smirked. "Hey," We walked back to our dorms. "So I'll see you tomorrow at breakfast.." he eyed me waiting for me to invite him into my bed, well give him the ok for sex. "Unless you want to stay up? " I raised an eyebrow. He perked up. "You know me, Moon, I am a night owl." He smirked with a face that looked like he was holding back a snicker. "Alright then you can come with me, I am going to check on my owl," I winked at him and walked away toward the owlery. My owl was a great horned owl by the name of Maeve. She was a gift when I turned thirteen, I got the right to my very own owl. I had named her after my favorite Irish legend, the legend of Queen Maeve. I loved her very much and we had a kind of loyalty between us that is almost impossible to get between people. So after I went to make sure that my owl was safe. "I didn't know you were serious…" he rubbed the back of his neck. "Of course I was being serious, I have to take care of my owl," I smirked before kissing him. "Always the responsible one aren't you." He grabbed my waist pulling me towards the wall. "Always," I smirked. "Never change Moon…" He bit my ear. "I promise." I leaned into his warm chest. His lips exploded against mine as the owlery blurred away. Zachary was all I needed right now, Zachary was my world. The moonlight shined on us through the window as we snogged. Soon Zachary and I decided that we couldn't risk getting caught by the night patrol so we scurried back to our rooms and I kissed him goodnight. "Artie? Where were you?" My roommate moaned. "I was in the Owlery…" I collapsed in my bed. The announcement of breakfast was entirely too early. I groaned as I got out of bed. "What's your first class Art?" Samantha, my roommate, asked as she tied her tie "Advanced Transfiguration 6," I sighed "I got Divination…" She sighed. "I see, well I have been on time because Professor McGonagall is my teacher so great." I pulled my sweater vest over my head. "Haha, suckers I got a free period!" Jane smirked. "Let's head to the hall for breakfast." Amanda rolled her eyes at our antics. "I agree," We all walked down to the great hall We headed to our table at the far left side, of the hall. I sat down facing inward so that maybe I could see Liam. I was worried for my little brother. The table next to us was the Ravenclaws, with some of them blocking my view of Liam. "What are you staring at?" Elizabeth snapped at me. "Sorry, My brother is in Hufflepuff just over your heads," I said "So you're stalking him?" She raised an eyebrow as the girls snickered "Oh no, He is the first year and I only want to make sure he is okay." I looked over her shoulder. "Sure…" she rolled her eyes "Don't any of you have siblings that you care about?" I grunted "Unfortunately my only sibling here is the human embodiment of Crap." Elizabeth smirked, "but you would know that, spending all that time in the owlery with him after hours…" "Yes and however you found that out is amazing, but I happen to like Zach," I turned up my nose. "Well, we'll see how long that lasts." She smiled and her troop got up in unison heading to their classes. I honestly think that Eliza hated me partially because I liked Zach. I decided to head to my class so I'd be the first one there or at least on time. I rushed with my books, excited to see Professor McGonagall. "Hey, moon…" Elizabeth smirked already in her seat "Hi,"I smiled bitterly. Take the higher ground. I got a grand total of 10 fights last year, I won all of them. I didn't want to fight with Elizabeth, she was the sister of my boyfriend. "So glad the two of you are here, We're going to do a year long project and since you're the second one here I'll just pair you two up. "Alright," I nodded. "But she is a Slytherin!" was all Elizabeth sputtered "She is sleeping with my brother…" I flushed quickly "Miss Rosier, you will be partnering with Miss Donnelly. No matter her house or her relationship to your twin brother she will be your partner." Professor McGonagall snapped in her poised manner, "and if you feel that strongly about this arrangement we can change your schedule so that you will not take the same transfiguration class; however, I would advise against it as there is only 1 advanced class." "Yes, Ma'am," Elizabeth grumbled. Elizabeth sat quietly at her seat till the rest of the class arrived and was paired up. I moved over to her. "Look Elizabeth, I know you and your brother aren't on good terms; however I know you care about your grade so please work with me. I don't see why we can't at least be cordial." I said lightly. "Sure whatever," She grunted. We didn't speak for the rest of class. Like I said earlier I don't hate Elizabeth, she hates me. Anyway, after that class I had Advanced Defense Against the Arts 6, that was an easy class, then Advanced Charms 6 then Lunch, After Lunch though I had Advanced Potions 7, and then finally Advanced Magical Creatures 7. The rest of my