A/N: Alright! So this is the Fleurmione story that I have been brain storming for a while and finally got written down to share. Just so everyone knows, this story will be told from Fleur's point of view as she participates in the Triwizard Tournament. Now before everyone runs away thinking this is just another fluff fic following the canon events of Rowling's wonderful series, i will let you all know that while this story mostly follows canon, there is one major difference that will result in many things being different from the original story but with the same ultimate outcome (with the exception of the Fleurmione pairing of course). Oh and another note. Since this story is told in Fleur's perspective, anything said in French will be written in English since Fleur understands French as well as English. Any other language in the story will be written in as a bunch of noise since Fleur wouldn't understand what was being said. This is done mostly so I don't have to attempt to write in a language i know nothing about and avoid insulting people who do speak these other languages. Make sense? Anyways, Enjoy the first chapter! Firemage )0( Hogwarts, honestly, was not impressing Fleur in the slightest. Maybe is was the dreary and frigid weather, so unlike France's warm and docile weather. Maybe is was the ancient looking castle, nothing like Beauxbatons charming chateau. Or maybe it was the fact that apparently Hogwarts liked to foster a segregated mentality by splitting its students into houses and pitted them against each other at any chance they could. Whatever the reason, Fluer did not like anything about Hogwarts despite having only been on it's grounds for less than an hour. The only thing that Fluer did like about Hogwarts was it's enchanted ceiling in the great hall. It was charmed masterfully to mimic the night sky, which while currently cloudy was beautiful in the moonlight. Tearing her eyes from the silver clouds Fluer sat with the rest of her class at a blue themed table and allowed her classmates to fill in around her, partially shielding her from the drooling boys and jealous girls of Hogwarts. It was a pain being a Veela sometimes, especially a quarter blood like her. Her Veela blood was strong enough that it manifested as a thrall and affected everyone around her like other Veela, but unlike them she had no control over the magical aura that had surrounded her since she had started puberty. So knowing this, Madam Maxime had ordered the others of their visiting group to keep Fluer close and away from the little boys who would be overly excited by her thrall. Not everyone was thrilled with the order of course but they complied anyway. Hearing the doors of the great hall slam open again, Fluer huffed and ignored the marching Drumstrang students as they performed their own entrance piece before taking their place at the green themed table. Hearing many disappointed whines from some of the Hogwarts students, Fluer rolled her eyes and waited for the hall to quiet again so the feast could begin. After all no one had eaten in her group since they had left France earlier that day, the ride from Beaubatons to Hogwarts being too bumpy to enjoy a meal while everyone's stomachs were also too knotted in nerves with the upcoming tournament. Don't get her wrong, the carriage was beautiful and sent a powerful message to the other schools on Beauxbatons power and capabilities but it was not the smoothest of rides. It rocked in the changing air currents and one could always hear the flowing of wind around them, a mighty roar that drowned out most conversations kept at normal vocal levels. And that had probably been the worst part of the trip, the constant noise that filled in everyone's nervous silence. Noise that Fluer could still hear, even as she sat in Hogwarts Great Hall. The low roar of wind rushing past a large object. "What is that noise?" she heard one of her classmates ask in French before looking up "What noise?" she asked in her mother language as she noticed several people, Hogwarts staff even, beginning to look around to try and find the source of the sound in the hall. "That low whistle sound." the girl supplied as she looked for the source of the sound Fluer had been hearing rather than imagining. Listening closely, Fluer tried to locate the source of the sound and was soon joined by the rest of the hall in a collective gasp when they all noticed two large fireballs, one green and one gold, streaking across the enchanted sky. Knowing the infernos had to be magical do to their coloring, Fluer went to ignore them as they were obviously fake. The ministry wouldn't allow two random and unnatural fire balls to just go streaking across the sky for muggles to see after all when suddenly the fireballs changed direction and were heading straight towards the great hall. As many students began to rise in their seats, the inferno getting closer, Fluer told herself that the fireballs weren't really there and that they were just part of the enchanted ceiling and said so to her fellow classmates. They seemed to accept what she was saying, as she was the number one charms student Beauxbaton's had seen in a few generations. But when they did not slow or disappear, Fluer began to panic as well and was quick to jump to her feet and draw her wand. She was going to send a blast of magic at the ceiling that should clear it up but froze when she noticed Dumbledore wave his hand to open a hatch in the ceiling just above the teacher's table. Suddenly the two fireballs were actually in the great hall and everyone gave a scream of fright as the flames began to dance around the hall. But there was no heat in the flames which quickly took the forms of two brilliant dragons, one emerald and one gold. The dragons of fire gave a mighty roar as their form was completed before they took off down the halls side walls towards the entrance. Coming to a convergence point, Fluer was positive the two dragons were going to collide together when she saw a group of people materialized from each of the flames, dropping down from it's center. Skidding to a stop just center of the hall's entrance, the group slowly collected themselves as the two dragons dissolved into two shrouds of green and gold light; crashing together gently and swirling together until they faded away entirely. The whole hall froze for a moment, confused as to what had happened and who it was that had made such a flashy entrance. And as Fluer's brow knotted together in mild annoyance she saw a Hogwarts student at her table turn to her classmates. "The D.A. class. Figures." the girl growled lowly, as the other students around her openly sneered at the small group. Distaste clearing shining in their eyes, peeking Fluer's interest almost instantly. Why were fellow Hogwarts students react so negatively to this group? Weren't they all classmates? Curious as to what about the group had made just about every Hogwarts student tense with displeasure, Fluer took it upon herself to regard each newly arrived member closely. Most noticeably of the group was a very tall man, not quite as tall as Madam Maxime but taller than any normal man anyday. With thick corded muscles and a large physique the man at a glance was the living image of masculinity with his well fitted black pants, boots, sash, and loose brown tunic shirt bearing the seal of Hogwarts on its back. His hair was black, long, and wild; obviously wind whipped from his entrance; while his beard was no better if not for two thin braids that ended with colored beads at his jaw below the corners of his mouth. But a closer look revealed warm eyes and an apologetic smile as the man hastily marched up the center of the hall towards the teachers table, a small group of five students behind him. "Sorry fer bein' late professor. 'fraid I lost track of time and kept me class out too late." the man explained as Fluer sat back down and scanned the small group behind him. The eldest two marched just behind the giant man and looked to be in her year, both wearing a similar outfit to the man but the girl's in a green shade and the boy's in a yellow shade. The girl was a pretty thing of average height but had a stocky build. Her skin was a slight olive tone and had no blemishes on it from what Fluer could see. She might have been pretty to look at if her eyes weren't as hard the emeralds they replicated. Or if the serious fire lighting them at their deepest depths didn't betray an extremely stubborn soul and rigid morality. while her face was softened however by gently waving black hair that fell in cascades at her back, the girl's quick and methodical steps reminded Fluer more of a soldier then anything. Nothing at all like the boy walking besides her. The boy in yellow looked like he could be the girls bother. He was a little taller than her but had a thin build to her stocky one. Their skin tone, eyes, and hair were all the same color but he was softened considerably by the short curls atop his head, a playful smile on his lips, the mischievous glint in his eye, and the spring in his step. That was not to say however that he seemed less imposing than his supposed sister, for while Fluer felt no magical aura around the girl she felt a large magical aura around him from her seat. Obviously the two were quite the pair. Which made the trio following them a little disappointing to Fluer. The trio was two boys and a girl who looked to be a few years younger than fluer, maybe fourteen or fifteen. They were dressed the same as the rest of their group but in a maroon red. They came up the center of the hall in a triangle formation, the small and pale boy with longer wild black hair and glasses in the lead. Fluer noticed how the boy seemed to curl into himself and his little entourage as if he hated the attention he was receiving but did not move away from his place as their leader. He looked sickly thin and Fluer was reminded of a small lost puppy who hadn't lost hope in it's dismal existence yet. Just to his left was a taller redhead with a frame a little too big for his wiry muscles. The boy would probably be quite handsome when he finished filling out his frame but for now he looked like a bean sprout. Pale freckled skin framed his face and dancing blue-green eyes. He didn't have a spring in his step but he didn't march quite like the rest of the group either. He simply strolled up the hall with his hands in his pockets and a cocky smirk on his face. To his right, marched the only other girl in the group. Fluer noted how compared to the others, this girl had the smallest frame of them all and little muscle. The girl took twice as many steps as the others to keep up but she didn't seem winded at all and kept a focused gaze trained ahead of her. She had smooth skin with bushy mousy hair that was tied back into a loose pony tail and intelligent hazel eyes. Eyes that reminded Fluer of an old soul. "It's quite alright Professor Hagrid. After all, the task I assigned you and your class is not a meager one. Please join