I was killed by a blue-eyed, blond-haired boy. While reforming was painful, getting back to the mortal world was worse. I was attacked, by claws, by teeth, even by voices. I learned how to defend myself, using a large shard of glass from the banks of the Phlegethon. Strangely, after all the fighting I did, I didn't feel particularly violent or bloodthirsty. When I finally reached the mortal world I sought out a quiet and peaceful life. I didn't get it. When I met him, he was being bullied. I had to admire him; he was outnumbered four to one but was still defiant, refusing to cower before them. I watched as he was repeatedly beaten down to the ground, but always struggled to stand up again. He must have been only eight or nine, a scrawny little kid. I felt sorry for him and stepped in. Although I was young, I was pretty intimidating. The bullies took one look at me and fled. The boy looked up at me distrustfully. "Who are you?" "I'm Argo," I replied. "Who are you?" "The boy looked up, not noticing that I only had one eye, the expression on his face relaxing a bit as he replied "My name is Percy Jackson." When Percy was twelve, he disappeared. He had told me the day he would be back, and I had even seen him go into his apartment building. A week or so passed and he did not appear. Then one day I saw the newspaper. Percy was on the front page, holding a bronze sword. I understood why. The clues had been piling up over the years we had become friends. I had just been foolish enough to ignore them. Percy's full name was Perseus, a Greek hero, a son of Zeus. Percy's father had gone missing, but Percy's mother had never accepted that he was dead saying he had been lost at sea. Percy had dyslexia and ADHD. Percy had been pretty much been kicked out of all the schools he had gone to. But one thing didn't fit. Percy had always smelled human, almost repulsively so. Then I remembered Smelly Gabe, Percy's stepfather who he had always said smelled like "moldy garlic pizza wrapped in gym shorts". He could have been concealing Percy's scent all those years. Even if he was a demigod, even if he was going to be trained to kill me, Percy was still my first and only friend. I decided to look for him, tell him what I was. I had heard rumors of monsters and neglected demigods joining a reforming Kronos. He's gathering an army, monsters whispered. I decided to join him. I knew that Percy wasn't too happy with his father. Perhaps I could find him there. After fruitlessly searching, I knew I wouldn't find him there. I made friends. There were other Cyclopes beside me, and I befriended them. Together, we went on missions and we became close. I focused on improving my skill with a sword. I managed to obtain one from Troy, who was a master crafts-cyclops, and spent all the free time I had practicing it. I got many strange looks from the monsters and demigods alike. A demigod named Luke taught me how to improve my sword skills. He had grudgingly admitted that I had potential, but he always spoke to me with distaste. I wondered if he had remembered meeting me, and then killing me. Luke was smart, I had to give him that. And unlike most of my kind, I valued cleverness, not only strength. He found a way right into the heart of the demigods' camp. The army rushed out, only to find the demigods were expecting us. I first experienced the feeling of loss when Troy, one of my best friends died, saving me from a being stabbed in the back. When I noticed his corpse slowly dissolving into golden dust, and what he had done for me was made clear, I snapped. I charged, yelling, toward the black haired boy who had just pulled his sword out of Troy's body. He parried my blow, and I realized he was a pretty good fighter. We knew the same tricks and each had our own advantages. I was stronger, and he was faster. But I had anger and a thirst for vengeance fueling me, and I disarmed him. I held a my sword to his throat and as I pushed him down to the ground. I studied his face. There was something familiar about it. He mumbled, "If you're going to kill me, can you just get on with it?" That voice! I hadn't heard it for about two years, but I immediately recognized it. I took a closer look at the teen's green eyes and familiar face. It was Percy. I stepped back, my mind reeling, the sound of my sword falling covered by the clangs of sword on sword on shield around me. Percy seemed stunned that I had just let him go. Then he whipped out his sword, didn't I just disarm him? and stabbed me in the gut. I felt myself dissolving, turning to dust. The feeling of cold bronze in my stomach was nothing compared the the pain in my heart. My best friend had killed me. Even if he hadn't known who I was. The betrayal hurt, causing me to feel like I was slowly burning to ashes, or at least what I thought burning to ashes would feel like. I curse you, Percy to feel the pain I'm experiencing: to feel the agony of betrayal, to feel the pain of being stabbed in the gut, and the feeling of dissolving into dust, I cursed, as I began my journey to Tartarus. In my anger, I also swore an oath, You will regret this, Percy. I swear it on the River Styx. Just before I blacked out, I heard the distant rumble of thunder and knew my mental oath had been accepted. I reformed near the banks of the Phlegethon. As I burst from the reddish membrane I had been enclosed in, I spotted a dagger on the ground. I picked it up, studying it closely. It was definitely celestial bronze. That meant it must had been dropped by a demigod. Celestial bronze daggers didn't appear randomly in Tartarus. I took it, and began walking, a strong urge to reach the heart of Tartarus. Later on, I spotted a blue car, another rare sight in Tartarus. The journey was tedious. The dagger was useful in killing monsters, and as I walked, I began to regret my words. As I replayed what happened, I wondered killing me was Percy's instinctive reaction. Maybe he hadn't actually meant it. Maybe he hadn't actually changed. I hoped he would never enter Tartarus, my curse would be awful on him. On that thought, I wondered what had happened after my death. Had the Olympians won? Was Percy still alive? Did he even remember me? When I finally reached the heart of Tartarus, the pull stopped and I gasped at the sight. A black and silver paneled elevator door stood, chained down to the ground, and guarded by two beings I guessed were Titans. Instinctively, I knew they were the Doors of Death. There were masses of monsters, hellhounds, empousai, dracaena, Cyclopes, and more. As I inched closer to the Doors, I saw black lightning flash into the sky. The chains shook, and the Titans planted their feet on the hooks to keep them secure. The Doors slid open, revealing the gilded interior of an elevator car. I heard a Titan call out, "Group A-22! Hurry up, you sluggards!" A dozen Cyclopes rushed forward, waving little red tickets and shouting excitedly. They shouldn't have been able to fit inside those human-sized doors, but as the Cyclopes got close, their bodies distorted and shrank, the Doors of Death sucking them inside. The other Titan jabbed his thumb against the up button on the elevator's right side. The Doors slid closed. The frame shuddered again. The dark lightning faded. Then I saw another Titan, dressed in a janitor's outfit talking to a cat on his shoulder. I noticed two corpses around him, one looking very familiar. Percy and a blonde girl were next to Bob, but they looked dead. Were they dead? No one else seemed to have noticed anything. There was only one way to find out. I strode up to them, overhearing the girl say, "Then we cut the chains." I realized they must have been planning to close the Doors of Death. I wanted to know why. I heard Percy reply, "Our camouflage," he said. "Will it disappear if we do something aggressive, like cutting the chains?" I decided it was time to interrupt. "Hi Percy, why are you planning to close the Doors?" Percy whipped around, his sword out, his face alight with surprise and confusion. "You said that only friends could see us!" He accused the Titan. "Well, technically, I am a friend. Or at least I don't mean you any harm," I told him. "And before you recognize me, I'd like to say I'm sorry for cursing you. It wasn't entirely your fault. Also, what happened after I died? Who won? Why are you here in Tartarus anyway? I'm pretty sure you're a demigod, not a monster. And who's the girl?" Percy looked a bit taken aback by my questions. Then the girl cut in, "Where did you find that?!" She cried, pointing at the dagger I still held loosely by my side. "I don't even know your name yet. Why should I tell you? Is it yours?" As soon as I said that, I realized it was a stupid question. What were the chances that another demigod was wandering around in Tartarus? "My name is Annabeth, the Titan is Bob, and that dagger is mine. Now whe-" She began, but was interrupted by Percy. "I know you!" He accused me, looking angry, "You cursed me! Do you know how much that hurt?!" "Uh, yeah, I cursed you. I already apologized for it though. And of course I know how much that hurt, I was experiencing it while you killed me. After I spared you, as I might add." I replied. "That was you?!" Percy looked even more stunned. "But why... never mind. Fine, let's say I accept your apology. What can you do to help us? Also, you know both of our names, but we don't know yours." "You can call me Troy," I told him, using the name of my dead friend. "Is that your real name?" "No. Now can one of you tell me what has gone on after I died?" Percy and Annabeth took turns briefing me on what had happened: the outcome of the war, about the new prophecy, the discovery of another camp, and how they had fallen into Tartarus. "So... we go and cut the chains and hope nothing bad happens while we get in and leave Tartarus?" I summarized. "Yes, basically," Annabeth replied. "Okay, one last question," I turned to Percy, "How did you get your sword back? I disarmed you!" "Riptide is enchanted to always come back to me," he answered, looking proud. "Ah, okay. So what are we waiting for? Let's close the Doors!" "Yes, fine," Bob, who had been silent the entire time, said. "But that is not the problem. Once you are inside the Doors, someone must stay outside to push the button and defend it." "Uh...defend the button?" Percy questioned. Bob nodded, scratching his kitten under the chin. "Someone must keep pressing the UP button for twelve minutes, or the journey will not finish." I glanced at the Doors. Sure enough, Krios still had his thumb jammed on the UP button. Twelve minutes... Somehow, we would have to get the Titans away from those doors. Then Bob, Percy, Annabeth, or I would have to keep that button pushed for