A/N: This belongs to my SoY (Songs Of Yesterday) verse. You might want too read that first. At least the first two chapters. This takes place during chapter two! 1 - If the dragon had eaten you I wouldn't be wearing a stupid helmet (you try looking dignified in a helmet ) Pine fresh. Pine fresh . What a stupid password , Draco thought. He walked toward the statue of Boris the Bewildered. There was a door supposed to be next to it. Should he just talk to the door ? " Pine fresh, " he whispered, feeling sort of foolish. But no one else was around, as far as he knew. Just to be sure, he held one ear to the door and listened. Nothing. With a smirk Draco opened the now unlocked door and walked into the bath room. There really was no one in here. Perhaps, he was too early? There wasn't exactly a place to hide, so he decided to wait outside for the moment. After all, he hadn't come here to see naked people. But then, why had he come here? Because of Potter, his mind supplied. It was a thought that crossed Draco's mind far too often lately. Why did you come here? Because of Potter. Why did you follow the golden trio and ended up late to Charms? Because of Potter. Why does the thought of Potter being eaten by a dragon frighten you? Because… of weird feelings that ultimately go back to Potter, because that goody-good Gryffindor always has to make life complicated for me ! And it definitely wasn't the other way around. As soon as he was back in the hallway, he looked around for a hiding place. There was a suit of armour around the corner. He could hide inside it… if he wasn't a Malfoy. A Malfoy certainly didn't hide inside a suit of armour! Maybe he could hide behind the armour and… put on the helmet, so his shiny, blond hair wasn't visible? Draco's hair really was shiny and there were plenty people who were envious of its glowing glory. He smirked. It would probably glow even more in the darkness... lit up only by the torches. The rest of him would be hidden well under his dark, bottle green cloak. Just as he was putting the helmet on, he heard soft foot steps drawing nearer. They got louder and louder and Draco swore they passed him, but… there was no one to be seen! For a second Draco thought, he was hearing things. Then he remembered, how he had seen Potter's head floating in the air in Hogsmeade last year. It had to be an Invisibility Cloak of some kind. Father had told him once, that these cloaks were extremely rare. So of course the golden girl had to be owning one. A door was opening slowly. Draco lifted the visor of his helmet and peeked around the corner. All he saw was the door closing again. There was nothing left to do but wait now. He wasn't going to follow Potter into the bath room! He was not a crazy pervert! The thought alone made Draco's face heat up. From embarrassment, of course. He unlike a certain sixth year Hufflepuff was honourable and most importantly he had standards. As soon as the Hufflepuff came into sight, Draco would- Yeah, what was he going to do again? He hadn't thought that far. He'd simply eavesdropped on Potter's and Diggory's conversation and decided to… crash this? Whatever this was? Somehow? Suddenly Draco heard someone screaming. A chill went down his back. That had been Potter's voice! "Somebody in here?" There was a pause, then, "I'm taking off my clothes now!" What the hell was going on in there? Draco was just about to storm into the bath room and curse who ever was in there with Potter inspiring her to say these ridiculous things. He stopped himself in the last moment though. There couldn't be anyone in there with Potter. He had checked earlier and there hadn't been anyone else since then. Besides, the stupid Gryffindor had probably only checked, if she was alone in the room. It was silent for a moment. Was Potter really taking her clothes off? Nobody would know if he had a little peek… Slowly, his hand wandered to the doorknob… But, no. He couldn't do it. The sheer thought was beneath him! He wouldn't sink this low. Not even because of Potter. No, especially not because of Potter. He might be a teenage boy, but he wasn't desperate. Draco focused on the noises behind the door again. He didn't know how long he was standing there, listening to the silence around him. The darkness made it hard not to fall asleep. After a little while he heard Potter's voice again. Myrtle? Who was Myrtle? Was there another person inside? Draco had to press his ear harder to the door, so that he could understand what was said. Myrtle had to be a girl. At least she sounded like a girl. A really whiny and silly girl, from what he heard. And why on earth did she make these howling noises? Assuming it was her who made these noises. It definitely didn't sound like Potter. The whiny girl kept babbling on and on about Cedric Diggory and how dreamy he was. Draco yawned. At least it didn't seem like Diggory was in there with them. Diggory, Diggory, egg, egg – wait, did they say egg? They had to be talking about the Golden Egg, right? Draco frowned. Diggory had thrown the egg in the water? There was a splash then. And after that… silence. Just as Draco was beginning to feel anxious, thinking the foolish Gryffindor had managed to drown herself, when there was another splash. There were a few more splashes after that. And then… voices again. They were talking about the Second Task now. Had Potter finally found out how the Golden Egg worked? Had she thrown it into the water as well? That explained the splashing at least. Apparently the Second Task included staying underwater for a whole hour! What kind of lunatic had come up with these blasted tasks? Dragons, drowning. What was next, wrestling with giants? The voices were really hard to understand now. Perhaps he should take of the helmet? He decided against it, because then he would have to put it on and later on take it off again. Way too much of a bother. But from what Draco did hear, it sounded like Potter was getting ready to leave now. Damn, he had to get back to his armour quickly. He disappeared around the corner and hid behind the armour. For several minutes nothing happened. Maybe I should check, if she's still there. I couldn't have missed her, could I?, Draco thought. Just as the blond walked around the corner, he saw the door opening again. Hastily he turned back around, hurrying around the corner. Through the cover of his helmet, he chanced a short glance back, which in retrospect, hadn't been very clever. Someone walked right into him, but luckily no one lost their balance. "Sorry," Potter – the girl who had walked into him – mumbled absentmindedly. She hadn't noticed it was him yet. She looked at his face then, recognition in her eyes. Draco was too surprised to say anything. He hadn't meant for the Gryffindor to find out that he'd been here. From the corners of his eyes, he saw that Potter was pushing something into her bag. Then, after another moment of silently watching each other they started talking at the same time. Potter was accusing him of following her. Nothing new there. But the first thing that came to his mind wasn't better. I didn't see a thing! Smooth. That's exactly what a crazy stalker would have said. Well, it was true. He hadn't seen a thing. He hadn't seen anyone naked. Especially not Potter. Now he realized it was probably not the most clever thing to do, thinking about naked people and Potter at the same time. Especially with Potter standing right in front of him. He gulped nervously, hoping he wouldn't turn red. That simply wouldn't do! What was it that he had read once in The Memoires of Salazar the Cunning One ? Attack is the best defence! So, he insulted her. He was a pro at that after all. It seemed only logical. Halfway through his tirade of insults, something distracted him. Little droplets of water were idly dripping from the tips of Potter's hair down her forehead and along her neck in the back. Watching the drops make their way over Potter's skin was kind of hypnotizing… what did he want to say? He couldn't focus anymore! There was only the water drops, that were chasing one another through Potter's short, dark – even darker from being wet – hair, that really shouldn't be this distracting! Focus, Draco! Focus! A Malfoy doesn't get distracted. Unless it's his intention . It was unusually hard to form coherent sentences. That's probably why Draco informed Potter that her hair was wet. Well, it was an important piece of information, wasn't it? Usually, hair wasn't supposed to be wet. So it was only nice of Draco to tell the ignorant girl about it. On top of that it was incredibly irritating! Potter went on and on about sleep-walking and asking him why he was wearing a helmet ( Ha ha, like I' m going to admit that I was hiding behind the helmet! ), which was boring him to death. There were way more interesting things he wanted to know. For example, what she planned to do for the Second Task and which part Diggory played in all of that. But the endlessly annoying Gryffindor didn't mention any of that! In fact, she was turning around and started to walk away from him. Draco grimaced. If you wanted something you always had to get it yourself. "So… Diggory bailed on you?" He asked, making sure his voice sounded mostly bored but also taunting. Potter didn't turn around but at least she stopped walking. "What are you talking about?" Her voice was nothing but a whisper. "Well, wasn't he going to help you with your Egg? In return for… you know… certain favours?" Looking back, this maybe hadn't been the most clever way of putting it. But this: provoking each other; teasing and taunting, where it was most uncomfortable, this was what they did. And a big part of Draco enjoyed this more than anything in the world. More than being mean to first years. More than calling the know-it-all a mudblood. More than insulting the weasel and seeing just how red his face could possibly turn. Potter was marching up to him now, stopping only when she was right in front of him. There was a fire in her eyes that glinted dangerously. Deadly , Draco thought with a shudder. "What. Did. You. Say?" The girl literally growled. What a weird sound coming from the Gryffindor. "I just-" Draco started to say, but he was too surprised to continue because Potter had grabbed the collar of his – expensive and silky – cloak and the air was knocked out of his lungs. For a second he was too stunned to speak and for some reason he felt vulnerable with her so close to him. Surely she was able to hear everything . The way his heart beat much too fast, pounding almost painfully in his chest. The way his breath was coming shorter than usual. The way his mind was screaming: Green, green, green! How can eyes be this green? Draco didn't linger on these worries. He couldn't afford to linger, because if he lingered, would he ever be able to stop? So, no less than a second after Potter attacked him, he spat venomously, "Why else