Harry woke up, and tried to remember his dream. He could never remember his dreams anymore. They swam immediately out of reach upon surfacing. The glimpses he could snatch came back to him at odd times throughout the day, nonsensical images and feelings of déjà vu. His dreams weren't like they used to be. He used to dream of bad people doing bad things. Sometimes his dreams had actually come true. Sometimes he could decipher them, adding this peice to that peice, forming a picture, a crazy jigsaw of future events. Vivid dreams, Harry supposed, we're just another part of being the Boy-Who-Lived-In-A-Muggle-World. Now he was where he belonged, his dreams didn't matter as much, and as such, that part of his magic had waned. The morning light was pale, and lit up the small dorm room without enthusiasm. Outside it was cold. There was a wind, and it pushed at the window - not enough to rattle the pane, but enough to make it flex with a broken rhythm, like a weak heartbeat. In the bed along the far wall, Seamus still slept, and in the one nearest the door, Ron snored, the sheets twisted around his lanky body like they'd attacked him during the night. His eyes twisted to the dark skin of Dean, and the slumbering form of Neville. Harry could call neither boy a friend, but they were nice enough to him, and he felt obliged to keep out of their way as much as possible. He stretched out slightly and rolled over, desperate to get the sleep that had so easily claimed his dorm mates. The sky burned a fierce orange. Not the actual sky, of course. But the shield that surrounded the city was burning. It held up, though. Draco was a master at wards, and he had still yet to have his work be defeated. It hadn't stopped the Death Eaters from walking straight through, however. But then again, that wasn't it's purpose. Flames licked the cracked streets, and a thick haze of smoke hung lazily, pooling around and oozing out of the cinders of Durham Cathedral. It had taken four and a half hours for the ancient structure to burn down. Harry could only hope that if God existed, he would exact a special punishment on the forces of The Dark Lord for burning down the house of worship. Harry wasn't a religious man, but this angered him nonetheless. He was snapped out of his stupor by the hellish glare of spellfire. Streaks of violet and green danced through his friends, and one by one, the surviving members of the Resistance either fell, like marionettes with their strings cut, or found cover in the endless rubble. People screamed. People died. People fought. Harry and Ron were on a rooftop when Voldemort drifted into view. They watched him float down, a vision in light eating black, until he was standing on the shield that defended the remnants of the city. The Resistance's last stronghold. He smashed his wand into the tip of it, and a bright, white ripple extended outwards from that point. The shield darkened, and an overcast greyness fell upon Durham. "It won't hold for much longer," Ron said, and Harry gripped his wand tighter. Harry gave a curt nod in the affirmative. "We don't have much longer. I can't say it's been a pleasure, Weasley, but the first six years of our friendship were some of the happiest I ever had. I just wish it had turned out differently." "Me too, Potter. Me too." Ron sighed truthfully. "I wish we could turn back time. Like an overcharged time-turner. Remember that in third year? With Hermione's? 'Cause I don't." Harry rolled his eyes. Ron could never get over being unconscious for one night and missing time travel. After giving Ron a slap on his back, Harry handed him his sniper. As much as Ron had hated to admit it at first, no wizards reflexes were fast enough to stop a bullet, even if they didn't have the capability to just sail right through a shield. "Harry!" Hermione kicked open the rooftop door, a broadsword in her hands. "Oh my God, Harry, we need to go now!" She turned around and sliced an Inferi apart, before plunging the blade into the chest of a Death Eater. "Good luck, Ron." Harry said softly, truly meaning it. "You too, Harry. Do this for us all. So many lives have been lost, and only you can save them. I just hope thirteen year old you gets the message." Ron said, not taking his eye from the scope of the Barret. Harry gave him one final, pitying, look, before rushing to Hermione's aid, and planting his revolver into a Death Eaters face and pulling the trigger. He would have loved to have used a Clint Eastwood, 'Dirty Harry' line, but there just wasn't time for such luxuries. " Do I want to know where you got a sword?" "Husband of mine, you wouldn't believe me if I told you," Hermione grinned, proudly swinging it to rest on her shoulder as she struck a dramatic pose. Harry gasped for air as his eyes snapped open, and he sat bolt upright. What the hell was that? He was no stranger to nightmares, but that was different. He remembered it. Properly. He could perfectly recall it, almost... Almost like a memory, rather than a dream. Off the scale of different, and crashing into the uncanny valley of, 'What the hell, brain? Why is that so real?' He quickly glanced around, but relaxed as he found himself in the relative comfort of the Gryffindor boy's dormitory. He stretched his arm out, and felt the red velvet of the bed curtains, almost as if to see if this world was real. Satisfied it was, Harry stood up. Light now leaked through the window in faint dark hues, the November sky effortlessly pouring in the illumination. A flash of burning sky went through Harry's mind, and he stepped back in shock, but then as quickly as it had came, it was gone. Harry knew it must be early in the morning, and a quick Tempus confirmed it was six on the dot in the morning. Harry quickly started his routine, that of brushing his teeth, a brutal training regime including pull-ups, sit-ups, push-ups, a run, a shower, and it was only halfway through that Harry realised that this 'routine' he was so used to, was something he had never done in his life. Ever. Harry shrugged it off, labelling it as a fluke, and that he had been reading one to many of the 'fiction' books in the library when he should have been studying. It wouldn't be the first time he had replaced the dust cover of a fiction book with that of a textbook to give the appearance he cared about his academics. Hermione had yet to catch him, and he felt rather smug about it from time to time. He finished his shower at half past seven exactly, which made him frown slightly, but it left him fifteen minutes before his roommates woke up to think about his dream. What the hell was it? That was the main question that ran through his mind. Never before had Harry had anything even remotely similar to that happen before. He referred to Dra - no, Malfoy. He had referred to Malfoy, as though he were a friend, and the way he had spoken to Ron had been that of an enemy. He blushed when he thought about Hermione. He was slightly confused when it came to that regard. Why had his brain decided that Hermione was his wife? He hadn't really thought about girls in a way more than 'friends' before, so this was a development for him. Then there was the burning town. Voldemort? Did that mean he had returned, in this dream? He specifically remembered saying that the city was the last stronghold. Did that mean in his dream they were losing? Was his scar influencing this? He went cold at these thoughts, and pushed them to the back of his mind. He didn't want to think about what it could mean. He forgot all about waiting for Ron, and after getting changed, made his way down to the Great Hall, alone. He sat there and stirred a bowl of porridge absentmindedly, a headache now perusing him. The day had only just started and he could already tell it wouldn't be a good one. "Harry?" A worried looking Hermione sat down opposite him. "Are you alright?" Harry on receiving the fright, instinctively and instantly had his wand at his best friends throat, a Diffindo on his lips, before he stopped himself with wide eyes, realising what he had almost done. He dropped his wand to the table with a clatter and started to violently shake. How could he have even thought about that? This was his wife, and he nearly killed her! "Oh God, Hermione," Harry cried in relief. "I am so, so sorry!" Harry frowned inwardly, drawing a long shuddering breath externally. He had just called Hermione his wife. Why had he done that? Why was this... This dream having such an influence on him? More than any other? Hermione's eyes were as wide as saucers, and fright hid behind concern in the soft, chocolate orbs. She clasped his hands in her own, stopping them from trembling. "I'm here, Harry. It's just me. Are you alright? Did you have another nightmare?" "Yes," Harry said drawing another long breath. "No. I'm not sure. Wait, how do you know I have nightmares? I haven't told anybody." Hermione went slightly pink. "Ron told me a couple of weeks ago. Says he heard you. Don't be mad at him, he was just worried about you. I -" Hermione swallowed, concern overtaking her eyes completely now. "I'm here for you, you know?" "Thank you, Hermione." Harry said quietly. "I am so sorry. About before. I don't know what that was." "Do you want to talk about it?" "Maybe later," Harry told her. "Are you OK?" "Yes." "Are you lying?" "I don't know." Hermione looked around, and confident that the only others in the Hall were a couple of Hufflepuff's who were to engrossed in their conversation to notice, (even the teachers weren't in the room yet, although that wouldn't last long) she quickly stood up and jumped over the table and sat down next to Harry. Harry raised a quizzical eyebrow, but Hermione just squeezed him in a tight, warm hug. They stayed that way until the doors opened once more and the flow of students began to rush in. "Hey Harry, where were you this morning?" Ron asked as he skidded to a halt and sat down opposite the pair. "I woke up and ' bam! '" Ron slapped his hands together, and lowered his voice to a whisper for effect. "You were gone! " "I just woke up a little earlier is all, Ron. Nothing to worry about." Harry plastered a fake grin onto his face so convincing, Hermione almost fell for it. Almost. Harry was still reeling from what he had almost done to Hermione, that he didn't allow what would have usually eased a smile from him to do so. That wasn't something which would leave him quickly. Was he too dangerous to be around? What if next time, he didn't stop himself in time? His mind was awash with worry. He stood up suddenly, and the world tilted dangerously. "I, er, need to go. I'll be back." Harry said. "As long as you're back for classes," Ron snorted. "If you leave me to fend for myself in Trelawney's class, I'll deck you." "Yeah..." Harry muttered, fully aware of Hermione staring at him. He waved slightly and stumbled out of the Hall. His brain was thick with emotion. He needed to lie down. He made his way towards Gryffindor