STORYLINE:*) Harry is killed at 17 during the fight with Voldemort. He's sent to his Death's office (explained later) and finds out that this isn't the first time that this has happened. *) Harry's Death (who can have a human name) is mad at his arrival. Apparently, people dying before their time is a black mark on the various Deaths' records, and Harry is getting perilously close to getting this particular one fired. *) When Harry asks what was supposed to have happened, Death goes off on a rant saying how he was supposed to have killed Voldemort, found his soulmate ("Some Granger girl…") and lived to be a centennial age. But since Harry keeps getting into life-threatening situations for one reason or another, he keeps dying before that happens. Harry is surprised about the soul mate part. *) Death gives Harry a paper to sign that allows him to retain his memories (the previous times, he wasn't given this option for some reason). Harry is deposited to a previous time of the writer's choosing. *) Eventually, Harry gets it right. He kills Voldemort, gets the girl, and lives to a ripe old age of whatever. And Death doesn't get fired. REQUIREMENTS: *) Harry must have died at least three times before this one *) The memory keeping contract must be included *) Death must refer to Hermione as "some Granger girl" when Harry's soul mate turns up in his rant *) Obviously, must be H/Hr *) Have fun OPTIONAL: *) Dumbledore's manipulations can be a factor in Harry's premature demises" Bat Out of Hell Harry Potter's sudden death came as a shock to everyone - not least of which himself. One moment he had been amidst the battle of Hogwarts, and the next there was a horribly sickening drop beneath him. However, Harry Potter had never been one to complain. He had finally kicked the bucket on the mortal plane, and now it was time to see his dead friends and family. So why was this infuriating man in front of him denying him such a thing? "You could be waiting here for a while," The infuriating man said monotonously. "And your friends and family wouldn't be able to visit for long." "So?" Harry argued. "I'm going to see them anyway, aren't I? After whatever it is I'm waiting for? I'll see them, then I'll go to this meeting, and then I'll see them again! I know how the afterlife works" "On your own head," The infuriating man shrugged from behind his stark white desk, and he waved his gloved hand. "They're on their way. Now please stop distracting me. I have a lot of deaths I need to log." "Thank you!" Harry said. " Finally !" The infuriating man nodded and made a slight shooing motion. Scowling at him, Harry moved away from the desk and inspected the room around him. It was the brightest white from floor to ceiling, made of some material that Harry couldn't identify. There were no doors or windows, and Harry briefly wondered if there was a way into or out of the room. There were no lamps, or anything to emit it, and yet the room was bathed in bright light. It defied all laws of physics, and didn't seem to care. Having lived in a world of magic, things like that shouldn't surprise him anymore. Even as he was contemplating this however, the entire left wall melted away, leading to another room. This one contained people. Four to be exact. "There you go," Said the infuriating man, in his ever so infuriating voice. "Four humans plucked from the Great Stream of Life and Death. Just like fish. How... quaint." "Sirius? Remus?" Harry said, finding himself choking on emotions. "Mum? Dad?" "Hello Harry," Remus said lightly, his hair looking softer and more well-kept than it ever had in his later life. He wore a completely white three piece suit, cleaner than seemed possible. "It's been a while." Harry made a noise that burbled from his mouth like a strangled laugh, and his eyes turned to his Dogfather. The man's usually long hair was cropped short. It was a strange look on him, and not one that Harry could altogether say he liked. He wore a suit identical to Remus's. "Hey pup. You couldn't wait to die normally to see me, huh? You big softie," Sirius grinned, showing brilliant white teeth. "Ignore him," said a red-haired woman in a brilliant white dress. To Harry, she looked like an angel. Her green eyes crinkled as she smiled. "It's good to finally meet you, Harry. It's been so long." "Youngest Seeker in a century!" James Potter scoffed, throwing his arms out. "Are you kidding me? I'm so proud of you!" Harry jumped into his dad's arms and gave his dad a hug and his dad laughed - and it was his dad. His dad . "We couldn't be more proud of you, Harry," Lily Potter said sincerely, wrapping her own, slender arms around her boys. Sirius blew a raspberry at them, but it wasn't long before he and Remus joined in as well. Harry could feel the warmth of their bodies, but even though his ear was pressed to his dad's chest, he felt no heartbeat. He supposed that wasn't necessary in the afterlife. They talked for what felt like hours. Harry sat down with his back against his mother's chest, facing Remus and Sirius whilst his dad had an arm around Lily. Lily gently stroked Harry's hair. "Honestly," James was saying. "If he didn't look exactly like me, I'd doubt he was even my son. He's Lily through and through." "I hope you aren't saying that as though it's a bad thing," Lily said in a voice that was far too sweet, earning a quick mock gasp from James. "Ooh!" Remus winced exaggeratedly. "Someone's going to be in the dog house tonight - and it isn't me!" Sirius crowed in a sing-song tone that warbled. Harry laughed at the pair. "Besides," Lily continued, ignoring her friends. "He is far braver than I am. And he has your rebellious streak, plus your love of Quidditch. And your knack for breaking the rules. And -" " Okay , I get it," James grumbled. "Always right, aren't you Lils?" "Well I'm never wrong." She smirked, giving her husband a quick peck on the cheek. "How's your love life been then, Harry?" Sirius quickly changed the subject. "Finally start with Hermione? Brainy birds are the naughtiest you know!" "Well-" Harry started. "What Sirius is trying to say," Remus smiled, shooting his friend a grin. "Is if you're waiting for anyone special." Harry went to answer, but was interrupted by the infuriating man, who was writing something down on a clipboard. "Harry Potter?" He asked in that bored voice of his. "Your Reaper will see you now." "Our time is up, it seems," Remus said, brushing some imaginary lint from the shoulder of his impeccable suit as he stood. "It's never a good idea to keep a Reaper waiting." " My Reaper ? " Harry asked. " What? I thought there was only one Death ? "Your Reaper," the infuriating man repeated, not looking up. "And they are none too pleased to see you again." Harry's head whipped from his family to the man and back again. "Did you just say ' again'? " "Yes I did. If I had realised you were hard of hearing, I would have amplified my voice." The infuriating man said, bored. Sirius let out a snort and James tried to cover a laugh. Lily attempted to look stern, she really did, but her smile cracked through in the end. "Remus is right, Harry," she said. "It's best if you go and see him now." "Or her!" Piped up Sirius. "Mine had some cracking knock-" Lily swatted him over the head and he flashed her a roguish grin. Behind her, he cupped his hands in front of his chest and jiggled them up and down. "I, uh, yeah, okay." Harry swallowed a laugh. "I'll see you after, right?" Something flashed slightly in James's eyes, and instead of saying anything, he just waved. "Right?" Harry asked again, more insistently this time. They started to fade, and the wall started to reform in front of him. " Right? " He panicked, feeling tears threatining to fall. They vanished then. The wall became solid, and Harry was left in the room where he had first appeared upon his death. He was truly alone now. Even the infuriating man wasn't there anymore. Around him, the room started to shift. Harry staggered against the nearest wall for support, even as they started to morph. The walls twisted and darkened under his touch, and the desk bled from white into a dark oak. The floor became solid ebony boards wood, and two armchairs that each looked sinfully comfortable grew from the floor on either side of the desk. The walls sprouted frames, and paintings and portraits blossomed within them. The room was dark, dimly lit from an oil lamp on the wood of a corner table. On the business end of the desk, sat a skeleton in a navy suit. He had a matching fedora cocked at a jaunty angle. "Are you-?" Harry's breath hitched, and the figure smoothly finished his sentence. "Death?" It asked. "Why yes. Yes I am." Harry approached the desk, regaining some of his confidence and courage. He was already dead. What more could happen to him? Worst-case scenario, he could go to hell. What would Hermione do? Force herself to act as level-headed as possible. Rationality was good, after all. Maybe she would act like this was a normal conversation? How did people start conversations again? Names would be good. "Do you have a name? Or are names beneath you?" Oh. That was a bit ruder than I intended. The grinning teeth of the skull did not change, but it tilted its head slightly as though curious. "I am known as the Validator, as that would appear to be my purpose." "So, I have to talk to you to get to the afterlife, is that it?" "In essence. But of course there is more to it than that." "Well, of course there is." Harry said as though it were obvious, his tone somewhat bitter. "Typical really, considering it's me you're dealing with here. I don't suppose you're going to tell me exactly what's in store for me, are you? Heaven or Hell, y'know?" "True understanding comes later." "True understanding usually does." It straightened, flexing gloved fingers, before snapping them, causing a large file to appear on the desk. "Indulge me, Harry. You are a warrior?" "When I need to be." "You are a violent man." It stated. "When I have to be." "Is it, do you think, an appropriate response to the world around you?" "Violence?" Harry asked. "Violence is never the answer, until it's the only answer." The skeleton started to flick through the file, not looking up at Harry as he sat down. "Your words are weary, for one so young." "They're just well-travelled. If I could save the world with words, I would. I'd lay down my wand and I'd talk until my bones turned to dust. But words are for reasonable people, and too often the people I meet are far from reasonable." "You have blood on your hands." "I do, so other people don't have to," said Harry. "But that is not why you fight. You fight because the fight is all you have. You fight because you enjoy it." "Don't you think for one damned second that I like fighting a war," Harry spat vehemently. "I've fought this war my whole life because I had too. It's all I've known. Trust me when I say I'd love to know more than the stupid fight. What are you looking for, anyway? An insight into my soul? You want to shock