I'd Do Anything For Love... The mood in the Great Hall was desperately somber, and the quiet spoke volumes. The hushed talking between each table was a far cry from the usual cat-calling and yelling that arose. Even the Slytherin table seemed depressed. Losing a student would do that to a school. Harry kept his head down, and miserably stirred his soup with his spoon, not hungry in the slightest. He kept his head down right the way through dinner, until Professor Dumbledore sighed loudly, and stood up. "Cedric Diggory," he spoke "was always a happy student. He brought joy to many, and seldom brought sadness to others. He helped those in need of it, and those he did not know, because he was a kind-hearted gentleman. That type of a man is rare these days, and it is a tragedy to have had him torn from us so suddenly." "After a long discussion with Minister Fudge, I can confirm that Hogwarts will remain open. It has been concluded that as death's are unfortunately common within the TriWizard Tournament, that the school was not at fault." Dumbledore held up a hand to silence the light hubbub that had arisen, and his eyes hardened slightly as he spoke his next peice. "Now I know that many of you suspect foul play on behalf of Mr. Potter, but questioning under Veritaserum and a thorough Ministry Investigation have proven beyond a shadow of doubt that Mr. Potter had absolutely nothing to do with this death. I am shocked and disappointed that so many of you jumped to believe that he, or any other student of this school could even fathom such a course of action." Harry snorted loudly. "Don't be." The room fell silent, and Harry felt every eye turn to him, something he had unfortunately gotten used to with his unwanted fame. Unwanted eyes, and unwanted ears, but this time, he needed them. He stood up in his chair, chuckling darkly. "They wouldn't know the difference between a murderer and a chair even if the murderer had a bleeding placard around their neck." The silence in the hall was deafening. "I mean, it's miraculous the things I've heard about myself for example. I must learn something new everyday. There must only be about thirty or so people in here who were close to Cedric, and are genuinely traumatised by this, and my heart goes out to them. Most people, however, could give less of a crap. They're just being polite and we all know this. Cedric was an amazing person, and every person who goes around in the halls proclaiming he was their best friend is a disgrace to his memory and everything he stood for." "As I was saying, this isn't the first time the students of this simply amazing institute has thrown me under the bus because it was easier than an in depth investigation, you know, how it should be done. Now, the beginning of this year, even my second year here for God's sake. I have never met a group of more judgmental people in my life before I came here." "Maybe if you stopped seeking attention, and stopped trying to be a part of everything that is slightly out of sync in this school, you might not have this problem." Snape stood up, foaming. "Now, for instance. We want to respect and mourn for our dead, but you stand up like you own the place. This doesn't give you power. This doesn't make you wealthy. Just stop it, Potter, and give us a chance to mourn Mr. Diggory. Maybe you could sit down, and think about a wise and productive old age, instead of wasting your youth, by being such an attention seeker! Your father would have done the exact same thing, inconsiderate to his surroundings and only out to further himself!" Harry stared him down, and the whole hall stared in shock. Evryone knew of Snape's treatment of Harry, but it had never escalated this far. While Harry usually would have backed down at that, he was too full of rage at how the school treated him and how Snape thought it was okay to use Cedric as an excuse to rip on him, as per usual. "Calm it there, bat. Don't you dare use Cedric Diggory as an excuse to have your little jibes at me." Harry said in a voice full of rage, before turning around and walking out. The fourth year boy's dormitory was unsurprisingly empty. Most of the occupants were at the leaving feast that Harry had just walked out on. Harry Potter scanned the room briefly just to make sure none of his belongings were where they weren't supposed to be, and satisfied that they weren't, he began to pack his trunk for the inevitable return to the Dursleys. He started with his broomstick, and the next thing he knew, he was placing a folded up tie on a full trunk. He wasn't leaving Hogwarts the same person he had entered it as, and though it had come under terrible circumstances, and at a terrible cost, he felt he was better off for it. Cedric's death made the return of Voldemort all the more real to him, and reminded him that this wasn't a game of chess, or a logic puzzle to get through some fire, or a flying key. This was a war, and this was real, and there were casualties. He packed some basic clothes into a rucksack he planned on taking with him to change into on the train, and then turned around and left the room, all the while trying to think about what he was supposed to do in a war. Sure, Cedric's death had made this all the more real, but he was still scared as hell. Fourteen year old boy's are not supposed to be in wars, let alone the target of magic wizard Hitler. The common room wasn't very busy either, though a couple of sixth and third years were milling about the place. The common room fell silent as the occupants noticed him however, and that just made it worse. Some blamed him for the death of another student, and others didn't know what to say. Nobody was really sure what had happened yet, with Voldemort returning and he doubted they were going to find out until it was published in the Daily Prophet in a couple of days. Hermione came through the portrait hole, presumably returning from the Great Hall where she had spent the majority of her evening. She looked as beautiful as ever. She didn't speak as she approached him, and didn't speak when she got near. She didn't say a single word, even as she wrapped him up in one of her one-of-a-kind tight 'Hermi-hugs.' There was nothing that needed saying at that moment, and he just nestled his head into her shoulder. He didn't cry, and neither did she. They just stood there for a few minutes, gently rocking from side to side as they embraced. "I'm not going to ask if you're OK," Hermione whispered to him, seemingly unaware of the common room that had awkwardly turned away. "because I know you aren't. I hope you know I'm always here for you." "I'm sorry 'Mione." Harry mumbled into her shoulder. "I don't know what came over me tonight." "It's OK Harry." Hermione tried to let go of him, but Harry clutched her tighter, and now his tears started rolling. "Don't go," he croaked. "Please don't go. I need you to stay Hermione. Just talk to me." Hermione stopped instantly, and again wrapped him in one of her hugs. "Of course Harry. What do you want me to talk about?" "Absolutely anything." Harry whispered, just needing to get his mind off everything he had been through in the past eighteen hours. Just needing to cope with what he had seen, and heard and done. Just needing to hear Hermione's comforting voice. And so Hermione did, and they sat down on a sofa in the common room and she quietly chatted away to him about anything that sprang to her mind. She told him about what she had been reading about at the library, what Crookshanks had been up to that morning, what her plans for the holiday were, or lack there of them. She told him her favourite colour, and about how she wanted to change the wizarding world to be more accepting of muggles and muggleborns as she grew up. She told him her ambitions, and Harry listened to each and every single thing she had to say, without saying a single word of his own. There were times the conversation, if it could be called that, lapsed into silence, but Hermione always found something interesting to tell him about, and always found a way to keep that velvety smooth voice of hers to continue. They must have sat like that for a few hours at least, as by the time they stood up, the common room was completely empty. After a quiet goodnight, and another hug, they separated and made their way towards their respective dormitory's. Hermione lay in her bed that night, and all she could think about was Harry. He seemed damaged and different after the third task, and she could only hope that it wasn't permanent. She briefly wondered if there was ever a time when she didn't worry about Harry. ' I need you to stay Hermione.' Those words reverberated around her head, and with each her worry increased ten-fold. She wished she could help him, but knew that whatever had happened to him couldn't be unseen. He hadn't fully opened up about what had happened, and only the basics, that being Voldemort's return, and Cedric's death. She could tell that a lot more had happened that he simply didn't want to let her in on, and that both upset her and annoyed her. Upset beacause she felt it meant that he couldn't trust her, and annoyed because she felt it her business to look after her Harry, which she couldn't do if he didn't tell her anything. She suddenly felt a pang of guilt, knowing that he probably wasn't telling anybody because it was too terrible. She bit her lip nervously, and after about half an hour, fell into a fitful and restless sleep. Hermione woke late on the last day of school, and though she had packed everything a couple of nights ago, she still rushed her morning routine, leaving her with absolutely nothing to do as she stepped out of the shower. She got changed and sat cross-legged on her bed, fiddling with her wand. Harry had scared her last night, whether he had meant to or not, and she wanted to be with him. However she just needed a moment. A dark hand emerged from the door and pushed it open, revealing the pretty Parvati Patil who wore a smile on her face. "Hey Hermione, Dumbledore wants to talk to you. Dunno why, but he said it was important." Hermione started slightly, but managed to fix a smile onto her face quick enough, before Parvarti started asking questions. "Ok, thanks. Did he say what time, or do I just go now?" Parvarti shrugged. "He didn't say anything about the times, so I'd assume you can go whenever, but I'd go now if you want to get a good seat on the Express. I think it's about Harry's little speech last night." Hermione walked downstairs and out of the common room, dissapointed to see Harry wasn't down yet. She had mixed feelings where her best friend was concerned, and wasn't fully sure how to deal with them. She knew he was her best friend and she would do anything for him, but he needed to let her in. She made her way through the cold stone corridors, and eventually reached the stone gargoyle that signified Dumbledore's office, which