Chapter 1: Revelations A/N: This is a story I adopted from EmeraldGuardian7 . All original ideas from the first chapter and most of the second are his. All rights to Harry Potter belong to good ole J.K.. This is my first ever Fanfic so bear with me. I am in the military and a parent, so i apologize in advance, but there won't be regular updates. It might even be a couple of months in between. Sorry. ( EmeraldGuardian7 's) A/N: This is the first chapter to a new story I'm starting. I'm not too sure how much I'll be updating it at first. My main story is still the Wizard and the Grimm, but this plot bunny just won't leave me alone. I've read tonnes of fics with a Harry/ Daphne pairing and a few with Harry/ Tracey. I've even seen a few that imply that Daphne/ Tracey are together, so I thought why not, and started writing a Harry/ Daphne/Tracey. This is my first Harry/ Multi pairing so we'll have to see how it goes. At the moment, I am not planning on adding any more girls so please don't start inundating me with messages asking for that. this story will also make use of some common clichés but I hope it won't get too much for everyone. There will be some of the Lordship stuff but for Harry it will only be Potter and Black. He won't have a hundred other family titles. This will also feature a sort of Manipulative!Dumbledore, and GreaterGood!Dumbledore. I don't usually like to bash Dumbledore, but it is sort of required for the story idea. It's more of a case of the road to hell is paved with good intentions. He will probably come off as a villain in this story, but I hope he won't come off as a cartoonish mustache twirler. He just has a set of ideals that he believes in, and will stop at nothing to see his plans come to fruition because he believes it's the only way. The other main idea for this story is I want something where Harry is on his own side. Where there is a legitimate war being fought, and Voldemort is one side, Dumbledore and the Order are another, Harry has his own allies, and the Ministry is of course its own side. There even may be more players that enter the game, but I can't talk about that without spoiling some of this fic. Anyway, I hope you all enjoy! I look forward to receiving constructive feedback in the reviews. I like to know what people like and dislike. If you really don't like my story for whatever reason, please just stop reading, don't flame for no reason. I don't mind constructive feedback but flames are pointless. "Are you staring at Potter again, Daphne?" "No," She snapped back much too quickly. It was only with years of practice that she was able to stop herself from blushing, or showing any discernible change of emotion on her face. Well, discernable to most people that is. Tracey Davis, Daphne's long time best friend, could see right through her, which was why she was currently smirking at the Slytherin girl's quick reply. "Oh come off it! I've seen you watching him this year too!" "Well... as I told you before, he's the only boy in this school I'd be interested in going out with." Daphne suddenly leaned closer to her friend, and started whispering furiously, "Oh! Is our relationship not good enough anymore. I know we can't go around in public, but we've been together for years now!" "You know our fathers won't allow that to happen, Daphne, especially yours. I love you, but we're going to be forced into a marriage eventually, and I'd rather choose the one I have to spend the rest of my life with. Plus, you already admitted the same thing earlier this year! That's why we agreed that neither of us would go after him; it would ruin our friendship if we competed over him." Daphne sighed, "I know… I know… I'm sorry. I'm just really stressed out. With the Dark Lord out in the open, he's going to come putting pressure on my family again. And, yes I do find Potter attractive, but that's not why I was watching him. I know we don't know him that well, but did you see his face? Something's wrong. He looks devastated, yet I can't figure out what happened. All his friends made it back from their little adventure to the Ministry, even if some were injured." Tracey glanced over her shoulder at the Gryffindor table, "Yeah, your right. His eyes look red, almost as if he's been crying. Despite what Snape likes to rant about in the common room, I can tell he hasn't had an easy life, but I've never seen him break down before. Even after Diggory died last year, which I could tell got to him, he held it together." "Well whatever it is, seeing how he always seems to be in the center of things, it probably doesn't mean good news for the Wizarding World. I know we've been wondering this for years, but I still wonder what he's playing at. Even though he's a half-blood, he's the last in line of the Potters, which is one of the oldest families in Britain. He doesn't wear his heir ring, let alone have claimed his Lordship," Daphne was staring off into the distance. She'd been trying to figure out what Harry had been planning for years, but none of it made any sense. "Well maybe he's planning on claiming it this summer. He only turned fifteen at the end of last July. Maybe he just decided to wait a year?" Tracey suggested. "Technically you're wrong in this case. Normally an heir can have their Lordship passed down to them by the current head of their family when they turn fifteen, or if the current head of house is dead, whatever family member is the current acting head, can pass it down on that day. Harry is a special case. When the heir is the last in line of a family, like in this case with the Potters, the heir can take up their Lordship on their thirteenth birthday. It's an old law put in place by the Wizengamot to protect the old families. In these cases, the interim-head isn't a family member and so they have less power over the family affairs." "Well who's the interim-head of House Potter?" "Dumbledore I think," Daphne scowled. "I heard my dad complaining about it once. He thinks Dumbledore has conned his way into getting control of too many old families." "I know we don't exactly like Dumbledore, but do you really think he'd block Potter from his heritage? They seem pretty close to me." "I don't know about that. Haven't you noticed this past week, let alone this past year? I haven't seen those two talk all year. I've always noticed the Headmaster keeping his eye on Potter when they're in the same room ever since first year. And then after the whole Ministry fiasco last week, I hear someone say they saw Potter leaving Dumbledore's office. Ever since then, I've seen him glaring at the old man at every meal. If looks could kill, I think the Headmaster would be six feet under right now." "That is interesting. If Potter's actually breaking away from Dumbledore, that only increases his desirability in my book again," Daphne just shook her head at her friend's antics. We'll have to watch him closely next year. There's more going on with this whole situation than there appears." "Or you just want to stare at his arse more." "Tracey!" "Oy! Greengrass!" Daphne sighed once again. She really didn't want to deal with him again right now. "What do you want Malfoy?" "I just wanted to let you know that my father and I will be stopping by your manor this summer. Now that the blood-traitor Black is dead, the Black Lordship will fall to me. I'll be needing a second wife. If your family knows what's good for them, they'll sign the contract this time." "My father will never contract me to you," she eyed him in disgust. "We actually have standards. He said no to you last time, why do you think he'll have a different answer now. That's why you're stuck with pug-faced Pansy over there as the new Lady Malfoy." She waved her hand idly towards said girl whose face was turning red with anger. "How dare you! My father and his associates will no longer allow anyone to remain neutral. Either you join or you'll be wiped away like all the other blood traitors will be. If your father wants the Greengrasses to be more than a name in the history books, he'll sign the Betrothal Contract and kneel before the Dark Lord." "Really? The same old threats Malfoy?" She kept her face carefully blank though, these were legitimate things she'd been more and more worried about over the past year. She knew she couldn't show any weakness in front of them though. "Also, I fail to see how your father will be able to broker any deals from his cell in Azkaban." The blond boy scowled, "Watch your tongue Greengrass. My father won't be there for long. Potter may think he's gotten away with it all. Assaulting purebloods in Umbridge's office without recourse, and getting my father captured by the Ministry. The only reason the Dark Lord didn't kill him is because Dumbledore showed up to save him. That'll change soon enough. He'll get what's coming to him." Malfoy glared at the boy in question across the Great Hall. "Remember what I said Greengrass, and make the smart decision." Suddenly he leaned forward to whisper directly in her ear, she barely managed to contain her shiver of disgust, "If you don't make the right choice, I'm sure one of my father's particularly unsavory contacts would find little Astoria a delectable little treat. It's a shame she most likely won't survive the experience." Daphne's fists tightened in rage at what Malfoy was implying, but no words came to mind as she saw red. His disgusting smirk dropped a moment later as he again leant in even closer, "I will have you Daphne. Even if I have to tie you to the bed and force your legs apart myself. I. Will. Have. You." The blonde boy straightened, sent one last smirk in her direction, before sauntering away with his bodyguards in tow, leaving Daphne frozen in her spot. "Daphne… Daphne… DAPHNE!" Tracey attempted to get her attention. "Hmm?" "What did he say? Daphne? What did he say at the end there?" She didn't know how to answer Tracey. She knew she could probably take Malfoy in a fight, but she was terrified for her sister. She knew exactly who he had been referring to. Fenrir Greyback had a known inkling for young children. Whether it was rape, creating more werewolves, or both. She momentarily wondered if spreading her legs for Malfoy would be worth her family's protection, before remembering the sad truth. No one was safe, no matter what side you're on. It was known that the Dark Lord killed more of his own followers in fits of rage than Aurors or Dumbledore's order did combined. The very idea of Malfoy forcing himself on her disgusted her. She knew she'd now probably have nightmares for months. "Come on Daphne, let's get out of here," she let Tracey pull her out of the hall, wondering what she was going to tell her. There had to be better options for her future. "Did you hear?" Daphne asked as she dragged her friend into her bedroom at Greengrass Manor and quickly shut the door. It had been about three weeks since her confrontation with Malfoy in the Great Hall. "Hear what? Tracey asked