Hey guys. This is my new story about Jason and Piper from the Heroes of Olympus series. I've had this idea for a while and it's in an alternate universe (no demigod trouble), so we'll see where this takes me :). Reviews are appreciated. And much to my despair, I do not own Heroes of Olympus, nor any of the amazing characters. It's all Uncle Rick's! Chapter 1: Jason looked at Reyna and he couldn't process what he was hearing. "Jason? I said… Well, I'm really sorry," Reyna said with sympathy evident in her brown eyes. It was a crisp, Tuesday afternoon in the fall and Jason and Reyna were at their usual hangout spot, which was a local park. He sat on the swing, slowly rocking himself back and forth, trying to understand why Reyna, his best friend and now ex-girlfriend, wanted to end their relationship after only going out for one summer. "Can I ask why?" Jason said. Reyna sighed. "I don't know. At first I thought I'd be happier being your girlfriend, but I feel like we're only going out because that's what people expected of us." That's true, Jason thought, everyone did expect us to get together. Jason had known Reyna since they were toddlers. For as long as he could remember, Jason and Reyna had done everything together: took their first swimming lessons together, went to the same kindergarten class, rode their bikes together until Reyna got a car for her 16th birthday, cut their first classes together—and even got disciplined together when they got caught by their parents. By the time they reached high school, he heard the hushed whispers from his friends. They were wondering when Jason Grace, their school's famed quarterback, and Reyna Ramirez, the captain of the women's soccer team and class president, were finally going to date. Initially, he didn't want to date her, being afraid of driving a notch in their friendship. But after years of insistence and convincing from others, Jason supposed it was only natural of him to start dating his best friend. "And besides," Reyna continued wistfully, interrupting Jason's thoughts. "I don't feel like we're together because we love each other…" Jason snapped his head up to look at Reyna. "I do love you, Reyna." She laughed, but with a trace of sadness. "I know you do Jason, and I love you too. But… we're not in love with each other. Do you understand me?" Jason kept rocking back and forth on the swing, not wanting to meet Reyna's eyes. If he had to be honest to himself like Reyna was with herself, he supposed she was right. It had been a wonderful three months with Reyna. He had enjoyed kissing her, holding her hand, taking her on dates, and he did find her really attractive. For a little bit, he thought all seemed great. But when he really thought about it, he knew he didn't feel any sparks when they were together. And well, weren't there supposed to be sparks or some magic or some out-of-this-world experience with the girl you love? Reyna got up from the slide she was sitting on and crossed over to Jason. She put her hand on his shoulder and squeezed it. "I really hope we can stay best friends still." Jason heard the sincerity and fear of rejection mixed together in her request. "Of course Rey," Jason said, taking her hand and holding it tight for the final time. They stayed like this for another few minutes in silence, both of them coming to terms with their situation. Finally, Reyna broke away. "Hey Jase, sorry, but I have to go now. I'm having relatives over tonight and I should be home. Did you want a ride home?" He shook his head and tried to smile at her. He didn't feel like riding in the same car with her at the moment, even though his house was a bit far. At the same time, he also didn't want to ruin the last non-awkward bits of friendship with her by rejecting her polite offer. Even if she was his ex-girlfriend, he still didn't want to lose her forever. "Don't worry about me. I can walk home. Thanks though Reyna." She smiled lightly and before he could protest, she pecked a quick kiss on his cheek. Jason watched her walk away to her car and within a few minutes, he was all by himself at the park. Jason sighed. He stared up at the sky, wishing he could be someone else right now. Recalling what Reyna said, he was slowly coming to grips that they weren't together anymore. Being with her, and especially their break-up, had made it more obvious that they weren't meant for each other. However, it still didn't mean that he wasn't hurt. There were some genuine feelings of happiness he had with Reyna over the summer and a very small part of him still secretly wondered that if they were to stay together longer, would he had loved her in that way eventually? He would never know now. Once Jason felt the cold, oncoming evening air, he got up and started walking home, feeling more exhausted than he should be at only 6 pm. All around him, some couples were jogging on the streets, people were walking their dogs, and some kids were getting ready to go back inside their houses after an afternoon of play. Despite living in New Rome—a respectable-sized, bustling city—his neighborhood was actually quite large and could be teeming with activity during peak hours. Now everything was settling down, and no one knew that walking down the street, someone named Jason Grace was heartbroken. He thought about what his mom and dad would say when they found out he wasn't dating Reyna anymore. His mom of course was ecstatic when she found out that her son was dating Reyna; both moms were really close. Plus, his mom was the type of woman who lavished on appearances and reputation. Hearing the "power couple" break up would probably disappoint her, Jason guessed. As much as he loved his mom, she was naively superficial, and he now dreaded going home even more since he knew he had to break the news to his mom eventually. Jason also wondered what his dad would say, who was currently working in Seattle for business. He presumed his dad might not care one way or another, since he rarely saw him in the first place. Being Zeus Grace, one of the country's top aircraft designers (and millionaire), made him highly unavailable to even his own family. Jason was used to it and the attention that came from it, but still, he wished his dad were around more often to be there like any other father—like his other best friend's parents. Jason figured the only one that probably would have understood him was his sister Thalia, but she was in college now and the last time they spoke, she already had tons of assignments to do so a visit from her wasn't an option. Although they bickered a lot when she still lived in the house and they didn't see each other as much as they used to, she was still the person that Jason could always rely on no matter what. Missing her more than ever, he decided he would probably call her some time tomorrow. He kept walking home with his mind in a daze. In fact, he didn't know that someone was calling him from behind. "Hey! Excuse me!" The hooded girl ran after him. "Hey, wait up! For the love of Olympus HEY!" Jason was still thinking about Reyna when someone crashed into him and both he and the stranger fell to the ground. Jason groaned. Who the hell ran into him? "What the—" "Oh FINALLY I've got your attention! And would you kindly please get off of me?" the girl mumbled from underneath him. Confused, he stood up and peered at the girl still sprawled on the sidewalk. He knew he'd seen this girl before… Oh yeah, at school, Jason thought, seeing her trademark hood. He watched her recollect herself as she took off her hood. It took all of his willpower not to gasp out loud. Jason had never seen this girl up close before; just random glimpses of her walking down the hallway or across the campus plaza. A few times he might have also seen her at parties. Even then, he had only really seen her with her hood up as if to not attract attention. But seeing her up close for the first time revealed, Jason was literally at a loss for words. Her choppy hair, which looked like it was cut by a five-year-old and held up in a loose ponytail, was a luscious, deep chocolate brown. She wore simple dark blue jeans, sneakers, and a relatively oversized light blue snowboarding jacket that went well with her fair slightly-coppered skin. But the one feature that he recognized the most were her eyes. Unlike Reyna, where they were a deep shade of brown, he literally couldn't tell what color this girl's eyes were. It seemed that for one second it was brown, but then it turned green, and then to blue. She wore no make-up, and Jason knew she would never need it. Jason could even catch a whiff of her perfume, which smelled like fresh strawberries and raspberries. Finally forming one coherent thought, the first thing that came to mind was how pretty she was. No, Jason thought, not pretty. This girl was seriously beautiful. "Yeah don't worry. I'm okay, thanks for asking," the girl said as she got up and brushed off some dirt. "I've been calling after you for five minutes you know. You must've been really deep in thought. Sorry to break such concentration." For some reason, Jason couldn't find his words. Like an idiot, he kept staring at her eyes, trying to pinpoint what color they exactly were. The girl raised her eyebrows and waved her hand in front of his face. "It's kind of weird that you're staring, but I'll take it as a compliment and assume you think I look nice," she giggled. "I kind of need the ego boost right now… Unless you're looking at my pimple. Then that would suck and I'd crawl under a rock." Her words seemed to snap him out of his trance. "Er, um, s-sorry. I'm being rude." "Nah, it's okay. I should be sorry! I totally ran you over when I tripped over that colossal crack (Jason glanced and it looked like a hairline crack)! But hey, you're Jason Grace right?" "Yeah I am," he answered. The girl's eyes brightened considerably at his response, which to him made her seem that much more striking. "Oh really huh? YES! Well, Jason Grace, my name is Piper McLean!" At this, she made a Superman-like pose that made Jason smile, despite the earlier events of the day and the overall weirdness of the situation. "You might've seen me around school… Ah, this may sound loony since we just practically met, but I have a favor to ask you." Jason didn't really know what to say to this. "Um, okay?" "Alright, well here's the thing. Do you know Dylan Miller?" In a heartbeat, Jason knew who she was talking about. Dylan Miller was basically the "bad ass" of Goode High School (or so he likes to call himself). This guy always got into fights and cut class just to smoke cigarettes—and other things—in the school parking lot. Jason had even encountered him once a year ago, overhearing how Dylan didn't like "preppy little fairy jocks" like Jason Grace and his best friend Leo Valdez. Jason went up to him and told him to back off, which Dylan sniffed at and left. But what Dylan was probably most famous for was his status as a playboy. He had a reputation of having a new