Author's Note to Revised Edition (June 2011): During the nine years of writing and posting this tale, some of my grammar and understanding of correct punctuation practices has improved, largely due to helpful notes from readers who said things like, "This is great, but you ought to capitalize the beginning of a quote when it comes in the middle of a sentence …" (etc.). It is my hope to make Boromir's grammar and suchlike as proper as I can, since it seems that as Denethor's son, he would have had proper grammar strictly imposed upon him as he was growing up! So now I am taking the opportunity to go back and fix those errors that I find, as well as some (minor, I believe) errors in continuity that crept in along the way. Original Author's Note (April 2002): Okay, this is my first attempt to upload something and I'm petrified of messing it up. But, if anybody's reading this: I have no claim to the characters, situations, and events created by J. R. R. Tolkien, and I'm not making any money off them. This is written with all due respect to Mr. Tolkien, and with all due admiration for Sean Bean, who made Boromir the sexiest man in Middle Earth. (Anybody who's got any advice on how to upload stories without going mad, let me know!) Chapter One: In the House of the Collector I think I remember coming back. It is not in my memory as a tale with a beginning and an end. Not until later, when I tried to capture the memories and force their secrets from them, did I even fully realise that I had them. I remember a jolt, like when one falls out of half-sleep. I remember a rush of pain, as of countless flame-hot daggers driving into my chest. I remember a feeling as if my breath was stuck in my throat, and I remember it suddenly breaking loose again in a gasping, choking cough. And then I remember my body deciding that all of this was too much. I remember curling up against something that felt soft, and sinking into sleep. I think I felt a blanket being pulled over my shoulders, but I was asleep before I managed to wonder who was there. When I did truly wake up, it was many moments before I could force myself to think. I was lying on my back. That was probably the one thing of which I felt certain. Not lying in a bed, but on what felt like a pile of blankets on the ground. A large, thick pile of blankets, not my usual bedroll. What was I looking at? Something blue – a blue ceiling. I puzzled on it. A domed ceiling of some strange blue stone, pale and misty, that seemed to keep changing depth and hue and distance. The way my eyes couldn't take hold of it made me wonder if it might be Elvish work. Only this wouldn't be an Elf house, because Elves have beds. Of course, it could be some band of Elves who didn't believe in beds. Or Elves who didn't believe mere Men to be worthy of beds. I told myself, I need to sit up. The thought was creeping into my brain that something was very wrong. A lot of somethings, probably, and whatever they were, I was doing nothing to make them right by lying here maundering about beds and ceilings and Elves. Where was I? And where was I supposed to be? The Fellowship. I had no trouble remembering that. I had some confused memories of fighting what seemed to be several dozen Orcs. I thought I remembered them being larger and faster than the usual Orcs, and I remembered ... being wounded, I thought. Being shot. The feeling of an arrow slamming into my chest. If I'd been wounded, and the others had brought me here to recover … The others. Were they here? Had some of them been wounded too? If I spoke their names, would any of them answer? I didn't hurt. I remembered an arrow in my chest and I didn't hurt. Had I been lying here long enough for the wound to already heal? Another memory sliced through my mind. I sat up, fighting my way out from the heaps of blankets. Frodo! my mind screamed. The Ring! Oh, please, Frodo, forgive me! An unknown voice said cheerfully, "Aha, you're awake." I blinked and tried to take in the picture around me. The blue ceiling at which I'd been staring curved down into the walls of a circular room. One round window cut into the wall showed beyond it no recognisable landscape, only what seemed to be some glowing greenish haze. Over to the left was a short, arched doorway, but I couldn't see what might be beyond. The floor, of dark, hard-packed earth, was piled high with – stuff. The heaps that met my eyes seemed to be mostly pieces of furniture, more or less dilapidated. Burst and stained cushions, a table with three broken legs lying on its back, part of a ship's mast with the ragged remains of a sail, a carved chair that looked disturbingly like the throne from some ancient noble or king's funeral barge. They were mixed indiscriminately with curving chunks of driftwood and round, bright moss-covered stones. Sitting cross-legged on the floor between the window and one of the piles was a creature, watching me with fascination. I'd never seen anything like it. He – I supposed it was a he, at least there were no outward signs to indicate that it wasn't – was small, around the same sort of size as the Hobbits, from what I could tell. But there his resemblance to the Hobbits ceased. He was a pale, very bright green, like new grass, from the top of his head down to his bare, paddle- like feet. His head was very long, for all the world like a horse's head, only the big, dark eyes were set in front, and he had no ears that I could see. His mouth must be different from a horse's, too, because it was curved in a recognisable smile, which sent a shiver down my back at the sheer oddness of the sight. He wore a tunic of some dark, rough-woven green fabric, set here and there with a peculiar assortment of trinkets: shells, smooth pebbles with holes in them, a broken necklace, a leathern belt hung over his shoulders like a chain of office, a broken dagger hilt and some worn pieces of bright-coloured glass. There was an eager, delighted air about him as he stared at me, and I had the feeling that I was either a very welcome guest or his next meal. Well, he was a lot smaller than I, and some of those bits of driftwood, or maybe the table legs, would make pretty good cudgels. I reckoned I could defend myself against becoming his daymeal. I asked the creature, "Where am I?" "In my house," he said, and before I could say anything else he was racing on, "Is the bed all right? Is it soft enough? I've got plenty more blankets, you can have whatever you want. Is it all right being dry? I thought Men like their beds dry, but I wasn't sure. We can soak the blankets if you like. Or, I've got a nice pool, you can sleep in that if it's better for you. You should probably get some more sleep, you know. Should I show you the pool?" "No," I said blankly, "dry is good, thank you." He beamed at me. "Are you hungry? I've made some stew. Men do like their food cooked, don't they? I've never cooked stew before, so I don't know how it is. You'll have to show me how Men do their cooking. It's just water plants in the stew, but we can get other ingredients for you. There's plenty of fish. I can get food from the shore, too, if you want it. I can set snares, catch some rabbits. Or there's berries and nuts, too. I made some tea. I don't know if it's any good, but it's hot. You do like hot drinks, don't you? I'll go get it." I stared after him as he leaped up and scuttled through an arched doorway that I hadn't noticed before, to the right, half-hidden behind one of the piles of furniture and driftwood. For a moment I entertained the alluring thought that I was dreaming. No such luck, though, I was sure. I noticed a thick, heavy smell hanging on the air, like wet clothes drying over a peat fire. If that was the fabled stew, or the tea for that matter, he certainly didn't have much notion of how the race of Men prefer their cooking. But other questions were troubling me more than the cooking of my unknown host. Where was Frodo? Where were all of them? Could they still endure having me as one of them, after what I had done? Would Frodo ever feel he could trust me among their company, without someone guarding his back every moment that I was near? And the battle I half remembered, with the Orc hordes in the woods. I found that I couldn't remember how it had ended. I didn't remember Frodo being in it at all. The question stabbed at me again, where was he? If he had run away, from me, and been found by the Orcs when he was alone, alone because of my betrayal … I did remember two other Hobbits in the fight, Merry and Pippin. But every time I tried to seize onto what might have happened to them, I just kept finding myself back in the memory of that arrow thudding into my flesh. I was starting to think that I didn't remember just one arrow. How many I remembered, I didn't know. Two at least, maybe three? I just remembered the sickening jolt as they ploughed into me, and the spreading, burning pain that seemed to hit me over and over again. Maybe I was just imagining that. I could be confusing my memories of delirium afterward, if I'd had a fever from the wound … I thought suddenly, what wound? I was back again to the inexplicable lack of pain. I looked down at myself and found my tunic to be fastened in a haphazard, hopelessly skewed fashion, like a child's first attempt at donning his own clothes unaided. There were large gaps where it wasn't fastened at all, then bunched up areas where several hooks had been pulled to the same place. I undid my belt, then without bothering with the other fastenings I yanked my tunic over my head, pulling the shirt off with it. There were no wounds on my chest. None. Not even healing wounds, or new scars, not even bruises. Nothing. My host bustled back into the room, hands full with a steaming earthenware bowl and a smooth wooden cup that also gave off tendrils of steam. He set these on the ground before me and sat down just on the other side of the bowl and the cup, watching me again with bright eyes and eager smile. He noted my half-clad state, and asked, "Are you too hot? There's not much I can do to change the temperature, but you can have a swim." "No," I said. "I'm not too hot." I was, in fact, feeling increasingly cold, and I didn't think it was due to the temperature of the house or to my state of undress. I couldn't be bothered to put my clothes on again just then, so I pulled one of the blankets over my shoulders, shivering a little as I did so. Determined to behave like a proper guest, and not give in to the fear that whispered to my