Chronicles of the Uruk-Hai Author's Note: In his Appendix F of The Lord of the Rings , Tolkien tells us that "Orc is the form of the name that other races had for this foul people as it was in the language of Rohan," and that "uruk" is the equivalent name in the Black Speech. Although Tolkien also states that "uruk" was "applied as a rule only to the great soldier-orcs," I have decided that this is a misunderstanding on the part of a scholar unfamiliar with (and unsympathetic to) Orcish language and culture. In this work I am using "Uruk" as the singular and "Uruk-Hai" (Orc-People, Orc-Folk) as the plural to refer to all of the peoples generically referred to in Tolkien's works as Orcs. Distinguishing between the different groups of Uruk-Hai are descriptions such as "Fighting Uruk-Hai" and "Cave Uruk-Hai of the mountains." For readers wondering about the use of telepathy in this tale, please see my additional author's note at the end of this chapter. Translations of various terms marked with asterisks will also be found in that note. I have, naturally, no claim to any of the peoples, characters or events created by J.R.R. Tolkien, and I'm not making any money from this. I am, however, having a great deal of fun exploring an alternate and (to my way of thinking) more realistic view of the peoples Tolkien knew as the foul, brutal and barbarous Orcs. Chapter One : Mauhúr and His Lads … there's one thing the fine fellows don't know! Mauhúr and his lads are in the forest, and they should turn up any time now. —Uglúk, "The Uruk-Hai," Chapter 3 of The Two Towers by J.R.R. Tolkien There must have been orc-women. But in stories that seldom if ever see the Orcs except as soldiers of armies in the service of the evil lords we naturally would not learn much about their lives. —J.R.R. Tolkien, 1963 Mauhúr! Need reinforcements. Crossing the downs from Great Falls, along the river to the forest. As he ran with his troop across the plain of Rohan, Mauhúr Son of Uglúk thought of that mental message from his father, again and again. He did not believe Uglúk was in serious danger; not from the sound of the message. But Uglúk wouldn't send for reinforcements except in genuine need. He was hardly one to panic. Mauhúr thought that the White Wizard or the Dark Lord himself would panic before his father did. He had felt no fear in Uglúk's message. The chief emotion he had felt from Uglúk was annoyance. Still, orders were orders. And if Uglúk felt the need to call for reinforcements at all, he'd expect Mauhúr and the other lads to leg it double-quick. So Mauhúr kept his troop running at a good pace. It wasn't the fastest speed they could manage in desperate need; just a steady, league-eating run they could keep up for days on end. Keep it up for days on end, they did. Uglúk's thought-message had come when they were almost all the way back to Isengard, near the end of the day after the battle at the Fords of Isen. Mauhúr had sent their most seriously wounded warrior, Kharorod, to the Wizard's fortress with the news that they were reporting to their commander Uglúk, on his orders. The rest of them had set out for a pleasant night's run, feeling fresh and ready to take on all the horse-boys of Rohan. They had rested well the night before, and had fed even better. On the bank of the Isen at the edge of Nan Curunír, Mauhúr's lads had eaten together their victory feast in honour of that day's battle. Mauhúr had no real knowledge if the battle would count as a victory for their side. That would be for the strategists and history-writers to decide. But whatever the chronicles eventually had to say about it all, he believed their own small segment of the battle was an unquestioned victory. They had slain or put to flight all of the Whiteskins who'd faced them. Several of their troop had distinguished themselves in single combat, from the glimpses Mauhúr had of them while he was in the thick of his own combats. And in all of that, only one of their own warriors had been slain. As far as Mauhúr was concerned, that was what victory looked like. Besides, a rumour was going 'round that the son of the King of Rohan had been killed in the battle. If that turned out to be true, it was assuredly a triumph for their side, no matter if the battle itself ranked as victory or as loss. When they withdrew from the battlefield, heading upriver from the ford, Mauhúr's troop took with them the body of their last opponent slain in single combat. Mauhúr had witnessed that Man's fall. He was cut down at the water's edge by Jaddain, who had been Mauhúr's dear friend since the time of their earliest childhood memories. Naturally, the body of one conquered foeman was not sufficient to feed 39 Uruk-Hai warriors. That need was met with the flesh of the horse they captured: the steed of Jaddain's defeated foe. But the Fighting Uruk-Hai did not feast on their enemy's flesh for sustenance alone. The ritual Feast of Victory honoured their bravery and achievements—and the bravery and achievements of the warrior whose carcase they consumed. Roasting the flesh of the Man in the same cookfire as that of his horse caused many a predictable joke. Inspired by the love that the straw-heads notoriously felt for their steeds, Mauhúr's lads cracked numerous jibes on the poetic rightness of horse-boy and horse getting cooked together. With a brief but sharp rebuke, Mauhúr ended the joking. He knew damned well that it wouldn't take long for the jokes to get far worse. This feast was the first over which he'd presided without his father and other older warriors being present. He was going to do it right. The lads acquiesced to his will with relative good grace. It cost them only a small amount of struggling to regain their solemnity of mien. And if any more jokes were cracked, at least his fellows had the sense to utter them outside of Mauhúr's hearing. Mauhúr and Jaddain had shared their enemy's heart. The heart was Jaddain's right as the warrior who had struck him down, as it was Mauhúr's right as the commander of their company. A third portion of the heart they gave to the wounded Kharorod, hoping the ritual power of the gift could aid his healing. Though of course he would not speak of it, Mauhúr's thoughts were grim regarding Kharorod's chances. Kharorod bore his injury without complaint, as every one of the Fighting Uruk-Hai should do. But Mauhúr had seen the bloody spittle Kharorod hawked out now and then, when he thought no one was watching him. His commander dreaded that the sword-slash across his chest had nicked one of his lungs. Kharorod had volunteered to take the first shift on guard duty that night, as they camped along the bank of the Isen. Far later in the night, when Kharorod should have been long asleep, Mauhúr had seen him, sitting up against a boulder and gazing at the stars. Mauhúr thought he could guess why Kharorod had not lain down that night. Kharorod feared that if he lay flat, blood from his lung would pool where it should not, and it would prove the harder for him to go on unhindered on the morrow. When they left their campsite that morn, to march on to Isengard, they had left the severed head of their enemy, planted there on his own spear. The wind had woken with the dawn. When Mauhúr paused and looked back, he saw the pale hair of the Man of Rohan streaming out behind the head, like a proud banner borne aloft by the wind. Even so did the hair of the horse warriors fly in the wind as they rode, singing, into battle. Mauhúr smiled at the sight, and in his thoughts he bade their foe farewell. It was fitting to leave him thus, on guard over the land: the last of the honours paid to him by his conquerors. Although, Mauhúr knew well, the horse-boy would have been glad to avoid all of the honours they'd paid him. Now Uglúk had summoned them, to meet some mysterious need that set Mauhúr to pondering. And as he ran with his lads all about him and with Jaddain at his side, Mauhúr had more time than he wanted, to mull unwelcome thoughts. When this mission of Uglúk's was achieved—whatever the mission might be—and they came home to the hills above Isengard, Mauhúr's most dreaded duty awaited him. He must go to the house of Tsas, their warrior slain at the ford. He must bring Tsas' family the news of their son and brother's death. Against his will, Mauhúr rubbed his neck, thinking of the arrow that had skewered Tsas' windpipe. He thought of the young Uruk slamming down into the water; lying there with that startled look on his face and with blood welling from his mouth. In the throat, Mauhúr thought. Tsas would have to die from an arrow-wound in the throat. It was an ironic end for the warrior who had been the best singer of all their troop. With his voice strong and clear as a trumpet's-call, Tsas had pulled the singing of the rest of them together. He had even managed to keep them more-or-less on key. Mauhúr thought, We are the Fighting Uruk-Hai, but without him we certainly won't be the singing Uruk-Hai. Not unless his ghost comes back to lead us in our war songs. Mauhúr grinned as another thought hit him. Are we all going to die as Tsas did, he wondered, struck in the body parts most ironically appropriate for each of us? With a sidelong glance over at Jaddain, he thought, If that's so, then Jad will have to perish from a mortal wound in the private parts. Not that any of them had much opportunity to utilize those parts, as yet. But Jaddain was superbly confident that when he did have the opportunity, he would prove to be of unrivalled skill in their use. And, to be fair, most of the Urukeen* of the Five Villages seemed to share Jad's opinion. There was never any shortage of damsels eager to flutter their eyelashes right back at him when Jaddain fluttered his eyelashes at them. An unending troop of them stood ready to growl sweet nothings with him, whenever a chance presented itself. Even Mauhúr's little sister Sargil had taken to looking at Jaddain differently, of late. These days she tended to favour him with a new sort of smouldering, speculative gaze. It seemed she agreed with the other Urukeen, that he might just be a good catch. Before, she had viewed her brother's best friend with a mixture of disdain and rivalry, as her main competitor for Mauhúr's attention. Some of the trend of Mauhúr's thoughts must have grown visible on his face, for Jaddain asked him, "What are you grinning about?" Mauhúr decided to spare him the speculation about deadly wounds to his privates. Instead he told his friend, "I was thinking that when you've distinguished yourself in a few more battles, you'll be ready for promotion to the main company. And for marriage, too, of course." As they ran onward, Jaddain studied him with a pleased but surprised-looking smile. "Really?" Jaddain questioned. "Do you really think so?" "I do. Why, do not you believe you've done well?" "I do, but … so have many others." "Well, we will all have the chance to show our quality in the battles ahead. And there should be many of those." Mauhúr went on, "If you continue to perform as you did at the fords, I will