This is my first foray into Twilight in FanFiction. I normally write in Alice 2009 with one story (maybe two) in Alice 2009/Alice in Wonderland 2010 crossovers. I LIKE AU. A LOT. I also love taking a story and turning it on its ear. Now here is a thing about me. I have 2 stories going on now, Revelations and Tea Shoppe. Tea Shoppe is COMPLETELY original while Revelations is a sequel. Tea Shoppe is also being redone as an Edward/Bella story if I can ever post it on Twilighted. I also have some short stories that I write under Songs for Alice that are there to allow me some outlet. I write to music. Always. I live in a world of music. So while this won't be superfast updated, but probably updated if not every week, then as soon as possible after that. It may go faster or slower depending on my other stories. And I like large chapters. Now I just wrote my largest, 16K, but normally they go from 3k to 6k. Disclosure: Twilight is the property of Stephenie Meyers. Not mine. I never get to have the fun of being the original writer yet, I just play in everyone's sandboxes. Thanks as always to Alaina Downs for being a saint and reading through these. Thanks so much! I know Twilight isn't your thing, but I value your input so much. You truly are the best out there! I promise to try to keep the whineyness down in this fic! Thanks also to Duchessfaleen, I love you being my cheerleader. All I had to say is that I am writing, you said you would read. You didn't care it wasn't Alice. Well you did, but only because you had such a vague recollection of who is who. I will help! Of course it helped when I told you it would help with a Dark Hatter, but then…we like to get Dark Hatter going right? To any of my Awesome readers from Alice who came to read this because you like me, Thank you. You are the reason I can write, you guys are my support and you have helped me grow into the writer I am now. Without you guys, there would be no stories. Period. Well maybe Alice and Hatter since we have WELL established that I read it over and over. Thank you for even reading this far. If you don't read it, that's ok. I will catch you on Alice 2009. But if you want to take a chance, I would greatly appreciate it since you guys know me. Mucho thanks belong to CarlislaCooper for Feral Blood. Without this story, I would have never been exposed to a Carlisle/Bella match. I love them almost as much as I love my Hatter/Alice couples. Thank you for taking the time to listen to my ideas, I will try to stick to my plan, but my characters like to go somewhere else a lot. A LOT. Just ask my readers! Or myself for that matter... Thanks. Song I listened to for this chapter: All We Are by One Republic The Cullens have decided to graduate college this time when they move. This may or may not have been under the influence of Alice Cullen. Ok, in reality it is entirely due to her demands. You see, the Cullens have stayed in Alaska longer than normal due to Alice. They would have left to move earlier and had the "kids" start in high school so that they could stay longer. But, Alice had a vision, and then proceeded to tell them all they need to wait for a little longer. Edward had at first wanted to leave right away, but Alice came to him, and asked that he follow her lead in this. If he did so, the thing he has wanted in 109 years will be his. Edward had been shocked that she was aware of it, but he agreed quickly. Ending this loneliness will be a strong relief, to say the least. Jasper has no problem waiting. He is still working on his control; he has the least control of his bloodlust any of the Cullen family. And from Alice's subtle hints, he will need to perfect that control. He will not fail his Alice again, as he has time and time again in the past. Neither Alice nor anyone else in the family has blamed him in the past, but he has the feeling this is more important than anything else in the past. Plus he never went against anything his mate wants, within reason. Emmett, well Emmett just goes with the flow, he is that easy going. And with how Alice is acting, he is thinking this will be major. Nobody takes him seriously, even himself. But Emmett can do deep thoughts. It's just most of the time it is too much damn work. When Alice come to Carlisle, he just raises an eyebrow on his youngest in the family. She smiles and pats him on the cheek after he agrees, telling him he will not regret this. Carlisle has learned not to bet against the pixie. Ever. Rosalie is the problem. She is tired of Alaska. Tired of the snow and no people. She wants to go somewhere, anywhere. Alice tries everything to get her to agree. Finally she tells her that there is a reason and that Rosalie will be hurting at the very least one member of the family by NOT going along with Alice. Rosalie may be tough acting on the outside, but she loves every member of the family deeply. She stares at Alice then agrees. Alice dances through the house, happy. Soon their family will be whole. She promises to tell everyone when it is time to move. And she gets to work on getting everything ready. Carlisle is staring at a book in his study, reminiscing on those discussions. They were five years ago and he is getting a little anxious to leave. To be frank, he has just been feeling a slight pull towards the south for the last 22 years that has only gotten stronger. Before he can think anything more on it, Alice calmly walks into Carlisle's study and sits down. Carlisle looks up from his book and asks her, "Alice, Good Afternoon. How may I help you?" He puts down the book, waiting for her to talk. Their discussions are always interesting. Alice smiles at him and tells him simply, "It's time Carlisle." She folds her hands in her lap, waiting for his reaction, and hopes she can win this time. Just one time. Carlisle lifts an eyebrow, knowing that she is pushing, and calmly waits out Alice. The blonde leans back in his leather chair wearing his khaki slacks with a white and blue small checkered shirt, with a white scarf on. His golden eyes are twinkling in mischief as he watches her squirm. He recalls exactly what she is talking about, but if they are moving, Alice needs to remember that humans don't have perfect recall. Alice sighs, knowing what Carlisle is up to. Alice has her hair styled in a spiky mess, while she is wearing a bright red tunic sweater over heather gray leggings with red ballet shoes paired with it. She can't wait until this is over, but until then, "The move. It's time to move Carlisle. We are going to move to Seattle. You should be able to get a position there in your field, I would highly suggest the emergency room, but you can also be a professor. I have already started the paperwork on the house. You should be receiving the call from the realtor later today." She shouldn't even try, Jasper has tried to explain in the past why Carlisle will never let her win THAT particular contests. Carlisle cages his fingers in front of him, enjoying the ball of energy in front of him. Alice is a delight to him, and between her and the rest of the family, keeps up his spirits. Then Alice told him something shocking, "Carlisle, you will be our brother this time around. You need to be close to your age. There is a very good reason, but I know you will have some issues with your age and getting respect. Jasper is working with Jenks to get that straightened out. Our parents will be nebulous people who have passed away I think." Carlisle frowns as he tries to think of all the complications this may cause and then finally asks her, "Is this all necessary Alice? You know the less questions we raise the better it is." Alice looks at him, noticing the older clothing he is wearing and the age he imparts to the casual observer. "Carlisle. Jasper and Edward both tell me the demands of acting older than your age is telling. You need to have some time to step outside your normal role. You act like you are in your 30's even here in Alaska when there is no need. Let loose. There is a 23 year old man hidden in that 360 year old body." She relaxes in the chair and watches him. She has seen the outcome of this discussion, but Carlisle needs to come to his own conclusion, he has surprised her in the past so she needs to make sure... Carlisle closes his eyes. He has been feeling weary. He is also so tired of the act of being everyone's father. He leads the family. There is no denying that. He is the alpha of the coven. But, acting as the father of 5 teenagers that are truly not teenagers, that is hard. His instinctive ways of acting among them are not what the normal society will accept. He sighs in relief, knowing he will enjoy being just the head of the family, but not everyone's parent. Alice bounces in her chair, seeing his decision. This helps her out so much… in doing everything and making her vision more defined. She declares to Carlisle, "Shopping!" Carlisle can't help himself and he laughs. "Alice, like you really need an excuse for shopping. But, pray tell, is the occasion this time?" Before she answers, there is a knock on the door. Carlisle calls for Edward to enter, recognizing his oldest companion. Edward walks in, in a light grey thermal and a blue and grey flannel over it with dark washed jeans. His bronze hair is all over the place as normal. Carlisle chuckles over the clothing they all wear. They all seem to look like they step out of a fashion magazine. At least that is what the nurses in his hospitals have mentioned in the past. Alice dictates to them all what they wear at all times. He does have to admit that the admiring glances have gotten worse since then. Though he is not too sure that this is a bonus in his or Edward's situation. Edward glances around the room as he tells Carlisle, "She is redoing all of our wardrobes, but yours, my old friend, is getting completely trashed." He chuckles, sympathizing since he has had it done once. But, they all need to dress their parts, clothes help fool people on aging also. Carlisle is a perfect example of this. Alice is mentally reviewing everything Carlisle owns, but she has just reached the conclusion that Edward has already seen. She grins at him. "And everyone is coming along!" She grins as she hears the groans from all the men in the house. Rosalie laughs along with her, enjoying the fact they will get to torment them all at once. Edward gazes fondly on his sister. He loves her dearly. He knows there is something special about this move; she is way too excited for it. Then he hears her, " Edward, it's time. It will all work out, just trust me. You will not hurt her. I