A/N: Hello to anyone reading! Honestly I've been out of the PJO loop for a very long time, and I'm not even sure if this is still a thing that people use? This is the first thing I've written in over two years, so I'm kind of using this as a way to get back into writing. I'm a bit rusty, so any constructive criticism you can leave me would be very much appreciated, all reviews are welcome! Please note in my version of the story, they did not move to New Rome, and Tartarus was probably a bit more intense than it was in the book. I hope you all enjoy! All your life, you've had trouble accepting the bad with the good. The second something goes wrong, you prepare for the end. It's just how you've lived. But that's until you're living with Percy, and you realize even the worst fights are worth it for what you have with him. Through ever single fight, you love him, and wouldn't have it any other way. There's highs, like the time you forced him to go grocery shopping with you. He whined like a little kid when you dragged him out of bed early ("The store will still be there at a decent human time, Annabeth!" "You don't know that!") You usually do it yourself, since Percy isn't too aware of the existence of brands. "What difference does it make?" he would say, after the few times you gave him a grocery list and he came back with all cheap store-brand items. Not that there's anything wrong with store brand, you're just very particular about what tastes the best. And when he handed you a box of extra chunky cardboard tampons, you just stared at him. You're getting really sick of shopping though, and it's inconvenient to have only one person who knows how to stock your apartment with food. So you insist on him coming along, partially to train him and partially because doing domestic stuff like this with him makes you feel good and human, which is probably your favorite feeling in the world. Percy immediately goes for the freezer section, picking out ice creams and frozen chicken nuggets that make you wince. You tell him not to get Tyson chicken, but he's got his heart set on dinosaur nuggets and can't find another brand selling them. To get revenge, you put your favorite dessert in the cart instead of his. He frowns and fakes a gag when he sees the black raspberry ice cream sitting there. "I'm breaking up with you." He says, shaking his head. You just smile and pat his shoulder. Eventually he begs you to add a carton of cookies and cream as well, and it's not a battle worth fighting. "Why am I dating an 8-year-old?" You say, rolling your eyes like you're annoyed, but honestly, you're kind of having fun with him there. He winks and kisses your cheek in reply. The snack aisle doesn't go much better. Percy tries to put 4 boxes of the most sugar-filled cereals into the cart. That's another thing that drives you crazy about Percy doing the shopping—he forgets half the necessities and just comes home with a shit ton of junk food. Luckily, you're around to reign him in and tell him to pick one box. ("Okay, mom.") Percy pushes the cart because you drove here, and that's his attempt of balance in the relationship. It works in his favor though, because every time he turns into an empty aisle, he pushes off the ground and stands on the bottom bar of the cart, letting him fly past the endless walls of cereal boxes and canned goods. His wide smile fills you with warmth, and he looks adorable with one leg out like a figure skater, but you're overprotective and don't want the cart to topple over on him. "You're gonna fall and crack your head open," you warn, but he rolls his eyes, taking off again. "Learn to live a little, Annabeth, would you?" he says, teasing. "Seriously? You fought two wars and thousands of monsters, but want your obituary to say 'death by shopping cart'? Super heroic." He steps down, and you love him. There's lows, like the time you started a new project at work that dominated your time. You love your job- working at an architecture firm makes you feel like you're living your dream. Percy is happy for you, but never understands why you throw your entire self into whatever you're working on. You always put 110% into every project—you can't help it. Your newest project is particularly demanding. The client is a jackass, but a well-known and rich jackass. You're honored to be chosen for it, even if it makes you want to tear your arms off twenty times a day. Percy is concerned, but he leaves you be. He notices you're barely sleeping, barely eating, barely even talking to him. A few times you fall asleep at your desk, but you wake up in your bed next to him. Percy doesn't say much about it, just gently reminds you to take care of your basic needs before the design. The design element of the project—the most demanding part—usually only lasts a few days, and then Percy gets you back. This project, however, has been going on for over a week and has showed no signs of slowing down. You start to catch Percy glaring at you while you're hunched over your sketchbook, but immediately stops when he sees you look over. He holds his tongue for a few more days before his patience starts to ware. "You're still working on that building?" he says, walking in home from his work. "Yep." you reply, still drawing. "Any idea when it'll be done?" "Not sure. It's gotta be perfect." He starts talking about something—you kind of tune it out. Something about putting too much pressure on yourself. You can't focus on what he's saying- you just had a great idea for the main entrance to the building. "Could you like… pay attention to me, Annabeth?" Percy snaps. You look up at him, annoyed. "What? I'm busy right now, okay? I just need more time." "You've been at it for days, nonstop! I just miss you." "I know," you soften. "But just a few more days. I promise." Percy considers this, and figures it's the best he's going to get. He gently kisses your cheek and says, "Don't forget about dinner tomorrow, okay? At that nice restaurant you like." "Dinner. Got it. I won't forget." You forget. Your head and your hands are working so furiously you don't have time to consider anything except what's right in front of you. The building. You're so close and it's almost just right, but there's still a few things that need to be fixed. All the answers are just beyond your reach—you're almost there!—and you don't dare look away for even a minute, or it could all just slip away. Concentrating with your ADHD is hard, so once you're in the swing of things, you have to keep moving. It isn't you hear the door slam and see a furious Percy walk in, his hands raised in a what-the-hell gesture that you realize something is wrong. You tilt your head. Were you supposed to pick him up or something? Or—shit. Dinner. You feel horrible, but you really did need the time to work. "Really, Annabeth?" Percy spewed. You're not sure what to say, so you just look at him, hoping you don't look as guilty as you feel. "I'm sorry, I really am, I just had this great idea and it totally slipped my mind that—" "Do you have any idea how sick I am of third-wheeling with you and your sketchbook?" That comment makes you angry. This is your job! Sometimes work has to come first. You tell him that, and that's when things start to spiral. Whenever you fight with Percy, what starts off as bickering over one small thing turns into a war about everything you've ever disagreed on. Soon it goes from you working too hard, to Percy not working enough. Then that branches off into whose job is more important, which turns into who pays more bills. It's ugly and you hate fighting with him, but your pride makes it too hard to back off. The bills turn into who cleans more, which then goes to who does more for the other person, and ultimately ends at Percy saying, "Do you even care about me anymore?" This stops the fight dead in its tracks. You know that he knows the answer, or at least, you think he does until you meet his eyes and see the uncertainty. You didn't mean for it to go this far- you never do. You let all the anger that has swelled up in your chest out, in one deep exhale. You're not mad anymore, and from the looks of it, neither is Percy—he's just hurt. You don't even care about the building anymore, you just want Percy on your side again. "That's the dumbest question you've ever asked, Seaweed Brain, and there's been quite a few. Of course I do." You tell him, softly. He wraps his arms around you, and you do the same. It feels much better than completing some stupid building ever could (you'll still finish it, of course, just… not right now). Percy closes your sketchbook, and you love him. There's more highs, like the time the AC went out in your apartment on a sweltering hot day. The 90 degree heat wakes you up, covered in a thin layer of sweat. It doesn't help the situation that Percy's asleep practically on top of you with his arms tangled around your waist, suffocating you even more. Usually you love cuddling with him like this, but certainly not when it's so hot you can feel your skin melting. Percy calls to have the AC repaired, but apparently it's happening all over the city, and they can't come until tomorrow which leaves you and Percy to go about your business around the apartment in nothing but your underwear. It's Sunday- cleaning day- which you heavily enforce. Laying on the couch being miserable won't do any good, so you drag Percy up to help you clean the kitchen. You wash and he dries dishes, the way the routine always goes. This isn't the first time you've cleaned virtually naked with Percy—a lot of the times you all are too lazy to get dressed (and being able to see you in your underwear is a good motivator for Percy to help out). The radio is on and Percy is humming along with some annoying pop song. His eyebrows are scrunched together in concentration, making sure he doesn't forget to dry any spots. You've scolded him for that once before, when all the dishes he put away came out later with a mildew smell. " Really, Percy? A son of Poseidon can't dry dishes? Just evaporate the water or something!" " It doesn't work like that!" The song switches to one slightly more tolerable, so you join Percy in his rendition. What starts out as humming turns into belting the words while Percy harmonizes. He glances over at you and grins. Neither of you are very good, but your voices complement each other, so everything flows and it sounds kind of nice. The song switches a few times, but the two of you go along, unfazed. You'll admit it—the dishes go a bit neglected. Before you know it, you're not standing by the sink but instead in the middle of the kitchen, being twirled in circles by Percy. Dancing isn't on your list of talents, either, but it comes easy with him. It's just simple swing dancing, and you're able to stay loose while he leads. It feels like the most natural thing in