A/N This is my first time writing a story, so please don't be too critical. Feedback is greatly appreciated and if you are going to criticize the story, please tell me what is wrong with it and how it can be improved. Don't just say "This story is terrible and a waste of time", tell me why, and how I can improve it. Also, before you even begin to say that it is a terrible story, create your own and make sure it is better than this one. Then, you can call it terrible. Also, I haven't finished reading PJO, so don't be too upset if I mess up with a description or personality. Disclaimer: I do not own PJO (Percy Jackson and the Olympians) or HOO (Heroes of Olympus). All rights go to Rick Riordan. Legend: Italic: Thoughts/Communication Through Telepathy/Flashback Bold: New Category/Time Skip/Important (i.e. A/N , Chapter X , X Years Later, Flashback, etc.) Underlined: Important/New POV (i.e. "He needs to do it", Percy's POV, Artemis' POV , etc.) (Brackets): Explanation or author note. Prologue Third Person's POV The camp was in ruins. Fire was quickly spreading, nearing the cabins, the arena, the armory, and even the Amphitheater. Embers were flying everywhere among the frightened demigods, who were desperately trying to save their home that they had come to love. In the distance, someone could be seen yelling, no, screaming at 2 people, the flames increasing in intensity with every word he spoke. The person was completely oblivious to the scene around him, and the 1 demigod at a pine tree close to half-blood hill. On the tree, was the Golden Fleece. The item that protected the camp and shielded it from the multitude of monsters, waiting for the chance to sink their teeth into the delicate demigod flesh. The demigod wore a silver tiara upon her head, marking her as the lieutenant of the Hunters of Artemis. Thalia. She was putting out the flames at a speed that most could only dream of reaching, but the flames were still making headway. The flames kept getting closer to the tree, when water suddenly doused them. She turned around to see Peleus with a bucket of water. She sighed in relief knowing that the dragon was helping her, and turned back towards the flames to put them out. However, the flames weren't being pushed back even with the help of Peleus. Right before the flames engulfed the tree, rain started pouring down. The flames were instantly put out sparing the camp. There was no visible damage to the buildings, only the ground was burnt, but water was now pouring down in buckets. The rain was falling hard, when a cold wind picked up, whipping dust into the demigod's faces. The person who was yelling at the 2 people was running away. It was a young boy, and his face was a mixture of rage, disbelief and sadness, tears streaming down his cheeks. He walked into the Poseidon cabin and slammed the door. A few minutes later, unseen to the eyes of all others, he slipped out of the cabin and out of camp. 3 Years Later Chapter 1 Percy's POV I had just finished killing a group of monsters with Riptide and my new sword, Oblitus (Latin for "Forgotten"). In the distance, I could make out the area that Camp Half-Blood was located in. They'll probably be happier without me. I thought bitterly, remembering Annabeth. I remembered that night clearly, like it happened just yesterday. Flashback Percy's POV I had finally gained Athena's permission to marry her after doing a series of trials. Today was the day that I was finally going to propose to Annabeth. I took a black case out of my pocket and opened it. Inside was a ring. It had a silver band with a sea green gem. The words "To Last a Thousand Years" were inscribed on the band. It looked perfect. I had Hephaestus forge it for me before I had asked Annabeth to meet me at Fireworks Beach. When I got there, I saw her with another boy. Martin Clepta. He was a son of Zeus and had arrived a few days ago. He was kind and outgoing; easily accepted by the other campers. He looked curious when he saw me, as if wondering what was going to happen. He then looked at Annabeth, clearly wondering why he was here. When Annabeth saw me, she walked towards me slowly, grabbing Martin's hand. She looked at me with a face full of regret. "Percy, I have to tell you something," she said. "What is it?" I inquired. "I have something that I want to ask you afterwards as well." She sighed, and looked at me. "Percy, I want you to know that I'm dating Martin," she said pulling Martin closer to her. "We're breaking up." I just stared at her, devastated, and that's when hell broke loose. Flashback End Percy's POV I don't remember anything after when she told me that we were breaking up. I just found myself running away. It really hurt me, being ditched by Annabeth. I really thought that we had a connection. On top of that, my fatal flaw is loyalty, which increased the pain tenfold. At first, I didn't see why loyalty is a fatal flaw, but I know now. In fact, I wish that I still didn't know why loyalty is a fatal flaw. I packed up my camp and walked through the forest trying to clear my thoughts of that incident. As I exited the forest and neared the city, I saw a girl with electric blue eyes being beaten by her father. Probably a daughter of Zeus. As I continued to watch, her mother was trying to get the father to leave the little girl alone, but in the process, the man hit her in the head with a beer bottle. Just watching the scene enraged me. It was very similar to my life, with my abusive step-father. No one deserved to go through what I did, and that girl definitely didn't deserve it. I sprinted towards the house as fast as I could and broke down the door, swords in hand. You see, Oblitus is created by a mix of many metals, including mortal ones, enabling me to kill them with it. I had riptide just in case I needed it to defend myself from the man. I could hear the man running down the stairs to see what had happened, so I hid in the corner. He looked around and as he neared my hiding spot, I could literally smell the liquor coming off his breath. The man scanned over the area briefly, then went back upstairs. I silently followed, and what I saw was worse than what I originally thought. The girl appeared to be only 5 years old, covered with cuts, bruises and a couple of scars. The mother was on the floor, blood pooling around her body. There were shards of glass around her. When I looked more carefully, I saw that the blood came from a wound in her head. I tried getting a better look, just before a shot rang out. I looked up from my spot behind the door, and saw the man with a pistol in his hand. Smoke was coming out from the barrel. I looked back towards the mother to see a bullet in her head. I completely lost it. I ran up and smashed the man's head with my fist, before slowly heating up his blood to a boil. It was a new technique that I learned while alone. A human's body is 60% water, which means that I could control the water inside of them. I was glaring at the man as he buckled over in pain, his blood now boiling. He was screaming, and when he finally stopped, I saw the girl looking at me fearfully. I suddenly realized what I had just done. "Shhh… It's alright. I'm here to help, " I whispered to her as I cut the ropes binding her to a chair. "How… how can I trust you?" She sobbed, obviously scared out of her wits. "You're the man that he was selling me to" I froze. "You were being sold away to someone?" I asked. She merely nodded her head. I grew angrier, but forced myself to be calm. "I'm not that person," I said. "I'm here to help you. My name is Percy. Do you know about the Greek Gods? You know, Zeus, Poseidon, Artemis, those people?" "M-my name i-is… C-Crystal," she stuttered. "Also, I've heard about them. But they're just myths. They aren't real." "Hmm… well, they are actually real. I didn't believe it at first either, but they are," I confessed. "Your father is a man named Zeus. Now, you have a choice. You can go to a group known as the Hunters of Artemis and swear off the company of men, or go to Camp Half-Blood where there are other men." "I… I want to go to… the Hunters of Artemis," Crystal answered. "I don't trust males, the ones that I have met are abusive like my father, or don't consider the perspective of females. But you're different. Will I see you again?" "You may from time to time… If I'm not shot at," I mused. "Anyways, I'll take you to them now" If I can find them. "Ok… thanks!" She shouted joyfully. I looked at her again and remembered cuts all over her body. "Wait!" I called grabbing a bottle of water. "Let me heal your wounds" I poured the water on her cuts and she watched intrigued as they closed up, and all evidence of them had disappeared. "Alright, now we can go," I said, grabbing her hand and ran off into the forest. I found the hunters quickly, they were camping not too far from where I found Crystal. "Okay, Crystal, go into their camp and look for a pretty lady with auburn hair and silver eyes. Tell her that you want to join." I ordered her. "Also, don't mention my name." "Sure… but why?" "I… uh… Let's just say that I'm not on good terms with them." "Alright, I will and I won't," Crystal told me before running off into the camp. I looked at her from the bushes before heading off in a different direction. Artemis' POV My hunters were exhausted after our fight with a group of monsters. We were tracking a Hydra when we were ambushed and it turned around to fight us. We managed to kill them all without losing a single hunter, but many were injured in the fight. Camp was just set up when I saw a little girl who appeared to be 5 years old and a daughter of Zeus. She was looking around and then ran to me. "I would like to join the hunt," she said. I studied her carefully. I looked at her curiously before responding. "Before I let you join; I have a few questions. How did you find us, why do you want to join, and how do you know that you're a demigod?" I questioned her. I could tell that she is a demigod because of her electric blue eyes, but she was only 5 years old. How would she be able to know? "To answer your first question, I was brought here by someone. I want to join because almost all of the males that I have seen are abusive, egomaniacs, selfish, or are spoiled brats. I was told that I am a demigod by the person who brought me here. Unfortunately, I haven't had any practice with weapons," Crystal answered. "Who is that person who brought you here?" I inquired, deciding that she could be taught how to use a bow and hunting knives. "I don't know his name. He just explained to me the concept of gods, told me about demigods,