Disclaimer :I own nothing, barely own the OC. Enjoy! Summery : He met her in Lothlórien, and he and the elf fell in love. It was all in vain, but for that short moment, he found happiness in a young Elleth. She could never forget the man that stole her heart, and she could never forgive herself for letting him go. For the Time We Are Given Isilwen sat in silence upon a small bench next to the river. Her stormy blue eyes ran over the glistening water, over and over again. It felt like something was going to happen, but she didn't know what it was. The young elleth turned her head, her dark brown hair swaying with the motion of her head, as a familiar friend appeared from behind a tree, "Haldir," she spoke calmly. "You are with in the city for once, I am surprised." The male elf suppressed a laugh when she turned her eyes back to the river, "You are not in the library with your nose in book," he countered, "That is what surprises me." The elleth stood slowly, her movements as subtle as any elf could make them, "It isn't nice to make fun, my friend. Are you coming or going?" "Pardon?" A small smile graced her pink lips, "I meant… Are you just arriving from your duties, are you leaving to attend them?" "I am leaving to attend them, my lady," he chuckled. "Her Ladyship Galadriel believes that someone is coming." "Then what I felt was not of consequence," she spoke, mostly to herself. "And what has the wondering mind of my lady Isilwen been up to?" the elf asked casually. "It does not matter," Isilwen insisted with a good-natured smile. "Your brothers are waiting." "So it appears, I hope to see you on my return, my lady," he insisted before he bowed and left her company. The elleth watched him leave before she took her own leave the from side of the river and walked silently toward Galadriel's quarters. She was one of Galadriel's handmaidens and it was nearly time for her to meet with her queen. She walked as gracefully as any elf should, with no sign of her usual clumsiness. In truth Isilwen was known for being clumsy but after spending several years serving under Galadriel she had managed to find a small amount of her Elvin grace. Galadriel was with in the room where Isilwen always found her, "My lady," she spoke gently, giving the proper bow. "Isilwen," the Elvin lady spoke with a kind smile, "it is good to see you. There is much I wish to discuss with you," if possible a sad twinkle passed over Galadriel's usually very mystically blank eyes. "I am always ready to listen," she answered. Galadriel nodded and the two took their usual seats, "Something is going to pass soon… You have felt it too it seems. I do not know what this will mean for you, but whatever it is my advice is follow what feels right to you." At first, Isilwen did not know what to say. She had not expected their conversation to start off on the matters of her own life. The elleth nodded slowly, "Of course my lady…" "I say this as a friend," Galadriel reminded her. "You my serve me, but you are still my friend…" She smiled gently and nodded her head once, "I know, and I understand." XxXxX It had been a few days later, but she heard the whispers traveling along the city. Haldir had found travelers and that was why he had not returned as soon as he normally would. When she saw the troop walk in, it had surprised her considerably. They were all blindfolded. Two men, four hobbits, a dwarf, and Legolas of Mirkwood. It seemed so long since she had seen the prince she had to stop herself from calling out. To be sure, it was a strange sight to see all of them blindfolded as such. The elleth quickly shook her head and looked at Rumil as he approached her, "What strange way to bring visitors," Isilwen commented. "Is there a purpose? Or are they prisoners?" Rumil smiled, almost smugly, "We did not wish to permit the dwarf to know the way to the city and he would not follow unless everyone else was blind folded. Surprisingly, Legolas insisted upon it, if one was to be blinded then the rest were to be as well." She let a small smile grace her lips. The blindfolds were being removed before they moved up the stairs to Lord Celeborn and Lady Galadriel's tree. Her eyes locked with a pair of grey eyes for just a moment before she looked down. To her surprise, a blush crept up her neck and onto her cheeks. He was still looking at her when she looked up. It was one of the men. His hair was unkempt and a dirty blond, with a matching stubble of a beard. He seemed sad, almost, but curious of their city at the same time. Until the group began moving, Isilwen couldn't seem to tear her eyes from the man. "Do not let your foolish emotions get the best of you," Rumil warned, almost darkly. "They will not be staying long." Isilwen looked at the elf and narrowed her eyes, "You are one to speak such words, when you chase whatever elleth will permit you, Rumil. If your brother, Haldir, knew of your secret wanderings into my friend's bed he would have your head, if not both," before quickly walking off to attend to her chores for the day. XxXxX Boromir walked down silently from meeting Galadriel and Celeborn with the rest of the Fellowship. His mind was clouded with such confusion. The Elvin lady had spoken to him of so many things. She said something of hope for his people, and yet darkness. At the same time, the woman… no… His thoughts paused, the beautiful creature that he had seen before they arrived was still on his mind. He knew that the While Lady had seen this and she did not seem surprised by such a revelry. The Gondorian looked at the place he had been given for his bed and glanced at the sad faces of his companions. There was so much sadness and this place gave him no solace like he wished it would. Boromir did not know when they would depart from this haven but a part of him hoped it would be soon He turned his head at the sight of Aragorn speaking with the one elf that was on his mind. She had a kind smile on her face as she spoke with him and the Gondorian moved closer, "Estel," he heard her speak, but the rest was in the language of the elves. Suddenly the happiness that was there dropped at how Aragorn had responded. Finally her eyes turned in the direction he stood and he quickly busied himself with his pack, "My lord?" he heard a soft female voice speak to him. Boromir turned and found the same Elvin maiden standing in front of him. She barely met his collarbone, but her eyes… Her eyes caught him like they had in their passing earlier, "Yes my lady?" he asked gently. "Her ladyship has sent me to see if there is anything I can attend to. She said that some of you were wounded," she gave a gentle bow. "I am Isilwen, handmaiden to her Ladyship Galadriel." "Boromir," he answered with a soft tone, "of Gondor." "It is an honor of to meet you, my lord," she smiled. Her eyes glanced over his form. "You are hurt," she gently touched his shoulder, "if you will permit me I shall see to your wound." "I can take care of myself, my lady," Boromir began but was cut off by Aragorn who had touched his shoulder. "She is an excellent healer. Lady Isilwen will care for you properly," the ranger insisted. "You need the rest, and not tire yourself over your wound." The Gondorian nodded, "Of course… I think it better I bathe before she tends to me, first." "Of course, my lord," Isilwen laughed gently. Boromir's heart quickened at the sound of her laugh. "If you will follow me, I will take you to the springs." Boromir glanced at Aragorn before looking back at the Elvin lady, "Please, lead the way." Isilwen bowed and led him out of the small courtyard and then through the city. Finally they stopped in front of an archway and she urged him in, "I will wait. When you are done it is best you leave where your wounds are, uncovered." Boromir nodded his head, "Of course, I will not be long." "There is no need to hurry my lord," she added. "You have had a trying journey, and the sorrow upon your company is great. Gandalf was a great wizard, and a good friend." "You knew him?" "Yes, I did," a small smile crossed her lips for a moment and then it saddened, "he was a great help to me when I was just a young elf. Now please, do not feel rushed by me." Boromir left her presence and Isilwen let out a breath she did not realize she had kept in. The moment she had seen him, after speaking with Aragorn, or Estel in her case, her heartbeat had quickened, and a feeling with in her had started that she had never felt before. The young elleth was feeling things she never knew she could feel. She remembered back when Arwen had spoken of first meeting Estel. Her friend had said it was a strange feeling at first, but as she grew to know Estel Arwen had found that she was feeling love. Isilwen shook her head. It couldn't be possible, in her wildest dreams, she never thought her people would approve of such things. The elleth was so deep in thought she did not notice Boromir appearing from the springs, clad only in his trousers, "My lady, if it still within you to tend to me, I am done with my bath." She turned quickly and nodded, "Of course," before she entered the springs and took a seat at a bench next to a small bed, "Please take a seat, this shouldn't take too long." Boromir did as he was told and sat on the small bed, waiting for her attendance. Isilwen brought out the small med kit that was in each spring and bathing area. She quickly worked on cleaning out the wound on his shoulder with swift care. Her hands were soft, but nimble and quick. Her light touches sent shivers up the Gondorian's spine, but he did not let it show in his stature. She placed an Elvin bandage over the first wound and moved to the one on his abdomen. Boromir chuckled slightly at her touch, "Your ticklish," she commented as she continued working on the wound. "Forgive me," he spoke gently. Isilwen looked up at him, "My lord, there is no need to apologize," she smiled and finished. Then she moved to the last one that resided on his left shoulder blade. Boromir cleared his throat as he felt her soft hands move along his back. He didn't understand this. He'd had women work on his wounds before but Isilwen… Something about just having her around him, touching him as gently as did, sent shivers through him. An urge took over to turn around just stare at her but he pushed it down and remained as stoic as he could. "My lord?" her voice fell on his ear like a breeze, "I am done. Once you are fully dressed I'll lead you back." Boromir nodded and quickly turned to his things. He pulled his cotton shirt over his head and tugged it down. While he finished dressing Isilwen stood, attempting to rid the image of a shirtless