Hey everyone!~ Here is just something that came to mind the other night, I've always wanted to write a story involving the pack and write a story for my Oc involving the pack and sam, in this sotry emily does not exist, Leah does but the story will fallow the plot line of the movies more with snippets in from the books for plot, After this chapter the plot for my Oc will become more diverse, as her family comes into the mix. I hope you enjoy this chapter and please leave a review if you would, I would like feedback. Thank you!~ Ghost~~ I feel the light surrounding me I'm open now and feeling free I see the sound land on my skin A passion moves me from within You're the one in my heart, in my bones and in my soul You're the one that keeps me on my own~ to say I was scared would be the biggest understatement of the year, I was terrified, I had learned about everything in the supernatural sense since coming here to forks the vampires, werewolves but what no one knew was I had a secret of my own, one that went back in my bloodline I was born into one of the strongest werewolf clans in the state of Louisiana, dating back before the 1300's my family held they're own against the cold ones, I myself was brought up not to trust them, they were our enemy.. the catch? I hadn't embraced my inner wolf yet and for now, I was human. Now moving to forks probably wasn't the best decision, the coldest and rainiest place in the u.s under a constant blanket of clouds it made it easy for cold ones to blend much to my dismay, but where I had moved was a bit safer from them, Moving down onto the Quileute reservation I walk around the small house I had been able to rent for the time being. hanging a few pictures up, I walk back out and and retrieve another box which was a tad bit on the heavy side, A large moon stone drops out of the box and hit the ground with a thud. "shit" I mutter setting the box down "having some issues there?" I hear and look up coming face to face with a man a good four inches taller then me "No" I huff retrieving the stone I hear him laugh slightly turning back to him " can I help you with something?" "Yes actually, I am looking for Raina Jade" he says watching as I take the box in "who's asking?' I say setting the box down "My name is Jacob Black" he says "and there are a few things you need to know if your going to live here on the reservation" I turn around and hold my hand up "If it's about the werewolf legends I already know" I say folding my arms "Y..You.. how exactly do you know about that?" he says taking a step forward anger knitted into his features I hear a whoop from outside and see a group of guys walking into the clearing, I look back to Jacob who looks out the window, pushing past him I walk out and grab another box from my truck. "Yo Jacob, who is she?" One says looking me up and down I ignore him and pack the box so I didn't have to come back out "she's a nobody" I hear one say "If you like your tongue in your skull I suggest you keep your mouth shut." I hiss under my breath "Oh yeah? you gonna act on that?" I hear him hiss to me "Nah, your not worth the effort" I mutter turning around setting the box down I turn back around only to have said guy who I found out was named Paul in my face "You got a smart ass mouth " he growls "And you have a temper" I hiss in his face "back up" He laughs and pushes me back to which I snatch his arm folding it firmly behind his back and taking his feet out from under him "I'm warning you wolf boy" I growl Paul wipes his lip "how.." he hisses standing up he looks to Jacob "did you tell her something!" he says accusingly I pinch my brow "You all remind me of my brothers, lord" I say turning away from him "Don't turn your back to me woman" I hear him say I peek over my shoulder at him "do yourself a favor Paul, learn to control that temper of your's because it's going to get you killed" I say walking into my house promptly slamming my door shut. "How does she know about the legends?!" "Is she.." "The is no way, she doesn't come from one of the bloodline families" "She needs to be dealt with!" "QUIET!" A huge black wolf growls and bares his fangs "The girl is no threat, she is from a tribe in Louisiana, the only human born to a pack of wolves " he growls " leave her be" "BUT!" Paul says the man turns his attention on him "it's final!" Deciding to go for a walk I walk down through the forest, coming into a clearing I see a girl standing in the center of the dead field a pained expression on her face, I begin to head towards her until I see a dark skinned man with dreads watching her talking lowly. I walk forward knowing fully well this man was a cold one. putting her behind me I watch the man cock his head. "And you might be?" he says in a accented voice "Your worst nightmare if you harm this girl" I growl lowly "Your no threat" he says stalking forward "You wanna bet?" I hiss he raises his hand and easily tosses me across the field causing me to scream in pain, I roll over and groggily watch the scene unfold watching huge wolves come out from the woods chasing the leech off I watch the girl run over to me frantically trying to help me up before a man approaches touching her shoulder, and that is all she wrote for me.. I don"t remember anything after that. When I finally do wake up I'm in bed, I had always healed unnaturally fast one of the perks of being born born to a werewolf mother and father, Looking around I narrow my eyes hearing shuffling from my kitchen I cautiously walk out to see a man there. "You wanna tell me what your doing in my house?" I say folding my arms scowling He turns and looks at me "Your awake" he says carefully "Really? who are you?" I say scowling further "You know that frown will give you wrinkles " he says jokingly "quit dodging the question" I bark loudly "His name is Embry, " I hear from the doorway "And my name is Sam, Sam Uley" I look over and I swear to god my heart skips a few beats looking at the guy standing there "It's good your awake because I have a few questions for you" he says quirking an eyebrow "I didn't know I was being interrogated in my own home.." I mutter retrieving a mug from the drainer next to the sink "You know alot.. about things you shouldn't" he says coming into the kitchen I don't turn to him "You really don't think i'm just going to tell you everything i know right?" I say carefully tracing the pattern of the mug "You will if you want to continue living here " he says "Now.." turning around i glare at him "Do not threaten me when you know damn well who I am, unless someone else is alpha" I say tilting my head He smirks slightly "Oh you can be sure i'm the leader of this pack, Now question is can you be trusted?" He says coming slightly closer to me, I back up a little my back hitting the counter "Do I make you uncomfortable ?" he says I shake my head "No, Your not the first alpha I've met, two were my brother and father" "So you truly are from the Indigo tribe?" he says crossing his arms "Again yes, My last name is Jade my father is the head of our house and currently the leader of our pack. my brother has formed a pack of his own, still affiliated with the main branch, I, Unfortunately have yet to phase" I say nervously looking away from his gaze "that is unusual, but female wolves are so rare we have a female in our pack, she's well, my ex" he says shifting "It's not unusual where I'm from.. my mother is one of the strongest of our pack, she's fast, and fierce" I say smiling softly He eyes me once more " you come from a strong pack, even though you haven't embraced your destiny yet, you are strong, confident and smart when you do phase, I want you in my pack" he speaks in a deep voice "And what if I say no?" I say challenging him "I've never been one to fallow someone else's rules" He smirks again " I can be very, dominant when I need to be, do I need to make you?" I poke his chest "You couldn't force me, even if you tried" I say tauntingly smiling a bit he smiles a bit "You've got spunk, but I'm sure I could make you" he says turning to leave "Watch you're back when you're off the reservation, I'm sure I don't need to tell you why" I nod and walk him to the door "Thank you.. " I say looking down for a moment "For?" he asks tilting his head "Saving Bella and myself from that leech" I say softly "Jacob had a fit when he caught the leeches sent and then found Bella, finding you there was an unfortunate thing, I can't explain it but the sight of you in a fragile state angered me and I know we don't know each other but for both my sake and you're's be safe? " he asks softly I look up at him and tilt my head "surely you do not care for someone less then you?" I ask softly before looking away "Why would you think that?" he asks "You're an alpha, usually you wouldn't care about someone less then yourself.." I start but he cuts me off "I feel protective of you, weather it be in a romantic way or a brotherly way I have yet to figure out because you truly are strange" he says tucking a lock of my hair behind my ear " oh.. " I mutter softly He smiles and walks out leaving me standing there, Over the course of a few weeks I had become close to Bella swan, she had reluctantly told me of her brief romance with a vampire named edward cullen, Only after I had proved to her I could be trusted with of course the help of Jacob who filled me in on the gory details of how broken she had become after his departure, It physically made me ill for how sad she had been before Jacob helped her though I had literally beaten his ass for cutting her off when he joined sam's pack, Sam had gotten an earful from me as well. I could see Jacobs attraction to Bella, Hell Ray Charles could have seen it. standing in Bella's kitchen I look out the window and run some water in a glass hearing them come in through the door I walk in and see Bella and then a woman behind her." "Do you want to tell me exactly how you're alive?" the woman asks as bella hugs her tightly and asks if he was here which I