Find Me Summary: A little boy lost his mother. A man lost his brother. A Captain lost his hope. And as the pain became too much, he chose to hide inside a deep and a dark place. Will he manage to find the way back to the light? And does he want to? Disclaimer: None of the characters, places, and recognizable events mentioned belongs to me. This story is written only for enjoyment, mine, and hopefully yours as well. Rating: K+ Beta: Kalisona. Welcome back, mellon nín ! Many, many thanks and hugs! Note: This story was written for the March 2010 Teitho Contest "Return of the Light". It placed first. Thanks to those who read and voted! 2988. T.A. "Mama!" A child's clear voice sounded through the marketplace, making those who had come to the White City to trade their goods turn around and smile in amusement. The five-year-old was running wildly along the street, seemingly unimpeded by his torn and bleeding knees. Unruly waves of dark hair were flying around the chubby face, and the smooth cheeks were streaked with tears. "Mama!" Another boy ran to him, and his brow was furrowed in concern. He was older, but his height showed that he could have seen no more than ten winters. Yet the serious look and the pain behind the silver eyes revealed that he had felt and witnessed more sorrow than a child of his age should. He knelt down and spread out his arms, letting the running boy land into his embrace. "Shhh, what is it, little brother? What happened?" "I fell down!" The little one sobbed. "Look!" He pointed at his bleeding knees. To emphasize his point, the boy started crying even more loudly and tears streamed freely down his face. His older brother rocked him gently, suppressing a sad smile. Not that many years ago his own knees had been constantly covered in blood, as he ran and played along the streets of Minas Tirith. But now… now he felt no desire to play anymore. "Well, that is good," he said, ignoring his little brother's shocked expression. "No great hero has ever lived without receiving a wound at some point. Now you have received your first painful and grievous injury." He forced his voice to sound serious. "And you are ready to be a hero and to perform great deeds." "I want mama!" The injured child sniffed, unimpressed that he was now able to be a great hero. He felt his brother suddenly tense and looked up, alarmed. "Where is mama?" he breathed, easily letting his panic show. "She is sleeping now," the older child replied, trying to smile reassuringly. "You know that she has been ill of late. She needs her rest." "When will she get better?" the five-year-old asked. He did not understand. He had been sick and he knew what it was like – he coughed and sneezed and his nose acted funny, but after several days, it would all pass and he could run and play once again. But his mother – his mother had been sick for too long. "When will she get better?" he repeated, as he had received no reply. But when he looked up, he felt his heart freeze in confusion and fear. Grey eyes were turned far away, and were shining with moisture. He had never seen his brother cry before. "Will she get better?" he barely managed to whisper. And then, in the next instant, everything turned back to normal. Caring arms were around him once again, and his brother was strong, as he always had been. "She will get better, Faramir," the boy whispered fiercely. "She will." But even as he spoke, Boromir knew that he had uttered a lie. His mother's illness was not something that would come and go. She had always appeared frail to him, but in the recent years she had seemed to fade, slowly withering away. Her beauty was untouched, but her spirit was ever diminishing, and her sad, grey eyes were ever turned to the south, where her home had once been. A home she would never see again. Most probably, the boy realized as his heart twisted in pain, she would not even see next spring. -:- A dark day it was when Finduilas of Dol Amroth left the circles of this word. Grey clouds had gathered over the sky and cold winds blew, roughly striking the faces of the mourners. Cries of despair and sorrow mingled with the songs as the whole City grieved for the gentle and kind lady. Faramir stared ahead, his eyes unseeing. She was… gone. Never would he hear her voice again, singing lullabies and telling him stories at night. Never again would he feel her warm and comforting arms around him when he was hurt, never again would he feel her gentle caresses, brushing the pain away. The child could not comprehend it. Why? What wrong had he done that his mother did not want to be with him anymore and had left him? As the shock started to wear off, tears slid down his cheeks. Those were not the loud cries of a carefree child, striving to draw his parents' attention. No, they were silent tears, filled with grief and longing for something lost forever. He was not the carefree child anymore. The boy felt lost. Every time he had been sad and hurt, he had run to his mother. And never before had he felt such a grief. All of his instincts screamed at him to run to Finduilas, to bury his teary face in her dress and let her slender hands smooth his wavy hair. But she was gone now. And there was no one to run to. She was gone, and he was… lost. Like one of Uncle Imrahil's ships, whose anchor had been cut off, and was doomed to ever wander through the vast sea, never to find its harbor. Find me , he begged silently, to no one in particular. Find me. But his mother was gone and there was no one to find him now. And then, all of a sudden, there were firm arms around him, pulling him close. A wet face was buried in his hair and a soft whisper caressed his ears. "I am here, little brother. I am here." The child let himself relax in the familiar embrace, and despite the grief he felt a great weight lift off his heart. He was found. He did have an anchor after all. -:-:-:- 2989. T.A. The child lifted a small fist and hesitantly knocked on the heavy wooden door. As he heard the answer, he rose on his tiptoes and turned the knob. Denethor was sitting in a chair, staring through the window into the starless night. He did not turn around as his son walked into the room. "What is it, Faramir?" the Steward asked. "I cannot sleep," the six-year-old murmured shyly, almost afraid to speak. "Will you tell me a story?' "You are too old for that," his father replied sternly. "Now go back to your bed." Faramir stood at the door, tears starting to sting at his eyes. Only a year ago his father would often smile at him. He would lift him and place him on his knee, telling him stories of great adventures. And then they would laugh. Now his father never laughed. Not that he had not been grim and silent before. He had been, and yet on some days he had shown affection, he had shown love, and he had shown joy. Now he never smiled, never held his son, and never even truly talked to him except for an occasional order or a reprimand. Faramir sniffed as he realized the bitter truth – he had lost both of his parents on the same day. "You used to tell me stories while mama was still alive," the boy said and as soon as the words left his lips, he knew that he had made a mistake. His father turned around, his eyes burning in dark rage. "How dare you?" He hissed. "Never speak of your mother again, little rascal! You knew nothing about her!" There were tears in the Steward's eyes, and he was breathing hard. Faramir stepped back, his eyes wide in fear. He slipped out of the room and pushed the door closed behind him with a sigh of relief. The child turned to go back to his room, when a hand on his shoulder stopped him. "Which story do you wish to hear, little brother?" Despite the weight on his heart, Faramir grinned. "But you have lessons tomorrow and have to get up early," he protested half-heartedly. "I can manage with only a few hours of sleep," Boromir replied proudly. "Let me tell you something, little brother. Sleep is a waste of time. Time that I can spend with you." The stories did not help little Faramir go to sleep. On the contrary, they kept him and his brother awake for long hours, joyously discussing the tales and laughing in excitement. Still, neither of the two seemed to mind. -:-:-:- 2999. T.A. "Father!" The youth strode forward, and his eyes were shining in excitement. There was an old book in his hand. "Father, you have to see what Mithrandir showed me!" Denethor stared at him, his eyes blazing. "Mithrandir!" he spat. "All I hear is Mithrandir this, Mithrandir that! What reasons made you choose this wizard for your mentor? Is my counsel not wise enough for you?" Faramir bowed his head, defeated. "Forgive me, father. I meant no disrespect." "You will do well to practice your skills with the blade and the bow, instead of reading whatever lies Mithrandir wishes to feed into your head!" the Steward continued. The youth was about to reply, but reconsidered and looked down. "As you wish, father," he murmured. He should have expected this. It had happened many times before. He was young; he kept discovering the world, learning new things. They were exciting him, enchanting him. And he felt the need to share them with his father, to share what amazed him, to share what gave him joy. And he kept going to his father, but every single time he discovered the same truth over and over again – if something fascinated him, his father found it uninteresting or even harmful. And it hurt. The knowledge that his father could not understand his beliefs, his passions, hurt like salt in a wound. It hurt so much that every single time he swore to himself that he would never do this again. He would never again go to his father to seek understanding and a shared joy for he did not wish to be hurt once again. But every single time he broke that oath. He felt the need to talk to his father, to share. And so Faramir gave him another chance. And another. And yet, it always ended in the same way. He should have expected this. He had expected this. Still, it hurt nonetheless. And all that he wanted was to make his father happy. To make him proud. To make him feel joy that he had raised such a son. But Faramir kept discovering and rediscovering that he could never make his father proud by being who he was and by pursuing what gave him pleasure. A gentle touch at his elbow redirected his attention, anchoring him in place in his sea of doubts. "Will you tell me what this book is about, little brother?" The young man snorted sadly. "You are interested in history as much as father is." Boromir shook his head. "Everything that interests you interests me too." He nodded encouragingly. "Tell me." Faramir smiled. -:-:-:- February 26, 3019. T.A. "Father!" The doors of the hall were slammed opened, and a disheveled man stormed inside, breathing hard. Denethor looked up, frowning, and was about to rebuke his