The Only Way to Kill the Dragon Summary: "I would do anything for King Elessar," the elf stated passionately. Legolas did not know that his sacrifice would not only be unable help his friend, but would also lead both of them to mortal danger. Disclaimer: All recognizable characters and places are not mine. I am sure the elf and the ranger are especially happy about that. Warnings: Some angst, blood and violence, but not more than usual. Note: This story is taking place after "Friendship is a Family Trait" , and, therefore, will have a few references to it in the first chapter. You DO NOT need to have read "Friendship is a Family Trait" to understand this story and all references will be explained in the end of the chapter. Acknowledgement: Special thanks to oxpecker and Firniswin for helping me choose a name for my dragon. Finally I chose a variation of a name suggested by ox. Beta: Kalisona Chapter 1: A Fatal Mistake "He is here!" Bright grey eyes widened in joy and the youthful voice was loud and excited. " Ada , I can see him! He is coming!" Aragorn slowly walked to the window and leaned next to his almost-ten-year-old son. His eyes narrowed as he tried to focus on the distant dot. True, his eyes had always been keen, but he had to admit that Eldarion's sight was even better. Finally, he was able to make out the approaching shape. "Stubborn dwarf!" The King muttered under his breath and shook his head in disbelief. "I cannot believe he came all the way from Rohan on foot!" "And how else was I supposed to come?" Gimli grunted, when he had finally met with his friends. "Surely you do not expect me to climb on one of those beasts!" "Climb?" Aragorn asked with a raised eyebrow. He had never before compared mounting a horse with climbing. "It must have taken you such a long time, Gimli," Eldarion said compassionately before the dwarf could respond. "I suppose you could not walk very fast. Your legs are so short!" King and dwarf stared at the boy in disbelief. Aragorn knew very well how much words such as these could offend his short friend, and was sure that Eldarion was well-aware of that. Eldarion chuckled guiltily at the bright red the dwarf's bearded face had become. "I'm sorry, Gimli, I didn't mean it that way. It is just that…" He hesitated and scratched his cheek, looking at the floor insecurely. "It is just that I miss Legolas too much and I am trying to make up for his absence." Aragorn could not help but laugh at this. "And you seem to be good at that, ion nîn . If that is the case, you are forgiven." "What do you mean he is forgiven?!" Gimli was trying to control his anger, and hopefully change his face color, but it seemed hard. "And Aragorn, if the blasted elf is your son's role model, I am seriously worried about the boy! You need to do something about it!" "Peace, my friend." The King clasped the shorter being's shoulder in a pacifying gesture. "He meant no harm. But I will take your words seriously and try to do something about it. Now, we don't want Eldarion to become too much like the 'blasted elf', do we?" His words seemed to have the desired effect, and the dwarf smiled. Eldarion's smile, however, was even wider. "I'll tell Legolas you said that!" He announced happily, and his father shook his head in amusement. "Speaking about the elf, where is he?" Gimli asked suddenly. "Has he arrived yet?" "I am afraid he will be delayed. I asked him to do something for me before he arrives," Aragorn said, and his gaze darkened slightly as he remembered all the problems his kingdom was facing. He could only hope that Legolas would be able to help him with one of the most serious ones. "He should be here in a day or two," he added. "Even in the worst case, he will arrive on time." Eldarion grinned. Yes, on time. On time for his birthday. The boy was turning ten in two weeks, so the elf had plenty of time to arrive. Eldarion had a hard time hiding his enthusiasm. He had not seen his fair friend in three months, not since all of them had recovered from the capture under Dargmor's Corsairs, and he longed to see him again. Legolas, however, had a task to fulfill before his arrival. Winter was coming, and this year Gondor's people would be faced with serious problems concerning heating. The coal supplies in the land were meager, and previous years they had always imported coal from Shapkar, a large town in northern Umbar, well known for its coal mines. This year, however, Dolen, the town's ruler, had refused to send them any coal supplies, claiming that he was faced with more serious problems on his own. Aragorn would have traveled to Shapkar himself to discuss the situation with the men there and hope that an agreement would be reached, but he had a few meetings in Minas Tirith the following week, and this combined with the preparations for his son's tenth birthday did not let him travel. Faramir was also busy, and since he needed someone he trusted completely for these negotiations, he had asked Legolas to do it before he traveled to Minas Tirith. If Dolen refused to sign an agreement, Gondor would be in serious trouble this winter. They had to do everything possible to prevent that. He did not know that in that moment, the agreement with Gondor was the last of Dolen's problems. "Faster!" One of the men cried agitatedly. "Faster or she will come out!" Men, women, and children, all dirty and exhausted, worked shoulder to shoulder to seal the entrance of a large cave. They brought boulder after boulder, placing one on top of the other with speed that did not correspond to their condition. Bloodied hands handed the next rock, tired eyes blinked away the sweat that was flowing over them. Sighs of exhaustion and nervous cries broke the silence. Suddenly the ground shook and all workers stared at each other with huge, frightened eyes. Bloodied hands dropped the rocks and wiped the sweat from tired brows. "Run!" A girl no older than twenty shouted in horror. The wind whipped her raven hair as she turned towards the workers, and she hastily moved it away from her face. " She is coming!" The words took everyone out of their stupor and they tried to run back, screaming in panic. Everyone was pushing the others, trying to get as far away from the cave as possible, hearts pounding in fear. The weaker ones fell down and the rest rushed mercilessly over the fallen bodies in a desperate attempt to save themselves. Whimpers of pain and despair filled the air. "Mama!" A seven-year-old boy cried frightened, and rushed towards a tall woman with tired face and dirty clothes. However, he crashed into the body of a large man and fell to the ground, momentarily stunned. He tried to rise, but a heavy foot stepped on his head, crashing it to the stony ground and sending him into oblivion. A woman screamed in terror and tried to reach her fallen son's side, but it was impossible to move in the chaos of horrified people. She stumbled and fell to her knees, trying to blink away the tears in her eyes. The girl who had first called the warning crouched next to an old man who was barely standing on his feet. "Grandfather, come, we must hurry," she hissed urgently, making him rise. The man, however, shook his head and sighed tiredly. He could not go on. And then she appeared. It first seemed that a rainy cloud had sailed to the sea, hiding the sun. But then everyone noticed that the dark shadow had a shape, a terrifying shape. Two huge wings, almost like the shape of a bat's wings, but narrower and longer. A huge head, with a jaw that could crash a cow's spine without the slightest effort. A long and heavy tail, which could with a single move fall a dozen of well-armed men. Sbatha . True, Sbatha was not as large and frightening as the dragons of old, but she could still send the men of Shapkar into terror with blood-freezing ease. And, just as every other time, the men were indeed terrified. They were all staying like frozen, staring at the horrifying shape in the sky. And then she descended. The huge mouth opened and the sharp teeth closed around the body of a young man, who screamed for the last time in his unnaturally short life. Then the dark shape rose again and flew back to the cave. The people of Shapkar watched in awe, their sympathy for the young man mixed with immense relief, relief that it was not them, that once again they had been spared. The path was covered with yellow, orange, and red fallen leaves, which created a soft, colorful carpet that muffled the white stallion's steps. The rider caressed his horse's mane and sighed contently. The autumn sun warmed his face, and his lips curved into a slight smile. "We are almost there, mellon nîn ," he whispered, and the horse neighed happily. "We just need to do this quick and boring task, and we will travel to Minas Tirith, and we will see Aragorn and Gimli again. You haven't seen them in quite a while, I'm afraid. And you need to meet Aragorn's son. He is a wonderful boy, although he resembles his father in more aspects than what I would consider healthy." The stallion grunted worriedly and turned back to look at his rider. Legolas smiled. "Worry not, my friend, I will not get into trouble. Aragorn is a king now, and has learned a lot of responsibility. He is not anymore the ranger who always managed to bump into every possible band of orcs in radius of ten leagues." The stallion grunted in disbelief and neighed something that made his rider frown. "Arod!" The elf cried. "I need to teach you some manners! You cannot talk about my friends that way." Arod neighed grumpily and Legolas shook his head. "Yes, I know that I have also called him a 'reckless human', but that doesn't mean that you can call him that as well." The horse made an indistinguishable sound, and Legolas sighed. "No, you may not call him as you want. And yes, I think you will have a chance to see Hasufel again. Unless, of course, I decide to tell Aragorn what you said about him, and then he might decide not to let you go into the stables." Arod blinked and turned huge, pitiful eyes towards his master, neighing softly. "Oh, yes, I will," Legolas said wickedly. The horse grunted angrily, but his neighing grew worried again. "Worse things than orcs?" The elf asked in surprise. "Like what?" He listened to his horse's answer and fair eyebrows were raised in surprise. "What do you mean you have a bad feeling? You are a horse!" Arod was positively angry by now and looked forward, refusing to meet his rider's gaze. Legolas sighed and gently stoked the splendid white mane. "I am sorry, mellon nîn . I did not mean to hurt your feelings. I just meant that if something that bad was going to happen, I would have felt it as well." The horse obviously decided to forgive him, and neighed something in answer. "No," Legolas said and shook his head. "It is not because I am blinded by my happiness that I will be meeting the 'insane reckless human' and the 'short and clumsy thing', and I told you not to call them that!" Arod refused to answer and trotted forward. Legolas