Blind Hate Summary: A web, woven of hatred and deceit, grows larger and larger until the prey is ready to fall into it. And when the predator is a dangerous and a clever man, bound on revenge, and the prey is the King of Gondor, Aragorn will have to remember a strange skill that he has learned long ago to save himself and those whom he loves. But even that might not be enough. Disclaimer: All recognizable characters belong to the Tolkien Estate. Everything and everyone is returned in one piece. Rating: T (for blood and violence) Note: This story was originally written for the July 2010 Teitho Contest, " Five Ingredients – Your Recipe ". However, it went past the page limit, and was not entered as a part of the contest. It was finished a long time ago but I decided to post it today to celebrate 4 years since I started writing fanfiction :) The challenge was to write a story containing the following elements: missing toy, lame horse, person with disability, knocked-over candle, broken musical instrument . The story is complete . It will be posted in seven chapters and will be updated weekly . Chapters List: Chapter 1: Disturbing Tidings Chapter 2: Heart of Ice Chapter 3: Dark Memories Chapter 4: More Than Duty Chapter 5: Revenge Chapter 6: "Friendship is Never Enough" Chapter 7: "Friendship is Always Enough" Characters: Aragorn, Eldarion, Legolas, Faramir, Arwen, Éowyn, Elboron, OCs (listed loosely in order of importance although the first four are about equally major) Genres: angst, adventure, mystery, hurt/comfort, friendship, family Dedicated to Firefly-Maj (and Tiny of course!) Chapter 1: Disturbing Tidings Knock. Knock-knock. Knock-knock-knock. Arwen sighed in defeat and looked up. She had agreed to help Aragorn with some paperwork, but at this rate she would not get anything done today. Since early morning, she had been looking through reports from courthouses in towns and villages throughout the land. They gave accounts of trials that had not been resolved and needed to be taken to the King. Arwen looked through the complains, the claims and the evidence, and tried to sort them out, deciding which of those indeed had to be brought to the King's attention, and which were too absurd and petty and could be ignored. She had started with perfectly good intentions, and was initially planning to get through the large pile by sunset, but it seemed the Valar had other schemes. The Queen had barely managed to read only a couple of reports as every ten minutes her eight-year-old son stormed into the room with questions or stories to tell. "Come in!" she called tiredly, and Eldarion rushed inside. An exasperated girl followed closely. "I apologize, my lady, but I could not stop him," the nanny said, and Arwen smiled sympathetically. "I know, Moriel, it is well." She turned to her son. "What is it now, Eldarion?" The boy looked more agitated than usual and his eyes were shining with moisture. " Nana , Floppy is missing!" he cried. "Floppy?" Arwen looked at the nanny for help. "His stuffed rabbit," Moriel supplied. "The Prince wanted to play with it, but could not find it anywhere." Arwen sighed and stood up. Again. So many times throughout the years Eldarion had gone to her, close to tears, and saying that this or that was missing and that he had looked everywhere. And every single time she would go to his room, look for it, and find it almost right away. A fond smile appeared on the Queen's face. The child was absent-minded, and his mind was wandering to faraway dreams and places and rarely focusing on the present, but she would have him no other way. There would be time to grow up, but not yet. "I will help you find him," she said and threw the pile of paper one last glance. It seemed not much work would be done on this day, but she could not lie to herself – she welcomed the excuse for a break. "You will not find him!" Eldarion sniffed. "I looked everywhere! He is gone! Maybe he was angry with me because I didn't give him carrots last week! But I didn't want to spoil him!" Arwen chuckled. "I am sure Floppy knows that you love him, darling, and that you try to do only what is best for him. He is not angry with you." "He warned me," the child murmured sadly, not listening to his mother. "He said that if I would not give him carrots, he would take one of the horses and leave for Rohan! I should have known he meant it!" "I did not know Floppy could ride," Arwen said seriously, trying to stifle her laughter. "If I cannot find him, I will check if any of the horses are missing." "No use," the boy said with a sigh. "Floppy would not take a horse from the royal stables. He is smart and will make sure he hides all tracks. He would probably buy a horse from one of the citizens." "Then we shall question everyone, and ask them if anyone has recently sold a horse to a stuffed rabbit," said the Queen, now completely unable to hide her broad smile. By that time they had reached the boy's room, and the trio stepped inside. Arwen looked to the left and immediately spotted a stuffed rabbit on the bookshelf. "Is this one of Floppy's friends?" she asked. "Perhaps we could question him?" "Floppy!" The boy cried suddenly and grabbed the rabbit. "No, nana , this is Floppy himself! He is back!" "Or rather, he was never gone," said Arwen with a wink. Eldarion frowned. "I am telling you, nana , I looked for him and he was not here! Why don't you believe me?" He sighed angrily, but the frown disappeared from his youthful face as quickly as it had come, and was replaced by a bright smile. "Well, it matters not now! I am glad you are back, Floppy! I will give you all the carrots you want! But first, I am going out riding with Baranir and Gornon." "Riding?" Moriel asked in disbelief. "I thought you wanted to play with your rabbit and that was what the fuss was all about!" Arwen laughed. "But, my dear, he wanted to play with his rabbit ten minutes ago . This was ages ago, and of course now he would want to do something else!" The two women exchanged a grin and watched affectionately as the boy rummaged through a small wooden chest to find treats for his horse. -:- "I have never been so far away from the city!" Gornon cried excitedly. "I often come riding here," Eldarion said proudly. "But my parents never let me come here without Baranir." The older boy grinned. The royal family knew that Eldarion needed his freedom and wished to have some time without an adult watching his every step, and they often left him in the care of the fourteen-year-old Baranir. "I hope my company does not trouble you, your highness," he said lightly. "Of course not," said Eldarion. "What annoys me is that my parents never trust me! I turned eight last week! I am a man already. Besides," he added unhappily, "these woods are very safe." "And it is a pity," Baranir replied. "I was hoping we would meet some orcs, so that I could try out my new sword." "You sword !" The two younger boys cried at the same time. "Your parents let you have a sword!" "Father gave it to me as a present on my last birthday." Baranir took off his pack. "I am only allowed to use it in the presence of an adult, and he has no idea that I have it now." "You are so brave!" Eldarion shouted and his eyes widened as Baranir took out his blade, wrapped in cloth. "May I try it?" "It is heavy for you, and I will be in trouble if anyone finds out I gave you a blade. This sword is only for grown-ups," Baranir said solemnly. Eldarion pouted. "First, I am old enough! Second, no one will find out if you let me use the sword. And third, if you do not give it to me, your parents might learn that you took the blade here." The older boy glared at him. "You wouldn't!" The prince smiled innocently. "I am only a little boy. I cannot control what I say, can I?" "I thought you were a man ," Baranir murmured darkly. "Alright, here it is." But before he could hand the weapon to Eldarion, the three horses stopped in their tracks, neighing nervously. The boys froze. Music. A strange melody suddenly filled the sunlit glade. Beautiful it was, but at the same time sounded filled with rage and hatred, and something deeper that Eldarion could not place. It was from a woodwind instrument, but where it was coming from, they could not see. Suddenly another sound interrupted the melody. A harsher, coarser sound, and yet it fitted perfectly the wrathful mood. A dog's growl. Six huge black dogs stepped around the boys, surrounding them. Their teeth were bared, and their faces twisted in fierce expressions. Eldarion immediately knew that something was wrong. He had played with many dogs in the City, but those animals felt somehow different. Their eyes were wide and glazed over, as if under a spell. "Do not fear us, boy," he called to the dog nearest to him. "We will not hurt you." The beast snarled at him, clearly showing that he was anything but afraid. The horses whined and retreated backwards, towards the center of the circle they had formed. And then, all dogs charged. They jumped forward and their sharp teeth sank into horse flesh, but all six of them had attacked only one of the mounts. Meril, Eldarion's mare. The horse neighed frightened and tried to kick at the beasts, but they were quicker and always evaded her hooves. Eldarion let go of the reins and clutched at the pommel with both hands, desperately trying to stay on the saddle. From the corner of his eye he could see Baranir slash at one of the dogs with his sword. A red stripe split the black coat, but the wound did not diminish the dog's strength and fierceness. The melody continued, bold and strong and beautiful, fierce and angry. It reminded the boy of those plays that he had sometimes seen in the royal theatre, in which musicians played during the most dramatic moments to increase the tension. Eldarion cried as a bolder dog jumped up and was able to scratch his leg. The dogs were attacking only him, but he could see that his friends could not defend him. "Go!" he shouted, unable to keep the panic and tears out of his voice. "Find help!" The boys seemed to hesitate, but then the young prince turned and his gaze met with Baranir's. Eldarion's eyes were wide and frightened, but his determination was unshaken. "Go," he repeated softly. "I need help." Baranir nodded, his gaze full of horror, and turned back, galloping towards the city. Gornon followed closely. Eldarion felt his heartbeat accelerate. He was alone. Suddenly, the music stopped. -:- Aragorn leaned back in his armchair, interlacing his fingers in thought. "The price is reasonable, Lord Ghasaan," he said. "But there is something I cannot understand. How are you going to transport the goods here?" The Haradrim grinned widely and his bright white teeth contrasted sharply with his heavily tanned face. "We have thought of everything, my Lord Elessar. The baskets would be brought by camels through the desert, then moved to horse carts as we reach the plains, and thus taken to where The Poros River flows into the Anduin. Then they would be laden on a ship and taken to your City." The King seemed uncertain. "This would have