The Road Not Taken Rated: T Disclaimer: They are not mine. Underlined text is taken directly from the FotR book. The title is from a poem by Robert Frost. Summary: Sometimes borders imposed by cultural differences and prejudice are harder to cross than borders between different lands. How was a Dwarf admitted to the world of Elves? It was not an easy path, but it was already walked by another mortal. A Man, who ventured on the road not taken. Note: This story was written for Teitho Challenge "Crossing Borders". It won the third place. The Fellowship had finally reached the gates of Moria, and Gandalf gazed thoughtfully at the end of the road. " Well, here we are at last! Here the Elven-way from Hollin ended. Holly was the token of the people of that land, and they planted it here to mark the end of their domain; for the West-door was made chiefly for their use in their traffic with the Lords of Moria. Those were happier days, when there was still close friendship at times between folk of different race, even between Dwarves and Elves." Happier days? Legolas wondered sceptically. I am not surprised they did not last. " It was not the fault of the Dwarves that the friendship waned ," Gimli pointed out. " I have not heard that it was the fault of the Elves ," Legolas countered immediately, shooting the Dwarf a quick glare. " I have heard both, and I will not give judgment now ," Gandalf tried to put an end to the argument. " But I beg you two, Legolas and Gimli, at least to be friends, and to help me. I need you both ." The Wizard slowly walked to the rock and tried to find the gate. Gimli joined him, hoping to be able to contribute with his knowledge of Dwarven doors. The Elf gave them a last glance and walked next to Aragorn. "How could he ask this of me?" He asked quietly. "He cannot expect me to befriend a Dwarf!" "Gandalf is right, Legolas," the Man answered softly, as if not to disturb the wizard's concentration. "You must try to be friendly to Gimli." "You are on his side then," the Elf stated, sounding slightly angry. "There are no sides, Legolas. You know very well that if there were different sides, I would have been on yours. But we are all on the same side now, mellon nin . We are facing the same Enemy, and if we want to succeed, we need to stand together." "This Dwarf shouldn't have been included in the Fellowship at all!" Legolas stated firmly. "Elves and Dwarves are not supposed to be on the same side. Dwarves are greedy creatures who care only about themselves and how to accumulate more gold! We have nothing in common. We live in different worlds, separated by a border that has not been crossed for ages!" "Then you must be the first one to cross it, my friend. Or, if you are afraid, you must allow Gimli cross it instead of you. The Evil we are facing threatens the entire Middle-earth, and only if all races unite, we can fight it." "I told you I would never befriend a Dwarf!" Legolas snapped. "You believed once that you would never befriend a human," the Man reminded him softly, a hint of sadness in his voice. His gaze drifted briefly towards Gandalf, who was still trying to open the gate. Speak, friend, and enter , the Wizard muttered thoughtfully and closed his eyes, searching through his knowledge and memory for the opening word. "This is entirely different," the Elf protested. "Aragorn, you cannot be compared to a Dwarf," the last word was filled with contempt. "Yes, I didn't trust you, I even feared you, but I never despised you." "You did despise me, Legolas." His voice was soft and slightly unsteady, and to his friend it sounded filled with pain. Legolas looked down at the memory. "True, I despised you," his voice was thick with shame. "This is the greatest wrong I have ever done." "You are on your way to do another great wrong, mellon nin ," Aragorn whispered. Suddenly Gandalf jumped to his feet with surprising agility, startling them both. " I have it !" he shouted excitedly. " Of course, of course! Absurdly simple, like most riddles when you see the answer." Without bothering to give any explanation to his confused friends, the Wizard walked to the gates and clearly stated the opening word. " Mellon !" Suddenly the outline of a doorway appeared on the rocks. The doors divided, revealing stairs that disappeared into the darkness. Everyone gasped in surprise. Gandalf smiled and walked forward. Legolas followed silently. What right do I have to enter the Mines if I am no friend to the Dwarves who built it? Somehow he was feeling like a burglar, who had entered someone else's home uninvited. He was quickly jerked out of his thoughts, however, as a great tentacle came out of the water and grabbed Frodo's foot. The fight that followed was brief, and they escaped unharmed, but the creature crashed the doorway, and they were trapped in the darkness. Gandalf lit his staff and led them forward. Legolas used the moment to talk to Aragorn once again. "You are wrong," he stated confidently. "There is nothing similar between you and the Dwarf. Nothing!" "Are you sure?" The Ranger's eyes glimmered in the darkness. "Do you remember how we met?" Legolas sighed sadly. It was something he did not wish to remember, but at the same time had no right to forget. Legolas dismounted his white mare and walked forward smiling. Every visit to Imladris brought a smile to his face, and he had been away for more than twenty years. He was going to spend a few weeks with his best friends, and this made his heart leap with joy. Suddenly the Elf gasped and froze still. The two Peredhil twins were coming, but what made his heart race in panic, rage, shock, and confusion was someone walking beside them. A human?! "Well met, my friend," the older twin smiled and embraced their guest. "We have been waiting for you." Legolas didn't move. "Elladan, what is the meaning of this?" He asked, his voice cold as ice. The older Peredhel sighed. He should have expected this. " Mellon nin , you must meet Estel, our little brother." "Brother?!" The shock in Legolas' voice was obvious. "He has lived with us for sixteen years," Elrohir explained. "Since he was two. His father was slain by Orcs, and his mother brought him here, hoping to keep him safe. He was raised like one of the family." "One of the family?!" The Prince of Mirkwood was stunned. "How can you trust him?" "I am sorry, Legolas," the young Man said suddenly. "My brothers should have warned you about me. It must be a shock to you. Elladan had told me about your mother. I am so sorry." Silver eyes glittered in sincere compassion. "Don't you dare mention my mother, you filthy –" "Legolas!" Elladan had suddenly grabbed his tunic and pulled him forward. But he quickly calmed down and let him go. "I am sorry, mellon nin , I truly am," he whispered gently. "I know this is hard for you, but you must know that we trust Estel as one of our own, and we love him as one of our own. I believe that one day you will learn to trust him, and, hopefully, love him." "I will never trust a Man," Legolas stated angrily. "And I will have no love for someone of that filthy race of thieves and murderers!" "I can imagine how you feel, Legolas," Elrohir continued patiently. "But you have to understand that not all Men are the same. The Men who killed your mother were bandits looking for wealth. Estel is nothing like them." "Do you know why they killed her?" The golden-haired Elf asked suddenly, his voice unsteady and thick with tears. "To take her golden bracelet. The one ada had given her when they met for the first time. They killed my mother for a mere bracelet, Elrohir! A bracelet!" Sapphire eyes welled with tears. "Oh, mellon nin ," the younger twin walked a step forward and took the distressed Elf in his arms. "I am sorry we had to remind you of this." "I will never forget how the patrol brought back her mangled body," Legolas sobbed against his friend's chest. "And then they told me that Men had done it. And they told me why." He suddenly raised his head and blue eyes stared at Estel with rage, fear, and hatred. "Take him away from me!" He shouted. "I don't want to see him! Take him away!" For a second sad gray eyes locked with his, and the tears in them matched his own. The journey out of Moria was slow and sad. After they lost their leader, the Fellowship was overwhelmed by grief and despair. They all sat down weeping before they could find the strength to continue. Legolas walked forward, his concerns about befriending a dwarf completely forgotten. He had known Mithrandir for longer than he cared to remember. And now their wise leader was lost. He felt his heart weeping inside him, melting away tear by tear. The long road to Lothlórien was marked only by pain. But hope came back as Haldir and his brothers Rúmil and Orophin welcomed them. Unfortunately, they could not go on and rest before the three Elves made be sure that they could be trusted, and so the Company had to wait patiently and answer all questions. " All then is well." Haldir nodded, as Legolas listed him his companions. " But you have yet spoken only of seven ." " The eighth is a dwarf ," Legolas added reluctantly. "A dwarf! ' said Haldir. That is not well. We have not had dealings with the Dwarves since the Dark Days. They are not permitted in our land. I cannot allow him to pass." This was the anticipated reaction, and normally Legolas couldn't have agreed more. But this time he suddenly felt angry at Haldir for rejecting Gimli like that, without even knowing him. He felt some kind of protectiveness towards the Dwarf he could not yet understand. Legolas tried calmly and patiently to explain to Haldir that the Dwarf was no threat. The Lothlórien Elf finally conceded, under the condition that he would be blindfolded. Gimli, however, didn't enjoy the arrangements and stood obstinately, unwilling to let the Elves have it their way. " I will go forward free," he said, "or I will go back and seek my own land, where I am known to be true of word, though I perish alone in the wilderness." He drew out his axe, and the Elves lifted their bows. Legolas glared at him, all anger towards Haldir gone completely and transferred tenfold towards the Dwarf. They couldn't go forward because of this stubborn creature! " A plague on Dwarves and their stiff necks!" He shouted in contempt. Aragorn tried to end the argument by suggesting that they all continue blindfolded. Gimli found this very amusing and laughed. " I will be content, if only Legolas here shares my blindness ," he offered helpfully. " I am an Elf and a kinsman here ," Legolas shouted, this time completely enraged. "Now let us cry: 'a plague on the stiff necks of Elves!'" said Aragorn. "But the Company shall all fare alike. Come, bind our eyes Haldir!" Legolas shoot him a quick angry look. "You are on his side once again, aren't you?" He demanded quietly. The Man sighed. "Yes, I am on his side. As well as I am on yours. When will you realize that his side and your side are the same? And have you forgotten