Truths and Deceptions Rated: K+ Disclaimer: Not mine, never will be. Summary: 22-year-old Estel decides to secretly take a look into Galadriel's mirror. Of course, this could mean only trouble… Note: Written for Teitho challenge: "A Glimpse of the Future" For the mirror shows many things. Things that were, things that are and some things that have not yet come to pass. -Galadriel, FotR movie Cold. Encroaching, endless, terrifying cold. This was everything he could feel. Estel tried to move his fingers to restore the blood flow, but to his horror they were frozen still. He exhaled slowly, his breath immediately turning into vapor in the air. Great. Just great. Now you are going to freeze to death. But did you really expect anything else? To cross the Misty Mountains in the middle of winter, and all alone! He silently chastised himself. Why did you have to look into that mirror? You knew that it was forbidden. Well done, Estel, well done. Such a brilliant idea. You should be very proud. He smiled grimly and shook his head. The young ranger sighed. Talking to himself – that was not good, not good at all. He tried to suppress a cough. No, he couldn't afford catching a cold right now. He did his best to ignore how much his throat hurt and took a slow step forward, almost falling into the deep snow. For a moment he wondered if his brothers and Legolas had survived the attack. But they weren't in the cave, so maybe they weren't attacked at all. The uncertainly was worse than the most horrible truth, and worry was tearing his heart apart. The cold was horrifying, true, but even worse was the feeling of déjà vu. Yes, he had been here before, he remembered it clearly. That was exactly what he had seen in the mirror. And he had decided to come here anyway. Why did he believe the other vision and not this one? Why did he look into the mirror at all before he was ready? His thoughts were suddenly interrupted as his body shook in a fierce coughing fit. Estel winced. Just like in the vision. And he remembered painfully well how the vision ended. No, this couldn't come true. It wouldn't. The wolves hadn't appeared by now, probably they wouldn't come at all… Estel shut his eyes and sighed in frustration as he heard a howling sound coming from behind. Perfect. Will you never learn not to ask for trouble? He realized that he was talking to himself once again, but it didn't really matter. Now he knew for sure that his vision would come true. And he certainly didn't like the way the vision ended. Estel fell to his knees in surrender. The wolves were coming and he wasn't fit to fight them. And there was no sense in fighting - he had already foreseen what the outcome would be. How had he come here? What was he doing in these mountains? Oh, he remembered. He remembered very well. -o-o-o-o-o- To say that Estel was disappointed would have been a great understatement. Why wasn't she here? She was supposed to be here. When was he going to see her again? In ten years? Fifty years? Never? He had seen Arwen for the first time two years ago. This time seemed as a beautiful dream to him, and it was sometimes hard to believe that it had really happened. But it had. He still remembered how hard it had been for his family to accept it, but they had eventually come in terms with it. He had left to join the rangers shortly after and hadn't come back since then. He hadn't seen his family for two years. And now his wanderings had brought him close Lothlórien, and he thought that if he visited the elven realm, he would see her again. Just catch a glimpse of her in the distance, a glimpse he would keep in his heart forever. He wished for nothing more. But she wasn't here. He sighed and silently cursed his luck. Well, he couldn't complain after all, Lothlórien was beautiful in winter, and this was a wonderful break. Galadriel had welcomed him as a guest. Fortunately, she had no idea what the real reason for his visit was. Or at least he hoped so. Estel found it hard to enjoy the beauty of Lothlórien. The idea to come and visit came to him for the first time about a week ago, and since then he had been counting the seconds to his arrival. And now everything was shattered. He gazed dreamily at the snow-covered trees. Would he ever see her again? Well, there was no way of knowing. Surely, Galadriel could tell him, she just needed to look into that mysterious mirror of hers, but he would never ask her to do this. He was sure his foster grandmother didn't know anything about his love towards her granddaughter, and he was grateful for that. Estel shuddered involuntary. That mirror scared him. He didn't know why, but every time he thought about it, he got a very bad feeling. The mirror… it was the only way to know if he would ever see her again. If… if they… oh, how dared he even think about that… if they would ever be together. The ranger violently shook his head to chase the thought away. This was absurd. Galadriel would never let him look into the mirror. Very few elves and even fewer mortals were ever allowed that privilege. She would think that he was not ready for that. Besides, he could never tell her the reason why he wanted to look. On the other hand… a mischievous grin suddenly appeared on the young man's face… who said that he needed to ask her? Surely he could do it by himself. When Elrond had revealed him his true heritage, he had told Aragorn that he had inherited the gift of foresight of his forefathers. And he was not at all surprised – he sometimes had visions in his dreams, visions that often came true. Of course he would master the mirror. No, a mere mirror would never best him. Estel smiled confidently and rose to his feet. Now he just needed to wait for the right time to get to the mirror unnoticed. -o-o-o-o-o- Everyone seemed to be asleep. Estel took a wary look around and sneaked through the garden surprisingly quietly for a human. Suddenly he froze in his tracks and stared at the silver basin. That mirror had always captured his imagination and scared him at the same time. Long ago he had seen Galadriel look into it, when he first visited Lothlórien with Elrond, but he had been too young to comprehend what was really happening. But now he knew what he was doing. And he was ready for it. Estel filled the ewer with water and walked towards the silver basin. But then he stopped and hesitantly looked around. Was he doing the right thing? The mirror was meant for more serious matters, not for his childish whims. The young man pushed these thoughts away and took a determined step forward. His future was no whim! He had the right to see what would happen to him. Estel slowly poured the water into the basin. He didn't have any good idea what to do next, but he thought that he would improvise the best he could. He put down the ewer and firmly grabbed the basin edges. Estel looked into the mirror. At first he saw only his own reflection, but the water surface suddenly cleared and showed him another vision. He gasped and stared in shock. A snowstorm. Fierce, merciless snowstorm. A man was walking along the mountain path, his steps faltering. He was snuggled in a dark cloak and seemed to be freezing. Estel stared at the man in sudden suspicion, but when the wind blew away the hood of the cloak, his cloak, only to reveal wavy dark hair, all doubt was gone. He was looking at himself. What was he doing there? Was this going to happen? When? Estel looked more closely and soon he could see his face. He didn't look older than he was now. He gasped as the wind lifted the dark cloak once again, causing the ranger in the vision to shiver uncontrollably. For a moment he could catch a glimpse of the man's clothes. They were the same clothes he was wearing right now. The ranger in the vision suddenly stared at his hand in horror. It seemed his fingers were frozen and he couldn't move them. He took a few more steps and started coughing violently. Estel watched transfixed. Was this the real future? But what he saw was nothing compared to what followed. The man in the mirror suddenly stopped and shut his eyes. Then he sighed and fell on his knees. And then it happened. A pack of wolves came out of the forest and were upon the young ranger in seconds. One of them knocked him down and pinned him to the ground. He tried to turn over and pull out his sword, but his frozen limbs refused to obey him. So he just lay down helpless and shaking, staring wide-eyed at the gray body above him. The bloodthirsty eyes made his heart freeze. He desperately tried to stand up, but the wolf pushed him back down. His head collided with a sharp rock and his body went limp on the cold ground. The beast opened its horrendous mouth, revealing sharp white teeth. They easily pierced the soft skin on the man's unprotected neck and went deeper and deeper. A crimson pond soon appeared on the white snow. Estel shouted in shock and jumped away from the mirror. He couldn't believe what he was seeing. He had just witnessed his own death. No, this vision couldn't be true! He would never let himself wander all alone in the mountains in the middle of a snowstorm. He wasn't that stupid. Especially now when he had seen it. He could do everything possible to prevent this. Estel took a deep breath and somewhat managed to calm himself. It was just a vision, nothing more. He had heard that the mirror could often show things that would never happen. Surely this was one of them. When his pulse and breathing rate were back to normal, Estel remembered why he had come. He gathered all his courage and walked back to the mirror, firmly grabbing the basin edges once again. Last time he had left the mirror lead the way. He had left it decide what vision to show him. No, he wasn't going to repeat that mistake. Show me Arwen , he wished with all his will. The water cleared again and soon a new vision appeared. Estel gasped and stared enchanted in the water. The most beautiful face, surrounded by a halo of dark silk, and gray eyes, deep as the see, but warm as the stars. His Arwen. So he had succeeded. He had bested the mirror after all. Arwen turned back, gazing sadly at something behind her, but then looked forward and took another step. Towards the ship. Estel's heart stopped as he realized what she was doing. She was sailing for Valinor. He was somewhat relieved that she would make this choice and he wouldn't separate her from her family, but at the same time this vision made him incredibly sad. Oh, how he wished her to stay! The mirror cleared once again and different visions started flashing randomly through it. Estel blinked and stared. Some of them were clearly true, and some of them were certainly false. Maybe his vision about Arwen wasn't true as well? Estel decided that it would be best to stay and watch the visions for some more time. Maybe eventually he would learn to distinguish between the