The Stronger Call A Stronger Call This story was inspired by the wonderful poem "The Sea Longing" by Calenlass Greenleaf. Thanks for the inspiration, Cal! Rated: K Summary: Legolas hears a call he cannot resist. And he gives in. Perhaps slightly AU. Disclaimer: I don't own the characters or places. The beginning of this story, up until "who need you" (first four paragraphs, i.e. entire first scene without the last two) is copied from the book. Note: This story was written for Teitho Challenge "The Sea, The Sea!" It won second place. Thanks to everyone who read and voted! And now Legolas fell silent, while the others talked, and he looked out against the sun, and as he gazed he saw white sea-birds beating up the River. " Look! " he cried. " Gulls! They are flying far inland. A wonder they are to me and a trouble to my heart. Never in all my life had I met them, until we came to Pelargir, and there I heard them crying in the air as we rode to the battle of the ships. Then I stood still, forgetting war in Middle-earth; for their wailing voices spoke to me of the Sea. The Sea! Alas! I have not yet beheld it. But deep in the hearts of all my kindred lies the sea-longing, which it is perilous to stir. Alas! for the gulls. No peace shall I have again under beech or under elm. " " Say not so! " said Gimli. " There are countless things still to see in Middle-earth, and great works to do. But if all the fair folk take to the Havens, it will be a duller world for those who are doomed to stay. " " Dull and dreary indeed!" said Merry: "You must not go to the Havens, Legolas. There will always be some folk, big or little, and even a few wise dwarves like Gimli, who need you." Legolas said nothing and gazed sadly at the Hobbits and the Dwarf. 'No, my friends,' he thought. 'I will not leave you. Not yet. Even if it pains me to stay, fear not. I will stay with you to the end. With all of you." The Hobbits continued chatting lively, but Legolas heard them not, until someone mentioned The Path of the Dead. Merry and Pippin were curious, but Gimli seemed reluctant to say more. The memories of horror were still fresh in the Dwarf's mind, and they were filled with too much shame he wished to forget. So Legolas came to his aid and started the tale, thankful that something had taken his mind off of the fateful cry. Legolas awoke with a start. The words still sounded in his mind, loud and clear as if they had been spoken yesterday. And yet, years had passed. Years of emptiness, years devoid of hope, happiness, or light. The elf sat on the bed and held his head in his hands, gently massaging his temples. Years ago it had been easy to believe that he would be able to stay. But he had not known that it would get worse. So terribly worse. He had not expected the icy fingers that would curl around his heart and squeeze it will full force, neither had he expected the great weight that would settle on his chest, pinning him down, making him suffocate. The gulls were far away now, but he could still hear them. So many nights had he stayed sleepless, staring at the night sky, afraid of what dreams could bring him. But he could also hear them during the day, when he was least prepared. Often he would make his friends worry when in the middle of a conversation he would suddenly grow quiet, his eyes bearing a faraway look, and his face turned west. Valar, he did not want to frighten them! He did not wish them to worry over him. But they knew. No matter how hard he tried to hide it, they always knew. Once Aragorn had asked him to tell him about the sea-longing, hoping that talking would relief his friend's burden, and that if he understood it better, he would be able to help. And then Legolas had been surprised to realize that he was unable to tell anyone how it felt. Although it never left him, he was unable to describe it. Perhaps the best word to summarize his emotions was 'bittersweet'. The cry of the gulls was the most beautiful, and yet the most horrible sound that he had heart during his entire long life. It made his heart sing… and break at the same time. He felt himself overwhelmed with beauty so strong that his soul would melt under its weight, and yet it was a beauty he could never touch, he could never feel. He just knew that it was there – this wondrous world that he could not see, these flowers he could not smell, these birds he could not hear. Beyond the Sea. 'I wonder if this is how it feels if you are in love with someone you can never have,' he sometimes asked himself. 'Seeing the fair face in your mind, your heart is overjoyed with so much beauty. And yet, knowing that you can never touch the smooth skin, that you can never sink into the deep eyes.' But he could. He could follow his heart's desire and sail. Legolas brushed a stay tear and stood up. And then he walked, forward and forward, not knowing where he was headed. He finally stopped in front of a tall tree, grabbed a lower branch and nimbly jumped up. Within seconds, he was sitting on the highest branch, gazing at the stars. The stars. Those shining pools of hope. They used to bring him peace and solace once. Trees used to bring solace. Birds and rabbits, ants and butterflies, mushrooms and flowers, stones and rivers, sun and rain – they all used to bring him solace. But not anymore. He could hear the song of the forest no more. The only song he heard was the cry of the gulls. And it brought him no peace. "Legolas!" He looked down at the sound of his name and felt helplessly guilty. Gimli was standing below the tree, looking up worriedly. Why was he awake in the middle of the night? The dwarf had come to visit him in Ithilien, and the entire time Legolas had done nothing but frighten his loyal friend. The elf sighed and jumped from the tree. Gimli's eyes widened in horror when he saw his friend jump from the great height, but Legolas landed gracefully. For once, he did not comment on how stunned the dwarf looked, and this worried Gimli more than anything else could. "I am sorry, my friend," the elf said softly, and his voice was laden with unspoken grief. "You are sorry?" If the dwarf had been worried before, now he was terrified. "For what?" Legolas bowed his head, unable to meet his friend's gaze, unable to look at the pain his next words were going to cause. "For what I am about to do." Legolas was standing by the window, gazing westwards. He was so engulfed in what he was looking at that he never heard the soft footsteps behind him. Still he was not startled when a hand gently gripped his forearm. He turned back and smiled at the newly crowned King. To his surprise and worry Aragorn looked greatly troubled. The man shifted uneasily, unsure how to start. "Legolas," he said softly and hesitated briefly before continuing. "You can never imagine how grateful I am that you stayed with me until the end of the War and after my coronation. I don't know how I would have made it without you, my friend, and for that I thank you. But after Pelargir I can see something different in your eyes, something that pains me greatly. I know what staying here means to you, and I cannot ask you to do this. I will not ask you to stay. Leave if you must, and I will understand." Aragorn was speaking hastily, the words flowing out of his mouth as if he was in a great hurry to finish this speech and put an end to his ordeal, and obviously it pained him a lot to say that. He gazed fearfully at his friend, anxiously awaiting the answer. He knew that whatever answer Legolas gave, it would fill him with joy and dismay at the same time. Legolas suppressed a smile. 'Oh, silly human! Don't you know that I would never leave you?' He raised an eyebrow questioningly and said aloud, "Are you trying to chase me away?" Aragorn's eyes widened and he quickly shook his head, horrified by the notion. "How can you say that? You know that nothing could make me happier than having you here." " Then I am staying," the elf replied simply, suppressing his smile no more. The man sighed guiltily and briefly looked away, before his gaze met his friend's once again. "I thank you, but it is a sacrifice I cannot accept. Your pain is too high a price to pay for my happiness." " No price is too high," Legolas replied fondly, but Aragorn only shook his head. " I don't want another immortal to suffer because of me! I don't want all the ones that I love dearly to sacrifice themselves because of me!" He admitted his greatest fear. Legolas gazed at the sad and troubled grey eyes, looking at him, begging him, and smiled gently. Despite the words his friend had spoken, those eyes were telling a different story. 'Please, Legolas,' he could read in those eyes. 'prove to me that I am wrong! Argue with me! Show me that my belief is false! Show me that you can stay, and not suffer. I cannot lose you. I will not bear it.' The blue elven eyes twinkled merrily and the answer in them was obvious. 'Worry not, my friend, I will. I will argue with you until you the truth has finally entered that thick human head of yours. And the truth is that there is no option for me, but to stay.' " First of all," he said loudly. "Arwen is not suffering because of you, and neither am I. Second, it seems you think that I am staying here because of your happiness. Well, my friend, I am not." He could not help but chuckle at Aragorn's perplexed expression and continued. "True, your happiness is one of my reasons to stay, but it is not the only one. Yes, it is one of the most important reasons, perhaps even the most important one." He paused and looked his friend in the eyes. "But I am staying for my own happiness as well. I shall find no joy beyond the Sea, knowing that I have left you here." The man tried to interrupt him, but he silenced him. "This is why Arwen is staying too. Her happiness lies here, with you, and nothing awaits her in the Undying Lands, but grief and emptiness. She cannot live without you. And I don't want to live without you. Not yet. Not as long as I can help it." Aragorn was about to protest, but the elf only pressed a finger against his lips. "Speak not, my friend, I do not wish to listen to any more of the nonsense you are going to say. But look at me and tell me the truth. You wish me to stay, do you not?" A somewhat guilty smile spread over the king's lips, and his eyes sparkled with tears of relief. "Yes, Legolas," he breathed. "I wish you to stay. You can never imagine how much I wish you to stay." " Then trouble yourself no further," the elf said determinedly and grasped his shoulders, making their eyes lock.