This story was written for the Estel Angst Central Contest "The Meaning of Friendship" Thank to Kali for beta-ing this, and, most of all, for the inspirational prompt! Translations: Sindarin: Adar – father Ada – dad, daddy Mellon nín – my friend Mae govannen – well met Elrondion – son of Elrond Peredhel – half-elf Quenya: Tinúviel – nightingale Eldar - elves ~*~*~ Tests of Friendship ~*~*~ Rivendell, 2935 T. A. Light hoofs taped rhythmically on the soft ground and all horses neighed in joyous anticipation. It was a rare occasion that someone visited the stables before sunrise and perhaps whoever was coming was bringing treats. Those horses who had spent a longer time in Lord Elrond's home knew the hurried footsteps very well, and this only made their hearts race faster. Yes, a treat was surely coming. Wethrin, however, had only spent a few months in these stables and had not yet recognized the early visitor's identity. This was why the silver-white stallion jumped in pleasant surprise when a small face, framed by disheveled dark hair, appear at the door. The horse had taken a liking to the little boy. An elven horse, he had rarely seen humans before, and this little mortal had piqued his curiosity. "Good mo'ning, Wetin!" The four-year-old said softly and looked around, as if making sure no one had followed him. "You must come with me!" Estel added and held the wooden door wide open. "Come! Please!" Wethrin was not restrained and was free to go, and yet he stayed. The horse obeyed his master and no one else. No, he would not leave, and the little boy knew that well. And this knowledge caused him a far greater pain than he had expected. Estel looked around and spotted a high pile of hay. That would work! He took a fresh red apple out of his pocket and held it in front of the horse. "Come, Wetin! Vewy good apple!" The little boy mumbled and walked backwards. Wethrin's hazel eyes widened and focused on the tasty temptation. The edges of Estel's month turned upwards in a triumphant grin. Perhaps that would do. Wethrin walked until he was hidden completely behind the hay. This was when he finally received his promised award, and his teeth sunk greedily into the juicy fruit. Estel took out a few more apples and left them on the floor. This would keep the horse here for a while. The boy turned back and walked towards the door, nearly colliding with the newcomer. Estel gave a cry of surprise and jumped back. When he looked up, big grey eyes widened in a picture of pure innocence. "Good mo'ning, Lelas!" "Good morning, Estel," the elf replied, carefully scrutinizing the boy. "You are up early." "I know you aw leavin' today," the boy mumbled. "Wanted to say goobye." Legolas sighed heavily. "I would have stayed longer, Estel, but my King has summoned me." Suddenly he raised his face, frowning in confusion. "Where is my horse?" "Wetin?" Estel looked around, seeming very surprised. "Oh no! He must have wun way!" He cried. The elf raised an eyebrow. "Wethrin run away? I would be less surprised to see a troll plant a flower!" "But he is not hewe!" The boy said, worriedly looking around. "Pewhaps he wun way! You must stay hewe till we find him!" Legolas looked at the boy, as if reading through him, and what he saw made his heart clench painfully. The elf sighed sadly and whistled. In a few moments the white stallion appeared from behind the hay, still munching on an apple. "Ah, hewe he is," Estel said surprised. "Stwange." Legolas's gaze did not move. "Tell me, Estel," he said, and his voice was gentle and kind, "why did you try to hide Wethrin from me?" He had expected Estel to deny the accusation, and was prepared for a careful interrogation. What he had not expected, however, was that the boy's lower lip would start trembling, and those innocent grey eyes would fill up with tears in mere seconds. "Because, because – you must not leave, Lelas!" A pair of short but strong arms wrapped themselves around the elf's leg, holding tight. The tiny face was buried in the soft fabric, reaching not much higher above the knee, and soon Legolas's leggings were soaked with tears. "You must stay with me!" The elf gently pulled the little arms away and knelt in front of the weeping boy. A frown of worry marred his fair face. "I must go, Estel. My home is not here and my duties lie with my people. You must understand and be brave, and wait for my next visit. Or perhaps you can join your brothers when they come to visit my home next time." "Take me with you, Lelas!" The little one wept. "And Eldan and Elohiw will come too!" Legolas shook his head. "Your brothers belong here, as do you. But do not cry, Estel, this is not our final parting. Come!" He held the boy's hand and walked outside. The white stallion followed. The elf reached upwards, towards the lowly hanging branches of a young oak, and picked two identical leaves. "This is for you," he said and handed one to Estel. "Keep it and think of me whenever you look at it. I will keep the other one." "But the leaves will wither and fall apawt!" The boy protested, tears still streaming down his cheeks. "Yes, they will," the elf agreed. "The leaves will fade, but the memories will not." "I will not foget you," the child said with a sniff. "But what if you foget me ?" Legolas smiled. "I will not forget you, Estel. We are friends, are we not?" He mounted Wethrin with a quick jump and looked back one last time. "I must leave now, Estel, but you will see me soon. I promise." The boy watched silently the golden figure disappear into the distance, the words still ringing in his mind. We are friends, are we not? As soon as the horse and the rider could no longer be seen, Estel turned back and ran towards the house. He rushed down corridors and climbed up stairs, until he stopped out of breath in front of Lord Elrond's study. Estel hesitated only for a moment before knocking on the heavy, wooden door. He heard a muffled invitation to come inside, and stood on tiptoes to reach the knob. The Elven Lord turned around and nodded when he saw his little guest. "You are up early, Estel," he said. There was no surprise in his voice. The elf had a good idea why his foster son would get up before sunrise. "Lelas left," the child replied simply, confirming Elrond's fears. The elf sighed. The boy had grown attached to their guest, the way only children could grow attached to someone in such a short time. "Sit down, Estel," he said and the boy did. "Do you wish to talk to me?" "Yes, ada ," Estel said hesitantly, trying to find the right words. "I wanted to ask you something." "I am listening," Lord Elrond said. "Ask your question and I will answer to the best of my knowledge." The child blinked indecisively, and his gaze traveled down to the floor, and then back to his foster father's face. " Ada , what does it mean to be a fend?" "A friend?" The Elf Lord sighed tiredly. "This is a hard question that you ask, my son, and I will try to answer. But tell me first, what do you think it means? What would you say 'a friend' means?" "A fend is someone you can play with," Estel replied immediately. It was obvious he had given the matter some thought. "He is someone who is kind to you and tells you stowies and answers your questions. A fend is someone you like to be with, and who lets you climb twees and pwomises not to tell your ada ." "A friend is all that," Elrond agreed. "Although I am not sure about the last part," he added with a smile. "And yet, a friend is so much more." "What mowe?" Estel asked. "A friend is someone you can share anything with," the elf explained. "You can tell him about all your fears and doubts, all your secret thoughts or hard choices. With a true friend you can speak freely, without fear that he will use that knowledge to hurt you, or that he will betray your secret, or that he will judge you for what you have thought or done. And the true friend will listen to you patiently and will not mock you or reproach you, but will understand you and offer helpful advice." ~*~*~ Mirkwood, King Thranduil's Halls, 2951 T. A. "Come in!" Legolas called, looking up from the book he had been reading. The door cracked open and a young, dark-haired elf peeked in. "Forgive me the disturbance, my Lord," the messenger said. "You father wishes to speak with you." Legolas nodded and stood up. "Tell the King that I am coming," he replied and walked to the wardrobe to find an appropriate tunic. It was not uncommon that his father summoned him unexpectedly. Perhaps a trade party from Esgaroth had arrived, and the King wanted his son to be present at the negotiations. As the elf walked down the long corridor, his pace quickened. Even though Thranduil possessed unending patience, like any elf blessed with eternal youth, the young prince did not want to make his father wait. But as he walked into the hall, he saw that there was no trading party waiting for him. Instead, a single hooded figure stood in front of the King. The visitor looked much like a ranger, with a long, travel-worn coat covering him almost entirely, still letting Legolas see the tall leather boots. A heavy-looking pack, a small bow and a quiver were strapped around the broad shoulders. The man turned around and Legolas gasped. For the first time he was seeing his friend clad in anything but the fine clothes elves in Imladris always wore. For the first time he was seeing his friend's hair not newly washed and braided in a warrior style, but sweaty and haphazardly falling around the tired face. For the first time he was seeing worries and doubts mar the usually carefree features. And he did not yet know that as the years passed he would grow used to seeing this boy – no – this man – always like this. And what was Estel doing here? Legolas had seen him only a few months ago. This was not a long parting, even for a human. Not that the elf was not delighted to see his friend, on the contrary, his heart was inwardly jumping with joy. Yet this unexpected visit, or rather the possible reasons behind it, worried him. What disturbed him even more was his friend's appearance – the man had changed so much in such a short time! No, it was not the clothes. It was the man's face, or rather the eyes. Those eyes were filled with so much confusion and questions and – yes, at last Legolas had found the right word. Older. His friend looked older . "You have a guest, my son." The King's voice was kind, and yet Legolas could sense some urgency and strange worries – perhaps a reflection of the same worries that he felt himself. " Mae govannen , Estel!" Legolas greeted cheerfully, momentarily forgetting all questions and uncertainties. He walked forward and grasped the young man's forearm in greeting. "You know that you are always welcome here, my friend, but why did you send no word of your visit?" "I was not planning to come here," Estel admitted and Legolas's heart skipped a beat. The man's voice was different too. The way it sounded – it was tired,