To Make a Good Impression Summary: Aragorn is torn between his duty and helping travelers in need. Disclaimer: All of this beautiful world belongs to Tolkien. I am merely playing with his toys and will return them in (mostly) good health and spirits. Note: Written for the Teitho "First Meetings" contest. It placed first. Many thanks to everyone who voted! Aragorn was certain he would never feel warm again. The heavy rains had lasted for days and even his heavy cloak was soaked through. He had tried oiling it on the outside, but it had done little good. The young Ranger supposed his feet were marginally drier under the heavy boots, but it was hard to tell as they were frozen to the core and felt like two heavy blocks of ice. He was afraid that if he ever found a warm shelter, they would melt to water. The weather had slowed him down considerably, and he cursed his bad luck. Halbarad was waiting at "The Hungry Rabbit", expecting to hear his report on the outlaws, and he did not wish to be late. The rains might have hindered his kinsman as well, but Halbarad was a seasoned Ranger, while Aragorn had joined the Dúnedain only two winters past and still had much to learn… or so all the older Rangers kept telling him, and the young man knew that if he was late today, he would only prove them right. The Ranger did not let the gloomy thoughts distract him and kept his guard up, and so when a high-pitched cry sounded above the constant wind and rain, his sword was drawn and ready in mere moments. The cry was repeated again and again, and soon Aragorn could hear the splashing of feet in the mud, coming in his direction. "Help!" Aragorn's grip on his sword relaxed slightly as a young boy, no more than ten years of age, bounced in front of him. Wet clothes clung tightly to his skinny body. His hair looked as if the boy had cut it himself (many months ago) and might have been blond once, but it was hard to tell for certain with all the dirt that even the rain had been unable to wash away. The boy's cheeks were wet, but whether it was from raindrops or tears, it was impossible to say. "Mr. Ranger, please, you have to help me!" The boy cried once again and moved closer. Aragorn was taken aback. His kin was held in suspicion by the folk around these parts, and the sight of his drawn gleaming sword should have been enough to scare a grown man. Yet, the boy did not seem to notice. "Please, sir, it is my grandpa. We were crossing the river and he… he… there was a log. He is stuck, he cannot go on, and the water is rising!" Aragorn groaned inwardly. Crossing the Chetwood River in good weather was a dangerous task for a young boy and his old grandfather, but under this downpour it was utter madness. What urgent business must have made those travelers forsake all caution? "Take me to him," he said, wasting no time. The boy rushed back and Aragorn sheathed his sword and followed with a resigned sign – Halbarad would have to wait for a while longer. The river was not far away and soon the Ranger could distinguish its booming thunder from the pouring rain. "Grandpa!" the little boy squeaked again and Aragorn anxiously scanned the merciless waters. It was hard to see anything, but as he squinted carefully he could distinguish a dark form amidst the even darker river. The Ranger breathed a sigh of relief. The grandfather was still alive. The old man's head was barely above the water and it was clear that something kept him from moving. Without hesitation Aragorn took a long rope out of his backpack and tied one end to a nearby tree and the other to his waist. It would do the grandfather little good if he could reach him and then be unable to take both of them back to the shore. "Be careful, Mr. Ranger!" The child whispered as he watched his movements in awe. Aragorn tried the strength of the knots and cautiously stepped into the river. The stones on the bottom were smooth and slippery, but the young man was surefooted and his progress was steady, even if slower than he would have liked. When he reached the grandfather at last, the old man's face was still above the surface. "Hold on, my good man, you will be free soon," he called in encouragement, but the stranger only scolded at him under heavy eyebrows. "It took you long enough to get here, young rascal! My old bones are frozen to the core! I hope you are not as useless as you look and will move this log before my beard has grown down to my knees!" Aragorn paused, taken aback. He was used to ingratitude, but when the child had been so open to him he had hoped that the grandfather would be the same. Even stranger, in his experience the people who despised him feared him as well, while this man seemed to fear neither him, nor his dire predicament. Not deigning to reply, the Ranger quickly dove under the surface. His eyes stung as he opened them under the murky water, but he was able to make out the heavy log, trapping the old man's leg. Quickly he grabbed the wood and lifted it up. Or at least he tried to. His muscles screamed under the strain and his lungs burned as all air left them. He pulled the log for as long as he dared, but when bright spots appeared before his eyes, he gave up his task and resurfaced, desperately coughing and gasping for precious air. "Ah, so you are weak, besides slow," the old man lamented. "What foul luck made my grandson find you first of all people!" Aragorn did his best to ignore him and took a deep breath, readying to dive once again. Every word out of this man's mouth weakened his resolve to save him at all cost, but if the Rangers refused to help everyone who treated them unjustly, then fresh graves would cover Eriador like open wounds. Soon the Ranger lost count of how many times he would dive, fight to the end of his strength and then swim back to the surface, only to be greeted by the old man's snarky comments. Every next dive lasted shorter than the previous and his strength waned. After a while he was never certain if he would be able to resurface again after he went down, and yet he kept trying. He had lost hope that the old man could ever be saved, when the log moved at last. "Ah, it was about time," the grandfather mumbled. "I feared I would grow roots down here and turn into a water tree." You are welcome, Aragorn thought wryly and gave the old man his hand. "Hold on to my back. I will take you to the shore." The man wrapped his arms around the Ranger's neck so tightly that he almost cut off his air passage. Aragorn tried to ignore the pain and grabbed the rope tightly, slowly pulling them to the shore. It was no simple task – the waves were wild and treacherous and the stones slippery, and the Ranger lost his footing and was carried off track many times, but he never let go of the rope. His arms ached with a passion when he finally pulled both of them on the shore, panting. The boy surveyed them anxiously. "Grandfather, are you well?" "As well as I can be after the cares of the incompetent fool you brought to me." The Ranger suppressed a sign. "I am glad you are both well, gentlemen. If you excuse me now, I have some urgent business to attend to, and I am already late." Naturally, all Halbarad would think of his delay would be that Aragorn had apparently allowed the foul weather to slow him down, which meant he still had so much to learn. He would never hear the end of it. The best he could do now was to reach the inn as fast as possible. "Wait!" To his shock, it was the grandfather speaking again. "You cannot leave us like this!" "I… cannot?" "I left my walking stick behind," the old man explained, indicating the river. "I used it for support while crossing, but when the log came and trapped me, I stuck it beneath some rocks next to me, so it would not float away. It must still be there. You have to go back and get it for me." Aragorn stared at him incredulously. This mad creature could not be serious! "Your walking stick ? We are in a forest in case you have failed to notice!" To emphasize his point, the Ranger bent down and lifted a long thick branch which could serve as a passable walking stick. Admittedly, it was very wet and brittle, but he doubted the grandfather's original support was faring any better underwater. The old man eyed the branch in disgust and shook his head. "My father had this walking stick, and his father before him. I need it back." Aragorn felt a strange sense of sympathy for the stranger's plight. He knew a thing or two about family heirlooms, and he could not imagine the Ring of Barahir or the shards of Narsil being lost. Well, their value and historical significance were doubtlessly greater than this man's walking stick, but still he could imagine how the grandfather must have been feeling. "I will get it for you," he said impulsively and regretted it a minute later. But he had given his word, and he meant to keep it. The water had gotten even deeper than it had been mere moments ago and Aragorn's trek was an agonizing mixture of swimming, diving, walking, falling, and pulling himself back along the rope and starting anew. But at the end he found the place where he had found the old man and after a quick search came across a long wooden staff, half-buried under the rocks. Nearly sobbing with relief, Aragorn headed back. The walking stick was of little use to him as he often had to hold on to the rope with both hands. Why had the grandfather not mentioned this staff earlier, right after Aragorn had saved him? He could have carried both the man and his staff in that case and would have been spared this second trip to hell and back. Was the old man doing this on purpose, simply to make him suffer? Halbarad would be very unhappy about his prolonged delay. Or perhaps his kinsman would actually be happy , now that Aragorn had given him another excuse to make fun at his expense for months on. As he finally crawled up the bank, Aragorn resisted the weakness in his knees and the urge to collapse on the muddy shore once again and stood up straight instead, silently handing the staff to its rightful owner. "Well, now that this is taken care of, we will leave you to your urgent business and head to Archet," the old man said. Aragorn froze and considered the old man carefully. "What business brings you there? I am just coming back from Archet and I can tell you that a band of Dunlending outlaws have been causing serious trouble the past week. It is not a safe place for you to go, unless you have someone to meet you on the way. And not many decent men will be out in this weather to help if need be." The grandfather shrugged. "The business is our own and is urgent. We cannot afford to wait for the outlaws to be dealt with. Besides,