I Killed Him Disclaimer: Not mine and never will be. I just love playing with them. Summary: What is the punishment for killing a friend? Dungeons, death – or something worse? Note: Written for Teitho Challenge "Crime and Punishment" I killed him. He was my friend. He was dear to me. Very dear. And yet, I caused his death. I murdered him. And by this act, I have caused the doom of us all. I still hear the screams of denial coming from behind me. I still see his wise blue eyes, boring into us, warning us. Begging us to run away and leave him to die. Leave him to the fate that I have brought upon him. It is I who did it. I, and my actions alone. I betrayed him. It was only my foolishness, my thrice cursed stupidity! He was right. I should have thrown myself into that well. "Pippin!" He is gone now. Gone beyond the circles of this world, where we cannot reach him. I can never tell him how sorry I am. How I wish I had thrown myself into that well, how I wish I had been eaten by the Watcher, so that it would have never come to that. "Pippin!" But it is too late now. He left, and he left me here alone. Alone with my grief and my guilt. Nay, not alone. Merry is still with me, good o ld Merry, and he never blames me although I deserve all the blame. Neither do the rest of our company. And yet, I want them to blame me. I want them to shout at me, to tell me what a fool I am, what a piece of scum I am, and how I have destroyed everything that we have fought for. For I deserve nothing less. "Pippin! Wake up!" The Hobbit slowly opened his eyes and looked up groggily. Strider's face was above him, eyebrows drawn together with worry. "This was but a dream, Pippin. All is well. All is well now." Pippin frowned in confusion, worry, and perhaps newfound hope. "Gandalf…" he started timidly. "Is he… is he…" The Ranger sighed and averted his gaze. "I fear this was not a dream, my friend. He is gone." His voice was barely audible at the last words. "I killed him," the Hobbit muttered quietly, more to himself than to anyone else. Strider looked up uncomprehending. "What did you say, Pippin?" "I killed him," Pippin repeated, louder this time, and his voice was dry and hollow. "I am a murderer." His small body was shaking all over, and his eyes were wide and scared. "Killed whom?" Aragorn asked, and the Hobbit pulled away, as if trying to hide, to sink deep into the grass and disappear from this world. "Tell me, Pippin. Whom did you kill?" "Gandalf," he whispered and he could no longer keep the bitter tears from rolling down his dirtied cheeks. The Ranger stared at him in surprise. "What do you mean? It is the Balrog who killed Gandalf." His voice was soft. The pain was still too fresh, too raw, and he could not relive this memory without feeling his own tears rise, trying to choke him. "No, I did it!" Pippin screamed, pouring out all his guilt and anger that had built up until now, as if a dam had suddenly broken, releasing the water all at once. "I did it! It was not the Balrog, it was me! Me! I threw down that rock! I awoke the orcs, and they awoke the Balrog! That nightmarish creature would have never followed us if not for my stupidity! And I…" Pippin paused to swallow his tears and suddenly looked very small, "I only wanted to take a look…" "Curiosity is not a crime, Pippin," Aragorn said gently. "No," the Hobbit agreed, his voice low and bitter. "But murder is." The Ranger sighed and sat down on the grass, his eyes darting worriedly over the rest of his companions. They all needed their rest, and he preferred to deal with this himself. Merry was curled up on the grass, with his back turned to them. Gimli was snoring softly, his head rested on a rock – how he could feel comfortable in that position, Aragorn could never understand. Frodo was stirring in his sleep, his hand often going towards his chest, his fingers trembling slightly. Sam was not far from his master and he seemed vigilant even in sleep – as if he would wake up at any time should he sense any danger. Boromir looked tense in his sleep as well, and Aragorn sadly shook his head when he noticed that the Steward's fingers were curled around the handle of his dagger. The man could not find peace in Lothlórien and his mistrust of the Elves allowed him no rest. Even Legolas was asleep, his eyes wide open and fixed at the distant stars. This was the first time the Elf slept in days – the first time after Gandalf's fall. "You are no murderer, Pippin," Aragorn said slowly. "You did not mean to cause harm. Besides, we do not know if the noise you made awoke the orcs and the Balrog. Perhaps the Balrog would have found us anyway. I hesitated to go into Moria because I sensed that Gandalf was in danger there. Perhaps this was meant to happen and nothing you have done or failed to do would have changed it." "Do not try to comfort me, Strider," the Hobbit snapped. "I know what I have done and I deserve to suffer!" "I know how you feel, my friend," Aragorn said. "But you must see that-" He suddenly stopped as Pippin glared at him angrily. "You know how I feel? How dare you! You have never hurt someone you care about! You know nothing, Strider! Nothing! Nothing!" Pippin stopped his angry tirade and looked at the Ranger regretfully. His rage was directed towards himself and he had no right to turn it at the man who was only trying to help him. To his surprise, Aragorn shook his head, smiling sadly. "Oh, but I do, my friend," he said with a tired sigh. "I do." It was the Hobbit's turn to be surprised. "You know how it feels to cause the death of a dear friend?" He blinked in shock when Strider nodded. "Who- whom have you killed?" He was almost afraid to ask. Aragorn said nothing. Instead, he slowly turned his head and to Pippin's puzzlement his eyes rested on the sleeping form of the golden-haired Elf. But how was that possible? Legolas was surely alive! -:- (thirty years earlier) -:- Legolas nervously played with the fork, not seeing the food on his plate. The cool metal against his fingers did little to soothe his worries, and the bright eyes darted unseeing over the table and everyone present. The clatter of plates was heard as the servants arrived to serve the next dish, but the sound did not reach his keen ears. "Legolas!" The Elf blinked and looked at his father in surprise. Thranduil rarely raised his voice at him, especially without a reason, and the King's behaviour confused him. "My Lord?" "I asked you a question, my son," the King continued in a softer voice. "Several times." The younger Elf blushed slightly and looked away. "Forgive me, father. I fear my mind was elsewhere. What did you ask?" Thranduil frowned, somewhat worried. "I asked you where your guest was. Why did he not come to lunch or dinner?" Legolas sighed and looked down. This was exactly where his mind had been. "A messenger pigeon arrived from Imladris this morning," he said softly. "He carried a letter for Aragorn, bearing the seal of Lord Elrond. Aragorn took it and left, and I have not seen him ever since." The King nodded in understanding. "And you are worried that the message bears ill news?" This was the most likely explanation, Thranduil thought. The Ranger had arrived in Mirkwood a fortnight ago after spending many years in the wilderness, away from any Elven realm, only briefly visiting the Rangers about a year ago. He planned to next travel to Rivendell and then south to The Angle, to talk to Elrond and his mother, before leaving once again. There was still much he had to do and see, and he was not ready to allow himself a long rest to spend time with family and his old friends. Still, he had not seen Legolas in a dozen years, and for a human this was a long time, or so Thranduil had been told. Therefore, the man had chosen to stay in Mirkwood for a while, but was planning to leave in a few days at most. He had immediately sent news to Rivendell, informing them of his whereabouts and that he would arrive soon. During his stay, the man had not missed a meal unless he had been away with Legolas, inspecting the border patrols. All in all, the King had noticed that the Ranger rarely missed an opportunity to spend time with the young prince, fully aware that their time together was drawing short. This made his absence even more surprising. "Go and seek him then," the King said. "It will make your heart lighter." Legolas's face seemed to brighten up all of a sudden. As a prince, he was not expected to miss any formal gatherings. This dinner, at which some ambassadors from Lake Town were present, counted as such, and so he was reluctant to leave against his lord's will. "Thank you, father," he said, beaming, and walked out of the room as fast as it could be considered proper for a prince. Legolas walked, or rather ran, to the guest quarters and then stopped, standing hesitantly in front of the room where Aragorn was staying. He raised his hand and his long fingers curled up into a loose fist, and after a brief moment of uncertainty the Elf softly knocked on the wooden door. There was no response and Legolas knocked again, louder this time. Nothing. Perhaps Aragorn was somewhere else. Legolas was about to turn back and walk away, when something, some dull pain in his chest, made him stay. With a shaking hand he held the iron knob and slowly turned it, letting the heavy door slid open. What he saw made the blood in his veins turn into burning ice. Aragorn was sitting on the edge of the bed, his eyes staring forward unseeing. They were dry, but were red-rimmed and blood-shot, and in the light of the candle Legolas could see the reflections of salty tear-tracks down the pale face. The man was still as a statue, barely breathing, his chest moving up and down almost imperceptibly. He looked as if he had not moved from this position in hours. Down on the floor laid a yellowish piece of parchment. It was not crumbled and rather looked as if it had been barely touched. But it was not carefully lain down either – it rather looked as if it had fallen – slipped from the frozen fingers of a listless hand. Legolas waited for a moment, hoping that his friend would give some sign to indicate that he had noticed his presence. The man did not move, and he ventured a step forward. "Aragorn…" he started timidly. The man did not react and he tried to swallow the lump in his throat. "Estel, mellon nín ," he whispered and sat on the edge of the bed, slowly laying his palm over his friend's forearm. "Please… what is it?" The only response he received was a sharp intake of breath, almost a sob. Legolas tried to suppress his growing panic and bent down, lifting the parchment and gently placing it on his knees. "May I?" he asked softly, his gaze drifting towards the letter. Aragorn did not respond, and he