Bad Idea Summary: After the War of the Ring Legolas settles in Ithilien, but King Thranduil misses his son and invites him to Greenwood for a visit. To everyone's horror the younger elf decides to bring a friend. And a friend's father. Disclaimer: All characters and places belong to Tolkien Estate and New Line Cinema. Fortunately! If I owned both Thranduil and Glóin I would have had no idea what to do with them. Note 1: I never believed I would ever say this, but… Here it is! My very first story with no Aragorn in it :-) Please tell me how I did. Note 2: Gimli and Legolas are listed as main characters, but although they are pretty major, the story is in fact about Glóin and Thranduil. However, none of the two appears in the character list. (As I have mentioned in one of my other stories, Gilraen and Arathorn are not on the list either). I hope the site will fix that one day… Note 3: This story was written for the Teitho "Friend or Foe" challenge. It placed first. The dwarf fixed him with a cold, dark glare. Snow-white hair was framing the wrinkled face, but age had done nothing to lessen the flame in those determined brown eyes. Gimli fidgeted nervously. He could not understand how his father's gaze alone was always able to make him feel once again like a little dwarfling whose beard had not yet grown to its full length. "You expect me to meet the Elvenking?" Glóin's voice was under control, but his son could easily sense the underlying danger. "Legolas thinks that you two should meet," the dwarf said in a small voice. "He believes that there can be friendship among our peoples." "Legolas? Ah, the Elf. I see." Glóin looked at the younger dwarf critically. "And you, my son? What do you think?" Gimli hesitated. "I think that this is a very bad idea." "Good," his father said approvingly and nodded in satisfaction. "I see that you have kept your wits in spite of the time spent with the Elf." "You are not coming then?" Gimli asked, trying to hide the relief in his voice. Glóin grinned. "On the contrary. If I do not come, your Elf will never know just how bad his idea has been." Gimli gulped nervously. He did not like this at all. oOo Legolas was relieved to learn that Faramir had just returned from his short visit to Minas Tirith. Gimli and his father were expected to arrive any time now, if Glóin accepted the invitation of course, and he wanted to leave for his father's halls immediately. However, he did not want to leave Ithilien unattended and was glad about the Steward's presence. Not long ago a letter had arrived from his father, asking him to come for a visit. Legolas had been thinking for some time that it would be good to introduce Gimli to King Thranduil, and had invited his friend to come along. This was when he realized that he was curious to meet Gimli's father as well. And then disaster happened. In a moment of madness, which the other Ithilien elves contributed to some evil sorcerer who had stolen their lord's brain, Legolas decided that it would be a wonderful idea for Glóin and Thranduil to meet. Surely the two could easily resolve their differences, and maybe even be friends. Surely. The Elves in Ithilien shook their heads in horror, wondering desperately if Legolas would ever get his brain back. They truly hoped it would be before his plan had been set into motion. But the Valar had already decided otherwise. Legolas strode forward and greeted Faramir with a wide smile. "Well met, my friend!" He called. "What news of the White City? How fares the King?" The Steward suppressed an exasperated sigh. "King Elessar fares well, but he is quite shocked by your decision and begs you to reconsider it." The elf laughed. He had expected that much. "Did you tell him that he is invited to join us?" "I did. He regrets that he cannot come, but his duties keep him in Minas Tirith." "His duties?" The elf snorted in disbelief. "I am sure he is simply scared to be present when my father meets Glóin." "And he should be," Faramir said darkly. Legolas smiled in amusement. It was not such a bad idea, was it? He only hoped that Glóin would accept the invitation. oOo "My Lord?" Legolas raised his head from the letter he had been writing and nodded at the elven messenger. "Lord Gimli and his father have arrived." The Lord of Ithilien cried out in joy in a rather undignified manner and rushed to meet the guests. Men and elves turned back to look at the fair creature, running fast as a panther, his hair flowing like a golden banner behind him. Faramir spotted him and shook his head in apprehension. "This is a very, very bad idea," he murmured. Legolas stopped shortly before he had come in sight of the two guests and fixed a slender braid that had become loose during his mad rush. After brushing some dust off his clothes the elf was satisfied that he looked presentable enough and walked forward with a genuine smile. He had been worried that Glóin would not agree to come, or that Gimli would be too fearful to ask his father. But now it seemed that his fears had been for nothing and the old dwarf had proven to be not as pig-headed as he had thought. The elf looked at the silver-haired dwarf in curiosity. He had last seen him at the Council of Elrond, and it was hard to tell if Glóin had aged after that. He had the same snow-white hair, the same wrinkled face, and the same inextinguishable fire in the dark eyes. Legolas resisted the urge to greet his dear friend first, and turned his attention to the dwarf whose trust he yet had to gain. He placed a palm over his heart and bowed slightly in greeting. "It is a pleasure to meet you, Master Dwarf. My name is Legolas, son of Thranduil, and you are a guest in my home." Glóin grunted in contempt. "I know very well who you are, elf, and if I were you, I wouldn't say my name and my father's name so proudly." Gimli groaned and buried his face in his palms. If anyone else had said that to Legolas, a sharp axe would have been the last thing he would ever see. But the dwarf's respect for his father was immeasurable, and he was reluctant to even reprimand him. Legolas' eyes suddenly turned cold as a mountain lake. "And I suppose you have what to be proud of, Glóin, son of Gróin? As far as I remember it was your and your companions' greed that nearly led to war between my kin and yours." "My greed? Our greed?" The dwarf sounded furious. "We only desired something that belonged to us by right! It is your father who wanted something that was not his! That thief!" "Don't you dare speak of my father!" Legolas hissed and blue and brown eyes locked in a deadly glare. Gimli was staring in shock and despair. It broke his heart to see the two he loved most of all speak like that, and he did not know whom to support. It seemed to him that they were both right. And that they were both wrong. And whatever side he took it would seem to him as the ultimate betrayal. "Father, perhaps we should return to Erebor," he suggested softly. Glóin did not tear his eyes from the elven prince. "No, my son. I would love to speak to this elfling's father. There are a few things I want to say to him." "Very good," Legolas hissed in return. "Let us go to the stables and get horses, and we will ride towards Greenwood." "I am not riding," the silver-haired dwarf said firmly. The elf shrugged. "You have no choice. I shall ride with your son, and I can find an elf, or a man if you prefer, to ride with you." "I am not riding," Glóin repeated in a tone that allowed no argument. Legolas looked at him incredulously, "Surely you cannot want us to walk to Greenwood? Have you any idea how long this will take?" "Yes, I have," Glóin replied simply and walked past the elf without looking back. oOo Legolas strode forward, frowning unhappily and murmuring something about the stiff necks of dwarves. He had hastily collected some supplies for the long road and followed his two companions. This was folly! It would take them weeks to reach his father's halls on foot! Especially considering the length of dwarven legs. Or rather the lack of such. The elf sighed. He was being unfair and he knew it. Gimli had already proven on more than one occasion that his determinedness and strength of will compensated for his small size, and he was able to walk almost as swiftly as his elven friend. He was sure that Gimli's father possessed the same ability. But right now he was too angry at the silver-haired dwarf to admit it. Hours passed and the distance they had traveled from Ithilien grew. The sun was sinking below the horizon, and a cold breeze blew from the north, caressing Legolas' face and cooling down his temper. As his initial rage slowly subsided, the elf repeated the confrontation in his mind over and over again, trying to figure out what had gone wrong. He had thought he knew better than that. He had expected Gimli's father to regard him with distrust and contempt, and he had thought that he had been prepared. And indeed he had been prepared for all insults the dwarf would have in store for him, and had been prepared to meet them with patience and humility. What he had not been prepared for was that the dwarf would insult his father. He would have suffered Glóin say anything about him, but he could not stand anyone speaking of his father like that! The sun finally set and the forest was covered in darkness. Glóin sat on the grass and stretched his legs wearily. "We rest here," he said in a voice filled with authority. Legolas frowned and was about to ask the dwarf who had made him the leader of the trio, but then he remembered his decision to be patient and only nodded. "You can go to sleep, I will take the first watch," he said. The two dwarves spread out their bedrolls under an ancient oak and quickly prepared to sleep. Legolas gazed at the two forms lying on the ground, illuminated by the pale moonlight. So alike, and yet so different. Both sturdy and bearded, both stubborn and proud. And yet, one despised him with a passion, while the other would gladly die for him. Glóin fell asleep almost instantly, apparently not disturbed by anything. His son, however, tossed and turned, unsuccessfully trying to find a better position. Legolas sighed in relief. He desired to speak to his friend, and that way he would not need to wake him up. He stood and walked to the restless dwarf and placed a hand on his shoulder. "Gimli," he whispered. "Come, my friend, we need to talk." Gimli stood up and looked at him, his eyes clear and focused. It was obvious that he had not been anywhere near falling asleep. "So you finally realized what a bad idea this was?" He asked softly. Legolas shrugged. "I do not know. He cannot speak calmly even with me, and I cannot imagine what he will be like with my father. And I thought I was prepared for his outburst, and I was willing to fight to win his trust. I am afraid my father will do