Surprise Surprise Summary: King Elessar's birthday is approaching, and someone has a secret plan to surprise him. However, the king has a plan of his own, and when a few assassins become involved, the plans' failure may have a deadly outcome. Disclaimer: All worthy characters belong to the Master and His estate. I own only the assassins.They might not be very fun, but can come in handy if you want to get rid of someone ;-) Note: This story was written for Teitho Challenge "Well-laid Plans". It won the first place. Note 2: This is a two-chapter story. The second chapter is finished and will be posted very soon, as soon as I've given people the chance to read the first. Beta: Kalisona Chapter 1: Many Plans " Ada , look!" Eldarion pointed excitedly at the arrow sticking out of the trunk of a tall birch. The young prince's eyes were twinkling with excitement, and the boy was fighting hard the urge to start jumping up and down. "I hit it!" Aragorn could not stop the wide smile that spread across his face. He was determined not to show his son how proud he was, so that the boy would not become overconfident. But he was proud, and it was impossible to hide it. In the past few days Eldarion had shown admirable progress in his archery lessons, and it was obvious that his natural talent, together with his hard work and great desire to improve, were giving wonderful results. "I can't wait to show Legolas how good I am!" The boy said enthusiastically. "You will show him soon enough," the King said. "He is coming for my birthday celebration. Perhaps he will be here in a few days." Oh, he could not wait to see Eldarion showing Legolas what he had learned! The elf had claimed that Aragorn would be unable to make his son a good archer without his help. And it was time to prove him wrong. Of course, the King was happy to have his friend give Eldarion a few tips, as he wanted the boy to learn as much as possible, but still he was pleased to know that he had proven to be a good tutor. " Ada , do you think I could challenge him to an archery contest?" The child asked. Aragorn suppressed a chuckle. "This will be a bad idea, my son, unless you want to lose. But you may challenge him to a sword fight." Eldarion's face brightened. "You think that I am better than him with the sword!" The man was considered his answer for a second. "Probably not. But soon you might be. Go bring us two swords!" The child was beaming with excitement as he ran to fetch the swords. Aragorn looked after him with a smile. It was so good to spend time with Eldarion, but he knew that this would not last long. His birthday preparations had made everyone been busy, and no one was giving him any peace. Why did people need to ask him everything? How many tables should there be, how many guests on each table, what kind of meals, what songs should the bards sing, and many other details he had never thought about before. In the meantime, he was given no break from his normal duties, and his life had just become busier than usual. Arwen had tried to help as much as possible with the preparations for the celebration, but still he was needed most of the time. And why did they need to celebrate anyway? What was there to celebrate in getting older? He was brought out of his musings as Eldarion returned, carrying two blunted, training swords. One of them was smaller and lighter. "I like fencing with you, ada ," he admitted. "You never let me win on purpose. When I play games with nana , any game, she always lets me win. She can't understand that I am no baby and I can handle defeat." "Of course you can," Aragorn replied with a conspiratorial smile and raised his sword. "But now we need to make sure that soon we will see how Legolas handles defeat. Defeat by a twelve-year-old, too." Eldarion laughed and raised his sword to block his father's blow. He took a step back and prepared to attack, when he heard someone call. "My Lord! King Elessar!" Aragorn looked at the man and suppressed a groan. He could not handle any more birthday questions. The messenger's next words, however, were a pleasant surprise. "My King, Lord Faramir and Lady Éowyn have arrived!" "They are here?" The King smiled, pleased by another welcome distraction. "Eldarion, we will continue your lessons as soon as we greet them," he said, and followed the messenger. The child nodded happily. He wanted to meet the guests too. They walked towards the gates, where the Steward had arrived with a small escort. Faramir and his wife stepped forward and bowed to their king. "We have come to celebrate your birthday, my Lord," Faramir said. "I am glad to see you, my friend," Aragorn said. "I wish you could visit us more often, and not only on the sad occasions." "Sad occasions?" Éowyn asked with a smile. "Is a birthday a sad occasion, my Lord?" "Perhaps not at your age, my Lady," the kind replied. "Do not forget that it is not how many years you have lived," she said, "but how you feel at heart that determines your true age." "And how you look," Faramir added. "And you certainly do not look your age, my Lord." Aragorn laughed. "I am most glad to hear that." His keen eyes moved through the escort, scanning every face, trying to spot someone else who certainly did not look his age. "Tell me," he said, "when is Legolas coming?" Faramir briefly looked away before answering. "He will not be able to come for your birthday," he finally said. "Duty keeps him in Ithilien. He apologized and hopes that you have a good celebration." "He is not coming?" The king asked, unable to hide the disappointment in his voice. "What happened? Are things going ill in Ithilien?" "No, worry not, my Lord," Faramir assured him. "All is well, but still a lot of work is needed to restore the forest to its previous beauty. And Legolas has taken this duty to heart." -:- "I know that more work is needed to restore the forest," Aragorn said bitterly. "Faramir told me that already. But this is no urgent work. It can be done anytime. Why did he choose to stay now, on my birthday?" "I thought you did not believe your birthday to be such an important occasion," Arwen reminded him softly. And it was true. Raised by Elves, Estel had grown accustomed to celebrating his begetting day, and the human tradition to celebrate the actual day of his birth still felt foreign to him no matter how many years he had done it already. His servants, of course, would have none of that and insisted that the King of Gondor's birthday should be celebrated properly. He sighed. "That is not the point. He knows how much I want to see him. I thought he wanted to see me as well. And I haven't seen him in seven months. Seven months!" "You have spent years without seeing him," Arwen pointed out. "Or me. Or any elf. What is different now?" "It is different," Aragorn said. "In the past I have often been forced to wander and stay away from the ones close to me. But now we live both live in Gondor, and we live in peace. He is not so far away, and yet I have not seen him in seven months! It makes no sense. In his last letter he told me that he would be coming for my birthday." "Perhaps things in Ithilien are busy right now," she suggested. "But Faramir is able to come!" He countered immediately. "If Faramir can come, Legolas can come as well." "Then maybe at least one of them needs to stay," Arwen said. "And if that is the case, Legolas would be the logical choice. The Steward is expected to be present at the King's birthday." "You are right," he said with a sigh. "As usual. But I cannot stop feeling that Faramir was hiding something when I asked him about Legolas. Could it be… could it be that he does not want to come? Could he be angry with me?" "Why would he be?" She asked. "I do not know," he admitted. "But I see no reason for his refusal to come. It matters not. I will know soon enough," he said and stood up. "I am going to Ithilien. He should not mind the visit. And I will be back on time for my birthday." Had he imagined it, or had Arwen suddenly paled at his words? "You cannot go!" She sounded almost pleading. "You cannot leave me alone to handle all birthday preparations and meet all guests!" Her voice softened and she held his hand and kissed it. "I know that you miss him. But you can visit him soon enough. You could travel to Ithilien after your birthday. Faramir will be here, so he can take care of Minas Tirith in your absence. Be patient, meleth nîn ." He nodded. "And you are right once again. Once this bloody birthday is over, I will be free. I could visit him then." Had he imagined it, or had Arwen breathed a sigh of relief? -:- "The king will stand over there." A long, skinny finger pointed forward. "And the prince will be over there." "How do you know this?" A deep voice asked. "I befriended some of the servants involved in the celebration," the first man said with a grin. "Naturally, none of them knew why I needed the information." "Naturally," the second man nodded in approval. "Tell me, Pyasak, how many men do you have?" "I have brought twenty men, my Lord," Pyasak replied, "but I will use only five to do the work. We need to remain invisible. Two of them will be standing at that window." He pointed up. "Another two will be standing over there, and another one there. On my signal, three of them will fire arrows at the King, and two at the Prince. At least one of each set of arrows should be deadly. But tell me, my Lord, are you sure you do not want us to do it before the birthday? We have had a few possible opportunities so far." The Haradrim grunted impatiently. "I told you already! I want the King and the Prince dead at the same instant, and no mistakes! If we kill one of them first, the other one will be more closely guarded. But only during the birthday celebration will we have a sure and clear shot of both of them." Pyasak nodded grimly. It would be done. After the War of the Ring, King Elessar had signed a peace treaty with Harad. However, some tribal lords were not satisfied with it. And why would they be? Gondor had fields with rich soils, many stock and trees with juicy fruit, high mountains and fresh-water rivers. And what did they have? Sand. Every day in the desert was a fight for survival. There was no grass for their stock to graze, water was scarce, and the merciless sun would often kill the ones who did not know how to protect themselves. Pyasak's heart ached as he thought about his starving children, hiding in the shade of the tents, hoping that they would make it alive until the next day. And he thought about all children of Gondor who always had a plate of food on the table before them, and a roof above their heads. Who were not forced to wander homeless in search for water. What had they done