It has been a very, very long while, my friends, since I have started a long, multi-chapter story. Real life has kept me away from writing, but I have never stopped thinking of Middle-earth and our heroes. I doubt I will be as active as I once was, but this story at least should be updated regularly. A Dark Past Summary: Years ago a noble man made a grave mistake out of weakness. And now the King of Gondor and his friends and family must pay for the sins of another. Rating: T Disclaimer: As always, this story is written only for enjoyment. I do not own any of the marvelous canon characters, which is perhaps why they are still safe as sound. Note: This story starts one year after the end of "The Only Way to Kill the Dragon". There will be some very brief references to my older stories in the first two chapters. You do not have to read them first to understand this one and I do not ask you to; these are simply intended as nods to my long-time readers. I will make sure there is nothing confusing for newcomers. Chapter 1: The Beginning of the End 'Eldarion's birthday looks so different this year,' Legolas thought to himself as he scanned the guests' happy faces. Last year it had been a hard-won celebration after numerous trials and after barely surviving a dragon, shadows, Aragorn's own misguided stubbornness and what-not, while today the feast was following a year of peace and prosperity. Everything was going more than well – the woods of Ithilien were coming back to their former beauty, Gondor was rebuilding, and all traces of war and destruction had been more or less wiped away. But these past months had been even more blessed, Legolas thought with a smile as he gazed at one very special guest; one, who had not been present at Eldarion's last birthday. Two-month-old Gilraen was asleep in the Queen's arms, and for that Legolas was grateful. The baby's incessant cries whenever she was awake were a torture to his sensitive hearing, and he briefly wondered if he had ever been this bad. His respect for his own parents greatly increased at the thought. The sun had set long ago, but plates and glasses were full, the musicians were playing and singing, and everyone was merry. After a while Arwen stood up and announced that she and her son and daughter would retire for the night. Eldarion protested loudly, claiming that it was his birthday after all, and it was not fair if they went on celebrating without him. Unfortunately, the boy could not suppress a yawn at his words and there was no arguing with the Queen. As Eldarion passed by Legolas on the way out, he grinned at him and his companion. "Are you coming with us tomorrow, Uncle Gimli?" "I fear I have seen enough of horses these past days, laddie," the Dwarf said. "You go out riding without me. But please keep an eye on your father and the elf for me, will you? I always worry when I am not there to keep them out of trouble." Eldarion laughed. "No worries, Uncle Gimli, I will return them both safe and sound!" The young Prince squeezed his friends' shoulders and followed his mother out of the door. -:- "What, no trying to escape the guards this time?" Legolas asked teasingly. Aragorn slowly massaged his temples. "Not today, my friend, I fear I am not in the mood." "Growing old, are we?" The elf was trying to sound light, but in truth the idea of his friends getting old had been a constant fear for some time. Worst of all was the uncertainly – he had no idea when old age would start to affect the King, whether it would be in decades or in mere years. He had seen men much younger than Aragorn succumb to age, but there was no other mortal man in whom the blood of Númenor ran so strongly, so there could be no comparison. He had tried not to think about it, not to count the new wrinkles and grey hairs he would notice every time he visited his human friend, but it was hard to push these thoughts completely out of his mind. "What is wrong?" His voice suddenly became worried as the man winced as if in pain. "It is nothing, I simply wish we had postponed this trip for tomorrow, that is all. Urgh, the sun is so bright this morning!" Aragorn closed his eyes and angrily rubbed against his eyelids. Legolas frowned, puzzled, but suddenly burst into laughter as all pieces came together to paint the full picture. "Wait until Gimli hears this!" He managed in between gasps. "The mighty King of Men defeated by a mere hangover!" Aragorn glared at him indignantly. "You are wrong, Legolas, it is merely my guards that I think of. Yesterday was the Prince's eleventh birthday, the celebration lasted long and everyone overindulged. I do not feel it is right to force the poor men to accompany me in their condition." "Oh, is that so? How very considerate of you!" The elf could not stop his body from shaking in mirth. "Then let us escape them and put them out of their misery!" "Not today!" A firm voice from behind said, and the elf and man turned around to look at the young Prince. "I gave Uncle Gimli my word that I would return both of you in one piece, and I mean to keep it!" The child's face was so solemn that Aragorn could not resist joining in his friend's laughter, much to Eldarion's dismay. But the careless sounds of mirth suddenly died down as Meril, Eldarion's mare, stood up on her hind legs and neighed in terror. With a cry, Eldarion fell to the ground, and Meril bolted and disappeared into the trees. "Eldarion! Are you hurt?" Aragorn had jumped off his horse and was now running towards the fallen boy. But then he gasped in horror when he realized what had spooked the mare. A bright green snake lay curled on the ground, staring menacingly at the boy. Where had it come from? Aragorn had never seen such snakes in these woods and did not recognize the kind, but the bright colour left no doubt that it was poisonous. Aragorn's heart hammered in panic – the creature could pounce at any moment! He would not reach his son in time! A quick look around told him that Legolas and the guards were trying to make their way to Eldarion as fast as they could, but it could not be fast enough. Aragorn felt the blood drain from his face and his knees go weak, but he kept on running. He had to reach his son, he had to! Suddenly he stopped short in his tracks as a body flew down from the high branches. A young man landed gracefully right between Eldarion and the snake. There was a forked stick in his hand and he held it up. The reptile hissed at him and shot forward, but the young man was faster. With a move almost too swift to follow, he captured the snake's head with the stick's end. Before anyone could breathe a sigh of relief, he knelt down, grabbed a large stone and smashed the creature's head against the ground. The guards had drawn out their swords at first, unsure if the newcomer posed any thread to the King and Prince, but they were all standing still now, staring in astonishment. And then the spell was broken and everyone started moving once again. Aragorn rushed to his son and the boy threw himself into his father's arms. Legolas approached and placed his hands on his friend's shoulders. "All is well now, Eldarion is safe. Eldarion is safe," he said softly, noting that Aragorn was shaking more than his son. "Is he badly hurt?" "O-only my ankle," Eldarion answered instead of his father, his voice still unsteady. "Nothing serious." Satisfied that his friends would be well, Legolas turned his attention towards their unexpected saviour. What he saw surprised him. The man seemed to be in his early twenties, of average height, dressed simply in travel-worn clothes. His pale freckled face was framed by fiery curls, which was very unusual for a Gondorian, and his features possessed a striking beauty that went much beyond the usual charm of youth. Legolas narrowed his eyes, for a moment wondering if an elf stood before him, but there was no doubt that the stranger was a man. "You saved the Prince's life," the elf said. "You have our gratitude." Aragorn had regained his composure by now and stood up, nodding at the boy. "What is your name, my young friend?" "Algar, my liege," the young man mumbled, looking down. "Gondor is in your debt, Algar. If not for your skills and bravery, I could have lost my son. Name any boon that I can grant, and you shall have it." Algar blushed fiercely. "Sire, I need no other payment than the knowledge that the Prince is well. But we are facing more urgent matters now; your son is injured. Let me take you to my hut. I live with my twin sister. She is a healer and can help with his ankle." "Thank you for the generous offer," said Aragorn. "Your kindness will not be forgotten. Lead the way." Meril had returned cautiously, and she was given to Algar. Eldarion protested only briefly when his father held him and placed him on the horse in front of him. Even if the boy was unwilling to admit it, the ordeal had shaken him and he needed the comfort. Legolas frowned thoughtfully as he replayed the recent events in his mind. "We were fortunate you were in that tree," he said, guiding his steed to fall in step with the young man's. "What were you doing there anyway?" "I was collecting linden blossoms for my sister," Algar replied easily. "She uses them to make tea against the cold." "And that stick of yours?" Legolas's puzzlement at the miraculous rescue had not abated. "Do you always carry it around?" "Ah, that?" Algar grinned at his improvised weapon. "I take it whenever I need to pick anything from trees. It is useful in pulling the faraway branches closer. See – my home is over there!" They could all see a small wooden house in the middle of a clearing. A girl was kneeling on the ground, tending the garden. At the sound of voices she looked up and gasped. Wavy red hair was falling down her shoulders and her face was nearly a mirror image of her brother's. She stood up and hastily bowed. "Yes, Frea, this is King Elessar," said Algar cheerfully, clearly amused by his sister's astonishment. "Now hurry up and help us, the Prince is in need of aid!" Frea hurried forward and helped the boy dismount. "Welcome to our humble home, my Lord," she turned to Aragorn. "It is an honour to have to you here." "The honour is mine, my lady," Aragorn said and gracefully slid down his horse. The girl blushed. "Please, Sire, I am no lady." "You are the lady of this house, and we are your guests here," the King countered. "Let us pay you the respect you deserve." The siblings led the company inside. A cauldron of rabbit stew was boiling merrily over the fire, and soon Legolas and the guards received a bowl each. Aragorn declined the food, willing to see to his son's needs first. When Frea was done setting and bandaging Eldarion's leg, she set out to prepare tea for the pain. Aragorn was observing her silently. "You have some skill in the healing arts," he remarked. "It is no more than what we need to survive," the girl said, blushing once again.