Bill's Journey Summary: This is the story of one often forgotten member of the fellowship. A pony, whose journey was no less life changing. Disclaimer: None of the characters are mine. Sentences in italics are taken from the books . Note: This story was written for the Teitho Challenge: "Growing Up". It placed second. Thanks everyone for voting! Note 2: I have listed Sam and Aragorn as main characters, and they are both pretty major, but the real main character is Bill the Pony. Unfortunately, he was missing from the character list. This is not the first time I can't list a character because they are not on the list – Glóin and Thranduil (main characters in "Bad Idea") and Gilraen and Arathorn (main characters in "To Keep Hope for Myself") are also missing. I hope the site will one day add them. I think they all deserve to be there. The tall mare shook her head, letting her shining dark mane glow in the bright sunlight. The magnificent horse trotted along the road, unaware of the two sad brown eyes watching her movements in awe and no small amount of envy. There was a hole in the wooden fence circling around Bill Ferny's yard, and a small animal had made his way there. The poor creature was half-starved and to many he looked to be at death's door. To many, yes, but not to his master. Bill Ferny was not known for his kindness and taking care of his pony was the least of his concerns. To him it was enough that the animal lived, and he knew that the pony, skinny as he was, was not dying just yet. The pony, however, was less than satisfied with his life although he knew that it was not less than he deserved. He often came to that hole and looked at the passing horses, silently admiring them. And yet, he knew that he was nothing like these beautiful creatures. Those strong and proud animals were born to bear tall men, lead them into battle and perform great deeds. And what was he born to do? Pull the cart laden with Bill Ferny's corn. Never would he be great enough to follow in those horse's footsteps and do deeds worthy of remembrance. He was small and insignificant. He was a little droplet in the boundless ocean that no one would ever remember. The pony had rarely seen anyone else of his kind. Most of the time he saw the large horses, and the view filled his heart with grief and longing. He wanted to be one of them, but he was bound to carry Bill Ferny's corn until the rest of his days. Besides the horses, the pony often observed their riders. Many of the men he saw in Bree were not much unlike his master and he had little respect for them. But there were still many who looked different, somehow nobler, and the little animal could not help wondering if his fate would have been any different if one of those men was his master. But he knew very well that it would have been the same. He was not born for anything bigger. The pony had a special fascination towards the men called 'rangers'. They were always covered in mystery and to him they looked like wild horses – proud and untamed. Besides riders, he saw many people walking on foot. And among them he noticed a different kind of men – little men with curly hair and hairy feet. And the poor animal saw how much like him those little people were – small and powerless, unable to change the world around them, bound to let the current wash them away and unable to fight back. And the desperate animal mourned that his master was Bill Ferny and not one of those little men. They would understand him better. They would know what it meant to be small. -:- When it happened, the pony could barely believe it. Bill Ferny sold him, and he sold him to four of those small and hairy men nonetheless! He heard the little creatures murmuring that his master had sold him for twelve silver pennies – at least three times his true worth. The animal had no idea how much twelve silver pennies were, but the thought that they considered him cheaper irritated him. But did he have any right to be irritated? Was he not just as cheap? And yet, he could not feel anger at the four small men because in their voices he could detect something he had never heard in his master's voice. Pity. He was glad that at last someone cared about him, but was pity the only feeling he was able to evoke? Would he never make others admire him just like he admired all the magnificent horses he saw? There was a big man with the four small ones, a ranger called Strider. The pony could not help noticing how much the four small ones compared to Strider looked like him compared to the horses he loved observing. The ranger was wise and strong, knowing what he was doing and where he was leading them. The four small ones, on the other hand, seemed frightened and lost. Just like the pony. Early morning the pony was laden with the company's supplies, and the feeling of being useful lifted his spirits a bit. His new masters were kinder to him and he thought that perhaps his burden would be easier to bear. As they departed, Bill Ferny called to them, mocking the ranger and one of the small ones, whom he called 'Sammie'. The one called Sam answered with sharp words and quick as lightning turned back and threw an apple, hitting Ferny square on the nose. " Waste of a good apple ," the little man said regretfully. The pony wanted to laugh. Perhaps the little one was not that helpless after all! -:- The Black Riders were something the poor pony did not wish to remember. The mere thought of them chilled him to the bone. After the incident, however, the company decided to put one of the small men, the one called 'Frodo', on the pony's back. It seemed that he had been wounded and was unable to walk by himself. The animal had never been ridden before and this made him feel something foreign to him – pride. True, he was being ridden by one of the small and hairy ones, but it was still a step forward, and his new existence had some dignity. Moreover, his new masters were treating him kindly, especially Sam, and the pony did not hesitate to show his affection towards the small man. And when the pony showed everyone that he had developed a strange talent of choosing the path that would jostle his rider as little as possible, everyone wondered at him and their spirits rose. -:- Sam called him Bill. Bill. His former master's name. Only days ago he despised this name with a passion, but everything Sam said was good. He was Bill now and he would proudly bear his name. -:- The four hobbits, as Bill soon learned that the little men were called, and the ranger wondered at the great improvement they could see in the pony. Had the poor beast's treatment at Bill Ferny's place been so bad that life in the wilds seemed like a relaxing trip to him? What they did not know was that the physical change in Bill was a result of the change in his spirits. The pony was witnessing something he had never seen before. He could see the way that loyal Sam was gently taking care of the injured hobbit, seated upon the little beast's back. He could see the strong support that each of the four hobbits had for each other. He could see how carefully Strider was watching over them all, making sure they were safe. Bill Ferny had never taken care of him, or of anyone else, in this way. In fact, he had never seen any being care about another so much. And he was in awe of the strength of the bonds he had seen. Perhaps there was more in this world than what he had seen while serving his former master. Perhaps it was not just physical strength that made one go on in the times of hardship. -:- After some time the company met a stranger. He was the most beautiful creature that Bill had ever seen. He was tall like a man, but was more slender and had no beard. His hair, however, was very long, smooth and silky, and shone like molten gold under the bright sunlight. And this unusually fascinating man rode the most magnificent horse. The stallion's hair was silver like the moon and there was grace in every movement he made. There was no contempt in the steed's eyes when he looked upon Bill. There was only warmth. Strider handed Frodo to Glorfindel, for this was how this creature of light was called, and the ranger and the four hobbits followed with the pony. Where they were going, Bill still did not know. -:- In Rivendell Bill was surprised to see more of those wondrous, beautiful creatures. They took good care of their horses, and they took care of him as well. The stay at the Elven Haven changed him greatly – he was now glossy and looked younger. The starved, half-dead pony was gone. As the Fellowship departed, Sam insisted that they took Bill with them. "That animal can nearly talk," he said, "and would talk, if he stayed here much longer. He gave me a look as plain as Mr. Pippin could speak it: if you don't let me go with you, Sam, I'll follow on my own." No one could argue. "Look!" Glorfindel leaned towards Elrond and pointed at the pony. "He is the only one of the Company who does not seem depressed." "And for a good reason," the Lord of Rivendell replied. "The poor beast cannot imagine what is awaiting him." "Or perhaps he can," the golden-haired elf said thoughtfully. "Perhaps he knows more than you give him credit for." -:- Bill curiously observed his new companions. The four hobbits and Strider were there, much to his delight. There was an old man with a long, grey beard who appeared to be their leader. This was strange since he did not appear to be the strongest of them all, but maybe strength was not as detrimental as he had once thought. One of the fair beings was also coming, and he was constantly arguing with a smaller man, hardly taller than a hobbit, with a large, reddish beard. Another man was coming as well, one who looked much like Strider, but was better dressed and significantly cleaner. What Bill noticed the most, however, was the fact that they had taken no horses. It was obvious that these were some great warriors who had gathered together to fulfill an important mission, and yet they had chosen to take no horses. They had chosen to take him instead. Him. Bill the Pony. And he swore to prove himself worthy of this honor. -:- Every night when everyone else slept Bill often remained awake to listen to Strider and Gandalf, as the old man was called, discuss their possible course. It seemed they were wondering if to go through the mountains or to follow a path darker and eviler of which they dared not speak. Bill's heart ached for the two of them, taking all the burden upon themselves and letting all the rest sleep in peace. One night Gandalf was about to retire after the usual argument when the ranger stopped him. "There is something else that troubles me," Strider said. "It is the pony. We will not be able to take him with us until the