No Trouble at All Summary: While Legolas is riding to Minas Tirith after a disturbing letter he had received from the King, the Elf does not suspect that he is about the have the worst day imaginable. Disclaimer: I don't own anything except a few cows and the nasty bull. Note: This was written for the Teitho '24' Contest. The challenge was to write a story that focuses on 24 hours of the character's lives. It won second place. Thanks to everyone who read and voted! Legolas kicked at his steed's sides, urging the horse forward. The sound of hoofs hitting the ground mingled with the sound of the wind in his face, and he kicked once again, always feeling that he was going too slowly. Words from Aragorn's letter still burned in his mind, giving him no rest. My dear friend, I have to ask you to ride to Minas Tirith with all haste. I am in great need and I need the help of someone I can trust. Come as soon as you can! Aragorn Thousands of questions troubled the elf, making him shout to his stallion to run faster and faster. What had happened in Minas Tirith? Why did Aragorn need him? What matters could be so urgent? Legolas had to admit that he was worried. Therefore, as soon as he saw the walls of the White City before him, he breathed a sigh of relief, but at the same time his heart clenched in anticipation of the grave news he was going to hear. The elf did not wait for the stable boy to take care of his horse and jumped down and rushed forwards until he reached the gates to the seventh level. The guards let him pass him and led him to the King. Aragorn strode forward to meet his friend, and Legolas observed that the man looked greatly relieved. "I am glad you made it," the King said. "I need your help, Legolas." "What happened?" The elf asked immediately, still panting slightly from the exertion. "I have a favor to ask of you," Aragorn started hesitantly. "Arwen has gone to Rivendell to visit her brothers, and I had to take care of something very important in her absence. Unfortunately, a delegation from Harad arrived yesterday and I will be busy with trade negotiation for the next day. Now I need someone I could trust completely to do it instead of me. I would have asked someone else, but-" "What is it?" Legolas interrupted him impatiently. The elf's worry had only grown. Aragorn's reluctance to tell him the news immediately could mean nothing good. The man paused indecisively. "I want to ask you to take care of Eldarion. It is only for a day. This time tomorrow I should be finished with all meetings and I will take care of him once again." "You want me to look after your son?" Legolas was incredulous. His friend's letter had sounded so urgent, it had almost made his heart stop with worry, and all this had been about taking care of a six-month-old baby! Aragorn misunderstood him and shifted guiltily. "Usually his nurse stays with him, but she has a cold now and we thought that it would be unwise to have her with Eldarion – she might be contagious and he is just a baby. I know it is much to ask, but I am sure you will manage. It is only for about twenty-four hours." "Much to ask?" Legolas snorted. "It is not much to ask at all! Aragorn, I thought that this would be something more serious. Of course I would gladly take care of your son! Besides, I love playing with him!" "Good!" Aragorn said, sounding clearly relieved. "Thank you, Legolas, I will never forget that! Do you want me to send some maids to help you?" "Ah, there is no need!" The elf waived his hand dismissively. "I can easily manage with a child. Worry not, my friend, tomorrow your son will refuse to be parted from me." The king laughed. "I am glad. I have a lot of work, so I will not be returning to the royal chambers tonight. Arwen is gone, so you have them all for yourself. You know how to care for a child, do you?" "Certainly," the elf replied with a nod. Truth be told, he had never actually handled a child. Very few elves were born in Mirkwood after his birth, and he had been close to none of them, and so he had not met them as children. He had seen Eldarion once before and had played with the baby, and this was his entire experience with little children. But it could not be that hard, could it? A baby was just a smaller man. Aragorn nodded with a grateful smile. "I will leave you then. If you have any trouble, call one of the maids. I will meet you again this time tomorrow. Arwen is returning in three days, and I will hand Eldarion to her then, so that if you are still in Minas Tirith I could even be able to spend some more time with you." "I will be looking forward to that," the elf replied happily. "But right now I am looking forward to spending a day with your son. Hour 1: Legolas walked into the room and smiled at the baby sleeping in the cradle. This would not be hard at all. All he had to do was sit down and watch over the child. The elf yawned and relaxed in a chair next to the cradle. He was exhausted by all the worries and the wild ride to Minas Tirith, and he was just drifting into sleep, when Eldarion suddenly opened his eyes and started crying. Legolas jumped and was immediately at the little prince's side. The elf's eyes were wide with worry as he looked over the tiny body. What was wrong with the child? He did not seem injured. Perhaps he was ill? Legolas touched the little forehead, but there were no signs of fever. "Shh, don't cry, little one," he whispered soothingly, and took the baby in his arms, rocking him back and forth. "There is no need to cry." He started singing, but the baby's cries only intensified. Legolas' brow furrowed in confusion. Why was the child crying? Was this some strange human disease he knew nothing about? He heard a maid passing down the corridor and quickly ran out, still holding the child in his arms. "Wait!" He cried. "You must help me!" The maid stopped and looked at him in confusion. "Yes, my lord?" "Prince Eldarion – he is crying!" The elf looked panicked. "I do not know why! Maybe it is some disease I know nothing about?" The maid looked at him as if he had gone insane. "Or maybe the Prince is just hungry," she said simply. "This is the reason babies usually cry." Legolas gasped. Of course! How come he had not thought of that before? Babies were unable to walk, so they could not go and get their own food. They were unable to talk, so they could not ask someone else to feed them. Their only choice was to cry and thus demonstrate their hunger. The elf thanked the maid and rushed inside the royal chambers. He had to feed this child as fast as possible since his sensitive hearing was unable to bear the crying anymore. Besides, he was not sure if staying hungry was healthy for the young one. Legolas suddenly remembered that he had some lembas left from the journey and smiled in relief. This would certainly feed the child fast. He took a small piece of the elven bread and placed it in the child's mouth. Eldarion's silver eyes widened in surprise, and he spat the bite towards the elf. Legolas blinked as the saliva-covered piece of lembas hit him between the eyes. "Come now, Eldarion, I thought you were hungry. Maybe your parents do not usually feed you with this, but it is very tasty and I am sure you will like it." To illustrate his point, the elf put a bite of lembas in his own mouth and ate it, twisting his face in an expression of utter pleasure and rubbing his stomach contently. "See? It is good." He put another piece in the child's mouth. This time, however, he was prepared when Eldarion spit it out, and ducked, leaving the projectile fly over him and land on the floor. He sighed tiredly and looked through the window, noting the position of the sun. Only one hour had passed, so twenty-three more remained. Surely he would survive twenty-three hours… Hour 2: As soon as Eldarion spat out the second bite, his cries intensified. The child was obviously hungry, but stubbornly refused to eat, much to the elf's dismay. "You know how to eat, do you not?" Legolas murmured surprised. "I put the bite in your mouth, and then you chew it with your-" Suddenly the elf took a glance into the child's mouth and froze in horror. No wonder Eldarion could not eat! The boy had no teeth! What sort of devilry was that? Was it some terrible disease that made all teeth fall out? Legolas mustered his courage and took a closer look into the child's mouth although the view was horrible and sent shivers of terror down his back. No, his teeth had no fallen out. That would leave holes. No, it looked more as if the child's gums had grown and had covered his teeth. Whatever the truth was, one thing was certain. Some terrible illness had befallen Eldarion, and Legolas was the first to discover it. Now it all depended on him to save Aragorn's son from a horrible and possibly painful death. "Help!" He screamed and rushed out of the royal chambers, holding the still crying child in his arms. "Help! I need help! The prince needs a healer!" A young servant heard him and ran to him. "What is it, my Lord?" The boy asked fearfully. "What happened? Are you hurt?" "It is not me," the elf replied urgently. "Young Prince Eldarion is suffering from a terrible disease. I need a healer immediately!" The servant's eyes widened in worry. "Follow me, my Lord. I will take you to Ioreth. She will know what to do." The elf and the boy ran towards the Houses of Healing as fast as their feet could carry them. They burst into the room while the elderly healer was examining a patient, and stood at the door panting. "What are you doing here?" Ioreth asked. "Do you not see that I am working?" Her eyes shifted towards the crying child and she frowned at Legolas. "The young prince is obviously hungry. You could go and feed him instead of standing here." "Lady Ioreth," Legolas mumbled, trying to fight his rising panic. "I… he… Prince Eldarion needs your skills! He is gravely ill and I fear that he does not have long to live!" The old healer paled and stared at the elf. "What is wrong with him?" She quickly asked. The elf paused briefly, hating to bring the terrifying news. "He has no teeth." "What?!" Ioreth, the servant, and the patient screamed at the same time. Legolas bowed his head in grief. He knew that the news would not be accepted lightly. What if it was too late? What if this was a mortal disease that had no cure? How was he going to tell Aragorn that his son was dying? Unbidden tears came to his eyes and he blinked to keep them there. The shocked silence lasted for a few moments until the servant boy recovered first. "You mean to tell me that you made me take you to Ioreth because the prince has no teeth?" The elf frowned. "We should not have come to Ioreth? Why? Is