A Wizard is Never Late Rated: K Summary: While waiting for Gandalf, Aragorn and Legolas are faced with some unexpected trouble. Disclaimer: They do not belong to me. Part of the last scene is movie verse and there are a few quotes from the FotR movie. Note: This story was written for Teitho Challenge "The Four Elements". Nothing fancy, my attempt to bring the four elements into one single concept, not sure how successful it is. Note to the ones reading "The Only Way to Kill the Dragon" : You are perhaps surprised to see me online :-). Good news is – although my internet connection is pretty bad as I was told, I am able to come online once in a while, so you will get your updates before I return. The next chapter is already written and sent to my beta for editing. It will be posted as soon as she sends it back to me. Gandalf closed his eyes and pressed his palms tightly against the Great Eagle's back. The wind was blowing in his face, but he paid it no heed. He could not believe this was happening. Again. He was sure that it would never happen again, but he had been wrong. And, just like last time, his delay would possibly have fatal consequences. "Hurry! Hurry up, my friend!" He whispered urgently. The cool night air caressed his brow, but it never blew his cares away. sixty-five years earlier "This is it!" The ranger muttered angrily and started pacing around the fire. "We cannot wait anymore!" "He will come," the elf said with irritating calmness. He was standing with his arms crossed across his chest, casually leaning against a tree. "I know that he will come," Aragorn said and suddenly stopped his pacing to look at his fair-haired companion. "The question is when . He was supposed to be here a week ago. He said he wouldn't be late." "He is not late," Legolas argued. "A wizard is never late." "I know, I know," the ranger said with a sigh. "Nor is he early. He arrives precisely when he means to. He had repeated this to me perhaps a thousand times. But if he means to arrive a week after he has said he would, I wouldn't call it 'not being late'." The elf, who was still leaning against the tree, raised his hand to his mouth and yawned tiredly. "Well, the only thing we can do is wait for him here until he comes." "Maybe something happened to him," the man said, this time sounding worried. "What could happen to him? He is a wizard after all," Legolas replied with another yawn and slid to the ground and, ignoring his friend's exasperated gaze, swiftly drifted into sleep. He wondered briefly what had awoken him, but quickly figured it out. It was the sensation of something wet and cool hitting his face. And again. And yet again. It bothered him and he blinked before his eyes came into focus. "What's that?" He murmured sleepily. "It is called 'rain'," Aragorn's amused voice reached his ears. "It comes as water droplets falling from clouds in the sky. I thought you would have learned that in your centuries-long life." Legolas snorted. "Well, it seems one always has something to learn," he said merrily and looked up. The rain was still not very strong, but the dark clouds covering the sky worried him. The fire wasn't burning anymore, and grey smoke was rising from the wet logs. "Gandalf hasn't arrived yet," he whispered after looking around. "No," Aragorn replied softly. "But I hope he does before all water in Middle-earth has poured onto our heads." He had barely spoken when all water in Middle-earth indeed seemed to pour over their heads all at once. But one would expect that the water would pour and stop, while this one continued pouring again and again. "Well, I suppose Gandalf could arrive in an hour or in a day now," Aragorn said with a sigh. "It would make no difference. I doubt we could get any wetter than that." "One could always get wetter," Legolas said wisely, but suddenly frowned. "Do you wish to look for a shelter?" The young ranger quickly shook his head. "We should stay here. Gandalf will probably come some time soon, and I don't want to miss him." "As you wish," the elf replied with a shrug and leaned against the tall form of an old oak. Even though it was the middle of the day, the sky was dark as if it were a starless night. Well, at least I can feel at home now , Legolas thought bitterly. True, the darkness was probably not his favorite part of Mirkwood, and certainly not the one he missed, but he had to try to enjoy what he was given. Legolas squeezed the water out of his hair for the hundredth time although it was rather pointless considering that in less than a minute it would be just as wet as it had been before. The squeezing, however, gave him a false sense that he was doing something useful that would keep him dry, which in his case was impossible. He wiped the water from his brow, which, as a small and evil voice inside his head helpfully pointed out, was just as pointless as squeezing the water out of his hair. The sky hadn't cleared at all and there seemed to be no sign that Gandalf would be coming soon. He had probably found a shelter and is waiting for the rain to stop , he thought. And this is what we should do as well. True, he couldn't catch a cold, but this did not mean that Legolas enjoyed the rain. His hair and clothes were plastered on his skin, causing an uncomfortable sensation. His boots were filled with water and he had the feeling that his feet were standing in two deep and cool ponds. But what worried him the most was the often sneezing at his side. "You will get sick," he said softly but firmly. "We must find a shelter and built a fire to dry our clothes." "But Gandalf –" the young man started, but was promptly interrupted. "Gandalf can wait," Legolas said. " We have waited for him long enough." Looking for a shelter was easier said than done. The ground had turned into thick and sticky mud, and every step made the ranger's boots sink deep down. It was a hard work just to lift one's feet, and his face would have been covered in sweat if the rain wasn't constantly washing it away. What was worse, the elf next to him was walking lightly on top of the mud as if it was hard ground and gave no indication to be having any trouble. Several times they tried to find shelter under one of the larger trees, but even the densest leaves and branched had proven to be a poor protection against the merciless water. Aragorn suddenly dropped to his knees with a tired sigh, which, naturally, was a bad decision since his legs immediately sank into the mud. But the ranger didn't seem to care and looked up. "This is hopeless," he whispered. "We will never find anything. We could wait here or go back, but I cannot continue." His words would have sounded firm and determined if they hadn't ended with a loud sneeze. Legolas looked back and the merry face suddenly grew concerned. "You will be ill if we stay out in this weather for a few more hours," he said. "We must continue. We will find something sooner or later." His voice grew louder and at the end almost turned to shouting so that he would be heard over a loud thunder. But the young man only shook his head. "I am sorry, mellon nîn , I cannot go on." Legolas crouched in front of him and smiled mischievously. "Now, Strider, please don't tell me that the mighty ranger will be defeated by a bit of water!" "This is not a bit of water!" Aragorn protested, but the elf only smiled and stretched his hand to help him to his feet. "Come," he whispered and his smile grew when the young ranger accepted his hand. The man didn't even protest when the same slender hand squeezed the water out of his dark hair. "You know that there is no point in doing that," Aragorn observed. "In less than a minute my hair would be just as wet as it was before." The elf conveniently ignored the question and led them forward. The man swiftly fell into silence, disturbed only by occasional sneezing, so that he could save his strength for the walking. But the walking didn't last as long as they expected. Legolas suddenly came to a halt and pointed towards a large hole in a nearby rock. "This will do," Aragorn said as he quickly entered the cave. It had the shape of a long tunnel going deep below the mountains. "Yes, it is large enough," Legolas observed. "You can wait inside for the rain to stop, and I will be right in front of the entrance." The ranger swiftly looked back and stared at his friend. "You are not coming?" The elf shook his head. "No, I don't like this cave. It is too dark and narrow. I prefer to wait here." Aragorn looked at him in surprise. "You are being stubborn as an Oliphant. No wait, worse. Stubborn as an elf. So you prefer to be soaking wet?" "Yes," Legolas replied simply, obviously intending to put an end to the discussion. His friend, however, would have none of that. The ranger grinned slightly and their eyes locked. "Now, Legolas, please do not tell me that the mighty elf would be defeated by a bit of darkness!" Legolas shrugged and chuckled lightly. "My dear friend, this trick might work on foolish and naïve humans, but it certainly does not work on elves." "As you wish then," the ranger said. "I just didn't want you to wait in the rain. You look terrible. You look like a wet chicken." The elf froze for a second at stared at his friend. "A wet chicken?" He asked softly. When the man nodded, he paled imperceptibly, hesitated for a second and entered the cave. Aragorn couldn't hide his smile. Well, that trick certainly does work on elves. If you want to make an elf do what you want, always appeal to their prissiness. An hour later the rain was still pouring, but the two didn't care. They were sitting around a fire, and their clothes had almost dried. The man was dozing lightly, his sleep occasionally disturbed by the loud thunders, and the elf was leaning against the wall, gazing at the dancing flames. Aragorn rubbed his eyes as another thunder sounded through the tunnel. He was about to try to go back to sleep when loud noises at the entrance made him jump to his feet. Legolas was on his feet as well and had to quickly step to the right to avoid a falling stone. The cave was filled with dust and the man and the elf exchanged a worried glance. It was obvious what had happened. The last thunder had hit a tree, which had fallen, pushing rocks and boulders on its way. The cave was collapsing. "Run!" Legolas shouted and grabbed the man's sleeve, pulling him to the entrance. But their way was blocked by large boulders and falling rocks. It was Aragorn's turn to grab his arm and pull him back. "We cannot get out, the entrance had collapsed," the ranger hissed urgently. "We must go back, the depths of the tunnel are still intact." "I am not going there," the elf muttered in panic and tried to run back towards the falling stones. The madness that flashed through his eyes worried