My Path Summary: Gandalf and Pippin have left for Minas Tirith, King Théoden is preparing to gather all strength of Rohan and offer Gondor his aid, and Aragorn is about to decide what path he should take himself. At the same time, Legolas debates his own path, and where it will take him. Disclaimer: I do not own any recognizable characters, places, or events. All text in italics is copied from the book (some words, phrases and sentences are omitted). Rated: K+ Gandalf had left, taking Pippin with him. Merry stood and listened until the sound of Shadowfax's hoofs, tapping on the hard ground, faded away into the dark night. At last he turned back and returned to his friends, his heart heavy. Aragorn patted Hasufel's neck and looked up as the Hobbit approached. Legolas stood nearby with Arod, and Gimli was next to him, eyeing the horse with a small amount of distrust. On accord the four lifted their gazes and their eyes met. Only four of the Nine remained. They had lost Boromir to the cruel arrows, Frodo and Sam had chosen their own path, and now Gandalf and Pippin were gone. They were all that was left of the Company, but would they stay together much longer, or would their roads separate? Grey, blue, and brown eyes sparkled with the same wish. They wanted to stay together. Until the end of this War, and beyond. But would fate be so kind? " So four of the Company still remain," said Aragorn. "We will ride on together. But we shall not go alone, as I thought. The king is now determined to set out at once. Since the coming of the winged shadow, he desires to return to the hills under cover of night. And there, I think, he will hear tidings of war, and the Riders of Rohan will go down to Minas Tirith. But for myself, and any that will go with me . . ." " I for one!" cried Legolas , as if on instinct. He did not need to hear what Aragorn was planning to do, or what road he meant to take. Whatever it was, he would follow. He had made this decision long ago and had sworn an oath to himself, which he did not mean to break. Yes, he would follow Aragorn to Mordor and beyond if need be. " And Gimli with him!" said the Dwarf. Legolas smiled. Only a few months ago he would have laughed at anyone who claimed that one day that he would be glad to travel in the company of a Dwarf. But now, as it was, he could not imagine the journey without his shorter friend. Aragorn's heart felt lighter at those words. As long as the Three Hunters were together, they could face anything... or so he hoped. Still, the days were short and the decisive hour was coming fast. They would have to face it, whether they were together or not. " Well, for myself," he continued , "it is dark before me. I must go down also to Minas Tirith, but I do not yet see the road. An hour long prepared approaches." " Don't leave me behind!" said Merry, and Aragorn felt his heart clench painfully at the thought of the brave Hobbit. If he was to decide, they would all stay together, but what if the path he was about to take was not meant for Hobbits? But, then again, would it be meant of Dwarves or for Elves, or for Men for that matter? It was too early to consider their options yet for the path ahead was still dark and unclear. Aragorn mounted Hasufel and pulled Merry in front of him. Twenty-four horses set forth, and twenty-six riders – Merry shared a horse with Aragorn and Gimli with Legolas. The company rode swiftly and in silence, only a blur of movement in the darkness of the night. They had not yet reached the Fords of Isen when the sound of a galloping horse made them stop. The messenger approached King Théoden. " My lord," he said, "there are horsemen behind us. They are overtaking us, riding hard." The Riders halted and dismounted swiftly. Each held a sword or a spear in hand and held their breath in anticipation. They were only twenty-six against... how many? If Saruman had decided to strike again now, while the king had not summoned all forces yet, the odds were against them. Fortunately, the king's time had not yet come for the Riders were no enemies. They were Rangers of the North, led by Halbarad Dúnadan, who have come in search for Aragorn, their Chieftain. King Théoden was overjoyed to have the Dúnedain by their side and all Riders continued on together. "Did you notice, Gimli?" Legolas whispered, turning back on the horse so that his companion could hear him. "Not all of the newcomers are Dúnedain. Those two are the brothers Elladan and Elrohir, sons of Lord Elrond of Rivendell." "I saw them in Rivendell," the Dwarf replied, looking at them in wonder. Two warriors, tall, dark-haired and grey-eyed. So much alike they were that he could not tell them apart. For a moment he wondered if Legolas could. "Yet the time was short and I could not talk to them." "And you were not too keen on conversing with Elves back then," Legolas added with a knowing smile. "But come now!" He said before his friend could protest. "The brothers and I are old friends. I wish to speak to them!" The Elf urged Arod faster so that they now rode closer to the Dúnedain, but slowed down as he heard that Elrohir and Aragorn were talking softly. It seemed as if their conversation was too dark and not meant for other's ears, but Legolas was too close already and could not help overhearing the words. " I bring word to you from my father," The raven-haired Elf was saying, " The days are short. If thou art in haste, remember the Paths of the Dead." The Paths of the Dead? Legolas frowned. He had heard the Rohirrim talk of those Paths with fear and awe. He did not fear the Dead, and yet the mention of that road filled his heart with a dark foreboding that he could not yet explain. Why? Where had this strange fear, these dark doubts and hesitations come from? It was only a road, like any other. True, it was the realm of the shadows, but the ghosts of Men could not frighten him. Then what was wrong? Nothing. Yes, it was a road like any other, nothing more. It started at Dunharrow and went beneath the White Mountains to exit further south. And what then? Aragorn would have to reach Minas Tirith. So he would have to travel east, and then north. They would likely reach the River Anduin, perhaps at Pelargir, and if possible would travel by water to reach their destination more swiftly. South. The River Anduin. And then all pieces of the riddle seemed to come together, to paint a picture so dark and sinister that it made Legolas gasp. It was only now that the Lady's prophecy, which Gandalf had brought, started to mean something to him. The words were clear in his mind, as clear as they had been when he had heard them for the first time. And how could he forget them? It was a prophecy that spoke of a fate worse than death. Legolas Greenleaf long under tree In joy thou hast lived. Beware of the Sea! If thou hearest the cry of the gull on the shore, Thy heart shall then rest in the forest no more. The forest was his life. Each tree brought him peace and joy… Thy heart shall then rest in the forest no more. This was not something he could imagine or comprehend, and his heart filled with dread at the thought. What could it mean? It was speaking of the Sea-longing, that much was clear. Once the longing was awoken in an Elven heart, the unfortunate soul could find no happiness and peace until he followed the call and sailed. Yet, why would Lady Galadriel warn him of the Sea-longing? If it had not been awoken until that day, what could awake it now? The cry of the gulls on the shore, the Lady had said. But he was not about to be near any shore… or so he had thought. Gimli and Aragorn had questioned him about the meaning of the message numerous times. He had been unable to give them the answers they sought, and the three had stayed for long hours debating what the warning could mean and how they could avoid the consequences. Legolas felt that his friends suspected he knew the answer but refused to share it. They were wrong. The Elf had no idea what the words could mean. Not until now at least. Legolas shook his head with a soft sigh. Perhaps it was too early to worry. Perhaps even if they went through the Paths of the Dead, they would reach Minas Tirith by the old road and would not follow the river. Perhaps he would never hear the cry of the gulls. And then he remembered what the Lady's message to Aragorn had been. Near is the hour when the Lost should come forth, And the Grey Company ride from the North. So far it had all come to pass. And then the prophecy went on, But dark is the path appointed for thee: The Dead watch the road that leads to the Sea. This was the Paths of the Dead, no doubt. No other road would be watched by the Dead. So it was true then. The Paths indeed led to the Sea, and they would be his doom. No, he could not follow that road! He had spoken hastily when he had said that he would follow Aragorn anywhere. Never, never had he thought that 'anywhere' could mean the Sea! Legolas feared neither Orcs nor Men, neither battle nor pain, but the Sea… the Sea was a danger that terrified him. He did not wish to hear the Call, he did not wish to leave! Middle-earth was his home; the trees, the birds, the stars – they all spoke to him. He needed to stay more, see more, feel more! And the Call… that Call would rob him of all the joy he could feel here, of all the love he held to those places. He would not hear the soft and comforting voices of the trees anymore, only the deafening roar of the Sea. He would not hear the beautiful songs of the birds anymore, only the screeches of the gulls! Legolas felt his chest tighten. No, he could not live like that! But if he refused to go, then what was left for him? King Théoden was planning to gather an army and march to Minas Tirith. Perhaps he could join him and avoid going south? Or perhaps he could even ride to Minas Tirith by himself and not wait for the army? He would join Gandalf and Pippin and aid the White City in any way that he could. Legolas clenched his fists angrily and felt his heartbeat accelerate. And what if Aragorn chose to follow the Paths of the Dead? Who knew what terror and peril awaited there! Would he let his friend go there alone? No, Legolas could not do that. And yet, he could not follow that road either. The Elf felt warm tears sting his eyes and blinked to keep them from falling. 'Do not do this to me,' he thought desperately as he gazed at Aragorn's back. 'Do not force me to make this choice. Please.' No, he would not do that. He would not share his fears with Aragorn. His friend had to choose the right path