TheMost Important Skill Rated: K+ Disclaimer: I don't own any recognizable characters or places. Summary: Young Aragorn is about to leave with the rangers, and his family and friends try to teach him the most important skill for living in the wilderness. Each of them has a different theory what this skill is, but at the end it turns out to be something none of them expected. Note: This story was written for Teitho Challenge: Skills. I didn't post it earlier since I wanted to edit it a bit and didn't have time. It was very hastily written, I had no time and wrote it at an airport waiting for the plane and submitted it as it was – full of mistakes (blushes in shame). I hope it's better now. - The raven-black stallion stopped abruptly and shook his head in clear disapproval. The young ranger looked down and blushed guiltily. "I know, I know, Aros, I am not supposed to open them before I arrive at the camp." The horse neighed happily and trotted forward. Aragorn sighed in frustration and stared at the five packets tied to the saddle. If only he could see what was inside… He had spent time with the rangers before, but usually not more than a few weeks. Never before had he left Rivendell for such a long time. The young man didn't feel particularly worried, but apparently everyone else held a completely different view. They had all thought that this was a big step and had insisted on giving him a proper 'education'. Finally, curiosity won the better of him and he stopped his steed and jumped down. The stallion stared at him, clearly disagreeing with his actions, but the ranger paid him no heed. "I do not care what you think, mellon nîn , I am going to find out what they had given me," he stated firmly. His resolve faltered slightly when the horse grunted angrily, but when his eyes rested on the packets, he pushed all doubts away. His hand traced a long object, wrapped in white cloth, and he quickly untied it from the saddle. He remembered very well how Elladan had given it to him. Do not open it until you arrive , the elf had instructed. Well, he did not have to know. The ranger unwrapped it and gasped. It was a beautiful dagger, clearly elven made. The hilt was white, decorated with shining precious stones. Aragorn hid it in his boot, and it became his constant companion for many years to come. " Life with the rangers is going to be dangerous, little brother," Elladan said. "You will face many foes, and you must learn many skills in order to survive. But there is a skill that is completely necessary if you are to live. You must learn how to fight." " I can fight," the young man protested. " Yes, you are doing alright with a bow and you are not bad with the sword," Elladan said and smiled. Not bad with the sword? His little brother was exceptional. But, of course, the human did not need to know that. "But there might come a time when a knife can save your life." " Why exactly a knife?" The ranger asked. " I have accompanied the rangers many times, and I have seen what battles they fight," the elf answered. "Years ago we were attacked by a large group of orcs. I lost my sword in the fight and had to face an orc only with my knife. I was fortunate to have some skill with that weapon, otherwise I would be dead. You must learn to fight with a knife, little brother, it is the most important skill you are going to need as a ranger." Aragorn smiled and traced a shallow cut on his left forearm. Elladan's teaching method involved a mock fight, and, of course, it hadn't gone without accidents. Aros neighed impatiently and tapped the ground with his hoof. He looked at his master with obvious disapproval. "I know, mellon nîn , I promised not to open them before I arrive." Aragorn looked apologetically at his steed. "You are not going to tell them, are you?" The angry look at the horse's face showed that he was going to tell them. "Well, if you are going to tell them, I suppose I am doomed, so I can look at the others anyway," the ranger said with a grin. Aros grunted in frustration and turned around. Aragorn approached the saddle and untied another packet, wrapped in blue. He quickly unwrapped it and chuckled at what he saw. A small, wooden pipe. " You will soon leave us and join the rangers, Estel," Elrohir said, his voice filled with sadness, concern, and pride at the same time. "I want to know that you are prepared. This is why I decided to teach you the most important skill you will need." " The most important skill?" The man asked. His arm still hurt from Elladan's teaching. " Yes." His foster brother nodded. "Tracking." Elrohir led the ranger to the forest. "A few hours ago I walked along a path. I want you to follow my route." Aragorn knelt down and walked forward confidently. The elf was good at hiding his tracks, but the man had mastered this art long ago. He could easily read every broken twig, every bent grass. Until they reached a narrow stream. The tracks ended in front of the water. The ranger crossed it swiftly, hoping that they would continue on the other shore, but they didn't. " And now what, little brother?" Elrohir asked with a smile. " Now I will go up and down the stream and examine both shores until I find the tracks again." " This sounds like a good plan, but you will lose a lot of time if you start with the wrong direction," the elf countered. "Besides, there is no way to know which direction is right since you might give up and turn back just before the tracks reappear." Aragorn frowned in concentration. "You are right," he murmured, took out a pipe and lit it. Elrohir coughed violently and tried to push away the smoke with his hands. "Estel, do you really need to do this? It is terrible! You know how I hate it!" " I think better when I'm smoking," the man answered. " I doubt it," the elf grunted but suddenly stared at his brother with amusement. Aragorn's eyes were shining brightly as if he had been struck by a sudden idea. The man jumped to his feet and quickly collected a pile of rocks and soil. He used them to block the stream, and soon the water started collecting behind the makeshift bent, leaving the river bed after it dry. Soon tracks almost washed away by the water appeared where the river had been. " You have gone this way," Aragorn pointed downstream, smiling triumphantly. " What if there were no tracks?" His brother challenged. " This would mean that you have gone upstream, so that I cannot see them." The elf nodded, looking impressed. "I still thing you could have guessed this without smoking," he argued. " You are wrong," the young ranger said. "You have no idea how much this helps." Aragorn placed the pipe in his pocket, and it, just like the knife, became his constant companion. Aros was looking furious by now. He could not believe his master had completely ignored his brothers' wish to open the packets once he had arrived. But the young man was not going to stop there. "Let us see what we have here," he said and took a packet wrapped in green. Inside he found a few green fletched arrows, looking much better than the arrows he fletched himself. " You life as a ranger will be dangerous, Estel," Legolas said. "But you can easily survive it if you learn the most important skill." " I already know it," the man answered quickly. Two lessons in a single day have been quite exhausting, even painful, and he had no desire to have another one. The elf's eyebrows were raised in surprise. "You know it? Mellon nîn, you are a terrible archer. I doubt that you will survive more than a month with your skills, or your lack of such." Aragorn sighed inwardly. Archery. He should have known. He certainly wasn't a 'terrible' archer, he was definitely above average, but the elf's standards were unbearably high. " After you have had a good shooting lesson, I will teach you how to fletch arrows. Your arrows are so clumsily made that I am surprised they fly at all. But we must start with something basic, and your style needs to be changed completely. As it is, you shoot like your brothers." " I'll take this as a compliment," the ranger murmured. Legolas only grinned mischievously. "Don't." The man shook his head in amusement. His fingers traced one of the arrows, and he gazed at it in admiration. He would never be able to fletch arrows like this one. Aragorn had to admit that the archery lesson had been quite pleasant and he had enjoyed it. Now, his next lesson was a completely different matter. Ignoring his horse's horrified stare, the ranger reached for he next packet, wrapped in red silk. He wasn't at all surprised at the herbs packed inside. " No matter how careful you are, Estel," Lord Elrond began, "you will surely be injured sooner or later. Your men will often be injured or ill. You are their leader, and you must be able to take good care of them and of yourself. Therefore, the most important skill you will need to survive in the wilderness is the art of healing." " You have already taught me a lot, ada," the young man said. He was feeling rather tired after his three lessons in 'the most important skill' and didn't think he would bear a new one. "I am grateful for all you have shown me. I trust that I will be able to treat most injuries and illnesses that will arise." " I haven't taught you everything," Elrond said. "I have yet to show you something very simple, but at the same time very useful. I haven't even taught Elladan and Elrohir how to make it, but I believe you would need it." The ranger had suddenly paled. "Ada, please do not tell me that you mean Your Special Tea!" Elrond smiled amused. "'My Special Tea', as you, Legolas, and your brothers like to call it, is actually called 'Green Root Tea' because the main ingredient, as you might have guessed, is the green root. It puts the ones who drink it to deep and healing sleep, greatly increasing their bodies' natural abilities to fight wounds, sickness, or poison. When they awake in a few hours, they feel as if their bodies had had at least a few days to heal." " I know this," the young man said. "I have experienced it often enough. But you missed a very important characteristic of Your Special Green Root Tea." " I did?" The elf lord looked surprised. "What is it?" " That it tastes like warg urine," the ranger said suddenly. Elrond's eyes widened and he did his best to look shocked rather than greatly amused. "Really? And, may I ask, how many times have you tasted warg urine?" He asked with a raised eyebrow. " I have never tasted it, but I imagine it just like your tea," the man replied grumpily. The elf lord sighed. "It is not that bad, Estel. Whatever the taste, the beneficial effects are worth it." Aragorn looked unconvinced. "Have you ever tasted it?" " Once. A long time ago. After that I am doing everything possible to stay out of trouble and avoid using it. I was hoping that it would