Beta: Kalisona Rated: T Disclaimer: Any recognizable characters and places are not mine. The original characters are mine, however, and the Valour Contest is my creation, don't try to find it in the books :-) Summary: King Elessar tells his son a little Estel story. Estel enters a skills competition for elven children, faces contempt and disdain, and fights to prove his worth. At the end Eldarion learns a valuable lesson. A/N 1: I have assumed that at the time when Estel is eight (i.e. about eight decades before the end of the Third Age), there have been elven children in Rivendell, Mirkwood, and Lothlórien. They are not mentioned anywhere, but I don't think there is a strong proof that there weren't any. If you disagree, you are free to consider this an AU element. A/N 2: Two of my original characters might appear too 'mean' for elves. Please keep in mind that these are children, and they don't always realize the full extent of what they are doing. Well, I'm afraid you are going to hate those two by the end of the story :) A/N 3: This story is a standalone, but if you wish you can think of it as a prequel to "Friendship is a Family Trait". I know that you want a sequel, not a prequel, but you'll have to wait a bit more for that. It will be coming eventually. Translations: adar – father ada – form of adar ; daddy meleth nîn – my love mellon nîn – my friend ion nîn – my son peredhil – half-elven -- Not One of Us -- Aragorn looked curiously at his eight-year-old son across the table. The boy seemed to be in a hurry to finish his soup, and he wondered what the reason might be. A quick glance at his wife told him that she had noticed it too. "Eldarion, what are you planning to do this afternoon?" Arwen asked, looking carefully at her child. He was so intent on finishing his meal as soon as humanly possible that his shoulder length dark locks were almost dipped into the soup, and his lively gray eyes glimmered with joy and excitement. "I'm going swimming with Lador and Vorion," Eldarion replied proudly. A few weeks ago the three children had discovered a glade not far away from the city, where the river was perfect for swimming. Since then they all loved to go there, of course, closely watched by the Prince's loyal escort. Aragorn's gaze darkened for a moment. " Ion nîn , I wish to talk to you about that. I saw Berehil yesterday and the child seemed upset." He noticed his son shift uncomfortably and look down guiltily, and continued. "You two used to be inseparable, and now you play only with Lador and Vorion. You never take him with you to the glade." "But, ada, he cannot swim! He is not one of us! We cannot take him with us!" Aragorn sighed and locked eyes with his son. "He cannot swim, but he has other skills. He is a better rider than you." "He is not!" Eldarion protested immediately. "This is not the point," Arwen suddenly said with a gentle smile. "What your adar is trying to tell you is that he is your friend and you cannot dismiss him only because he is not exactly like you. Our strength is in difference, Eldarion, and you shouldn't seek friends who are exactly like you. You have strengths, ion nîn , but you also have weaknesses, and those weaknesses will be your friends' strengths. And only if you stand together will you reach far ahead. But your father should tell you about this; he knows this better than anyone," she added, and winked mischievously at her husband. "Do I?" Aragorn asked sincerely perplexed. "Of course you do," the Queen replied. "You have been in the same situation as Berehil before." "Really, ada ?" Eldarion's eyes widened. "You couldn't swim?" "He could," Arwen said, "but not as well as the elven children." Noting Aragorn's confused expression, she quickly added, "Estel, why don't you tell Eldarion about the Valour Contest?" The King suddenly paled. "You know about that?" "Of course I do. Ada told me. But you look ashamed, meleth nîn , and I can see no reason. You should be proud of what you did." Eldarion's attention was by now completely won, and so great was his curiosity that he was even willing to miss the swimming in order to hear the tale. " Ada , what is the Valour Contest?" He asked. Aragorn sighed in defeat as two sets of gray eyes watched him expectantly. "It was an event that used to take place every ten years. It was a competition among the elven children. They faced different challenges that ranged from running, swimming, and climbing trees and rocks, to tracking, hiding, and hitting targets with stones. It was designed to determine which children had a potential to become great warriors, and the winners were honored. When I was your age, Eldarion, my mother persuaded Lord Elrond to let me participate." "You competed with elven children?" Eldarion's eyes widened even further, and his voice was filled with pride with his father. "And you won?" "Well, not exactly," Aragorn decided that there was no point in telling Eldarion that he had, naturally, done worst of all. "But it was not an ordinary competition that year and a lot of things happened." -x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x- "I still think this is a bad idea," Elrond said. "You know that Estel won't be able to do many things the others will do easily. And I do not know how well he will be met – children can be very cruel sometimes, even elven children." "He really wants it," Gilraen protested and her gray eyes shone with silent determination. "His friends will be going and he will grieve if he is left behind." "And yet my heart is against letting him go," the Elf Lord said softly. "There are many children who do not know Estel, and I am not sure how they are going to accept him." The woman suddenly smiled brightly and gazed through the window where two elven children, Sadron and Meldiron, her son's closest friends, were playing merrily. They were going to participate in the Valour Contest and Estel hoped to join them. "And my heart tells me that he must go. Trust me, my Lord, I know that something good will come of this." Elrond looked at her with great interest. "How do you do this, my Lady? I am the one who is expected to know the future, and yet you tell me what is going to happen. And, Valar help me, I trust you completely!" Gilraen looked at him kindly. "A mother's heart can know things that even the wisest cannot foresee." Elrond nodded in agreement and she smiled triumphantly. She had won. Estel was going to the Valour Contest. After they left the room and the door closed, one of the large wooden chests opened and a small form crawled out. The child brushed some strands of unruly dark hair from his fair face, and grinned victoriously. Then he rushed to the window and waved at the children playing outside. "Estel!" Meldiron shouted happily. "What happened?" "I am coming!" The boy shouted back. Then he rushed down the stairs laughing. When he reached his friends, he threw his arms around them. "I am coming." -- Estel looked at the crowd in wonder. The forest glade where they had all gathered was filled with Elves from the Three Realms – Imladris, Eryn Lasgalen, and Lothlórien. The boy had never seen so many strangers in the same place before, and he looked closely at each one of them – some dark, some golden, some tall, and some shorter, but all of them fair, slender, and proud. Soft whispers of hushed conversations were heard through the glade as old friends met and new acquaintances were made. But suddenly all whispers ceased and all eyes were fixed on the tall figure that slowly walked to the middle of the crowd. His hair shone like a river of molten gold and his face was fair and noble. King Thranduil of Mirkwood was given the honor to open the event. His eyes traveled through the crowd, silencing the last whispers. "Welcome to the Valour Contest!" He began. "We are all here today to honor the future warriors and defenders of the Three Elven Realms. The youngest of us will compete against each other and test their skills. Let the lithest in body, the keenest in mind, and the noblest at heart win! May the Challenge begin!" Other speakers followed and the rules were explained. Through the first stage the participants were to be divided in groups of three and sent to various tasks. Each group would have a grown elf for a leader, who would appoint the tasks and record the scores. "Are you ready, Estel?" Elladan asked and grinned at his little foster brother. "I can't wait to start," the boy answered. And indeed he looked confident and calm. This was not the case, however, with the twins and Elrond. The three peredhil exchanged nervous glances. Soon the little boy would be taken away from them and forced to face challenges side by side with elven children, something they knew that Estel wasn't physically prepared for. He was certainly stronger and more agile than any human boy at his age, but next to the elves he would surely appear clumsy. That scared them and they didn't know how the boy would take it. Estel appeared calm, but actually he was also starting to worry. He hoped that he would be placed in a group with Sadron and Meldiron, but instead he was assigned to go with two elven children from Mirkwood, Locien and Alagos, who he had never seen before. Veryan, the elf assigned to record their scores, led them further into the forest. "This challenge consists of several parts," he explained. "The first will be a simple race. You have to run to a tree and climb it. On top of the tree you will find a bag of round stones you will need later in the challenge. You need to take the bag and climb down. Then you will run until you a reach a fence, where you will see ten wooden rings hanging on it. You need to throw the stones through the rings. I will give you points depending on how fast you are and how true your aim is." Veryan walked forward and Locien and Alagos chuckled. "Did you see his ears?" Locien asked giggling. "They are the ugliest thing ever!" Estel heard him and had no doubt whose ears they were talking about. He blushed in shame and anger, but didn't speak. "I bet he cannot even run!" Alagos said. "His legs are so fat! And he surely cannot climb trees!" "And did you see his hair?! It is so filthy! And has he ever seen a comb in his life?" This was too much. Estel knew that his legs weren't slender like elven limbs, but they were certainly not fat! Besides, he had washed and combed his hair this morning. Yes, it wasn't straight like elven hair, but it was wavy, not tousled. "I can run!" He suddenly shouted. "And I can climb trees! Maybe even better than you!" The two elven children stared at him silently for a second, and then burst into laughter. Estel could feel his heart beat wildly in his chest and tears of helpless rage stung his eyes. How could they? What had he done to them? They didn't even know him! Little fists clenched in determination. They would see. Oh, yes, they would see soon enough what he was capable of! Finally, they reached the end of a long field. "This is where the race