Sagiel:A challenge from a friend, I am not sure if this idea is worth something, tell me what you think. Chapter 1: The fifth house It was the the time that everyone at Hogwarts had been waiting for during the last few days of summer. The Sorting, the ghost watched excitedly from afar as the new student walked in the great Hall of Hogwarts, betting on who would be in what house, though there was some who were easy to guess since their whole families had been in the same houses for generations , but then again there had been exceptions like Sirius Black who had went to Gryffindor when his entire when it was tradition for the The Black Family to be sorted in Slytherin. The Sorting Hat was glaring at the ghosts though he had not eyes. He remembered what they had told him last year, how they laughed at him saying that he just did the "same old thing" every year and that there was no surprise anymore in this Sorting of his. But the hat had a smirk on his face "laughs the best the one who laughed the last" he thought as he had prepared a surprise for this year's sorting, oh they would regret mocking and teasing him, no one mock the sorting hat and get away with it. As the students walked in some staring at the great hall's ceiling, the bewitched ceilings that looked like the starry night sky never stopped to impress the new students even those who were from wizarding families. The first year students looked around the hall and some, mostly the muggle-born ones, were confused as they saw the hat on the stool that suddenly began to move, and had a small opening ripping itself in the shape of a mouth as it began to sing. Oh you may not think I'm pretty, But don't judge on what you see, I'll eat myself if you can find A smarter hat than me. You can keep your bowlers black, Your top hats sleek and tall, For I'm the Hogwarts Sorting Hat And I can cap them all. There's nothing hidden in your head The Sorting Hat can't see, So try me on and I will tell you Where you ought to be. You might belong in Gryffindor, Where dwell the brave at heart, Their daring, nerve, and chivalry Set Gryffindors apart; You might belong in Hufflepuff, Where they are just and loyal, Those patient Hufflepuffs are true And unafraid of toil; Or yet in wise old Ravenclaw, if you've a ready mind, Where those of wit and learning, Will always find their kind; Or perhaps in Slytherin You'll make your real friends, Those cunning folks use any means To achieve their ends. So put me on! Don't be afraid! And don't get in a flap! You're in safe hands (though I have none) For I'm a Thinking Cap! The hat was very proud of this song he had spent the whole year writing it and he loved hearing everyone applauding him, it just felt right, but soon he was sure that the teachers who were smiling at their habitual sorting ceremony would soon make the most laughable faces after he found the first student for his surprise, it shouldn't be too hard to find a student who could fit the required traits or that needed the type of sorting he had in mind. Soon they sent one his way, a muggle born girl named Hermione Granger. The girl was very nervous, she obviously had been thinking a lot about the house she would be in. Hm you are a smart one, a thinker at heart, and yet there's also bravery...both Gryffindor and Ravenclaw could welcome you...but there's also loneliness there, you also feel lost in a world that already seem to say that you don't belong in it and yet you know that it is not true. There's nothing Ravenclaw and Gryffindor can give you that you don't already have, but don't fear, I know the right place for you... At this moment the Sorting Hat said the last thing anyone had expected "WOLFENGARD!" This caused several reactions: the students gave the hat a stare full of confusion, Snape spat out the potion against the headache he was drinking,McGonagall took a few steps back in shock as if she had lost her balanace from this single word, Dumbledore's eyes widened and his glasses nearly fell off his face. There was an awkward silence that took place for a few seconds, then the entire hall broke into a loud fit of chatter, the Sorting Hat" grinned mischievously at the commotion he had Dumbledore got over his initial shock "SILENCE!" he shouted, he then looked at Mc Gonagall "Continue the ceremony without me" he said as he stood up and then gestured for Professor Flitwick to follow him before walking to Hermione "Miss Granger follow Professor Flitwick he will explain everything to you" he said, the confused girl just nodded as she stood up from the stool giving the hat back to McGonagall so she could continue the sorting. The professor Flitwick guided Hermione just outside of the great hall "miss Granger, I understand you must be confused but I assure that this is nothing bad, unexpected but not bad at all" he said with a smile trying to calm her seeing how nervous the poor girl was. Hermione nodded and took a few deep breath trying to control herself, she did not understood what was happening at all "S-sir, c-can you explain me what all of this is about? what is this Wolfengard thing? I never seen anything about a house of that name in the books that I have read about Hogwarts Filius Flitwick sighed deeply "This is something unexpected...you see it is a truth that has faded in the tumults of History. There was not four, but five wizards who founded Hogwarts...Godric Gryffindor,Helga Hufflepuff,Rowena Ravenclaw, Salazar Slytherin...and Wulfric Wolfengard. Each had a house...but one of the old Headmasters who was heavily prejudiced against...Wolfengard's "kind". took advantage of a very troubled times to "erase" the existence of Wolfengard and his house...he charmed the Sorting Hat so it would never sort anyone again in Wolfengard, and sealed its common room. Dumbledore and I had found evidences of this injustice a few years ago and had been trying to repair it since then, but it seemed the charm on the hat has worn off on its own somehow" the charm master explained, Hermione listened carefully completely fascinated by the existence of this fifth house that had been hidden from everyone. meanwhile Dumbledore approached a part of a wall of the Grand staircase on the ground floor were there was no portraits, he patted the wall that would feel normal to most wizards. But to one as skilled and experienced as him there was something unnatural to it, he could tell that a very powerful illusion spell had been used, he pointed his wand at the suspicious wall "Finite Incantatem" the bright spark that flew out of his wand seemed to have no effect but Dumbledore knew better, he had noticed how the wall had rippled for a second. the spell used to hide what he was seeking was extremely powerful that was for sure. "Finite Incantatem Maxima!" there was a blinding flash as the illusion fell apart revealing an alcove with a wolf statue sitting on a square pedestal. The headmaster smiled, his eyes twinkling with satisfaction as he kneeled in front of the wolf statue baring his neck at it. he then whispered the password in the stone wolf's ears "Unita stamus cadimus dividui" he said firmly knowing what would happen if he made the mistake to even hesitate. the statue began to slid forward as Dumbledore stood up and stood aside to let the statue move and reveal a set of stairs "Be careful headmaster, the Founder might react violently to your presence, he had after all been sealed in there for Merlin knows how many centuries" the statue told him. The twinkle in Dumbledore's eyes dimmed as sadness filled them "I know, but this injustice must be undone somehow. I'll face the wrong my predecessor have done, no matter what it will cost me..." he said solemnly as he went down stairs. He soon walked in the old common room of Wolfengard. There was no light so Dumbledore had to use a lumos spell to reveal furnitures made of ebony and silver. old tattered, and dirty white trimmed black banners with a wolf on them. Everything was covered in a thick layer of dust and cobwebs, the wooden floor was rotten and cracked under Dumbledore's feet, the remains of what used to be fancy carpets laid around the floor. The state of the common room offered the worst display of decay and decadence that the aged Headmaster had ever seen, it wrenched his heart to see this. Albus Dumbledore could barely believe this once was one of the noble houses of Hogwarts, how could this have happened, all of this because of a prejudices of one bigoted headmaster who had the opportunity of doing what he wanted. "Who are you?!" came the a deep, gruff and angry voice that nearly made Dumbledore jump out of his skin as he turned around to face a tall man, he was pale with silver grey hair and a well trimmed short beard,and his eyes were the most vibrant shade of arctic blue the headmaster had ever seen. He wore a fancy black fur coat decorated with gorgeous silver ivy like patterns. The fact that he was translucent made it clear that the man was a ghost. "Albus Dumbledore, current Headmaster of Hogwarts. And you are Wulfric Wolfengard, aren't you?" the aged wizard replied. The ghost nodded "Yes...looks like someone finally rediscovered this place, after Merlin knows how many centuries...you are lucky I forced myself to sleep, if I had stayed awake all those years I would have become insane!" he snarled at the headmaster, everything in the room started to shake visibly from the barely controlled anger that was overtaking the ghost. "Wulfric please, listen to what I have to say. I understand that the injustice you were victim of can't be repaired. But you and your house are needed" Dumbledore told the ghost who scoffed. "Needed? how so? You may have unsealed the common room, but there will be no students" Wulfric barked aggressively and bitterly at the aged headmaster. At that point Dumbledore smiled his eyes twinkling with amusement "That is where you are wrong, the charm on the Sorting Hat, which I've been trying to break for years, has just worn off and a student was sorted in the House of Wolfengard, and as we speak there are many more students being sorted" he replied. Wulfric's mouth opened and closed without sound, the man was shocked, he felt something well up inside of him, something he hadn't felt in centuries "You...you mean...that there will be students here, in my house?" he asked as if frozen in place. He stared at the old man in front of him, searching for any trace of deception, he couldn't believe what he was being told. He had hoped for it, dreamed of it, but never thought it would actually happen, he felt the need to confirm that all of this was not a cruel farce that was just playing in his mind, a trick from the one who imprisoned him to toy with his weakened spirit to offer hope and then crush it once it reached its paroxysm. Dumbledore nodded "And they will need a head of house to guide them, and that is your role, if you accept it of course" the master said softly offering a warm smile to the translucent ghost. A smile graced the the pale face of the fifth founder who already felt overjoyed but then he