AN: I don't know what's up with me, but I have such an urge to write about Gale lately and I can't get out of my head until I get it down. So here's another one. Hints of Gale's feelings for Katniss, but mostly focuses on him healing with out her - with help from a new friend. No romance. Reviews always greatly appreciated! Sometimes I try to think back to the last time I was truly happy. I always come back to the same moment. It's strange, really, that the last time I really smiled was the day my world was destroyed forever: The day Katniss was reaped. But before that, before the girl I loved - and will always loved - was ripped away from me in more ways than one, we were together for the last time. We went to the woods, we hunted. I brought a piece of bread and we sat on our rock, fantasizing about running away and actually making it. I brought it up, but I knew it could never happen. She knew it, too. But it was nice to just dream for awhile. I can still feel the ripe berries on my finger, hear our voices ringing out in fake Capitol accents. May the odds be ever in your favor. But the odds were never in our favor. It's been five years since then. Five long years. I know Katniss is living in District 12 with Peeta, but I haven't seen her since the day the bomb dropped and I walked away. She's living with Peeta and I'm living with guilt. I've wrestled with it everyday. I take the blame. Every night I remind myself that I killed Prim. I designed the bombs that destroyed Katniss' world and took that innocent girl - all of those innocent kids - out of the world forever. Am I really that much worse than President Snow? I don't know anymore. So I drink. A lot. But as long as it doesn't interfere with my work nobody really seems to mind. I know nobody cares. There's nobody left to care about me anymore. I pushed my family away. I don't deserve them and they deserve better. I send money, but I don't answer their phone calls. I live in District 2 by myself in a tiny house. The military is stationed here and I'm Commander Hawthorne now. I can't remember the last time somebody called me Gale. Right now, I'm in the training center, watching while the latest recruits go through hand-to-hand combat training. This is the one thing in my life I still care about, preparing these kids. And that's what they are, really. Kids. They can join the army at 16 and a lot of them do. Despite the rebellion, a lot of the families are still poor. The army pays well, so they come. I just want to make sure they're prepared. If anything happens and they need to fight, I don't want another person to die because of my mistakes. One of the newest recruits catches my eye. I watch as she flips a boy half her size over her shoulder and places her foot on his chest in triumph. My eyebrows shoot up. I have to admit, I'm impressed. She glances over at me briefly and her lips raise in the briefest of smiles. I hesitate, looking at her more closely. She's with the youngest group, so I know she's just 16. Her black hair is pulled back in a tight ponytail and it doesn't look like she even broke out a sweat. It's her eyes, though, that really get me. Bright blue eyes that look so familiar. But I just can't place her. After a moment, she looks away and the boy clamors to his feet. I shake my head a little, telling myself I'm crazy. There's no reason for me to believe I know that girl. Training comes to an end. I watch until the kids gather their equipment and head to the changing rooms, then I slip the flask out of boot. I take a long drink, letting the liquor burn my throat, and then I head toward the door to head home. The streets of District 2 are usually busy and tonight is no different. Between the military base and government headquarters, someone is always going somewhere and doing something. It would've bothered the old me - I craved the solitude and comfort of the woods - but the new me likes it. Plenty of distractions. Between the noise and the alcohol, I can almost drown out the sound of that bomb going off. I almost forget the look in Katniss' eyes when she realized what I'd done. Almost. I don't talk to anyone on the way home. Everyone either knows better or they don't care. Either one is fine with me. I kick open my unlocked front door. I never bother locking it because there's nothing else I'm worried about losing. That's how the day ends. Just like every other day before it since the end of the war. Someday it will all end, but not soon enough. The next day at the training center, I notice the same girl sneaking glances at me. It's weapon training day and she's just as impressive as she was with hand-to-hand combat. She's almost as good with a bow and an arrow as Katniss was at her age. The thought makes my breath hitch and almost reach for my flask before I remember the promise I made to myself. I will never let my drinking endanger these kids. I'm working with the older boys, all of them over 18, and showing one of our more promising volunteers some tips on handling our newest guns. But every once and awhile, I look over my shoulder to see the girl hitting the bullseye with her bow nearly every time. And every time I sneak a glance, she's smiling at me. For someone who is apparently deadly, she hardly ever stops smiling. "What does this button do, Commander Hawthorne?" The question from the boy earns my attention again and explain the button will lock the weapon from outside use until it's reawakened by his fingerprint, an idea I took from Beetee. I used to hear from him now and again, but not anymore. Training seems to go slower than usual that day. I think it's because Katniss has been on my mind more than usual and I can't drink. When it finally ends, I'm headed toward the doors before the trainees even take a step toward the changing rooms. But before I can enter the outside world and sweet relief, a voice stops me. "You don't remember me, do you?" It's the girl. I sigh, dropping my hand from where it was reaching for the door. I turn to face her. She looks even younger up close than she does from far away. I can't believe she's actually 16, but the army throughly checks before accepting a new recruit. Too many parents were trying to send their younger children for money. The last thing we want is another version of The Hunger Games. The recruits can come here to begin training at 16, but if something were to happen, they couldn't actually fight until 18. She has her arms folded across her chest, one eyebrow raised in question and that ever-present smile on her face. I realize she's not going to leave without an answer. "No," I relent. I want to leave, but curiosity gets the best of me. "Should I?" She shrugs, leaning casually against the wall of the training center, "You were kind of busy that night, so probably not. And it has been a few years, I don't wear my hair in pigtails anymore." I stare at her blankly, clearly confused. She chuckles a little and then continues, "You saved my life, Commander Hawthorne." I'm starting to piece things together. I look at her more intently, think of her as a young child, her hair in pigtails. And suddenly I feel nauseous. I do remember her. She was one of the last people I pulled out of District 12 the night of the bombings. I heard her crying from underneath a half-collapsed house and I dug her out, pulled her to safety. I tried to go back for her parents, but the rest of the house collapsed before I could back in time. I dug for them, but when I finally reached where they were there was nothing I could do. I carried her out of the district and into the woods. She sobbed the whole way there and then after that, she just got quiet. I helped her find her aunt and uncle and then I never really noticed her again. I can't stand to be there anymore, "I'm sorry," I manage as I push through the door. I need a drink. But I can feel her behind me as soon as I step outside, "What are you sorry for?" I decide that even if she is a recruit, we're not training right now so I'm having a drink. Without turning around to face her, I pulled out of flask and finish half of it in one gulp. I don't even wince. I try to keep walking, to just ignore her, but she reaches out and grabs my elbow, pulling me to a halt. "What are you sorry for?" she asks again. "I told you, you saved my life." I turn, forcing myself to face her, "But not your parents." Her smile disappears in an instant, but she doesn't look angry. I don't really understand why. Instead, she takes a step forward, her brow furrowing. Her blue eyes are bright, "But you tried. A lot of that night is a blur, but I remember you digging for them until you found them. I watched you the entire time after that. I wanted to me just like you. You're the reason I'm here." My stomach drops. I instantly picture her with bullet wounds. I see blank open eyes. Another dead child's blood on my hands. I shake my head sharply, "Don't say that to me, kid," I choke out before I turn and leave before she can latch on to my arm again. I feel like I'm going to throw up, but I finish the rest of the alcohol in my flask anyway. A few steps later, I empty my stomach by the side of the road. That night, I drink until I can't see. I drink until I can't remember the girl's face or Katniss's name. I pass out on the couch, waking up with an empty liquor bottle in my hand and a splitting headache. I call in sick to work. I call in sick the next day, too. A week later, I get a knock on my door. I expect my boss. Instead I get the girl. I see brief judgement pass over her face as I open the door to my trashed apartment. I'm a mess, too. But she quickly switches to a smirk. "How are you supposed to teach me when you're here getting drunk," she teases. "If you keep up like this, you're going to end up like that guy who used to fall down at the reapings." I snort, "Haymitch." "Yeah, him," she pushes by me and steps into my apartment. "So this is where you live." I turn to follow her inside, instantly angry, "What are you doing here?" She sighs. I can tell her confidence deflates a bit, "I wanted to make sure you were okay. I didn't mean to upset you yesterday. I just wanted to thank you. I didn't know if I'd ever get the chance." I motion toward the door, "Don't thank me, kid," I say. "And trust me, there's a lot better people you could look up to." "Aspen." I raise my eyebrows in silent question.