A/n : Hello, everyone! This is my first ever (complete) fanfic and I've literally just opened an account here, though I've been reading some amazing work on this site for a while now. I really enjoyed writing this – a scene that was stuck in my mind long after I finished the series. Hoping for your feedback and comments! Disclaimer : Characters, setting, scenes and main story are the property of Suzanne Collins. Some dialogue has been lifted from Catching Fire for this parallel piece. When Katniss' prep team wakes us, complete with howls and tears, it physically hurts to let her untangle herself from my arms. I couldn't freeze that moment on the rooftop, and now it's morning again, and it's lost forever. I sit up on the edge of the bed and will my legs to support my weight. Today, I feel as if I have two metal legs instead of one. They threaten to drag me down, and then I think that maybe it's my mind that's controlling them. Tomorrow, we go into the arena. Again. No matter how many times I repeat that sentence, it feels surreal. Like I know that it's happening, and what it means and implies, but like it's happening in someone else's story. It doesn't cease to surprise me, and I keep wondering whether I'm in a nightmare I haven't been able to wake up from, because it doesn't make sense, and yet it does, and that's what's really horrifying. I labour into the hall, my mind straining to catch up, and then it hits me. It's interview day, and for what feels like the first time, I have no strategy worked out. We were too busy trying to live in the present to prepare ourselves for tonight. Haymitch and Effie really did abandon us, but maybe there's nothing we can do anyway. If we're marked, an interview won't help us in the arena. But I promised to try my best to help Katniss stay alive. I know she's planning something and leaving me out of her plans again, but it's me who has to think of a way to get her in favour with the sponsors tonight. She fights, I perform. That's how it's worked with us. No, that's not quite true. I fight too, in my own way, I suppose – and she performed well enough to make me think she loved me. I'm still not sure it was all a performance, but – this is not helping! I shake my head vigorously, willing myself not to fall into that web of doubt again. That can wait, and it probably won't even matter in the end. My feet have taken me to the dining hall, and my prep team is staring at me. "Peeta, you've got to eat something", says Portia, her gentle voice riddled with concern, her huge, dark eyes morose. I sit down at the table and pick up a slice of toast to placate her. In my mind, I'm off again. I try a different tactic to will my sluggish brain to keep pace: I start with what I do know. I know that Katniss is already popular with the Capitol crowd, her victory – our victory – fresh in their minds; her wedding – our wedding – tragically interrupted. Many of the other victors are popular too, though, and have the added advantage that Haymitch pointed out, of already being allies. We decided to stay out of that, to stick together, and that's probably how the crowd sees and expects us, too. Our entry was bold and unforgiving, if effective, but something tells me we need to play up the tragic love story angle if we're to get any sympathisers. I'm just not sure how to do that without losing their wandering interest. I'm also not sure how much Haymitch is going to help us when it comes to choosing us over his friends, but I am sure that any pacts he's made with either – or both – of us aren't morally binding. Well, they might be in his moral universe, but he has his own twisted rules and plans to follow. Which means I can't count on his promise to do everything he can to save Katniss again. I'm certain Katniss has asked him to protect me this time, because she feels she owes me. That she will never stop owing me. I can't understand that. I would have been buried under a rock, or died of blood poisoning, or nightlock, or mutts, or blood loss from my leg. She saved me every time. I wonder what Haymitch promised her while they sat around getting drunk together, the night the Quell was announced. He hobbles in then, flask in hand but quite steady. Maybe I should give him more credit. He didn't abandon us to hangovers, after all. "Toast been poisoned, boy?" he growls. I start at his harsh tone, and then glance at the barely eaten and now dry toast in my hand. Lost in my thoughts, I haven't noticed when Effie came in – she stares at me now, her lips pursed. The vibe at the breakfast table is going from bad to worse, and I don't seem to be helping. "Too dry," I answer Haymitch shortly, abandoning it and picking up a soft roll instead. "Morning, Effie", I add. She nods at me, her eyes never leaving my face. I eat hastily, resigning myself to the fact that no bright ideas are about to present themselves in the presence of such tense company. When I've finished the last of the hot chocolate, I reach out for a bowl of berries. And I smell sleeping syrup, and I see a petite girl with red hair lifted by a hovercraft. Stunned, I drop the bowl back on the table. The others are staring at me in confusion, and I don't think I could eat anything now even if I was starving. Excusing myself weakly, I stumble back toward the hall. Well, this is new. Ever since the first Games, I've been plagued by images from the arena, seeing them in nightmares but sometimes also in flashes when colours or associations trigger them. That's probably true of every victor. But berries? That has never happened before. Absolutely great timing, too. Berries. The reason we're here. Here, alive. Here, facing death. Get a grip on yourself. I pass Katniss' room, where she is no doubt being put through more painful procedures than I will have to endure, and hating every minute of it. I slip into my room, and sink down on the bed. But I'm restless. I open the drawer in my nightstand and withdraw the golden locket I'd had made two weeks ago. It feels a bit dramatic, but I'm quite sure I'm going to need it. I stare at the mockingjay, marvelling at how significant it's become since our Games – since Katniss wore it. Berries. Mockingjay. I open the locket and find myself staring at Gale. I'd been lucky to have found – borrowed, really – a picture of him without raising what would undoubtedly have been very awkward questions. I feel a pang of what can only be jealousy. But she did only kiss him once – if she's telling the truth. Still, that makes it one more than any real kisses we've had. All these nights I've held her, content just to have her next to me, but what I wouldn't give for just one kiss that no one else could see. To know that she was kissing me because she meant it, and not because…well, tomorrow we act for the audience again. Tomorrow, I will be allowed to kiss her. I'll allow it. Her words come back to me, and despite the arc of my thoughts, I can't help smiling sadly. Perhaps we would have had a future together, after all. Perhaps we would have been forced to marry but would always just be friends and allies. Perhaps we would have been forced to marry and she would even have loved me, eventually. I hated the idea of having to be married against her will, of seeing her in those dresses and knowing she could barely keep the smile on her face – but then they had announced the Quarter Quell, and our sentence, and though wedding dresses would be voted on, she would never wear one again, for there would never be a wedding. For us. I hear footsteps outside my door and hastily shove the locket back into the drawer. Then I chuckle, imagining what people would think if they saw me gazing that intently at a picture of Katniss'…cousin? Yes, that's what he's known as to the Capitol people – except Snow. Snow. Tomorrow. Focus, Peeta! My prep team finally knocks, after standing outside my door for a few seconds somewhat nervously, I'm sure. I let them in, and they set to work on my body, ridding it of what they describe as blemishes, wincing as they shine my metal leg. My mind is still going around in circles, stubbornly bringing up useless things like emotions and images instead of brilliant strategies. Levia brings the laser device that I recognise from last year close to my face almost mechanically, hoping to rid it of the stubble she won't find because it did its job quite well the last time. I see Cato's face then, mangled and bloody, but they must have thought a beard would not improve his looks. Finally, they fiddle around with my hair as I grow steadily desperate. Katniss and I have both angered the Capitol, and I almost regret that painting of Rue – though Katniss would have been in trouble irrespective with that stunt she pulled. I can't help chuckling again – what on earth is the matter with me? My prep team smiles, mistaking my chuckle for a sign of approval at their handiwork. I grin back anyway, because they're just fools with good hearts, for the most part. "Thank you," I say, smiling, "no one's ever going to make me look this good again." They've got tears and frowns then, and I know that they think they'll never see me again, just like they did last year. It must be hard to be a stylist who is capable of getting attached to the people they work with – or work on, to be more precise, for this can hardly be called a collaborative effort. I give them a quick, consoling hug as Portia walks in. She holds a grey garment bag stiffly in one hand, and doesn't smile at me, which is a bit disconcerting. Portia and I have always gotten along, and she's the only person from the Capitol I would consider calling a friend. I wonder what I did to annoy her – I did eat rolls and hot chocolate at breakfast and it's not really like her to be moody over my eating habits. I watch as she unzips the bag to reveal a handsome black tuxedo, and it occurs to me that it's what seems to be causing her bad mood. It looks innocent enough, but maybe that's the problem. Cinna and Portia have always been in sync about how to dress us, and since we usually wear outfits that present us as a team, they always work together. Perhaps they couldn't agree this time? I wonder what Katniss will be wearing, and I smile slightly. She'll look ravishing, no matter what. Portia sees my silly smile, and it seems to anger her further. She throws the tuxedo down on the bed and gestures towards it, looking as if she'd like nothing more than to stab it repeatedly. Stab. Like I stabbed the girl from District 8 after the Careers left her to bleed. She had looked at me so pleadingly, I couldn't not do it. Sienna. That was her name. Like the colour