Author's Note: My entry for Tomarrydarkspringexchange, written for a prompt by Narcoleptic-Penguin: "Tom Riddle as a child liked to hurt the other children. Tom Riddle as an adult like to have power of others. Voldemort liked to have the world at it's knees for him. Harry Potter had always been an enigma who didn't follow Voldemort's rules. He refused to bow or break. But Voldemort wouldn't give up. He had caught him and imprisoned him. He had killed his friends and allies in front of him. He had destroyed every person the boy had a shred of love for in his heart. One day he would break and admit that the Dark Lord had power over him. He was sure of it. He had to. One day. Basically a Harry-is-caught during the Second War prompt where Voldemort already dwindling sanity starts unraveling at trying to break the boy. Harry has great mental fortitude and often greets him with a smile and calls him Tom like Dumbledore did. He holds onto hope that he will win because he just won't break, it's not in his character. And he's found Voldemort is amusing in an emotionally distant and twisted sort of way." (I think my prompt sort of ran away with me and ended up rather different from what my prompter requested, but oh well. Anyways, I'm just going to shut up here and let you read the story.) Shadows Deep Nobody can ever know , was the first thought that ran through Voldemort's mind as he looked at an appalling mess of blood and entrails spilled over the previously pristine marble floor of the Malfoy Manor. His second thought was one of irritation, of course, because he wasn't a trembling child anymore, trying to hide his stolen trophies from Mrs. Cole. If Rabastan Lestrange had met his death at the end of the Dark Lord's wand, nobody would dare question him. He towered over Rabastan's remains, impassive and proud. Nobody can ever know , something inside him insisted and if he were a lesser man, he could have shuddered. For it was not the fact that he slaughtered one of his most loyal Death Eaters in an obscenely uncouth manner that filled Voldemort with a motley of almost-fear and almost-shame. What unsettled him was that when he pointed his wand at Rabastan a few moments ago, the curse that he spoke was Crucio . Voldemort inspected the Deathstick carefully. A sense of slipping, spinning out of control took over him momentarily and red eyes scanned his surroundings, paranoid. Why was he torturing Lestrange? Potter. Of course, it had something to do with Potter. ...still hasn't learned to keep his mouth shut. Taught him a little lesson in respect, My Lord. The memory only fuelled Voldemort's anger and he faltered in his examination, before abruptly vanishing Rabastan's corpse and sweeping out of the room. Nobody was allowed to touch Potter. As unlikely as it was for the boy to come to any harm, Voldemort needed to see him to make sure. It was easy to put Rabastan out of his mind as he glided through the hallways towards his would-be greatest conquest. It won't be long now. He sighed softly, thinking about Potter on his knees, green eyes dull and broken. Admittedly, the boy has managed to hold out much longer than Voldemort anticipated but it was ultimately of no consequence. The two of them had an eternity to this game together. Since the boy's capture two months ago it has become something of a new obsession for Voldemort. Pushing Potter. Bending Potter. Waiting to see Potter break. Even capturing new members of the Order of Phoenix now had a new significance as their lives were merely new means to put some chips in Potter's armour. It didn't bear admitting out loud but in the deepest recesses of his mind Voldemort knew that he was becoming rather addicted to their endless battle of wills, both because of the enticing foretaste of his inevitable victory and because Potter, who wore his heart on his sleeve and couldn't lie if his life depended on it, still was the least predictable person Voldemort met in his life. It won't be long now , he thought again as he descended the stairs into the clammy darkness of the dungeon. Potter would break soon, he was sure of it. Seeing the boy gave him a bit of a pause. Potter was standing in his cell in the farthest corner of the dungeon, leaning against the bars. He was breathing heavily and there was blood trickling out of the corner of his mouth but other than that he looked healthier and cleaner than he did a couple of days ago when Voldemort had last seen him. Somebody repaired his old torn robes and apparently helped him wash as well. The Dark Lord hissed in irritation. Narcissa . The witch must have been helping Potter. She would have to be taught a lesson. "Hello, Harry," Voldemort greeted softly, watching in fascination as Potter's sullen expression cleared abruptly upon seeing him. It was odd, yet oddly satisfying to think that he was the only thing that could brighten the boy up. Of course, Potter had to break the moment, "Hello, Tom." Voldemort tsked , "I see Rabastan didn't teach you nearly well enough." He took out the Elder Wand but didn't point it at Potter. After what happened earlier, he was reluctant to use it on his horcrux. "Ah, what's a little Crucio between friends?" Potter chuckled even as a shudder wracked his whole frame at the memory. The dungeon seemed to flicker with spots of darkness around the edges and Voldemort couldn't tell if it was his own fury or Potter's. He closed his eyes for a moment to clear his vision. When he opened them, the boy was staring at him curiously. "Lestrange had it coming," Potter whispered harshly and Voldemort wondered how he knew. "He came here more often than you, you know? Wasn't very nice about it either." The room flickered again but this time Voldemort was fairly certain it was his own anger. He kept his tone light, however, "You should learn to appreciate the company, Harry. It's the only kind you'll ever get, after all." Potter looked up and their eyes met. You are mine forever, something seemed to sing deep in Voldemort's bones. Potter smiled, "But I'll always have you, Tom." "Crucio!" Voldemort cried, forgetting his reservations. Potter's entire body seized up and he arched backwards like he was about to snap in half. He bit his already bloodied lips to stop himself from screaming but hoarse distorted sounds still tore from his throat. Voldemort smiled. "Tell me, Harry," he began after cutting the curse and watching the boy crumble on the harsh floor of the dungeon, "what is it that you are fighting for? What are you trying to achieve with this foolery? Are you still hoping that your pathetic Order of Phoenix will come rescue you if you act like a petulant child?" Potter's eyes were closed and he was panting heavily but Voldemort knew that he was drinking in every word. "And what do you think they can do? Stare into your eyes until their dying breaths the way the Longbottom boy did? Whisper empty promises to you like that werewolf you so loved? You remember them, don't you, Harry? How they died right in front of you? Because of you?" Potter's breathing returned to normal but his eyes remained shut. His face was taut and blank and Voldemort wanted to click his tongue in disappointment. The boy was becoming immune to the mentions of his dead friends. They would need to find new toys to play with. "How could I ever forget?" Potter replied, his voice gruff from screaming earlier. Frustratingly, he still didn't show an outward reaction. Voldemort pressed closer to the cell, "Then what do you think your Order can do? Do you honestly think that they can somehow fight me? When I have the whole world at my disposal?" Lazily, Potter flicked his eyes open, "Who said I'm waiting for the Order of Phoenix? Their fight was lost the moment you took over the Ministry. Perhaps even before that." Yes. "Ahh, I knew you could see reason. Tell me Harry, what about your fight? Do you not realize that it was lost the minute you imagined that you, a child, can stand up to Lord Voldemort?" Potter closed his eyes again, little uncontrollable twitches stealing over his muscles like they usually did after Cruciatus. "My plans were never... that ambitious. I mostly just wanted to be left alone... To have a normal life. I'll never settle for something that mediocre again." Despite himself, Voldemort stepped closer, intrigued. "You have bigger plans now?" Potter's rambunctious laughter echoed through the dungeon. Thinking about it later, Voldemort couldn't remember how their conversation ended. Ever since he was a child, Tom Riddle had always found himself struggling for control. It was the ultimate power – a guarantee that other kids in the orphanage would never hurt him, that his classmates would never laugh at him, that Dippet wouldn't send him back. It was important to bend, break and force people to obey him, to crash, burn and eradicate every obstacle he came across. So Dumbledore could never sniff him out. So people like his father would never dare to reject him again. So death wouldn't take it all away from him. In all of that Dumbledore had always been the one person who could always revert Tom to being powerless, who could make his control slip through his fingers with a simple magic trick or a knowing smile. Dumbledore would watch him, eyes grave and heavy, and Tom knew, he knew that he was slipping, spinning out of control just seconds away from the fall. Many years later, it was both terrifying yet strangely fitting that it was Dumbledore who stripped away and dissected Voldemort's protections, who found and nearly destroyed his greatest secret of all. The thought of his horcruxes, one by one broken and taken apart at the hands of the old headmaster, could still make Voldemort tremble in helpless fury. And now his immortality relied solely on the man's apprentice, the boy who helped destroy his precious possessions. Sometimes, in the bleak hours of early morning, when his nerves were worn thin by insomnia, Voldemort would admit to some of the mistakes he had made and wonder if it was a fitting punishment. It was unfortunate indeed that Potter seemed to have picked up Dumbledore's infuriating attitude, Voldemort thought days after his latest visit to the dungeons. But I'll always have you, Tom. It beset him even now as he slowly sifted through a new legislation draft that aimed to mask some less savoury aspects of his rule from the outside world. Potter's words echoed through his mind taunting him from the shadows of his memory. Almost imperceptibly, Voldemort sighed. "Yaxley," he called the Death Eater waiting by the entrance of the large study he currently occupied. "This one needs more work. Too many loopholes that can be used to protect muggle filth." Yaxley gave the parchment scroll a curious look but nodded and accepted it without question. One look at the title, however, had his normally pale face turning ashen and his legs shaking visibly. "M-my Lord?" "What is it?" Voldemort asked with an air of mild annoyance, even as a sense of foreboding squeezed his insides. Yaxley stared at the ground. "T-this one was signed into effect yesterday, My Lord. You ap-approved it last morning." The room seemed to tilt sideways for a moment before abruptly righting itself. Voldemort's fingers curled around his wand under the table. Nobody can know. Yaxley looked as though he was trying to shrink, his neck lowering into his shoulders. "P-perhaps there was some mistake, My Lord?" He knows. He