Author's note: So, I've been missing in fandom action for almost a year now. I feel like I should write some tearful explanation but I'm afraid I don't really have one. I'm just going to assume that you guys are here for the story and not my ramblings and just leave you to it. Hope you enjoy it! Snares for the Soul Voldemort barely remembers him from their earlier encounters. He hardly paid enough attention to the baby when first saw him and in their later meeting it was a struggle to separate his own impressions from Quirrell's pathetic quivering thoughts. In his mind Harry Potter was reduced to bright green stare and insolence. This time it would be different, of course. Voldemort plans to savour every little detail from the initial defiance to the final wide-eyed shock as the inevitability of death settles in. That thought is what keeps him focused through the excruciating pain of boiling water and dark magic fusing his new body together. His fingers, where they grip the rim of the cauldron, are long and spidery, thin with large knuckles, unnaturally grey skin pulled tight over the bones. He would be appalled at how ugly it looks but it doesn't matter when he is breathing for the first time in years. He rises out of the cauldron taking in slow deep lungfuls. How incredible it is to feel the strength in his own limbs, to enjoy the faint scratch of fabric on his skin as Wormtail hands him a robe. As he covers his own unfamiliar form, he decides he rather likes that his appearance lost all traces of his muggle father. He used his pretty face well while he had it but there is no need for that anymore. I am Lord Voldemort. Feared and worshipped above all else. Thinking of his father he turns to the boy currently tied to his gravestone. And finds a pair of curious green eyes staring back at him. Despite being tied from neck to ankle, Potter manages to look like he's just leaning on the headstone with casual grace. His head is tilted to one side, his windswept hair framing his face nicely. Even as the Dark Lord approaches, the boy doesn't look afraid, doesn't flinch or turn away, but rather lifts his chin up in a challenge. There is a mocking kind of interest in his eyes as they slowly slide down from Voldemort's face to where his robes part slightly and reveal deadly pale skin stretched over jutting ribs. "Harry Potter," Voldemort murmurs suppressing the wave of irritation at such a cheap provocation. It doesn't help that his fingers almost itch with the reflexive need to cover himself. "At last you and I are truly face to face." He runs one long ghastly finger down the boy's cheek, strangely fascinated by the contrast between his white skin and Potter's sun-kissed face. Strange. The moment their skin touches, a deep and almost sweet ache tugs at Voldemort's insides, as though calling him to come closer. Perhaps it's the result of their new connection – Potter's blood striving to go home. "Interesting, isn't it? By taking your blood to create this new body I also took away your mother's protection." Just to prove his point, he slides his finger down Potter's jaw and grips his neck tightly. The brat's breathing hitches but he still doesn't look afraid. Instead those big green eyes seem almost transfixed with strange awe and curiosity. Voldemort can feel the boy's adam's apple moving as he swallows. Slightly chapped lips part gently and a pink tongue darts out to moisten them. It is a trap for frail spirits but Potter doesn't even seem to realise what he's doing as he stands there half-smiling in defiance, looking like a little minx. Suddenly killing the boy seems like such a waste. It's quite easy to imagine conquering Potter in a completely different way, taking, wrecking and possessing him entirely. Potter is… beautiful. It's quite an unwelcome realisation and the Dark Lord lets go of him as though that soft skin still burns him. He turns away and calls Wormtail. He thinks he can hear Potter chuckle softly but ignores it. It doesn't matter if the brat guessed what went through the Dark Lord's mind. He won't live to tell the tale anyway. He calls his Death Eaters and waits as one by one they arrive and crawl and beg for his forgiveness. But Lord Voldemort does not forgive and does not forget. And, as he tells his followers that they would have to earn his regard, he also knows that he won't forget the fleeting looks of terror and disgust that flicker in their eyes. They find his new form revolting. Useless fools. They don't understand... His gaze flits to Potter again and finds him, just like before, staring back at him with a mocking smirk and an almost childlike fascination hidden in his eyes. Voldemort feels fury rising in him like a tidal wave, making him want to tear apart this frozen mask and see what the boy is hiding underneath it. To see if he is as terrified of the Dark Lord's appearance as the Death Eaters are, to see what makes the pest think he can laugh and flaunt himself in front of the most powerful wizard alive. He points his wand at Potter and holds him under Crucio. His forked tongue curls in sadistic pleasure as he watches that lean body twist and contort in agony. The boy bites his lip to stop himself from screaming and squeezes his eyes shut. Somehow he still looks exquisite in his anguish, at once strong and powerless and more alive than anything Voldemort has ever seen. He cuts the curse off. "You see, I think, how foolish it was to suppose that this boy could ever have been stronger than me," the Dark Lord addresses his Death Eaters. His eyes are still glued to Potter, watching as he recovers from the curse. His face lost the arrogant look but what comes instead is not terror or shocked realisation. The boy looks resentful. Like he is angry with Voldemort for torturing him. Little nuisance is impossible to comprehend, and Voldemort ignores the part of himself that strives to somehow solve Potter and plunges on, "I want there to be no mistake in anybody's mind. Harry Potter escaped me by pure luck. And I am now going to prove my power by killing him, here and now, in front of you all. I will give him his chance. He will be allowed to fight, and you will be left in no doubt which of us is the stronger," his deadly gaze circles his followers, noting how they flinch and tremble before him. "Now untie him, Wormtail, and give him back his wand." He watches Potter as the boy spares Pettigrew one scathing look before rubbing his sore wrists. His thin body seems very fragile, but his hands, when they grip the wand, are steady and sure. Bravely – stupidly – Potter straightens his back, lifts up his chin with a quiet kind of pride and faces the Dark Lord. Then, as both of them bow, the little shit whispers softly, "You don't really want to kill me, Tom ." And just like that, they begin to duel. Fighting Potter is like trying to capture fire. He jumps, and dives, and rolls and laughs youthfully as he does so. His juvenile antics are not enough to protect him from Voldemort though. The older wizard is more than capable with a wand and he's had much more cunning opponents. He takes some time to toy with Potter, sending him minor hexes and mostly just taunting him. But all the while dangerous red eyes study the boy obsessively, registering every reaction and every reflex, preparing one deadly strike that won't give Potter any chance to escape. Voldemort is about to launch this final barrage of spells when Potter switches tactics and shoots back a stunner. He misses by a mile, hitting Macnair instead but it throws the Dark Lord off momentarily. In fact, it takes Voldemort an extra second to realise that Potter didn't really miss . In that second the boy dashes through the newly opened gap in the circle of Death Eaters and jumps behind one of the tombstones. "We are not playing hide-and-seek, Harry," Voldemort calls softly even as something inside him thrills at the new turn of events. Perhaps, this battle would be more interesting than he thought. "Come out and play, boy. I promise you it would be quick…" Potter laughs from behind his cover and the Dark Lord smiles a little too. With an almost lazy flick of his wrist he explodes the headstone the boy is hiding behind, forcing him to dive behind another one. "You are no fun!" Potter calls again dashing to another grave. His voice sounds like it's coming from several directions at once and Voldemort is torn between grudging approval of the nifty little trick and irritation because Potter is still running . "Stop hiding like a scared rodent and face me like a man, Potter!" he calls out before shattering several more gravestones in quick succession. The boy is nowhere to be seen. "Well then..." With an easy swipe of his wand Voldemort reigns destruction upon the cemetery. The ground trembles and cracks in long jagged lines – like welts left by a powerful whip. One by one the headstones explode with chunks of marble and granite flying in all directions, colliding and striking out bright sparks. Potter has the sense to jump up and start running in zigzags, covering his head with his hands. Voldemort watches him for a moment, then apparates directly in front of him. The boy digs his heels into the ground abruptly, nearly toppling over. One of his hands shoots out instinctively, grabbing Voldemort's shoulder to keep himself from falling. It's so ridiculous that Voldemort doesn't even bother to stop him. Instead he points his wand at the boy. Green light shines and gathers at its tip when the brat opens his damned mouth again. "You win. I can see why all of them follow you like brainless lemmings," he cocks his eyebrow at the Dark Lord, casual as you'd like, "Doesn't quite explain why they all betrayed you thirteen years ago." He has to dive sideways to avoid a curse immediately. Just because the boy is right doesn't mean he's going to get any special favours from the Dark Lord. "What does it matter to you, Potter? You won't live to see another sunrise." "I guess I just hate to see all that potential go to waste," Potter replies, righting himself and stepping closer again. "Because they don't get it, do they?" His eyes shine like the Killing Curse and for a moment Voldemort stares, mesmerised. "They never will. It's pathetic, really. They are all so afraid of you, yet they think that they can somehow use you. You can do better." "Really, Potter? I suppose you are offering?" Harry doesn't reply. He takes one more step closer and tilts his face up. Soft pink lips part slightly as though in offering. It's such an obvious ploy. And there is no reason Voldemort should be amused by Potter's gall or stumped by the open wonder on his face. The boy is a bloody menace and Voldemort needs to get rid of him, but there's just something so enticing about him that the Dark Lord can't quite resist. Red eyes trail over smooth skin and flushed cheeks and his mind is once again assaulted by visions of that supple body twisted in pleasure, submitting to him completely. Then, before Voldemort even knows whether he's going to kill the boy or just give in to this temptation and take him, the brat suddenly dashes right past him, grabs Diggory's hand and the softly