A/N: Hey everybody! As can be seen from the summary, this is a Lego-mance, and it might seem a little Mary-sueish, but I'll try to veer away from that as much as possible (although I don't see anything wrong with a Mary-sue when it's well-written). It's also a tenth-walker, so if ya don't like it, well, frankly I don't really give a flying fuck. Save your flames for someone who REALLY deserves it, spare me the aggravation, and don't read this. For those of you who DO like this sort of thing, read, review (constructive criticism is appreciated as much as positive comments) and enjoy! Oh, just something to keep in mind: This fic is influenced by the books as well as the movies, so please, if you haven't bothered to read the books, please don't send me reviews pointing out what you believe to be inaccuracies. Check the books before you nag. Disclaimer: I don't own Lord of the Rings, Legolas, Saelbeth, Galdor, Silinde, or any people you recognize. They belong to J. R. R. Tolkien and his affiliates...and I guess the movie producers. Donna, however, is mine, so no touchy. To Heal a Wounded Eleth Chapter 1: Behind Glass The girl looked about in wonder, taking in her new surroundings. Not long before, she had run into the woods behind her small cottage, and taken refuge in an old, hollow tree. Now, when she stepped out, the forest had changed. There were no paths, and the trees were huge, with vines cascading down. Shrubs and plants she had never seen before hid much of the forest floor from view. The tree she had just left was the only thing that remained the same. She sat down against the tree, trying to make sense of how she had gotten here. This was not her forest. She looked south, where her cottage was. Or where her cottage would have been. As she sat, memories of the past two decades came unbidden to her minds eye, making her relive the moments as if she were in a waking dream. She knew the forest behind her home very well, she wandered it every day after her chores were done. The cottage was built on farmland out in rural Ontario, and she was allowed to stay there for free on the condition that she worked as a farmhand. It suited her fine, the work was hard, but the family who owned the farm was very kind, and treated her like one of their own children. She had stayed with them for years, finding them after her adopted mother died, and they had become very dear to her. None more so than Jack McGuire, the man who had turned the land into a successful farming business 50 years before. When the girl had found her way there after her mother's death, Jack took her in, quickly turning into the grandfather she'd never had. He ran the farm with his wife, Mary, his son, Shawn, and his daughter-in-law, Lisa. The family accepted the girl quickly, and she proved to be a vital asset to Jack in keeping the farm operating smoothly. The girl had a surprising amount of knowledge for someone who looked so young, and she learned things oddly quickly. She could operate all the farm machinery, as well as repair it, and she knew how to handle every animal he raised. She knew each creature's temperament, what injuries they'd had, what illnesses they were susceptible to. She even memorized their names and serial numbers, and there were a LOT to memorize. The girl also had a passion for art and music. She could play the guitar and the piano, as well as a rather obscure instrument called an ocarina. It fit her hands perfectly, and it was made out of some sort of dark wood. She carried it with her wherever she went. She'd had it for as long as she could remember. She could also draw and paint. When she was given a tedious task like watching sheep while they grazed, she would sit and draw the hills and fields. Sometimes when the foolish creatures took an interest in what she was doing, she would draw their faces. After a while of watching them, she could easily tell every animal apart, much to the astonishment of Shawn. The man hated sheep with a passion, and he hated watching them even more. But the girl didn't complain, watching sheep meant she didn't have to haul hay bales or pile manure. However, Jack was already quite old when she began her life on the farm, though the way he acted one would never guess he was 71. He worked in the fields with his son and the farmhands until his joints and back just couldn't take it any more. At the age of 85, the year his wife died, he left the work of running the farm to his son and the girl, and he managed finances for several years. At the age of 91, Jack started to become very tired. He would spend most of the day in bed. The girl became worried, she knew that he wasn't long for the world. She did not know how she would handle it. She had lost so many already. When the time finally came and Jack passed on, she was devastated. No one could console her. Watching another loved-one die re-opened past wounds that never fully healed, some she was aware of, others she would later remember. Not wanting her adopted family to see her in such a state, she ran from them, through the fields, and into the forest behind her cottage, finally stopping at the old tree. She had always liked the tree, no one else seemed to know about it, and she liked it that way. She would go there to meditate, and listen to the sounds of the forest. Now, she went to the tree to hide; to hide from the pain, and to hide from the people who would have comforted her. She could not take it any more. She had watched too many loved ones die already. She crawled into the tree, and cried. She cried until the tears just wouldn't come any more. Then she sat in a ball, letting the grief slip into her consciousness, slowly trying to harden her heart against any more pain. She decided then and there that she would put everyone she was close to behind glass, and she would never grieve again. It is quite amazing what one can persuade oneself to believe when one is grieving. After waking from her strange reverie, for a moment, tears threatened to fall once again from her green eyes, but she angrily staunched the flow. No more of this nonsense… she thought to herself. She stood up, brushing the moss and leaves from her black leather overcoat, and began to walk south, hoping that her cottage was still there. After she walked for a while, she heard voices. They were speaking some sort of unpleasant, halting, guttural language. She actually found it disgusting. She slowed her pace, and walked silently until she could see two large figures standing a few yards off. She slipped behind one of the large trees and listened. They seemed to switch back and forth between their language and English. " 'Ave lat lost lur mind Gorath? The pushdug golug skin us if they find urukz here!" said one. " Glob! Me no scared of ilid! Clog! Me skin TAK before tak skin ME!" said another. This one sounded bigger, and meaner. "Why lat wan come here?" said the one who had spoken before. He seemed rather nervous, though his voice sounded just as grotesque as that of the other one. " Shakh Sauron wan know strength of golug! " "Why he no send more urukz? Golug have faugh! We mat-uuk! We bagronk-ishi!" The nervous one was now beginning to sound frantic. Then, the meaner-sounding of the two let out a terrible roar, the sound so vial the girl had to clasp her hands over her sensitive ears. " Nubhosh! We be highat we no mat-uuk!" After listening to all of this, the girl decided that it was probably best to leave them to their arguing, but her curiosity got the best of her, and she looked around the tree first to get a better look at who she had been listening to. When she saw the creatures that stood only about 20 yards away, she knew immediately why the " pushdug golug", whatever they were, would want to skin them. They were great ugly things that stood on two legs. One of them had dark brown skin and deep scars across its face, the other had skin the shade of un-worked clay, and it had vile tumors growing on its body making it even more hideous. She could smell them from a good distance off, a vial combination of metal, dried blood, rot, and general filth. She didn't want to consider why they might reek like blood and rot. Satisfied that these beasts, whatever they were, should probably not be messed with, she quietly started to walk in the other direction. Suddenly, however, the wind changed, blowing into her face and in the direction of the two creatures she was trying to get away from. She heard them sniffing the air, and one of them let out another roar, causing her to yelp involuntarily and cover her ears again. " Skai! Ilid find urukz! See!" cried the clay-colored beast. " An me skin ilid! HOOWAH!" replied the other, yelling some sort of battle cry. With that, the two beasts came running straight at the girl, roaring loudly. She gaped at them a moment, seeing that one of them brandished an iron scimitar, and the other had a large bow. Then she finally snapped out of it, running faster than she had ever run before. "Where the hell am I!" she cried as she ran. The beasts let out more war cries, growing in anger as she got farther and farther away. She ran up a fallen log that laid at a slant against a large boulder, and jumped down to the ground, yelping in pain as she felt a sharp pain in her shoulder, but still she kept running. A small distance off, four elves on white horses rode through the forest, talking quietly. They suddenly heard the battle roars of orcs, and a moment later, a high-pitched yelp. The Elf who led the group turned his horse around to the direction the commotion was coming from, and urged his horse into a canter, muttering, " Yrch!" (Orcs) "Legolas! Mani naa lle umien? " cried one of the other elves. (What are you doing?) " Mani lle noa?" replied Legolas as he went in the direction of the cry (What do you think?). The other three elves went after him, hoping that he didn't go too far. Fortunately, they didn't have to. A strangely clad women tore past them at break-neck speed, with a long, black-feathered arrow protruding from her right shoulder. Legolas jumped off his horse, catching hold of her around the waist to get her to stop. She struggled in his arms, flailing about as best she could. She attempted to jab her right elbow into his ribs, but yelped in pain and went down on her knees, clutching her shoulder. " Mani marte a'lle?" asked Legolas, kneeling down next to her (What happened to you?). The girl stared at him blankly, not seeming to understand. "Legolas! Yrch! " cried one of the elves (Orcs). He sprang up, seeing two beastly orcs running towards them as fast as they could manage. He and one of his other companions fired arrows at the same time, striking both orcs down. He looked back to see that the girl was starting to walk away, trying to remain unnoticed. " Tampa!" Legolas