Okay, first actual LOTR fic oneshot and I'm trying to work with the languages but so far I've come up empty and I don't have the books but I read the websites and I've seen movies though I know some parts are cut out in huge chunks. Thranduil/Elrond, my two favorite elven leaders but I gotta say that out of both Elrond is my favorite just because he's smart and sweet and I fall in love with any man with long dark hair even though I'm happily engaged. Basically this is slash, but I have a second version on archive of our own and it's got a very smutty scene in it whereas this one has the scene cut down. If you wish to read it, go to Archive of Our Own and look under the name 22AnnabethVolturi22. This is also AU, so no flames okay? Here's a quick summary, and just so you know there's no timeline in this it's just a little something I've had on my mind for a while and I wanted to get it out: Elrond is brutally attacked by Orcs not too far off from Rivendell and is rescued by his longtime friend King Thranduil of Mirkwood. They take him back to his home and Elrond is healed, but he is not out of danger yet. Thranduil decides to remain in Imladris until he's certain Elrond is safe, but is their friendship going to blossom into something else? I don't own LOTR, and if I did I'd kick Isildur's butt for not taking the chance to destroy the ring the first time. Enjoy! Forests of Rivendell: Elrond of Rivendell was out in the woods, not too far from his home riding his horse. He was trying to clear his head, though he had no reason to do so, but he was also hoping to meet up with his friend and ally Thranduil of Mirkwood. They had not seen each other in years, and the Woodland King had written some days back saying he was coming to see Elrond but he didn't say why only that they needed to talk in person. "Let's go." He slapped the reins on his horse lightly and they rode off towards the trail. He expected Thranduil and his company to arrive within the next day or so, perhaps later this evening. It would be good to see him again, they had been good friends for years, perhaps centuries now and Elrond always found his company to be a good one. Elrond forced his horse to stop as he heard the whistle of an arrow come close. When they stopped he saw the arrow that landed into the ground was black, an orc's arrow! Elrond motioned his horse to turn around but when they started back down the trail some orcs blocked their way. Elrond's horse shrieked as one scared it with a spear and Elrond fell to the ground. "Lookie here boys…an elfling." A large disgusting looking one with a scar over his left eye. "And it's the mighty Lord Elrond." "You filthy beasts…you dare enter this land?" Elrond snarled. He had left his weapons at his home, which thankfully wasn't close to here if intruders didn't know the right way in. "You don't scare us elf, out here all on your own with no protection. Why not entertain us before we kill you?" Elrond froze. "Hold him!" Three orcs forced Elrond to his feet and while two held his arms behind his back one of them gripped his hair and yanked his head back. Elrond winced at the hold, but he kept his focus on the third large one in front of him. "He's a pretty little thing isn't he?" the orcs laughed as the leader grabbed Elrond's pale throat and squeezed. Elrond gasped for breath but it hitched when the orc's other hand went inside his robes. "Soft skin, like flower petals yet so fragile." He punched Elrond in the stomach and he bent over slightly when the orc holding his hair released his head. "Keep him still." "Release me…" Elrond growled only to get punched across the jaw. "Silence, you are in no position to command us. Lower him to the ground." Elrond was forced to his knees, but as he reached the ground the orc in front of him pulled out his legs and forced them apart. "Let me go!" he put up a struggle as best he could, and in the process the two orcs holding him started to kick and hit him all over. Elrond cried out with each hit, it felt as if his bones were cracking from the force and the pain was unbearable. His strength left him as they finished their assault, his body was bruised and bloody from the attacks but it was about to get worse as he felt someone pulling his robes up above his knees. "Now then…the real fun begins." Horribly rough hands moved over Elrond's legs, and all he could do was flinch at the disgusting touch. "No…" his robes were being loosened but before the dirty orc could undo his own belts Elrond heard a faint whistle and the orc fell just next to him. His vision began to blur, and the last thing he saw before darkness consumed him was all the orcs falling or fighting someone or something he couldn't see. Back in Rivendell: "He was very lucky you found him King Thranduil." One of Thranduil's best healers Mirindien came to see the Mirkwood king after tending to Elrond's injuries. "What are his wounds?" Thranduil's voice had a hint of worry in it, but it was mostly with anger at what those damned orcs had done to his friend. "He has several broken ribs, his left arm is fractured badly and he has multiple cuts and bruises. He will make a full recovery, thank the Valar you were able to save him before those monsters could do any further damage." She gave a light smile. "He will be asleep for a while, but his sons and daughter are with him now." "Good, thank you for your help." Mirindien bowed and left down the hall. Thranduil and his guards, including his son Legolas had managed to kill off those orcs no problem, but when he saw the damage done to poor Elrond's body he wanted to torture each and every one of them until they begged for mercy. Unfortunately they were all dead, but at least they wouldn't hurt him again. "My king…Prince Legolas wishes to see you." One of his guards spoke up. "Where is he?" "In the gardens just out that door." The guard pointed and Thranduil took that direction. Legolas was waiting for him, and he had a mimicking look in his eyes like him. "Ada how is he?" "He is lucky to be alive; those orcs didn't get far enough to inflict more pain." "That's a relief; shall we patrol the borders to make sure there are no others?" "Stay close to the gates, but return at nightfall. Keep a lookout for spies, you know who." Legolas nodded and left the gardens with five others. Thranduil stayed in his spot, thinking about how this could've happened to a man like Elrond. He had come to discuss important and urgent business, but right now he'd have to wait until his friend was awake and coherent enough to hear what he had to say. He didn't want to scare the Peredhel, but what happened today was merely a taste of what was to come. Word had reached Mirkwood that Sauron of Mordor was after Elrond's ability of foresight. He wanted to use it to predict attacks on the inhabitants of Middle Earth to ensure his victory over them all. The orcs trying to rape him though he wasn't sure about, but Sauron needed him alive to use his power. That was the reason he came here, to protect Elrond until Sauron would give up on his quest to have him. He knew one thing though, seeing Elrond like that all vulnerable and hurt made his normally stone heart crack. Elrond was a dear friend, and this time Thranduil would make sure no harm would come to him or his family. Elrond's quarters, two days later: Elrond began to awake from his deep slumber, but when he began to wake more his body felt heavy and ached with a terrible soreness all over. He felt hands holding his own, but they were warm and rubbing gentle circles around his palms and backs of his hands. "Ummm…" he moaned as his eyes began to open. "Ooh…" his vision blurred a bit, but when it cleared he saw his sons and his daughter staring at him with worry and concern on their faces. "Ada! Oh thank the Valar you're awake." Arwen kissed his forehead. "You had us worried; we feared you'd never wake." Elladan and Elohir smiled at their father. "W-What…what happened to me?" his memory was bunched up, he didn't remember much. "You were out riding, and you were attacked by orcs in the forest. They would've gone further if King Thranduil and his men hadn't gotten there to save you in time." Elladan answered him. Elrond's memory began to return, those orcs on him, kicking and hitting him, and nearly….violating him. Elrond felt tears prickle his eyes, but he wouldn't sob like this in front of his children he couldn't. "Brothers, perhaps you should tell the king ada is awake?" the twins nodded and left out the door while Arwen stayed to comfort her father. "Oh Ada…" she had tears in her eyes. "Don't weep for me Arwen, I am still alive…" he reached up as carefully as he could to touch her cheek. "Yes." She gave a light smile and touched his hand. Just as he returned her smile as best as he could he heard someone enter his room. Thranduil came with the twins behind him, and Arwen gave him one more kiss before she left with her brothers. "Mellonin." Thranduil went to his side and sat down. "Hello Thranduil." Elrond let the elder elf touch his hand and grip it slightly. "You…saved me." "Yes, I'm glad that my kin and I were able to reach you in time." Elrond gave a tiny smile, and Thranduil brushed some of his dark hair from his face. "Are you in pain?" "Some, tis not an agonizing pain." The tears he felt earlier began to fall from his eyes, and he turned his head away as they began to drip into his hair. "Elrond…" Thranduil wiped some tears away, and Elrond whimpered. "Do not weep; those foul creatures will not harm you again." Elrond wasn't crying about that, he was crying because he felt so stupid about leaving his home without any way of defending himself. If he'd had his weapons on him he might've stood a better chance. "Forgive me." Elrond wiped his eyes with his one good arm. "It's alright; would you like to sit up?" Elrond nodded and Thranduil helped him move to a sitting position, careful enough not to hurt his chest. "There, do you want some water?" Elrond stared at the elven king, normally Thranduil was a bit cold when he spoke and he hardly gave anyone attention but to Elrond he was being unbelievingly kind. "Yes…" Thranduil produced a goblet and handed it to Elrond. The cool liquid felt good down his throat, and he finished the entire drink. "Le Hannon." He handed it back. "You're welcome." Thranduil stared at him strangely, and Elrond was beginning to feel a bit uncomfortable right now. "Elrond, what happened today…" "I don't want to talk about it." the Sindarin elf looked away again. "Not about the attack, but what has caused it." Elrond turned back. "What happened today is only a mere taste of what's to come." "What do you mean?" Thranduil's hand clenched in anger, gripping the sheets of