AN: QLFC Season 5, Round 3 entry. My prompts this go around were cinnamon , regret , and rabbit (8, 11, and 14). I was intentionally vague about the timeline of events, but for the most part it follows canon - Snape finds out Remus is a werewolf, James saves him, afterwards James and Lily get together. This story is set a bit after James and Lily finally get together. I tried to challenge myself by not using the word 'regret' in this story, since it was an emotion that I was supposed to convey. I'm not quite sure if I like how it turned out, though. And sorry if the ending seems rushed. I, quite literally, can't write anymore. This story is too close to the maximum word limit for a more decent, drawn out ending. This story is also pretty dialogue heavy, which is something I don't usually do, but I think it was the best way to show what kind of friendship these dumb boys have. Finally, the title of this story comes from From Eden by Hozier. Word count: 2982 (according to Google docs) "- then I was going to bring her to the Astronomy tower for dinner under the stars because Mom told me that was the date that Dad brought her on to propose - obviously it wasn't in Hogwarts, but I want it to be just as romantic - " "Merlin," Sirius groans, rolling over in his bed to smother his face in his pillow. He should have left an hour ago like everyone else in their dorm did. "This is just your first Valentine's with Lily, you're not going to bloody propose," he says, voice muffled. James rolls his eyes, momentarily looking away from the Charms book that he's looking through for ideas. James has been planning this dinner for about a month now, and really he had everything he needed. He just had to 'absolutely see if there really wasn't an alternative to bluebell flames that would provide light but wouldn't overpower the stars or the mood, you know?' "You're probably the most unromantic person I know," James declares, flipping a page. Sirius pushes himself up on his elbows to give James a dirty look. "Excuse you," he says, "I've dated dozens of people and there's definitely more people in Hogwarts that would totally date me." James looks up from his book to give Sirius a flat look. It's ruined by the thick blue cream that he has on his face ('"It's a face mask, Padfoot," James had said when he first put it on, "I can't have pimples on Valentine's.") and the comical way his hair sticks up more than usual. James is surrounded by books and papers with scribbled notes on them, and at the foot of his bed his clothes for tonight are carefully laid out, pressed and no doubt spotless despite the ink Peter had accidentally spilled on that shirt a fortnight ago. Everything around him in that moment is for Lily. Honestly, Sirius thinks that if Lily knew half of the effort James went through on a regular basis for her, James wouldn't ever have to worry about whether or not Lily would like whatever he's planned. She'd love him just for how much he thinks of her, every second of his life. "You're only charming when you're convincing people to date you," James says, "and then after that you're kind of a prat." Sirius frowns, thinking back. He flops onto his back, staring at the canopy of his bed. "You really think so?" He isn't James-levels of romantic, but he likes to think of himself as suave. James snorts, "You forgot Genevieve's birthday, even though she told you a week in advance." He turns back to his book, flipping another page. "Only because it was the day after the full moon and Moony needed someone to make sure he actually rested!" Sirius defends himself, flushing lightly. He remembers vividly how upset she was about that. James makes an agreeing noise, which Sirius takes to be the end of this frankly somewhat embarrassing conversation, but James goes on. "But there was still that time you stood Michael up on a date to Hogsmeade that you asked for. You sent Peter down to tell him you couldn't make it!" Sirius looks over at James. "Okay, not talking to Michael myself wasn't the best move - " "You made yourself look like a complete prat -" "- but! That day Moony was really upset because of that drivel the Prophet wrote about werewolves and I couldn't just leave him." James looks up, startled. "What? Why didn't I know about this?" he asks, lowering his book for the first time in - Sirius checks his pocket watch - a full hour. "What happened?" Sirius waves his hand, turning slightly so he could look at James properly. They're lucky their beds are right next to each other, or these conversations would be a lot more uncomfortable. "It was the usual bigoted speeches, but you know Remus takes it hard. He didn't say anything, but I could tell he was upset. He didn't finish his chocolate pudding." Sirius says. "So I went after him when he left to go to the dorms and we just - well, okay I made a complete fool of myself until he felt better." "You could have told Peter and I," James says. "We could have helped cheer him up." Sirius shakes his head. "No, it's fine, I liked being able to do that for him," Sirius says, sincere. "Not that I liked him being upset in the first place, I just like being able to help Remus," he hastily adds. James frowns. "Okay," he says slowly. Sirius can tell by the crease between his eyebrows that he's thinking about something, turning it over in his head. "Okay, how about when you dumped Lisa? On Valentine's day last year." "I didn't like her anymore," Sirius says, shrugging as best he can while lying down. "She was really clingy." "Oh," James says, sounding disappointed. Sirius groans, rolling his eyes. "Look, she didn't like that I spent so much time with you guys. She kept saying that I paid more attention to you than her." James looks at him contemplatively. He tosses his book to the pile on his bed and crawls to the edge of his bed closest to Sirius, leaning over as he asks, "Did she really say that? Did she say anything about Moony?" Sirius blinks. "Moony? Uh, yeah, actually, how'd you know?" "What'd she say?" James presses, intent. Sirius scowls, but he and James had a pact of complete honesty with each other after the incident with the Giant Squid. "She said that I'm a better boyfriend to Moony than to her." James sits up straight, a satisfied look on his face. "Have you ever considered that she's right?" "What?" Sirius sits up properly. "What d'you mean?" James waves his hand. "Think back to all the answers you gave me. Really think about it." Sirius does. He pales. "Oh," he says. "Oh," James repeats. "Oh, Merlin," Sirius says, swinging his legs over his bed. He summons his shoes over from the other side of the room and tugs them on hurriedly. James blinks, rocking back slightly in surprise. "What are you doing?" he says. Sirius gives him a look. "To tell him of course," he says, standing up to tug the robes that he'd left crumpled at the foot of his bed on again. "He's going to know something's up as soon as he sees me, and I might as well tell him now on my own terms instead of letting this drag on while he overthinks everything until we fight again and I say something stupid." James narrows his eyes. "This sounds oddly specific." James points to Sirius. "Sit down right now. You need to explain this to me properly." Sirius winces preemptively, and sits down again. "You're not going to like this," he says. "But after I told Snivellus how to get past the Whomping Willow, Remus found out what I -" "Oh no," James grimaces, "I thought that he didn't know about that night after we talked to Snape and Dumbledore and explained everything." "He told me that Dumbledore talked to him about what happened after he transformed back." Sirius replies, "and I don't like it either but it was the right thing to do since it involves Moony." "Even if it means he knew it was you who told Snape?" James asks. Sirius grimaces. "Yes," he says reluctantly. "He gets enough choices taken away from him as it is. I sent Snape, James, he should at least know that and decide what to do from there." James raises an eyebrow. "What'd he do then?" "Nothing," Sirius says, "But he was withdrawn for days, so I kept needling him, asking what was wrong and then we fought about it and - Merlin, James, you know what he told me? He said that I nearly made him a killer like those werewolves the Prophet likes to talk about. I kind of wanted to get a time turner to punch my past self in the face after that." James winces, shoulders rising up to his ears as if in shame, which is ridiculous because the person who should be ashamed is Sirius. And he is. "I wish I never did it," Sirius says quietly, all for the wrong reasons. He cares more about hurting Remus than having nearly gotten Snape killed. Rationally, it's terrible, he's terrible, but he's spent years dedicating himself to making Remus smile, and only the last five minutes knowing why. "I know, Padfoot," James says sympathetically. "He knows too." James leaves for his date eventually, leaving Sirius with the words 'you better not mess this up,' which is both insulting and a legitimate concern. Sirius is, frankly, terrified of messing up. He's terrified of hurting Remus more, or worse, destroying their friendship. Merlin knows that he's messed up before. He's still going to try though. Remus deserves the effort, after all he's put up with. Sirius finds Remus in the library, reading quietly under a patch of orange sunlight, and can't help the fond quirk of his lips. Sirius can tell that Remus had started off on the other side of the table and had migrated to the other side as he followed the sunlight because his bag is still on the far side. "Hey," he says quietly. Remus looks up from his book, then smiles. "Hello," Remus greets him, closing his book. "Is James done preparing for his date?" "Just about," Sirius says. "Thank Merlin for that. If he stayed any longer I might actually have smothered him with his pillow." Remus huffs out a quiet laugh, getting up and putting the book away into his bag. He hefts the bag onto his shoulder and quirks an eyebrow at Sirius. "Shall we head down to the Hall? They've probably got something nice for Valentine's." Sirius smiles, "Actually -" "Oh no," Remus says, "What did you do?" Sirius barks out a laugh, then quickly coughs into a fist when Pince gives him a sour look. She doesn't try to go after them, thankfully, but that's probably because they're already heading out of the library. "I haven't done anything!" Sirius says. "Really," he says when Remus' continues to look at him in narrow-eyed suspicion. "I was going to ask you if we could do something else for dinner instead." "Yeah?" Remus says in interest. "It might be nice to get away from all the couples. I had to take so many points for indecent behaviour today." Sirius grins. "You're absolutely going to have to tell me more during dinner," he says, then takes Remus' hand to tug him forwards, weaving through the castle, towards the seventh floor. Remus notices the path they take. "I hope your plans for dinner actually