I love to see a young girl go out and grab the world by the lapels. Life's a bitch. You've got to go out and kick ass - Maya Angelou. September 1st 1976. 10:50 AM. I hate saying goodbye to my parents. Well, my mum more than anything. She gets this sad look on her face like she's sending me off to dance in a pit of lions who've missed a couple of days feeding. That was a stupid example. I mean...well, I guess that isn't an awful way of putting it. I do, you see, share a dormitory with a bunch of sixth year Slytherin girls. They're fucking rabid. 'You will write if anything happens, won't you?' My mum has this soft Irish accent that will forever remind me of home. I look quite a bit like her, really. Same hazel eyes, same dark and frizzy hair, same stupidly long legs and thick eyebrows. Do you know how much I have to pluck the fucking things for them to be passable? Being a girl and having all these bloody standards to meet is a fucking hindrance. 'I don't want Brant sending us letters to tell us you've been-been... hexed again, Lola! We hadn't heard from you in days and then that -' Fucking hell. She's growing hysterical and I haven't even got on the bloody Hogwarts Express yet. I look to my father, who is twitching his moustache with a distracted look on his face. His hand is planted on my little brother, Charlie's, shoulder. Speaking of Charlie, he looks like he's about to piss himself. Not Gryffindor, then. I always reckoned he was gonna be a Hufflepuff, anyway. 'Dad, make it stop. Please '. I jut my chin toward my mother. He jumps at my voice. He'd grown quite good at zoning out my mothers hysterics. He pats my brothers shoulder and brightens up, bald head glinting in the orange lighting. The noise of families saying goodbye and trolleys rattling against the concrete is growing louder and louder - it's almost time to go. 'Come on, Helen. She's fine! She's survived this many years with the snakes - sure she can handle two more!' 'Don't call them that, Brian!' 'Dad, what if I'm in Slytherin? I don't wanna be a snake like Lola! They all hate her!' 'Charlie, leave you sister alone! Nobody hates her-' 'No,' I agreed easily, thinking of my terrible Slytherin Housemates. 'They do'. 'See! They hex her and charm her skirt to do funny things all the time - dad told me!' 'Brian!' 'I was preparing him, Helen'. Charlie is growing quite hysterical at this point. His black curls are flying about his face in a panic as he looks from my father to my mother, his blue eyes nearly welling with tears. I catch sight of a few seventh year Ravenclaws snickering as they pass. Oh, piss off. I want to tell them. Like you were any better when you were a first year. It is then that I catch the eye of Sirius Black - a boy who always found it just fucking hilarious that someone like me was sorted into Slytherin. Stupid Gryffindor. Still, he did aim a pretty good pus-squirting hex at Yaxley last time that bastard tried to call me a filthy little halfblood muggle-lover. Considering he comes from one of the darkest pureblood families around, Black ain't too bad. 'We've got to go, Charlie,' I tell him, having rolled my eyes at Black's ever amused face. 'Come on, dude. It's fine! You can sit with me and Brant on the train until you find some other first years, huh?' I blink suddenly, thoughts of my best friend swarming. 'Wait. Where the fuck is Brant?' My mother (who, if you haven't guessed by now, is a muggle and cautious of everything Slytherin because of everything my stupid Gryffindor father has told her) snaps her mouth shut and widens her eyes at me in warning. I nearly cower. 'You're right,' she says, giving my brother a very soft smile. 'It's almost time to go, Charlie. Are you ready to go with your sister?' 'You don't have to talk to him like he's an infant'. I, yet again, roll my eyes. My father chuckles. I think he always knew I was going to be in Slytherin, you know. He always said I had a sarcastic way about me - he swears I used to even roll my eyes at him when I was a baby. He wasn't exactly happy (hello, Gryffindor?) but he got used to it. If anything, my parents care more about the fact that all of my Housemates threaten to kill, maim or seriously injure me on a daily basis. 'Oh!' I gasp happily. 'There's Brant! Yoo-hoo !' I trill, watching his dark haired head snap in my direction. It also catches the attention of James Potter and Remus Lupin, both of who's heads turn to look bemusedly in my direction as they climb aboard the steaming red train. Although the latter stare makes me falter, I attempt to ignore them and stand on my tiptoes in my beat up converse, waving madly. I look back at my little brother, who is clutched in my mothers arms and roll my eyes again. 'Merlin,' I mutter. 'Let the boy go, Helen. Merlin'. I share a knowing look with my father. Some time away from mum will do Charlie wonders. 'C'mere, Charlie. Give dad a hug before you go'. I've always loved that about my dad; he doesn't shy away from affection. Brant (or Brantley, but he'll hex you into next week if you call him that) is suddenly behind me, shoulder pressed hard against mine. I fling my arms around him as he greets my parents. Merlin, he's grown again! What's with these boys shooting up all of a sudden? 'Brant! Oh, don't you look handsome!' My mum swoops in for a hug once I finally pull away from him, her voice wobbly and her cheeks flushed. 'No!' I snap. 'Enough with the emotional hellos and goodbyes - this is taking far too long. We need to go. There aren't going to be any compartments left!' Brant's brown eyes smile at me and I can't believe how much I've missed him since he's been in France. Jesus, he bulked out. The girls are gonna be fawning over him even more this year. My mother steps away from Brant and curls her arms around me, whispering her goodbyes with wet cheeks pressed against my hair. 'Quit it,' I mutter. She knows I'll miss her. 'Your Slytherin's showing, sunshine,' Brant says and my dad lets out a booming laugh. Sigh. I hug my dad next whilst mum fusses over Charlie, making sure he has everything from his first year robes to the money she gave him to get sweets on the train. Brant nudges him. 'Wait 'till you try the pumpkin pasties, Charlie. They are to die for, little dude!' 'Look after your brother,' my dad says, chin resting on the top of my head. 'And look after yourself. They hex you, you hex them right back. My ambitious, cunning, ball of love-' I roll my eyes, pulling away. 'Slytherin's are other things too, dad'. 'Yeah. Sociopaths,' Brant butts in, earning him an elbow to the arm from me. It is then that I realise how empty Platform 9 3/4 has suddenly become. 'Oh, shit!' I yelp, much to my mothers dismay. 'We gotta go - come on, buttercup. On to the train we go'. I waved one last time at my parents, promising to look after Charlie before Brant and I hurdle him quickly onto the train in record timing, nearly knocking over a fourth year Hufflepuff in the process. 'We made it!' 'Boom!' Brant and I high five dramatically. 'Zaveri. Leola. Excuse me'. We both turn, Charlie tucked neatly between us. Internal sigh - it's Lily Evans, a fellow sixth year with flaming red hair and eyes as green as the stuff I'm sure Brant has tucked away in his jeans somewhere. 'Can I get through please? You're blocking the way'. Her almond shaped eyes blink at her, Prefect badge shining against her Gryffindor robes. Of course she's already changed into her uniform. Skirt below knee length and everything - Christ. 'Oh, yeah. Sorry, Evans,' Brant says quickly, probably scared that she can smell the weed on his form. He yanks me back and Charlie squeaks. Hufflepuff, I think. Definitely. It's only proper and perfect and just my fucking luck that Brant backs me up into Remus bloody Lupin. Why are there so many Gryffindors surrounding me? I should repel the brawny morons. Hiss hiss. I look over my shoulder and up (I have long legs, what the fuck is happening to all these boys?!) and catch his gaze, offering a quick and sharp apology. Don't blush. Boys don't make you blush! Why do his amber ( who the fuck has amber eyes?!) eyes always look so hooded and tired but in a stupidly fucking attractive way? Those bloody bags under his eyes should scream meth addict! not screw me! Suddenly remembering my little brother is tucked under my arm, I back away quickly and scold myself internally for thinking such filthy things in his presence. Lupin smiles lazily, looking me up and down with a quick flick of his gaze. I'm wearing dark jeans and a grey Led Zeppelin shirt that Brant grew out of two years ago. I don't even like Led Zeppelin. He meets my gaze again. 'Hello, Leola'. Yes, okay? My name is Lola fucking Leola. Mum was too dosed up on muggle drugs to say no to my dad before he picked my name. Lupin's not even trying to be smug, but I hate the smile he gives me. It's like he knows and he's mocking me. Oh, bloody hell. Slytherin mask of indifference: on. I fucking hate the Marauders. 'Lupin,' I greet coolly. 'Remus - there you are!' Lily says brightly, a wide smile gracing her pretty face. So the scowl was just saved for myself and Brant? Nice one. 'You're late for the Prefects meeting. I know, I know. It was probably Potter and Black distracting you'. She scowls and I bite back an eye roll. Brant tugs on my arm and we're off. I slip past Lupin, eyes darting up his stupidly tall form and noting that he'd gotten a little stubble over summer. Not to mention taller and- and manlier and it looks like he's wearing a white, non regulation t-shirt underneath his robes. Jesus, I thought fifth year Lupin who had suddenly decided to chill out was tasty . Sixth Year Lupin was h o t- Why do I care?! No. No, no. You don't fawn over guys, just because you- 'This one okay?' I nod at Brant, allowing him to bundle myself and Charlie into the compartment. There's a first year in there and his eyes widen when he catches sight of myself and Brant. I push Charlie ahead and point. 'There you go. Friend'. He looks like he wants to stab me in the face as his pale features flush. The boy, though, sticks his hand out to Charlie and introduces himself quickly. 'Hi. I'm Elliot Smith'. Muggleborn. Good. Charlie would get on with him. He'd always felt more comfortable in mums muggle world. Brant tugs me toward the window so that we can sit opposite each other and away from the nervously chatting eleven year old's. I smile at my little brother as he fiddles with his hands and nods at whatever this Elliot kid is saying. I hope they're in the same House- 'I boned a guy'. I turn to Brant and nod, an approving look gracing my features. 'In France?' 'Uh huh'. 'So, you enjoyed it?' 'Uh huh'. 'So, you like guys now?' 'Uh uh. Both . The world is my oyster, Lo'. He