Reporting to Master Chapter 1 Beta'd by princess07890 A/N: I own nothing but this plot. Isabella POV "Just breathe," I whispered to myself. I was nervous. I had just been accepted into a local BDSM community a couple of weeks before, and was about to go to one of my first events. These gatherings were mainly for single submissives or Dominants to pair up. Though, as I had been told, many paired D/s or M/s couples attended just to keep up with friends in the community. I was, at the time, sitting in the driver's side of my red Chevy truck in front of the building where the dinner was held. The invitation said semi-formal, so I wore a simple black one shoulder dress. I had just gotten my legs, and other areas of my body, waxed the day before in preparation for the event. I knew I was probably over doing it for just a simple monthly dinner, but I wanted to be thorough. After all, the first impression is the most important. What if they don't like me? What if they think I am just faking it ? Am I? Unnerving questions seemed to slither their way into my head. "God, I can't go in in this condition." I mumbled. If I didn't loosen up a bit, I would start sweating, and I really did not want to smell like a horse. I needed to get into a different mindset. "You are just one of many new submissives at this dinner. You are not the only newbie." I told myself. I took a deep, shaky breath and pulled my phone from my clutch, checking the time. It was 7:00 pm. I needed to go in soon. Dinner was promptly served at 7:30 pm and I told Alice that I'd meet up with her beforehand. After two minutes of giving myself a pep-talk, I took one last glance at the flip-down mirror and then opened the driver's side door. I stepped out and slammed the door back closed. I stumbled a bit on the first few steps in my 3 inch black heels, but gained my footing quickly. After a deep cleansing breath, I squared my shoulders and walked forward. The gala was not quite what I expected. I was anticipating more of a restaurant setting with separate tables spread out across the floor. Instead, there was a large, narrow table positioned long-ways in the center of the room. The table top was embellished with what looked to be bouquets of white lilies every few feet down. On each side of the long black rug, on which the table was placed, there was a wooden dance-floor. At the other end of the table, facing me set a stage. "Bella!" I heard a high-pitched voice call. My eyes immediately searched the room to find the source of the sound. I was then met with the sight of the familiar little pixie face of Alice. "I'm so glad you made it!" She beamed. I couldn't help but smile back at her. "You look stunning!" "So do you," I looked down at her strapless little green cocktail dress. "Oh, this is nothing," She waved it off. She glanced at the stage. "Ugh, the band is late." "When were they supposed to be here?" I asked. "They were supposed to be here at 6:45. Oh, well; the more time passes, the less they earn." She shrugged. "Do you want some wine?" "Uh, sure," I answered. I needed to calm my nerves. "Red or white?" "White, please." I watched as she pranced off to a bar set up at a far corner of the room that I hadn't noticed until now. I stood there patiently, wondering how I looked to other people. It was probably obvious that I was new to that setting, judging by my awkward stance. Then again, there were many that were also new to that setting. What will my Dom be like when I find him? I mentally wondered. It was a thought that had been crossing my mind, and distracting me from my work, quite often. Though, finding him wouldn't necessarily solve the problem; I had ADD and, though I took medication, it didn't always help. I knew that that would be something I would have to work on with my future Master. "Here's your drink," Alice snapped me from my thoughts. "Oh, thank you," I reached out and took the drink, freeing one of her hands. I sipped the wine, oblivious to the person next to Alice. "Um, this is Mike," Alice introduced the man standing next to her. It was then that I finally took notice to him. I blushed in embarrassment. "Oh, um, hello, Sir, I'm Bella," I greeted, wanting to hold my hand out, but was unable to, due to their occupied states. I carefully moved my clutch to the hand that was holding the wine, trying to handle both in one. I held my free hand out to shake his and he accepted. His hand was soft, like a baby's. When I got a good look at his face, I found that it was also babyish, with blue eyes, and rounded cheeks. "I'm, Sir Mike." He said. "Well, I have to go call that band," Alice said. "So I'm just going to leave you guys to it." She walked off, pulling her phone from her little green silk purse. Mike and I talked for a bit, face to face, though, to be honest, I think it was face to chest (mine). Mike was enjoying talking only to my breasts. He seemed really into sports, as he wouldn't quit talking about how much he loved Notre Dame. He even pulled out his iPhone to show me some of their shining moments. I felt like I was talking to a high school boy. Needless to say, I was searching for any excuse to get out of that conversation. "Hello?" I heard over the room, halting Mike in mid-sentence. Everybody's heads turned to the stage, as did mine. There stood a big burly man who looked like a body builder, and, even from my distance, I noticed his defined dimples. "Dinner is served," He announced, and then made his way back off of the stage. "Hey, do you want to, uh, sit-" Mike started. "Bella!" I heard. My head snapped around at the sound. I heard it again and then finally spotted Alice sitting near the end of the table. She gestured to the chair next to her. Thank god! I mentally rejoiced. "Oh, I promised Alice that I'd sit with her this time," I told him. He narrowed his eyes a bit, but said nothing. "I guess I'll, uh, see you," And thus, I awkwardly departed. "Yeah, maybe we could do a test scene," He suggested. "Maybe," I left it open ended, not wanting to give him any real hope. After grabbing my clutch, I started towards the table. Once I reached Alice, she again gestured for me to sit down. "Thanks for saving me from that one," I whispered to her when I was settled in my chair. She nodded. "Sorry, wasn't sure about that one." She apologized. "There's still so many you have to meet yet, though!" There was jumpy Alice. I let out a breathy laugh. "Can you be a little bit more confident than you were with Mike?" I requested. "Oh, I guess that's not too much to ask…" She pretended to be overworked. Now, I've only known Alice for a short time, but I already knew that she was a fun person to be around. "Alice!" Both our heads snapped over to where the rough voice came from. In front of the door were four men, all dressed in suits, instruments in hand. I assumed that was the band… Alice immediately shot out of her seat and stalked over. "Where the hell have you been ," She demanded. Even though they were all much taller than her, she towered over them. She had an air of confidence and power around her that anyone would bow down to; it was very clear she was a Domme. "We-w—…" The one in front started while the others took a step back. "We-w—what?" She asked mockingly. "Our van broke down." He explained timidly. "And why didn't you call to warn me?" She questioned. "W-well, we didn't know we would be this l-late, so w-we didn't think it would be a big deal…" He nervously stammered, taking a step back just as the members of his band did a moment ago. I shifted uncomfortably in my seat. I wasn't good with confrontation, observing or otherwise. I looked away and studied the table instead. I noticed something I hadn't before. Around the silver vases, there were matching little silver triskelion charms. I smiled at the thoughtful embellishment. "What are you smiling so beautifully about?" A gruff voice asked beside me. My eyes snapped to the man in the chair next to me. "Oh, I just thought that the little charms were a very nice touch." I answered in a small voice. "That they are. I am Sir Caius," He greeted, holding his hand out. I took it, and, instead of shaking my hand like Mike had, he brought it to his lips and planted a small kiss on my knuckle. I smiled and blushed. "And what is your name?" "M-my name is Bella…" I answered him in a slight stutter. He nodded in approval. "Well, hello, Bella. Would you like to dance, while our food cools?" He asked, holding his hand out for me to take it, just as the band started to play. I swallowed nervously. I really wasn't a very good dancer. "Um, if you can excuse my lack of dancing skills, yes," I answered respectfully. I then placed my hand in his, once again. At least we weren't talking about sports. "That's alright, I'll lead," He assured me, leading me to the dance floor. "Is this your first time at one of these events?" He questioned as we began a simple side to side step. "Yes, I just got accepted into the community a couple weeks ago," I replied. "How long have you been a part of this?" "I've been in this community for about two years now." He responded, lifting our arms so that he could twirl me. I wonder how many subs he has had since then. Has he had any at all? He had to; I mean, he's is handsome, and polite. Not that being handsome means that you are a good Dom. I really couldn't judge that very well by his appearance, now could I? "Bella," Sir Caius said, snapping me from my thoughts. "Yes?" "You seem to have zoned out." He said. "Oh, sorry, I was just thinking." I told him. He smiled slightly. "So, how old are you?" He asked curiously. "I am 23." I replied. "And you, Sir?" "I am 27." He answered. I nodded. We continued our dance silently, until the song came to a gradual end. "Well, I would rather have another dance, but I don't want our food to get cold." I giggled, and he pulled me back to our seats. "I see you've met Sir Caius," Alice observed as I sat down. I smiled and nodded, looking down at my food. It smelled delicious. "How did it go with the band," I asked nervously, still staring at my food. "I decided to pay them in the full," She sighed. "Damn my big heart." I heard a chuckle. I looked down beside Alice to find a man kneeling there. I couldn't see much but his dirty blonde hair, as his head was down. I looked up at Alice curiously. "Oh, this is my submissive, and husband, Jasper," She introduced, proudly. She looked down at him with such adoration. "Did you guys meet at one of these?" I questioned curiously. "No, I am the principal