A/N: Hey everyone, I re-edited this story to post on HPFF, but I figured why should I not post it on my first home :). To those of you who have been faithful readers, I hope to be back within the next 2 months. I'm working on a novel-length HP story. Anyways, I hope you enjoy and please check out the song. It was featured on the Almost Alice soundtrack. Disclaimer: I don't own any of the wonderful world J. K. Rowling created or "Strange" by Tokio Hotel, feat. Kerli. A freak of nature Stuck in reality I don't fit the picture I'm not what you want me to be – sorry Draco's POV The cold air drifting through the Astronomy Tower snapped at me as it sent shivers down my spine. Even the air seemed to scold me for being a coward. The weight of my task loomed down on me, and the sobs I had been controlling for weeks came rushing out. I couldn't breathe. The mere thought of the monumental task I had been assigned crushed every shaky breath. The reality of my situation was that I couldn't fail. I couldn't. I wanted to live, and for a boy who had been given everything, life seemed the most mundane of things to keep from me. "Why did He choose me?" I called into the dark wintry sky. My question died among the bitter winds whipping around the castle. I wasn't a cold, heartless killer like that possessed beast Grayback or even nutters like Aunt Bella. In a sect of freaks, I was the one left to feel out of place and strange, but this reality wasn't about to change anytime soon. Our situation was set. Father was locked away in Azkaban while Mother was forced to endure the cruelties of those lunatics by herself. We were all going to die if I didn't complete my tasks for the Dark Lord. I pulled back the sleeve of my jacket to reveal the ugly stain now polluting my inner wrist. My stomach rolled at the sight, forcing me to slide the fabric back over it quickly. Father had been proud of me for taking the Dark Mark, but I had watched Mother cry silent tears when He branded me. Pureblood beliefs had been whispered in my ear since I was a child that I had wholeheartedly believed without any question. As a child, I never had reason to doubt that those not born from Wizarding families didn't deserve magic, but I had never truly believed that they deserved to die for it. Was I better because I was a Pureblood? Certainly. Did Mudbloods deserve to die because they weren't? No. It shamed me to think that my father believed the Dark Lord's bullshit so willingly. A Wizarding bigot through and through. He might be proud of me for following in his footsteps, continuing the Malfoy hatred into the next age, but after so many years filled with violence, disgust, and anger, I was sick of it. I just didn't want that kind of life for myself. I wasn't a Death Eater, and it wasn't who I wanted to be. Under the radar Out of the system Caught in the spotlight That's my existence Pounding my fists against the cold stone, I tried to figure out how I gotten into this situation. I had avoided the Death Eaters and their dealings all my life, but suddenly, with the arrest of Father, I was their prime target. No longer was I able to hide in the shadows. Someone had thrown me into their spotlight, and I knew exactly who the guilty bastard was. It was all Saint Potter's fault. The bloody Chosen One. He and his stupid friends weren't supposed to fight back. If they would've just given up, Father could have retrieved the prophecy, and I might still be safe. Now, I existed in the fragile balance of needing to be inconspicuous to everyone including the knowing, watchful eyes of Dumbledore but at the same time feeling a spotlight beaming directly at me. It was a hellish existence I wasn't prepared for. I had no choice. I was trapped in a reality I wanted nothing to do with, and there was no way I could escape. I needed to protect my family because nothing else mattered without them. Despite the fact that everyone thought I was some sadistic bastard, I cared more about my family than they could ever imagine. Right now, they were all I had, and that wasn't much. Friends were a foreign concept for me. Sure, I had a couple of mates, but I wouldn't label them as friends. I couldn't confide my secret to Blaise or Pansy, any of the Slytherin lot. I was on my own to carry the weight of this burden. You want me to change But all I feel is Strange, strange In your perfect world So strange, strange I feel so absurd in this life Don't come closer In my arms forever you'll be Strange, strange I leaned further out over the window. The base of the castle was invisible, hidden by foggy, snow-riddled clouds. The unclear abyss looked so peaceful, and I found myself edging further out towards it. It would seem Fate had different plans in mind for me, and I suddenly heard a new round of sobbing. This new sobber was hurrying up the stairs at a quick, frantic pace, and I had just enough time to stow myself away in a darkened corner before whoever it was burst into the room. I carefully pulled my wand out, training it on the intruder. I felt a smirk widen on my face as a slender Gryffindor stumbled into the moonlight, her hands covering her face. She was still wearing her House colors from the Quidditch match earlier that afternoon. She would make for an easy target. Surely, a good dose of torture would cheer me up. The pettiness of possible bullying still refused to chase away my misery. Instead, it resigned me deeper into my self-pity. It figures. She had spent her afternoon being normal, and I had spent mine working on that stupid Vanishing Cabinet. She moved towards the window, standing in the same place I had occupied only moments ago. Letting out another heavy sob, she turned and slid to the floor. Finally, I saw her face. Granger. Of course, the Mudblood would come to ruin my self-pitying. Even when she didn't try, she had be a Gryfindor savior, just like the Scarhead she was friends with. At least, it would be easier to kick her when she was down, but something stirred inside me, resenting the thought. Her sorrow was insignificant compared to what I was going through. She lived in her perfect little world where Voldemort was only a distant nightmare, not even close to the hell that I was living in. "What are you doing here, Granger?" I asked venomously from the shadows, almost afraid to reveal myself. Her head snapped in my direction, revealing murderous, tear-stained eyes. "Go away, Malfoy. You arrogant prat. I don't need your help feeling sorry for myself," she retorted. I could feel her anger rippling across each word, and it only offered a better challenge. Maybe, making her feel even worse just might help. It was worth a go. "Oh but you do. Crying over Weasel-bee or Saint Potter this time?" I challenged. Whether she realized it or not, her growing affection for the bumbling Gryffindor idiots hadn't gone unnoticed by the rest of Hogwarts, especially a gossiping lot like the Slytherins. "Not your problem." She didn't look at me, but with a wave of her wand, yellow birds appeared out of nowhere chirping and hovering around her head. "See, that's where you're wrong. It's exceedingly difficult to torture you for unrequited love if I don't know which wanker to insult." I remained hidden in shadow, not too keen on the idea of her hitting me with whatever curse she had in mind, and when her eyes once more turned violent, it confirmed my theory. "Oppugno," she chanted, pointing the wand in my direction. The yellow birds went diving fast at my head, but I was able to easily avoid them as they crashed and dissipated into the wooden shafts lining the walls of the Astronomy Tower. Finally, I stepped out of hiding into a beam of moonlight. Her eyes slowly roved my appearance, like she was checking off and inspecting ingredients for her next Potions assignment. I watched as she noted my all black suit complete with the Slytherin tie, but the Mudblood was more observant than anyone gave her credit for. Her teary brown eyes grasped the details few seemed to pay attention to. She noticed the jeweled tie clip that Mother had given me on behalf of my father, my Father's ring too big for my finger, and my own red-rimmed eyes. "You've changed," she commented with a lingering taste of almost sympathy. Little did she know, her simple assessment spoke volumes. If you want to fix me Push me into your fantasy If you try to get me Sell me your personality Hermione's POV The high and mighty Pureblood himself stood in front of me. The same boy who had insulted my Muggle-born birth at every turn, the very same that bullied and tortured anyone he deemed unworthy of life. Despite all the cruelty I knew he was capable of, I felt myself overwhelmed with sympathy for my tormentor of the past five years. He truly looked like the shell of the Draco I had once loathed. Now, he was almost pitiable. Deep bags from apparent lack of sleep resided beneath his cold, gray eyes, but his eyes were sad and glistened from freshly fallen tears. The detestable Malfoy I knew never cried. He lived to see me cry, and for the past two years I had done a bang up job of avoiding that from happening. "Answer my question, Mudblood," he demanded, calling me that filthy slur, taunting me to fight him. I picked myself up off the floor, straightening my back, begging for some of that Gryffindor courage to return. "Answer mine," I returned, refusing to back down. The hateful prat simply walked over to me, focusing on the mountains beyond the open window, his wand hanging useless in his hand. "Because, Granger, that's why." His body seemed to be unable to bear his own weight as he slouched deeply against the window, needing to lean on his elbows for support. As I turned my body to stare out the window, I found myself noticing how easily he towered over me. His height surprised me, and I felt at the disadvantage. I never felt short around Ron or Harry, so Malfoy must tower over them. With the thought of Ron, I tried to fight back the sob but failed miserably. His quicksilver eyes immediately focused in on me. Desperately, I tried to back away from the window, but his hand clamped down gently on my arm, turning me to face him. "It was one of them, wasn't it?" His eyes danced with glee but there was something else. I couldn't say for sure, but I would almost swear by Godric it was anger. It brought down my walls enough for me to not think about how I should answer. "Ron. He was snogging that…that…" "Slag?" He offered with a smirk. "I was going to say tart, but slag is more appropriate. I just couldn't take it. Harry found me crying in a stairway, and I was starting to feel better when Ron and that slag, Lavender, came in." I gulped, attempting to calm my breathing. The words continue to come rushing out in my anger, "He acted like everything was fine. Bloody Hell! I've loved him for four years, and the idiot doesn't have the slightest idea of it." Draco regarded my