Hey Guys, Oxus Here With My SECOND STORY, Which Is A Spin-Off Of Unexpected Outcomes. This Is A Pertemis Story, So If You Don't Like This Couple, Don't Read. I Think This Will Be Cliched In Some Way, so Sorry If I Copied Anyone Here. This Story Takes Place During Chapter 2. ( I Noticed This Mistake When I Did The AU, But I Fixed That, Hopefully.) This Is A Guardian Of The Hunt Story, As Well. And Aphrodite Will NOT BE S SLUT/WHORE, She is the goddess of LOVE, not Sexuality, at least I don't think so... Hopefully I'll Do Better Than My Other Story Did... Anyways, Here Is Chapter 1 Of Alternate Outcomes. Oh Yeah, I Don't Own Percy Jackson and The Olympians, Or The Heroes Of Olympus, Rick Riordan Does. No POV As Percy stood in front of the gods, he saw Annabeth sitting at the foot of her mother's, Athena, throne. Percy felt godly energy in her, indicating that she accepted godhood, breaking Percy's heart alot. He turned to Hazel and Frank, he smiled towards them since they looked happy together. To them, Percy was an important part of their family; he acted like it. Always worrying about them, protecting them, and even laughed with them, no matter what anybody said, they will always look up to Percy since he's powerful, but he wasn't arrogant or cocky. Percy also felt godly energy in them, but wasn't to mad about it at all, unlike the situation with a certain blonde. He also felt the energy from Piper and Jason, and he was happy for them as well. They finally needed a break from all the quests and wars. Jason saw Percy and waved at him, causing Percy to do the same. JAson then gestured over to Leo and Calypso, who were making out near the back, and started to make kissy noises, which made Percy laugh softly and Piper to slap him and telling him to stop. Then Both Jason and Piper walked towards Percy. "So, you to accepted godhood?" Percy asked as the both of them stopped in front of him. Jason wrapped his arm around Piper's waist and pulled her closer. "Yeah." Jason said and looked at Piper. "And my girlfriend is the most beautiful goddess there is." Piper giggled at the comment and started to move closer to Jason's lips, and soon they started to kiss with Percy just staring at them. Percy didn't do anything until the kiss started to get more...erotic, was the word Percy was describing the scene in front of him and coughed. "*cough* You now, no PDA is allowed and especially in front of the gods*cough*." Percy said, not wanting this to get out of hand. Hearing this, the duo broke away, blushing heavily and said their goodbyes and good lucks to Percy. Before Percy could speak to anymore of his friends, Thunder boomed in the distance, Percy then looked at Zeus, who told Percy to come closer and Percy did that and was surprised about what was going to happen next. Percy was standing in the middle at first, then a couple of seconds latter, he was suffocating from a hug from Zeus, which surprised everyone, including the gods and the demigods in the council room. Zeus pulled back and laid a hand on Percy's shoulder. "Thank you, Percy." Zeus said whit a genuine smile, which made Percy think that someone was up to something, or forced his uncle to be nice or something, either way, it creeped Percy out to no ends. Poseidon was also surprised at this, but also was proud of his son, since Zeus never did this to anyone, hell, he didn't do this when Hercules/Heracles saved them, which showed that Percy changed Zeus' perspective of everything including himself, completely changing into a new character altogether. He even stopped cheating on Hera, which made said goddess very happy. Seeing the results from his son made him proud to have such a talented kid that can do the impossible, although, Poseidon thought about a very impossible thing. Getting Artemis to love someone, if his son managed to change her perspective of males being "disgusting", he would throw a party, that went on forever, although, as Poseidon thought about it, it seemed too impossible. Even if Percy managed to become friends with Artemis, which is a challenge within itself and possibly getting killed from that, seemed to far in the impossible section. After that, he casted out that thought and beamed a smile at his son which he returned with his own, although, he noticed that Percy's smile lost his brightness. Poseidon felt bad for him, the love of his life betrayed him for something else. He wanted to comfort him, but he knew that now wasn't a great time for it. After hugging Percy, Zeus went back and sat on his throne and looked at Percy. "My boy, you've done the impossible, you defeated the Giants and Gaea. You have done Olympus a great deed and thus I give you this opportunity, will you except godhood?" Zeus said, even though he knew the young boy's answer, just like most of the gods, except for a silver-eyed goddess. "I'm certain that the boy will chose godhood now, even if he declined it the first time. He probably decline it the first time since he can become stronger and become the hero of the second prophecy, tsk. Typical male. However, I highly doubt that myself, he's loyal to a fault, and he doesn't give himself the credit that he earned, like he hasn't even heard of praise in his life. Perseus Jackson, you are an interesting man. WAIT! Did I just call Perseus a MAN?! Aphrodite most be messing with my head." Artemis said in her mind as she looked at the boy in the she glared at the love goddess. Even though she respected him for his deeds and the way he never flirted with her hunters in anyway, she can never be sure, because she thought that it was a cover-up. To hide his true self. Although, Artemis couldn't help but blush when she recalled all the times he saved her, which made her perspective of males lessen and started to think that Percy was different. Thalia was certain of that opinion. The two were cousins, and they fought alot, which normally destroyed stuff and dragged that Hades' spawn, Nico, into it as well . But, their relationship was a bond of sorts, they would protect each other and even takes hits for each other. Artemis smiled at this alittle bit in the inside, because it reminded her about her relationship with Apollo before they were gods. Artemis looked at the boy after she was done thinking and was surprised when the boy didn't answer yet, but it wasn't long before the answer was announced. "No." said Percy before continuing. "No offense, but I have somethings I want, please swear on the River Styx and I'll tell you my needs." Zeus looked at Percy before saying the oath as well as everyone else in the Olympian council. Zeus then gestured towards Percy to tell him his wishes. Percy inhaled then exhaled before looking at Zeus. "Okay, my first wish is that I want Lady Hestia and Lord Hades to become part of the council, both the are one of the six eldest gods and yet, they don't have a throne." Percy said respectfully. Zeus looked at the council, most nodding their heads and told Hermes to get Hestia and Hades. Hermes flashed out and a couple of minutes later, he flashed back in with Hestia and Hades. Zeus looked at the two before getting of his throne and shrinking to normal human size since his older sister and older brother were in human size too. He pulled both in a hug, surprising both Hestia and Hades before returning the hug. Zeus pulled back and grew back to Olympian size and looked at Hades and Hestia. "My brother and sister, someone wished for you two to have a throne on Olympus." Zeus said to the two confused gods. "Who, brother?" Hestia said softly while Hades nodded. Zeus smiled and pointed towards Percy, who was zoned out and didn't hear Zeus. Hestia and Hades followed his finger until they saw Percy. As Percy was thinking about some random topic, he suddenly got bulldozer by an eight-year-old goddess and was tackled to the ground by the sobbing goddess. Percy carefully wrapped his arms around Hestia and rubbed her back. They stayed like that for a couple of minutes, everyone smiling at the scene, including Hades, soon Hestia pulled away and looked at Percy with her red eyes. "Thank you, Perseus." she said as she smiled brightly at Percy. He returned and saw Hades walk up to Percy and Hestia. He gave Percy a nod turned to Hestia, before both put one hand on each of his shoulder and started to hum. And soon, Percy felt power as Hades then flashed to his throne, which was black and black and nothing, but black. Hestia looked at Percy and said something that made everyone gasp. "Will you become my champion?" Percy looked at her wide eyes, before immediately answering her question. "Yes!" Percy said and Hestia squealed about, before gathering her composure and said a couple of words Percy didn't recognize. and soon she sent a ray of fire that hit Percy and he stumbled back before started to feel alot more powerful. He also felt this comforting feeling around his body and as he looked at everybody, they looked shocked. Which made Percy confused. sensing his confusion, Athena summoned a mirror and gave it to Percy. As he looked into it, he gasped. In the center, there were green flames as his pupil and thought it looked badass. Hestia smile at this and hugged him one more time before pulling. "Since your my champion, you now can control fire, as well as summon fire, same thing goes for Greek fire, too. You're also immune to fire and can teleport using fire. Fire can heal you. You can summon any home-cooked meal. Also, call me mom." said Hestia as she smiled at him. "Okay...mom." Percy said causing Hestia to smile and flashed to her throne. "Okay Percy, your next wish." Zeus said. "Oh right, second wish, I want Camp Half-Blood and Camp Jupiter to merge together." Percy said, causing both camps to gasp before conversing to each other the possibilities. Zeus thought about before looking at Athena, who was in deep thought as well. "It might be bad since the rivalry, however it could also used to improve the relationship between the Greeks and the Romans. Also, it could also improve our strength and combat effectiveness, since both the Greeks and the Romans have very good strategies and different techniques that could possibly help both of them either way." Athena said to Zeus. He then turned towards the campers. "What do you think?" Zeus asked the camper. Many of the campers agreed and cheered for it. Zeus nodded and looked at Percy and nodded. "I want everybody but the gods to leave." Percy said causing a disturbance towards the campers as they looked at Percy with confusion. The gods looked at him before Zeus nodded and made everyone go to the party in the party room of Olympus. (Yes they have a party room in my story.) Percy then looked at the seven including Nico, Thalia, and Reyna. "Can you guys leave to?" Percy asked them in a hushed tone. Thalia was about to protest, but Nico grabbed arm and shook his head. Soon, everyone but the gods and Percy left to go to the party. "What is your last wish?" Zeus asked the boy, confused on my he asked the campers to leave. Percy let out a breath and slowly looked up at the gods before uttering his last