A/N: Hello, ShinyLight here. I thought it would be different and fun to write in a second-person POV. Not completely different from the whole first-person or third, but you don't see many stories written that way. So, I'm sorry if you're not a big fan of that type of narration, but again, I'm just writing this for fun so boo on your part. This will most likely be a really short story, 2-3 chapters to be precise. Character's may seem a little OC but I tried to stay somewhat close to the guidelines. Also, it's all human, no crazy magic or mythical creatures crap. I mean, I like it but c'mon, theres only so much you can write with that stuff before it becomes repetitive, right? Disclaimer: I don't own anything relating to twilight or it's characters. TAKE IT TO THE HEART I can see you there waiting for me like always. Your dark brown eyes smile at my presence as I approach and take a seat opposite of you on this wooden picnic table. The smell of your perfume flows past my nose as the wind lightly begins to pick up. It was a heavenly scent, one I missed greatly. My smile is soft, masking the sadness that radiates throughout my being. I didn't want to be here, but your persistent attitude wouldn't take any more of my fake excuses. A white lie here, a small one there and no harm done… that is… until now. Have you caught on, yet? Have you any idea what you do to me? "How are you?" You ask. It hurts. This feeling of uneasiness and loss. To know that your heart belongs to someone else, it drives me astray. It annoys me to see you smile knowing that you and I shouldn't and will never be. My chest hurts knowing you only see me as a friend and nothing more. Is that what you want to hear? I doubt it. "Good." My smile still soft, not quite reaching my eyes. "Anything new? I've notice you've been quite busy lately." Children playing nearby catch my attention and I slowly turn to look at them. If only I could be carefree like them, void of the hurt, the sadness, the longing that your presence seems to emit from me every time I see you. "No." The slight cold tone sneaks in with my simple answer. I didn't mean to slip and all I can do is swallow my self-hate, trying to avoid your stare just a little longer. It's depressing really, to feel like this. My gaze lingers on the kids for another moment, dreading the brief silence between us before returning to look at you. Dark eyebrows furrow together in confusion and I could only think to myself at how funny it is that you would care so much. If you only knew the truth, I doubt you would be giving me that face. You asked me if I was alright, my one worded answer's signaling you something was off. Was I? What did you want from me, from your best friend? I lied and smiled at your question, answering simply in full sentences to make you think otherwise. Your eyes light up with approval and I continue to ask how your day was. I only did this for you, pretending so that you wouldn't see right through me. It's the same every time we meet. Nothing has changed it seems. Do you have any idea how much this hurts? How much I want to rip open my chest and place my red beating heart on the table for you? To see you embrace it with open arms and return the love I so wish to have. Would you accept it or toss it right in the garbage bin without hesitance? I would not be able to stand it if it was the latter, truthfully. Trusting me with so much and, yet, I wonder why. If you knew how much I wished your heart would belong to me like it did to someone else, you probably wouldn't be sitting here. Even now, as I try to distant myself, I can see the worry in your eyes, my betrayal in our friendship. My heart hurts and wants to comfort you but in doing so would only hurt it more in the end. I never wanted this but I needed more, more than friendship, more than light touches, more than quick goodbye kisses on the cheeks. I needed all of you... I want all of you. But do you know how hard this is for me? Just sitting here with you is a struggle. It doesn't matter though, this is for the best. I am sure of it. My façade will not break. I will not cross the river only to drown on the other side. The heart can only take so much my, sweets. What did you expect me to do? "I talked to Edward today." And there it is. The cause for my pain. The one thing that holds you back and away from me. If only I had been first in your eyes, the first to meet you at that local party, the first to befriend you, the first to ask you my one secrete. But sadly, I wasn't and I'm beyond the point of exhaustion now. I'm tired of pretending for you. I want to know how much you would miss me if I were to ever leave. I've considered it multiple times that I'm surprised I haven't done it yet. Even now as you look at me, I want to cry. I want to shed the tears I have been holding for so long. I want to scream out my pain into the sky and laugh when you realize what my heart wants from you. But don't worry, I won't. I'm too much of a coward to even attempt it. "How is my brother?" A smile, "Still trying to save the world. His battalion should be coming home within the next month though. So I'm glad." "That's good." I could only nod, my gaze still locked with yours as the silence begins to sneak its way in between us again. I hated moments like these. The heaviness of your chest as it breathes in slowly because of uncertainty, your orbs swimming with a hidden emotion I have yet to decipher, and even that thing you do with your tongue as it slightly pokes out to moisten your chapped lips. I. Hated. It. Hated it because it made me want you more. Do you even know how enticing you look just sitting there all innocent and confused? It's as if time had slowed just for us, too. The children in the background becoming quieter and the leaves that fall all around stay suspended in the autumn air. And as if it had to contradict itself from my time slowed stupor, a cool breeze flows softly with your dark locks as they move from one shoulder to the next. I cannot help my grey eyes inspect every inch of your beautiful face. The imperfection of your slender lips, the sharpness of your small nose, your thin and long eyebrows as they scrunch downwards in concern, and lastly, my favorite, your dark chocolate eyes. Do you know how readable you are with those shinny gems? How you let every emotion slip right into them as if trying to hide your thoughts, but that mask has long ago fallen since I've stepped into the picture. You could never fool me, although, lately, you have been doing well to hide something I can't yet seem to get a hold on. "Alice." Hearing my name, I snap out of my daze, time speeding up to match the present once more, children laughing loudly again, the leaves falling elegantly back into their dance as they glide all around us like before. I can hear the uncertainty in your voice, but why? The look you give me is worrisome and confusing. "Yes, Bella?" I say your name slowly, cherishing the sound of it, and then, the pain hits me, shaking me out of my daydream. The void in my heart grows bigger, my chest sinking into the abyss deep within me. Will this feeling ever go away? Hesitating for a brief moment, your dark orbs scan at anything besides me. What has you so troubled? I continue to watch in patience as you struggle to form the right words you want to say. "Alice, I-I was wondering if you would like to come over and just hang out with me. You've been distant lately and… and I just wanted to talk, catch up." I could only giggle silently to myself as you try to finish, "I-I mean… It's just been awhile since we've done anything together a-and-" I placed my pale hand on top of yours, stopping that nervous habit you still can't seem to break out of. Cheeks redden with embarrassment and for once, a genuine smile reaches my own. Slowly removing my hand from yours, I instantly miss the contact but promised myself it was for the better. I didn't want to touch you longer than I had too, otherwise, I might never want to let go my dear. I was distancing myself for a reason and I'm surprised that you even noticed the small change in such little time. It had only been roughly three weeks since I've made the decision. Did I want to compromise all the work I've already put in just because you feel lonely today? Have you not realized how long I've felt lonely? "Alice, please. Just for a little while at least. I-I miss you." Your brown eyes search mine and, yet again, I am confused at what I see swimming deep within them. It's now that you reach for my own hand like I had done earlier, trying to persuade my self-debating head to agree. A puff of small air leaves my lips as I sigh at your adorable pouting face, you always knew how to break me without even breaking a sweat. "Sure, why not." I say with a sincere smile and instantly your chocolate orbs light up. Retracting my hand from yours, I see the slight disappointment form on your face before quickly masking it away. I pretend not to notice and reach for my cell in my purse, checking the time. It was only 1:30pm, we hadn't been here long at all. Making a mental note, I promised myself I wouldn't stay any longer than 4 o'clock. I was determined to make my plan work. I had to because having the feeling of your heart getting ripped out of your chest everyday was just unbearable. The less time I stayed the faster I would be able to recover, right? Right. You stood up first and I followed suit. It's a good thing your flat was only around the corner from this park. I honestly didn't feel like walking far in this cool autumn weather, my high heel boots did no justice to my poor feet. As you led the way, I followed a step behind and for the first time, I was actually able to see what you were wearing, my grey eyes darkening at the sight I'm sure. Long legs encased in tight jeans showing off the right curves, a perfectly low-cut V-neck blouse, covered by a tight summer zip-up sweater, and lastly, your old black chucks. Casual but at the same time, sexy. I was never able to understand how you could always pull it off. Even now as I glance at your perfectly shaped butt swaying from left to right, you still manage to make my heart race. Noticing my sudden slowed pace, dark irises glance behind your shoulder to look at me. It's a good thing my so-called "sixth-sense" kicked in right before you could catch my hazed-covered stare. My eyes lifted