Author's Note: Hello! This is my first fanfiction and I am glad you have come and read my debut fanfic. I would love to get some constructive criticism in order to improve the quality of this fanfic and other future works so leave a review at the end of the chapter! Also, please let me know if there are any characters that are OCC and/or something that is inconsistent in the story with the Tolkien canon. Lastly, please let me know if my story is as bad as My Immortal. I do not own any of the characters or any of Tolkien's works as they are controlled and owned by the Tolkien Estate. I also do not own the rights to the song "Nature Boy", as originally sung by Nat King Cole, 1948. This story is loving dedicated in memory to Sir Christopher Lee (1922-2015) and Andrew Lesnie (1956-2015). Lastly, this story is for Elizabeth. The twilight of this world has already begun. Darkness comes at hand, an ancient evil awakening, his most loyal and dreadful followers back into the world of the living, renewed of strength and form. The sun will burn its last light, the moon emitting its last glow. The alien realm of Aman will reappear once again beyond the great sea. The battle of all battles is at hand. The Dagor Dagorath. When Morgoth breaks out of the Door of Night. Ancient heroes will rise to combat the Master of Darkness, legends that came back from the stream of time, through great peril and through loss. New trials will arise, bonds tested, and new friends (and foes) will be on this dangerous path. But they must wield the greatest weapon that history has ever possessed. One that they cannot hold with hands nor one that cannot see. No other power can withstand all forms of evil and the Dark Lord himself. And is the hardest power to ever understand the entirety of it. This tale is a story of love's struggle against hate. A story of different people, youthful and old, their lives forever changed and are thrust into center of the decisive Dagor Dagorath. Three tales, in different places, struggle against the dark forces internally and externally, while discovering hidden strengths they believe they could not have possess. And it is I, Yáviel the Elven Muse of Story and Legend that shall sing the story of the decisive fate of the dawn of the new Eä and of the battle of all battles, the legend of all legends, and lastly, the greatest tale of the eternal battle of love pitted against darkness and hate. Yes, I shall begin the great song….. There was a boy A very strange, enchanted boy They say he wandered very far, Very far, over land and sea A little shy and sad of eye But very wise was he And then one day, one magic day He passed my way, and while we spoke Of many things, fools and kings, This he said to me, " The greatest thing you'll ever learn, is just to love, And be loved in return…" Lord of the Rings: Legends in Time It had been thousands of years since she had last visited the place where she made her vow of love. The silly, naïve young elleth she was then was only a mere shadow of what she was now. She remembered her soft hands touched by the warmth of his hands, before blood covered their hands and he could only touch her with one hand. She could also remember his long, crimson hair tangled into her own raven locks and the smile that he had on his handsome face. That memory of their vow was now a painful reminder of those blissful times that had proceeded the dark memories of shattered dreams and undying grief. The eternal beauty of Lórien only made the memory worse for her just like her nightmares, with the relentless cycle of a beautiful dream turn into an inglorious nightmare. Most of her nightmares surrounded around him. The fantasies of him being alive and smiling turned into him being engulfed by the flames that consumed him. Others were of the needlessly slain, of her unable to save her beloved father and uncle at the hands of those despicable Telerian elves, and that land of a living hell that she did not dare mention its name. She held on to that undying grief even though Aman was a place where sorrow was nearly nonexistent. The happiness of the land made her try her hardest to sway from it. She especially avoided Tirion and Alqualondë, though she made occasional visits to the former for food and clothes. She was aware of the tales that Elves (perhaps started by the ungrateful Teleri) that they told to their elflings of a dangerous siren who was a Kinslayer who lurked around in the woods, luring Elves to their deaths. She knew that these stories were about her. Though they were just tales, she made no effort to defend herself. In fact, she liked it to remain that way, as she never cared what others said about her. They can say anything malicious about her. Let them spread untruths to their children. Let them fear her. She needed no pity or sympathy. She needed no forgiveness from anyone. For none knew of the broken dreams she carried, the lover that she had lost in the fiery chasm, and the bitterness she had towards those who were responsible for ruining her life. But she was not thinking about embracing the untruths at that moment. She was overwhelmed by gazing the place where she declared her love. For the first time in thousands of years, she could let herself let out all of the grief she had suppressed, let out more tears than Nienna had ever shed . 'Let the tears fall, let them fall. Just this once. I will never shed them again. Shed them not for myself. Shed them for my dear father. Shed them for my dear uncle. Shed them for all the innocent people that had perished. Shed them for the promises that were never fulfilled. Shed them for my Russandol, my Maitimo.' The tears made ripples in the lake of Lorellin, her forlorn reflection illuminated by the silvery moonlight. It made it seem that she was the only person in the vast silvery forest grove. However, she was being watched the whole time she was there by two figures nearby. One of them spoke, "Instead of wallowing in your sorrow, why don't you be useful for once? Your skills can be of great use for us on our quest, Lady Wilwarin." Hiding mortification, Wilwarin turned around to see the source of the voice. Several meters away from her was a person who was elflike, but she recognized him as one of the Maiar. The grey cladded Maia also had a companion with him, but was hidden in the shadows of the trees, Wilwarin noticed. But all she could think about was her humiliation, of those two strangers seeing her weep by the lake. She gave the Maia an accusing look with a mixture of anger and chagrin in her ice blue eyes. Then with an equally accusing tone laced with anger she said, "You and your friend want to spread a story of me, the dangerous siren wallowing in self-pity and full of grief and bitterness to your friends, go ahead. Well, I will not give a damn about it. Go. Go ahead! For the Valar's sake, go spread it if it makes you both mirthful!" The Maia only brushed his blond hair off his face and in response, he said reassuringly, "No, Wilwarin, it's not that. I am only giving you an offer, though you do not need to accept it. I have heard you have a rare and powerful gift that may be of great use to the quest that I must embark on. Is it shapeshifting?" Wilwarin then calmed slightly, but still had her suspicions, said, "Yes. I do have shapeshifting abilities, but I have not used them since the War of Wrath. What is the offer you are giving me? And, who are you?" The blond Maia answered, "I am known by many names, but the name that I have in Aman is Olórin. As for the offer I am offering to you, an ancient enemy has reemerged for the first time in thousands of years. You know who he is." A wave of shock flowed through her body. 'But it could not be! Morgoth was supposed trapped inside the Door of Night for all eternity!' Suspicion still lingered in her blue eyes and Wilwarin said, "Are you lying to me of the Dark Lord's return, Olórin just for me to come out of my seclusion and for everyone to kill me on the spot?" But the look on Olórin's face was grave and he replied, "No lady Wilwarin daughter of Calanon, I am not being deceitful. What I have said about Morgoth's return is unfortunately true. "But there is something that you can do if you accept my offer. I, along with several companions, will go east to combat the dark forces that are going to invade Arda. However that is not all. There are harder tasks at hand. That is all I am going to tell you. The full details, I will not reveal them to you unless you accept my offer." At the mention of traveling east, Wilwarin only felt bitterness and did not even dare to listen to the rest of it. Right after Olórin finished speaking, Wilwarin coldly replied, "I do not want to be involved with anything to do with that living hell of a place. You might try over the hill or across the water, I don't care." She turned her back against Olórin and his still shadowed companion, wishing both go away. Obviously, they know that she was not interested in traveling east. She did give Olórin a piece of her mind about Arda. That would make him and silent companion go away. Moments after Wilwarin thought she was alone again, Olórin then said still calm, much to the irritation of her, "The Wilwarin I was told about was much different from who you are now. I heard that she used to be optimistic, though every day might have been the day she died. I heard that she never backed down from danger to save others. And I have heard that she was loyal and faithful to a fault. These were the reasons why M-" That was the last straw. She did not hold back her infuriation towards Olórin and lashed out, "Do not even use HIS NAME to take advantage of me, Maia! How did you know about my past affairs? Who told you that information? TELL ME!" Olórin's shadowed companion finally spoke up, a resonating sound coming out of his lips, said, "Wilwarin, I give you my sincerest apologies. It was I that told Olórin about your past. Other than we and another that knows, knowledge of your past is safe with us." Still furious with the fact that not two, but three knew of her suffering in the damned land, searching for the equally damned jewels. It had driven him and his brother to their deaths. And she only watched, watching her beloved and his family suffer and slowly die because of three damned jewels. She then said to the still shadowed companion, still infuriated, "Well, who the hell are you? Show your face!" The companion did not take offense to her brash words and stepped out of the shadows of the silver woods. When Wilwarin saw him in the light, her imprudent demeanor immediately changed to one of incredulity and shock. That face was all too familiar with his dark hair and grey eyes, though he had changed greatly since she last saw him. The only