When Darkness Falls "This place looks strangely familiar," said Sam, trailing behind Frodo. "That's because we've been here before," said Frodo. "We're going in circles!" "Mr. Frodo look!" said Sam, pointing through the fog. For a brief instant they saw the figure of a woman, walking silently along the rocks. Then she was gone. "We're not alone," said Frodo. That night, while camping under some rocks, they heard someone scrambling down the side of the cliff. Someone jumped down just in front of them and they jumped on the person. They knocked her to the ground and Frodo sat on her chest, his sword pointed at her neck. She held her hands up, showing she had no weapons except for the exquisite bow upon her back. They noticed she had pointed ears. The two hobbits looked at each other and then back at the elf they had trapped. She had long dark hair and pale skin. The hobbits thought her face looked familiar. She smiled showing white teeth. "What do you want?" asked Frodo. "You're Frodo?" she asked. They noticed her eyes were colourless. "Yes," he said. "This is my companion, Samwise Gamgee." "I'm Etharel," she said. "Are you going to let me up?" Frodo got up. She stood up. She was at least twice the height of the hobbits. She bowed to them. "You are being tracked." "We know," said Sam. At that point, Gollum appeared out of nowhere, attacking Sam and Frodo. Sam was wrestling with the creature when Etharel grabbed Gollum by the back of the neck and pulled him off. "Listen to me and listen well," she said. "You will not harm these honorable hobbits and if you do you will pay with your life. Do you understand?" Gollum snarled but submitted. She let him down and Sam tied a piece of Elvish rope around his neck. "This is from Lothlorien," she said, examining the rope. "It is," said Frodo. "How did you know?" "I came from Lorien," she said. "Why'd you leave?" asked Sam. "It's not a story I like to tell," she said. "Maybe another time." She started off but looked back when she found the hobbits with Gollum weren't following. "Frodo. Sam. There are two things you need on your journey: a guide, that you have right there, and a protector, I can do that." The hobbits knew she was right. "Coming?" They followed her however Gollum was putting up a fight. He was screaming that the rope was burning his neck. Frodo let the rope go but Sam was unconvinced that Frodo was making a good choice. Etheral was neutral on the release. They soon had made their way out of Emen Muil and were crossing stinking marshes. "There are faces in the water!" cried Sam. "Yes," said Gollum. "All from an ancient battle. Men, Orcses and Elveses alike." Etharel knelt by a small pool and stared at the face of a dead elf. She reached out to touch the surface of the water but Gollum slapped her hand. "Don't follow the lights!" he snarled. He crawled off. Frodo seemed distracted. He was staring into a pool when suddenly, he fell into it. "FRODO!" Etheral called. Gollum leapt into the pool and pulled out the drenched hobbit. "Don't follow the lights!" he repeated. They walked on. That night, while Frodo, Sam and Gollum were sleeping, Etheral stayed up staring into the moon, fingering her bow, strung with a swan feather fletched arrow. She looked into the full moon and remembered a night from her past. She buried her face in her hands. "Something wrong Etheral?" came Frodo's voice. "I was banished fifty years ago on this night," she said. "Banished?" he said, sitting beside her. "I did something," she said. "Something unforgivable. Galadriel banished me from Lothlorien and disowned me. She robbed me of the gift to see colour." "You're related to the Lady of Light?" he asked. "She's my mother," she said. She bowed her head. "I went to Mirkwood for a time. I met someone there who didn't care about what I had done. He was a real friend." "Who was he?" "Legolas Greenleaf," she said with a smile. "I know him!" he said. "Sam and I travelled with him for a while." "I stayed there for a while before I had to leave. I was beginning to feel uncomfortable. Elves were sending assassins after me. I left and came to Emen Muil." She sighed. "Get some sleep. We leave at dawn." Frodo got up and went to stand by Gollum. Etharel sighed. Morning came and the small company started off. The elf-maiden walked ahead just behind Gollum. The creature stopped. Etharel knew why. A Nazgul was coming. "Get down!" she said. They ducked under a shrub and watched as the Fell Beast flew overhead. She clenched her jaw and gripped her bow. The Nazgul left with a final shriek and the group crawled out of hiding. They continued on and made their way out of the marshes. "Trees!" Etharel cried. "I haven't seen trees in years!" She climbed right to the top of the tallest tree and looked out at the surrounding landscape. "Etharel!" called Sam. "We must be going." They travelled onward to the Black Gates. When they reached them, they hid behind a rocky outcrop and stared at the Gates. "There is no way we are getting through those without being seen," said Etharel. "We've got to try," said Frodo. She looked doubtful. They saw an army of men marching towards the gate. The gates opened and the army marched through. As the last of the men filed through the gates shut. "There is another way," said Gollum. "A dark way." They started off again, following Gollum through the forest. One day, many days later, Gollum came bouncing up to Frodo with two hares in his mouth. "Look what Smeagol finds!" he said. "Eat them, crunch them!" "There's only one way to cook a bunch of hares," said Sam, taking the hares from Smeagol. He had soon made a delicious smelling stew. "Smells good, Sam," said Etharel. The hobbit smiled at the elf. "You're not like other elves," he said. She smiled. "Mr. Frodo? Frodo?" Etharel looked around and saw that Frodo had gone. She saw the tracks leading away from the camp and followed them. They found Frodo lying on his stomach staring out at Oliphaunts and men marching past. "Wow," said Etharel. She flinched as arrows flew from nowhere, hitting the men and Oliphaunts, killing them all. Frodo and Sam were hauled off their feet by men. They were dressed in dark green and brown. A tall man with auburn hair stepped forward. "What are two Halflings doing so far from the Shire?" he said. "And where are the other members of your company?" Frodo and Sam were confused. Etharel was right beside them but she wasn't now. In her place was a single pure white flower. "Etharel?" Frodo whispered. "Etharel?" said Faramir. "Who is that?" "My protector," said Frodo. "Look!" said a ranger. "A rare flower!" He knelt down to pull it from the ground when the flower shimmered and changed from a flower to an elf-maiden. "Who are you?" asked Faramir. "Etharel," she said. "I'm travelling with Frodo and Sam." "She's our protector," said Sam. " She is your guard?" said Faramir. "Don't underestimate her," said Frodo. Etharel smiled. Faramir looked doubtful. He took them back to his ranger's hide out in Ithillien. It was right behind a waterfall. "This place is beautiful," she said. "It's a hideout," said Faramir. "It's still beautiful," she sighed. Faramir took an hour questioning Frodo and Sam. Etharel sat next to the waterfall. She peered out from their cave and down into a pool. "The pool is forbidden," said a ranger. She smiled at him. Faramir and Frodo walked past and Etharel followed, wanting to make sure no harm came to the hobbit. They arrived at a ledge overlooking the forbidden pool. Etharel looked out into the full moon and as Frodo looked at her, he thought she looked lovelier than any woman he had ever seen. Her pale skin gave off a star-like glow and her eyes captured the moon's light. "Look down," said Faramir. They looked down and saw Gollum diving in and out of the pool. Etharel's eyes caught sight of many rangers aiming their bows at Gollum. "No," said Frodo. "He is my guide." Frodo went down to Gollum and attempted to coax him out of the pool. He came out with a half-eaten fish in his mouth. "Come on, Smeagol. Trust master," he said. Just as Gollum crawled out of the pool, rangers grabbed him and Frodo and dragged them back to the hideout. Etharel followed. After beating up Gollum, Faramir had found out about the Ring and was going to take Frodo, Sam, Etharel and Gollum to Osgiliath. They walked for days until they reached the ruined city of Osgiliath where they found it at battle with orcs. The charge was being led by a Ringwraith. Its Fell Beast let out a piercing shriek and Etharel, with her heightened senses, let out a cry and blocked her ears. Etharel noticed Frodo standing on a bridge, the Ring in hand, in front of the Wraith. Etharel loosed an arrow and it pierced the beast's nose. Sam pushed Frodo out of the way as Etharel ran forward. "Frodo," she said. "We have to go. It's not safe here." Faramir came up to them. "I have wronged you," he said. "The Ring can't help Gondor, only destroy. I know a way out!" He led them to a sewer. "This will lead you to outside the city. But I must ask: Where are you going?" "We are going to Mordor. Smeagol knows a secret way," said Frodo. "The stairs of Cirith Ungol?" said Faramir. Gollum looked guilty. The company left, Faramir staring after them. Once outside Osgiliath, they continued onwards to Mordor. After another week of travelling they arrived at Minas Morgul. "We are here," said Gollum. "The Endless Stair." "It's huge!" said Etharel. "Let's get a start on it." They had just started climbing when the gates to Minas Morgul opened and out poured legions of orcs. Etharel was the first to start climbing, leaping up the stairs showing exceptional balance and skill. Gollum followed her, followed by Frodo then Sam. Etharel climbed without tiring. After hours of climbing, they settled down for the night. Etharel went ahead to check if the stairs were going to get any harder. When she got back, Frodo was yelling at Sam and Gollum looked triumphant. "GO HOME!" said Frodo. "Frodo!" said Etharel. "You don't mean that." "You too!" he said. "You know I can't!" she said. "Just leave!" he said. "FRODO!" she said, tears forming in her colourless eyes. Frodo and Gollum left, leaving Etharel to comfort a broken and upset Sam. They started down the stairs. Suddenly, Sam slipped and fell down the stairs. "Sam!" She helped him up and she saw a packet of Lembas bread. "Etharel," said Sam. "What did you do to get you banished from Lothlorien?" She sighed. "I cut a flower," she said. "That's it?" "It was a sacred flower," she said. "That's why I turned into a flower when Faramir ambushed us. I was blessed when I was born: to be able to turn into a flower." "If you could turn back time," said Sam, "would you stop yourself from doing that?" "No," she said. "If I hadn't done that, I wouldn't have met Legolas and Frodo and you. Everything happens for a reason." "We have to go save Frodo from that wretch!" said Sam. Etharel nodded and they began the arduous climb back to the top. "Urgh," said Etharel. "It smells disgusting." Sam nodded. They walked through the caves. The walls were covered in a sticky web. They made their way out and saw a huge spider holding up