A/N : I don't own this world, or the beautiful characters in it. They are the property of the incomparable J.K. Rowling and are not my intellectual property. There is no financial gain made from this nor will any be sought. This is for entertainment purposes only. And maybe some therapeutic purposes. This story strives its best to be canon compliant, except for 2 changes: Snape's obvious survival, and The Epilogue. Let's forget that it ever happened, and pick up somewhere in the middle, shall we? Though I have had it beta'd (without whom this story would still be dead in the water), I always appreciate a keen eye for any mistakes. I apologize for them in advance. The dress was satin. Not what she would have picked, but it made both her mother and Mrs. Weasley happy. Simple, clean and structured with delicate flowers of hand sewn crystals which she planned to charm to sparkle when the lights were dimmed. The few Muggles who would bother to attend the impending nuptials already knew her secret. This was her way to honor to both families. A Muggle wedding gown with touches of wizardry. She stood in front of the mirror, her wand over her shoulder pointed at her back, attempting to self-lace the corset bodice. She stared at herself. A frizzy mass powered by hormones, stress and a heavy English humidity tumbled over her shoulders. Deep pools of honey with an edge of fear stared back at her. This was The Dress. The Only Dress That Mattered. The Last Dress She'd Ever Wear. She would give herself over to Ronald Weasley in this dress. She would become one of the flame-haired clan that had taken her in time and time again. She would be hugged by Mr. and Mrs. Weasley- Arthur and Molly, she corrected herself- not as one of their sons' friends, not as 'that bushy haired possible-girlfriend of Harry Potter', but as her own, soon-to-be Weasley self. The dress made her skin hot, and not for the first time. The anxiety rose quickly and road her slowly, starting in the pit of her stomach. This was The Dress. The Only Dress That Mattered. The Last Dress She'd Ever Wear, and she was drowning. It wasn't just the dress. When Ron has proposed some ten months previous, she accepted with an air of muted joy. Of course she was happy, she told herself as he placed the heirloom ring that had once belonged to Mr - Arthur's - great-grandmother on her finger. Of course she was. She loved him. Right? Yes. Of course she loved him. She had to. Those wild kisses after the war. Those nights spent crying in each other's arms. Nights spent wide-eyed remembering the Horcrux that hung like lead around their necks. That's what love was. Why else would she have put up with ten months of wedding planning with Molly and her Mother. What did she care of table settings, table runners, Save the Dates (both enchanted and not enchanted) and flower arrangements. She clutched at the skirts of the dress, her palms sweaty against the satin. She didn't give a single bloody damn about table runners or settings or dates or flowers. Not a single bloody damn. She breathed, placed her wand back on the side table, and stood as straight backed as she could. It was a pretty gown. Simple and elegant. The only piece of this bloody affair that felt like any semblance of her, and yet it made her choke. She tried to steady herself, letting go of the skirts and tilting her chin upward in the mirror. "Keep Breathing, Granger." She said to the reflection. That's all there was to do. Power through it. Learn to love it. Stiff upper lip and all that. Come, on, Granger. Satin, noun. a smooth, glossy fabric, typically of silk, produced by a weave in which the threads of the warp are caught and looped by the weft only at certain intervals. Just cloth. Woven and cut into a dress. Cut into a dress. Cut. "Cut me out of this thing." She pleaded to the empty room. There wasn't enough oxygen to sustain a fire in the room. It was gone with a woosh and she fell to her knees, hands clawing at the bodice. No. No No I can't do this. No. She pointed a wand and the spell that left her lips was the one to untie her, not to slash the thing into a thousand threads at once. It was going to be painful enough without being able to sell the thing back. "Ronald…" She hadn't meant to use his given name. It was supposed to be reserved for when she was furious with him. It was a weapon, never to be used at moments like this. Nothing would soften this blow. Nothing. For either of them, but she resolved to be as kind as possible. "What have I done now?" He said, exasperation thick in his voice. Not that he had any real reason to be, she noted. He wasn't the one who had spent hours trying to mediate between their mothers about why her great-aunt Beatrice should be closer to the sweetheart's table. "Nothing, Ron...I'm...I'm sorry. We need to talk." In hindsight, the conversation went as well as it could have. He was furious, at first, the tips of his freckled ears redder than his hair. His fists shaking as he swung into the clock on the mantle. She stood back as he smashed the next nearest object, a Muggle photograph of the two of them with Harry and Ginny that Colin Creevy had managed to sneak of the four of them during their 4th year, during one of the few moments Ron wasn't in a complete snit about Harry-The-Chosen-One-Potter and his complete luck at being tossed into the wolf pit. He had watched it fall and crack straight down the middle, dividing her and Harry in one clean go. She watched the anger leak from him and he shook his head, telling her he had a feeling. That surprised her. His emotional range seemed to have grown to at least a cup. He didn't have the words ready, but she knew what they would have been. Disappointed, relieved, hurt, resigned, and maybe even a touch of something more complicated that even she didn't seem to have the word for either. They looked at each other for a long time, after the words were said. Nobody tells you how to leave. There were books on keeping and fixing this thing she had just ended, but nobody ever really told you how to leave. Nobody told you about how to handle shared incomes or who would get the flat and who would tell the parents. Nobody warned you of the anger from everyone else who had no right to say anything but always did. Of course they all said something. Ginny was morose, but understanding. The brothers ranged from furious to mildly relieved. "It would have been bad for both of you, had you gone through with it. It's probably for the best." Bill had said. George had been less-than-kind, but Hermione understood why. He would apologize later. The Weasley parents had taken it down the middle. Mrs Weasley, furious at being denied a wedding, called her an "ill-bred trollip who didn't know a damn thing about anything outside of a leather tome." Mr. Weasley had been more kind, though obviously upset at the emotional distress his son was going through. They would both also apologize, much later. When she found herself seated in the corner of a Muggle bar, a book propped open on a large mason jar, fingers traced ancient runes into the condensation on the side of her expensive-but-who-gives-a-damn three fingers of Scotch, she wasn't too surprised at the utterly hollow feeling. What did surprise her, was the last thing she expected. "What on earth are you doing here, Miss Granger?" That Voice. No, that voice was dead. Obviously there was mugwort in the scotch. Auditory hallucinations were a side effect, especially mixed with alcohol. She looked up slowly. "No." She said simply. "No, you're dead, and I've obviously had far too much to drink." "Stupid girl." The voice sneered. Her eyes took in the thin, solid wall of black standing in front of her table. The familiar darkness that caused her copious amounts of anxiety wasn't made of its infamous worn wool and cut into a frock coat. No, this wall of black was cut into an expensive looking Muggle suit. A matching dress shirt buttoned to the top, monochrome tie with some pattern she couldn't make out in the dim light of the bar. A sheet of raven hair, framing a deathly pale thin face. Eyes of purest pitch, hooded, but not nearly as sickly looking as she remembered. She cocked an eyebrow. "No. You are dead, and I am drunk, because why else would Ex-Professor-Dead-As-A-Doornail-Snape be standing before me in a Muggle suit in a Muggle bar in Muggle London, having the absolute gall to look like he hasn't been to the Ninth Circle of Hell." Those damn black eyes had the nerve to narrow at her. "Don't make me repeat myself." His voice commanded. "Aren't you due to be wed shortly? What on earth are you doing here without your-" He paused, taking time to coat the word with ample distaste "paramour." "How do you even know that? You are a dead man. Why am I even talking to you?" The last a statement as she downed the last of her scotch in an effort to do something, anything other than acknowledge that Snape was alive. He pulled out the wooden chair opposite her, and sat. Long legs stretched under the table, crossed at the ankles. Now she knew she was hallucinating. "One cannot walk into a wizarding establishment and NOT hear about the impending nuptials." The distaste was still there, though fading. "How are you even walking into wizarding establishments? People think you're DEAD." He shrugged. The casual gesture surprised her. "I never said in London." "Well, obviously, the news mustn't have made it to Wizarding China yet. There will be no-" She paused, and tried to coat the word with an appropriate level of mocking distaste. "nuptials." "Such sass, Miss Granger." He cocked an eyebrow in surprise. "Why are you even here?" Her question was soft. "We watched you die." The corners of his lips twitched. The small gesture surprising her even more. "You did. My heart did indeed stop." "Then why-" She was cut off by the waitress coming over with another round of scotch, unbidden. The short glass with a sphere of ice in the middle clinked as it hit the table. "Does it matter?" He asked, head tilted as he watched her pick up the glass and hold it to her lips. "I suppose not, no. You are obviously not dead." She sipped slowly, her lipstick marking the glass. She placed it back on the table and slid it to him, the lipstick turned to her. He nodded in thanks as he picked up the glass. His obscene nose took in the bouquet "Muggle. Macallan?" "And you know your Muggle scotch. How apropos." The dark man shook his head. "Always the know-it-all." It was her turn to shrug. "If I'm going to self-medicate, I'm not going to do it with blended garbage." He barked a short laugh. He lifted the glass to his lips, lipstick away, and took a sip of the scotch. "Twelve year." "Why are you here." It came as a statement, not a question. "Free scotch." He said simply as he slid the glass back to her. "Why are you even here." She said again. Her head was light and her gut warm with alcohol. She shook her head. "You know what? I don't really care. You aren't going to answer my questions because