TwiFic Doctorward Contest Title: Sold My Soul Prompt #: 49 Pairing: Bella, Edward Genre: Romance/Hurt/Comfort Summary: He's a rich doctor and she's a struggling student. What happens when he offers her the pile of papers that will change her life with just one signature? Word count: 6049 Disclaimer: The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. *December 2011* I stand on the deck and look on as everyone dances and parties around me. I still feel odd when Edwards family and friends surround me. I've been here twelve months now and my life has changed in a big way. All the changes happened after I put my mark on a contract stating that Dr. Edward Cullen basically owned my body and life for the next three years. Now, I don't expect anyone to take it nicely unless they understand what put me in this situation and my history. I grew up in a small town in Washington called Forks until my father died just after my fifteenth birthday. I have no idea who my mom is. She left when I was too young to remember. Charlie Swan died from cancer, so by the time he passed on all I had where my personal effects and a few thousand dollars. My friend Alice's parents took me in and I got a weekend job. I paid Alice's mom, Mary, a hundred dollars a week for room and board. My meagre inheritance was put into a savings account. By the time I graduated high school, I'd had enough of being looked down at and of my father's memories being used against me. "Bella, you can do better than that. What would your father think about this?" A teacher had told me. Charlie had been dead a month and of course my grades dropped a grade. For Christ's sake, I was a fifteen year old that had lost the last member of her family and the only grown-up she had to look up to. That was only one of the many incidents over the years. The Brandons where the only good thing that came out of Forks after my father's death. *12 months earlier* "Bella, don't forget to call when you arrive and we will see you next Sunday," Mary cries as she hugs me on the doorstep as I get ready to leave. I'm moving into my own apartment near Seattle today. "I won't, Mary. I promise," I whisper back before hugging Cynthia and Alice. "Bella, I want you to take this with you." Mary hands me an envelope full of cash. "It's all the money you paid in rent over the last two years and half your child support for the last three years." "Mary, I gave you this to pay for my living expenses." "Yes, and you didn't cost that much more. We only ever used half your child support. We saved the rest for summer camps and..." She shifts slightly. "And what, Mary?" I ask cautiously. She took in a deep breath. "And your furniture." "Excuse me?" I say, stunned. "All the furniture in your room will be coming up with us next week for your flat," Sebastian says from the hallway. "And I won't hear any arguing, Bella. We didn't need the money and we knew you would when you left. If you ever wanted anything, you would buy it with your wages after you had saved enough. We didn't need the money, so we saved it and it's yours." True to their word, seven days later, they are at my flat for Sunday dinner and they have brought all my bedroom furniture with them — plus some other extras I didn't expect. Three months later I am at a college seminar where Dr. Edward Cullen is a guest speaker. He stands up and introduces himself. He is thirty four years old and head of Masen and Cullen Hospital, and he is doing a guest talk about local volunteering opportunities at the hospital. I don't know what possesses me, but I feel this pull to go and talk to him after the seminar. He compels me to give up some time to volunteer and sells me on the benefits of volunteering during the school holiday. I am also secretly hoping it will let me see more of the captivating Dr. Edward Cullen. After taking a deep breath, I walk forward and introduce myself. It only takes a few minutes before we start talking about opportunities. We end up going out for coffee and before I know it, we are in my apartment, kissing and running our hands over each other's body in exploration over our clothes. "Stop," I whisper as he starts to push my pants down. He raises an eyebrow in question. "I'm a virgin." He groans as he throws his head into my neck. "Oh God." He takes in a deep breath and slowly lets it out — it's as if he is trying to clear his mind — then pulls my face forward. "I am not taking your virginity like this," he pants as he nuzzles my neck. "You need to be wined and dined first. You need to be pampered and treated like a lady" He pushes away slightly and kisses me one last time. "When can I see you again?" "Why would you want to see me again?" I ask, curious of why he would want to come back after I had just rejected him. "Because I am attracted to you and life is way too short to have regrets." "I don't know. I have to study and work." "It's Friday." "And when I'm not at school, I'm at work." I hate it, but my student loans barely cover rent, let alone living expenses. I look into his eyes and see lust and passion. I see the same emotions I have for him. "Please, Bella, let me take you out." And with those few pleading words, my resolve caves in. "Fine, but it'll have to be when I'm free." "Tomorrow?" he asks excitedly as he kisses me again before placing a hand on my breast and squeezing it gently. "I have to work," I pant when he breaks the kiss. "What time do you finish?" "Midnight" "When do you start?" "Nine in the morning." "Bella, you have to be kidding me," he says, shocked as I shake my head. "Look around you, Edward." I watch as he looks around my apartment, at my measly belongings and treasures. "Bella?" he sounds confused. "My student loans don't cover my living expenses. I have to work over forty-eight hours a week just to put food on my table. I study nine-to-five, Monday to Thursday then go and wait on tables from six 'til midnight. Friday I study from nine-to-three, then I go to study club before working in a club from six thirty 'til one thirty am. Saturday through Sunday I clean rooms at the local hotel from one till six, then its bar work from half six till midnight," I say numbly and he presses a thumb to my cheek. "Don't your parents help?" "My dad died three years ago from cancer; I don't know much about my mom." I cry for the first time in years. For some reason, I just can't bottle up my emotions with him. Edward picks me up and carries me to my sofa. He sits down with me in his lap and holds me tightly while I cry into his neck. An hour later I have fallen asleep in his arms, and for the first time in months, I get some decent sleep. I wake up the next morning in my bed, still in my clothes. I shuffle into the front room to grab what I can scrounge out of my cupboards. As I go into the front room, I scream when I see a pair of feet hanging off my two-seater sofa. Edward jumps up in alarm and then looks at me. "Hi," he says with a shy smile. "What you doing here?" "You tired yourself out and fell asleep in my arms. I worked out which room was your bedroom and put you in your bed. As I was pinning my number to your door, you started screaming in your sleep." He looks down at his feet. "I couldn't leave you like that Bella." He looks into my eyes. "I'm sorry if I overstepped the line here but. . ." I don't let him finish as I jumped into his arms kissing him. "Thank you," I whisper. "No one has ever cared for me like that." I start kissing down his jaw. "Bella, please stop," he moans. "Why?" I ask a little hurt. "Because if you carry on I'm going to embarrass myself," he moans as he pushes my hips down a little and grinds his hard cock against my core. "Oh," I whisper and blush, embarrassed that I didn't realise before letting go as he helps me to my feet. I feel his fingers under my chin, lifting my head up. "Hey, there's nothing to be embarrassed about." He kisses me deeply before whispering against my lips, "You should take it as a compliment. You're sexy and beautiful, and if it wasn't for last night and the fact I'm fighting not to do something to you because you deserve a gentleman, I'd be pinning you to the wall and fucking you slowly till you scream my name." Deciding to take the plunge and do something spontaneous, I drop to my knees and start to undo his pants. "Bella?" he questions. I look into his eyes as I fumble to pull his cock out. "I've never done something like this before. I may do this wrong," I whisper before looking at his cock. I freeze and gulp when I see it. He is so large I don't know if it will fit in me. "Bella, you don't have to," he whispers gently before moving his hand towards his cock. Taking a deep breath, I bat his hand away and start sucking the tip of his cock. "Gahhhh," he moans and I watch as his hands tighten into fists by his sides. I stop sucking, fearing that I have done it wrong and hurt him. I pushed myself away from him and start to think about running and hiding in my room. I want to cry in embarrassment "I'm sorry," I whisper as I stand up and shuffle on my feet. "What are you sorry for?" he pants as he looks into my eyes. "I didn't mean to hurt you," I say chewing my bottom lip. "Bella, that was… That was fantastic. I loved it," he whispers against me while looking deep into my soul. "It didn't last very long, and god, imagining the feel of your teeth scraping my cock is so hot." Deciding to have some fun with him, I try again. I sink to my knees then look up at him as I place him in my mouth again. I do as he suggests and scrape my teeth over the head of his cock "Shit, Bella… Oh god, take all of me in your mouth… Please, baby… Please, scrape those teeth down my cocccccckkkkk." He moans as I do it and I smile around his cock. I was feeling proud as a peacock showing off his plumage. I watch as he throws his head back and opens his mouth, panting and moaning — the look on his face spurs me on and I hollow out my cheeks. Before I know it, he's screaming, "Fuck!" and coming down my throat before he falls to his knees. "Shit, that was amazing, baby," he says before he kisses me. . . . . . It takes another week before both our schedules eases up enough that Edward can take me out for a meal. During the week we speak and email each