TwiFic Doctorward Contest Title: As Long As You Want Me Prompt #: 38, 21 Rating: M Pairing: Edward and Bella Genre: Romance, Drama Summary: He's handsome, he's charming, he's compassionate and he seems very interested. But Bella, a jaded social worker who's recently moved back to her hometown with her son, can't bring herself to trust that surgeon Edward Cullen sees her as anything other than a challenge to be conquered. Word count: 12,518 Disclaimer: The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. AN: Newcastle upon Tyne: An industrial city and metropolitan district in North-East England, a port on the River Tyne, part of a larger conurbation called Tyneside. Residents are often called Geordies and speak with a distinctive accent/dialect. Newcastle boasts a Premier League football (soccer) team, Newcastle United, whose devout fans are often known as The Toon Army. Famous Geordies include the actor Charlie Hunnam (Sons of Anarchy) and the singer Cheryl Cole. Despite intently studying the map of Freeman Hospital, I could not, for the life of me, figure out how to get to my new office. It was late March and bitter cold; the stinging wind whipping my face was typical for Newcastle upon Tyne, and yet, I didn't mind it at all. "Excuse me?" I looked up at the sound of a deep, smooth male voice, tinged with a warm, local accent. It's good to be home. A gorgeous, chestnut-haired guy, maybe thirty-five, with a perfectly square jaw and twinkling grass-green eyes stood in front of me, wearing a friendly smile. He was dressed in light blue scrubs with a navy t-shirt underneath. He smelled delicious, of honey, coffee, pencils ... And if I wasn't already smitten enough, the sight of a light tuft of reddish-brown chest hair peeking out of the V-neck of his scrub top made my insides flutter. "Y-yes?" "Are you lost, pet? Can I help?" "Aye, thank you. I'm trying to find the Social Care department, but I canny make head nor tail of this map." He took a look, and then turned the map over. "Wrong map," he murmured, grinning. "You were looking at the map for the research buildings." I felt my cheeks burn at my obvious idiocy. "Oh." He laughed aloud, which showed the adorable dimples in his cheeks. "Don't worry, pet. I've done many things in my time more daft than that," he said, walking me into the lobby. "Now, Social Care ... all you have to do is to take those lifts to the fourth floor, turn left, and follow the signs." "Thanks." "No problem. Mind how you go, now." "Aye, will do." I started walking towards the lifts, but couldn't resist one last glance back at him. He winked at me before shoving his hands in his back pockets and walking in the opposite direction. He was hot, but generally, I didn't date, especially guys like that who could get anyone they wanted. It was like asking to be hurt. Department of Social Care Freeman Hospital Visitors please sign in This was it. New job, new start. I had returned to my hometown after nearly ten years away in London. My dad, Charlie, knew I was unhappy there, so when he spotted an advert in the local paper for a social worker at Freeman, he all but begged me to apply. I walked in and knocked on the office of my new boss, Angela Weber. "Come in!" I opened the door to a cramped office, where she was typing furiously at an ancient computer. Like me, she was a brunette, but unlike me, she was tall and thin, not short and curvy, and she most likely was a few years older, perhaps, in her mid-thirties. "Isabella, good to see you again," Angela stood up and sent a pile of papers flying. "Shite. Sorry, there's no space in here." "So I can see. Call me Bella, by the way." I took a step forward and helped her tidy up. "Well, Bella, we're delighted to finally have you here. I won't lie to you; you're going to be starting with a full caseload, like. Did Austin email you with a handover?" "Yes, I'm up to speed." "Good. Now, let's go grab a coffee, and I'll give you a rundown of the wards you'll be covering. Then I'll show you round, and get you your ID badge and access cards." Over cappuccinos, I decided Angela was a top girl. She was enthusiastic and sweet, and determined to do right by all our clients. I had a feeling we were going to be great friends in time. We headed back to the office and the rest of the day progressed smoothly, meeting some of my new clients and getting used to the paperwork. I left work just after five o'clock, and hopped onto a Metro train. A short, fifteen-minute commute later, I was just one hundred yards from home, and ready to collect my son from his new childminder on the way back. "Hi Gianna," I greeted the childminder. She had Seth the entire day, as it was the school Easter holiday. "How's my ..." I stopped talking mid-sentence because I could hear Seth wailing from inside the house. "What the hell?" I pushed past her and rushed into the living room. Seth was rolling on the floor, his knees up to his chest, sobbing. Normally my seven-year-old was pure sunshine. "Mammy, it hurts! My tummy hurts!" "Gianna, how long has he been like this?" I demanded, getting down onto the floor and cradling his head on my lap. "He has a fever!" His cheeks were bright red, and his dark brown curls were matted against his damp forehead. "He was complaining of a sore tummy all morning," she retorted indignantly. "The rolling started an hour ago. It's nothing. He's just acting out because it's his first day in a new place." "Seth's never acted out in his life," I told her through gritted teeth. I slid my hand onto Seth's tummy and barely pressed it when he screamed out in pain. Hardly able to bear the sight of my son in such discomfort, I phoned 999 for an ambulance immediately. Then I fired Gianna. The doctor in Paediatric Emergency, Dr Lewis, told me he suspected appendicitis, and that he would need to call the surgical team. About half an hour later, a petite blonde wearing a full face of make-up, a tight, black dress and a scowl, turned up. "I'm Dr Mallory, the surgical doctor on-call," she began in a slightly bored tone. "What's been happening?" I went through the story again, and she looked at Seth's chart before prodding his tummy. Seth tolerated it, but was in agony, and after a minute or so, begged her to stop. "Well, it's most likely cramps. We'll give him a prescription for some ibuprofen, and he should be fine. You can see your GP in the morning ..." "What, no. Less than an hour ago, he was rolling around in pain, crying his eyes out." "Well, Miss Swan, that's my professional opinion. Look, you can bring him back if he doesn't get better." "No. I want a second opinion. That other doctor said it could be appendicitis." " I'm the surgical opinion, and I disagree." "Well, I know my son, and I'm telling you that something is seriously wrong!" My shouting drew the attention of Dr Lewis, who came back in. I explained my concerns, and he asked Dr Mallory to step outside. Naturally, I tried to eavesdrop, but with all the noise from the other cubicles, I could only catch some of the conversation. "... It's a classic history ..." "He's only mildly pyrexial ..." "... If he perfs at home, it'll be your licence on the line ... call the registrar ..." "I don't think ..." "Call him, Lauren. Don't make me go over your head ..." "Mam," Seth called weakly. "It's okay, baby, I'm here." I dropped a kiss on his clammy forehead. "When will it go away?" "Hopefully soon, Seth." "I don't like that lady. She's mean." "I know." Dr Mallory walked back in at that moment, looking as if she'd swallowed a lemon. "I'm going to call my colleague to review Seth, and then we'll see about home," she announced curtly. "Your senior colleague," I insisted. She nodded and backed out of the cubicle. Ten minutes later, she returned with a tall, and rather familiar, chestnut-haired man in light blue scrubs. Him again. "You," he said, grinning at me with that gorgeous, crooked smile. "Get there okay?" "No problem. Your directions were stellar." "I aim to please. I'm Edward Cullen, by the way, the senior surgical registrar on call." He looked over at Seth and smiled softly. "And this must be Seth." He walked past me to Seth's right side and crouched down by the bed. "All right, lad. My name's Edward. Before we begin, I have a very important question to ask you ... Toon Army?" "Til I die," Seth replied, smiling back a little. Mr Hottie Surgeon pulled out a black and white striped watch from the pocket of his scrubs, a bigger version of the one Seth had worn every day since he was four. Thanks to his Grandpa Charlie, Seth had been obsessed with Newcastle United Football Club since he was a toddler. "Me too." They high-fived and he then took Seth's little hand and pressed his fingers to his wrist. "So, your tummy's been hurting, has it?" "Aye, it's well bad, and I felt sick too. It hurts, right here." Seth ghosted over a spot on the right side of his tummy. "Can I feel it? I'll stop if it's bad again." "Um, okay." He began pressing gently, while softly murmuring encouragement as he went. Then, he placed his hand where Seth had indicated and then tapped his finger with the middle finger of his other hand, looking at Seth's face the whole time. Seth flinched and lifted his knees. "Sorry, man. I just had to check." He gave me an apologetic smile before looking over me to Dr Mallory. "Lauren, what was Seth's heart rate on admission?" She picked up a chart. "One hundred." "Feel his heart rate now." She stood next to Edward and brushed his side as she held my son's wrist. "About one hundred and twenty," she answered after a few seconds, suddenly looking pale. "What's going on here, Dr Mallory?" he asked her, no longer smiling. "Nausea, pyrexia, migrating tenderness, percussion tenderness, and now a rising heart rate." "Perforation of the appendix," she murmured. "That's right." He turned to me. "Mrs Swan ..." "Miss Swan," I corrected. "Bella." "Sorry," he replied, glancing at my hands momentarily before looking at me gravely. "Seth has appendicitis, but I think that the appendix has become so infected and swollen that it's about to burst. It may have already done so. We'd like to get Seth into the operating theatre quickly, to prevent the infection from spreading." "I'm really sick?" Seth's bottom lip wobbled. "Aye, lad, I'm sorry. But we have to get your tummy right. You're going to have to be really brave for a while." "What are you going to do?" "First, we need to take some blood and give you a drip fullof medicine, and then we need to put you to sleep so we can cut out your evil appendix, here." He pointed to the painful spot on Seth's tummy. "But we'll get you right as rain, and soon you'll be playing footie better than Newcastle themselves." Within two hours, I was watching the anaesthetist put Seth to sleep as I held my boy's hand. After they had wheeled him in, they let me wait in a parents' room on the ward. I tried to stay awake, but I dozed off, and found myself being gently shaken a while later. "Miss Swan ... Bella ..." I opened my