TwiFic Doctorward Contest Title: The Fallout Plan Prompt #: 3 Pairing: Bella/Edward Genre: Humor/Drama Rating: M Summary: Bella Swan's my best friend, and she's always been a go-getter, so it shouldn't surprise me when she tells me of her plan to be a single mom, yet it does. I go along with it despite knowing she's not ready to have a baby. And everything is perfect until Edward Cullen—a hot doctor with a panty-melting smile—walks into her life. And me? Well, I'm Jacob Black, and this is her story. Word count: 11, 818 Disclaimer: The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. Friday nights at Bella's place are for unwinding. Heck, sometimes hanging out for beer and pizza is simply a breather before we submerge ourselves into client files for whatever trial we might be preparing for. So, it's for this reason that I'm astonished Bella would pick this night to tell me about her plans. "You're kidding, right?" I asked her before tipping back my beer for a quick sip. Bella shook her head as she finished eating a bite of pizza. "I'm totally serious, Jakey." Ugh. Again, with that nickname … She only uses it when she wants something. Exhaling, I turned to face her. "Okay, give me at least three reasons why having a baby is something that you need to do right now." "I don't need to give you any reasons why I want to do it, Jacob," Bella scoffed, rolling her eyes. I pointed to her and chuckled mirthlessly. "And that's why you shouldn't do it— immature brat ." "I am not immature," she cried like the twelve-year-old girl she was embodying. I put my beer down and gave her a disapproving look. "Bella, you're a step away from saying: 'Because I want to,' so don't give me that shit." "Fine," she scoffed again. "I want to have this baby because my fertility clock is ticking, and I might not be able to do it later." "Bells, you're thirty-years-old; your fertility clock is nowhere near ticking. You have, like, at least five years until you have to worry about that." Bella slumped her shoulders. "I know that, but still; it's something that I feel I need , you know? Besides, I know I'm a responsible adult. I'm a business attorney, for crying out loud." "That's my point exactly, Bella. You're also a Junior Partner , so when are you going to have time to spend it with a baby when you'll be busy with your heavy work load?" "I'll talk to my dad," she said, waving her hand dismissively. "I'm sure I can convince him to cut me back some hours." Oh, she pulled the "Daddy" card. Of course, it's only logical since she's the daughter of one of the owners of the firm where we work at. I could do the same, though, since my father is the other Senior Equity Partner of Swan & Black. So, yeah, technically, she's financially capable of raising a child since money has never been a problem for either of us, but what I worry about is this possible-baby's stability. As her best friend, I should worry about these things, right? Sighing for what feels like the millionth time, I asked, "And how about if you have to go to trial? You know we have to pull all-nighters sometimes." "That's the part where you come in," she informed me. I raised my hands, telling her, "Oh, I am so not babysitting for you." "It's not considered babysitting if you're the baby's father," Bella said casually before taking another bite of her pizza. And that's how Bella dropped the bomb on me. She wanted me to be the father of her baby… I think. "Did you actually just ask me to be the father of your child, Bells?" I said in a high-pitched voice. Bella simply nodded, chewing her pizza slowly. "You do know that I'm gay, right? I mean, I've only been out of the closet for, oh, the past twelve years !" She swallowed her pizza down and took a drink of her Corona. "Yeah, I know." "So, how …" I began, because I know how, I just… "I don't understand." Bella turned, looking directly into my eyes before grabbing my hand and holding it between hers. "I know that what I'm asking is crazy, but I've been thinking about it a lot, and I've decided that if I'm going to do this ' single mother ' thing, it should be with you. I love you, and I know that despite your sexual orientation, you'll be a good father. So, please, say yes." I gaze down, feeling a bit emotional, because despite Bella's nonchalance about the whole issue, I know she has truly thought this through, and while I'm honored that she's even considered me for this, something just doesn't feel right. Grasping one of her hands a bit tighter, I shook my head. "Tell me why you're really doing this, Bella." She sighed, shrugging her shoulders once. "I'm so tired of being lonely, Jake, and Alice is already on her way to having her third child , and I haven't even—" I cut her off, shaking my head. "This is not a competition with your sister, Bella. And I know that what Jasper did to you hurts, but you shouldn't let that guide your decision—not when it concerns something like this." God, I hate the fact that what that asshole did to her five years ago still haunts her. I wish that I could do something to help her forget, but it's impossible. He's part of Bella's family now since he married her sister, which makes it even worse because they're always together at family functions. Yeah, that was some fucked-up shit when it happened—probably worse than some daytime, soap-opera drama. It all happened the summer after Alice moved in with Bella and her dad Charlie. Renee—Bella and Alice's mother—left Charlie when Bella was just seven-years-old, and she was pregnant with Alice. Nobody knew about the latter, so when Alice unexpectedly showed up at Charlie's house one Christmas morning, telling them about how she'd run away from Renee's home because her mother was an alcoholic, Charlie had no other option than to take her in. No one ever doubted if Alice was Charlie's daughter since she's his spitting image, but I still didn't trust her, and rightfully so, seeing as she seduced Jasper despite knowing that he was engaged to Bella. I know that she's not the only one to blame, but Alice is a conniving bitch, and she pulled Jasper's strings every which way she wanted. The most painful thing was that she did it only to spite Bella when it wasn't even her fault that Charlie was never in Alice's life. So, now, I realize that she's come to this decision because she doesn't want to risk getting hurt again. While I was aware that she hasn't been in a fully committed relationship, I expected her to eventually reach that point in her life where she'd be willing to at least try. As if reading my mind, Bella said, "I don't think I'll ever be ready to expose myself to being hurt again, Jake. I know it's been years since it happened, but the pain hasn't lessened, and to be wounded like that again? I don't think I could handle it." Although I could sympathize with her reasoning, I would have liked for her to give love another chance, but I also knew that there was no deterring her now. She'd made up her mind, and once she does that, it's almost impossible to convince her of doing otherwise. Plus, if she was going to do this with someone, I'd much rather it were with me than with some random sperm donor. I really didn't have much option, to be honest. Removing my hand from between hers, I rubbed the back of my neck with it. "Okay, so suppose we did this," I told her. "How would it work?" She frowned. "What do you mean?" "Well, I'm pretty sure that you've simply considered that I'd help you conceive the baby, but if I do agree, I want you to know that I want to be involved as much as possible. I'm not just going to give you my sperm and not care what happens afterward." "Oh," Bella said, surprised. "I really hadn't considered that." "I figured," I sighed, "but these are things that we should discuss." Bella nodded. "Alright, so how would we handle living arrangements?" "Considering that we live across the hall from each other, I'll probably be here as often as I already am, and when I'm not, you can just give me a call if you need me over." "I thought you were thinking about moving in with me," Bella admitted, chuckling. " No! " I cried. "This isn't The Object of My Affection where the pregnant, single chick and the gay best friend lived together. Besides, she fell in love with him because they lived together, so double-no." Smirking, Bella playfully punched my arm. "Yeah, I'm not that desperate! Besides, who says that it couldn't be you that fell in love with me, huh?" I snickered. "I do! I mean, how would we work out as a couple if you can never clean your house?" " Shut up, Mr. OCD! " she taunted. "I clean my house as much as I can." "Sure, sure," I said, grinning briefly before sobering a bit. "In all seriousness, though, I really do think we need to discuss this further—to take many things into consideration before we jump in and do this." "Okay," Bella agreed. "So, are you saying you'll do it?" I nodded. "Yeah, but we're going to set up a prenatal agreement and have Jessica notarize it at the office. I want to make sure all my bases are covered in case that I get married in the future." "God, I love it when you go all 'lawyer' on me, Jake. It's so hot," Bella teased, fanning herself as she laughed. I couldn't help laughing as well, enjoying the usual banter between us. In a way, I knew that she was making light of the situation, but why should we make it graver? We both knew that we'd do everything possible to make sure things worked out in the future. That's what being best friends ensured. ===O=== A whole month passed after our conversation before we were finally receiving our medical test results from Bella's OB/GYN. And let me tell you, this Rosalie McCarty chick was something fierce. Besides having the looks and poise of someone that could rock the runway, she exuded confidence and authority, yet gave you a heartwarming vibe, which made you feel at ease. Dr. McCarty seemed to be in her early thirties and was one of the best reproductive endocrinologists in Seattle according to Jessica—Bella's secretary/legal assistant/confidant. I believed this fact to be true given that Jessica is very efficient, and if Bella gave her the task to find a good specialist, she would do everything in her power to do so. Dr. McCarty smiled over to Bella, and began speaking, bringing me out of my reverie. "Well, according to your test results, both of you are healthy and in perfect conditions to conceive a child, so let's talk about our options, shall we?" Dr. McCarty looked over at me, clasping her hands together. "Miss Swan has told me that you're both interested in artificial insemination, is that correct?" I nodded. "It is." "And is there a specific reason why you want to go that route and not the traditional one?" I'm allergic to vaginas! I sarcastically thought while trying to keep a straight face as I replied. "As you probably already know from my sexual history, "I said pointedly, "I have only been with men because I'm gay." Dr.