Twific Doctorward Contest Title: More Than Skin Deep Prompt #: 5 and 34 Pairing : Edward and Bella Genre: Romance Summary: Pediatric Oncologist Edward Cullen became a doctor after his baby sister was diagnosed with Leukemia at the age of 5. One day he meets Isabella Swan, who is the director of the charity house his parents founded after his sister's illness. She's everything beautiful in a world too often tragic, and for Edward, she's his other half. Word count: 4970 Rating: M Disclaimer: The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. My alarm woke me up from a deep sleep. I was on the early shift this week and had just come off working nights two days ago. It always took me a few days to acclimate to the change. Sitting up and throwing my legs off the side of the bed, I glanced at the insane hour on my clock. Four in the morning. Many times, I questioned my decision to become a doctor but when I remembered the reason I had chosen this profession, it always gave me the push I needed to keep going. I'm Dr. Edward Cullen, a Pediatric Oncologist at Seattle Children's Hospital. I'm thirty years old and single. My parents, Carlisle and Esme live a few blocks away from me. My father is the CEO of Cullen Industries, which makes and distributes software used by NASA and other government agencies. My mother is the Personnel Director there. I have an older brother, Emmett, who plays professional golf on the PGA tour. He's married to Rosalie, who is a former Miss Washington State. Then there is my little sister, Alice. She's the reason I became a doctor specializing in children's cancer. When she was five years old, my mother took her for a routine exam. After that exam, they were sent directly to Children's Hospital because of anemia and the fact that Alice's pancreas and liver were enlarged. Later that day, we were all told that Alice had leukemia. I was twelve years old at the time and the fear of losing my baby sister was almost crippling. Over the next two and a half years, I watched Alice go through chemotherapy, steroid treatments, multiple surgeries, and many hospital stays. Through it all, she kept her smile and her sassy attitude. When her hair fell out from the chemo, she simply asked my mother to buy her some fashionable head scarves. Today, Alice is twenty-three years old, and has been cancer free for several years. She just recently graduated from The International Fashion Academy in Paris and is in the process of opening her own business, Alice Cullen Designs, here in Seattle. Her fiancé, Jasper, is an attorney here as well. My parents wanted to do something to give back to the hospital that saved Alice's life. We had been a very fortunate family in that both my parents were trust fund babies. Neither of them had touched any of the money they inherited because the family business had been so successful and good to us. A couple years ago, they opened up Cullen House. It was located adjacent to Seattle Children's Hospital and was large enough to house several families at once. Cullen House gave the families of children being treated at the hospital a place to stay so they could remain close at all times. My parents started out funding the venture totally on their own. Once we all got established in our careers, Emmett and myself and now Alice also contributed to the funding. Several local businesses joined in and today Cullen House was thriving. Today, before my shift started, I was going over to meet the new director my parents had hired last week. Her name was Isabella Swan and she would be the onsite manager/director. Cullen Industries had become really busy lately and my mother was needed there most days. Having Ms. Swan at Cullen House would take a lot of stress from my mother. After taking a shower, I dressed in my scrubs. I chuckled when I saw myself in the mirror. I was known for my crazy, kid-friendly scrubs. Alice designed all of them with the children in mind. When she was a patient, she loved seeing the doctors and nurses in bright colors or funny looking scrubs. She said it made her feel a little better in a place where happiness was sometimes hard to come by. Today, my scrubs were black with bright yellow and white ducklings all over them. I paired my bright yellow Chucks with them. I hoped my kiddos would get a kick out of my outfit. Grabbing a banana off the bar, I headed out to my car to make the trek to Cullen House. When I pulled up, I was momentarily stunned by a beautiful brunette getting out of a dark blue Mini Cooper. Her mahogany hair was tied loosely away from her face in a ponytail while a few wisps framed her delicate face. I parked and shut off my black Volvo SUV, all the while not being able to take my eyes off this woman. Just as I stepped out she noticed me and walked over to greet me. "Hello. I'm going to assume you are Dr. Edward Cullen. Nice ducks." She smiled at me and I swear I saw God. "Ahhh, yes. I am. And thanks….you know, for the ducks. I mean the compliment." What the hell is wrong with me? She laughed and reached out to touch me on the arm. Like the idiot I apparently was, I just stared at her hand. Touching me . Dammit Edward, snap out of it! Finally gathering my wits, I tried again. "Yes, I'm Edward, are you Isabella?" "Bella please. Call me Bella. It's so nice to meet you Edward. Wanna come on in? We can sit and chat for a bit in my office. I happen to have some amazing coffee in there, if you'd like?" "That sounds heavenly actually. Thank you, Bella." I gestured for her to walk in front of me. The view was gorgeous. She was gorgeous, but in a very simple way. She didn't have on a stitch of makeup but she didn't need it. She had natural beauty. Watching Bella walk away did things to my body that were hard to hide, especially in scrubs. I'm a man, I couldn't help my reaction to her. There was just something about her, I didn't know what it was yet, but I wanted to find out. We made it to her office and she handed me a cup of steaming coffee. When I tasted it, the very unmanly moan that escaped my throat was embarrassing. "Mmmm Bella, please excuse my ungentlemanly manners, but this is perhaps the best cup of coffee I have ever had. I think I shall come here daily for my first cup. What say you?" I winked just for effect. The blush that spread across her cheeks was my reward. "Well, I'm here every morning at the same time, so it's a date." Oh Sweetheart, you shouldn't have said that. "Ms. Swan, you may never get rid of me now." Before she could answer, there was a timid knock on her door. She walked over to open it and there stood a small child, probably no older than four or five, wearing Elmo pajamas. Bella knelt down in the doorway as I turned in my seat to watch. "Josie, what are you doing up so early sweet girl?" She reached out and picked up the little munchkin. "Sowwy Ms. Bella. I hads a bad dream. Mama and Daddy are still sleepin'. Can I peese stay here wit you?" "Of course Sweetie. Let's go sit here behind my desk. I want you to meet Dr. Cullen." "Is he your boyfrin, Ms Bella?" Bella's eyes widened as I'm sure mine did as well. "No sweetheart, Dr. Cullen works at the hospital where Missy is being taken care of. In fact, he may even be her doctor." She looked up at me with what looked like unshed tears in her eyes. "Hello, Josie. How are you, Beautiful?" I reached out my hand to her as she took it and squeezed. "Dr. Cuwwen, are you taking care of my thither? Her has cancer." I wasn't sure what to say since I had several patients and wasn't sure who her sister was. As if Bella could read my confused expression, she enlightened me. "Her sister, Missy, well Melissa Newton, is seven months old and has Neuroblastoma" I wasn't directly treating Melissa Newton, but had been consulted on her case a couple times. My colleague, Dr. Marcus Volturi was in charge of her case. "Ah, no Josie, I'm not Missy's doctor, but my very good friend, Dr. Volturi is. He will take very good care of your baby sister. I promise." She held out her arms to me, so I took her from Bella. As if she was meant to be in my arms, little Josie snuggled against my chest and within a few moments was completely asleep. "She's been so worried about Missy. Her parents, Mike and Jessica, spend most days at the hospital so I offered to keep Josie here with me. I've grown very attached to her." I wanted to take Bella into my arms and hold her. She was so beautiful to me and seeing her interact with the beautiful little girl asleep in my arms showed me how deep her beauty went. Bella Swan was beautiful right down to her soul. She had given these parents peace of mind so they could concentrate on their sick baby by offering to take care of their older child and do her job at the same time. Sooner than I liked, it was time for me to start my shift. I gently laid the sleeping beauty in my arms on the couch in Bella's office and covered her with the blanket there. Turning to Bella, I wasn't sure what to say. I wanted to see her again. "Well, welcome to Cullen House. It seems like you are very well loved already Bella." "Thank you, Edward. I love all of these families as if they were my own. I've been fortunate in my life to have not been personally affected by cancer so far. I can't imagine how I would handle it." "Oh, I think you would do just fine though I don't wish that on anyone. Bella look, I know we've only just met, but I see you. I see how much you care about these families. I could see it in your eyes when you were talking to Josie. You obviously love what you do and are magnificent at it. This isn't a happy place all the time, yet I just know that you make it that way for everyone you come in contact with. Even when you want to cry, you smile. For them." I couldn't help myself when I reached out and stroked her cheek. She sighed and leaned into my touch. When she opened her eyes, they were filled with tears. I threw caution to the wind and surrounded her with my arms. When her arms wound around my neck and she laid her head on my chest, the sob that escaped her was heart wrenching. I held Bella for the next several minutes while she cried. She needed this; that much was for certain. I was glad to be able to be here for her. Once her sobs subsided she looked up at me for a long minute. Our faces were only inches apart. I pulled her tightly against my chest and leaned down to capture her lips. She met me half way as our lips gently brushed against each other. Just as I was about to deepen the kiss, my pager vibrated against our stomachs, making Bella giggle. "Shit, that's me. I