TwiFic Doctorward Contest Title: Saving the Doctors Cullen Prompt #: 38 and 15 Pairing: Edward and Bella, Emmett and Rose Genre: Romance/Drama Summary: After losing their sister, Edward and Emmett become doctors in the hopes of saving others from her fate. Love comes along when they least expect it, saving them from a lifetime of solitude. Word Count: 10,750 Disclaimer: The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. "Call me Coach, not Dr. Cullen. Dude - you, your parents, treatment- are a team and I'm the coach. Our goal is to beat the cancer and make sure it doesn't come back. Do you have any questions for me?" Little dude starts grabbing his blanket tighter in his fist, while biting his lip. "Ummm, I keep hearing my mom say I have ALL but you said cancer. I don't understand." "Good question. This is really confusing at first, I know." I put my hand on his shoulder and try to explain without scaring the kid any more than he already is." You have a type of cancer called Acute Lymphoblastic Leukemia, or ALL for short. It's my job to worry about that though, I want you to relax and practice up on your Xbox skills. All right?" He nods in understanding. "We'll have to take some blood today so I can plan out our next plays, okay, Dude?" "Okay." He wrings the blanket harder, looking scared as shit. "Can you please call me Seth?" "Of course, Seth. Now I'm going to look over your information and send the nurses in to get the Xbox going." I smile and head for my office. I stop at the nurses' station, and send them in to set him up and order the blood draws I need. I try not to call patients by their names, it gives me some distance. I know their names, it's not like I forget them, but I can't let them see me scared or too attached. These kids need to see me as fearless, bigger than their cancer. They need to not worry and trust me. I open Seth's records and start getting an idea of where we are. I think they caught it early enough that he has a good chance of beating it Nurse Jessica runs into my office out of breath. "Coach, we have a problem. The new patient is trying to kick the phlebotomist and won't stop screaming." I stand up from my desk grinning like a fool. "No shit! Good to know the kid has some fight left in him, he's going to need it." Jessica looks at me like I've sprouted horns. This of course makes me laugh, which isn't helping. "Well, not for the staff, but for treatment. Good to see he isn't giving up." I hear him as soon as I step into the hall. "Get away from me you blood sucking vampire! I want my doctor, right now! Stop touching me!" I get in the room as fast as I can. "Whoa! Everybody calm down. What's going on, Seth?" "This lady was really mean. It hurt a lot, and she just keeps poking me." Wide eyed and pissed off, he's pointing to the spots where she tried to draw blood. I can see she obviously missed the vein and moved the needle around in his arm trying to find it. What a hack. "I asked her to stop but she just went for the other arm. Now she wants to jam that thing in my wrist. I want my mom and I want outta here." He stops fighting and starts crying. I hate seeing kids cry more than anything. It reminds me of Alice and makes my heart ache. I rub the spot on my chest where her name is inked and sigh. I have to get my head back in the game. "Your mom had to go to work, Seth. She'll be here after dinner and she's staying overnight. I already made the arrangements. This lady won't touch you again. I promise." The woman turns to me. She reminds me of that pain-in-the-ass tattletale we all knew as a kid. "Doctor, your patient simply wouldn't stop moving. I had to restrain him and he kicked me! You shouldn't be letting him get away with this." "What is your name?" I ask as calmly as I can, while clenching my fist. "Tanya," she says, as she bats her fake eyelashes like she's in a bar trying to pick me up. "Well then, Tanya. Seth here is busy trying to fight cancer. He's had a lumbar puncture, blood tests, a bone marrow aspiration - he's been through enough. The last thing he needs is you using him like a pincushion. I'll be speaking to your supervisor. You, Tanya, are no longer allowed to touch any patient of mine. And if we're being honest, I'd like to see you fired." Tears gather in her eyes as she storms out of the room. Seth cracks a grin. I turn to Jessica who is in shock and say, "Please call the Special Team. I'll wait here with Seth. I don't want him to hurt anyone else today." She nods and heads for the nurses' station. "I'm sorry you had to deal with her. It won't happen again, alright?" "Yeah, alright," he nods. "It was pretty awesome how you made her cry. I think I like you, Coach." "You aren't too bad yourself." I grin and shake my head. "You gotta understand though, the nurses that work here are never trying to hurt you and only want you to win the game. No more kicking?" I put my hand out and he agrees. "No more kicking." We shake on it. I hear the door open and hear, "You called for me? I'm with the Special Team." "Yes, I did. I'm Dr. Emmett Cullen, aka Coach, and this is Seth. We need a blood draw and just had a very bad experience with a vampire." "Oh no! I am so sorry to hear that. My name is Rosalie and I'm a phlebotomist, not a vampire." She shakes our hands and looks over Seth's arms. "She did a number on you." Rosalie is shaking her head in anger and trying to assess where she can take blood from without causing him any further pain. As she gets her gloves on and starts to get what she needs together she asks, "So, Seth, why don't you tell me about yourself? What is your favorite football team?" After a little hesitation he answers, "The Seahawks, of course." "Ahh, yes. Our Superbowl Champs. My favorite player is Marshawn Lynch, because we both love skittles. Who is yours?" She has the tourniquet on already and Seth is so excited to be talking football with a pretty blonde, he doesn't even notice. "He can't be your favorite because of Skittles! That's crazy! He leads the team in touchdowns and has 1,257 rushing yards. That's why he is my favorite." He looks over to me, "Do you hear this, Coach? Skittles!" I can't help but laugh. "I hear it, Seth. I do. Crazy talk if you ask me. Russell Wilson carried the team last year." He's so upset he misses the needle being inserted completely. "Seth, please stay still. We'll school the Coach on who carried the team after I'm done. Did I hurt you at all?" Rosalie asks. "No, it didn't hurt at all. You're awesome!" Rosalie smiles as she carefully inserts each tube, finishes up and takes her gloves off. "I'm glad I could help. You can ask for me anytime you want." "Good job, Seth!" We fist bump and blow it up. "I need to get back to work. Can you hang out, eat some lunch, chillax for me?" He yawns and nods his head. "Okay." I turn to Rosalie, "Can I talk to you in my office for a minute?" She looks surprised but says, "Of course. Lead the way." I hold the door for her and gesture for her to have a seat as I plop into my own chair across from her. "I want to thank you for everything you did in there. Seth is right, you're awesome. I know everyone here works their ass off and are often under appreciated." I look in her eyes and hope I look as sincere as I feel. "That's why I wanted to make sure you know how much you helped Seth and I today. I can't treat him without knowing what I'm up against. You made that possible, while helping him learn to trust me. So, thank you. " She doesn't shy away from my compliments, but smiles in appreciation. "You're welcome. It means a lot to me that I was able to help." She shifts in her seat as she plays with her earring. "I hope this isn't too forward of me, but will you please give me the name of the evil bitch who hurt him? I'd love to run needles through all her veins, but will settle for reporting her ass." Damn, I really like this woman. "I'm planning on making a call to her supervisor as soon as we're finished to see that she is fired. But you're welcome to report Tanya yourself, also." I lean back and really look at Rosalie for the first time. She's stunning - gorgeous gray-blue eyes and long blonde hair pulled back in a ponytail. How the hell did I miss it before? I rub my eyes with my fingertips in an attempt to get it together. "I must admit it's nice to see someone who cares so much for their patients and isn't afraid to speak up." Her cheeks turn pink and she gives me a small smile. "Speaking up is...well let's just say it's never been an issue for me." Her smile fades as she continues. "As for my patients...um...I watched my gram suffer through dialysis for years. I chose this job for a reason; to make a difference, no matter how big or small." She shakes her head, willing tears away. "Sorry, I should probably get back to work. I didn't intend to over share and make you uncomfortable." I stand as she does. The last thing I want is for her to leave. It would mean missing my chance to discover if this instant attraction could lead to something more. She's right, though, we both have work to do. "No need to apologize. I'd actually love to hear more." I shove my hands in my pockets and flex my arms. "Would you like to have lunch with me some time?" "Wow. Is this what you do to all the new staff? Get them alone to make your move?" I'm getting the death glare from this woman and it's turning me on. "Damn. I never intended to make you feel that way. I just like talking to you. To answer your question - no. Never. I, uh, got over the dating staff thing during my residency and have been quite alone ever since." I try to smile and fail. I rub my neck in frustration and try my best not to look like the creep she is accusing me of being. "My mistake. I just assumed," she points at my chest and I look down, utterly lost. "You know the muscles, the dimples - I figured you were banging every nurse here." My eyebrows arch and my mouth pops open. She has no filter and I love it. I squeeze my eyes shut and shake my head. "The muscles are from working out to relieve some stress. Everyone needs an outlet. Mine, however, is not the staff." We both start to laugh. Not chuckle, but deep belly, did-I-really-just-say-that, eyes water laughing. It feels like heaven. Rosalie is trying to say sorry, but snorts every time. I'm wiping tears off my cheeks and telling her to stop. Eventually we compose