A/N: Anything Twilight related belongs to SM. I am so excited to be publishing this new story. I am still working on Ms Busy Bee and her fancy pants. I originally wrote this for another purpose - it is different for me - as I try with each story to challenge myself. It will be a multi chapter story. I hope you like it. The spacious conference room was brimming with activity as the security team were sweeping the room for listening devices and no doubt for explosive devices as well. With security completed the next wave of activity was the administrative staff who went straight to their task of setting the room ready for the meeting. The expansive Board table was set so that each place included a setting for the family head and their advisers. Along the wall comfortable seating with small side tables were placed for the limited number of invited guests would sit. The catering staff bustled around the room arranging platters of savoury treats, pastries and fruit and the delicious smell of freshly ground coffee filled the room. After the staff had completed their work and left the room, the security team were sent back in to do yet another sweep. With the all clear given, phone calls were made and the meeting participants were given the green light to arrive. Nervously waiting to greet the guests as they arrived was Charles Swan who was the appointed host for the meeting. He and his daughter Isabella waited to greet each new arrival. His daughter had overseen all the arrangements and would now serve refreshments to the guests of each family head while also making sure introductions were made where necessary. It was her duty to know the likes and the dislikes of all the guests. It pleased her father to see her manage it all so well given her usual reserved, shy nature. Charles was to welcome each family head and their advisors and to see their needs as they waited for the Boss to arrive. Aro was the first to arrive and he greeted Charles warmly, which was unsurprising given they were from the same Family. Aro's adviser Marcus was by his side as was Aro's son Caius. Charles was surprised, however, that Aro's wife Sulpicia did not attend as invited. This could only be seen as a breach of courtesy and protocol. It would be seen as an insult, not only to Charles and Isabella as hosts of the meeting but also as an insult to the Boss who would expect each family to be represented fully. Aro must've realised that Charles had noted Sulpicia's absence and was quick to try and comfort his friend. "I am so sorry my dear wife Sulpicia could not attend today, my dear Charles and Isabella. Please do not take offense. She has been so unwell since the unfortunate outcome of our recent troubles. Her brother Felix was lost to us, you will remember, and she is still grieving, poor dear." Being selected to host this important meeting of the Five Families was an unexpected honour for the Swans, given Charles had loyally stood as a lower ranked member of the Volturi Family. Unfortunately for them, they failed in their attempt to overthrow the leadership of the Cartel and due to their failure, Charles' fortunes and rank had been significantly diminished. When the Boss had asked the Swans to host this meeting, it was a signal to all the Families that Charles was a man of honour and dignity, even if he was no longer a man of wealth and power. For Sulpicia not to attend was indeed an offense. It was a particularly sharp slap in the face to Charles' daughter, whose social standing and worthy prospects for marriage had diminished in accordance with the loss of their wealth. In true Isabella fashion though, she never spoke of the change to her social standing, instead she stood as always with dignity and unfailing loyalty to her father. Charles had expected more loyalty from the Aro family, frankly he knew he deserved it but he chose to ignore the social slight and guided Aro with his team into the conference room seeing to his needs politely before returning to welcome the next guests. Emmett McCarty was the next to arrive with his advisor Laurent. With them were Emmett's heavily pregnant wife Rosalie. Charles was grateful to see that despite being enemies during the conflict the McCarty's were adhering to protocol. The family was represented by their leaders as well as their women as a show of faith in Charles' security arrangements and as a mark of respect to the hostess, Isabella. Isabella welcomed Rosalie warmly; she had been fearful that Sulpicia's rudeness was a sign of how all the families would behave but she was quietly relieved that this was not the case. She happily offered Rosalie her favourite beverage as she had memorised it and Rosalie was very pleased and grateful for Bella's attention to detail. Rosalie was a successful engineer with her own company which in tandem with her husband's construction business, brought good legitimate profits to their Family's, and therefore the Cartel's, financial bottom line. She was well respected in her own right and often stood in for Emmett on Family matters. But for this conference Rosalie was attending in support and as a witness. "Isabella, I am so pleased to finally meet you." Rosalie offered. "Are you thinking of entering the workforce now that you have earned your degree? Or is marriage your first priority?" Isabella was honoured and pleased that such an important woman as Rosalie, wife and equal partner of the Head of the McCarty Family knew of her recent graduation, having just finished her bachelor's degree in Business at University of Washington. Isabella greatly admired this strong woman who balanced her role of successful professional woman with her leadership responsibilities within their Family. The Swans were members of the Volturi Family and closely aligned with the Black Family, both of which were much more traditional with regards to expectations and liberties allowed to their women. The McCarty, Cullen and Masen Families were more progressive; the fact that Rose often stood in for Emmett on family matters was remarkable and not something that would ever happen within the Volturi aligned Families. Isabella had to negotiate carefully to be even allowed to go to College without being engaged or at the very least spoken for, which was the normal requirement in her Family. She blushed at the suggestion of marriage and offered in response that she would like to get a job, if Aro as Head of her Family would allow it. She did not share that she felt certain Aro would not allow it, as it was only normally allowed with the support and permission of one's fiance or husband. The Cullens were the next to arrive and when Carlisle entered the conference hall with his wife Esme, his daughter Alice as well as his adviser Garrett and his daughter Kate, Charles called his daughter to his side immediately. Isabella stood with her father as he introduced her to the second most prestigious family in the Cartel. Esme was delighted to meet the young woman and immediately encouraged a friendship between Isabella with her daughter. "Isabella, may I congratulate you on the delightful arrangements you've made for this meeting. Alice has been most excited to meet you and insisted on joining us today." Alice stepped forward and shook Isabella's hand. "I have pestered my parents abominably but they finally gave in and agreed that I could come. You really have done so well to manage all these arrangements by yourself." "It is lovely to meet you both. May I offer you a glass of Moroccan sweet tea, Mrs Cullen? A chai latte for you Alice and iced lemonade for you Kate?" "Why Isabella, how lovely of you to have my favourite tea on hand and to know Alice's and Kate's favourites as well." Isabella guided the women over to join Rosalie where she left them while she went to ensure the beverages were prepared to her exact specifications. She instructed the servers on which foods were best for which person and once the drinks were delivered she excused herself to stand again with her father as the next Family were arriving. William Black, his wife Sue, their son Jacob and his wife Leah all entered greeting Charles and Isabella warmly. The Blacks had also stood with the Volturi in their unsuccessful bid for control and they too had suffered significant loss as a consequence. Isabella had known the Blacks all her life as the Swans worked closely with the Blacks on most business ventures. She was relieved and happy to see familiar, friendly faces especially Leah who had always been very kind to her. While Leah was like a sister to her, Sue was like a second mother to Isabella whose own mother had died after a lost battle with cancer. The women embraced each other fondly and Isabella guided them to the refreshments table where she introduced them to all the other women. She had no trouble organising their favourite beverages and foods as she knew them all so well. Polite, formal but still pleasant conversation was made amongst the women with no hint of the hostilities and loss which had led to this meeting. Isabella was enjoying listening to Alice explaining her joy at studying her first year of a Architectural Design and her plans to work hard hoping to be selected for an internship by a most prestigious firm. While she admired them, she was also quietly envious of the freedom the Cullen and McCarty women enjoyed. There was a flutter of activity in the foyer and Isabella knew it was time for the Boss to arrive, she moved quickly to her father's side and straightened her clothes and ran her hands over her hair. She was nervous as she had heard many things about the Masen Family and she'd heard that Mr Masen himself was a perfectionist with very particular tastes and demands. She also knew her father's precarious standing and position was dependent on pleasing Mr Masen who had surprised everyone by selecting Charles to host the event. For these reasons she had worked very hard and paid attention to every detail to ensure Mr Masen's satisfaction with the day's proceedings. She had gone to considerable effort to ensure his food and beverage preferences were prepared exactly, having made most herself to be sure of their exact quality. "Mr Masen, welcome. Everyone has arrived and all is as you requested." Charles offered his most formal greeting of the day, clearly offering due respect for this man whose arrival had quieted the whole room. Mr Masen shook Charles' hand, "Charles, thank you for arranging this meeting on behalf of the Five Families." His voices was deep, calm and sent a shiver down Isabella's spine. His voice was rich with unforced power. "May I introduce my daughter to you, sir? She has taken full responsibility for the arrangements for today and has seen to every detail herself. Isabella, this is Mr Edward Masen, Head of the Masen Family and Boss of the Five Families Cartel. " Isabella internally braced herself to meet one of the most powerful men in America. She tried not to shake and managed to keep herself to a small tremble when she took his outstretched hand. She knew she had to look him in the eye as he would expect this even though all her Family's deportment training had taught her otherwise. When she took him in she saw that he was a tall man, solid but lean, clearly very well built beneath his very expensive and perfectly fitted suit. His manner and look commanded attention. She gave him a small smile, "A pleasure to meet you Mr Masen, I hope the arrangements meet