Author's note: My Lord of the Rings fic, incase you thought you were reading something else. This here is only the prologue to the actual Lord of the Rings story, but it is long, the longest prologue I have ever done. I do not own the Lord of the Rings, it belongs to J. R. R. Tolkien, but I do love it, the books and movies. I try to do my research and not change things too much, anI hope you enjoy this. P.S. all these lines are going to act as time skips, and I hope that you are not too confused while reading. The Wizard's Apprentice High on the heights of Mount Taniquetil, Manwe, King of Arda, spoke with his wife Varda, concerning the rising power of the powerful Maiar once known as Mairon. "His powers are rising Varda, something must be done. I do not doubt the capabilities of the Istari, but one of the five has begun to tread on the path of corruption, and all that we have worked to stop Him may be undone." Varda nodded solemnly, "Power is his temptation, though I wish it were not so I feel that he shall not stray from the path he is now on." "What should I do Varda? Or shall all our work be for naught." "Send one more, one that will not be swayed by the temptations He offers. Send one who will become the new Istari, to replace the corruption with purity." Varda gave a soft smile as she kissed her husband, and quietly left Manwe to his thoughts. Manwe stood, and began walking slowly, only to stop at the sound of a footfall. Manwe couldn't help but smile as he shook his head. "Young One, come forward." A young Maiar shyly stepped forward, extremely embarrassed at being discovered in the act of eavesdropping. "…I'm sorry…" "It's alright Young One," he chuckled, kneeling down to their height, "In fact, I was thinking, you know much yet are pure of spirit. I would find it desirable, for you to descend to Middle Earth, and aid in the fight against, Him." The Maiar seemed to shiver, in a mix of fear and excitement, "M-me? Go to Middle Earth?" Manwe nodded, "The times are changing, His forces are growing, and I would like you to join the forces of good, to become an Istari." The Maiar bowed their head in respect, "I-I would be honored." Manwe smiled gently, resting his hand on the Maiar's shoulder, "Then I send you now, but not as you are. When you reach Middle Earth, you shall have a body to house your soul. As for your name, you cannot simply go by 'Young One', no, from now on you shall be known as Melia, for you shall be a friend to the races of Middle Earth." As his voice faded the young Maiar felt as though they were falling, though they felt comfort in the sensation. With a flash of light their body suddenly became heavy as it came to rest on a set of dark grey stone steps. Feeling faint the young Istari struggled to keep their eyes open, and as they slipped into unconsciousness one thought whispered through their mind, 'Melia, friend to the races of Middle Earth.' Then everything went dark. Melia's eyes flashed over the page with inhuman speed as she read each of the finely scripted words on the aged parchment. She was so absorbed in her reading she didn't hear the footsteps approaching her, and she jumped a few inches when she heard someone clear their throat behind her. "Master Radagast!" she exclaimed, quickly closing the book in her hands, "I'm sorry, I wasn't paying attention." Radagast the Brown chuckled at the young female wizard, "Quiet alright, Melia, come with me." Melia paused for a moment, then skipped up to Radagast and walked as fast as she could to keep up with his pace, "Where are we going Master Radagast?" But the brown wizard remained silent. If anyone had been watching the halls of the Orthanc, this would have been a sight to see. Radagast, in his brown garb, gnarled staff, and wrinkled face towered over the small form of Melia. Melia looked to be about six years old, standing at three and a half feet tall, her young, fair skin, soft blonde hair, and bright, energetic eyes were a drastic contrast to the ancient aura of the Orthanc. Reaching the very top of the Orthanc Melia let out a happy squeal as she ran ahead of Radagast, "Master Gandalf! You're back!" she yelled, as she hugged the old grey wizard, causing him to laugh. "Miss Melia." Saruman said sternly, causing Melia to become suddenly serious. "Yes Master Saruman." She said quietly, her voice shaking slightly in fear as the white wizard motioned her forward, she had almost always been afraid of him and his stern countenance. All three wizards stood before her, and she looked up at them, her huge innocent eyes asking them why she was here. Finally Radagast kneeled down to the young girl's height, "Melia, it has been a full year since we found you on the steps of the Orthanc, and now we think it is time you train in your skills. Before they left us and went to the lands of the west Alatar and Pallando were companions, as Saruman and I are companions, but you have not a companion of your own, you have no one to guide you, now is the time, now you must choose. Of the three of us, which do you choose as your teacher and companion?" Radagast backed away, standing between Saruman and Gandalf as Melia looked at them, thinking about the question before her. For a year she had lived here, she had come to know each of the three wizards, and now she was to choose who she would follow as an apprentice. Saruman was strong is the magical arts, and was the head of White Council, but he terrified Melia. Radagast was kind to Melia, as was Gandalf, but Radagast was Saruman's companion, so Melia made up her mind. "I would like to follow in the steps of Master Gandalf…" she said softly, "If he'll have me." Melia looked up to see the grey wizard smile at her, kneel down, and open his arms wide, inviting her to come forward. With all the happiness she had inside her Melia sprang forward and hugged her new teacher with all her strength, both of them laughing with joy. "Where are we going Gandalf?" Melia asked curiously as she bounced up and down on the wooden wagon bench, "When are we going to get there?" Gandalf smiled down at his excited apprentice, the now four year old girl wizard was a bundle of energy and questions, "We are going to see an old friend of mine." Melia cocked her head to one side, "I thought Saruman and Radagast were your friends?" Gandalf chuckled, "This is another friend of mine, I have known him as such for near forty years." Melia kept asking questions, but Gandalf would only smile mysteriously. They eventually pulled up to, what Melia thought, was the strangest house she had ever seen. A round door and several windows, even a chimney were coming out of a large hill, looking back she realized that they had passed a large number of houses like this. "Gandalf, where are we?" she asked as Gandalf got down from the wagon, and then lifted her off, gently putting her on the ground. "This," Gandalf said motioning to all the hill houses, "Is the Shire." Melia looked around in awe for a second then ran after Gandalf as the old wizard used his staff to knock on the door. After a second the door opened, and Melia let out a small gasp, inside was a man, if you could call him that, he looked old, or so Melia thought, but he was about her height. "Gandalf! Welcome back!" he said, giving the towering wizard a friendly hug, and that's when he saw Melia. "Oh! Who's this Gandalf?" he grinned as he waved at Melia, "Hello little one." Melia quickly stepped behind her mentor, shyly clinging to his old grey cloak, causing both of her elders to chuckle at her antics. "This is my apprentice, Melia." Gandalf said, patting the young girl's head, "Melia, this is my friend, Bilbo Baggins." "Uncle Bilbo, who's there?" came the voice of a young boy, and out came a short, medium brown haired, blue eyed, ten year old hobbit boy. "Frodo my lad, it's Gandalf, and he's brought someone with him." Bilbo said, pointing to a bashful Melia. "Gandalf, what are they?" Melia asked with a whisper, "They look like men, but they're so short." "They're Hobbits Melia, halflings. The Shire is their home." Gandalf answered. While Melia was talking with Gandalf she failed to notice a certain young Hobbit approach her, until it was too late, that is. "Hi!" Frodo smiled enthusiastically, "My name's Frodo, do you want to play with me?" Melia went to jump behind Gandalf again, only to find he wasn't there, he was making his way into the house with Bilbo, leaving her alone with Frodo who was waiting for an answer from her. Slowly Melia nodded her head, and that was all Frodo needed, quickly he grabbed her hand and pulled her inside Bag End. Melia went along with him, not sure about anything at the moment. Frodo showed her around the surprising large and comfortable home in the hill, until it reached afternoon tea time. "Frodo, Melia, tea time!" Bilbo called, which of course brought Frodo running with a slightly less shy Melia in tow. Seeing Gandalf again helped Melia to relax a bit more, and prompted a question in Frodo's mind. "Melia, are you a wizard?" he asked, grabbing a bread roll and a small wedge of cheese. "Uh-huh." Melia nodded, taking the tea cup Bilbo offered her, "I'm a wizard, I'm learning right now, but someday I'm going to be as strong as Gandalf." Gandalf smiled, Bilbo chuckled, and Frodo was fascinated. "So are you Bilbo's son, Frodo?" Melia asked innocently, now it was Gandalf's turn to chuckle. "Frodo is my nephew." Bilbo explained, "his father and mother had some business to attend to, so I'm looking after the lad." "That reminds me." Gandalf said, standing up slowly, so as not to hit his head on the low ceiling, "Melia, I have a few things to do here, would you be alright here with Bilbo and Frodo?" Melia seemed to freeze up for a second, and her uncertainty caused Gandalf to stop and kneel down to her eye level. "Melia, it's alright, I'll be back soon. Do you understand?" The little girl looked up at him with her big grey-blue eyes, she didn't want him to go, not without her. In the three years he had been teaching her they had formed a strong bond with each other, he was the closest thing she had to a family. Reluctantly Melia nodded. "That's a good girl. Now can you smile for me before I go." She managed a half smile, and Gandalf shook his head, "Close enough. I'll see you soon Melia." He said as he exited Bilbo's home. For about a minute Melia just stood in the front foyer, staring at the big round door as if Gandalf would walk back through it at any second. "Melia?" Bilbo asked, placing a gentle hand on her shoulder, "Would you like to listen to a story while you wait?" Melia seemed to consider it, but gave another look at the door. "He'll come back, he always does." Bilbo reassured as he gently herded the young wizard over to the living room. Bilbo started a fire in the fireplace and pulled up a hobbit sized arm chair as Frodo entered the room, half stumbling