Teddy grinned when he saw his favorite head of blonde hair enter the Great Hall, bouncing as if by magic (which actually, given the circumstance, could definitely be a possibility). He watched as she sat down at the Ravenclaw table, giggling with her friends without a care in the world, too unconcerned to notice that he was staring at her. "Hey, Teddy? You done staring at Weasley or do you need another minute?" asked his best friend, Isaac Ross. When Teddy didn't bother to respond, Isaac elbowed his in the gut. "Now you done?" Teddy let out a quiet groan, rubbing his stomach, "and what, may I ask, was that for?" "For staring at your sweet Vicky yet again . Sorry mate, but it's starting to get a tad annoying seeing you constantly drooling over her. I get she's part veela and all man, but come on , it's not that strong." Isaac was being sarcastic, but he regretted his choice of words once he saw that Teddy was about to go off of that tangent. "It has nothing to do with her being an eighth veela- which, by the way, isn't that much in the first place- nor the fact that she's the most beautiful person I've ever had the pleasure of seeing in my lifetime. She's amazing, she's smart, she's driven, she's witty, she's powerful, she's funny - I mean, how many people do you know like that? She's perfect! And let's not mention-" " Yes. Let's not mention, glad we're in agreement," interrupted Rosemary Flume as she sat down across from them, hardly bothering to carefully put down her mass of Hufflepuff Quidditch gear. "We were once really good-" Teddy was interrupted again. "Yes, we know, you were once very good friends, until you left for Hogwarts, and being the 'dynamic little ten-year-old' she was, she was so stubborn that she refused to owl you back ever again, and thus, the dreadful end," Rosemary continued for him, but in a much more mocking tone than Teddy would have preferred. In response, Teddy simply stuck his tongue out at her. "Ooh, look at our very mature and in-love prefect, gag me," Isaac observed until he turned back to Rosemary to discuss the upcoming Quidditch match this weekend- which happened to be against a particular blonde's house. Teddy had decided that the match was the perfect opportunity to talk to Victoire, despite his friends' protests. There was once a time when his friends supported his attraction to Victoire, but that quickly ended once they realized how much Teddy talked, but did little. Yes, he would go on about how perfect and lovely and amazing the girl was, but had he ever gotten up the nerve to ask her to Hogsmeade? That would be a hard no. Had he ever even gotten up the nerve to talk to her in the castle? Definitely not. It may have seemed strange, but the two rarely talked, even when at the Burrow. When they were the only little kids, they were inseparable, how could they not be? They were each other's first friends, only being a year apart, but it was easy being friends when they were kids in a sea of adults. But then came Dominique, and Molly, and Fred, and James, and Louis, and Roxanne, and Lucy, and Rose, and Albus, and Lily, and finally, Hugo. As the Weasley and Potter children filed in, Victoire and Teddy grew apart. Victoire had to take on the role as the eldest Weasley because, although Teddy was an honorary family member, he didn't have to bear the name. Once all the kids arrived, Victoire and Teddy felt like they had to stop being kids, because they were the examples, the role models. None of the adults ever forced the duty on Teddy and Victoire, but it was impossible not to feel the pressure with a dozen cousins looking up at them. And then when Teddy left for Hogwarts, Victoire was left alone to be the eldest, with the closest person in age to her being Dominique, three years her junior. After that, Teddy and Victoire just never got a moment to be alone; there was always someone else there who wanted their attention. Teddy tuned out the Quidditch talk, and instead chose to watch Victoire from across the room. She seemed so excited, talking to some of her fellow fourth-years. Seeing her smile filled Teddy with warmth, as if she radiated sunshine. He made no effort to hide the goofy grin appearing on his face. After all, it seemed as though everyone knew of Teddy's fancying of Victoire, but they mostly just assumed it had something to do with her veela genes, but he knew better. Edward Lupin had loved Victoire Weasley from the moment he laid eyes on her. Although Harry says that all he did was start crying after she spit up on him, Teddy chooses to believe that he was crying because he was so happy to have a friend. He had been the only baby around for a full year, and he needed someone else to share the attention. The two of them grew up together, he indirectly taught her how to walk, how to talk, all of it (except for potty training, unfortunately for Teddy, she picked up on that a little quicker than him). When she was six, he taught her how to ride a bike, and he even put a band-aid on her when she fell, scrapper her knee, and accidentally used magic to throw her bike across the street ( man , was that a strange sight for the muggles across the street). He loved her for all the times that she'd push him into the mud, or the pool, or literally anywhere else- she really liked to push him, for some reason. But when he loved her the most? When he can tell she thinks no one's watching, and she puts her hair up to see her book better. When she's not trying to impress anyone, that's when she really impresses him, and that's how he knows that he truly loves her. Now if only she could feel the same way. "I'm going to go talk to her," Teddy proclaimed suddenly and got up from the table, his friends sitting at the table looking at him like he'd grown a third head. "You always say that. Literally, you said that yesterday," Isaac recounted, watching his friend with a little bit of pity. "Well today, I'm going to do it." Teddy checked with a spoon to make sure his hair hadn't changed from his regular turquoise to a soft pink- something that tended to happen when he was watching Victoire, and then carefully stepped away from the Hufflepuff dining table. He began to stride over across the room when he ran into someone so small he hadn't noticed her before. The girl exclaimed while her tiny body was pushed back, but her face softened when she saw the culprit. "Watch where you're going, Teddy." "Really sorry, Eliza, I'll try to be more careful where I walk next time," Teddy replied, looking down at the brunette, while still trying not to lose Victoire; he was worried he just saw movement from her area of the room. "It's fine, I'll live, see you… Around." Without giving him another glance, Eliza Runcorn walked over to sit at the Slytherin table, and Teddy thanked Merlin that his ex-girlfriend wasn't the mental-type, especially being that she broke it off because Teddy was a little too interested in someone else. With no more distractions, Teddy resumed his stride to the Ravenclaw table, but he didn't see any golden head of hair. He inwardly groaned, and decided to suck it up and made his way to her friends. Millie Bones, Annie Goldstein, and Cassandra Vickers were sitting and chatting where Victoire had just been. "Uhm, excuse me," Teddy cleared his throat. The three girls looking up at the Teddy with the surprise: Millie with confusion, Cassandra with annoyance, but Annie did her best to smile at him. With Annie's reassurance, he figured he had a shot. "I was wondering if you know where Vic- uh- Victoire went? I need to discuss something with her." Annie opened her mouth to speak, but unfortunately, Cassandra was quicker, "I suppose she went to get ready for her date with Harrison King! Isn't that lovely? He's going to take her flying on the Quidditch pitch. So you'd better hurry along!" She exaggerated her excitement, in an attempt to stun him. Millie and Annie gave Cassandra a look, but the brunette just smiled innocently at them. "Uhm, actually , she went to the library, something about fixing her Transfiguration essay," Annie interjected, giving Cassandra a sharp look. "She could probably use help from an OWL student." Teddy's smile didn't waver once, despite the brunette's intentions. "Lovely then, thank you!" He cheerfully turned from the girls and began his stride again towards the door. Teddy wasn't fazed by the news of Victoire's date, of course, she was asked on dates. Everyone went on dates and one of the most attractive girls in the school was no exception. But even though he wasn't upset, he cringed his nose at the thought of her going anywhere with Harrison King. Harrison King was a sixth-year Gryffindor, who also happened to be Quidditch Captain, a fact that he readily told anyone and everyone about. He was pompous, arrogant, and he no-doubt wanted Victoire on his arm just to show around. But that didn't matter, because Teddy was going to find her. Maybe he'd even be able to convince her to ditch the bloke and spend her Saturday afternoon with him. Maybe he wouldn't. As Teddy walked into the library, he made eye contact with Ms. Pince and made a point to give her a bright smile and wave while secretly wondering how old one could possibly be because she must be ancient . And then he saw his beautiful head of blonde hair and his grin grew. He tried his best to look cool as he approached her, even staggering his way over, but even a Metamorphmagus couldn't hide that goofy smile. "The process of adding animal parts to yourself? Wonder what that's like," Teddy joked, peaking over the girl's shoulder to look at her paper. Victoire frowned when she felt a body much too close to hers and turned her head to the violator of her space. Her face had tensed up until she saw who the voice belonged to, but rather than relaxing, she gave Teddy a look indicating that she did not find his joke very amusing. "Oh, ha. Hi, Ted." "Do you mind if I sit? I could give you some help if you want," Teddy offered, still giving her his winning smile; he only wished she would reciprocate it. Victoire's eyebrows pulled together, confused and surprised by the offering. She couldn't even remember the last time she and Teddy spoke, and now he wants to help her with her homework? "Uhm- yeah, sure," she finally answered, moving her bag from the seat. As the boy sat down, Victoire noticed that he didn't have anything with him- no book, no bag- nothing to indicate why he was at the library in the first place. "Were you here to find a book? I don't want to distract you." Teddy's grin grew even brighter when she accepted his offer and he made way to sit down. When she asked for his reasoning for being at the library, Teddy felt the tips of his hair reddening, but quickly stopped the transformation. "Oh, yeah, I was looking for a book on, uhm, the War. You know, the Second one, with Harry and them" Teddy could tell that Victoire was still confused so he hastily added, "I just wanted to know some more about it before Harry comes and lectures my class on it.