"Well… I'll see you later!" I told Remus, who was giving our trunks to the man putting them in the luggage carriage, as I quickly walked away from him. I could hear him yelling for me to stop, but I just waved a bit, still walking. I got onto the red Hogwarts Express, inspecting everything to soak it all in. I , was finally going to Hogwarts. Our parents had already left; they were both in a hurry, as per usual. Our mother had hugged us both very tightly, and our father had made sure to tell Remus to keep me out of trouble. As much as I loved them, I always wished they'd stop seeing me as the baby of the family; Remus and I were twins, for God's sake. So far, it was only ten when our family had arrived, so Remus and I were still some of the earliest people to get there. It was so empty that I found an empty compartment in a matter of minutes, which was refreshing. As much as I loved Remus, I didn't need him always around protecting me, making sure I was keeping myself safe. I sighed a bit, mostly from happiness. Once I'd reach Hogwarts, I'd technically be starting my second year. My father had kept me homeschooled last year, afraid I was much more vulnerable and not so wise when it came to my condition, well, at least not as wise as Remus. Although Remus and I both were werewolves, my parents had always trusted him to stay calm more, especially after my summer before I should have started Hogwarts. My best friend since I was about five, Leo Smith, had been murdered right before we were supposed to go to Hogwarts, and I'd witnessed it. Remus, my parents, and Leo's parents were the only people who knew about what happened, but they made sure not to talk about it to me. Even if Remus tried to help, it wouldn't work, but that was in the past now. Eventually, I found myself staring out the window and twirling my locket, so I forced myself to take out a book, to block out the memories. I dug a large fairytale book out of my bag, which contained mostly only essentials. As I read, the train departed, right at eleven on the dot. The story was interesting, but I'd read it before, so it was getting harder and harder to focus. It must have only been minutes after the train left the station, when I heard the door to my compartment slide open. "Can we sit here? Everywhere else-" a young boy's voice started, but without looking up from my book, I just nodded and waved my hand for them to just sit down. "I'm taking that as a yes, boys. Thanks," said another boy. "Yeah, thanks," said the one before. "Thanks," said another boy, quietly. "Yes, thank you so much," I heard a familiar voice say and I looked up, seeing a smirking Remus. I almost gasped in surprise, but kept my mouth shut. "No problem," I said taking my eyes off Remus to not look suspicious. I looked around the compartment, quickly studying the three other boys, who'd apparently not noticed my surprise. Sitting next to me, was a tall boy with light brown hair, glasses, and a proud look in his eye, he was smiling. Across from me, there was an admittedly handsome boy, with shaggy black hair and striking grey eyes, he also carried a bit of a smirk. Next to the boy with glasses, was a short boy, with brown hair; he looked nice enough to me. There were a few moments of silence, as we all (not counting Remus) summed each other up, but the boy next to me eventually introduced them, "So, I'm James Potter, that one's Sirius Black, that's Peter Pettigrew, and that's Remus Lupin." "You got a name, love?" asked the one with curly hair, Sirius something I think, while smirking. I was already getting annoyed with him, especially for adding the unnecessary nickname. "Izzy, or Belle I suppose," I answered, trying to keep my temper down. "So, your actual name's Isabelle?" James asked, and I nodded, like it was a bit obvious. Again silence. "So, I'm just going to get back to my book, nice meeting you guys," I said, a bit awkwardly, but I was happy to end the conversation for the most part. I turned back to my book, but it was taken from me not a minute later. "Oi! What's the big idea?" I yelled at Sirius, who had taken my book, but he just smirked. "What's the magic word?" Sirius asked like I was a little kid, holding the book back. I bit my lip again, and then forced out a mumble, "Can I have it back, please? " Sirius just smirked wider, and then taunted, "Sure thing, but only after you give me a little kiss." I glared at him, but he just puckered his lips and closed his eyes, the smirk on his lips still somehow there. The others were watching, James and Peter with interest, and Remus in an angry way. I, myself, was furious, and didn't even realize what I was doing until, instead of my lips softly reaching his, my fist roughly crashed into his nose. "Ow! What the bloody hell?" Sirius yelled while dropping my book and grabbing his nose. I hadn't actually meant to hit him, well at least not that hard, because I could feel my own hand throbbing in pain. Quickly, I just stood up, getting my book and bag, and left the room, feeling both annoyed and guilty. I mean, he is Remus' friend… I walked down the train, looking into the compartments until I finally saw two familiar pairs of red heads sitting in one. I slid open the door and they looked up and smiled. "Belle!" the twins exclaimed together. "Hey guys," I said in reply, sitting down with them. I was looking at Fabian and Gideon Prewett, two Gryffindors, a first year and a third year, whom I had met only a month ago in Diagon Alley. Remus had left me in a store for a few minutes to meet up with his friends while I walked around the bookshop when something, or apparently, someone tripped me. It was a tall, redheaded boy who was sitting on the floor, looking at some book that had tripped me. Immediately, he apologized, "I'm so sorry, that wasn't intentional. I'm Fabian, I suppose." I laughed a bit, "it's fine, I'm Isabelle, but don't call me that. Are you looking for Hogwarts books?" Fabian started to speak when a younger version of him walked up next to me; his name was Gideon and he was going into his first year at Hogwarts. After our little run-in, I hadn't spoken to them, but we'd quickly bonded. Fabian helped me find books, while I talked to Gideon about how excited we were going to Hogwarts. It was a relief talking to them, like I already had some friends other than my brother. "Are you okay? You look sort of annoyed," Fabian asked carefully. "Eh… This guy tried to get me to kiss him, but I kind of lost it, and I think I broke his nose… You know, normal stuff," I responded. "Who?" Gideon inquired. "Oh, what was it…Oh yes it was, uh... Sirius Grey, or something, I think? He has long, curly black hair and hangs out with my brother, Remus," I answered thoughtfully. Fabian laughed a bit, and nodded, "Sirius Black, yeah. He's practically the ladies' man of Gryffindor, even if he is only a second year." I nodded, but something was bothering me. Guilt, of course. I groaned a bit and mumbled, "I'll be right back," and walked out into the hall. As I slowly got back to the other compartment, I looked in through the window in the door. Sirius's nose was oozing with blood, and the boys were still laughing a bit, but it seemed at though none of them had told him how to get it to stop bleeding, even though I knew Remus knew exactly how. I sighed and walked back inside grudgingly. Stupid guilt. Sirius "What the bloody hell is wrong with that witch? I think she broke my bloody nose!" I complained to the guys, whom were all laughing at my expense. As they were all trying to regain their breath Remus broke the silence, "Sorry, my sister has a horrid temper." He added to his thought, "she's particularly violent too." "Well she didn't have to punch my bloody… Wait… Did you say your sister ?" I asked, his words having finally registered in my brain. Peter and James had stopped laughing now, and were starring at Remus, along with me. He simply nodded, shrugging and said, "Yeah, Izzy is that twin sister I told you about." "Darn, Remus, we were all hoping she'd be ugly," James said, while snapping his fingers and falling back into his seat dramatically. "Bloody hell, do you know how to get it to stop bleeding?" I asked looking down at my, now, bloodstained hands. "I might, " Remus admitted, but he opened his book and starting to read. I opened my mouth to say something when the she-devil, herself, came in. Without a word, Remus' sister took out a handkerchief and pinched my nose with it, forcing me to sit a bit forward. It was awkward and uncomfortable, but I slowly felt the bleeding stop. She pulled her, now bloody, handkerchief away; I pulled my shirt up a bit, cleaning off my face. "Thanks" I angrily muttered. "You're welcome," Isabelle replied flatly and turned to Remus and said, "I'll be with Fabian and Gideon." He looked up from his book and warned, "tell me if they do anything." None of us were particularly fans of the Prewett twins, and the feeling was mutual, but none of us hated each other. Isabelle rolled her eyes and said, " They won't, but I'd watch him, " gesturing to me. I stood up angrily. "Oh, trust me, sweetheart, I won't try anything. How about we just don't speak at all, Lupin ?" I suggested, glaring at her. "Sounds perfect to me, Grey," she, again, replied flatly. "My name is Black!" I snapped at her. "Hm. Weird, I thought you were actually being serious when you said it was Sirius," she mocked. "I was!" I replied, annoyed. "But I thought it was Black now?" she asked, looking at me innocently, and I let out a sigh of frustration. The guys were cracking up now and she smirked at my agitation. I glared at her, and she gave me one last smirk and then finally left. "Remus no offense, but I hate your sister," I muttered, while slumping back into my seat. This is going to be a long year. Isabelle "Ahhhhh! We're here!," I couldn't help, but shreik to Fabian and Gideon as I looked out the window to the large castle and jumped up and down in my seat. Even though Gideon was a first year, and really excited, I topped it. "Oh it's so beautiful!" "Yeah it is, now let's go ," said Fabian, pulling Gideon and me out of the compartment. We got off the train, and Fabian half-warned, half-taunted, "Don't fall into the Black Lake, you'll be eaten in seconds." He went off to carriages hooked up to very strange, skeleton-looking horses. They made me shiver, but Gideon pulled me along to a very tall, large man, with a very thick beard. He introduced himself as Hagrid, and me along with the young first years followed him to a bunch of small boats. I sat in a boat along with Gideon and a small, blond girl, who he apparently knew. All of us watched the giant castle in front of us, amazed by its