Summary – A problem of racism haunts Estel. What should a human do when they are up against a group of Elves with a philosophy that has never been taught to the human? Disclaimer—I do not own anything in LOTR. A/N – Hello everyone! I've had this story on my hard files for months now. I really can't remember when I wrote this. But I thought the plot was interesting. I haven't seen many fics with a plot like this, much less any that are actually good. So, here is my atempt at a very old plot line and I hope that you all enjoy it! Hope's Fight It was mid afternoon, the weather was warm and the sky was clear of any rain clouds. There was a cooling breeze in the air, and it was a perfect day to be outside. The trees enjoyed the weather, as did the animals. However, it was neither the trees nor the animals that the human was interested in. Estel notched another arrow on his bow. He took aim, closing one eye like he had been taught, and slowed his breathing. When he felt that he was in tune with the breeze that was blowing through his hair, Estel let the arrow go. It landed three rings from the middle of the target. "Oh bother! I'll never be able to get it in the middle before Legolas gets here," Estel muttered, he looked behind him to Nugget. The golden retriever was laying in the grass watching her master practice. She wagged her tail at him and gave a small "Woof!" "I know, practice makes perfect," Estel muttered, he did not know what his dog was saying, but a bit of guess work had never hurt anyone, yet. Estel took another arrow from the case besides him and notched it again. He was just about to let it go when he heard laughing. Several other Elves had decided that it was a great day to practice too and here they were coming. "Hey you there!" One of them called out. "You can practice with me if you want," Estel said, he had never practiced with anyone but his brothers and Legolas, he wondered how he would do against these Elves. "We don't want you to practice with us," Horvath said. Estel recognized him as the lead Elfling. Horvath had long light brown hair and blue eyes. "Than what do you want?" Estel asked. "We want you off our grass," said a girl who had come to watch and swoon over Horvath. "Oh, I guess I missed the fact that I was here first then," Estel rolled his eyes. "Is that any way to talk to Flora?" said another Elfling, whose name had escaped Estel at that moment. "Geeze, excuse me while I go brush up on who is worthy of being a princess," Estel muttered. "WE HEARD THAT!" the group yelled. "Get lost, human, we claim the archery field," Horvath said. "What? You can't do that!" Estel yelled. "Yes I can, want to see you filthy brat?" Horvath pushed Estel. Estel dropped his bow but at the moment, that was far from his mind. "Make me!" Estel cried. He pushed back. The Elf didn't move but an inch, but hey, an inch was better than a centimeter. "Ha! You aren't even as strong as me; how do you figure you can fight when you can't even push me properly?" Horvath asked. "I don't need to push you, there are other ways to win in a fight," Estel replied. This line came from Glorfindel who had lectured Estel hours on end about war and strategies. "There is only one way to win, and that is to be stronger than your opponent," Horvath said. Estel rolled his eyes, obviously Horvath had not been on the receiving end of one of Glorfindel's lectures. "Say's you," Estel muttered. Horvath pushed Estel again. "Say that again and you'll be sorry, you Orc eating Human," "What. Did. You. Say. To. Me?" Estel had his teeth clenched. "You heard me," Estel didn't bother to say anything, he punched Horvath with all the strength he had in his small arm. Estel did have some muscle but it just wasn't enough compared to an Elf who was naturally stronger. However, Estel figured that he had to try and shut this Elf up. The hard way. Horvath spat blood at Estel, infuriated that the human before him, a weak human, had drawn blood. He raised his fist and punched Estel in the stomach. Estel was winded but did not give it any thought as he jumped at the Elf. The fight had started, the other Elflings of the group gathered around the two and started to chant for the one they wanted to win. Estel punched his opponent wherever he could, though he was on the bottom he did gave it his best to try and get up top. Elladan had always said that being top was the better position for anyone in a fight. If you were on top, there was always a good chance that you would win. He never went into detail what would happen to the one on the bottom, but Estel did not let his imagination give him any ideas. Horvath slapped Estel across the face, then he captured the human's arms and pinned them to the ground. Estel now knew that his fight was over and that Horvath had won. "What do you say now, you filthy Orc?" Horvath asked. "Go suck an egg?" Estel gasped between gulps of air. He was still a bit winded. "Here is what I am going to do," Horvath got off of Estel. He spied Estel's bow on the ground not all that far away from them. Horvath walks over and picks the Mirkwood made bow up. "I'm keeping this as a reminder for you to mind your tongue when speaking to your elders," Horvath said. "Now go home, we'd rather not see you more than we have too," Flora said. The group agreed. Estel picked himself up, and with Nugget at his heels, he ran as fast as he could so that he would not have to listen to the group of Elves make fun of him. Estel lay on his bed, a cold cloth on his eye to make the swelling go down before dinner, and a frown on his face. He sighed as he thought back to the fight. He groaned, he felt dead by the way his ribs were speaking to him, but Estel knew that they were only bruised. He didn't understand why Horvath and his gang made fun of him all the time. Usually Estel stayed away from them, but sometimes it was inevitable that they be pushed together for a time. There was the Winter Solstice incident. Estel had accidentally knocked into a table that then collapsed, which sent a blue berry pie right into Horvath's face when he tried to kiss Arwen. Arwen had been furious, but Elladan and Elrohir had thanked the young human and then preceded to embarrass Horvath even more by pouring a bowl of punch over him, then threatened that if he ever tried to kiss their younger sister again, that they would drag him into the forest and no one would see him ever again. Now, Estel wished that his brothers had done that anyway, at least Horvath would not have his bow right now. "MY BOW!" Estel jumped up and began to pace his room, from bed to door and back again. What was he supposed to do? How was he supposed to get his bow back? How was he supposed to tell Legolas that he had lost the bow the Elf had given him for his birthday? Estel groaned again; he loved that bow, it was not his first bow, but it was made especially for him. It was the exact height that he needed it to be, and it fit perfectly into his hands. Legolas said that when a bow is made for a particular person, that bow works the best for hunting. Which meant that since the bow was made for Estel, that Horvath would probably have a hard time shooting it. The sounds of someone else not having much fun filtered into Estel's room. Estel imagined that person being Horvath, being totally flattened at archery by his own group of friends. Estel smiled, he had no care for the group of Elves, but hey, as long as they beat the elf, Estel didn't mind them so much. Now, for his problem…. After moments of thinking, Estel figured that maybe the safest path was…to think of something later, he was about to be late to dinner. Ada had this strange rule about the family being on time to eat. Estel splashed his face, decided that there was nothing he could do about his black eye, and then ran out of his room. Elrond was glad that, though the young boy was quite out of breath, that Estel said hello to everyone and pecked his adoptive father on the cheek before sitting down. Elrond had not made this a rule of dinner etiquette, Estel had always done this since he could walk and was allowed to sit in a 'big boy' chair. Estel had not changed this, no matter if they had guests or not. "Estel?" Elrond had just noticed the black eye, "What happened?" "What? Oh this…" Estel laughed like it was a big joke. "I just fell down the stairs earlier today," Estel said, "You know me, just a clumsy human at times," Estel shrugged then dug into his plate, he knew that any questions that were asked o he wf him, that he asn't allowed to answer because he had his mouth full. "Have you been in a fight?" Elrond asked, Estel had just swallowed so he had to answer. "Not since the last time," Estel said which was not a lie, he hadn't been in a fight since the one with Horvath and his friends, and however, Elrond did not know that. "So, it was the stairs that brought you down?" "Yes Ada," Estel said. Elrond looked to Glorfindel who shrugged. The dinner conversation went on to other things, and Estel was glad to be forgotten, at least for a while. "Elladan and Elrohir will be home soon," "Will Legolas come with them?" Estel asked, his father chuckled. "Yes, and he is especially excited to see how his most favorite pupil is doing," "Oh? Well…I can't wait to see him," Estel smiled. "Wonderful, have you practiced today?" "Yes," Estel said, praying to the Valor that Elrond would not ask anything else about that afternoon. "Don't forget to do a bit more before you brothers and Legolas arrive," "I won't Ada, can I be excused?" Estel asked. "Of course," "Thank you," Estel jumped up and once again pecked Elrond on the cheek before leaving the room at a fast paced walk. Morning dawned upon Estel, who was lying in bed, his hair was messy and he was blurry eyed from not getting any sleep. He had been up all night trying to think of a way to get his bow back. The possibility of asking his Ada for help had come to mind no more that five moments before sun rise. However, Estel dismissed it, he was eleven years old, he could handle this. He hoped. "Hope, ha! That's my name and here I am hoping to get my bow back. What have I come too?" Estel said out loud to himself. Nugget jumped onto the bed and laid her head on the boys lap; she looked up and licked his hand. Estel automatically scratched behind the dog's ear. "Nugget, what am I supposed to do? Horvath is so much bigger me," Estel said. "I mean, he's big, he's mean, he hates me, he likes Arwen (which is stupid, why would he like