Trouble at Fea Eve Ten year old Eldarion, son of King Elessar of Gondor, Prince of Gondor, ran up the stone stairs that let to a lone hallway that would bring him to his father's study. He had a week and yet far no one had let him near his father to ask the most single, solitary question that shook his mind day and night. He couldn't even sleep and he would detest having to run off with his best friend, Neldewin, daughter of Losdur, a General in his father's army. Coming to a full stop after his near run, Eldarion caught his breathe, he didn't want to seem too desperate, after all, that just led to questions. He wanted his father's permission to go the Fea Festival that was held every year to honor the ancestors. No one knew how this tradition was started, but there would be games and candy, Eldarion and his sisters had all ready carved their pumpkins, but, Eldarion didn't want to go to the normal ball that was held for the royals, it was terribly boring and Neldewin wasn't allowed to attend. Knocking on the door, Eldarion waited to be called to enter. It too less than a moments and he was standing in the study full of boos, darkened cherry wood and a veranda that was open to the elements. He could barely hear the every day sounds of the city below them. His father smiled at his son. "El, what brings you to me?" Aragorn asked. Eldarion wasted no time and ran up to his father and gave him a strong hug. Aragorn embraced him as only a father could. They stepped back after a moment and Eldarion breathed deeply so that he could gather his courage. There was nothing to be afraid of. "Ada, I was wondering if I could go to the festival on Fea Eve? Neldewin will be with me as will her older brother Toloio," Eldarion explained. "The one being held for the citizens?" Aragorn asked, he was terribly careful to not refer to his people that he kept dear and near his heart as 'Peasants' – to him, that was an insult that would not be forgiven. "Please? Everyone will be dressed up, there is no way that anyone would recognize me," Eldarion jumped up and down excitedly. Aragorn laughed and shook his head. "Let me talk to your Nana first," he said, "I have seen Master Toloio fight and Miss Neldewin is quite good herself and I have no doubt of your skills, my son, but pray be patient. I am an old man with a soft heart, I would surly perish if anything happened to you, your sisters and Nana," Eldarion nodded, he knew that whichever parent he asked, they would speak to the other. --- Arwen ran her brush through the long dark tresses that cascaded down her shoulders. Her husband sat in a wide, wing backed chair by their bedroom window which gave them a wonderful view of the stars. In his hand was a heavy bound book, however, Aragorn hadn't gotten far in the twenty minutes that he and Arwen had retired to their sanctuary. "I've been thinking," gray eyes looked up from words that he hadn't been seeing. "Yes?" Arwen's own blue eyes sought out those of her husbands in the mirror. "Eldarion wants to go to the Fea Day Festival instead than going to our regular ball," Aragorn explained. "Alone?" Arwen quirked an eyebrow in slight knowledge of a name given. "No, he wants to go with Neldewin and her older brother Toloio," Aragorn replied. "Master Toloio was part of my body guard entourage when I took Eldarion to see our Ada," Arwen said. "Well, I was thinking that maybe we should let Eldarion go since he will be with Master Toloio," Aragorn replied. "Alone? Without us?" "If I were him," Aragorn put his book to the side, "If my Ada had said 'no' I would sneak out and go anyway," "True, Elrohir, Elledan and myself did get into quite a few scraps because Ada didn't trust us enough to let us have a bit more leash," Arwen nodded her head. "Of course, and Eldarion is well trained, in fact he's more trained in combat than I was at his age," Aragorn replied. "I suppose that as long as he stays with Neldewin and Toloio that he can't come to much harm," Arwen sighed. "Than we shall let him go to the Fea Festival," Aragorn smiled. "He'll be so happy," Arwen nodded. --- Eldarion grinned happily at his father over pseudo-breakfast tale they share. Aragorn had decided to take the morning off from litigations of Gondor and just spend time with his son. They had done some battle practice and Aragorn had taught Eldarion a new technique. It involved hiding his knife in the folds of his shirt, held there by a band of leather. Thin strings connected to his thumb and ring finger. When one flexed their hand out the knife would pop up tip first. Eldarion got a couple of small scratches from the knife as he tried to close his hand on the ruby studded hilt. Now, Eldarion was even happier because it was his father who had taught him the trick of which Aragorn told him that Grandfather Elrond had taught him. "Make sure you practice whenever you can, that trick has saved my life plenty of times," Aragorn said. "Were you going to a festival alone too when Grandfather taught it to you?" Eldarion asked. "I was actually going to travel with Halbarad to learn the life of a Ranger. It took two years and trust me when I say that when some of the other Ranger's saw my trick, they asked me to teach them. Now, the Strider is part of a Ranger's training," Aragorn smiled. "Will I go an learn to be a Ranger as well?" Eldarion asked. "I don't see why not," Aragorn shrugged. "When I am King, wouldn't the people feel better if I had what you had?" "Possibly," "I'll practice, you never know when I might need it," Eldarion grinned. "I pray that you won't need it," Aragorn held out his arms and his boy hugged him. All too soon Aragorn had to return to his duty's as King, but Eldarion promised to meet his father that afternoon in the study just as soon as he found a costume for the Fea Festival. --- "I still think you should go as something that no one would think of," Neldewin held up and old tunic from the Prince's wardrobe. It was gold and far too flashy. "I know, I don't want to stand out, all I want is to have fun, no one can know that I'm the Crowned Prince of Gondor," Eldarion sighed. "Why don't you go as a Hobbit?" Neldewin giggled, she pushed back her dark red hair and quirked an eyebrow funnily. "I am not that small…" Eldarion mock-glared at his best friend. "How about a Ranger then? At least that way you can look more like a peasant," Neldewin suggested. Eldarion played about with his knife trick that he had been taught that morning. "Huh, why not, all I have to do is find something old," he said. "Sure, maybe we can go through those old trunks that Queen Arwen put away last year," Neldewin said. "Let's go ask Nana," Eldarion smiled. The two ran out of his bedroom in order to find the Queen of Gondor. --- Arwen was in the middle of approving the supper menu for that night when her son and his best friend ran up to her in a tizzy and asked to go through the junk room. Arwen had them sit down and have lunch first while they explained what they wanted to do. "Hmmm…yes," she smiled, "I do think you can find something in there," "Thank you Nana," Eldarion gave her a hug. He ran out of the room with no further preamble, but Neldewin gave Arwen a curtsy before she ran after Eldarion. "At least someone remembered their manners," Arwen sighed. --- The Junk Room as Aragorn had officially decreed it, was a dusty room in a mostly unused hallway of the royal wing of the white palace. There were no windows that looked out lovingly over the city and so it was mostly dusty ad crawled about with spiders. "Legolas say's that his forest is full of huge spiders," Eldarion informed his companion. "Will we go there and defeat said spiders in order to bring warm days to Mirkwood?" Neldewin asked. "Maybe," Eldarion replied. Since the two had met at sword practice held for any child who wanted to learn, Neldewin and Eldarion had become partners. Neldewin decided that she had to look after Eldarion because she was sure that he would get into some scrape or another. She was sure that the something would happen that Friday at the festival, but was loath to say anything in fear of jinxing it. Eldarion opened a dark wooden door at the far end of the hallway; The junk room had many things that just didn't belong in the palace but no one wanted to get rid of them. Several chests were deemed accessible and the two friends went through them. "Oh my! Look at this!" Neldewin seemed over excited as she brought out a dress of dark pink. It had bell sleeves and she held it up to see if it would fit her. "Beautiful, you'd look like an elf in that," Eldarion said. Neldewin's cheeks brightened at his compliment. "You think so?" she asked. "I know so, therefore, you're going to take that home with you today," Eldarion waved his hand. "Are you sure, what if someone wanted it back?" Neldewin asked. "Delly! It's the junk room, what we find in here we can use without fear because it was in here in the first place. Nana said that anyone was welcome to it," Eldarion explained. Neldewin held back tears as she suddenly embraced the Prince. "Thank you so much! I love it! I'll wear it just for you!" she cried. Now it was Eldarion's turn to blush. "I'm glad that you like it," he replied. Neldewin poured herself into finding things for Eldarion to use, she found a shirt and a vest he could while Eldarion found leggings and boots. It was actually one item that took the cake that made Neldewin and Eldarion excited. The cape was silver with a hook, it also had a brooch of a leaf with silver outlining the jewel. "Now this will make you look like a Ranger, even for a evening," Neldewin smiled as she un clasped the cloak and threw it around Eldarion's shoulders. Eldarion got a look at himself in a floor length mirror that had been broken at some point. Soon, the two had their costumes taken in by the resident seamstress. She put all the items on top of her pile to get to next after she finished crafting matching outfits for the Queen and King. It was then time for Neldewin to go meet her older brother and Eldarion to meet his father. As he made his way down the hallways, he practiced his new trick and was actually able to catch the hilt three times in a row before he lost his knife once again. Felling rather proud of himself, Eldarion knocked on the door to his fathers study. He found his father on the veranda, a chess table had been set up and there was also a tray of snacks, some his fathers but mostly that of his own. "Who shall play Mordor this time?" Eldarion asked. "I will, you can have Gondor, just like I promised that last we played," Aragorn laughed. That had been nigh on three months before. Eldarion smiled, he was going to thrash his father! --- Friday dawned