Disclaimer: I do not own The Hunger Games, Harry Potter, Castle, Once Upon A Time, El Internado or anything else. I might own something in the future, when I write my own books, but for the moment nothing. Prologue My name is Katniss Everdeen. I am sixteen years old. I am five feet seven. I weigh one hundred and twenty-two pounds. My hair is long and black. My eyes are gray. I have olive skin. I live with my mother and my sister Prim in District Twelve, in the Seam, where the coal miners live. I am the main provider for my family. I hunt, I fight, I trade. I have been doing this for five years. Almost. Ever since my father died in the mines, I have had to. Mom fell in a depression after Dad died, and was pretty much unable to take care of Prim and me. I hate her for doing this. For leaving Prim and me alone. She did nothing for us. Dad was a miner. And a hunter. He was the one that taught me most I know about hunting, and many other things. Important things. If it were not for what he did, the three of us would have died. I hunt. I use a bow and arrows. They were Dad's, but now they are mine. He had left them at the forest a couple of days before dying, so I pretty much inherited them. It took me some time before I was able to use them both. Now, I can easily kill a squirrel or a rabbit from fifteen meters by shooting it into the eye. I do it that way because it kills them instantly – it prevents them from running away –, it makes no holes in the skin – an intact skin is worth a lot more than one with holes – and it does not touch any internal organs beyond the brain – so the meat does not get contaminated by their inner foulness. I fight. I fight for my life and that of my family. Learning how to use the bow was hard. Learning how to throw a knife was hard, too. But hunger is a powerful teacher. Mine, Prim's and Mom's. They both relied, and still rely, on what I could hunt and forage in the forest, and what I could get through other means. So, I go into the woods and break the law daily, because not only it allows me to feed my family, but also because many others like the meat I provide. I trade. A squirrel can sell for a bread loaf, two if it is big enough. A turkey can get me enough vegetables for a few days. Half of the deer I killed a few years ago helped me to get Lady, my sister's goat, which provides us with milk, wool and, every year, we manage to get an extra by getting her to stud. Most of this, of course, is done in the underground market, which we call the Hob. Fortunately, the Peacekeepers are not utter bastards, and they allow the people of the Seam to trade there, as long as we are not too obvious. A few of them are actually among our best clients, like Cray, the Head Peacekeeper, or Darius. There are few people I can consider myself close to, apart from my sister. One of them is Madge Undersee, the Mayor's daughter. Even though she is considered part of the Merchants, she is not like all those other Merchant girls who would not know the difference between a maple tree and a pine tree. I met her when I was trying to find a buyer for a bucket of wild strawberries I had found at the forest. She loves them, so she has become another great client, and a friend. She sits with me at lunchtime, we speak about things, and every year, she gets as many strawberries as I can find. Another is my best friend, the older brother I never had. Gale Hawthorne. Two years older than me, with dark hair and eyes that point out he is Seam, too. His father died in the same accident Dad did. His mother was able to recover from her depression and find a job, but in exchange he has three siblings (Rory, Vick and Posy), which means he has to hunt for five people. We met when I was twelve and hunting on my own. I had found a rabbit in one of his snares, and he thought I was going to steal it, but we became good partners very soon. Hunting and foraging was easier with a partner, and we divided everything we got in half. And then... there is Peeta Mellark. He is my age. His blond hair and blue eyes place him as a Merchant, just like Mom was before meeting Dad. His family has a bakery. His father, Mr Mellark, is one of the nicest people I have ever met, and he loves the taste of squirrel, so he is one of our clients, and I suspect that what he gives us as payment is far more than what the squirrel's are actually worth. How he married that witch that calls herself Mrs Mellark, I have no idea. Peeta also has two elder brothers, Marko and Rye. I have only seen them a few times, but they do have some fame, particularly Rye, who has won the wrestling tournament several times. The last time, though, I think he only won because Peeta let him. But there is more to Peeta than just those things. He is special. To me, at least. We have been in the same class since we were five. However, we hardly spoke to each other, as we each had our own circle of friends. Until five years ago, that is. Now, we do speak sometimes when we meet. That happens, mostly, when I am at the bakery to trade with Peeta's father and he is working there. However, we say little. It feels... unnecessary to share things aloud. Instead, we just look at each other. I do not know why, but one look into those hypnotizing blue eyes of his, one gesture, one shrug, tells me how he is. And then, he smiles, and I need to look away so that he does not see me blush, and to calm the strange feeling of butterflies in my stomach. And I always know if he is near. As if I can hear him, but without the sound. It just... happens. No matter where I am or what I am doing, I know. If I am at school, I know if he has arrived before or after me. At the canteen, I can pinpoint the exact moment in which he enters. I do not even need to knock on the door to know if he is working in the bakery or if he is at home. At first, it was confusing. Feeling that strange pull was something that really felt weird. I do not know why it happens, but I have a theory. I feel it because... he saved my life, twice over. I can still remember as if it had just happened. Dad had died a few months before. Mum just sat on the bed she had shared with Dad for years, and she was still catatonic. We had run out of the little money the Capitol had given us, and I was still five weeks away from being able to sign up for tesserae, which would have given us enough grain and oil for a year. We were down to drinking mint tea, and I knew we needed food. That was why I braved the trashcans behind the houses in the Merchant part of District 12. Anything I could find there that was eatable, I could still bring something out of it. When I went behind the bakery, I saw that their cans were empty, and that was when Mrs Mellark saw me. She shouted at me to stay away from their house, and then she came inside. I lost all hope, and decided to take refuge under an apple tree. I had surrendered already. I was actually hoping to die then and there, in the backyard of the bakery, because I knew I could not bear to go back home and see Prim and Mom waste away in front of me. Then, I heard a slap. Mrs Mellark shouted again. Even through the walls, I could hear her berate and insult someone for being a waste of space and for ruining some bread by throwing it into the fire, and then shouted to whomever had done that to go outside and throw the burned bread to the pigs. The back door opened, and that was the first time I really saw Peeta Mellark. He was carrying two large golden loaves of bread. I was hugging my knees, and my eyes were blurry from tears, but I could still see him walk towards me. I did not know why. When he was near, I looked up to him, and that was the first time I saw his blue eyes. His cheek was red, from the slap his mother had given him. He crouched next to me, and gave me a small, sad smile. "I know it's not a lot, but I hope it's enough," he said, and then, he carefully put the loaves (which were only just a bit black in some places, not as bad as Mrs Mellark had said) between my arms, so that they did not fall to the muddy ground. I was so surprised by his generosity, that I was unable to thank him before he left. I knew then what had happened. He had thrown the bread into the fire deliberately. He had risked being beaten by his mother. And all of that, just because he wanted to give me that bread. That was the first part of how Peeta Mellark, with his kind soul and his blue eyes, saved my life and that of my family. Those two loaves of bread were the first solid thing Mom, Prim and I had eaten in days, and it was all thanks to him. And every time I see a bread loaf, I remember how his reddened cheek showed what he had risked for me. The next day, at school, I tried to speak with him. I wanted to thank him for what he had done. But I was unable to do it. I felt so self-conscious that I could not even approach him. But then, he looked at me. His blue eyes looked into mine, and I could not look away until a few moments later, embarrassed. That was when I saw a dandelion. The first of the year. That made me think of the time I spent with my father in the woods, and I realized how I could provide for my family. I picked the dandelion, blew on it, and I looked again at Peeta. I thanked him in my mind. He only smiled, and I knew what he was trying to say. You are welcome. I did it for you. And I would do it again. That was how Peeta saved me a second time. That is why, when I think of Peeta, I also think of dandelions. They are hope. The hope that things can get better. As I became older, Peeta would often feature in my dreams. In some of them, we are together, near a wheat field, and the wind is blowing on the dandelions. He is lying on the ground, my head is on his shoulder and his arm is around me. We do not speak, but we just need to look at each other to tell each other everything we want to know. At least, that is what happens in those dreams. In other dreams,