PLOT Bunnies. Eversince I started reading fanfiction to fill in the void caused by the end of Harry Potter series, I am fascinated by the sheer number of new ideas and interpretations to various plot points. So I continued reading them. Most of the stories are terrible, some are good and a few are exceptional, ofcourse, from my point of view. After reading a few, some ideas began forming in my head and I too, wanted to write down those ideas. Like many, I too got struck by life and was unable to finish those stories. So instead of taking up the task of writing new ones I continued to read. As far as pairing is concerned, I am more lenient towards a proper Harry Potter- Fleur Delacour pairing. By proper, I mean those stories which treat Fleur as a Person, not just as plaything with only one obvious purpose. For me, Fleur is the classic heroine who is as beautiful a person as she looks. She is the best of her school, intelligent and capable enough to be a curse breaker, she is patient with the Weasleys. She is dedicated to Bill to go through all the bitterness of war eventhough she can easily go back to country and stay safe. She is loyal to Harry to volunteer for seven harry plot. She truly loves Bill beyond the physic. She doesn't care much for money. Everything about her impressed me. At her introduction in Goblet of fire, I didn't think much of her and when her character is displayed slowly, I did love her very much. And also she is very similar to Harry, that made me think them as a pair. Frankly speaking, I was happy with Bill and Fleur pairing that the best boy got the best girl. I mean Bill is described as caring, intelligent, smart, good looking, hard working, dedicated person. But he is not in the league with Harry. There are many Stories on Fluer where she is another multiple wife or Harry's nocturnal partner. I really hate those as they are purely objectifying her and highlighting only her body, not her character. Then there are Veela bond ones which are interesting at first and now are so many that irritate. Very few concentrate on her personality. Some may feel it weird pairing Harry to a witch three years younger I too thought the same, but as they grow up, the difference means nothing. I know many of the fics are Harmony based, and I like those stories where Harry is a equal partner to Hermione, not just an obedient puppy who revolves around her little finger. Enough said. Okay, so a few plot lines are moving around my head since a few days and I am putting them in writing so one day, they might turn into a full fledged story. It may or may not happen. But writing them down reduces some pressure on me. So here goes some plot lines. Plot 1: Another Harry travels back in time fic that is some what compliant with the canon except, it takes the elements from Across the time from izwan and some other fics involving next generation potters and time turners. Bill gets grately injured during the final battle and Fleur takes him to France to recuperate but he succumbs to his wounds and dies. Molly blames it on Fleur and removes her from the family. Harry get busy and Ginny becomes a pro chaser and they could not recreate their bond after what they faced during the war. She meets Viktor Krum again and they quickly marry. Harry gets dedicated to his work and rises in his ranks. Ron and Hermione always remained the odd pair and Hermione grows from legislation to magical research. Harry meets Fleur in party and becomes friends. Harry notices how lonely she is and makes time for her. Eventually, this grows more and more and upon Mr. Delacours suggestion, Harry Proposes to her which she initially declines. Harry gets depressed and goes recklessely into missions which greatly worries Fleur. When Appoline learns the reason for rejecting Harry as he is younger than her, she admonishes Fleur. She arranges a meeting with Harry and they both agree to marry. This ires Molly and Ginny which Harry cannot understand. George and Hermione takes Harry's side and Ron, Charlie takes Molly and Ginny side which escalates quickly forming an irreparable rift in their friendship. Harry and Fleur have two children, I name Fleurs fatehr as Auguste Delacour, James Auguste Potter. To every girl, her father is her hero eventhough she is married to a hero herself. The girl is Lily Gabrielle Potter, Fleur loves Gabrielle. Gabrielle is eight years younger than Fleur. Teddy and the Potters grow nicely. Harry progresses greatly in his career and kind of makes back with Ron. Ron and Hermione always have fights and Hermione and Ron have seperate rooms at the Potter's house to come when they have a fight. James becomes a prankster under George's guidance. Lily is a darling. Hermione discovers a rare time turner and keeps it at her room in Potter's house since she deems it safe. James discovers it. I am giving Harry more powers as auror fantastic. Due to regular and precise usage, Harry can do 5 charms wandlessly and silently with a mere gesture. 1. Summonig: He can summon people or objects easily to him. Can summon an 8 square yard granite slab from 50 feet away without breaking sweat. Is it too much. May be not. Summon a slab from behind a snooping criminal in a fight for his bidding or blocking the path of an unforgivable, yeah, pretty much 2. Banishing: The opposite of Summoning. He can banish the same slab 50 feet away. If one thing can happen, so does the other. 3. Levitation: He can levitate objects or people or levitate himself. Pretty useful in underwater scenarious. 4. Rapid Apparition: Harry wanted to obtain the partial corporal form of Death Eaters and the Snapes style of Apparition inside an Anti Apparition area, as seen in his fleet from Hogwarts, but instead got this. He can apparate and disapparate so rapidly that he can cause a F5 tornado of fire or a gaint concussive force before collapsing. Very useful when he was captured or overwhelmed. 5. Memory Morphing: He can layer memories or change them to suit him. Very useful to alter the memories of muggles who witnessed his fights. Yeah, so James gets the Time turner and starts playing with it. Seeing the danger his son is, Harry banishes James and lunges for the time turner when he activates it. He gets transported to 1982 stark naked, like in the terminator series and the time turner is destroyed in the process. He is also badly hurt that he is scarred beyond recognition. He is found by muggle military and heal him. He alters their memories and escapes. Not having an identity or wand, he is forced to survive by extreme hardwork. He could earn easily by stealing or illegal means, but he avoids it. He wants to go back to his family, but not knowing whom to contact and trust, he could not move forward on that front. So he concentrates on helping Harry and others so he could entirely avoid it. Also not to create a paradox, he decides to go muggle, for most part. He works hard and invests half of his earnings in companies he know to prosper. He starts a small fastfood centre trusting his culinary skills. There he is ambushed by street robbers working for big organisations and businessmen to work as a courier. He denies and fights them, strips them of their robbed money and alters their memories. He finds out the original owners of the extorted money and return it to them, only keeping a small fee. He likes this as this kind of job makes him feel alive. He takes up the name of Alexander Dove, Alexander for the conqueror and Dove for peace, so in short, the conqueror of Peace. He moves from thieves to robbers, to mobsters and gamblers. He grows to deal with little gangsters, brokers, drug dealers, human traffickers and evolves to power brokers and corporate mafia beating the evil guys to pulp and robbing them blind. He returns most of it and only keeps a small fee and completely morphs their memories to divert attention from him. This causes severe downfall in crime and criminals.. He buys himself a good house, car etc and flourishes in his business. One of his activities lead him to a drunken Auguste Delacour and by taking him back, they start a friendship. That friendship slowly grows. By 1986, he amasses as much as 160 million pounds in networth which impresses Auguste to forming business deals. Auguste Delacour runs wine business in muggle and magical worlds. He ambushes Vernon Dursley and buys young Harry for 10 million pounds and alters the memory as "him trying to drown Harry in Thames to reduce his burden only for Harry to be saved by an unknown man. When confronted by the said man, he lies that he is a broken man and not having enough money for his problems, is committing suicide along with his only son. The man in exchange has given him 10 million pounds and has taken to care for Harry" Vernon quickly goes back home, collects his family and things and leave the country for good. When the wards collapse, Dumbledore and others arrive to find the Dursleys gone and he learns from Figg that Vernon won some lottery and taken his family to settle abroad. Dumbledore tries in vain to find Dursleys bust since his monitors over Harry are running good, he in good faith believes the story. Harry is taken care off. Auguste has an evil habit of introducing persons he want to make big deals with to his wife, where under her allure, he can obtain the truth or any information that can be useful to him. Similarly, he takes Alexander to his house and Appoline finds Alex to be immune to her allure. So they get him drunk and ask for his story. Alex tells that he was a regular guy who loved his wife and children very much but a freakish accident separated him from them forever and scarred him for life. He misses them so much that he worked hard and dedicated all his time in business to get over them. Recently he found a boy in grave danger and adopted him as his son Henry Dove and now he has all his hopes on young Henry. Appoline reasons that the love for his family made him resistant to her allure and since in war torn Britain, freekish accidents are common,they accept his story. Not finding any evil intentions in Alex, Auguste decides to trust him. Appoline suggests he bring Henry to their house as only a woman can properly raise a child. Alex accepts and Henry (Harry Potter) joins the Delacours. As they do business in both the worlds, the Delacours knew how to hide each world from the other. As they believe Alex and Henry to be muggles, they go strict muggle friendly when in presence of the Doves. Henry likes Fleur and tiny Gabbrielle. They form good friendship. Alex leaves Henry with Appoline for most of the time and she adores Henry. She also likes her time with Alex as he is resistant to her allure and she can be free, only to hide here magical nature in front of him and since Alex is such a nice person he is well liked by her and the younger Delcaours. At first Fleur dislikes him due to his disfiguration which hurts Alex and later she begins to like him and learn more about the world. After she starts to Beauxbatons, she continues writing to Harry to improve