A/N: Hello all! I don't know what prompted me to write this story. It started out as wanting to dig into the lives of background HP characters and their lives separate from the golden trio…then it sort of took on a life of its own. I've planned for this story to cover a lot of ground – from the start of CoS through the end of the war and is going to be more than a slow burn but rather a look at a relationship through all phases. Also, aside from Hannah Abbott having an older sister, I'm sticking as close to canon as possible but there may be some inconsistencies that I miss etc. so apologies in advance! The rating is set to T for mild themes and language but I expect that will eventually change. All the chapters will also be titled after songs! So, anyway, without further ado here's the prologue and first chapter! Disclaimer – I don't own HP. I own everything you don't recognize as canon! Playing the Long Game Prologue and Chapter 1 - Change of Seasons A gust of wind blew across the lawn that sloped away from the castle towards the quidditch pitch. The gust blew at Caroline Abbott's face as she jogged across the lawn, her champagne blonde hair streaming behind her in a banner of wild curls. She stumbled along the slippery grass, destined for the pitch and the lone person she knew would be there. Caroline huffed slightly as she reached the bottom of the hill and then started in on the stairs that would take her to the stands. Higher and higher she climbed until at last she came out at one end of the pitch, closest to one set of the goal posts. A boy hovered in the air on a broomstick, flitting between the three hoops. He moved in a series of coordinated movements that made little sense to Caroline, but made perfect sense to him. Already he'd been out longer than he told her, a full hour and a half of unnecessary training but Caroline hadn't been able to talk him out of it. Cupping her hands to her mouth, she shouted his name. "Oliver!" He didn't acknowledge her call and she drew up her chest and yelled again, louder than before. "Oliver Wood!" Oliver halted midway through his exercise. Caroline waved for him to come down. He soared in a neat loop around the goalposts, descending to land lightly on his feet. At thirteen years old Oliver was already one of the tallest boys in their year and was on the verge of hitting another growth spurt. Caroline disliked that she had to look up to talk to him. "What's up?" He asked, bringing his broomstick to his side. "Exam scores are out." Oliver rolled his eyes. "You ran all the way out here for that?" Caroline bristled at his nonchalant behavior. Ever the perfect Ravenclaw, Caroline obsessed over her grades almost as much as her best friend obsessed over quidditch. Crossing her arms grumpily over her chest she raised an eyebrow. "Do you want to know how you did or not?" He sighed. "I get the feeling you're going to tell me anyway." "You'll be happy to know that you passed and in the top twenty percent." Oliver made a surprised face before he grinned at her. "Must be all those notes I borrowed from you." Caroline scowled and sat down next to him on one of the benches. "You mean stole." "Same difference," he replied waggling his eyebrows humorously at her. "Best friends share notes." "Then why haven't you ever shared before?" Caroline wondered. Oliver shrugged. "Why bother when yours are always better?" "You'd fail out of school without me," she cautioned. Chuckling, Oliver bumped her shoulder with his. "Nah, if all else fails I'll beg Percy for his stuff." Caroline made a face at the mention of Oliver's rule-abiding and incredibly pompous roommate. While she looked out over the school's pitch, a new thought came to her. "Did Charlie talk to you?" She asked of Gryffindor's quidditch captain, Charlie Weasley. Fresh excitement shone on Oliver's face. "Yeah, he said if I continue training through the summer that the starting slot is mine. Can you believe it! A third year, starting as keeper for Gryffindor." "Ollie that's so exciting!" She squealed. Almost immediately, Oliver's genuine veneer of excitement dropped only to be replaced by his recently acquired too-cool look. Caroline chalked up the sudden change in his behavior to his other three roommates aside from Percy. More than once Jacob Farrat, Ravi Delsham, and Peter Quimbly had teased Oliver about having a girl for a best friend. Despite Oliver and Caroline's protests that they'd been friends since they were seven, the three boys continued to rag Oliver about spending all of his time doing her hair or taking the quizzes out of Witch Weekly . Although Oliver swore up and down he wasn't affected in the slightest by their taunts Caroline had noticed that lately he seemed to be unusually quick to shut down any kind of friendly affection from her. "Please don't call me Ollie anymore. We're thirteen now, not eight." Raising her hands in mock defense, Caroline fell back on her normal defense mechanism. "Well excuse me Mr. Starting Line Player too cool for his best friend." "I didn't mean it like that." His annoyed groan only prickled her irritation more. "What are you moronic roommates saying this time?" Oliver eyed her cautiously, as though afraid of what she might say or do next. It was a reasonable fear, thought Caroline. Just because she and Oliver had been nearly inseparable since the age of seven didn't mean she wasn't above retaliation for his occasionally bad behavior. Once, when they were ten, Caroline pushed him in the pond behind their neighborhood after he laughed at her little sister Hannah for playing with her dolls. Now at the end of their second year, Oliver had been on the receiving end of multiple minor hexes and jinxes whenever he got on Caroline's bad side. When Caroline prodded him again for information he caved. "Jake and Pete started asking me whether or not I'd kissed you and when I said no they started laughing. Now every time they see me they make these stupid kissing noises." Caroline's face scrunched up in mild disgust. "Me? Kiss you?" "I know!" Exclaimed Oliver in agreement with her sarcasm. "I guess Holly Grisham kissed Jake last week or something and now that's all he wants to talk about it but its stupid. I don't see what the big deal is." "Me either. But everyone always makes it a whole thing." Oliver wrapped his hands around his broomstick handle and leaned forward, deep in thought. Caroline observed the way his dark brown eyes scanned the horizon. The sun started to sink over the forest in a blaze of beautiful color. In only two weeks she and Oliver would be back on the school train, bound for the small all-wizarding neighborhood where they'd grown up three houses apart. Already they'd talked excitedly about their plans to while away the summer days flying in the field behind their neighborhood and swimming in the pond there. Caroline liked to lay out on the deck of the small boathouse and let the sun dry her hair while Oliver tried to list off every quidditch foul he knew from memory. He broke the silence and her reverie. "You know, other than Percy I'm the last guy in my dorm that hasn't been kissed? Jake told me that even Pete got Annabeth to kiss him on a dare." "I think we do things differently in Ravenclaw. Nobody goes around talking about that stuff," she observed. "There seems to be a lot of pressure on that first one though." "Maybe it'd be better to just get the first one out of the way," he joked. Caroline sat up a little straighter, an idea coming to her. "That way when we do find someone we actually want to kiss the pressure's off!" Oliver scooted away from her a little bit. A knowing light came to his eyes. Having been the victim of Caroline's absent-minded ideas before, he knew when she was coming onto something she thought was brilliant. "You don't mean, kiss each other? No. No way. You're like my sister." "Don't be ridiculous, we're not related in the slightest and you yourself said it'd be nice to take the pressure off. It's not like I'm a hag or anything." Tilting his head to the side, Oliver considered her for a long moment. The wheels in his brain continually turned over the idea until at last he frowned. "It would just be this once." "Absolutely," Caroline agreed. "Just to get it over with." "Well, when you put it like that I guess it makes sense." He moved back to where he'd been sitting. Leaning his broomstick on the bench next to him, Oliver rotated his body to face Caroline. Their knees bumped together and she felt her cheeks heat up in anticipation of what they were about to do. Their eyes locked, Oliver's brown reflecting the anxiety in Caroline's stormy grey eyes. "So, okay, here we go." At the same time they inched towards each other. Caroline closed her eyes at the last possible second when they smashed their mouths together in a close-lipped kiss, the first for both of them. She'd read enough in magazines to know that she should be a little softer and so she tried to relax under the uncertain pressure of Oliver's mouth against hers. Kissing, it turned out, was not all that it was cracked up to be in her estimation. They pulled back hastily, both of them red in the face. "There. Now we can both say we've kissed someone and don't have to worry about it anymore. And let's never, ever do it again." Oliver nodded fervently. Bells chimed in the castle, signaling dinner. They stood at the same time bumping into each other. "C'mon, let's go down to dinner." He marched ahead, already spinning off down a new avenue of conversation, their kiss completely forgotten. Caroline paused and touched her fingers to her lips to hide her tiny smile. When he stopped and called out for her to hurry up, she jogged to reach him all while thinking that Oliver Wood would probably turn out to be a good kisser. Some day. Very far in the future. While kissing someone else. X X X Three Years Later… The sun was just barely rising over the tops of the trees that lined the small garden of a cozy house. Comprised of one story with a cozy upstairs room, the house contained several oddities common to all wizarding houses. The grandfather clock in the hallway accounted for the whereabouts of five people each with their own hand. At the moment two hands bearing the names 'Hiram' and 'Charlene' pointed to London, where three other names 'Helena, 'Caroline,' and 'Hannah' pointed to home. The main hallway split off once, going down to an addition to the house where a corner bedroom jutted out into the garden. Most of the room's floral wallpaper had been covered by posters and large collages of pictures taken through the years. A star chart took up a chunk of one of the walls, marking the movement of the planets while a royal blue and bronze banner hung over the corner of the dresser mirror. Textbooks, pieces of jewelry, makeup, and several half-finished sketches littered the top of the dresser along with a stack of folded laundry. More clothing scattered across the floor, spilling out of a steamer trunk, the top of which had been painted blue with a bronze eagle. A teenage girl slept in bed, most of the floral covers thrown away from her upper body as she slumbered peacefully, curled around her pillow. The