Disclaimer: I do not own anything HP related other than the weird fantasies I have in my head. JK has given us the magical plot, I am merely placing my own spin on things. Brief Preview: This takes place a little over 8 years since the end of the Second Wizarding War, Ginny and Harry married after Ginny turned 20 and having their first, James just a year later. Albus followed in about 2 years, she is now pregnant with their third, Lilly. George married Luna a little before and they had twins their first round, the twins (Newt and Fred) are now 3 and their youngest, Lysa is 6 months. Bill and Fleur have their three children, Victorie (7) Dominque (5) and Louis (2). As for Ron, Percy and Charlie they are busy with work and haven't settled down yet. Ron and Hermione tried at a relationship only to figure out they were much better friends. No hard feelings just an awkward drunken night of 'truth or dare' with their friends and family to bring out their deepest secrets. Damn veritiserum. Chapter 1: Pureblood Customs "Just go through it all, keep what you want and we'll donate the rest. I'm sure purebloods would be lining up for a Black Family heirloom." Ginny said balancing a box on her small bump. "NO! Gin! This is Sirius' stuff! We can't just… just…" Ginny came up beside the witch, and set the box down on the bed. "He's gone 'Mione, has been for 10 years. We can't hold onto his stuff." Ginny said softly "I still live here Gin, I don't mind it…" Hermione replied trying to keep her emotions at bay. It was still a sore subject for everyone. Talking about those they lost during the war; Fred, Remus, Tonks, Sirius… "I guess so… Well I'm tired, I'm going to find the boys and settle down for a nap. You do what you like with this room." Ginny said as she marched off leaving Hermione alone in Sirius' room. "It still smells like you, cigars and firewhiskey…" She inhaled, "And a bit of wet dog…" She snickered then looked up to find a small velvet box higher on the bookshelf than she had looked before. "Well hello you," She said floating the box down to her. She opened the box to reveal a beautiful onyx ring with a 'B' cut out of a diamond in the middle. It was absolutely breath taking with ancient runes scribed all along the sides along with tiny male lions. "Mutatio, cor meum, ligatum." Hermione was reading the runes slowly, "My you are full of spells, change of heart, no, just change. Heart… Bond? No, tied… Tethered?" Her mind was reeling with the new information of the ring. "I bet you change based on the first born heir, that's why there are small lions on the ring rather than snakes." Then she slipped the ring on her left ring finger and it magically sized itself to her finger. "Oh…" Hermione looked surprised at the ring and tried to take it off, only to find it stuck. "Oh great…" She gasped as she felt like the ground was vibrating or moving she suddenly appeared at the Department of Mysteries facing the same veil that took the man she was just thinking about. Only to be faced with the man himself looking as if he hadn't aged a day. "Hello kitten, have I missed much?" He smirked that signature Black smirk. Hermione gasped and fainted, Sirius was able to catch her in time before she hit the ground. "Not the way I intended getting you in my arms love, but no matter. Let's get you home shall we?" Sirius took Hermione's wand and apparated them directly into his childhood home into utter chaos. The Potter's were dashing madly from room to room looking for Hermione. Harry finally ran past Sirius' room to see two figures in it. Harry came in wand first to come face to face with his Godfather whom he hadn't seen in 10 years. "Harry son, could you get some water for Hermione? She's fainted and might be needing some when she wakes." He said as if he'd been having conversations with him for years. "Oh and some chocolate if you have any, chocolate always seems to do the trick." He smiled at his Godson then looked back towards Hermione to move a tendril of hair that was in her face. "Siri…Sirius?" Harry choked. "Oh right… Sorry son," He said standing to walk over to him. "Hello Harry." He said standing in front of him, just then Harry jumped and hugged Sirius with mirth he hadn't none existed. He was back. He had no idea how but he was back and he was real. "How did…?" Harry started "No time now, she'll be waking soon go get that chocolate and water and we'll figure it out later yes?" Harry nodded enthusiastically and ran to find what he needed along with Ginny. "Now kitten what have you done?" Sirius asked softly looking all along her body, he started to appreciate everything he was seeing, she had grown to be quite an exquisite looking woman. He wondering how long it had actually been. He searched his room to see any signs of a date. He found an alarm clock on his bedside that wasn't there before he left the date read, 'Oct 1, 2006' "10 years hmm poppet? That's quite some time, you'd be about 27 then?" He said to himself still looking at her, admiring all the new curves she had developed. "29," she whispered as her eyes fluttered open. "I'm sorry love? He asked softly taking her right hand and helping her sit up a bit "I'm 29, well just turned it at least." She said with a small smile "And how could that be kitten, you were born in '79" Hermione giggled a little then pulled a chain out from under her shirt. "Time-turner, the amount of times I've used it I've gained about 2 years" Sirius inhaled sharply as Harry entered the room again with water, chocolate and a very pale looking Ginny. "No way." She said softly. "Way love, Hermione…?" He asked softly, "How did you do it?" "Do what?" She asked with her mouth slightly full of chocolate. Harry and Ginny both sat on the bed with Sirius looking at the curly haired witch. "Bring him back, I didn't even know you were trying anything!" Harry exclaimed "Is that why you didn't want to get rid of any of his things? You knew you were going to bring him back?" Ginny asked taking her left hand As Ginny took her hand Hermione was about to speak when Sirius snatched her hand away from Ginny and gawked at the ring on her finger. "Where did you find this Hermione." He said deadly serious "I um… It was just there," She pointed at the now empty spot on the bookshelf Sirius let out a massive breath and inhaled deep and slowly taking both of Hermione's hands. He looked into her eyes to meet a flicker of sorts in her pupils. Hermione saw the same thing and gasped "Sirius! What… what was that!" "It seems as though we're bonded pet, or at least we've started the bond. Hence me returning from the dead." "You can't mean…" She let his hands go and stared at the ring that had now changed slightly, a new rune was inscribed along with two female lions tangled with the male lions on either side of the ring. "Fer… Fertility?" She stammered. "There needs to be a new heir one day love…" He sighed. "Okay dammit, what the hell is going on!" Harry said clearly not keeping up. "Their married Harry." Ginny stated softly, with almost a gasp "Not legally… But by pureblood laws and customs, we've started the marital bond." Sirius said a little darker than he intended. He jumped up and started to pace the room. Not being good enough on two feet he quickly changed to Padfoot and prowled along the floor. "I don't get it, she put the ring on and became the future Mrs. Black? And doing so brought Sirius back from the dead? But how?" Harry said still processing the info. "I'm not sure Harry but I think we need to talk with another pureblood family who understands marriage customs." Hermione said thinking following Padfoot along the floor. "Mum and Dad had a traditional pureblood wedding, maybe they can shed some light on it?" Ginny suggested. "That's a good idea, let's go visit. Padfoot?" Hermione asked watching the large black dog perk up at her question. "I think it might be best you stay like that until we warn them yeah? Don't want to give Molly or Arthur a heart attack…" Padfoot jumped up onto the bed at Hermione's side and nuzzled her stomach laying his head in her lap for her to pet his head. "Just because you can change into a soft fluffy dog doesn't mean you can abuse the privilege. Bonded or not you will sleep in your own bed, not with me… For the time being at least." Padfoot let out a snort then proceeded to wiggle to lay on his back, stretching his long body along the bed. Claiming it, as it was rightfully his bed after all. "Oh… Right… I'm in your bed…" She snickered. This earned a heavy tail wag and Padfoot nosed under the covers touching Hermione's bare legs along the way in with his cold wet nose. Hermione was giggling and slapping at the dog for him to come out which he did and changed back into Sirius. "Sorry love, you smelled amazing and you were in my bed after all…" He smirked Harry and Ginny laughed at how bright red Hermione's face had gotten as she hopped out of the bed and headed towards the bathroom. "I'm going to get changed, we'll leave in 10 minutes. Ginny why don't you let your parents know we're coming." The girls left, leaving Harry and his Godfather alone in the room. "I've missed you Sirius." Harry said not yet looking at the man "I would say I have too, but for me it has only been a second since I've last seen you." "So you haven't aged then?" "I don't think so, 36 for 10 years. Not too terrible ey?" "Well at least the age difference isn't so significant, 9 years isn't so bad." "7." Sirius stated "Oh… right I keep forgetting her damn time turner. I wish she hadn't used it so much…" "Face it Harry, she's always been a bit older than you lot." Sirius said laughing a bit "You're not kidding." Harry said stepping towards Sirius and pulling him in for a hug. "I can't wait for you to meet my boys, they are going to love their Uncle Sirius!" Harry said stepping away quickly to gather James and Al to head over to the Burrow. Harry popped his head back into Sirius' room "Welcome home Sirius." Harry said softly, then turned again to get the kids. The five of them showed up at the Burrow, Sirius in Padfoot form as promised. Molly had just made lunch and everyone sat down to eat. After their stomachs were satisfied and the boys had been laid down for a nap Molly started the conversation. "Now as much as I love a random visit from my children and grandchildren, what brought this on?" She asked sweetly "Molly… How much do you know about pureblood um… Marriage customs?" Hermione asked "Oh um… Are you thinking of dating one dear?" She asked a bit confused "Oh um… Sort of? You see, at the house we were clearing out some things for Harry and Ginny's move. We were in Sirius' room and I found a ring…" Arthur's eyes went wide and looked directly at her finger then to Molly who