It was a pleasant day on the quiet streets of Calico, Oklahoma. Raelynn McCormick was driving down Chestnut Street to go get some lunch. Her mind wandered a little as she cruised down the street, and she studied the houses she passed with the eyes of an artist. A modern-day gypsy of sorts, Rae, as she liked to be called, had never set down roots, moving every three or four years to a new little town and a new state, or whenever the urge to move hit her. So far, Calico had been one of her favorite little towns, and she pondered the town's unique charm. You can reach almost everything off of Chestnut. The main grocer is off of Chestnut. The best automotive repair shop is off of Chestnut. All my favorite restaurants are off of Chestnut. There are some pretty, quaint homes off of Chestnut… That is where Rae's musing stopped, because apparently, you could also get hit by a car while you were on Chestnut. Her poor, beat up little Chevy Corsica stood no chance against the Dodge Ram that ran the stop sign and plowed into its right side. Rae only knew an instant of fear before all conscious thought was snuffed out when she slammed into the light pole on the opposing corner. Darkness. It was all she knew. Darkness with a sinister hint of danger coursing through the stuffy air. Am I dead? She wondered, struggling to open her eyes. A piercing shriek, one with which she was strangely familiar, pierced the air, then a rhythmic thudding shook the ground beneath her. Voices. She heard voices…tones she recognized but she wasn't sure why. Then the feel of strong arms wrapping around her and she was lifted. Her head lolled against a muscular chest that smelled…wild. Like wild things, animals and herbs and crisp, sharp clear air. Then she knew nothing as the one that was holding her ran. Rae came back to the land of the conscious with a hacking cough, instantly reaching a hand to her aching skull as she shoved her other hand into the dirt to sit up. Then she froze, her eyes shooting open and looking down when she realized that something…just wasn't right. Dirt? I was in my car…I got hit…wait. Her hand shot to her belt, reaching for the cell phone…that was mysteriously absent. Then the next epitome struck. She wasn't wearing her normal clothes anymore. "WHAT THE HELL!" She shrieked, launching herself to her feet despite her pounding headache and aching muscles. She looked down, both shocked and mortified to see that she was wearing clothing that was far more fitting for the peasantry of medieval times than anything. Instantly her eyes narrowed, two blazing gray orbs of near maniacal rage as she looked for the culprit. Or rather, culprits, when her eyes fell on them. Sitting about ten feet away, four shocked little Hobbits stared at her. She took one step, completely intending to beat the slag out of them, when her mind suddenly caught up with her rage. Wait…HOBBITS? Like as in the Lord of the Rings? Too shocked to even think, she stared at them, jaw on the ground, as they looked at her, then each other, then back. Then one looked over her shoulder and called out to some currently unseen individuals. "Hey! The good lady is awake! She looks a mite shaky on her feet though. I think some good food and stout drink would do her well!" Frozen to the spot where she stood, she felt her breath freeze when a deep, confident voice spoke from right behind her. "Well, have you offered her anything, Sam? She might do better if you actually spoke to her." She recognized that voice. Then he walked around her to face her, and she realized that she knew his face. He smiled pleasantly and extended a hand, then spoke to her. "Hello, I'm…" And that was as far as he got, before she breathed his name in a tone filled with shock, anxiety, and no small amount of terror. "Aragorn. The Hobbits call you Strider." To say silence fell was an understatement. Aragorn's hand fell to his side as an expression of surprise crossed his rugged features, then another voice spoke from behind her, and she recognized it as well. "The good lady knows you, Aragorn? You did not tell me that you remembered her." He came to face her as well, and she swallowed hard before speaking hoarsely. "And you are Legolas, a Prince of the Woodland Realm. You're the legendary Elven archer of the Fellowship of the Ring." Now they all looked incredibly suspicious, and before she could stop herself, Rae looked to each individual and named them all. "Frodo Baggins, Samwise Gamgee, Peregrin Took, Meriadoc Brandybuck, Gandalf the Gray, Gimli, and Boromir. The Fellowship of the Ring." Before anyone could say anything else, Rae then did the only thing left for any self-respecting woman to do. She fainted. Rae came back to the realm of the living to an utterly black sky so filled with stars that she had to blink and look twice just to make sure she wasn't imagining things. She wasn't. Then she became aware of the urgent whisper of voices nearby, voices that went silent the moment she shifted and sat up, dropping her head on her knees with a muffled groan. Still in Middle-earth. This cannot bode well for whatever happened to me in the real world, she thought sourly as a quiet presence came to her side. She opened one eye to stare at her visitor, not surprised that it was Legolas, considering the quiet with which he had approached. Seeing her glittering eye fixed on him, he seemed to think for a moment before speaking. "Are you in any pain?" It was a fair question. And unfortunately her answer was to be yes. She felt like she had been hit by a truck. Then she snorted internally at the irony of her comparison. "My head hurts. So does my body. But I do believe I know why." Rae's voice, which had been shaky and filled with fear earlier, was calm and steady now. She never had much been one for drama; her theatrics from earlier had tired her immensely. "Any explanation you could give would be greatly appreciated, as well as how you know who we all are when none of us have ever met you." To the surprise of all present, including herself, Rae threw her head back and laughed heartily, shaking her head at just how strange the entire situation was. "Oh, I could certainly try and explain, but I highly doubt that any of you will believe the strange story of how I got here and how I know you." Legolas touched his fingers to her elbow, gently coaxing her closer to the fire where the rest of the Fellowship was gathered. "We will gladly listen either way, good lady. Do you have a name?" She made her way forward, feeling very much like an intruder as she sat uneasily next to Aragorn, then Legolas gracefully sat on her other side. "My name is Rae. Raelynn McCormick, to give my full title. And my story is really a strange one, but I suppose the easiest place for me to start is how I got here. This place…Middle-earth, all the realms that make up this world…is not real, at least, not where I come from. Where I come from, you all do not exist. This world, and all of you with it, were made up, a series of books written by a famous author long before I was even born. The only reason I'm here…is because I had an accident. I don't know how bad because I haven't…woken up since it happened. My best guess is that I'm in a coma back in my world and this is where my mind chose to come until my body can recover enough that I'll wake back up. Always been a fan of the fantastic and extraordinary places that writers can come up with…it makes sense my mind would go somewhere I love. And that's how I know all of your names…you are all characters in those books I've read, and in the movies that were made based off the books. But hey, I suppose I'm lucky overall. A coma is better than being dead." Rae was surprised at how quiet they all were as she spoke, telling them a story that had to be as fantastic to their ears as her showing up in their world was to her. She didn't want to see the disbelief and suspicion in their eyes but decided to risk it, so she raised her gaze and found herself staring at Gandalf first. The old wizard was staring at her, his gaze as piercing as knives, but she didn't flinch or look away, knowing that his analysis of her words and her emotions would determine whether or not the group as a whole believed what she had said. "Gandalf? Does the lady speak true?" It was one of the Hobbits, Frodo, that spoke, but Rae kept her gaze on the wizard. She saw a muscle twitch in his jaw as his eyes narrowed slightly, and finally, she looked away. As the wizard answered the Hobbit, a slight sound reached her ear, and she turned her head to cast an uneasy glance over her shoulder. "She…speaks as truthfully as she knows. There is no deception or lie in her eyes, her words, or her thoughts. As strange as it sounds for us…she speaks the truth as she knows it." The wizard's words barely reached her ears as a movement caught her attention, making her turn to face it so that both of her eyes were staring into the dark. Looks canine. Too small to be one of those hellish wargs…wolf, maybe. She thought as eyes flashed at her from the dark before the owner crept slightly closer. Unaware of her own movement, she slowly came to her feet, pivoting fully to face the danger as Legolas and Aragorn both turned to stare at what she was looking at. Rae had grown up on a ranch and had been forced to dispatch coyotes, badgers, raccoons, even bears on several occasions to protect livestock and her family. Her father had taught her to not always rely on a gun to save her, and had taught her how to fight close quarters with various sized knives, as well as a blade that would qualify as a short sword. Oh I wish I had that blade now, she thought as the beast charged. Legolas came to his feet and went for his bow, but Rae leaped forward, meeting the beast head-on. Paws with sharp claws struck her chest as a mouth full of sharp white teeth went for her throat, but Rae was ready. She closed her hands around its muzzle, twisting sharply to the side as it yelped in pained surprise when its neck was turned to a painful angle. The momentum from the beast's charge and Rae's turn sent them both into the dirt, and they rolled several times as it spit and snarled and clawed, trying to get its jaws loose from her hands so it could bite her. Knowing she wouldn't be able to do anything besides hold the creature, Rae twisted, rolling back towards the fire where she could see the light glinting off of a drawn arrow on Legolas's bow. She took a gamble, rolling sharply to her feet and dragging the beast with her before twisting once more and throwing it away from her. It hit the ground with a grunt, regaining its feet and charging again. But Legolas had already fired. The arrow fell with a thud, and the beast staggered before moving a few steps closer, then its legs shook and it fell on its side,