The Truth is Inevitable I wasn't supposed to know the truth, or at least not until I was several years older. Twelve-year-olds are meant to be shielded from anything questionable or controversial. That was the case for me until a few months after my birthday. But when I look back at the incident with more knowledge and insight eight years later, I realize that nothing my parents could have done to protect me would work. All of their attempts would end up futile no matter what. I guess censorship isn't as successful as they say. There's at least one moment in your life when you think that everything's going to go the way you expect, but then, one thing sends it in the opposite direction, nothing that could have been foreseeable. When I was a child and early adolescent, I never questioned anything my family did, nor did I suspect anything odd about my environment in District 11. Even if I wondered about things, I just kept them to myself and accepted them for the way they were. My life was simple to say the least. That moment happened to me one Sunday, when I went to my grandparents' house. I remember the day I was over there more clearly than any other childhood memory. It was the one event that catalyzed my transition into adulthood. I think about how if circumstances were different, I might not have made the discovery which changed my life and led me to doubt things. But as I said before, I would've found out anyways. It was the very end of spring, and school would be ending in a matter of weeks. I remember going to the house with my older sister, Carissa. She was a serious and hardworking girl whom I looked up to. She always obeyed our parents and never talked back to them. I tried to follow in her footsteps, but I felt like there was a piece missing in the puzzle, something that I couldn't put into words. Looking back at it, I'm beginning to think that it was wisdom. Three more years of life than I had, several more experiences than I could imagine at the time. While I wanted things to be simple, I also wanted to have the same knowledge that Carissa did. When we finally arrived at the house, she knocked on the door. The person to open it wasn't who we expected at all: it was our cousin, Marcus. From what experience I had with him, he was always cynical and sarcastic around me, never failing to say a negative comment under his breath, if even that. While I knew when to hold my tongue, he would say whatever was on his mind. He was about the same age as Carissa, but he always claimed to "know best", considering himself superior even to her. Marcus was someone I tried to ignore. Unfortunately, incidences like these were inevitable, and I would have to spend time with him. A smirk formed on Marcus's face, and he led us inside the house. His cocky attitude about everything bothered me. I wished that it was just Carissa and I. We went into the small family room, where my grandparents sat. I had an interesting relationship with them, needless to say. This was one of those days when my grandma was more detached than usual. She didn't look up until Marcus called her name. I looked over at my sister, wondering what was going on. All she did was put a hand on my shoulder and whisper, "try to understand". That's what my parents always said: give them a chance, don't be too hard on them. My grandpa was asleep on his lounge chair and barely moved a muscle, minus his deep breathing. His pipe was set on the side table. At least I wouldn't have to deal with him today. Whatever words we did exchange, it was extremely uncomfortable for me, and I wanted to get out of the situation as quickly as possible. He was a sullen and laconic man who kind of scared me. The most common phrase in his conversations with me wasn't even a word; it was a grunt or an "uh-huh". I wasn't exactly sure what his deal was. Little did I know what my grandparents had been through that led them to become the way they were. I looked back at my grandma and tentatively came a little closer to her. Close up, I could see that her dark eyes were glassy, as if she had cried for a while. Her brittle legs shook, and it looked like they couldn't stop. Carissa went over to her. She gave her veiny hand a squeeze and said hello. My grandma made friendly small talk with my sister. Carissa was good at that kind of stuff, while I was more on the timid side. She pulled away and tapped my shoulder. I got the message. I took my grandmother's hand and squeezed it, just like Carissa did. It was frigid— ice cold. "Hello, Grandma," I said. A weak smile formed on her face. "Adelaide," she whispered. I didn't really like to be called Adelaide, but I wasn't going to correct my grandmother. I tried to smile back, and I kissed her on the cheek. Before she could say anything, Marcus intercepted. "Before you guys came, I was cleaning out the basement. Wanna help?" I knew he wasn't asking, rather, he was telling us to help him. And I could tell that he didn't like it one bit. Nevertheless, we followed him downstairs. I had only been in my grandparents' basement once or twice, but when they were unresponsive, Carissa and I would help around the house in several ways. Usually, we swept or mopped, just the generic house tasks. Only on rare occasions did we work in the basement. When we were out of sight from our grandparents, closing the basement door behind us, Carissa raised an eyebrow at Marcus. I knew what kind of person she was, one who would always express concern during shady situations. "Did she seriously make you go down there?" she hissed. "Yeah." He shrugged his shoulders and headed over to this major patch of dust farther away from the entrance. He picked up the broom lying on the wall and started to sweep. "So…" Carissa asked, "What should we do?" "There's some sponges over to the right," he groaned. We went over and got them, starting on the cold concrete. The texture of the floor made me cringe, and it hurt my ears when the sponge rubbed against it. Fortunately for me, the task wasn't as tedious as I thought it would be. The room was dead with silence, though. No one made a peep. We were all focused on our tasks that it was shocking when we heard a faint noise. It was quiet, but it was still audible. I jumped, and when I turned around, I saw a photograph a few feet away from the shelf, near where Marcus was standing. "Sorry," he said sheepishly, returning back to his sweeping. Carissa started washing again, but I was more focused on the photograph. My family didn't take too many pictures, but we had an album from when Carissa and I were little, spanning over several years. They intrigued me. I wasn't exactly sure why, but I guess anything from the past interests me. I ran over to the left side of the room to get a better look at the photograph. I picked it up from the floor and saw a girl about my age sitting in a tree, presumably in one of the orchards. She had thick, curly, brown hair. Her eyes had a youthful look in them, but at the same time, she looked somewhat afraid. Her skin was light brown, a few shades lighter than my own. I tapped my cousin's shoulder. "Who's the girl in the picture?" I asked him. He looked at me like I was ignorant. "Rue…who else would it be?" Once he said "Rue", Carissa whipped her head over towards us and looked nothing but shocked. "Marcus!" she snapped. "What?" he said in that nonchalant, smug tone of voice that annoyed me to no end. "She doesn't know who that is!" This was the moment to pipe up and find out what was going on. "Who's Rue?" I asked. "She's no one," Carissa replied dismissively, "It's not important. Marcus shouldn't have said that." She enunciated the word "Marcus". "Wait, your parents never told you—" "Just…stop talking about it. Okay, Marcus? Put the picture back." I could hear him mutter "fine". We went back to complete silence for the next hour or so. A knot formed in my stomach, and I knew there was something off. It was the kind of tension I felt after my parents had an argument, when I wasn't sure whether they had made up or not. This anxiety lasted more than twice as long, though. When Carissa and I finally left the house, she didn't mutter a word to me. The goodbyes with our grandma—our grandpa was still asleep—were rushed. I could tell that my sister wanted to get out of there. Usually, it was the other way around; I was the one in her situation. Her pace was hurried. I could hear her heavy breathing as we stepped onto the road bisecting a patch of trees. This made me think of Rue. I had so many questions about her. I looked over at Carissa. She didn't show a trace of a smile, and she cleared her throat. I knew she did that when she was irritated. But I had to find out what was going on. It was now or never, and even if she did get annoyed with me, I would have an answer. Generally, I wouldn't have been too concerned about it, but this had happened on more than one occasion. Sometimes, my family would talk about something that I didn't comprehend, using confusing terms, thinking that I couldn't hear them. I thought over what I would say and let the words fall out of my mouth. "Carissa?" I began, "Could you please tell me who this Rue girl is?" Somewhat convincing—I believed so—but I didn't think my sister bought into it. She sighed, frowned at me, and replied, "I told you she wasn't important. Back at the house, remember?" "Then why did you get so upset when Marcus said her name?" "Why are you doing this, Addy? Why can't you be agreeable? You're never like this. For the last time, forget that she was ever brought up!" She stormed off, turning to the right and heading towards the road leading to our house, perpendicular to the tree patch road. This had gone too far. I ran up to her, grabbing her arm. "No! You're hiding something from me, and I don't like it! I hear Mom and Dad's whispers. I'm not as stupid as you think!" Carissa's eyes bulged in their sockets, and I was half convinced that they would pop out of her head. I shocked myself, too. I had never talked back to my older sister, not recently. I heard her shriek in frustration. "Let go of my arm," she growled. I didn't budge, and neither did she. Eventually, she said, "If you let go, I'll explain things to you." "Really?" I questioned. Why should I have believed her? She hesitantly nodded her head. I released my grip, the blood pumping through my hand again. "Here's the deal. If I tell you, you have to promise not to mention this to anyone." "Okay." She led me into the grass, moving under an apple tree. There were a few people out in the field that day, but they were interspersed and out of earshot. Despite this, Carissa lowered her voice and came closer to me. She paused, uncertain of what to say. She