I wish I owned these characters, but I am grateful JKR allows us to play with them. Ron dusted the soot from his orange shirt as he stepped through the floo into the living room. He still wasn't used to how quiet their home was now that both Rose and Hugo were at Hogwarts. It had been weird when Rose left for school, but Hugo was such a whirlwind of energy that the house couldn't feel empty with him in it. Now with them both gone, it was just strange to be in the quiet. Parents are forced to learn to distrust silence when the children are young. He'd learned the silence problem the hard way years ago. He and Hermione had been watching Al while Harry and Ginny were home with a sick James. Rose and Al had to have been only 2 or 3, and he and Hermione were smugly congratulating themselves about watching the two children without total chaos erupting in their home as it always seemed to at the Potters. The kids were quietly playing in the other room while the two adults ate dinner, and every now and then they would pop back in asking for more milk. Finally, thinking she was being cute, Hermione asked, "where are you two putting all of this milk? You two will have such strong bones!" When Rose innocently answered, "we're not spitting it in your room, don't worry!" he and Hermione had flown into the living room to discover their entire house was covered in spit up milk. And, true to Rose's word, they hadn't reached the master bedroom yet. But, the rest of the evening was spent sourgifying milk off of every surface in the house from carpets to books to sofas. And, despite the power of magic, there had been a lingering sour milk smell for weeks. Ever since, then, Ron had learned to feel distrustful of silence at home. But now he was trying to learn to love it again. To see at as a place where he and Hermione got to start a new chapter of their lives. He missed the kids terribly, but for years their lives had been nothing but chasing chaos. Between his job as an auror, Hermione's high level position at the ministry, having two kids and the never ending pestering from the press to check up on the war heroes who fell in love, their life was a bit of a hamster chase. Having grown up at The Burrow, chaos was familiar. But, he finally felt like he and Hermione were getting a chance to do things they had always wanted to do, as well as just enjoy each other again. He'd retired from the aurors in August. It was time, and this allowed them to take a long family vacation before the kids went to school in September. He'd finally taken George up on the offer to be a partner at WWW. While he'd helped George get the shop open just after the way, and pitched in over the years – especially helping with the security line of products they'd come up with, he'd never been as involved as he was now. And, Merlin, was he having fun. He'd forgotten how fun work could be. It reminded him of his early days on the force when he and Harry were partners. They had a great time chasing down escaped Death Eaters and solving crimes. But, over the years, he'd become disgruntled by the ever-growing mounds of paper world and regulations that seemed to dominate the work. That combined with the fact that his body just didn't respond the way now that it had done 20 years ago when he'd been a young auror. It was harder to sprint after a suspect or dodge curses like he once had. Harry had faced the same issue, but had risen up the ranks at the MLE. Ron could have done the same, or even taught at the academy, but he was bored and ready for a different challenge. It was time to meet new people and solve some new problems. Having this new career at the same time as a newly child-free house had been strange, and they were both still getting used to it. It was only mid-October, and Hugo had only left for his first year of Hogwarts about 6 weeks ago. Hermione had cried for an entire day after they dropped the children off at Kings Cross. She'd said she had a migraine and couldn't go to work the next day, but Ron knew she hadn't had a migraine. She wasn't squinting her right eye like she did when she really had one. No, that September 2nd she had simply pulled the covers up over her head and not gotten out of bed. Ron was a bit worried about her, actually. And, to be honest, he was a bit surprised at Hermione's reaction to their newly-emptied nest. Not that she wasn't an amazing mum – she was. But, she was never one of those mum's whose identity seemed to be wrapped up in their children. Unlike his own mum, Hermione had challenging job outside of the home as well. She had never learned to cook, so she didn't spend the afternoon preparing food as a way to shower her kids with love. And, she had never been one of those super-affectionate mums. She never seemed comfortable playing pretend with the kids, or living in the total chaos of plastic toys that happens when there is someone under the age of ten living in the house. She got frustrated stepping on legos in the middle of the night and was totally unraveled when some last minute kid catastrophe forced a change in her well thought out plans. But she did love her children fiercely. Like a mama lion or something. She was so fascinated by who her own kids were and were becoming. She wanted them to see and experience all sorts of things, to hear what they thought about events in the world – both muggle and magical, and she wanted them to be comfortable in their own skin. Ron had thought this type of mothering would translate well to the distance between home and Hogwarts, but now he wasn't sure. Hermione also seemed aggravated with work. She had a high level position, and had to work long hours, but he never saw her passionate about it anymore. She didn't bring papers home to work on late into the night. And she didn't talk much about the various injustices she had discovered and was trying to right. But the thing that seemed like the biggest red flag was that she didn't seem to be reading books anymore. For a while he'd assumed that she'd gotten a muggle electronic reading device and that's why there was a shortage of books. But then he realized that she hadn't. All she was doing her that electronic rectangle was chatting with her parents. He hadn't really been too concerned until he found her flipping through a stack of magazines she never would have been caught dead with before – the terrible magazines sold in grocery stores that used to feature their pictures with ridiculous headlines like "They may have started as a Trio, but Cupid's Arrow Only Hit These Two!" or "Golden Couple's Wedding: The Caterer's Inside Scoop". He kicked his shoes off by the fireplace, and called out for Hermione, but got no response. "Love, I'm home!" he called as he headed up the stairs to change out of his WWW garish orange shirt. It was quiet upstairs as well, but he could see Hermione's work robes were hung up and her shoes placed neatly back on the rack in their closet. He threw on a clean shirt and headed out of their bedroom. Poking his head in both of the kids' empty bedrooms to be sure she wasn't laying down on one of their beds like he had found her doing the week after they left, he headed back downstairs. He poked his head into the library, but it was empty, and then went to the kitchen to make some tea figuring she must have run out to do some errands after work. As he filled the kettle, he finally saw her hair through the window. She was sitting out on their screened in porch on an old rocking chair, wrapped up in his old Chudley Cannons blanket just watching the backyard. He made two cups of tea, and headed out to join her. "Hi," he said quietly as he stepped out on the porch. "How was your day?" he asked as he kissed the top of her head and handed her the tea. "Hi," she said quietly. "It was alright I suppose. How was the shop?" "It was good. Not too many customers today, but I got to do a lot of work on the security contracts we're proposing, so that was good." They sat quietly for a while and just drank their tea. It was a comfortable silence, the kind that takes decades to develop. She finally sighed and put her mug back on the table, pulling the blanket tighter around her shoulders. "Are you alright, love?" Ron asked. "You haven't seemed yourself lately, and I just, well, I worry about you I suppose." Hermione didn't speak for a bit, but watching the way she chewed her bottom lip, he knew she wasn't ok. And even before her eyes turned wet and red, he knew she was on the verge of tears. After a few minutes of silence, Hermione finally took a deep breath and asked, "Do you remember the birds' nest we found on this porch last spring?" Caught slightly off guard by her response, Ron simply cocked his head and said, "The wrens who built the nest in the watering can on the porch?" "Those are the ones," she replied. Ron recalled how excited Rose had been when she discovered the wrens building the nest over the Easter holiday. The adult wrens snuck under this small crack between the screen door and the ground. Even something the size of a robin couldn't have fit there. Those tiny birds spent weeks stuffing this watering can full of leaves, straw, fluff, twigs and everything else they could find to make this nest. It was a brilliant location, actually. It was totally protected from the rain, from wind and from the neighbors' cats. Then the birds had hatched, and they'd watched the little birds leave the nest and learn to fly before disappearing into the back yard. Unsure of where Hermione was going with this, he simply sipped his tea and waited for her to continue. "I remember the day the baby birds came out of the watering can. They were learning to fly, and they kept flopping around the porch flying from screen to screen. Four of them figured out how to follow their parents under the door and get out, but the one little bird couldn't seem to figure it out. I watched that bird for hours. She flew from screen to screen, frantically trying to figure out how to do what the others had done. I felt so badly for her, you know. It must have been terrifying at first – feeling like you'd been abandoned. Or maybe she felt like she wasn't smart enough to figure it out. Here this little bird had done everything she thought she should do, but somehow the world she could see – the world her family was in – she just couldn't get there. It went on for hours, you know. I realized I wanted to go out on the porch and leave a little trail of bugs and seeds just so she could follow it to the door. Her poor mum kept flying back in and out to show her what to do and bring her bits of