Preamble: This is an AU story that is canon in every way except one gigantic one – Hermione never received her Hogwarts letter as a child and never learned she was a witch. I wanted to explore another way to still get them all to the canon ending in the epilogue – and to see where things went from there. Sometimes we reach our happily-ever-after's in ways we would never expect. I adore Ron & Hermione and wanted to watch them find their way to each other in these very different circumstances. Be forewarned – this is a long, multi-chapter fanfic full of the slow burn. I love dialogue and watching these two try to work things out despite misunderstandings, missed chances and ridiculous obstacles. Tight and succinct this is not. It is M for later chapters. I don't own Harry Potter, of course– but I am grateful we get to play with JK Rowling's incredible characters. I hope you enjoy the story, and I would love to hear your feedback, reviews, questions and hopes for this story…. Chapter 1: November 2004 –Dennis and Fiona's Wedding Hermione sat with her mum at a table on the outer edge of the wedding reception. She had kicked her heels off under the table and was trying to discretely rub the spot on her left foot that was screaming at her for wearing such impractical shoes. Her dad had gotten up to find a scotch. Seeing Mrs. Creevey walking over to the table, she slipped the shoes back on and got up to give her a hug. "Thank you so much for coming today, Hermione! I know you are about to start on your own great adventure, but it means so much that you were here today," Mrs. Creevey said. "Of course! I wouldn't have missed seeing Dennis get married for anything in the world. You know that." "Well, yes – I suppose I do, but that doesn't mean I take it for granted." "Oh Janie, it was simply lovely. I am so happy for Dennis. I know he's all grown up, but I can't help but look at him and see that little boy who took apart his changing table when he was only 3 years old!" "Thanks, Jean. I am so proud of who he has grown up to be. And Fiona is such a good partner for him," and then she paused, "but I do miss Collin today." "Oh, Janie. We are all missing him," her mum said getting up from her chair to hug her friend. "But he's here in spirit today. You know he is." "Oh, I know it. I feel him often – not just today. I guess I just haven't seen all of his school chums together at once like this since the funeral, and they've all grown up, but Collin will forever be a teenager in my mind." Hermione watched the women embracing and felt nothing but gratitude that her mum had such a precious friend. It made it a lot easier for her to feel comfortable leaving the country for a few years knowing Mrs. Creevey would be there if her mum needed anything. "Hermione, dear, you should go meet some of Dennis and Collin's school friends. I think you might be the only young person here who didn't head off to Scotland for boarding school." "I will in a bit, thanks." The two older women fell in to comfortable chatter laughing about some of the outfits people wore to the wedding. Hermione had to agree that this Scottish boarding school crowd did seem to a have a particularly peculiar sense of style. It wasn't that any one thing was off about it, it just didn't seem to all come together quite right. Usually that sort of slightly stuffy and odd style seemed to be relegated to great aunts, but here is seemed to be almost everyone. With one or two notable exceptions. Hermione had noticed three people laughing at a table across the room. The three seemed to be good friends – a dark haired boy, a girl about Hermione's age with long red hair, and a very tall, exceedingly fit ginger haired bloke. She thought from the body language that the dark haired boy and redheaded girl were together, but the other boy seemed equally comfortable with both. Maybe he was related to the girl? Hermione wasn't quite sure. She remembered seeing the same three people at Collin's funeral. A lot of that time seemed a bit hazy, and many of Collin's friends were injured in the same accident so they looked like a rather rough lot at the memorial. But, she definitely remembered seeing the tall ginger boy. He had looked so haunted that day. In fact she was so worried about him that she remembered asking Dennis if he was alright. Dennis had simply said he'd lost a brother in the same accident and had been very involved in trying to help during all of the chaos. There was something about him that once again captivated Hermione. As she watched the trio, she noticed Dennis and his new wife Fiona walk over to them. As they all greeted each other, Dennis seemed friendly with the girl more than the bloke, but his new bride was immediately playful and teasing with the two. She hadn't realized she was blatantly staring until Dennis looked up and caught her eye. Laughing he gestured her over. She was still shaking her head in a "no," as he walked across the room to her table. "Come on, Hermione, you can't hide over here with our mums all night. Come meet my friends. I promise. They won't bite. Well not most of them anyway." "Dennis, no – really, all of your school chums are already friends. I don't want to be in the way." "How can you be in the way, Hermione? You are practically my big sister. Our mums have been best friends since before The Beatles crossed the pond. I want you meet my friends." As she allowed Dennis to lead her across the reception she tried to calm her nerves. She had never felt terribly confident in this type of social setting. Small dinners. Coffee shops. University study groups. She could make friends in that setting. Giant wedding reception of dancing, drinking twenty somethings? Not exactly her cup of tea. And knowing she was leaving the country in a few weeks didn't exactly make her feel the need to meet new friends she would never see again. "Everyone, I want you to meet Hermione. Hermione and I have known each other since we were born. In fact, our mums have been best friends since they were five years old, so Hermione have been more or less raised as sisters. She wasn't pleased when Collin and I headed off to Scotland. Oh, hey – Fiona and I need to catch Neville before he leaves – can I trust you to be nice to Hermione?" Hermione smiled while cursing Dennis under her breath and shooting him the evil big sister glare. "Great to meet you, Hermione. I'm Harry. This is my wife, Ginny, and her brother, Ron, who also happens to be my best friend." "Nice to meet you all. Dennis and Collin would come home with the most wonderful stories from school." "Really?" Ron asked nervously. "Well, I didn't go to boarding school, so really getting up to any adventures without adults constantly present sounded wonderful to me at that age." "Oh. Yeah. Right. It was a pretty neat school," he replied. "What my most ineloquent brother means is we did have a good time there most of the time. My whole family went there, so I think we just forget that most people grow up going to a school near their homes and not having that same experience. So, what is it you do, Hermione?" "I'm a solicitor, but I work mostly with international refugees through the UNHCR." Hermione paused as she saw both red heads look blank and shoot each other confused looks. Harry noticed the odd look as well and quickly commented, "Wow, Hermione. That's important work. Ron and I work with Fiona as a type of detective. Actually – Ron and Fiona are partners." "Yeah," laughed Ron. "Harry used to be my partner but went and got promoted to be the head guy, so now Fiona and I have to answer to this git." "Must make for an interesting performance review," Hermione muttered awkwardly under her breath. "What about you Ginny?" "Oh, actually I am a professional athlete. I am on a team up in Wales. I doubt you've heard of it. The Hollyhead Harpies?" "No – can't say that I know it. But that's fabulous you are pursuing your dream! I played football a bit when I was younger, well I was living in American then so it was 'soccer' to the other New York girls on the team." "Why were you in America?" Harry asked. "Oh, I lived in America until just before my eleventh birthday. I was born there actually. My parents worked for the United Nations in New York. They're dentists and they worked with UNICEF on children's oral healthcare work around the world. So, I played football – or soccer as a little girl, but I didn't continue when I moved back to England." "I am so happy for Dennis and Fi," chimed in Ginny. "They look so happy." "I'm just not used to seeing Fi look like a girl. It's messing with my head a bit," laughed Ron. "At work she would never wear a dress or make up or do whatever it is that she's done with her hair. But she does look great. And Dennis makes her so happy. He's about the only person I know who she will listen to, so I suppose she had no choice but to marry him." "Funny," added Hermione, "Mrs. Creevey said the same thing about Fiona being the only one Dennis will listen to." They all laughed, and then the music changed to a slower song. "Come on, Potter," Ginny said as she dragged Harry up by his tie, "you promised me one proper dance at this party." "Sorry," Harry blushed as he was led away, "a promise is a promise." Hermione glanced up at Ron who was suddenly beset with crimson ears. It was rather cute to see a handsome detective that nervous actually. "Would you, um, you wanna dance too?" he sputtered. With a slight chuckle she smiled and nodded and he led her out onto the dance floor. It was a slow, sweet song, and as he placed his hand on her hip, she felt a spark of electricity she had not expected. From the way Ron flinched, she suspected he felt it too. She felt her heart beat faster and a slight blush creep up her neck. Nonsense she thought. I am leaving the country in a week and won't be back for years. Not the right time to get a school girl crush on the handsome detective. Ron was surprised to find himself on the dance floor with Dennis' muggle friend. He didn't dance well. He couldn't remember ever asking a woman to dance before. He had certainly never been this close to any muggle before let alone a beautiful muggle woman. And he couldn't remember the last time he'd met someone who didn't know – or at least thought they knew – his entire life history. But there was something about this woman. Could it be that he was comfortable with her because she had been friends with the Creevey brothers? Maybe. But that didn't explain that jolt to his magic when they touched. Or how it felt like he could feel every single cell on his skin where her warm breath touched when she exhaled. And it didn't explain how intoxicated he was by her hair – how