Disclaimer - I don't own Twilight or its characters. I do, however, own this plot. I also perform all of my own stunts. 23°6'22.82"N 75° 0'31.25"W Dean's Blue Hole, Long Island - the Bahamas Monday April 18th 2011. "Back… bead… buck… cane… cut…" Listening intently to the tinny voice coming through the earpiece in five-second intervals, I mark off the words on the communication board that I believe I can clearly recognise as each of the random words are spoken from the fifty lines on the modified rhyme test table. The MRT procedure is necessary to ensure that the crew can communicate effectively with me, and each other, while they are filming. Joham and Gustavo, the underwater crew on this shoot, are currently halfway down the blue hole where the base plate of the official descent line is positioned. "Pane… path… peas… pill… pub…" Despite a flurry of activity going on around me, and the fact that I'm feeling under the weather with a head cold, I do my best to concentrate. Lauren Mallory, the previous DoP on this shoot, is in the hospital on Nassau. She underwent an emergency appendectomy Friday night; therefore, on Saturday I was informed that Aro, my boss, wanted to fly me in as her last minute replacement. Regardless of my feeble protests from my own death bed, I was given no choice in the matter. Although I got in late yesterday afternoon, I still feel like crap and swear my sinuses are going to burst out of my forehead. Newsflash Mister Arse Vulture: Air travel, underwater filming, and head colds do not mix. Ever! Thanks to Lauren and her dodgy appendix, the crew has already missed three days of filming, so we can't run the risk of any fuck-ups during the final day of the 2011 Suunto Vertical Blue free-diving competition. For those people involved in the sport, Vertical Blue is touted as the Wimbledon of the AIDA free-diving circuit. Spread out before me is its magnificent arena, Dean's Blue Hole. This particular blue hole is a narrow, 202-metre-deep limestone pit – the deepest in the known world. When viewed from the rock cliffs that surround it on three sides, its beautiful peacock-blue coloration is in stark contrast to the shallow, aquamarine lagoon surrounding it. For the locals, the blue hole is known for its peril; in fact, most don't come here. To free-divers, however, this place is their idea of Mecca. "Hot… vest… rust… jaw… day… That's it. Got it all, Bella?" Gustavo asks. "Okay guys. Come on up with your boards and we'll compare lists." I disconnect the laryngophone from around my throat and pull the receiver out of my ear. As I wait for the boys to surface, I pick up one of the four GoPro cameras and begin the process of checking to make sure they've all got brand new anti-fog inserts and empty memory cards. While working quickly, I'm vaguely aware of someone emerging from the lagoon in my peripheral vision. Their feet swish noisily through the shallow water as they approach the shore. "Hey," a pleasant male voice that belongs to neither of my crew says in greeting. "Hey," I respond in kind without bothering to look up. Steadfast in my task, I'm about to sync the camera to my monitor. Admittedly, I know I'm being rude, hoping the person will just take the hint and walk on by, but in my experience, I've found that syncing the cameras is a procedure that is never as straightforward as it's supposed to be. A large shadow falls across my bare legs, blocking the warmth of the morning sun. "I'm Ry," the man announces, holding out a wet appendage and disrupting my field of vision. "And you are…?" Not interested. I'm far too busy for chin wagging with nosey-parkers. With a scowl, I look up to acknowledge the owner of the dripping hand so I can bat him away from the monitor, but I freeze as I'm confronted by the twin image of my own face in a pair of orange, reflective goggles. Although my pre-shoot research on free-diving has been minimal at best, something about the face above me is recognisable. It's not until the man removes his goggles that I can confirm, without a shadow of a doubt, that the hand extended out towards mine belongs to Riley Biers. Here on a wildcard entry, he is one of the most popular, up-and-coming participants in the competition. Now that I can see his eyes, I note they are mesmerising and as deep as the water he just emerged from. Lauren described him perfectly. This guy is hot, although he's somewhat shorter than expected. By my estimation, he's not much taller than me, but still, he's gorgeous. Aware that I'm probably just gaping at him like a star-struck fool, I place my warm, dry palm against his cold, wet one and decide to introduce myself. "Hi. I'm Bella. Bella Swan." While pointing to the camera in my other hand, Riley smiles and asks, "Are you one of the official camera people or an avid spectator? I haven't seen you around here before today." "Director of Photography, actually," I reply with pride while shaking his hand enthusiastically. I love to brag about my job. Without anyone else's financial help, I worked bloody hard to put myself through the National Film and Television School. "I have zero concept of what that means, but it sounds like an impressive title." His cheeky grin eases my deflating ego as he releases my hand to pull off his wetsuit hood. Damp, shoulder-length tendrils tumble haphazardly around his face, and he has to rake his fingers back through his hair to move the strands away from his eyes. "If I said I was a videographer working for Volturi Image Professionals, who has specialised in filming extreme sports, then perhaps that would make more sense to you?" As if a cartoonish light bulb has appeared above his head, his expression becomes one of swift comprehension and then admiration. "That's awesome. VIP makes some amazing documentaries. Really edgy stuff." Edgy is right. Lately, I think that some of the documentaries VIP has released have gone a little too far just for the sake of controversy. Slap an NC-17 rating on a documentary and suddenly everyone wants to see what all the fuss is about. Without an invitation, Riley picks up one of the cameras and moves it to the side before taking a seat next to me on the large, flat rock. "Hey, are you from England?" "Yeah, originally… I live and work in Seattle now, but I grew up in a place called Westbury, in Wiltshire. What gave it away? Was it the fact that I speak like Hagrid?" I ask, exaggerating a West County accent. "That and the sunburn you're starting to get on your arms," he says, laughing as he pulls down the zipper at the front of his black and silver wetsuit top in one quick, fluid movement. The tight garment springs apart to reveal his bare chest and abdomen. I'll admit I'm beginning to feel rather warm, and I'm unsure as to whether it's due to the sun burning my lily-white skin or the fact that my eyes are apparently powerless to turn away from Riley's nipples. "Bella?" "Huh?" In a daze, I look up to meet his striking face again. I don't usually go for guys with facial hair, but the moustache-soul patch-goatee thing he has going on there looks good on him. Really good. In fact, without it, it would be easy to mistake him for being much younger than his actual age. Riley is gazing at me in an amused expectation, as though he's waiting for me to do or say something. He must have asked me another question while I was busy ogling. Feeling like a fool, a hot wave of embarrassment heats my face and neck. "Sorry. What did you say? My mind was miles away." He chuckles. "I just asked if you've ever been free-diving before." For some reason, my head is nodding up and down like my most prized possession – a personally signed bobble-head figurine of David Tennant as Doctor Who. "Oh. Yeah… yeah. I have… a couple of times." I have absolutely no idea why I just told him that. I've been scuba-diving, of course, or I wouldn't have been sent on this assignment, but I've never free-dived before. I start mentally smacking myself on the forehead for lying in an attempt to impress this man. Then again, it's unlikely I'll ever see him again once the competition is over. "Cool." He grins at me widely. "So… will you be filming underwater today?" I shake my head and quickly come up with a plausible explanation for keeping my head above water. "No, not today; that's Gustavo and Joham's role. I'm getting over a nasty cold- I mean a- you know… an earache from flying, so I'll be staying on the platform where I can shoot the pre-dive prep and when the divers resurface." Why, oh why did I admit I have a cold? That's not sexy. Being snotty is not sexy, at all. Oh well... I suppose it could've been worse. At least I didn't mention my period is also due and that I'm worried I'll attract sharks. Riley nods in understanding, staring at me as if I'm the most fascinating thing he's ever seen – or maybe I have a bogey on my face? Without being too obvious, I run my hand over the lower half of my face, just to be sure. "That's a shame. If I had my way, I'd be permanently in the water. Would you like to go out to dinner with me tonight?" His dramatic change of topic from diving to dinner catches me off guard. "P- pardon?" "Dinner tonight; me and you," he says, moving his hand back and forth to indicate the two of us. "Which resort are you staying at? I'm staying at Gems." "Since my employer is a tight-arse, the crew and I are all staying in a tiny two-bedroom cottage on a private estate in Hamiltons. It's cheaper than a resort." "Okay. So we'll have dinner in the resort restaurant, and then we'll hit the after-party. I'll pick you up at six." He announces this as if it's a foregone conclusion that I'm okay with the arrangement. I snort in laughter at his forward behaviour and decide to tease him. "Hold your horses, pal. I didn't say yes." "But you will," he retorts confidently. "What makes you so sure that I'll go out with you?" "Because I'm the best, and a girl like you deserves to be around the best." I burst into full-on laughter, and he laughs along with me. "It's true, I tell you… just ask any of these people," he boasts, waving a hand around in a dismissive manner to include anyone within visual range. I shake my head in wonder. This guy's cockiness is really something, but he's funny and easy to talk to. "And you think the opinion of random strangers will convince me to spend time with you?" "You're playing hardball, aren't you? Hmm." He looks at me as if I'm a mystery to be solved. "What if I were to perform an impressive display of super-human endurance – in your honour – to prove my worthiness?" I can see where this is going and try to suppress a grin. "And what sort of super-human feat do you propose? Lifting a car over your head, or pulling a plane across a tarmac using just your teeth?" He smiles and shakes his head ruefully. "Quick-witted and pretty; I'm totally out of my league." Although I feel myself blush at his compliment, I manage a quick comeback. "No? Too difficult? Okay… walking on hot coals then?" He rolls his eyes at me in response. Before I can say anything