Alright everyone, here is my new story. This is just a short chapter to get started with. I chose to write it in the same style that I wrote my Eomer/Lothiriel fic, because I enjoyed getting the perspectives of both characters. It may seem a little slow, but I have hopes that it will shortly pick up. I chose to do an Aragorn/OC because I love all of the LOTR men and wanted to write about Aragorn, but do not feel up to the task of writing Arwen. And honestly, I sometimes think she is a little flat. I hope you enjoy it and will stick around for the rest. Chapter One (Mareke) I woke to the whimpering noises coming through the cracked door at the other end of my bedroom, as I did most mornings. The sun was already pouring in through the windows and my bed was warmed by its rays. I stretched and then stood, placing my feet on the cool marble floors, despite the heat that I knew would be raging outside. I slipped into my lightweight robe, enjoying the cool silk on my sleep warmed skin. I pushed the door of the nursery open and watched the movement in the bed My son, Adnan, was struggling to wake up, fighting off the sleep that wanted to envelope him for a while longer. I sat on the bed and rubbed his back slowly, murmuring to him that it was time to greet another day. Mornings with Adnan were my favorite. He was drowsy and sweet and I could remember the time when he was a baby. Then our mornings had consisted of cuddling and nursing. Some things had changed, though I imagined that Adnan would always be his sweetest just after waking. "Good morning, sweet boy," I murmured, as he finally woke and realized that I was there. I stood and placed him on my hip, going into another room adjoining mine where a light breakfast was already set up and waiting. "Did you sleep well?" I asked, running my fingers through his raven curls. He nodded, even as he continued to rest his head on my chest as I sat down at the small table. I pulled platters of fruit, cheese, and toasted bread and put small pieces on Adnan's plate. Eventually, he lifted his head and began to pick his favorites, slowly waking up. At three years old, he was not yet old enough to spend his days with tutors, though it was quickly approaching. I dreaded how long my days might become when I did not have my son to occupy every minute of my day. As Adnan ate, he began to perk up a bit. "Should we go into the gardens before it is too hot?" I asked, turning him to face me as he shoved a plump grape into his mouth. "Yes!" He exclaimed and just like that he was wiggling off of my lap and towards the chest of drawers where his clothes were kept. I followed and pulled a pair of lightweight, linen pants out with a matching vest in a light blue color. Even though the sun had barely been up, it would be hot outside. Once Adnan was dressed, I gathered my own clothes for the day and stepped behind a screen in the corner of the room. "Hurry, Mama, hurry!" he urged me as I pulled my yellow skirt over my hips and my top over my head. I would leave my jewelry behind for the sake of time. We both slipped into our sandals and then Adnan was flying from the room and into the gardens that were in the heart of the marble palace, surrounded by tall walls to keep those who resided in the City of Serpents from being able to peer at the royal family. I tried my best to keep up with Adnan, but he was quick on his chubby legs and he did not tire as I did. We played hide and seek for hours. It was my son's favorite pastime and he had become very good at hiding himself in the smallest spots in the garden and sometimes it was a genuine challenge to find him among the huge bushes full of colorful blooms. Normally, it was his giggling that gave him away. "You have truly gotten too good at this," I called out as I wandered the gardens. "Surely you are getting hungry for lunch." I ran my fingers along the velvety petals of the flowers as I walked the paths of the gardens. Suddenly, I heard a squeal of laughter, though it was nowhere near where I was. I made my way toward the sound and soon enough my mother, with Adnan on her hip, came into view. Many people said that I looked like my mother, Khatun, but I thought that they were just trying to flatter me. Even in her fifties, she was striking to look upon, whereas I had always considered myself plain. Where she was of average height for a woman with inviting curves, I was taller than most women and straight as a stick. Where her hair fell in soft waves, mine stayed in unruly curls, no matter what different techniques I tried on it. Her family had come from the south of Harad and her skin was a shade darker than mine, which made her light eyes contrast sharply against her skin. "I was beginning to think that he had escaped from you again, Mareke," she said with a small smile. Adnan had gotten away from me one or two times before during such games of hide and seek. He had once ended up in a council meeting where my father, the king, and brother, his heir, were. Luckily, the council had found great amusement in it and insisted in keeping him as the guest of honor until it was over. "He might have, if you had not found him." "Would you like to have lunch with Jadda (grandmother)?" My mother asked him and Adnan nodded enthusiastically. Most of the time, I tried to keep our little world as exclusive as possible, though that was often difficult where my family was concerned. I knew it was not good for Adnan that I tried to keep him all to myself, but I hated to share him. My mother and I followed Adnan as he hurried towards the King and Queen's chambers in the heart of the marble palace. It was much cooler within the breezy halls and my hair lifted off of my damp neck. By the time we entered the chambers, Adnan was already sitting at the table reaching for pita bread and the chickpea paste he loved. "Be careful or you will have your lunch on your lap," I admonished, as I helped him pull the dishes closer. My mother just laughed as she sat on one side of her grandson and I sat on the other. "Mareke, you really should stop wearing those mourning clothes," she said quietly. I looked down at my yellow skirt and top that left some of my midriff exposed. "It has been over a year," she continued. "It does not feel any better," I said quietly. I glanced at Adnan, who was engrossed completely in filling his stomach with olives and boiled carrots covered in a flavorful cooking oil. "I know," my mother replied. I met her eyes once more. "Do you?" She was silent for a moment, contemplating. "I suppose I do not, but whether you like it or not we must move on." There was some warning in her voice that I could sense. My mother was a mule of a woman and would only do things when she was ready to do them, so there was no use in rushing her or asking her questions about the hidden meaning in her words. Finally, she continued. "Your father and brother have been discussing another marriage for you." It was to be expected and I was not shocked. Though I mourned deeply for my first, it had also been arranged. "To whom?" I asked, unable to keep my curiosity at bay. "That I truly do not know. Your father mentioned it in passing last night." I looked around the room where we sat and wondered how many fates had been decided by the King and Queen of Harad in those very chambers. Sighing, I reached over and wiped Adnan's mouth clean just as he was trying to make his escape from the table. He fought every second of it before making a mad dash to the window seat, as far away from me as he could get. Perhaps I would be married to a general again. According to my father's idea of diplomacy marrying his daughter to the highest ranking man in the Haradrim army was the best way to avoid a military coup. It had worked when Harad was uniting before the War and I am sure he was hoping it would work once more in the unstable times that had followed the War. ooooOoooo It was three days later when I was finally summoned to speak with my brother and father. My father, King Hashad, was sitting behind a long table used for council meetings, while my brother, Na'man, was pacing in front of it. "I am glad to see you in something other than yellow," my father said, gesturing at my deep blue ensemble. "Mother insisted," I replied, letting them know immediately that I was not in favor of whatever plans they had begun to lay for me. "And she has told you of why you are here?" My father asked. I nodded, not giving them any more than what I had to. "What do you think?" It was my father who was so far doing all of the talking. My brother merely watched me as he paced back and forth like one of the large spotted, caged cats we kept in the palace. "Surely you did not ask me here for my opinion as I imagine it matters very little." "You should not speak to our father that way," my brother finally said. "Truthfully?" I asked, giving him a quick glance and no more attention than that. Since the War had ended and my brother had returned, we had not been on good terms. Compared to my late husband, the general Jibran, he had not acted very courageously, or so it had been reported. The people were hesitant to sit a coward on the throne of Harad, one of the most unruly and divided of Realms. It would take someone stronger than my brother they thought and they could not stop comparing his acts in wartime with those of Jibran who had given his life for the cause. "I did not ask you here for your opinion," my father admitted. "I just wanted you to be aware." I knew there was nothing he could do to help me. It was a year after the War and many things were not as settled as he would have liked. The different tribes that had come together to form a unified Haradrim army before the War were threatening to break away once more. It would seem that our people were not much in favor of giving up their nomadic ways to become one Realm. If they would, it would be so much easier to establish ties with other Realms and grow, though it seemed like a complete impossibility at the time. "I have been in contact with the advisors of the King of Gondor," my father said. I burst out laughing. "The King of Gondor?" I repeated incredulously. The stony faces of my father and brother were not nearly as amused as mine. "You cannot be serious," I said, regaining my composure. "Nothing is for sure, but the prospect will be brought to the King's attention," my father replied. "I am no