The glimmering light faded downstream until it was lost from view. Only then did the man in the water turn away from the dark stream and start to wade slowly towards the bank. His foot caught on the stems of reeds which had fallen to the river-bed and he stumbled, but he recovered himself and continued silently into shallower water. Soon he was able to climb onto the embankment where he sat on a plank which formed a seat in a hollow near the top, and again he looked out across the river. All was still. The watchman found he was trembling. Perhaps it was from cold after being in the water; he had no idea how long he had been there but certainly he had rarely felt as cold as he did then. He tried to renew his wavering attention to concentrate on the scene before him, but what he saw in his mind's eye was much more vividly present. He looked with care at each part of the land that he was charged to watch, that order and routine might calm his agitation; but while he managed to control his body, he had less success in mastering his thoughts. He wanted to weep, and to cry aloud, but he held back every sound or tear; for his foremost duty was as watcher and eyes full of tears do not see clearly, while no man keeping watch will see things that are intended to be hidden unless he is silent. And all through what remained of the night he held to his duty and watched, while his heart overflowed with grief. As the stars faded and the light of the new day spread over the sky from behind the dark eastern mountains, the watch was taken over by more men, and those who had been on duty during the night came together a little way from the river bank. "Does anyone have anything to report from his watch?" asked the captain, "for soon I will ride for the city. I have an errand to the steward which will not wait." No-one gave report of having seen anything untoward; and they walked back across the marshy ground with long strides. The captain seemed to be in great haste and he set a fast pace to the stables at the nearby garrison while his guards hurried behind him. He walked into the stable yard calling for the harness for his horse and saddled the creature after a much briefer greeting than was usual. Within a very few minutes they set off, riding fast westwards towards the great stone city that could be seen in the distance, its many towers pink in morning light reflected by the high snowy mountains above. In due course they had to slow as they came to the city gate; and it was with uncharacteristic impatience that the captain urged his horse upwards to the sixth circle. His waves of acknowledgement to those who called his name as he rode through the city were forced, although those receiving them did not know it; able to be given only through harsh self-discipline and long habit. The captain dismounted quickly when he came to the stables and gave the reins to a boy with a brief word to take care of the horse; then he continued alone to the seventh level and the citadel while his guards stayed behind at the stables at his command. They looked after him in confusion and concern. "Damrod," said one, "have you any idea what is wrong with the Captain?" "None whatever; but I do not think I have ever seen his face look thus in all the years I have known him. And I wonder why he has been in the river," said the other. "Perhaps he saw something in the night," said the first. "I suppose we will come to know in a while. But let us go and breakfast while we can. It may be that there will be much to do later on." They set off towards their mess. The Lord Steward of Gondor sat at his desk, pen in hand, reading through draft orders for the rationing of food in the event of siege. He picked up another paper, a report of the grain stocks stored in the city, and started to check the calculations of how long they could survive if the proposed rations were allowed. His concentration was disturbed by the sound of familiar but hurried footfalls in the corridor outside. He must have ridden fast to be back already; what might be the cause of such haste? wondered Denethor with disquiet, as a tap sounded on the door. "Come, my son," he called, but he kept his eyes still fixed on the paper in front of him and held up his left hand for silence as he finished the calculations and signed the order. He laid down his pen, and raised his eyes to Faramir who now stood before him. His boots and clothes were damp and muddy, but it was his face that held Denethor's attention and Faramir's customary greeting received cursory reply. I saw that expression when I sat him on my lap, put my arms around him, and told him that we had lost his mother, thought Denethor with dread, but all he said was: "What tidings do you bring from your watch?" "My father, it seems that the ill-omen is fulfilled and the fears it inspired are realised. I have seen a very strange thing in the night, and my heart tells me that Boromir is dead." All colour left Denethor's face. Finally he spoke: "We will break our fast, and you will tell me what you have seen," he said quietly. He rose and crossed the room to where three chairs sat near a low table and a brazier. He rang a bell for the servant who was commanded to bring wine and cakes. Denethor sat, waving Faramir to his usual chair where he sat with downcast eyes. "Speak," commanded Denethor, after their repast had been brought. In a low, clear voice Faramir related what had befallen him during his watch of the Anduin. "I know not whether I saw, or it merely seemed that I saw," he ended. "I know not how it could have happened in truth, but it was no dream, for there has been no waking; and I know in my heart that my brother is dead." He bowed his head. Denethor laid a hand on his son's shoulder, considering his words. Does he see truly? My heart would say that he does, but I will not abandon hope for a vision seen once only. O Boromir, my Boromir! Come home to me! Faramir looked up, his eyes bright with tears, and spoke again: "How can I possibly serve you in his place?" Denethor did not answer, except with a caress. Fear and longing for his beloved, long-absent son filled Denethor's heart, as Faramir knelt and laid his head in his father's lap. The tears he had suppressed during the night flowed now freely, into his father's cloak. He mourns, because he believes he knows, thought Denethor, leaning his head back against his chair with a heavy sigh, his arm resting absently across Faramir's heaving shoulders. May his vision prove false! O Boromir, return to me! Confound all ill-omen, my great, powerful son, my hope! Return with your smiles and laughter, and bring hope with you, and joy at your home-coming! Tears pricked in Denethor's eyes, but he held them back. I do not need to weep for my Boromir yet. I will not mourn one for whose return I look still in hope. The sun escaped from behind a cloud and shone, warm and pleasant, through the window onto them, but neither noticed, rapt in the events of the night. Faramir moaned aloud, and Denethor stroked his hair. "No, my son. We do not need to bewail him yet. Maybe he will return, even now. We will not lose all hope because of a vision which may be but an unhappy echo of some future doom. Boromir may yet return, riding home in the morning," he said. "My father, if it is true, how can it be borne? How long can Gondor stand, bereft of him?" asked Faramir in reply. "In me, Faramir, Gondor will stand for as long as she is able, and if she is bereft of him, then you will help me," answered Denethor. "As for how his loss might be borne, in that I cannot advise you. But we know not yet that your vision is true. "Saw you anything else of import during your watches?" "No, my father," said Faramir, rising to his feet. He wiped away his tears with the heel of his hand and took several deep breaths. The handkerchief he pulled out was very wet; but he blew his nose anyway and turned back to his father, stuffing the handkerchief back into his pocket. "Then you will go to your rest, and I return to my tasks of the day," said Denethor. "When you have slept, come to me. There is much to do, for we must be in complete readiness. Even if the hour is as yet unknown, assault is building against us and it must find us fully prepared." Faramir bowed; and took his leave. The rooms were bright in the winter sun and warm, with a fire burning well as the door opened and Faramir entered slowly. He looked round the room uncertainly, although it was very familiar to him, then he crossed to where there were chairs close by a lit brazier and sat, still trembling with cold and grief. How is it that the world continues, yet nowhere in it is my brother? How is it that your chair still sits opposite me, but never again will it bear your weight? Boromir, where are you? Whither have you gone? O Boromir, I have seen the marks on your body, and you are slain, are you not? What has befallen you, my brother, that you are dead? Our father does not believe it, but I know full well that you are indeed taken from us. Would that it were not so! O Boromir! His eyes rested for a long time on the empty chair opposite him, then settled absently on the fire, watching the dancing flames and the fuel which crunched intermittently, collapsing as it burned. He seemed lost in grief, not heeding the gradual drying of his damp clothes in the warmth of the fire. Still he sat motionless, and the fire burned down until it threatened to go out. At last he roused himself and leaned forward to put more fuel on the dying fire, poking it back into life. Then Faramir went to the bedchamber, looking for a physical trace of his brother. The sheets were clean, prepared for Boromir's return, like the brazier lit every day at Faramir's command that all should be kept in readiness. He opened a wardrobe, full of clothes, and took out one of his brother's favourite tunics, left behind as unsuitable for such a journey in the wild. He buried his face in the soft white wool and inhaled deeply, trying to catch a faint reminder of his brother's smell. He wrapped his arms tightly round the tunic. "Boromir," he said aloud, "I would sleep in your bed, if I may, for my comfort, as I did as a boy when my heart was full of sorrow and you consoled me in the night. I am no longer a boy, and our eyes meet now at the same level, but again my heart grieves, for it seems now that I have lost you, not just for a quest, but for all the rest of my days." He lay down on the bed. As a boy, he had always asked permission but had never needed