A/N: I was reading through a bajillion prompts of panem stories when I realized I had a whole free day! So, I decided to give it a shot. :) "You let her die for me, Haymitch!" Peeta yells. Everything about this moment feels so surreal for him. The mere fact that he's alive when she isn't brings a sick feeling to his already upset stomach. "Shut up boy, I didn't do anything that princess didn't want me to!" "You just flat out abandoned her and let her die for me!" The blue eyed boy continues to scream running his hands through his hair out of complete frustration. "You could have done something to save her! At least one parachute!" "Look boy, I'm going to tell you this once and I want you to get it into your damn skull. Princess wanted you to live." Haymitch stops for a moment as he sees Peeta furrow his eyebrows in confusion. "Why you ask? She said if anyone deserved to live in this goddamn world it should be you . She said you were probably the only good left in the world. She made me promise that I would save you , that it should be the boy she fell in love with so many years ago." Haymitch sneers at the blonde boy in front of him. 0000 There is that word again. The word, Love. Peeta isn't a fool to it. He knew how much Mallie liked him-his partner tribute in the 74th Hunger Games. He could see it everyday, when she passed the bakery or came in to purchase treats. How she fondly squeezed his elbow at lunch or made sure to make it to every single one of his wrestling meets. It wasn't until she told him one night huddled closely into the games in their small cave that he found out exactly how deep it meant for her. It was love Peeta could never return, although. His feelings shutting off since the first time his mother lifted a hand to him. If his own mother didn't love him, he didn't deserve to love, he didn't deserve to be loved. "I'm so cold, Peeta." Mallie shivered, teeth chattering as she ran her cold hands over her arms covered in goose bumps trying to get some type of warmth. Peeta was too distracted to feel any type of cold with his concentration of keeping their fire alive. He looked up to see Mallie shivering uncontrollably and pulled himself away from their small fire and climbed into his sleeping bag. "Come here," Peeta said, pushing his sleeping bag open. "We could share body heat." "Okay," She said, giving him a small smile. She slipped into the bag at ease and Peeta held out his arms for her. His face burying into her blonde hair. Silence was how most of their time was spent since they took each other up as allies. The future too frightening to talk about and the past to raw to think about. It would be a lie to say that he didn't enjoy Mallie's comfort as selfish as he thought it could seem, he was happy that a part of home was here to feel how he felt. But tonight was different, little did he know that it was the last time he would spend huddled up in a cave with Mallie in his arms. Mallie wasn't so naive. She somehow knew that being in the final eight was going to come to rapid end and if she wanted Peeta to know, she would have to say the words that she has felt for years. It didn't matter that Peeta wouldn't feel the same way for her. She knew how there was a girl back in their district that has caught his eyes since they were toddlers but he never acted on them because of his mother. Every single moment she wished she could be the one to show him love does exist, that it doesn't turn people into a monster, that there are mothers that don't abuse their kids. And as much as she hopes that she could, she knows her own time is up in the world, and that as much as she wants to come out of this arena, she doesn't deserve to. Peeta deserves to. Mallie hopes with everything in her that Peeta will make it back into their district and realize that love does exist, and maybe he can find that love with her . The next morning when they are shaken up from a loud cannon booming through the arena. Mallie tilted her head towards Peeta's ear and gave it a light kiss. His eyes widening in bafflement as he felt her rosy lips meet his ear. Mallie's cheeks reddened in the dark cave but she continued to lean up closer and in a hushed tone whispered the words she has always wanted to tell him in his ear. Whispering because she wants these couple of words away from the Capitol. Where no one could hear because they are real and they are only for him . "I love you, Peeta Mellark." Mallie let out a small exhale. "It's probably the dumbest thing to say when we're in here and I know you don't believe you deserve love but you do. Go back to District Twelve and tell her how fond of her you are. You and her both deserve to love." 0000 " I made a promise to princess and I have to deal with an angry Victor. The joys of my life. " The middle-aged man curses under his breath. The memory of Mallie's whispering confession rings through Peeta's ear. She's dead . He curses through his jumbled mind. She's dead because of me. She dead because she thinks I deserve to love and be loved. "That doesn't mean you could let her die," Peeta speaks softy. His heart withering in two. He tries to tell himself repeatedly that maybe he can be loved, that maybe someone will love him. But as the crops of District Eleven come to end so does his hope on love. "She knew what she was doing," Haymitch breathes angrily. "And now you're the newest Victor. So, either you throw on a good fake smile or don't say anything at all because that's it. There's no way Mallie is coming back and it would a damn shame to put her fight against the Careers to waste." He nearly spits the words into his face. Peeta stands alone. His whole body sinks in every single thing that has happened the month that he was gone. Running through everything that unfolded the moment his escort Effie Trinket called out his name. It shreds his heart apart at the thought. He was the reason she died, he was the reason all of them died , he's the reason 23 families are having their children delivered in caskets to bury, he's the reason none of them will ever get passed the age of eighteen. Because he's alive, and he's the reason they're dead, and they will never be coming back. Never . 0000 Every possible person was there to greet Peeta Mellark. All anxious to see the 'New Victor' of District Twelve. You'd be shameful not to go. District Twelve hasn't had a Victor since The Second Quell. His 'Welcome Home' was huge and festive. Everything a welcome home rally should be after 24 years of no Victors. News reporters everyone, cheers and smiles throughout the whole district. This year they had someone to cheer for, someone to root for, someone that will bring them 'Parcel Day' and the happy face of winner. Talking ceasing as the train hurled through the tracks. Having wind breeze towards everyone near the platform. All gray and blue eyes holding the gaze of the screeching train. Every single person in the crowd holding their breath that you swear you could hear a pin drop. Then the doors flew open and there he was, Peeta Mellark, the Victor of 74th Hunger Games. Everyone convinced that he was happy to be home as he embraces his parents and brothers hungrily, wrapping his arms around all his Town and Seam friends. Everyone convinced that the smile planted on his face was nothing but real, that he was delighted to be alive if that meant 23 other were dead, everyone convinced. Everyone, except Katniss Everdeen that is. 0000 It's been a complete month since Peeta has been home and as much as those around him try to make him feel like the boy he was once, he's not. They all know everything's changed. His sorrowful mind growing weary and angry at himself. Peeta spending most of his time walking throughout his district to find something to do. Finding ways to take the haunting images of Mallie, Cato, and Marvel out of mind. The faces of the unknown tributes that died at his hands. She was too quiet, too sneaky to be heard. It wasn't until Peeta looked up from his walk to see shining gray eyes locking into his. "Hey," A chipper brunette's voice speaks. "What do you want?" Peeta asks. "To see if all the gossip is true," Katniss smiles, taking a bite of a strawberry he's sure she picked this morning. "Never been one for gossip, you know. But then there's all these rumors of the big bad victor." She shrugs. "Wanted to see what that's about." "So that's why you came here to see if I was the monster everyone says I am?" "Not exactly," Katniss says, approaching Peeta with no fear. "You see. I've had rumors spread about me every day. That I'm some seam-whore or that Gale and I fuck in the woods." She throws the end of the strawberry onto the floor before they're both face to face. Her breath practically lingering on Peeta's cheeks. "None of them being true of course." "Well you've seen me. Now go back and talk to everyone about the person I am," Peeta says, voice raspy. "They're all wrong," Katniss says, observing his facial construction. "Simple minded idiots." "What?" "You're still the same boy that's helped so many," She shrugs, stepping away from Peeta. His eyes widening at the the sudden movement. "You're the same guy. Except for your eyes… they're vacant." "What would you know about that?" Peeta nearly snarls. "I know plenty Victor," She smirks. "Now that I see the dumb rumors are untrue. I'll leave alone." "Yeah, run away from the legless Victor, it's what they all do!" Peeta shouts out of anger. He doesn't mean to spit out those cruel words but that's how he's felt every single day since he's been back. He can't go back to school, his parents don't let him work at the bakery anymore, they have even rejected his invitation to live with him. It doesn't help either that, Haymitch, his only neighbor is always asleep with a bottle snuggled under his arm. He's the legless Victor no one wants. "What?" Her head snaps, her eyes flickering with sparks of anger. "Just run away! The moment I've stepped back to this place if isn't a 'Congrats Peeta!' it's a 'I'm sorry about your leg'," Peeta spits out, venomously. "You lost a leg, so what?" She asks, her grey holding the gaze of his pool of blue. "So what?!" Peeta states, frustration running through his core. " So what ?" "My dad lost a leg, you know." Katniss grits her teeth. "He lost his leg in the mining accident years ago and he doesn't have that fake leg you were given, he has a wheelchair." She huffs upwards, having her long bangs swing away from her face at the sudden blow of air. "Ask me if he's allowed to work! Ask me if he's allowed to hunt like he use to! Ask me if he was okay that his eleven year old daughter learned how to hunt