"STOP!" I run through the woods with all my might. I hadn't noticed with all the adrenaline shooting through my veins that Peeta was far behind me. I fall to the floor giggling like a fiend, when he finally catches up to me he looks so out of breath, he throws himself next to me and joins my laughter. "I told you I don't like being tickled!" I yell, hitting his shoulder in a playful manner. "Awwww, come on you know you love it when I tickle you!" he says, playfully. As he throws his hand behind his head to gaze at our ocean blue sky. It's true; I love it when he tickles me. It's one of the few things that make me laugh uncontrollably. I'll never admit that to him though, because it will give a lot more of a reason to tickle me and I don't want that to happen. Sometimes I swear I'll end up wetting my pants by the way he makes me laugh. The laughter always reminding me of how free and open I can be with him. He was my anchor when everything started to fall apart and I can't help but smile at my best friend. I stand up and extend my hand to him; he brushes the leaves that are clung to his shirt and takes my hand. "Where to Miss Everdeen?" He asks with his 1000 watt smile. The very smile that he only ever gives me. "I'm not sure Mr. Mellark. How about we go swimming?" I ask, smiling back at him. He takes my hand as we head toward the cabin my dad showed me when I was a kid. Hands intertwined. Our walk's silent, the way they usually are when we go on walks. We're both content with the silence—it's comfortable and soothing. All you can hear are the loud steps coming from Peeta's toes. It's difficult for him to ever be silent in the woods. It used to make me mentally slap myself because he will never be as quiet as I am walking through the woods but at other times it's a calming feeling. It reminds me he's with me like he's always been. I can't think of a day where Peeta wasn't there for me with cheese buns and a shoulder to cry on. It's been a few months since I lost my father. And it took a big toll in my life. I felt lifeless without him and it didn't help that my mother turned to depression to cope with her loss. I knew how she felt and every time I wanted her to hold me or assure me that things were going to be okay, she did the exact opposite. She would just in her bed for days. It was always me who ended up telling her that we were going to be okay, that daddy would still be with us even if he's gone. Whenever my mother would have nightmares I was the one that would cradle her in my arms and soothe her back to sleep. It hurt me to see my mother this way, so weak because her husband died. I swore to myself that I would never fall in love since then. I don't want to end up like my mom; I don't want to fall deeply in love with someone to have them ripped away from you. "Hey, what's wrong?" Peeta asks, shaking my hand a bit. For a couple minutes I just tuned out of the world. It always happens now but Peeta's always there to bring me back. "Nothing. Peeta, I'm okay." I answer, biting my bottom lip. "You're a terrible liar. You now that, right?" He states the obvious with a chuckle coming out his throat. I sigh, "I know I was just thinking about how after my dad died I became the mom for my own mom. Kind of ridiculous, huh? I mean whenever she has nightmares I'm there soothing her back to sleep. Whenever I have nightmares I wake up from thrashing in my bed with no one to comfort me." I say, pouting. Peeta pool of blue launch to meet my eyes. I can never put my finger on why, but looking into his eyes always makes my stomach flip a little. They're an amazing bright shade of blue that would make any girl melt. "I can comfort you, you know." I do know that. One day while we were in the meadow Peeta was drawing his little sister Prim a picture. He took me along so I wouldn't be stuck at home with my mom but I knew that he just really needed the company as much as I needed to get out. After a while of staring at him in awe of how consumed he gets when he draws I started to drift off to sleep. I ended up having a nightmare while we were in the meadow because I didn't know I was screaming and crying until I felt arms enveloped around me and ' shhhing ' in my ear assuring me that's everything's okay. It took a while to calm me down but he was patient, like he always is. When I finally okay he planted a kiss onto my check telling me that I was screaming for my father. It wasn't news to me that I was screaming for my dad, he's the sole reason of my nightmares. "I know you are, Peeta." I say, smiling at him. "Race you to the lake!" he laughs, letting go of my hand. "Hey! That's not fair you had a head start!" I yell after him while chasing him down. When I reach the lake Peeta's already in splashing around in his boxers, the sight of him splashing around like a five year old made smile. I don't feel like swimming so I just take off my shoes, roll up my pants, and sit in the grass with my feet swirling around. It's warmer than I'm use to but it's relaxing, as it always is. I stare off around me as I remember the times I would spend with my dad out here while my mom was at the hospital. Uncle Haymitch offered my dad a job that made him travel around all the districts, but every single Sunday morning we'd spend our swimming. After my father was promoted, our time started to dwindle down more and more until it was rare to see him outside of our home. I just began to spend more time alone as a kind. It didn't matter either way because I enjoy being alone. I'm not much for words or making friends, I only seriously have two good friends in my life. One's playing around in the lake making silly faces at me while the other one is probably at home reading. Madge is my other best friend. She's really quiet at first but once you get to know her she won't stop talking. We partner up for school projects a lot and sit next to each other during assemblies. Over the years we became closer and closer. At first, it was awkward because we're not like most girls. Clothes bore me to tears and we don't usually gossip about boys or who's dating who. But when she showed me how she plays the piano— I fell in love with the instrument, she tried to teach me how to play but I mostly just liked to hear her play it. After a while I started to take her to the woods and realized she wasn't too fond of getting wet, so we'd spend most of our times picking strawberries from a bush my father showed me when I was younger. She absolutely loved them and every time we came, I made sure to bring a bucket for her to take as many as she wanted home. "HEY!" a splash interprets my thoughts. "Peeta! Don't splash me!" I yell, sticking my tongue out at him. "Okay! I guess I'll have to bring you in here!" he shouts, coming towards me. I try to stand up but I'm too slow by the time I try to get up he already has me in his arms pulling me underwater. "PEETA!" I try to sound angry with him but a giggle escapes my lips and doesn't make my yell not too convincing. Peeta silently laughs as he throw a wink my way and I can't help but notice how attractive my best friend really is. Peeta's handsome, he's not the tallest boy in school but he's of good height, with a nice muscular figure, and nice blonde curls that fall to his forehead. He could honestly spend weekends with any girl he wants but he spends them with me. I hear what people say about him in the hallways—girls mostly. They like him; they think he's handsome, or in other words "hot." I give them the reason but I don't think that gives Peeta any justice because he's more than looks. Peeta's the sweetest and most selfless person I have ever met. Sometimes I wonder if he knows the word 'no' because he usually comes up with a compromise if things seems to be odd, but he never just flatly answers 'no'. Unlike me, I don't like something and I become sullen and hostile, he just plays it off like nothing's wrong. "Well now that you're in the water I guess you'll have to swim with me!" Peeta smiles, splashing more water my direction. I dive in underwater and swim toward him but he sees what I'm up to so right when I reach him. Peeta grabs me effortlessly and cradles me in his arms, twirling me around in circles while my feet slightly hit the water. "I-I'm geetting ... di-dizzy! Stoooooooooop!" Peeta's laughter rumbles against my stomach as he walks toward the edge of the lake and sits me down. "Great, I'm all wet." I sigh. "At least you have dry clothes to change into!" I point to the direction of his clothes scattered around. "I think you forgot that we decided to bring clothes and put it in the cabin out here." Peeta comments. / "Mom?" I whisper, making sure I don't make any noise just in case she's sleeping. After drying ourselves and changing into fresh clothes Peeta walked me home before his shift at the bakery started. He promised he'd call me tonight but that usually doesn't happen. He gets too tired from carrying all those 100 pound sacks of flour; I don't blame him for wanting to sleep. No answer. Right as I begin to climb the steps of my house the phone begin to ring. I effortlessly glide down the steps as I pick up the phone. "Hello?" "How's my favorite niece?" a rough voice asks. It's Uncle Haymitch. The fact that he'd say I'm his favorite makes me laugh because I'm his only niece, my mom being his only sister with one child. "Hi, Uncle Haymitch!" I greet him. It's a relief to have him call. He's the only person other than Peeta that I can be myself around. My mom used to say I remind her so much of him. The months following after my father death I began to notice exactly what she meant by it. Sometimes without even speaking we know what the other one is saying. "How's your mother? Still in bed?" He questions, softly. I know it tears him apart to hear his sister act like this. Every time he comes over and my mom hears about it she decides to straighten the house and make dinner for him so he won't worry for her. It doesn't fool him though; you can see the vacant look in her eyes even if she smiles. "I just got home from being out. I haven't seen her all day but she made dinner yesterday." "Out with the blondie?"