First I want to say I'm a reader not a writer. I love reading all the amazing stories all the very talented writers post here. Second I want to mention I don't own, lease, or rent any of Stephenie Meyer's amazing characters. Saying that I was listening to the radio the other day and a song came on you will probably guess which when you read the story and ,to borrow a line from my story, like a lightning bolt from the Gods this story hit me and would not be ignored. Trust me I tried. But here on Nashville the song was playing everywhere. On the Radio, at the Target, heck even walking downtown it was playing on the street, When I started dreaming about it I thought I better try and get it out or I'd never get a full night's sleep again. So here is the first part. I warn you I do have spellcheck so it has been spell checked but that is it. I don't have a Beta so it has not been read over. If anyone finds any glareing gramatical errors I apologize. Also it's rated M bc of language and some serious sexual situations which will lead to lemons. I had already circled the parking lot twice." Jeez this place is packed" I muttered to myself as I considered just giving up and going home. But I could just hear my sister-in-law Rose crowing w delight tomorrow morning when I admitted to chickening out. "I know you couldn't do it" she'd say all superior. "Face it Alice your just to sweet to be naughty." Then she would shake her head like she was disappointed and continue to tease me mercilessly for the rest of the day. Just because she has balls of steal and would never shy away from a challenge sexual or otherwise, means that she expects me to be the same way. I always seem to let her down though. It's not that I wouldn't love to be more like Rose, so unencumbered by morals and any sense of discretion. I just can't seem to let go of my very devout Irish Catholic upbringing. Rose is always coming up with some wild scheme or other to inject some excitement into my life. She just can't understand why I don't live out my fantasy life like she does. She loves to tell me in graphic detail all of the naughty things she does to keep the spice in her marriage and keep her man happy. As if I need all that detail, she is married to my brother for God sake. Like I needed the visual of my brother Emmett tied to a bed covered in red satin sheets with my super model of a sister-in-law standing over him dressed all in black rubber dripping candle wax on him. Can we say scarred for life? Anytime I try anything that's even just a little Roseish I hear my mother's voice in my head "Mary Alice good girls don't …." Well you fill in the blank apparently good girls didn't do anything. I don't know how Em does it. All this wild sexual stuff he does with Rose. It's not like we don't have the same mother. But of course he is the son and could do no wrong. My mother would just smile and say "boys will be boys." So not fair! I was currently circling the parking lot of Skeeters Bar-n-Grill 20 miles on the outskirts of Dallas because for once in my life I wanted to shock Rose. Two days ago we were unloading some new stock and chit chatting. Rose and I co-own a very upscale boutique in the Highland Park Village in Dallas. We named the store BELLA, which means beautiful in Italian, because we both love Italy, it's where we first met and bonded over love of beautiful things. Especially beautiful designer clothes and shoes. We were there on our senior trip , Emmett is a year older than me but I skipped eight grade and we went into high school together. Em and I were with our school St. Katherine's and Rose's group had been included at the last minute from the public high school so we would have the proper numbers to get the group discounts and tour package. I met Rose standing outside the boutique in the hotel lobby. While all of the other students were crowded around the cart selling tacky cheap souvenirs, we were both drooling over the same pair of Armani Sequined T-strap Sandals. We turned to each other and she smiled at me"Hi, I'm Rosalie my friends call me Rose "she said extending her hand. "Hey I'm Mary Alice" She lifted a perfectly sculpted eyebrow at me. "Do you mind if I call you Alice. Nothing against your name but I got thrown out of my last school because a nun named Mary Alice caught me with a boy in my room." She said laughing. "Alice is fine, but why Alice and not Mary?" I asked suddenly realizing my name was very nunish. Bet my mother did that on purpose. "Because of the Virgin Mary" was all she said turning to walk to the next display window full of Armani and Prada sunglasses . "What?" I asked a bit confused following along behind her. "A cute girl like you does NOT want to be associated with the Virgin Mary, so I figured Alice was better. "She explained. "You want to get some lunch?" I was still stunned that the goddess thought I was cute so I just nodded and followed her to the café in the middle of the lobby. Over lunch Rose decided we should be best friends because we were the exact opposite of each other her all leggy and blonde and me so not. According to her we would never have to fight over boys because the same one would never be attracted to both of us. I have to admit I had a little bit of a girl crush on her, she was the most beautiful person I had ever known in real life, so I agreed whole heatedly with her. Little did we know that we would never have to fight over boys not because the same one would never be attracted to both of us, but because she was about to fall head over heels in love with my brother and in a hair salon of all places. We are in one of the most romantic cities in the entire world and they fall in love standing over a pile of my hair. Over salads and San Pellegrino, Rose decided I could go from being merely cute to totaly hot, by cutting my hair short to emphasize what she called my classic bone structure. I didn't stop to think. I got up from the table and walked into the salon and sat down in the first open chair and said to the stunned man standing there "Chop it". He seemed confused at first, but after Rose explained what I wanted in fluent Italian no less, the stylist grabbed my long pony tail and it was gone in seconds. I almost cried. I couldn't look so he turned me away from the mirror. When he was done Rose gasped "My god Alice you are stunning! I was so right about the short hair. You look like a fairy in a renaissance painting" Palo the stylist turned my chair toward the mirror "VOLA!!" he said removing the drape with a flourish. I was speechless. She was right I was stunning. The short spiky style accented my bone structure. Making my face seem more sculpted much less round and babyish. I was mesmerized by the pixie in the mirror. Then I heard "Ooooohhh mom's gonna kill you!!!" My stupid brother of course ruined everything for me. "What the hell were you thinking squirt?" He said standing over me staring at me in the mirror. I hated when he called me squirt the big freakin' gorilla. "She was thinking that maybe she wanted to be a beautiful woman instead of a little girl all her life." Rose yelled defending me. That's when it happened. My big bear of a brother turned to her to tell her to butt out. I could see the words on his lips. But than their eyes met and that was it. I could see she was instantly madly in love with my big dumb brother. And judging by the goofy look on his face him with her. The three of us spent all of our time together for the rest of the trip. They tried to always include me but I really felt like a third wheel. Especially with them kissing and groping each other when ever the nuns heads were turned. Rose and I have been best friends ever sense. After we graduated high school Rose, Em, and I went away to college together. Emmett had received a full ride to play football for the University of Florida and Rose and I tagged along. Em had proposed to Rose on prom night so mom figured since they were getting married anyway it would be OK for them to live together down in Florida and I was sent along to make sure they didn't have too much fun. Four years later I graduated a degree in Fashion Marketing and Rose graduated with a degree in Business. Emmett was drafted in the first round by the Dallas Cowboys so we all packed up and headed back to Texas. I can say one thing for my brother, he has a God giving talent to play ball. Because of hi amazing talent and his natural charisma he became very famous and the endorsement deals started flooding in. When he signed a multi-million dollar deal with Nike he handed Rose his signing bonus and said "Get yourself something pretty". The check was for a half a million dollars. Rose and I had been trying to decide what to do with our degrees and like a thunder bolt from the Gods the idea to open our own store hit me. And thus BELLA was born. The shop was empty because of the weather. It had been pouring down rain for three days straight in typical Texas fashion and Rose was bored. "Hey Al tell me your deepest darkest fantasy" she teased as she rearranged a display of Prada sunglasses for like the millionth time. I looked up from the box of Chanel purses I was unpacking to see a slightly mocking look on her face. I know she expected me to giggle and blush and change the subject. That's what we always did. She would ask me to tell her something embarrassing and I would giggle and blush and change the subject. But that day I just wanted to wipe that smug look off her face. I love her to death but sometimes I just wanted to whip my size 6 Manolo off and smack her in the head. That would surprise the hell out of her I giggled at the mental image. But I could not do that because my brother would never forgive me if I damaged his perfect wife and I would never forgive myself if I damaged my Manolo. I decided to give in I took off my Kate Spade glasses and set then down on the packing slip I had in my hand. "OK" I said grabbing my Caramel Macchiato off of the table and settled myself on the floor. I could tell she was shocked that I was actually going to tell her but she came over and sat on the floor next to me. The storm raged outside, but inside we were wrapped in a cocoon of isolation and I revealed the dirty little fantasy I've had since I was old enough to have dirty little fantasy's. When I was done