The first thing Harry thinks when he sees the result is 'Thanks a fucking lot Fate'. The second is 'Fuck my life, how is this even?'. The last is 'Thank Merlin I'm not in class right now'. This comes after he remembers to breathe of course. Because for those first few moments, he had forgotten how. He blinks, but the words don't change. They stain the parchment, mocking him. His head drops, hitting the table beneath him with a thud. "What's wrong?" Draco asks, coming to his side instantly, "Did it not work?" Harry never thought it would come to this point. A time where he willingly, happily, spent time with Draco Malfoy. But a lot has changed the past year, starting with the most unexpected alliance and ending with Voldemort's death. He remembers the turning point so clearly, as it is imprinted into his mind. Who knows, it probably is. It isn't every day, after all, you come across your so called rival crying in the loo. Harry had heard the sound of someone trying to control their sobs and went to investigate. Hermione was right when she said Harry had a 'saving people thing'. He didn't know who it was or what was wrong, but he was going to find out. If he had stopped to think about it, he would have assumed it was probably one of the younger years, homesick or maybe having a bullying problem. Never had he imagined walking into that loo and finding Draco Malfoy of all people sobbing into the sink. He makes a slight gasp and Malfoy turns. As soon as he had seen who it was, he had raised his wand. "Like what you see Potter? The great Ice Prince crying? I bet you love this. Can't wait to spread it all over the school? Well that won't be happening." Harry's first instinct was to grab his wand, but he shoved that down. Getting into a fight, while tempting, was going to end badly considering how emotional Malfoy was. Who knows what spells they would end up using? Besides, there was something about the sight of Malfoy, eyes red, limbs trembling, and wand pointed at him, that made Harry think of another way to handle this. He slowly approaches Malfoy, hands at his side. "No, that's not what's I want Malfoy. What wrong?" "As if you care Potter. Don't come any closer!" Harry ignores him. "You're in trouble, aren't you? Is it because you took the Mark already?" "Fuck you Potter, I don't know what you're talking about." "You don't seem very proud to have it. Was it your choice?" "Really Potter, do you think I would tell you, even if I did have it? You must be even dumber than I thought. And I told you to stop moving. Cr–" Harry is in touching distance now. Using a move he normally uses in Quidditch, he dodges the curse, grabs Malfoy's wand and pulls the boy into a tight hug. The hug is more to restrain Malfoy than to comfort him, but when Harry has he's arms wrapped around him, something in Malfoy seems to break. He goes stiff, not struggling, just breathing hard still. Then, suddenly, he goes limp in Harry's arms and begins to cry again, sobs racking his frame. Harry holds on, not sure what else to do. Not sure if there is anything else he can do. He doesn't think Malfoy is seeing him anymore. His arms come up to grip Harry's shirt, as much as he can with his arms still restricted. He buries his head into the crock of Harry's shoulder, even though Harry is shorter than him and that can't be comfortable. Harry backs them up so they have the sink behind them to support them. They stay like that for a long time, Malfoy sobbing and Harry feeling bewildered and so useless. This is beyond anything he was expecting and he doesn't know what to do next. Eventually Malfoy's sobs slow and then stop altogether, but he still doesn't let go. Harry lowers them clumsily to the floor and Malfoy essentially curls up in his lap. Two mugs of hot coco appear and Harry gives a silent thanks to the house elf before pressing a mug into the other boy's hand. They sip it and Harry waits for Malfoy to speak, figuring that was the best approach for now. He'd probably mess things up right now if he tried to say anything. Harry has a way with words, he knows. It's just sometimes, that was is the worst possible way, not the best. "He wants me to kill Dumbledore," Malfoy admits, voice barely above a whisper, "and find a way to get the Death Eaters into the school." Harry's breath catches in his throat, but he doesn't say anything right away. Nor does he let go. If anything, he tightens his hold around Malfoy's waist. He is horrified. Not by Malfoy, but by what he has been assigned. There is no way they expect him to accomplish both. "It's a trap," he whispers back. Malfoy nods. "When I fail... Mother... Father... will pay the price. He's going to kill us," Malfoy sounds petrified and who can blame him? "Couldn't you go to-" "No," Malfoy interrupts before Harry even finishes, "No. I refuse to go to Dumbledore. I've seen how he uses Uncle Sev and I won't do it. He has no reason to protect me and every reason to use me. I may be a tool, but I will not be another pawn for the Headmaster to play with." Harry wants to deny that. Wants to defend Dumbledore. But he can't. He knows very well that, while yes Dumbledore cares, of course he does, he is also a General in the War. And Generals have to make sacrifices, whether they care or not. So he doesn't dispute Malfoy's fears. Instead, he thinks of something equally as crazy. "What if... what if you were my spy instead?" Malfoy jerks in his arms. "Don't be ridiculous Potter," he sneers, but he doesn't move away. Harry takes that as a good sign. "I'm not. Listen, you have the Mark anyways. Nothing is going to change that. But you clearly don't want it and who else can you turn to? If we win this War, I'm going to be the figure head, not Dumbledore. He has his spy, why can't I have mine? I'm the one who is suppose to kill the bastard in the first place. This way, I have a way of gathering information. You have an angle to keep you and your family safe. No one is going to suspect the two of us of working together. It's brilliant." "Brilliantly insane you mean." "Well yeah, but who has ever accused me of sanity?" Malfoy lets out a weak chuckle at that. He then lifts his head to stare at Harry, eyes so intent it is as if he is reading his mind. The only reason Harry knows he isn't is because he knows what that feels like. Intimately. Whatever he sees much pass his test because he nods. "Alright Potter, I'll be your spy. What that says about my sanity, I don't want to know." Harry grins. "Welcome to the Light Malfoy," he holds out his hand for Malfoy to shake. He does, grasping it tightly. "Never use that phrase again Potter. Ever." That had been the start of it. Harry still can't believe how it ended. The two of them became a team, working perfectly in tune with each other. Which might sound odd to anyone else. But for two boys who studied the other so intently for years, it made perfect sense. They knew each other. They always did. Now they are just using that information in another way. Harry studied that year like never before. Hermione was thrilled. Ron complained about it until he told them both that he was working on a way to defeat old Snake Face once and for all. Than they both threw themselves into helping him. The DA began again. Yes, Snape was teaching them now and yes, he was actually doing a good job of it. The man clearly knew what he was talking about. But they needed more. So the DA practiced and studied and researched. Harry would sneak away to talk to Malfoy about what he had learned, ideas he had, spells the DA had found. Malfoy, on the other hand, would tell Harry about the research he found, the information he received from his Father and, shockingly, Bellatrix. Apparently old Aunt Bella was thrilled that her nephew was working so hard to 'redeem' the family name and was more than willing to help him. Not with his tasks, oh no, that was still his honor, but with other things. Information that not even Snape was told. That last part made Harry just a little too gleeful, but oh well. The man was still a git, whether he risked his life daily or not. Harry did respect that, but that didn't mean he had to like the man himself. Everything came to a head the end of the year, as it always does. For being insane, Voldemort was sure predictable like that. The Final Battle was at Hogwarts, just like Harry and Draco – he had been Draco for months now – feared. The blonde boy had found a way to fix the Vanishing cabinet with a bit of unsuspecting help from Hermione. Harry had found a spell to banish Voldy once and for all with the help of Draco and, surprisingly to some, Luna. It was an ancient spell that bound him – all of him – to an object of their choice and then destroyed that object. It was a Dark spell, but no Darker than the Horcuxes Dumbledore finally told Harry about. Draco had a toxic potion containing Basilisk venom and Harry gleefully poured it on their chosen object – an old cup from the kitchens, they still laugh about that. When Harry does, Voldemort looks at Harry as if he is the insane one. He died with that look on his face. That had been, by far, the craziest ending to Harry's school year yet. The castle was in shambles. Rubble and fire spread across the place. The injured and the dead lay all around them. People were laughing, crying, cheering and fleeing. Harry and Draco stood in the middle of all that, snogging the life out of each other. They got some great reactions from that one. Ron muttered about Obliviating himself. Neville looked oddly fascinated. Luna smiled knowingly. Lucius and Narcissa look faint. Snape looked disgusted. Dumbledore seemed way too happy, his eyes sparkling like mad. Several other students thought they were either under a spell, cracked from stress or completely nuts. Considering that in that moment Harry felt like he could fly without a broom, they may not have been too far off on the latter. It took a while for things to calm down after that. Months in fact. But eventually everything did. And Draco was still his boyfriend and neither of them regretted it. Not even when the Daily Prophet threw an absolute fit about it that once again, set everyone off. It was worth it. Now in their Seventh Year, the most normal year Harry has had so far, Fate has to prove him wrong. Draco had been helping him with Potions. He doesn't want to be an Auror anymore, but he doesn't know what else to do. Lately he had been considering Healing, for which he would need a very good Potions score for. Harry finds it easier to work with Draco outside of class where there is no one trying to sabotage his work – like always – or have someone breathing down his neck – also like always. Snape may have mellowed out after the War, however very slightly