They really ought to fix this road sometime. True, she, the milkman, and the mailwoman were the only ones who used it with any kind of regularity, but they should still do something about it. The potholes were nuts on this stretch. Annie grimaced at one, two, three bumps, but they hadn't gotten to the big one yet. And… there it was. She felt the bump in the road all the way up her back, and judging by the pacifier that flew past her seat, Ronan felt it as well. His wail filled up the car, and Annie found herself digging around the floor around her seat for his pacifier. She didn't usually like to drive while distracted like this, but a screaming seven-month-old was far more of a distraction than taking her eyes off the road for a couple seconds. She had done it so many times before, and there was never anybody way out here, and it should have been fine. Annie screamed as the front bumper hit something. The wheel jerked under her hands, and they were sent careening off-road. Her first instinct was to reach back towards Ronan and make sure his car seat stayed safely in place. Her second, and in many ways, probably worse, instinct was to overcorrect and pull the steering wheel as far to the left as she could. An instant later, she slammed down on the brakes. But it was too little, too late, and the car, driver, baby, and all, slammed straight into a tree. The airbag and seatbelt did their job, keeping her in her seat and stopping her from hitting the windshield, but a terrible, slicing pain cut at her back all the same. Ronan screamed bloody murder from his car seat, and her entire body was shaking too much for her to comfort him. He can scream. He's alive. It'll be okay. Annie repeated this mantra over and over again in her mind as she wiped most of her tears away with the back of her hand. "Ronan, sweetie, are you okay?" Her voice shook, and she took another few seconds to calm herself a bit more before she climbed out of her seat to check that he was all right. The car seat was still in the right place. No cuts, no bruises. All in all, that they were both alive and in relatively good condition had to be a bona fide miracle. She'd have to give him a closer look later, set up a doctor's appointment for him… all the other things that a good mother would do. Because she should be a good mother. It couldn't be that difficult. Thousands, no, millions of mothers all over Panem managed to do so well with their children, and here she was, off the road because she'd been driving like an idiot and putting her baby in terrible danger. What the hell had she been thinking? That was the key right there. She hadn't been. Of course she hadn't. She probably didn't even care about – Oh no . She'd hit something – or someone. Annie scrambled out of her car. At first glance, she saw nothing, for she'd somehow managed to turn the car a full one hundred and eighty degrees around before she hit the tree. But it did not take long to notice the unmoving heap at the center of the road. "Are you all right?" she yelled as she ran towards it. "I'm so sorry, are you all right? I didn't mean to –" From here, she could see what the mass had to be: a person, and they definitely weren't moving. Oh gods, please let her not have… Annie bent down next to them. "Are you all right?" she repeated. When she still received no response, she grabbed the person, a woman, she would guess, by the shoulders and gave them a gentle shake. "Hello? Can you hear me?" Still nothing. Annie tried to think back to Training, those elementary first aid classes they'd been forced to take, but she couldn't remember what they'd said to do with an unresponsive person. Praying that she wasn't going to make anything worse, Annie gingerly rolled the woman over. "Ma'am? Are you –" Her breath caught in her throat, and Annie pulled her hand away from the woman's. Her first steps back were awkward, disjointed, for she couldn't begin to understand what she had just seen. Annie hurried back to her car, grabbing Ronan from his car seat. She swore at the restraints as she struggled with them, her hands clumsy and fumbling with the clasps. Every few seconds, she looked back, over her shoulder, expecting to see too-pale hands mangled into claws and a bloody almost-smile behind her. Once she had him out and safely tucked her baby to her chest, she bent down to grab a piece of shattered glass from her broken windshield, keeping it clutched against her as she raced back towards town. It's a feeling she had not experienced since her time in the Arena, but the sense of being followed, stalked, had never been far from her mind since. Once one has been hunted, they never want to be prey again. "There's nothing out there, ma'am. We looked all around the area, even up in the Victors Village proper, and we didn't see anybody or anything that looked like it'd been hit." "Are you sure? Maybe you took a different route." She really shouldn't be angry at them; Four's new emergency team was trying to do their job, but there was a woman's life in danger. Annie couldn't let incompetence get in the way of her safety, even if it meant cracking a few skulls - perhaps literally. It would really be too bad if things came to that. Officer Norton had a nice head of hair, dark and curly and thick, and a nice bone structure to go along with it. Annie imagined a few young ladies in the district would take issue with any damage to his handsome features. The man shook his head. "We took the Nine, just like you said. Not a soul around, and definitely not some woman lying in the middle of the road." "Describe the road to me." "It's the one with the dead maple 'bout halfway from here to the Village. Nasty thing, split right down the middle. I saw the tree you hit, by the way, and your car. Judging by the looks of it, I'm going to guess it's totaled. Nasty piece of work. It's a miracle you and the baby got out all right." Annie didn't have anything to say to that. "You convinced we know what we're doing now?" That might be taking it a little far, but she nodded all the same. There was no need for an argument right now, not in the cramped, already-untidy office that the district government had set up for the emergency response force only months prior. Ronan was loving the attention he was receiving from the nurse on staff, a woman old enough to be Annie's mother with soft features and the gentlest of voices, but he'd be getting antsy soon. "Thank you. If you don't want me to fill out any paperwork or anything, I think I'll be heading out now." "Don't worry, we don't have too much of that for ya." He grabbed a a notebook from his breast pocket and flipped to the last page. "These are the notes I took when you were talking and a few observations on the crash scene. Be glad this is happening now and not in a couple weeks. We don't have all the office stuff figured out yet, but pretty soon, these things are gonna get a whole lot messier." Annie scanned over the pages for anything unusual before signing her name. She grabbed her purse from where she'd left it, but the man didn't move from his spot between her and the door. "Annie, what's got you all worried? I promise you that I didn't see anything to be scared of out there." "Nothing," she lied. How was she supposed to explain that she had hit herself, that she had seen her own dead hands clutching the corpse of her child? "The accident just shook me up a bit." Annie knew she had a few tells, that her eyes wavered and her hands tightened into fists, but there was no reason a stranger would know such things. He watched her. "You hit something, that's for sure. But if it was a person, they were able to walk away, and the hospital hasn't had any patients tonight whose injuries would suggest getting hit." "Then what do you think happened?" she asked, exasperated. He shrugged. "I'm not sure. My guess would be that you hit some kind of big animal – maybe a deer, they're not exactly known for being good at crossing the street – and your mind was playing tricks on you when you thought you saw a woman." More than anything, Annie wanted to discount that, to say that she wasn't mad, that she'd never see anything that didn't exist. But she knew better. "Perhaps." "Just the stress of the moment, I bet. Must have been quite the jolt. We've all dreamt up things under pressure, right? How 'bout you, Mamrie? What do you think?" he said, addressing the nurse. She looked up from where she played with Ronan. "I'd say the same. Annie, stressful times play with everyone's mind. With a baby at home and the, erm, events of the war, I'm guessing you're pretty tired, maybe emotionally drained on top of it. Right?" Annie couldn't have agreed more with that statement. "The extra push of the accident was just a bit much for your mind. Don't worry too much about it, love, it happens to everyone once in a while." "I'll drive the two of you home. You can point out the exact spot where you had the accident, and we can check it out together." Right now, Annie didn't care if he thought she had gone insane. She was happy for any help she could get. "That sounds great." A part of her knew already that they would find nothing. The woman, the impossible woman with Annie's own features, would not allow herself to be so easily explained away. If she kept the doors locked and the windows shut tight, maybe they would be all right. Not for the first time, Annie cursed the isolation that came with living in the Victors Village. Perhaps if there were neighbors about, she wouldn't be jumping at shadows or assuming that every creak warned of a monster coming to get them. Fine, she would probably still think of anything out of place that way, but at least she'd have someone nearby. Her one protector lay on the living room floor in the middle of a ring of her toys. Annie had thought having a dog around would make her feel safer, essential for a woman alone with a new baby far away from anyone else. As it turned out, Martha, though the kindest, gentlest dog she could have dreamt of, did not have the makings of a good guard dog. She did, however, have a knack for taking naps, eating far too much, and begging and pestering Annie until she gave her a belly rub. Oh well. Everyone needed a talent, right? She gave Martha a quick ear rub on her way back to the kitchen. "Let's find you some dinner, huh?" she asked Ronan, who she had left in his high chair as she closed the windows. She hadn't expected an answer – funnily enough, babies didn't tend to talk back – but the house and the wind provided one anyway. Annie felt the pressure of the impossibly deep, rumbling groan against her chest, and her heart rate skyrocketed. Maybe she had bumped her head sometime during