A/N: Rated T for violence The fan above her bed cannot keep up with the sun's heat. Annie has opened all of the windows, hoping to tempt in a cool breeze, but the day refuses. Rich tourists still flock to District Four during the winter for its warmth and sunshine, but the fancy hotels next to the pier are empty during these still days at the height of summer. In the afternoon, the streets are quiet, as everyone has hidden in their homes to nap away the hottest part of the day, and night brings little relief. Neighbors go days and weeks without seeing one another as they wait for the worst of the wet, sticky heat to recede. The district dies every summer only to be revived again when autumn arrives. Her nightgown clings to her body, glued against her with a thin layer of sweat. Annie pushes its straps off her shoulders and hikes the hem up a few more inches. It doesn't help. She hopes that Ronan, who she stripped down to just his diaper before lying him down in his crib, is faring better. When she leans over to rest her hand on his forehead, she realizes that her three-week-old son suffers the heat far worse than she does. The poor child's burning up. For what must be the dozenth time that night, Annie grabs the bowl that she keeps on her nightstand and hurries into the bathroom. It takes a few minutes for the water to cool down, but finally, the trickle of water that runs over her finger begins to grow cold. She fills up the bowl and grabs a clean cloth from the stack before she is ready to go back. A gust of cool air lifts her hair from her shoulders, and Annie shivers in the sudden, delightful chill. The heat hasn't broken this early in the season for years, and they haven't had a single thunderstorm to bring in a cold front, but she's not going to complain. A cool mist now fills her bedroom. Annie sets aside the bowl and rag. If anything, Ronan will need another layer of clothing, not a damp cloth. She lifts the few strands of hair that have escaped the bun at the top of her head and pulls the front of her nightgown, still sticky with sweat, away from her chest, allowing the mist to caress every inch of her. Her sigh doesn't wake Ronan. For the first time in weeks, Annie slips a blanket over herself before she falls asleep, content. The next day, the sun returns, and their home is again a furnace. The radio announcer makes no mention of the last night's fog during the daily weather report, which puzzles her, but they do live far enough away from the rest of the district that she supposes there's no reason to be surprised. The fishermen's families that live in the little clapboard cottages only feet off the shoreline get their cool ocean breezes. She and Ronan deserve some relief as well. Annie brushes any though of the weather away and smiles at her baby. "Are you a happy boy today?" He is too young to understand a word she says, but she still makes a point of talking to him. The parenting magazines that the doctors forced her to read before they allowed her to bring Ronan home from the hospital said that it would help his language development, and, if she's honest with herself, she gets a bit lonely all alone in their big house in the Victors Village without anyone to talk to. He's awake, but he doesn't respond, so Annie continues, "I would be too, if I were you. I'm very proud of you for sleeping five hours straight last night. The two of us needed some good sleep, didn't we?" He'll turn a month old tomorrow, and he already looks heartbreakingly like Finnick. Once milky-blue eyes now share Finnick's sea-green sparkle, and the few little tufts of hair on his head are reddish gold. She worries that someday he'll be as beautiful as his father was. Being gorgeous only ever hurt Finnick, and she's terrified that the same fate will befall her son. Her stomach clenches and her vision blurs just thinking about it. The doctors tell her she needs to stop worrying about things she can't control. Annie takes several deep breaths and focuses on the laundry she has been folding. When her hands stop shaking, she smiles at her baby, still thinking back to Dr. Aurelius' advice. Find something to keep your mind off of it. Go for a walk, listen to music, make small talk. Do whatever it is that you need to do to keep yourself sane. Sane is a lofty goal, but one does have to try, don't they? "Think we'll get some more of that mist tonight? I could certainly use some. I haven't been out to visit your father in a week with this weather. If only that cold could have stuck around for a few hours more, right?" She knows she's rambling, but if she needs to talk like a crazy person to keep herself from becoming one, then that's what she needs to do. She gets her wish that night, and the next, and the next. For the next week, just after midnight, the same cool mist seeps in through the open windows and fills her room, calming Ronan's fussing and allowing her to get some much-needed rest. By the fourth day, she finds herself looking forward to the mist and the sweet dreams it brings with it. For the first time in months, her dreams consist not of gaping, bleeding wounds and cold, dead eyes, but of her husband's green eyes only inches away from hers, his body pressed tight against the curve of her own, his lips against her throat, sucking against her pulse point. In these dreams, his golden skin glows pale in the moonlight, and she clings to him, trying to keep him with her. But he was always stronger than her, and he presses a kiss to her cheek before he pushes himself away. Every morning when she wakes, Annie glances over to his side of the bed, only to find that he and the mist are gone. It's a long walk down to the town, but the clouds provide a bit of protection from the sun today, and Annie knows she won't get another chance to get out of the house anytime soon. She still hasn't worked up the courage to put Ronan in the little baby seat that she affixed to the back of her bicycle, so she's carrying him in her baby sling and hoping he'll be all right in the heat. One of her hands holds a potted lily, and she has a small shovel tucked into her purse. The bag and the sling bump uncomfortably against her as she walks, the jingle of her keys and coins the only sound besides the faint crashing of the waves against the rocks below. As she leaves the false security of the Victors Village, Annie grows more and more aware of how alone she is, how vulnerable a woman carrying far too much and with a baby strapped to her chest must seem. She slips the shovel out of her purse and fists her hand around it, alert. It's almost as comforting as the knives she carried through the Arena. Her grip on the shovel does not loosen until she is safely inside the town. True, the streets are mostly empty, and only a couple of the dozen shops that line the square have their doors open for business, but there are a few people out and about. Today, she's not interested in the living. The graveyard sits behind an old, dilapidated building that has seen no use since the Dark Days. The iron gate squeaks as Annie pushes it open with only a bit of effort. Since the revolution, this gate has seen more use than anyone wants to admit to, but today, it's just her, Ronan, and generations of District Four's dead. Finnick's sister insisted that he be buried in the family plot, not the center crypt that holds all but two of District Four's thirteen Victors, and Annie had been in no state to argue. She walks past rows of tombstones, many of which are too worn to reveal who lies beneath. When she was young and her father would bring her to visit Grandma and Grandpa Cresta, the forgotten graves had terrified her. The thought of rotting beneath the grass, nameless and alone, for all eternity had haunted her dreams for years. When she had gone into the Arena, Annie had learned that there were far greater things to fear. One new, white headstone sits a few feet away from the others. Annie sits down cross-legged in front of the stone. "Hello, love," she says, and her voice shakes. "It's good to see you again. Been a while, hasn't it?" There's no answer. There's never an answer, not anymore. She takes Ronan out of the sling and holds him out towards the headstone. "He's getting so big." No reply. "Isn't he handsome? I think he takes after his father." "Not very talkative today, are we?" She unwraps the sling from her chest and lays it out on the ground, putting Ronan down on his stomach on top of it. "I brought you something," Annie says, picking up the lily. ""I thought yours might not have done so well these last few days, and it looks like I was right." The lilies she planted only two weeks before are now little more than brown, shriveled stalks. She gets to work digging them up and planting the new one. "I think… I think I'm getting better, Finn. I've been thinking a lot about you these last few days, dreaming about you every night, and they're not nightmares like they usually are. We're just really happy together." Annie pauses for a moment to wipe her hands on her skirt. She looks directly at the engraved words that say Finnick Odair. "It's like you're right there with me, and I love it. I love you, and it's good to have you back." The dream is more vivid that night. His lips travel from her mouth to her chin and down towards her neck. Annie moans and runs her fingers through his thick, bronze hair. "Finnick," she groans when he reaches the bottom of her neck, sucking on it as he does every night. "Finnick, I love you so much." He doesn't talk. In these dreams, he never does. His lips' hold on her neck does tighten, though, and his teeth graze the vein there. Annie grimaces. "Finnick, that hurts." Teeth break the delicate skin there, and she screams. "Finnick, stop! Get off of me!" She pushes him away with more strength than she knew she had, and he almost flies away, eyes glowing and mouth open in a horrifying hiss. He's so close to Ronan now, and for an instant she is scared that he'll hurt their baby, but then she realizes that the fog is gone, and it must be a dream, but the world is spinning and that doesn't happen in dreams, and – When she next opens her eyes, she can remember a brief glimpse of green eyes as the mist floats towards the window and dissipates into the night. A bead of sweat runs down her face and into her eyes, and she wipes it away. "I-it was a delusion. It had to be." Still, she gets up to check on Ronan. Her baby sleeps, content, and all she wants is to hide him away where the rest of the world can never hurt him. "It had to be a dream. Just a nightmare." It's still too hot to close the windows, but feeling halfway safe in