Kensington, England April 13, 2015 Local Time: 8:42 AM "Everdeen." He rose his glass to her before taking a long swig of what had better be water. "And here I thought you didn't like me anymore." "You know, I just spent eleven hours flying here from Los Angeles. I even paid fourteen bucks extra for internet so Effie could get ahold of me if your condition changed. The least you could do is act like you had a heart attack this morning." "Yesterday morning, but I'm all right. They'll get me some stints, and I'll be better than ever." Now that she got a good look at Haymitch, she saw what Effie had been so worried about when they talked this, fine, yesterday morning. The IV bag was all too obvious, but all the quips and one-liners in the world couldn't hide the fifteen years he seemed to have put on since she'd seen him last Christmas. With the extra gray in the beard he never shaved but had never quite filled in and the deep bags under his eyes, he looked far older than fifty-nine. Those decades of hard living had finally caught up with him. "Y'know, I was thinking earlier." "You don't say." She didn't care if he had been dead for almost two minutes yesterday. Haymitch walking into his own favorite insult was too good of an opportunity to pass by. He glared at her. "As I was saying, I was thinking about your career after these goons were still trying to figure out if they'd saved me or not." If he thought the legion of medical professionals who restarted his heart were goons, he had to be feeling better. "And what did you decide?" she prompted. "Now, hear me out. This might not seem like the most natural pairing, but the more I think about it, the more I think it could really work out well. People really dig that fusion shit, you know?" "Haymitch!" He took another drink of his water, then set it aside. "So, kid, tell me. What do you know about Peeta Mellark?" Chelsea, England April 13, 2015 Local Time: 11:27 PM In the late nineties, nobody could escape the Tributes - not that anybody besides a few jealous teenage boys and tired parents really wanted to. The more enthusiastic members of the media heralded the five boys as a return to the Golden Age. They sang. They danced. They even made a film that, surprisingly enough, wasn't terrible. "Like five Frank Sinatras," one Rolling Stone critic wrote about them, "but more good-looking." For teenagers who had been holding down part-time jobs at McDonald's and Burger King not a year prior, it was high praise indeed. But the longer one watched them, the more justified the comparison seemed. With fourteen chart-topping singles and practically constant sellout world tours, they were on the road to the kind of superstardom that actually manages to worm its way into the history books. But tastes changed, interest waned, and almost as suddenly as they had shot to fame, the Tributes' career fizzled out. The former teen idols were suddenly the butt of jokes everywhere from late night talk shows to schoolyards. There was an attempt at a comeback, then another, but the only mercy came when the group officially announced their breakup. With that last blast of publicity, the group somehow managed to fade from the public consciousness completely. Only one member managed to emerge from the rubble unscathed. Finnick Odair had in some ways always been the star of the group. The man was the closest thing the world had to a living, breathing Adonis. Nobody could really blame the army of managers, executives, and publicity workers that fueled any operation as big as the Tributes for wanting to place him in the center of every photograph or giving him the most solos. Issues of consent and sexualization of a sixteen-year-old hadn't been the world's main priority as they collectively drooled over the most recent pictures of him. At least publicly, Finnick seemed to have been able to brush that off with no big impact. Even fifteen years later, his new releases were almost guaranteed to land in the top ten, and he snagged the starring roles in some of Hollywood's biggest movies. Katniss had never been his biggest fan, but like every other heterosexual female she knew, she followed him on Instagram. Something about the muscular star holding his new baby and grinning really did it for her. She'd blame it on evolution. Tonight, Finnick Odair wasn't her main focus. She scrolled down the Wikipedia article to find the section on Peeta Mellark. Okay, she vaguely remembered him from the poster Prim had hung in their shared bedroom when she was in middle school. The article said he had released his first and only solo album seven years ago and continued to tour, though a quick scan of the upcoming dates and venues showed that he was mostly going to small casinos and clubs. Katniss kind of wanted to judge him for that, but then again, Haymitch wouldn't go around trying to pair her up with a successful artist. Sure, she played guitar – really well, actually, well enough to make a very comfortable living off of session work – but you couldn't start a conversation with random strangers on the street about Katniss Everdeen's style. She clicked out of that article and returned to the YouTube mix entitled 'Tributes and Peeta Mellark Ultimate Fanmix :-)'. As a thirty-two-year-old woman and devoted artist, did she feel ridiculous sitting here, listening to '90s pop? Absolutely. Did she find herself humming along? Well, the Tributes had gotten popular for a reason. San Bernadino, California May 4, 2015 Local Time: 9:56 PM Peeta Mellark took his job very seriously. One would have to if they were going to go onstage at the San Manuel Indian Bingo & Casino in an outfit straight from a music video that came out twenty years ago. The black pants and tight-fitting, primary colored t-shirts had looked a little too Star Trek in 1997, and the look hadn't aged well. She applauded professionalism and devotion to one's craft as much as the next person, but there came a point where one should walk away with their head held high and try something outside of entertainment. Katniss estimated Peeta had reached that point about ten years ago. The cheese value of this routine was through the roof. He did more flirting with the audience than actual singing, and every joke had the muddy flavor of having been used night after night for years. In a few spots, no matter how hard she tried to be polite, she had to roll her eyes. Good thing Peeta had managed to comp her a ticket for this show, or she'd be out more than the mileage to drag herself out to San Bernadino. "For my next song, I'd like to mix it up a little and take suggestions from the audience. Anything's fair game, mine or not." The crowd ate it up the same way they'd gobbled up the jokes earlier. Could they not see that he had a plant? At best, he might take a suggestion from an actual audience member and accept it if it happened to be in the lineup of songs he and his backing group had rehearsed, but otherwise, he'd move on to the predetermined 'guest' who'd lob him an easy one. Oldest trick in the book. "Um, how about you, ma'am? Dark hair, braid, right in front of the stage, very pretty. What would you like to hear?" It took Katniss a second to realize that he was referring to her. Her mind scrambled through an inventory of thousands of songs, but one kept coming up again and again. "'Til There Was You'." Not exactly her usual style, and it came as a missed opportunity to see what he could do with something more folky, but oh well. She could grill him on folk's greats later. It wasn't like he would actually play her song anyway. "Gotta love musicals. Who here likes The Music Man ?" The crowd cheered as Peeta moved to the piano. Wait, was he actually going to follow through with this? She had to give him some respect for that. His accompaniment wasn't what she would expect out of a professional pianist, but it got the job done. "I've got this on the CD I play when I'm driving to work. It's one of my favorites." The voice she heard then barely sounded like the one she'd heard earlier. That had been as stale as his jokes, but now, he sent emotion rippling through the room. For a moment, Meredith Willson's metaphorical bells were very, very real, and she did hear them ringing, and maybe, just maybe, Haymitch had been on to something. San Bernadino, California May 4, 2015 Local Time: 11:05 PM After the show, several women her age and older loitered around the stage. Peeta chatted with them one at a time, all winks and smiles that promised something naughty. Now, she had hung around with enough big stars to know that chatting up women after the show was to be expected, but did he not remember that they had a meeting scheduled? According to the schedule Effie had found for her, he had three more shows at this very venue in the next week. There would be plenty of other chances to get laid, but he had royally screwed up his first meeting with a potential business partner. Good to know he had his priorities straight. Only after he had gathered a few telephone numbers did he deign to join her. "Katniss?" he asked hesitantly. "Yes." He smiled, and she rose to shake his hand. "After that show, you don't need any introduction." "Nice to finally meet you in person." Maybe he was just a good actor, but the words sounded genuine. Then again, he had sounded pretty genuine a few minutes ago when he was prepping new notches for his bedpost, so maybe she shouldn't put too much weight on that. "Sorry to put you on the spot back there. I didn't realize it was you." "You did really well with it." "Thanks. I really do have it on CD in my car, but I'd never performed it live before tonight. Especially coming from you, it's great to hear I did all right with it." He sat down at the table for two that had been hers alone for the show. "I've been reading a lot about you since we talked on the phone. I didn't realize how many of my favorite albums you've been on." God damn it, she couldn't let him charm her the way he had those other women, but goodness did it feel nice to hear her work praised. "I mean, you've worked with everyone around. The Stones, Madonna, I think I saw McCartney on there too. I know you want to do something more on the folk side, but your catalog is pop and rock and roll royalty." "Thanks." She was going to start blushing if he didn't tone it down a little. He leaned in just a little, and Katniss met those gorgeous blue eyes, and well, it was too late on that whole not blushing thing. "Really, thanks." "Sorry, I just don't think you studio musicians get enough credit. You're the ones who make the rest of us look good, and we don't bother to say thanks often enough." Definitely buttering her up, then. Good. That meant he wanted to go through with Haymitch's scheme, erm, idea . She smiled at him. "Flattering as this is, if we don't stop trading compliments, I think we'll be sitting here for hours and I'd really like to go home at some point." Two could play that game. "I'd like to hear your thoughts on Haymitch's proposal." "Wouldn't