So many years after I began to write the story of Glorfindel and Legolas, I decided it was time for some editing - this is the new and improved version, edited mostly to make it read more smoothly. Also, I fear I should warn for very extensive footnotes, but those can easily be ignore. ;) As ultimately, the entire Anestel/Ethuil'waew/Cuil Eden arc is about the emotional growth and sexual journey of Glorfindel and Legolas, the story does not only feature but is also in need of mature scenes. Thus, this R-version is very much shortened, please refer to my profile here for a link to my homepage, where you can read this story in its entire length. I would have deleted this story altogether rather than shortening or censoring it, but when I began to post the beginning of this story here in 2003, when NC-17 was still allowed, I got many helpful and supportive comments, which is why I have decided to leave the story on here. "Muindor, Glorfindel just gave me your letter and left me alone, so I could pen an answer. I am so grateful; I know what risk it means for you to write to me. If adar found out, I dare not imagine what he would do. Yet I am so happy that you took this risk; it means so much to me to get news from home! Have you told Drauglaur in the stables that I am well? You have not said anything about adar ; I take it he still does not speak of me. Do you think that he will ever forgive me? I have never wanted to displease him, but I do not know what I could have done differently. I tried, but I know now that I will never be like you or Galuron." With a sigh, Legolas put away the quill and tore the letter, shaking his head. He sounded like a child; this was nought but pointless self-pity. And he was no child, had not been since that one fateful afternoon at the lake... But how could he make his brother understand that? Mayhap it was time for him to admit that some things could never be changed, and no matter how much he hoped that his family would forgive him, the shame of his failure to defend himself against Glorfindel would always cling to him... It had been a beautiful spring day, the rays of the sun so warm that both the horses and their young elven guard were content to doze among the colorful spring flowers. The air was sweet with their scent, the birds tried to best each other with their songs to woo a mate, and Legolas, youngest son of Thranduil, King of Mirkwood, busied himself with making a wreath of the white and yellow flowers which blossomed in abundance here at the side of the lake. The day was so beautiful that for once, he did not mind that he had to guard the horses instead of being at home with his family. He was of no use there; at least out here he had a function to fulfill. And he liked the company of the horses. They were content to taste the new grass, play with each other and every now and then, came to let him pet them, nuzzling at his tunic in search of one of the wizened autumn apples he had taken along as luncheon. It was, he supposed, something he should be grateful for, yet he knew that his father had not assigned him to this task because of his love for the horses. Nobody ever questioned his father's treatment of him and Legolas had never complained, but he knew what the life of his two older brothers was like, and how vastly his own differed from that. They as well had served as guards to Mirkwood's horses, like every youth aspiring to once stand in his father's service. These were times of war, and so mounts were a precious supply, but even before the war had broken out, the agile, stout-hearted animals had aided Thranduil's guard in the defense of the forest against the encroaching darkness. No heavy-boned chargers, these - the hard life in the dangerous gloom beneath Mirkwood's boughs had bred a race of hardy animals with thick coats that defended against the cold of winter and the danger of spider-venom both. It was an honorable task to thus guard one of the forest's riches, especially as it kept another precious commodity, the realm's youth, in the heavily guarded areas close to Thranduil's Halls where the forest was lighter and where clearings and the shores of small, dark forest lakes offered easy foraging to the horses. Still, the innocuous task of horse-guarding was usually left behind once a youth turned thirty-five, to instead take up duties as page at Thranduil's court to learn the basics of politics and courtly protocol before they were sent to training in weaponry. That was what his brothers had done, and Legolas' oldest brother Celeirdúr had shown such talent with the sword that after he reached adulthood, he had been quickly given a position as captain of a group of border guards. Thranduil was very proud of him, and all of Mirkwood's inhabitants felt secure in the knowledge that Celeirdúr would be a worthy successor to their king, should the unfortunate need ever arise. Legolas' other brother Galuron was less gifted when it came to swordsmanship, although he could best most of the other guards. Still, he had a quick mind, found pleasure in discussions of both lore and battle tactics with his father's generals and finally found his place in being trained as his brother's advisor and tactician. That left only Legolas; but so far, his father had shown no interest in his upbringing. His childhood was mostly spent with lessons with tutors, his free time used for dreaming. His father rarely desired to see him, and if he did, it mostly meant a lecture for Legolas while his brothers' advances in training were praised. No matter how hard Legolas tried, he could never manage to bring a smile to his father's lips, and so eventually he stopped trying, dreamed through his lessons and kept to himself. He had never had much friends, for what parents would let their child seek friendship with one who had obviously gained their King's disfavor? The only thing Legolas could look forward to was when Celeirdúr would find the time to spend a few minutes with him. Due to his duties as crown-prince and captain, that did not happen very often, but sometimes, when Celeirdúr had returned with his men from the border, he would let Legolas ride on his horse or tell him of their latest fights. But even though his brother spent some time with him now and then, he never dared to challenge his father's treatment of Legolas, and he did not protest either when year after year passed and still Thranduil did not call Legolas back to court. Legolas had decided that he did not care. He liked the life outside with the horses. The other youths left him alone, both because he was Thranduil's son, albeit in disfavor, and also because he was too old by now to be part of their group. There was no need to please anybody here, and Legolas spent his days dreaming in the sun-warmed grass. Today was no different. With a smile, Legolas put the wreath of flowers on his head, wondering how long the horses would withstand the temptation to nibble on it. Then he yawned and got up. It was so warm in the sunlight that he decided to go to the lake and swim, for his hair was in need of cleaning as leaves and fir needles were stuck in it. There was time enough still to wash and then later let the sun dry his skin before it was time to return to the small telain where those not on guard could sleep. While he slowly wandered down to the shore, he began to tug at the belt around his waist, finally loosening it to let it drop into the grass. Yet just when he began to unlace his leggings, a loud splashing alerted him to the fact that he was no longer alone. In surprise he took a few steps back, but when he saw who had emerged from the lake directly in front of him, he could do nothing but stare. It was a golden-haired ellon , older than him and the most magnificent being Legolas had ever beheld. His sun-kissed skin held a golden tint, but more brightly still shone his hair which fell in thick, wet curls down his shoulders and back, a color more glorious even than Anor's rays. The water drops on his skin caught the light of the sun and glistened, and then the man shook his head so that more water ran down his chest from his hair, and stepped out of the water. Now Legolas could see that truly everything about him was magnificent, and he was blushing furiously as he had to force his eyes away from where they had strayed between the other's legs. The stranger regarded him with an amused smile, his blue eyes as deep and as mysterious as the sky. He stretched, displaying the movement of long, hard muscles under his golden skin, and for a moment, Legolas thought that one of the Valar had come out of the water, for surely no ordinary man could possess such complete, perfect beauty. "Are you alone, young one?" the stranger finally asked when Legolas did not move. His voice was deep and smooth, golden like the sunshine in his hair and yet laced with mystery, a dark timbre which promised alluring things and woke desires Legolas could not find names for. "Y-yes," Legolas stuttered, blushing when he realized how awe-struck he had to appear. "Who are you?" "It was so warm, I just wanted to take a bath," the man said without really answering the question. "Are you supposed to watch the horses?" Legolas nodded. "The others stayed behind because Duthiel will have her foal tonight..." At the end of the sentence, his voice got softer, and he lowered his head when he realized that this man would surely not be interested in that kind of information. Once again he felt like a fool, surely nothing more like a child in the eyes of this stranger whom he found he wanted to impress more than anything, even though he knew him not. Soft, warm laughter finally made him raise his eyes again. The other was watching him with a gaze both amused and curious. "So then... I shall keep you company today, so that you do not feel alone out here." "I do not mind, I am used to it!" Legolas quickly answered, then bit his lip, afraid of driving away this man who brought such a strange heat to his belly. "Do you not... have more important things to do than wasting your time here? Though I do not mean that I do not want company..." "Ah, pen neth , I do not consider this time wasted, at least not if I have such a beautiful companion to talk to." Legolas swallowed when the other stepped closer to wrap an arm around his waist, pulling him against that strong, still-wet body. "Come, let us sit down in the shade beneath those apple trees, and then you can tell me of your life here." Legolas knew that his face was still flushed, but he could not suppress a rush of warm excitement over the interest this beautiful stranger expressed in him. The close contact made his skin tingle - when was the last time anyone had voluntarily embraced him? He was so nervous that he did not dare to speak a word for fear of