Series: Either an AU or a future event in the Anestel universe Warnings: mention of mpreg, bdsm Disclaimer: The characters belong to Tolkien, the situations are mine. Beta'd by Beruthiels Cat, thank you so much! :) Author's Notes: I wrote this story for Coco who asked for Haldir/Legolas. First I thought it would become something kinky (as that is one of the things Haldir excels at), but then instead I found myself with this story which had been in the background of my mind for some time. You can see it either as an AU of my Anestel-verse, or as a glimpse of Legolas' future, though I can't promise anything as it will probably take me ages to get to that point with the story, and who knows what I will come up with until then... ~*~*~ "You will come with me," Haldir said, his voice allowing no dissent. Legolas swallowed, his throat suddenly dry at the strict tone that was so familiar, that was so welcome after the hardships the Fellowship had endured on their way through Moria. To let go, to submit himself to the strong will of another – it was exactly what he needed, and he gave Haldir a look of such grateful relief that the Marchwarden smiled at him and rested a hand against his cheek in a fleeting caress. "Look at me with those sweet doe's eyes any longer, little prince, and I might not let you leave again," he purred, smirking when his words made Legolas blush. "You still blush that easily, after more than a hundred years with your Lord?" Haldir laughed and shook his head. "But then, it is a very becoming look for you. Ah, such a sweet little thing you are, and I will claim you as mine for all the days you spend here. Every night you shall come to my talan and spend the night in the company of your kin – and in the arms of one who knows how to give you what you need." "And what do I need, Lord?" Legolas asked bravely, although he was trembling with fear and excitement and the certitude that he needed this thing that Haldir was offering. "I am no Lord," Haldir said calmly. "You will call me Master." Legolas' eyes fluttered closed for a moment and he wanted to moan at this gift Haldir was giving him. "Yes, Master," he breathed, and with his surrender came a wave of intense emotion that moved through him with such force that now, he truly moaned, a breathy, needy sound of desire and want. His knees felt weak, but before he could give in to his need and sink to his knees, Haldir's hands clasped his shoulders, keeping him upright. "What a treasure you are!" the Marchwarden breathed, cool fingers brushing against Legolas' cheeks. "But not here, little prince – Estel might know who and what you are to your Lord, but I do not think that the other adan or those halflings would understand. Come to my talan; there I will take care of you in exactly the way you need." "Yes, Master," Legolas whispered gratefully, feeling as if a great burden had been lifted from his shoulders – after all the loss and pain the Fellowship had seen, Haldir offered him the one thing he needed most. His steps were light as he followed the Marchwarden, all responsibilities, all doubt and fear taken from him at last. Once they reached the flet onto which Haldir had built his home, the calm Legolas had felt vanished again, replaced by a nervous excitement. Haldir motioned for him to stand in the middle of the room, and now, once again, Legolas began to tremble when Haldir slowly walked around him. "Undress," the Marchwarden commanded, so that Legolas sighed softly and began to open the leather straps that held bow, arrows and white knives strapped to his back. Carefully, he put his weapons down, then removed his leather jerkin. Beneath, he wore a shirt made of a fine, soft wool, and when he slowly opened button after button, revealing the smooth expanse of his chest, he once again blushed at having Haldir's attention so focused on him. When the shirt slipped from his shoulders, he found himself almost sighing at how vulnerable he felt, and how much he was craving this dominance of another over him, a thing which he could not help but long for and had missed ever since the Fellowship had left Imladris. "Ah, soft as velvet," Haldir sighed in admiration when he stepped closer and ran a hand over Legolas' back. Slowly he walked around him, his hands mapping the planes of Legolas' chest, and once he frowned when he encountered a small wound. "You have not been taking good care of yourself. What would your Lord say if he found his most prized possession harmed?" "But I-" One look at Haldir's face made Legolas fall silent and meekly lower his head. "I am sorry, Master," he said softly, and Haldir laughed. "Oh, you will be; I will make certain of that. If you can bear a wound without allowing Estel to treat it, then you can also bear a few red stripes on your bottom. You know that you need a strict master with a firm hand – look at you, only a few weeks gone from Imladris and already you have grown all willful! Discipline is what you need, little prince, and you shall get it from me." Legolas swallowed and nodded, then gasped once when Haldir's fingers brushed against his nipples, causing them to harden. "Thank you, Master," he breathed, not certain whether he meant the promise of discipline or the teasing touch, and Haldir laughed at him for it, although he continued to run his fingertips playfully over the hard little nubs until Legolas sighed and leaned back against him. "Such a sweet little thing you are," Haldir murmured and shook his head. Then he focused once more on the sensitive nipples that had grown dark and erect under his touch, squeezing them until Legolas gave him a breathless moan. "I see you took out your Lord's decorations. It is of course the right decision, for you would not want them to catch on something if it comes to a fight – yet it is a pity that I shall not be able to see for myself just how beautiful you look with your Lord's jewelery pierced through your flesh." "The holes have not closed yet, for I put the rings in during the night, when no one is watching me," Legolas said shyly. "I know that I should not, for we could be attacked at night – but they were presents my Lord gave to me, and if I cannot wear his knots in my hair, then the feel of the mithril rings pierced through my flesh will have to be enough to remind me of him." Haldir smiled. "You miss him very much... But you are wearing something else to remind you of him." He took hold of Legolas' hand and gently traced the band of gold with one finger, smiling a little at the joy that filled Legolas' eyes with light. "It reminds me of his love, it fills me with pride to know that I am his, and that he is mine as well – to know that even if we fail in this quest, there shall come a time when our feär are reunited. No, I do not miss his love; for I carry it with me in my heart. But you are right, it is his discipline which I miss; the way he gives me purpose and order." Legolas sighed and lowered his head and Haldir touched the slender ring of gold one last time. "You will have what you need from me, never fear, little prince. Yet at the same time, I promise that I shall not take anything that is solely meant for your Lord. Tempting though you are, I do honor the bond between you. Still, I am a strict master – stricter than your Lord, I would wager – and will demand obedience and submission to my will. You will spend your nights here in my talan for as long as you stay in Lórien and I will give you the guidance you crave." Legolas closed his eyes, weak with relief, grateful for Haldir's words. He needed the guidance Haldir promised, and yet at the same time he was frightened by it, for Haldir was right, there were some things that he wanted to give to his Lord only. To be able to serve, to surrender himself to the will of another without having to give his body or his heart... "Thank you, Master," he said softly, his eyes shining with gratitude as he looked up at Haldir. "I shall serve you well, I swear!" Haldir chuckled. "Oh, I am beginning to see why Glorfindel became so obsessed with you! You are such a flattering little thing to be with! I wonder, are you the same in his bed? Do you moan and whimper at every touch, your body arching and trembling like a perfectly tuned instrument, giving your Lord looks of worship and adoration as he uses you?" Legolas blushed helplessly but found that he could not deny it and Haldir laughed again at his tell-tale reaction. "I am starting to see your charms, little prince; of course you would appeal to vain and arrogant Glorfindel." "My Lord has reason to be vain," Legolas objected, his eyes still respectfully lowered even though Haldir's hands were wandering all over his chest and back, tracing muscles and sinews, but at his words Haldir pulled back and laughed again. "He truly broke you well," he said with indulgent amusement. "Now continue, let me see all of you before I decide what to do with you." Obediently, Legolas bent down to take off his soft leather boots. When he straightened again, his cheeks flushed with embarrassment as he began to untie the lacing of his leggings, his fingers trembling when he finally pushed the garment down and stepped out of it, baring himself completely to Haldir's gaze. "Ah, truly lovely!" Haldir said warmly. "No need to be embarrassed, I have seen it all before, as have a lot of my guards. Still, I did not get to touch you then..." Legolas' cheeks grew even redder, but he did not flinch when Haldir's hand once again came to rest on his chest, only to move downward to close around his soft shaft, his other hand cradling the pouch beneath. Then, Legolas gasped and looked up, a little afraid now, but also excited by the way he was being handled. He did trust Haldir to honor his promise to not take more than he wanted to give, yet even though Haldir was touching him with the detachment of a healer – or of one who was seeking to purchase a mount – somehow it made it only more embarrassing. His trembling increased when Haldir touched him all over, sparing none of his most intimate places, and by the end, he could not hold back his whimpers anymore. "Enough for now," Haldir finally murmured, letting go of Legolas' shaft to instead soothingly rub his stomach as if he were a young horse that needed gentling. "Just the one wound, then – an arrow, I take it?" "Yes, a goblin in Moria, Master. I cleaned the wound and made certain that it was not poisoned." "But you still should have let Estel have a look at it." "Yes, Master," Legolas agreed miserably, knowing it to be the truth. "Very well, I shall decide what to do about your punishment later today. For now, why not let us see just how well Glorfindel has trained you? Can you set my table and serve my food?" "Yes, Master," Legolas said, although he felt