" I have brought you a hero's fate, and a hero's fate is never happy. It is never anything but tragic." The late-spring morning was dark and cool when Percy Jackson felt the world begin to change. He sat cross-legged on the beach of Camp Half-Blood, waist deep in the surf. The gently rolling waves shone with the silver glow of the crescent moon. The faintest hints of light were appearing on the eastern edge of the starlit sky. The forest behind him, usually alive with creatures both mundane and mythical, was quiet. It was the most peaceful time of day, when all lay still in anticipation of the coming dawn. Percy could find little peace in it. He frowned at the water, studying its ebbs and flows closely. He thought he saw something there, but couldn't quite make out what. He hoped it was nothing. The alternative unnerved him. A light breeze ruffled his messy black hair. His faded camp shirt and jeans remained dry despite the rising tide. Dark circles lay under his sea-green eyes. With his right hand, he fidgeted with a ballpoint pen. He watched the water unblinking for several minutes, searching for a sign he didn't want to find. Okay, maybe it's nothing, he tried to tell himself after a time. He wasn't convinced. His most recent dream lingered in his thoughts, a dark cloud over his already-grim mental state of the last few weeks. He'd tried to dismiss it as just a dream, but he knew that was a false hope. Though he hadn't had one in years, he knew all too well what a prophetic vision felt like. " War is coming…" Percy closed his eyes and tried to relax. He took deep breaths and immersed himself in the sea's sweet music. The lapping of waves, the flow of currents, and the voices of creatures farther out combined into a beautiful harmony that he understood intimately. Each told their own story, small pieces of a narrative that spanned oceans. It often calmed him when he was troubled, as was natural for a son of Poseidon. Today it had the opposite effect. The ocean's song was tense, as though in anticipation of a coming storm. It sent chills through him as he listened. His effort to relax failed, drowned by creeping dread. The timing couldn't be a coincidence. " Half-blood shall fight half-blood…" At the age of thirty-one, Percy was the veteran of dozens of quests, several prophecies, and more fights than he could count. He'd expected that nothing would be able to faze him at this point. Yet, the sea's distress sparked a deep fear in him that he hadn't felt in over a decade. He could clearly recall the last time it had felt like this. Another war, another near-disaster for civilization. His friends dead. His home in danger. This time, he couldn't do anything about it. "Percy?" the soft voice nearly made him jump. He relaxed quickly at its familiar sound. He turned to find Annabeth approaching, dressed in a t-shirt and shorts. Her blonde hair was in tangles, and her eyes drooped. She yawned as she waded out into the surf. "Morning, Wise Girl," Percy said. "Couldn't sleep without me?" She glared at him and stifled another yawn. "It was lovely, actually. My pillow stayed dry for once." Percy huffed with indignation. "Hey, you claim all the blankets, I get the pillows. Fair, right?" "Sure," Annabeth said as she sat cross-legged next to him. "Still, doesn't mean you have to mark them as yours. I figured after twenty years you'd stop drooling so much." "I figured you'd stop being so difficult." They glared at each other for a moment before chuckling and smiling. Annabeth gave Percy a quick peck on the lips. Much of his anxiety faded as they locked hands. His heart quickened at the way her hair and eyes caught the moon's glow, giving them an almost otherworldly aura. After so many years, she still had that effect on him. Annabeth shook her head and yawned again. "You haven't been out here for a while." It was Percy's habit to sit in the surf and listen to the ocean's songs when something was troubling him. The last time he'd done it so early had been in the days leading up to his proposal to Annabeth several years prior. The answer had been a forgone conclusion, but he'd stressed for over a week regarding the delivery. In the end, he'd gone with something simple: a walk on the beach at dawn. He hadn't done a good job of keeping that a secret. He'd been mortified to find nearly all of their friends lurking in the forest nearby, who'd promptly mobbed the two of them and thrown them into the Sound. He'd laughed afterwards at how fitting it was; they'd started dating in a very similar fashion. His troubles this time could not have such a happy outcome. He looked out over the water, his smile fading. "I had a dream last night." Annabeth's hand tightened on his. "One of our nightmares?" she asked softly. Percy shivered. "No, no… But… I almost wish it'd been that instead." Annabeth was silent for a moment. Their shared nightmares of their time in Tartarus were the worst things they'd endured since they'd been campers. For him to wish one upon himself spoke to how much his dream distressed him. Annabeth knew Percy wouldn't exaggerate about that. "A vision?" she asked. When Percy nodded, she swore under her breath in Ancient Greek. "What happened? What did it say?" Percy took a deep breath and turned to face her, taking her other hand in his. "It was a bunch of flashes at first. Long Island, San Francisco, a bunch of other places I didn't recognize. Then it was…" He squeezed both of her hands. "It was violent. People and monsters, fighting, dying, piles of bodies...There were people in Camp Half-Blood and Camp Jupiter colors. Gods, I could smell it… Then this voice I didn't recognize started talking over everything…" Annabeth listened with wide eyes. She squeezed Percy's hands in return. "What did it tell you?" Percy paused for another deep breath. " War is coming. Ancient enemies breed new generations. Once more, half-blood shall fight half-blood. Your gods shall stand aside. The echoes of sins long past come to claim their debts. You, son of the sea, child of prophecy, are hopeless to stop it." There was a long pause as she drank in the implications of that. Percy had already pondered them many times. He had little doubt what that part meant, considering recent events. That was refreshing in a morbid way. Typically visions and prophecies were much less straightforward than that. Unfortunately, the next part was par for the course. "The way that was phrased," Annabeth said slowly, " your gods. As in, that voice didn't belong to one of the gods. Some Titan or something could be trying to mess with you." "Maybe," Percy said. "I thought about that. Whoever it was, there was more to what they said." "Oh? What else?" " There is still time. For while both are of two, and one of the two was certainly one, the other was two. You must give what guidance you can. Prepare them. The Knight, the Thief, the Mage, the Warlord, the Hunter, the Ruler. Six to fight when the time comes. Four to seek powers of the lost. Two to do battle of blade and heart. One to make the heavens tremble, one to hold the world in their hands. You shall know each by the signs. There is still time!" Percy continued with how the voice had cryptically described each of the six people it had listed. He normally wasn't the best when it came to remembering stuff like that, but it seemed as though the words had been branded into his mind. Naturally, it hadn't provided any pictures. That would've made it too easy. "Mmm," Annabeth frowned, her fatigue seemingly gone now. "That's...disturbing. Was there anything else?" "Nothing more than the standard, Goodbye, by the way the world might be screwed if you don't succeed, no pressure. It could be a trick, like you said." He was more trying to convince himself than her. "I don't know… One of those people has to be… And another could be… But the others… And what about one being two? One of two was one? What does that…" She continued to mutter like that to herself for a good minute before Percy cleared his throat. "Whatever that part means, Annabeth, the message is clear. There's going to be a war. A half-blood war." Annabeth nodded grimly. That message, distressing as it was, didn't come as a surprise to either of them. If they announced it before the entire camp, it wouldn't surprise any of them either. It would only serve as a confirmation for what everyone in Camp Half-Blood assumed was coming anyway: a war with Camp Jupiter. Percy and the rest of the Seven had feared such a thing could happen, all those years ago. The return of the Athena Parthenos and the defeat of Gaea had been a major point of unity between the two camps, but it wouldn't be enough to hold them together over the long term. There were too many differences between them, too much historic animosity between Greeks and Romans. Together, they had drafted a pact of cooperation, designed at maintaining their friendship for years to come. They hadn't counted on the memory gap between generations. As the veterans of the Titan and Giant Wars graduated, new half-bloods took their places. A generation that didn't remember the horrors of those wars, or the camaraderie the two camps had held. No matter how many times Percy tried to explain it to them, it never took hold. How could it if they didn't experience the same thing for themselves? It had started out small, with whispered comments and a distinct "us and them" mentality. Overtime, it had grown more and more openly hostile. Small requests like weapon trades and carpools were denied for petty reasons. The yearly Capture the Flag match between the camps turned violent, more so than usual. Both camps increasingly treated themselves as "the real demigods." After the latest incident, where Roman liaisons had been accused of interfering in the spring chariot races, tensions between the camps were at an all-time high. Percy and Annabeth had done all they could to get every diplomatic option between the camps open before the bulk of the campers showed up. Frank and Hazel had convinced the Roman Senate to create two new seats for alumni to sit in an advisory role. Jason and Piper held monthly conferences at their home in the Neutral Zone, with talk of stepping it up to weekly or even bi-weekly once summer started. Leo, traveling about as he was, often hosted game nights aboard the Argo III that saw some measure of success. Despite all of that, the best efforts of the Seven seemed like they could only stall the two freight trains from colliding. The campers Percy trained in the arena put more effort into weapon practice than usual. The smiths of Hephaestus had postponed personal projects to step up their production of swords and armor. In the classes Annabeth taught, many of the more zealous campers showed great interest in Roman tactics and maps of the West Coast. Frank and Hazel reported similar events in Camp Jupiter. Both camps had started courting friendly factions like the centaurs and Amazons, trying to win allies. Everyone was on a hair trigger, and it wouldn't take much to set them clawing at each other's throats. There were whispers among the year-round campers. They tried to keep quiet when Percy was near, but he heard anyway. They figured that once the summer session started in one week, something would happen to provoke a war