Authors' Note: Hello, hello! So firstly, we'd like to say that this username is run by two people: M and A. The both of us write stories together and have been doing so for years. We're using this account to share our stories written together. This is our first story we'll be writing and publishing together on this site. To make things easier to follow: M is writing Annie's point of view/story, while A is writing Finnick's side. For each chapter published for this story, Annie's part will begin the chapter, followed by Finnick, and so on. Each chapter should have two parts for each point of view, unless stated otherwise. Some things to keep in mind: This story is all about Annie and Finnick during the 70th Hunger Games. It's an AU where Finnick volunteers as tribute for the games because he doesn't want any harm to come to Annie when her name is called. We are both aware that this never happened and we mean no disrespect or confusion towards Katniss and Peeta, but this is our take on the whole "star-crossed lovers" theme. Rated M for future posts that will include extreme violence, language, and sexual content. Thank you for your time and we hope you enjoy reading our story! -M & A She hummed to herself as she sat at the dock with her legs hanging over the ledge as her toes gracefully ran across the top of the water. It was always her safe place to turn to when she felt lost or the need to run away from her worldly troubles. The water spoke to her; a soft song sung that always drew her back here. As her toes wiggled just beneath the surface of the water, her sea green orbs widened as she twiddled her fingers within her lap, muttering soft nothings and incoherent words under her breath. Slowly she began to rock in place, her toes wiggling under the water a bit more quickly as her whispered words gradually turned into worrisome squeaks and whines. She had her alone time for about twenty minutes, continuing in this fashion and steadily growing worse before calming- just like the small waves and ripples in the sea before her. "Annie," a male voice could be heard behind her. "Annie, you can't stay hidden over here. They'll come for you." A pair of hands were on her shoulders now as she was pulled up and away from the water. As this happened, she began to thrash about wildly as the voice continued softly, "Come on, sweetheart. Today should be seen as an honor. It's your final reaping, Annie. Your name is hardly in the drawing and even if you were chosen, my child, it would be an honor for you to carry our family name into the arena." More wild thrashing ensued and as she was uprooted from her safe haven and carried over his shoulder, she let out a blood curdling shriek, digging her nails into his backside as she was carried away. • • • • • • • • "And this year's female tribute is... ANNIE CRESTA." • • • • • • • • Annie sat further away from all of the other tributes as they were given the rundown of how training would go and how they would all eventually be "graded" and assessed into categories that would determine their ranking based on ability and intellect. Annie kept herself disassociated from everyone and anything dealing with the "Games". Perhaps this wasn't her smartest move, but she didn't really care. Every year she had gone through that terrible anticipation during the reaping and every year prior she made it out without being called. It was just her luck that her final reaping would be the one where she was called. And where she came from, District Four, most would fight for the chance to go into the games because it was seen as an honor. But when Annie's name was called? No one volunteered to take her place. They all saw her as the pariah, the lonesome one who didn't belong in their society. So why not just let her get weeded out by natural selection and allow the others a chance at victory? Needless to say, Annie was aware of what the others thought of her. She knew they all thought she was just some "mad girl"- a nut case. She wasn't ignorant to their stares and whispers. She merely avoided looking at anyone for the most part, sitting alone with her knees to her chest and arms wrapped around her legs as she curled into herself and rested her cheek against her kneecaps. Her eyes were closed now and even at this point she could feel the stares on the back of her neck and hear the whispers going on. When her eyes had opened, she glanced up and caught sight of the other tribute from her district; Finnick Odair. Annie had known of him from school. Always the popular and beloved one with his good looks and capability to charm anyone with just a flash of a smile. District Four would probably riot if he didn't come out of the games alive as the victor. As her eyes focused on the other, she knew she had no chance of survival. She was being thrown into the chopping blocks like a pig for slaughter. Their instructions and debriefing were now over with and everyone was left to go train themselves. Annie idly watched everyone else head to a different station. Slowly, she stood and walked away from the others and sat on a bench where she fiddled with some rope strings; there had been a set up for learning to tie ropes or set up traps. Most others had taken interest in more offensive training. Annie was one of the rare few who decided to play with the survival skills area. "I hear she's a psycho," a whisper was heard behind her. Annie's eye twitched slightly, but she tried to push the thought from her mind. But the whispering didn't end there. Slowly, she dropped the rope strings and began scratching at her forearm, staring blankly out into space, as her skin became irritated and broke under her clawed nails, causing little lines of blood to form. "I'm going to die," she whispered to herself over and over again, beginning to rock once more. I'm going to die. Anyone who would volunteer in the games had to have been so far off the spectrum that it was practically a cry for psychiatric help. There's a fine line between crazy and borderline psychotic. However, when Finnick Odair had volunteered, no one quite understood why. After all, he'd already won once before so what was he doing; why was he doing this? He had his chance of freedom and here he was... giving it away. His means of 'justification' didn't add up; none of his actions did. The Capitol had been shocked, almost in tears, and even the people of District 4 had been questioning him. Mags, with tears in her eyes, watched as the young boy she helped grow into the man he was today, step up to the stage and take his spot beside Annie and then she knew. The poor mad girl. His oceanic hues scanned the district until they met with Mags and she gently placed her hand above her chest as he did the same. A sign; a significance that she understood. That they both knew his reasoning and she could feel her heart crying out for him as Finnick would not return. Her tears had only gotten worse and when she was given her rightful goodbye, they never let go and she held onto Finnick with all of her might until she was pulled. The Peacekeepers, practically dragging her from the room as Finnick snapped for them to be kind; for them to not harm her. She had been so old; so fragile. He couldn't fathom knowing that she was in pain. "I love you, Mags!" He cried out, knowing that she would not hear as the doors had already been closed and locked. Here I go again. • • • • • • • • He already knew what to do. He knew what would happen and how this would go. He didn't listen; he only waited. It must have frustrated the mentor as he snapped his fingers, trying to gain back his attention. "Finnick... listen... you might have won but it's a different game now. They've gotten smarter... made it harder." The mentor said, getting a brush of Finnick's shoulder as he focused on Annie. If what the mentor said was true; that meant he needed to always keep his guard up. Sighing, the other stepped away and everyone was given their chance to show off their skills. Finnick didn't have to do much. Everyone knew what he was good at and he knew they'd take that into account as well. Naturally, they watched them but it was their whispers about Annie that left him a little on edge. He could have waltzed about, joined the careers, and flirted his ass off, but he was distracted. Very distracted. That didn't happen often. "No, you're not," Finnick said, whispering softly and standing behind the other. Noticing the scratches on her arm, Finnick rose his hand and gently laced his fingertips with hers to stop her from harming herself any further. With his thumb, he caressed the back of her hand. "I promise." He kept his voice soft; understanding that if he kept his tone low that she wouldn't become afraid of him. "Here... let me help." Maneuvering himself, he stood in front of her before sitting down and crossing his legs. He'd always been very good at making nets, so knots, without a doubt, had been his forte. After all, the guy knew how to weave a basket so good that not even water could seep through. Showing Annie, he helped her take the rope into her hands and very carefully and slowly, he did his best to teach her how to make a net. "See?" He flashed his genuine smile, his hues meeting hers. "Not so hard at all." Still, he could hear the whispers and he knew they were only getting worse due to the attention that he was giving her. "Ignore them by the way..." His attention now on the rope as he began to work on his own knot. "They're small minded." It became silent as the two worked on their knots and he enjoyed the silence as nothing really needed to be said. That, and something told him that Annie didn't have much to say. Finnick was sure that she may have been wondering why he was helping her but something told him that it didn't happen often so why wouldn't she wonder? Either way, he finished his knot and then revealed it to be a noose before wrapping it around his head and tightly pulling it around his neck and handing Annie the end. "I like to go out for walks... make sure you feed me... give me water." He teased, giving another smile and hoping that Annie would react. It was odd and caught her off guard when Finnick came up behind her. She felt his whisper behind her ear first, then the feel of his fingers lacing with hers to refrain her from inflicting any further pain. Annie's eyes fluttered down to their laced fingertips and she stood rigid for a moment, unable to say anything. After all, she knew all about Finnick Odair. She knew he was a previous winner and how all the ladies of the Capitol and their District flocked about after him. He was a ladies' man, a smooth talker. He was Panem's most desired victor. In that moment, Annie had to wonder what prompted Finnick into going through the games once more.