Hold Your Horses Disclaimer: I don't own Twilight Warning: This story contains non-consensual spanking A/N: Hey All! I know I should be posting Week of Tears, but I'm working out some bugs, and while doing that this little story hit me. Enjoy! This takes place during Carlisle's human years when he's 12 years old. NOTE: I feel like a total retard, but I referred to a stallion as a she when it's supposed to be a he. Out of pure laziness (sincerest apologies) I am leaving the story as is. Thank you to those who caught this error Carlisle's POV: "She's gorgeous," I remarked, watching the stallion pawing the ground and loudly snorting. "I know, right?" James agreed. "And your father is selling her?!" I asked incredulously, looking over at my best friend. "You heard him," James replied, "She's too wild. Can't be broken in, he says." I watched the agitated horse as she bumped her large body against both sides of her miniscule stall. Her black coat glinted in the sunlight and I frowned when her eyes landed on me. There was a frenzied look in them, and I stretched out a hand towards her muzzle. "She bites, y'know," James warned me, but I ignored him, stretching my arm out more until it connected with her soft fur. "You're a pretty girl, aren't you," I murmured as she nuzzled my hand. I patted her muzzle before running my hand through her mane. Her frenzied movements ceased momentarily and her loud breaths quieted for a moment as we stared into each other's eyes. "She wants out," I said. "She's dangerous, Carlisle," James stated with a light laugh, "and you're a bleeding heart. Come on, if we're going to ride horses we should go before it gets dark." "I want to ride her," I told him. "Hahaha! Carlisle, don't be ridiculous!" James responded, giving me a slight shove. "I'm being serious!" I crowed, giving him a shove back. "You heard my dad, though," he responded, "she's apparently so dangerous he doesn't want us anywhere near her." "Does she seem dangerous to you?" I questioned, smiling as the horse ate the apple I'd offered her. "Not really," he mumbled, and I grinned at him as I stated, "Help me get her ready. I can break her in." "What? Are you for real?" my friend questioned in shock, and I gave him a cocky grin. "Of course I can!" James bit his lip, looking unsure as his eyes darted towards the direction of his house. "Come on!" I yelled, "Help me out!" James started back me, and I noticed when his hesitation quickly turned to excitement as he rushed to assist me. Together, we both got her bridled, and with some difficulty we managed to get a saddle on her. She fidgeted a lot as we put it on, but that was only natural as she hadn't been broken in yet. Excitement was building in me as I began to mount her. "You sure about this?" James questioned with a bit of uncertainty. "She seems really tense and fidgety. I've never ridden a horse like that." "I've broken in horses before, James, don't worry about it," I told him confidently. "There's also the fact that if my dad catches us, he'll be pissed," he added, and that tidbit did feel me with uneasiness. "We're doing him a favor," I assured him. "Once I break her in, he won't be forced to sell her." "That's true," he agreed, his hesitance disappearing once more with a wide grin. "Alright, Carlisle, you ready?" I settled myself, grabbing hold of the reins tightly. I took in a deep breath, steadying my sudden nerves. I could do this. Arthur would be so happy that I'd helped break in his horse. "Open the gate," I told James, and he swung it open. For a handful of seconds nothing happened, and I frowned lightly before kicking my heels into the horse's flank. Suddenly, it was like a fire was lit and the mare bolted out of its stall. "Woah!" I yelled, pulling on the reins to get her to slow down. She neighed loudly, throwing her head up and down multiple times in an attempt to get me to release my hold on the reins. I didn't give in, and it became sort of a tug of war match between the horse and I over who would gain the upper hand. She trotted around agitatedly as I steered her right and then left. Exhilaration flowed through me as I thought I was doing it. I gave a whoop of delight, throwing my right hand into the air. That's when it all went wrong. My whoop of delight turned into a shout of sudden shock as the horse began to violently buck up and down. "Okay, okay now girl, it's alright—woah!" I yelled, my heart beginning to pound in fright as her movements became even more frenzied. She was neighing loudly, huffing and puffing as she did all she could to buck me off. I could hear James yelling loudly, but I didn't dare even look towards him as I struggled to stay on the stallion. She gave another strong jerk, and I finally lost a grip on the reins. "Ow!" I shouted, as they were ripped from me, and I was suddenly filled with fear as she began to jump back and forth. I quickly wrapped my arms around her neck, but her movements became too much for me. She reared up onto her hind legs and I screamed as I fell back onto the hard ground. I groaned in pain, but had no time to even think because the horse's legs were suddenly coming down towards me. "Carlisle!" I heard James shout in fright, and I rolled away at the last second, the horse's hooves barely missing me. I quickly pulled myself up, but didn't even have time to regain my balance before the horse ran into me and knocked me to my feet. I let out another groan of pain and braced myself for the horse's hooves to hit me when I heard a loud bang. Bang! There was a thud, a strangled neigh from the horse, and then a louder thud as she hit the floor. I uncurled myself and looked at the fallen horse next to me. There was blood coming from her head, and I knew she was dead. She'd been shot. "Carlisle! Carlisle!" I heard James shout as he rushed to me, a frantic look in his eyes. Arthur, his father followed right on his heels, an unreadable look in his eyes. I quickly pulled myself to my feet, dread filling me at the fact that I'd just gotten his horse killed because I'd disobeyed him. James reached me first, wrapping his arms around me as he expressed how glad he was I was alright. I stood frozen, blood pounding in my ears as Arthur reached me. I didn't understand the look in his eyes, so when his hands reached out towards me, I couldn't help but take a step back. "I'm so sorry, sir, what I did was completely foolish and irresponsible," I rushed to say as respectfully as I could. "I shouldn't have disobeyed you. I was arrogant and that got your horse killed. I swear I will find a way to pay for it, but please…" I trailed off, wanting to plead with him to not tell my father, but also feeling I'd deserved whatever I had coming. The thought of being punished first by Arthur and then my father made me sick to my stomach. Arthur retracted his outstretched hands as I began to speak, and that look in his eyes that I couldn't define increased. When I trailed off to keep myself from begging for some sort of mercy he reached out again, and I stood still, knowing that running away or even flinching would result in worse punishment. I braced myself as his hand wrapped itself around the back of my head. I braced myself as he pulled me towards himself, placing my head on his chest before his arms wrapped around me. I was frozen out of shock now, my arms hanging limply at my side as he caressed the back of my head. "I'm sorry," I whispered, really have no idea to react. What was he doing? Why was he doing it? Huh. It felt warm and kind of nice. I found myself relaxing into his arms, but the hug ended before I really wanted it to. He pulled away, both hands on my shoulders, looked me up and down once more before asking, "Are you alright?" There was concern in his words, and I finally realized what the look in his eyes was. It was concern. Concern for me? "I'm fine, sir," I responded promptly, and James chose that moment to speak up. "Carlisle, your hands," he pointed out, and I looked down at them, surprised to see them bleeding profusely. Arthur grabbed hold of them and frowned as he inspected them. The look of concern increased once more and the man sighed as he released my injured hands. "Let's get you to Amelia so she can take care of those hands," he said before bringing up a hand to my face. His hands were gentle as he then took my chin and turned my face to the side. I tensed once more, wondering what he was going to do, but all he did was let out a sigh as he wiped away something on the side of my head. I winced, at the sudden pain, and let out a sigh of my own when I saw his hand had a bit of blood on it. "Come on you two," he stated when he released my chin, and we both trailed behind him towards his home. As we walked James came close to me and bumped into me slightly. I looked towards him and saw concern in his eyes. I gave him a grin as I bumped back into him. I mouthed to him that I was alright and the concern lessened as he smiled back at me. We arrived to his home and Amelia greeted us with a confused expression that quickly turned to concern as she took in my appearance. "Carlisle Cullen," she exclaimed as she hurried towards me, "what in heavens have you done to yourself?" "I'll explain as you get him patched up, love," Arthur remarked before pointing out my injuries. Amelia quickly hustled me to their kitchen where she sat me down. "James, go and get a bucket of water please," she ordered him as she grabbed some herbs from a shelf. She placed different kinds of herbs into a small bowl and began to crush them with a small rock. It was at this point that Arthur explained to his wife what I'd done, and I looked down at my lap, afraid of what her reaction would be. Thankfully, James rushed in at this moment with the bucket of water and Amelia thanked him as she put a rag into the water. She gently grabbed a hold of one hand at a time and wiped away the dirt and blood before then putting the crushed herbs on the cuts. "I know it hurts, sweetie," she spoke softly as she glanced up at my face. "Hmm," I murmured, my eyes transfixed in her bright blue ones. They were full of concern and other emotions I couldn't identify, but somehow I knew they were good ones. My father never looked at me with eyes like this, but perhaps that was because he was a father. Fathers didn't look at their sons like that. Maybe this was only how mothers looked at their sons. Perhaps my mother would've looked at me like this if I hadn't killed her. That thought caused a sudden lump to form in my throat, guilt stirring in