A Lending Hand Disclaimer: Twilight belongs to Stephanie Meyer WARNING: This story contains disciplinary spanking. Please don't read if this is not your thing. A/N: Hello everybody! As always, I've taken my sweet time writing a story. Wasn't so sure for a while if I was going to finish this one. Well, I have and now my mind is running away with me. I've got two stories in mind and I'm not sure which one I want to start with. First story: I said I'd never write this, but I've gotten into my head that it's time I write what happened with the Cullens immediately after the events in Volterra (New Moon). There are many good ones out there that go over this event, but I have an idea that no one has hit upon. Second story: This one would take place after this story specifically. There's tension between Rose and Bella, and it boils over causing a fight to break out. Bella is sorry, but Rose is just pissed. I'm leaning more towards the first story. Anyway, hope you enjoy! Apologies for any errors, but I just wanted to get this posted. Chapter 1: I Don't Want To Carlisle's POV: I leaned against a tree, stomping down my feelings of anxiety as I watched Eleazar staring down at the ground with a frown on his face. My family and I were in Denali taking a much needed vacation after the events of the past month. We had arrived a couple nights ago, and today I had finally decided to inform Eleazar of the events that had brought us here. He had known something had happened, but he'd thankfully let me make the decision of when to tell him. I had asked him to join me for a hunt this morning, and now a couple hours later I had finally finished my tale. I resisted the urge to fidget, not wanting to let my oldest friend know what I was feeling. He had remained silent the entire time I had spoken, and I was grateful for that as it had made telling my story easier; but at the same time it also unnerved me as I didn't know what he was thinking. His hands were on his hips now as he silently paced around for a bit. I wondered what he was thinking. After a few more seconds of pacing, he stopped and finally looked at me. Without really thinking, I found myself straightening. "You apologized to them?" he questioned, and I nodded my head. "Yes," I replied, "Esme got us all together to talk as things had become strained, and I apologized for being so harsh with them. I realized I had gone too far, especially with Rosalie and Alice. I allowed my fear to get the best of me, and hiding behind the front of coven leader I punished them." I shifted from one foot to another, uncrossing and then crossing my arms. A look of disappointment marred the Spaniard's face, and I suddenly felt rather ashamed of myself. I found myself looking away as I couldn't stomach his look of disappointment. I heard the older man's sigh before he called my name causing me to lift my head. His expression still showed disappointment, and I bit my bottom lip. This had been the reason I had put off telling him. Eleazar had long since become more than just a friend, he had become my older brother, an older brother who less than a handful of times had taken to treating me like an errant child when he felt it was necessary. For having no children, this man knew very well how to deliver an effective scolding. I supposed it had to do with him having been the eldest of 9 brothers and sisters in his human life. He had experience with something else as well, something he'd only threatened me with but had yet to feel the need to follow through with. I hoped to keep it that way. "I can see why your family felt the need for a vacation," Eleazar commented evenly. "I can also see why things have seemed somewhat tense between you and your children." I just nodded, holding back a grimace at how observant he'd been. Things were better between the children and I, but as Eleazar had noted, there was still some tenseness. There was still a bit of wariness on their part and guilt on my part. We were still shying away from reach other. Earning their forgiveness and trust would take time; and truth be told, it would take some time for them to earn my complete trust back as well. "Although we have both apologized to each other," I responded sadly, "It will take some time for them to truly forgive me and be able to trust me as they did before. I messed up, Eleazar," I confessed in a near whisper. "I would be in complete agreement with that, hermanito ," he remarked, and I couldn't help the small smile that graced my features at his referral to me as hermanito (little brother). I heckled him often about how I was older than him, but in truth he was 10 years older than me physically, which made him the older brother. It was nice to have someone who I could be totally free with. A man who was not my responsibility. A man who, although I told him it was unnecessary, looked after me instead of the other way around. There were times, however, such as now that I longed for him as just a friend rather than an older brother. "It does appear as though you let that temper of yours get the better of you," Eleazar then stated, and I resisted the urge to glare or look embarrassed. I knew I used to have issues with my temper, but that was years ago. I had learned to control it before I'd even turned Edward. Eleazar, of course, knew me before then, though, and he had witnessed my temper first hand. He had witnessed the trouble it had landed me in with Caius. I hoped he'd forgotten the younger, more foolish me, but it seemed he hadn't. Damn vampire memory. "I had my temper under control," I refuted, "I didn't punish them out of anger." "No?" he questioned with a raised eyebrow. "Then please explain what led to your serious lapse in judgment." I openly frowned at him, not liking how he was treating me like a disobedient child. I had owned up to my mistake, and I had discussed it with my family. Apologies had been made, and now all that was needed was time for things to go back to the way they were…at least I hoped things could go back to the way they were. "I told you I was afraid," I explained somewhat tersely. "They endangered their lives and that of our family. They could have exposed us, and you know what would have happened had the Volturi got wind of this. They would destroy my family, Eleazar and I wouldn't be able to stop it. Those children were foolish and idiotic!" I snapped, fear and anger coursing through me. Fear at what could have been, and anger at the reminder of their disobedience, and at the fact that Eleazar was trying to scold me. "And there goes your temper," he simply stated, giving me a pointed look that only served to further incense me. I gritted my teeth to keep from saying anything I would regret while at the same time trying to calm myself down. How easily this man was able to push my buttons. How easily I was able to lose the tight control I always had on my emotions. Eleazar kept his golden eyes trained on me, and I knew he was reading me as well as I was reading him. He felt justified in his accusation. He felt I was beginning to act childish right now, so I glared while letting a growl rumble in my chest. Eleazar responded with raised eyes and upturned hands. "Calm, my brother, calm," he ordered softly. "I do not mean to offend you, rather I only mean to point out certain things you seem to not want to notice." "Like what?" I asked. "You lost control with your niños, Carlisle, and you seem to fluctuate between agreeing and disagreeing with me," he informed me. "You made a big mistake, sì?" "Yes," I replied quietly, my stomach churning uneasily. "You were too harsh with your children?" he then asked, and my stomach churned even more as I nodded my head, letting out a very quiet, "Yes." "What they did scared you," he stated factually. "It scared you so much that you let your anger overshadow it," he continued, and I opened my mouth to disagree, but he held a hand up to keep me from interrupting me. "I agree that they went too far. They did endanger your family, but while their actions were very wrong, so were yours. It is not fair, Carlisle, but as head of your family you are held to a higher standard." Eleazar paused, looking me over before continuing to speak. "You let your fear control you. You then let your anger overshadow that fear because fear is a weakness, am I correct?" he asked, and I winced internally at his spot on assessment. I didn't answer him, though, so he repeated with a mild touch of irritation, "Am I correct?" "Yes, you are correct," I spoke stiffly. "It did not stop there, though," the man continued relentlessly, and I mentally groaned. "You knew you should not allow your anger to get the better of you so you allowed yourself to react as coven leader. Now, you are the coven leader, Carlisle, and there will be times it is necessary for you to act as such; but I personally do not agree that this was one of those moments." "When I do or do not act like coven leader is not for you to decide," I retorted smoothly, and he nodded his head. "You are correct," he conceded full heartedly, "you do know your family better than I, and I would never presume to tell you how to behave with your family. However," he added seriously, his voice deepening, "when I do feel the need to step in is when you mistreat your family." I internally flinched at those words. "You donned on the hat of coven leader in order to justify your anger," he continued speaking, taking a few steps closer to me. "Your fear was understandable, but you dealt with it in a poor manner. You covered it with anger, and then took on the persona of coven leader to deal with your anger. You closed yourself off, which allowed you the ability to deliver the harsh punishments to your children without hesitation." My mind raced as I tried to come up with some sort of response. I wanted to argue and refute his claims, but his words struck a chord. They rang true, and I knew there was no response other than to give my reluctant nod of agreement. I licked my suddenly dry lips before quietly admitting, "You're right, that is exactly what I did." Eleazar stepped right up to me now, placing a hand on my shoulder as he then said, "And this is why you still feel guilt." "I'm not…," I began to argue before letting out a sigh. He was once more correct. I ran a hand through my hair, turning away from Eleazar as I suddenly felt uncomfortable. He nailed it on the head. He knew exactly what I had done and why without me actually saying it out loud. Esme may have suspected, but she trusted me enough to not question me. I will admit I was rather surprised by how little she had said in regards to