Naughty Newborn Disclaimer: I do not own Twilight Warning: This story will contain disciplinary SPANKING of a teenage vampire, so if this bothers you, then DON'T READ OR FLAME ! A/N: Hey everybody! First off, I'm going to apologize that this story isn't Past and Present. This story came to me one day and wouldn't leave me until I wrote it. No worries though, now that I've got it out of my system I can go back to working on Past and Present . It's at least at the halfway point, if not further, but knowing me it'll still be some time before it comes out. Sorry. I'll do my best to write faster. So, this story revolves around newborn vampire Bella. She has been a vampire for about 8 months now and gets herself into some trouble. This is AU from the series because Breaking Dawn will have basically never happened. Bella was turned shortly after graduation, there was a wedding, but no honeymoon and no Renesmee. Also, Bella is not some super newborn with freakish control. That won't work for my story. And the Cullens are living somewhere in Alaska. Enjoy! Chapter 1: Unsupervised Hunting Bella's POV: I flopped down onto my bed in complete and utter boredom. I was home, totally alone and bored out of my mind. Dad was at work and Mom had been gone the past week with Rosalie and Alice in New York City. I had really wanted to go with them even though it was going to be mostly shopping. I'd never been to New York and they had awesome museums and Broadway plays that I really wanted to see. I hadn't been allowed to go, of course because I had yet to get my thirst under control, or at least that's what Dad felt. What did he know though? At least they were all coming back tomorrow, and although Edward and my siblings would be attending school come Monday, Mom would at least be here to keep me company. The sunlight shone in my room and I extended my arm into it, still fascinated by the way my skin sparkled like diamonds. Roving my eyes about the room I then smiled at all the colors and textures I could now see. How wonderful my new senses were! Everything was so much brighter and vivid now, new colors that I could never have even imagined surfacing. I could hear the swaying of the branches, the chattering of squirrels and the squawking of a bird, followed by the beat of its wings as it took flight. The scents of my room, the house, and from outside wafted through my nose, venom flooding into my mouth as I caught the scent of a deer. I was surprised to smell one so close as most animals instinctively knew to stay far away from our house. My throat began to ache and I swallowed back the venom. I couldn't leave the house, so I forced the scent out of my mind, focusing instead on my current predicament of mind numbing boredom. I wished Edward was here, I thought sourly, but he was at the hospital with Dad getting his required community service hours for school. The entire school was given some project on the importance of giving back to the community so all my siblings had to partake in this as well. Alice and Rosalie had taken care of their hours before break, but Edward and my brothers had waited to the last minute. Edward had chosen the hospital because he'd get to spend some time with Dad, which these days was a hard thing to do, and because he had two medical degrees. Jasper had chosen to work at a retirement home, and I was at first surprised until he had told me that the scent of the elderly was the least potent to him, and he enjoyed using his gift and charm to help people. Emmett's choice was to help out at an orphanage as basically a baby sitter. He helped watch the kids, entertaining them with games, movies, and extravagant stories. It was the perfect role for him, and he too seemed to really enjoy what he did. I let out a sigh, sitting up and staring about my room for something to do. The boys had been doing their community service all week, leaving in the morning and coming back in the evening, so I only got to really spend time with any of them during the night. If they'd just spread out their hours during the past two months like my sisters had done they wouldn't have had to go for so long and leave me all alone for all these darn hours. My mind was restless. I was going stir crazy. I wanted to be out and about. I wanted to go into town and wander. I wanted to talk to people outside my immediate family. I wanted to test myself. I wanted to prove that I was ready to be around humans. The quicker I could prove this to Dad, the quicker he'd let me go out with Edward and my siblings, and-and, hell, the sooner I'd even get to go to school! Anything would beat sitting here and doing nothing. Standing up abruptly I walked over towards my window and stared longingly out into the forest. I would've thought that after eight months Dad would at least trust me to go out into the woods alone. I mean there were never any humans out there so there was no need for him to fear a slip up. I could be trusted, didn't he know that? Did he forget how responsible and mature I was? I wouldn't get into trouble out there! I could hunt on my own. I didn't need at least two escorts with me just to go for a run. I was an independent young woman and I needed my freedom! The overprotectiveness of my family was stifling me. And it wasn't only my parents who were strict, it was my siblings and even Edward as well! My siblings at least sympathized with my restlessness, but they just urged me to have patience. They kept telling me that with time I'd get back my freedoms, but I was tired of waiting! I felt I was ready to be out around humans, but they all disagreed. I'd done just fine the two times I'd come across them. A delivery man came to our door once unexpectedly and while I obviously didn't answer the door, I was in the house when my mother did and I didn't turn into a monster and try to kill him. My throat had ached horribly, and it had been a rough mental battle but I had persevered. The second time happened when I'd been out hunting with Dad and Edward. I had unknowingly strayed close to town, and there had been a couple of teenagers fooling around on the outskirts of the woods. I had only gotten a single whiff of them when Dad and Edward were dragging me away. I hadn't fought them at all, and while I had looked at the incident as a success, Dad had looked at it as too close a call. If only they'd just let me practice or something. If they'd just take me closer to town more and more, then I could grow accustomed to human scents and learn how to ignore them as my family did. I'd brought this up with Dad, but he had shot me down. He'd given me a sympathetic, understanding look before point blank telling me I wasn't ready. I hadn't appreciated his kind eyes or his words so I had loudly growled at him only to fall completely silent when he growled right back. He'd scolded me and warned me not to growl at him before sending me to my room to cool down. Not having appreciated him treating me like a child throwing a tantrum, I… well, I stormed out like a child throwing a tantrum, slamming his office door so hard it flew off the hinges and crashed into the opposite wall narrowly missing Dad who'd had the good sense to move out of the way. I'd stared at the damage I caused in open mouthed astonishment, not having intended for that to have happened at all. Anger completely gone I barely had time to register that I may have gone a bit too far when Dad appeared right in front of me, bent me over, tucking me under his left arm before he began to spank me right there in the hallway. Emmett, Rosalie, and Alice who'd appeared in the hallway when they heard the breaking of the door thankfully dispersed while I received my punishment, but it was still embarrassing. Dad only gave me twenty swats, so while it had hurt I was really more embarrassed and ashamed by the whole incident than anything. I had expected much worse, but Dad explained afterwards that he knew I hadn't meant to destroy his door, and that he understood how frustrated and cooped up I was feeling. His merciful attitude extended only so far though, and after lecturing me on learning to control my temper and strength and sentencing me to my room for the rest of the day he gave me a very strict warning. He said, "Isabella, listen closely because I want you to take this warning to heart. You are not ready to be among humans. You are not ready to hunt alone or be outside unsupervised. I'm sorry, I truly am that this causes you distress, but that's just the way it is. If you break my rules—If you at any point leave this house on your own I will take my belt to you, is that understood ?" I'd of course given him my word, and two months afterwards I'd yet to break it, fear of his belt proving to be quite the motivator; but it was getting harder and harder. I'd been good. I'd stopped complaining and pestering him and Mom about taking me out. I'd followed all the rules, but still they didn't trust me. Still they treated me like I'd just woken up to this life. I'd talked to Edward about this and he'd offered to talk to Dad, but I'd told him not to. I didn't want Dad to think I was complaining once more. I wanted him to know that I was being mature, at least that was what I used to feel. Right now I was fed up. I'd been left stewing here all week all by myself practically while they got to go out and have fun! I was tired of this! I was tired of being treated like a toddler who needed to be constantly babysat! I stared out my open window, taking in another huge breath. A myriad of scents enveloped my senses and as I watched the trees sway it was as though they were beckoning me. I could do this. I could go out just for a little bit. I could go out for a quick hunt, just to prove everybody wrong. I was due for a hunt tonight anyways. Wouldn't they be proud that I'd been able to go on my own? I would show them that I could be trusted and that they no longer had to watch over me. I had good control. And maybe, maybe I'd even go near town and start to test myself. Only for a little while, of course. That couldn't hurt anything; and wouldn't they all be impressed once they realized how great my control was? Without realizing it, I found myself perched on the windowsill, my legs bent and tensed, ready to send me out into the open. Freedom, I thought, complete freedom. There would be no one to watch me or make me feel like I was dangerous. I would