Past and Present Disclaimer: I do not own Twilight Warning: This story will contain DISCIPLINARY SPANKING of a teenage vampire, so if that offends you then DO NOT READ OR FLAME! A/N: Hello again to all you lovely readers! It's been so long, haha! So sorry this story took me so long, but it just wouldn't stop changing on me. I really only intended for this story to focus on Alice and how she deals with her past, but two other Cullens weren't too keen with that. It'll start out with Alice as the focus before shifting to our favorite cowboy, then dear Daddy C for a moment, and then back to Jasper dearest. Those two blonde hunks just don't know how to share the limelight. Oh well, I really hope you enjoy this guys! This takes place during New Moon when the Cullens are away from Forks. I can't for the life of me remember where they went, so I'm putting them in Anchorage, Alaska. Also, I will be getting into Alice's past. I will be using Stephanie Meyer's version, but unlike in the book Alice will find out all her tragic history. Chapter 1: The Build Up Alice's POV: High school. Hmph. It should be called purgatory...or hell. Why did I sentence myself to this? I should've just gone the college route like Jasper. Sigh. Why was I here again? What in the name of all that was good and holy in this world make me think that coming to high school, and coming alone would be such a brilliant idea? I racked my mind for a plausible reason as I changed into my dreaded PE clothes. Whoever decided fluorescent orange t-shirts with shockingly unattractive turquoise sweats was a good idea needed to have their head checked. I grimaced at that thought. Head checked. Crazy… Don't think about that! But that was the reason I did this though, wasn't it? That was the reason I put myself through this mindless monotony day after day. That was the reason I endured the torture of two-bit wenches like Cassie , I thought vilely as I subtly glared at the girl from across the locker room. I changed quickly, so quickly I was already heading towards the doors of the locker room before most people had even gotten their lockers opened. As I passed by Cassie and her loyal dog Marian I couldn't help but overhear as Cassie whispered to her friend, "There goes the little freak. God, she is so damn weird!" Marian giggled her agreement, and I just gritted my teeth, exiting the locker room as though I hadn't heard them; because of course, no human would have. Just my damned luck that I was a vampire with stupid supersonic hearing who couldn't do anything against horrid bimbos because a certain stubborn, old vampire doctor wouldn't understand! So damned unfair! The door slammed so loudly behind me that I heard several shrieks from the girls, two of them being Cassie and Marian. I smirked. Making the short trek into the gym I let out a sigh before going and sitting on the benches. As I sat, my mind unwittingly began to go to unpleasant places. It seemed that was all my mind was able to focus on anymore. The bad. The depressing. The regret. Bella, I thought painfully. Oh how I missed you, Bella. How I wished we had never left you or Forks. How I wished my stupid brother would just wise up and go back to you. He would go back, I reassured myself. I still saw the vision of Bella as a vampire. It was still clear as day despite my idiotic brother's attempts to keep her 'safe'. I hope you hang in there, little sis, I thought caringly. We all love you and we will return, you'll see. I know it hurts, I've caught small glimpses of your pain, but you will endure and you will be happy someday. Edward will come back to you and so will we, I promise you. I pushed Bella out of my mind, the thought of her causing me too much pain. I knew she was hurting even without my visions. How could she not? I had seen how much she loved not only Edward, but each and every one of us; and we had completely abandoned her. We had left her alone to fend for herself. My little sister, who invited danger at every turn was all alone while I sat here readying myself to play nicely with the other children. I grinded my teeth tightly, holding down a hiss. This was all Edward's fault. And Dad's! Edward was being stupid and over reactive, but at least he had somewhat of an excuse. This was his first time in love, and it happened to be with a human whose blood sang to him. Also, despite all his years Edward was still a 17 year old boy who tended quite often to act as all teenagers did, without thought. What was Dad's excuse? Why in the hell did he agree to leave Forks? He knows…He knows that Bella is Edward's mate! He knows that Edward will never be able to stay away from her. So why leave? Why not just let lover boy do his noble thing and leave? Why take all of us? I thought he loved Bella like a daughter, but this sure didn't seem like it! Didn't he realize what this would do to Bella? A couple is two people, two! So if Edward is suffering, wouldn't it be safe to assume that Bella is suffering as well? And at least Edward had all of us, despite his decision to abandon us all to go play the hero. Who did Bella have? Who could she turn to for comfort? Nobody, that's who! She had no one who could truly understand what she went through. Bella was alone and Carlisle had allowed this to happen! Some dad, I thought viciously. I felt a twinge of guilt at my thoughts, but roughly pushed them away. I had a right to be angry! Dads shouldn't abandon their kids. They shouldn't leave them alone. I pulled my knees up to my chest and wrapped my arms around them. A cold, unsettling feeling entered my chest, and it suddenly felt hollow. I wished Jasper was—No, it was best that he was at college. If he were here he would just be worrying himself to death, especially since I didn't plan on telling him what was bothering me. He was the reason I chose to isolate myself to this hell hole. I couldn't stand his worried looks and concerned words. I couldn't stand causing him pain. I didn't want to talk about it. He wouldn't understand. I wished Emmett and Rosalie hadn't left. If they were here I wouldn't feel so horrible. They'd give me my space, and I would no longer be alone. Our family wouldn't feel so broken. Anger built up in me at this thought, and I suddenly found myself feeling quite resentful towards them as well. Why did they have to leave? We're their family! They should be here when we need them the most! But like Edward, they abandoned us at the first sign of trouble. Who does that? I seethed silently, cursing Edward, Emmett, Rosalie, and Carlisle for the situation I was in. I noticed children beginning to arrive in droves, and I stood up. No need for them to see me in such a vulnerable state. It didn't take much longer for Ms. Stevenson to come out and order us all to line up for warm ups. I sighed heavily, once more questioning my decision to come to high school. So I came to just escape Jasper's incessant nagging? Yes, and the droll drivel would give me plenty of time to sort through my thoughts… How's that been working? Um…not too well. Avoidance seems to be the name of the game. What are you avoiding? "Cullen!" I heard Ms. Stevenson call, and I blinked a few times before staring at her, noticing right away that I was the only one not in the push up position. Oops. "Quit day dreaming Ms. Cullen, and get on the ground like the rest of your classmates or I'll have you doing pushups the rest of class." "Sorry Ms. Stevenson," I replied before doing as told. I heard the snickers of several of the kids, Cassie's the most notable. "Jeez, she's so damn loopy," Cassie muttered, and I flinched. There were several muffled laughs from those near her, but Ms. Stevenson had not heard. I closed my eyes briefly and inhaled a deep breath. Calm Alice, calm, I told myself. Don't let that little twat get to you. Her comments mean nothing. They cannot hurt you. But they do! Oh my god, but they really do hurt. My breathing became a little more unsteady, which went unnoticed as most everyone was out of breath by the end of our warm up. Ms. Stevenson began splitting us up into teams at this point, and I barely refrained from yelling when I ended up on Cassie's team. She gave me a mean look before chatting up the boys on our team. I glumly followed them all when we headed towards the farthest end of the courts. We were playing volleyball, and I almost walked out of the gym when I saw Marian, Cassie's best friend on the other team. The two girls immediately rushed to each other and began talking as the boys began to play. I stood at a far corner, pretending to be waiting for the ball to come my way; however, I had no real intent on actually playing. My mind was too focused on more important matters than this ridiculous game. 'Loopy' she'd called me. She had no idea. According to my medical papers I had been—was—no, had been certifiably insane. Wonder what they'd say to that, I thought darkly. Insane. Me. My stomach clenched tightly, my thoughts unfortunately turning in a direction I had managed to avoid for weeks. My siblings had often joked about how crazy I was. They had no idea how true they were. Sigh. Why did I go? Why did I feel the need to search into my past? I had obviously lost my memories for a reason, so why couldn't I just let them stay lost? Why? Because I wanted to have a past like everybody else in the family. I wanted to know who I was and where I came from. I wanted an identity! I knew when I started the search that I might not like what I found, but…All my family had trauma in their pasts. They had all suffered, but they had also persevered. They were wiser and stronger because of what they had endured and conquered. They could all look back on their memories as a point of reference, but what about me? They remembered what it felt like to be human, and what it meant to be human. What about me though? The few times I'd mentioned missing my memories, my family had commented off-handedly that I was lucky to not remember. They all mentioned that I probably didn't want to remember. I hadn't been able to understand that, so when I'd been given my first clue, courtesy of James I grasped onto it like a life line. James had said I'd been in an asylum and that a vampire doctor had changed me out of pity. I hadn't really known what to think when I'd seen that video and heard those words. So I was crazy, I had remembered thinking. No one had allowed me to think that though. The family had all assured me that I'd probably had visions as a human, and because people misunderstood my gift I had been put in a hospital. I remembered wondering what my human family had