Newlyweds Disclaimer: Everything you recognise from the Harry Potter series is property of J.K Rowling. No copyright infringement is intended. And Star Wars also, obviously, belongs to George Lucas and not me. "Is this it?" "Must be." "It can't be." "I think it is." The two figures looked up in awe at the two storey house that Mrs. Potter described as 'a quaint little cottage'. It loomed over them, larger than life, as far from 'quaint' and 'little' as a house could possibly be. "You must have got the address wrong." The woman in the wedding dress looked over at her companion, a tall man in a black tux. "This can't be it." "Oh, this is it," replied the man, studying the piece of paper in his hand intently. "Along with explicit instructions, Mum enclosed a picture, just in case we missed it." He handed her a black and white photo, a miniature of the house sitting in front of them. "Christ, James," whispered the woman. "We can't take this!" "Well, we can't give it back either," replied James grimly. "Mum promised she'd hex me if we did." "Bloody hell." The woman handed back the photo and looked up at the house. "So… Does that mean..." "That this is our house?" Asked James, grinning. "Why, yes, I think so." He pushed open the little white gate that lead up the path to the house. "After you, Mrs. Potter." Mrs. Potter looked at the gate, unimpressed. James nudged her. "Evans? You still with us?" Lily looked up at him and made an expectant face. "Aren't you going to... You know?" She gestured to the gate. James' face fell. "What?" "I don't want to say it. It's stupid. It's too girly." "Tell me, Evans." "Isn't it time we dropped that? We are married, after all. And my name isn't Evans anymore, technically." "Old habits die hard." He grinned. "Tell me, Evans." "Don't make me say it. I'll sound stupid." She slipped her small hand into his big one. "You could never sound stupid," James said sincerely, pulling her closer and wrapping an arm around her waist. "You're the smartest person I know. Including Remus. And my mother." Lily laughed. "Not even a day of marriage and you're already comparing me to your mother?" "Hey, my mother's amazing, don't even try to pretend otherwise," retorted James, acting offended. Lily laughed. "Sorry, Potter." She reached up and kissed him slow on the mouth. "I can see that you're trying to distract me with your sexual charms, Evans, but it won't work," said James prissily, removing her lips from his. "Now tell me what it is you want me to do!" Lily sighed, receding on her tippy toes. "Alright. Fine. It's sappy, but...I would like for you to...carry me across the threshold." James smile faded. "Excuse me?" "To - see, I knew it was stupid!" "It's not stupid, it's not! Explain it to me, please." Lily sighed. "You know how, in Muggle films and stuff the husband carries the wife across the threshold of their new home together? Well-" "What's a film?" Asked James, his brow furrowing in confusion. "You know!" Cried Lily, exasperated. "A film. Like that one I took you to in the cinema a few years ago? What was it called? Star -" "Star Wars!" James eyes lit up in recognition. "The moving picture thing where they were all duelling each other with glowing wands." "Well, I think they were called lightsabers, but-" "I'd love a glowing wand," said James thoughtfully. "Do you think Ollivander makes them?" "James-" "I'd bet he does. Do you reckon Sirius would want one too? How much do they cost?" "James-" "I don't remember anybody getting married in Star Wars though," James frowned. "What are you on about?" "Oh, never mind. Just - just pick me up, will you? James shrugged. "I don't know if I can, Lil. I'm not as young as I used to be." Lily hit him on the arm, laughing. "You're 19!" "Yes, but I'm a husband now. A kept man. And you're my old ball and chain." James grinned at her. "Shut up." "I might as well give up on my youth now. Buy a rocking chair. Take up gardening. Say crotchety old man things like "back in my day..." "Oh Merlin, I'll just walk!" Cried Lily, throwing her hands up in the air and marching down the path. She was about halfway to the door before her feet were swept out from under her and she was flung over her husband's shoulder. "James!" "And what an amazing show of strength from James Potter!" commentated James, flexing the muscles in his free arm. "He's like a machine! No surprise really, when he lead Gryffindor House to House Cup victory three years in a row! What a champ! What a hero! What a looker! But sorry, ladies, he's taken, by an extremely complainy -" " Complainy ?" "-Albeit very lovely woman," James backpedalled quickly. "A very very lovely woman he could not live without. Oh look, we're here." James set Lily down in front of the red door. "Was that what you wanted?" He asked cheekily. "Something to that effect," she smirked. "Are you going to open the door?" "Merlin, do I have to do everything around here?" James groaned, pushing on the handle nonetheless. To his surprise, the door opened easily and he promptly fell into their new home. "Nice," Lily laughed. "As graceful as ever." "Don't talk to me about grace, Evans," said James smartly from his position on the floor. "You haven't been exactly known for elegance yourself." "Excuse me!" Cried Lily. "I am the very embodiment of elegance." "Oh please," James scoffed. "Remus is the embodiment of elegance. Lithe, airless, delicate..." "Sounds like you'd rather marry Remus than me." "You," continued James, ignoring her, "Stomp everywhere. You're a stomper. Face it, Lils, it wasn't for your gentle manner and way with embroidery that I married you." Lily thumped him. He grinned. "Ah yes, forgive me, I can indeed see now what a delicate and dainty woman you are." "Prick," Lily muttered, stepping over him and continuing down the narrow hallway. James hopped up and followed after her. "Wouldn't want a fragile woman anyway," he called, dusting himself off. "Couldn't handle the silence. Your stomping can be very companionable at times, you know?" "Shut up!" "I always know where you are," James carried on. "You can never sneak up on me because -" "James, look!" James turned a sharp corner and suddenly found himself in a large room with shining hardwood floors. A small light fixture hung from the ceiling, throwing out a soft yellow light across the room. Two French doors on the far left wall led out onto a patio, and beyond that lay an overgrown garden, with - he squinted - what looked like a Gnome commune overrunning the abandoned shed. There was a brick fireplace tucked in to the wall facing him and - amazingly - the faded red couch from his bedroom at home sitting smack bang in the middle of the floor. Apart from that, the sitting room - for that's what it had to be, it had to be a sitting room - was unfurnished, but there was something so...cosy about it. Warm. Comfortable. Homely? James surveyed the room, completely in awe of two things: His mother's shrewd eye for property (seriously, well done Mum) and at the fact that this 'cottage' was now a home. Their home. The Potter's Home. Lily was also standing in the middle of the room, cradling something small in her arms. "James, look!" She cried and held the bundle of fur out to him. "It's a cat!" At the sight of the cat, James paled and skittered back a few steps. The black and white cat meowed dully at him in greeting and then turned its attention back to Lily, who was scratching its head and cooing at it in delight. "Ooh, it's a lovely cat, yes you are! Yes you are a lovely pussycato, oh yes you are, oooh yes." She looked up at him and smiled. "Come over here and pet the cat." "No, I-" James cleared his throat, keeping his back against the wall. "I'm alright, thanks." Lily frowned. "What are you talking about? Come over here and pet the cat." "No," James enunciated clearly. "I said, I'm alright, thanks." Lily frowned again, but suddenly a flash of understanding crossed her face and she burst out laughing. "You're afraid of the cat!" "Am not!" Argued James, but the minute Lily put the cat down, he visibly tensed. "I can't believe it!" Cried Lily, still laughing. "James Potter, a man who's literally run with werewolves ... who's flown broomsticks to the highest of heights ... who's faced down Voldemort, not to mention Minerva McGonagall... is afraid of cats? You must be joking!" A pause. And then: "Cats are some of the most feral creatures in the household environme-" Lily shrieked with laughter and James yelped, as the cat had jumped in fright at the sound of Lily's voice. "You're afraid of cats! You're afraid of cats! Merlin, I can't believe this! Does Sirius know?" "Sirius has capitalised on it a number of times," muttered James. "Lily, seriously, can you -?" "Can I what?" James hesitated, then mumbled "Can you move the cat out of the way so I can sit down?" Still grinning, Lily scooped the cat off the floor and flopped down on the threadbare worn couch. James followed suit, never taking his eyes off the cat. Lily scoffed. "Oh honestly James, it won't attack you. It's a nice cat." "All cats are nice," James warned her profoundly, "Until they're not." Lily rolled her eyes, and let go of the cat so that it leapt off her lap. "Well, get ready to be cured, because we're keeping the cat." James gave a derisive snort. "We are not keeping that cat." Lily turned to him. "Oh yes, we most certainly are keeping it!" "We're not. We're going to give it away." "To who?" "To Sirius." "To Sirius?" "Yeah." "Sirius Black, the shapeshifting dog?" "I hear dogs and cats get along quite well, no?" "Look, we can't just give away Mittens!" James cocked an eyebrow at her. "Mittens? You named the cat Mittens ?" "Mittens is a perfectly respectable cat name," replied Lily defensively. "Don't you mean," James flashed a meaningful grin at her, " Purrfectly respectable?" "Oh, Merlin help me." "Look," said James, running a hand through his hair, "If we were going to keep the cat - which we're not - we couldn't call it Mittens . We'd have to give it a cool name." Lily looked at him doubtfully. "Like?" "Like... like, I don't know. Baron Von Whiskers. Dr. McCoolPaws. Egbert the Meowful. You know. Cool names." Lily stared at him disparagingly. "Remind me not to let you name the baby." "I'm totally naming the baby," retorted James. "I called dibs on naming the baby." "You can't call dibs on naming the baby. It's a joint decision." "Well, you didn't call dibs on naming the baby, so..." Lily closed her eyes in exasperation. "You're actually a three year old." "My dad dropped me on my head when I was a three year old," James supplied helpfully. "Brought me to Saint Mungo's and all. Mum never found out." Lily smirked at him. "That explains a lot." "It does, doesn't it?" He mused. "Yeah. He was a good dad, my dad. Aside from that one minor mishap." James was suddenly lost in thought, his eyes unfocused. Lily covered his hand with hers. "You'll be a great dad, just like him," she told James softly. James snapped out of his trance and grinned at her. "Course I will. Especially after I give the baby the best name ever." Lily threw her head back and groaned. "For the love of Merlin..." "Now, let's see," pondered James. "There