A week earlier Leo had been spiraling down to an island in the middle of nowhere on the back of a giant bronze. Now he sits on the same dragon attempting to leave the island in the middle of nowhere. Calypso s luggage was held onto the back of the dragon with cables and ropes while Calypso held onto Leo. He had never been a romantic, loving person, and wasn t even a person person. He d always counted on machines and jokes for protection and love. Now Calypso sat behind him squeezing him. Someone he knew he could count on. Where he was had been a different matter. They simply flew off into the sky not knowing where they were going. They hadn t run into the island again so Leo took that as a good sign. He was also slightly worried because all machines on Festus like compasses or the GPS were scrambled for some reason. There was a sick feeling deep down inside his stomach because it dawned on him his friend s didn t know if he was alive or not. He struggled to keep down the need to scream. He struggled to keep in his anger at the world. He wanted to scream into the air asking why, why he had to be ripped away from his friend s, why he couldn t get back to them. But it was impossible. The idea that they could escape was unrealistic to Leo. And they thought he was gone, flung into nothingness, engulfed by the darkness, left in the cold. But no, he was on a warm bronze dragon with the girl of his dreams clinging to him. It shouldn t have happened this way. It shouldn t have happened. An hour had passed, and then two. They flew and flew and flew and yet, nothing. They were both afraid of what was to come. There was no way to get back to the island now. They were just flying over a seemingly endless ocean with almost no food. Day turned into night quickly and both Leo and Calypso grew tired. Leo clicked a button and bunk beds in an alcove appeared. It was a small square room made of durable bronze with matching blue beds. Leo switched Festus into autopilot mode and they fell asleep. Light snuck in through the small holes for windows in the sleeping alcove and Leo found Calypso wrapped in his arms in his bottom bunk. Not wanting to wake her, Leo just lay there thinking about what his friend s were doing. Probably celebrating the war being over, if it even was over. Leo realized then that his friend s might not know what happened to him but he didn t know what had happened to his friends. What if they-no, he couldn t even begin to think like that. He knew somewhere, they were alive. What s for breakfast? grumbled a waking Calypso. I m thinking I want pancakes. But we don t have any so fruit. they both rolled out of the bed and started to climb onto the dragon s back. Leo jammed the button again and the sleeping alcove sunk back into Festus. Leo pressed another button and out came a carpeted platform with short gold fences to keep from falling. They climbed up to the platform and started taking fruit out of Calypso s food pack. They came up with two oranges, a box of strawberries, and a container of grapes. As they eat they talk. They talk about random things in their conversation. They finish and Calypso packs away the food. They continue their conversation and soon it comes to the topic of escape. Do you think we ll make it out? Calypso asked looking off into the distance. I don t know. replied Leo. Calypso crawls over to him and curls up with her head in his lap. I m so scared. What if we don t make it out? she sniffled. We will. I promise. and she lifted her head. They sat facing each other, just looking into each other's eyes. Quick as a snap Calypso leaned in and kissed Leo. What was that for? Leo asked. It s just that, I m really glad you did this for me. Even if we don t make it. Leo grinned. Anything for you. Out of the corner of his eyes Leo saw a glitter, not of the sea though, but of iron. Calypso, oh my gods Calypso look. he said pointing and they both climb back onto Festus s back. Leo clicked the button that took away the platform as they watched the land get closer and closer. As they watched Leo realized it was the shore of Camp Jupiter. He recognized the buildings and the streets. We made it. Calypso we made it! Their eyes met in a collective excitement and they both sang a little happy song in their mind. Festus touched down on the shore and they slid off of his back. Leo collapsed Festus into his suitcase form and they started up the hill to Reyna s house. It took a while but they got there. Calypso was amazed by everything. The architecture, the people, the fauns, and the great smell coming from the pavilion. Must ve been lunch time. By the time they had made it to Reyna s house the sun had started to go down. Leo knocked on the door, three times hard. They heard footsteps and the door opened. Oh my gods. Leo? said a surprised Reyna. She pulled him into a hug. We thought you were dead. she sounded shocked but with no depression. Well, Hello world! Leo s back from the dead! Leo yelled with excitement. So where is everyone else? Leo asked. Well Hazel and Frank decided to go and visit camp Half-Blood. They ll be back in about a month, I guess. Leo frowned. What about Jason? Reyna sighed as it to say why. He s going to camp Half-Blood now. He didn t want to be separated from Piper. Leo grinned and turned to Calypso. Looks like we re going to camp Half-Blood! Leo turned back to Reyna. So we re going to camp Half-Blood. We got the ride covered. he said holding up the Festus suitcase. But could you not tell them I m alive? I d like to make a flashy entrance! Leo said doing many poses. Yes, I won t. Goodbye and safe travels. and she slammed the door in their face. Once again, Leo and Calypso were back on Festus flying through the air. How the mortals didn t see them was a mystery, except for the idea of mist. Without the mist they probably would ve thought it was a UFO or a plane. They flew over flat land, and mountains, and forests, and they finally made it to Camp Half-Blood. Leo felt butterflies in his stomach. He had no idea how long he d been gone. What if his friends didn t care? With a suitcase Festus in hand, Calypso and he walked to the gates of camp and stepped through. They walked through the strawberry field together as people stared and pointed. I m guessing they all though I was dead. said Leo as he looked at the people. Was he famous, he wondered? They stepped onto the porch of the big house together. Chiron who was sitting playing cards rose. Leo? You should be dead. Leo blinked multiple times and grinned. Thanks! Chiron raised his eyebrows and told the Hermes kid he was playing cards with to go get his friend s. Leo and Calypso sat at the table until his friend s saw him. It was a mix of Oh my gods. and Leo you re not dead! and many, many more things. Hugs went all around and soon enough Leo was introducing Calypso to everybody. Calypso, this is Piper, Jason, Percy, Annabeth, Hazel, Frank, and Nico. Calypso stares at Percy. Hello again, Percy. Just so you know, I m not mad at you or anything. Percy smiles wide. Awesome. Later that night at dinner Chiron rose. Today we have witnessed the return of one of our own! Leo Valdez! Cabin 9 has requested that we play Capture the Flag as celebration and I m not one to refuse a game of Capture the Flag. everyone cheered and pounded on the tables. The teams were split up very unevenly. On the first team there was the Poseidon cabin, Zeus Cabin, Hephaestus cabin, the Aphrodite cabin, the Ares cabin, the Hermes cabin, the Hypnos cabin, the Athena Cabin, and then Hazel, Frank, and Nico. All of the other cabins were on the other team. Their best cabins on the other team were Apollo, Hermes, Hestia, Dionysus, Demeter, and Persephone. No one was sure how well the Iris cabin would do but they had to have them on their team. Leo s team took Bunker 9 as a base and the other team took Zeus fist. Jason flew Piper up to the top of Bunker 9 and stuck the flag in the beams holding up the Bunker. They set up the Ares cabin and the Hermes cabin as defense along with Aphrodite and Hypnos. The Hypnos cabin set up a perimeter of sleeping kids around the bunker and the Aphrodite kids surrounded them waiting for boys to just fall into their trap. Piper hung out near the Bunker 9 doorway with her Charmspeak ready. Poseidon and Zeus cabin, A.K.A. Percy and Jason went to get the flag. Hazel, Frank, Nico, and the Athena and Hephaestus cabin went along with them mostly for protection and backup. Annabeth insisted that the Athena cabin go with them because they created the plan. Nobody wanted to argue with her so they paved a road for them. As they reached Zeus fist the Athena and Hephaestus kids hid behind trees and in bushes while Percy, Jason, Annabeth, Hazel, Frank, Leo, and Nico creeped up to the fist with Annabeth s new and improved invisibility hat. It morphed into a shield that they all held onto except Jason and Hazel. Hazel stopped creeping and sunk herself into the ground to create a cave up the fist. Jason hovered above the fist in the treetops. Guards surrounded the whole base of the fist and had 4 closer to the top. The Apollo and Hermes kids surrounded the base while Demeter and Persephone kids took the top. That means Iris, Dionysus, Hestia, and the other cabins were out getting the flag. Annabeth, Frank, Leo, Nico, and Percy continued to creep up the fist after weaving through the Apollo and Hermes kids. Phase 1 of the plan was in action as Nico turned around raising skeletons to get the Apollo and Hermes cabins. Soon enough all of them were knocked out and the Demeter and Persephone kids were freaking out. Everyone released the shield except Annabeth and put the plan in motion. As Nico had his skeleton warriors surround the fist campers flooded out of the trees from the Hygea cabin, the Tyche cabin, the Zelus cabin, the Ate cabin, and the Alastor cabin. There were about 40 of them and they all had silver armour and swords. They were surrounded by a perimeter of Percy s teammates. Percy sent a wave of water off of the fist and almost everyone got knocked down except for the skeleton warriors. The fist had grown over the years for some reason so they had to make their way to the top. Jason was blasting winds all about slightly drying off the kids but sending them flying. Leo was blasting fireballs everywhere angering the tree nymphs while Frank and Annabeth fought the campers. Frank went from eagle to tiger to bear to dragon and back again. Soon enough the campers laid on the ground groaning. The skeletons had gone back into the earth and everyone was