"Siren!" I hear coming from down stairs. I groan turning to look at my clock... Ugh 6:32am... That could only be one person ,not to mention it's Victory Tour day. I put my hands to my ever growing belly as I use all my effort to get up. I grab my pink silk robe, recent gift from Caesar,and walk down the stairs to the font door. I wipe some of the fog off the window on the door to see Gainey,Winky and his team standing there in their furs. I know it's winter but come on its the south it's not that cold! I open it letting them in. "It's about time!" Gainey says rudely. I roll my eyes at her and shut the door. "Keep your voices down My family is still sleeping." I say softly as I turn around to face them. Their mouths drop as their eyes zero in on my big belly. Winky's face went from shock to grinning like an idiot as Gainey scoffed. "How did you let yourself get so fat!?" She sneers. "Gainey, I have 2 things to tell you... One, I'm pregnant you idiota! Two, Do I have to remind you that I know how to kill and get away with it?! No one would ever realize you're gone.." I say walking past her. I just love getting under her skin. "F-Finnick would..."her small voice says nervously. I halt in my steps as I feel the stab of jealousy creep into me. I played it off smirking at her over my shoulder. "Thats what you think." I say and continue walking to the and his team trailing behind me. I walk in and sit on the bed watching everyone come in. Minus Gainey. " Siren Darling, you look positively radiant with your pregnancy." Winky says as he takes a ton of garment bags out of his trunk and lays them next to me on the bed. He flips his now short white hair out of his face in a huff. "I may look it but the baby is giving me all kinds of hell." I say sardonically. "How are you handling the morning sickness?"he asks as he holds up a shirt to me. I groan "They should call it all day sickness! I swear I felt like I never left the bathroom! Now it's better but I'm just always sleepy,its better than being in the bathroom with your head stuck in the toilet but still." "Well little one, I will make sure you and your baby look amazing!" Winky says unzipping bag after bag. I shake my head smiling at him. He hasn't changed one bit. I climb off my bed when the smell of coffee and food reach my nose I leave my room and go down to the kitchen to see my sister Keery cooking and putting a pot of coffee on. "Oh please say that's decaf?!" I say hopefully, crossing my fingers. She laughs as she grabs my favorite mug down from the cabinet. I pumped my fist in excitement as I sat down at the table in the bay window breakfast nook. It was my favorite spot to eat in the kitchen. One of the benefits of living in Victors Village is living right on the ocean. This side of my house faced it. I smile at Keery as she sits down across from me sliding my mug to me. I groan in satisfaction as the hot yummy liquid fills me. "So how was your trip back to the Capitol?" She asks. I grin happily and tell her all about it. Originally I was scared that President Snow was going to make my worst fear happen and turn me into a prostitute while I was pregnant. Nope. President Snow knew about my talent that I was working on now that I didn't have to work. Someone tipped him off that I could sing and play. He had me perform in his home for him and his granddaughter. I chose to sing the song the song that I could remember was the last one I remember singing in the Capitol. The one Finnick walked in on. They applauded me and Snow told me he wanted me to sing a few songs on the Victory Tour in a few select Districts and that he wants me to do a concert at the end at the Presidential Palace. I was a nervous wreck when he said that. I barely was able to perform for my family and friends let alone crowds of people. He seemed almost desperate for me to say yes like he was depending on me doing this for some reason. I reluctantly agreed but that wasn't the end of my trip. President Snow accompanied me to a Doctor's appointment for the baby. They had all kinds of gadgets they used. It was crazy to see pictures of my baby from inside my stomach.. I didn't know they had things like this. The whole way to the train station when I was leaving President Snow was telling me how much he was happy to have me as a Victor. He told me how much I was loved by the Capitol and how I was exactly what Winky made me out to be. Panem's Sweetheart. My name giving way to the nickname The Sultry Siren of the Capitol. He was being unusually nice, automatically my guards went up. He was up to something I just didn't know what. As I finished telling my sister of my trip she looks behind me into the den. "What?" I ask turning around to see Gainey in the den looking at the pictures of my family and friends on the mantle. I tilted my head in curiosity. Something was definitely on her mind, did I want to be the one she had a heart to heart with? Hell no! But I am not as heartless as I try to be to her. I can see her tears reflecting in the fire light as a becon calling out to someone anyone to talk to. I groan at myself for having any kind of sympathy toward her as I stand to walk into the den to see her pick up a picture running her gaudy finger nails down the frame. It's a picture of Finnick and I. I was twelve he was fourteen. I smiled at the memory. I was trying to surprise him by jumping on his back but he caught me turning his head to the side to smile at me as I laughed. Mags snapped the picture without us knowing. "That was the spring before his games."I say . She turns and looks at me sadly then back to the picture as she places it back on the mantle. "You really have been in love with him for a long time ,haven't you?" She whispers with more tears coming to her eyes. I sigh."Gainey, I don't think you're the one I should be talking to about how long I've been in love with your boyfriend." I whisper sadly. She smiles ruefully." You're all he talks about you know? Siren used to tell me this, Siren that, this is her favorite food, this is her favorite color...he never stops" I don't know what compelled me to but I put my hand on her shoulder as she cries. She surprises me by turning and latching onto me. I stood awkwardly patting her back as she wailed. She mumbles something into my shoulder but I can't hear it. "What?" I say confused. She leans back as she takes a deep breath. "I wish with all my might that he would look at me the way he does when he even thinks about you" I look down at her my mouth just hanging open. I had no clue what to say to her. I knew Finnick was with her for some grand scheme Snow has but he still betrayed me. It doesn't change what he did during the Games. He was not only my boyfriend but my mentor. He should have been there for me but he wasn't. And the woman currently attached to me made sure of that. Apparently the baby knew that too and began kicking furiously. "Woah!" Gainey says in shock letting me go. Thank God! "What was that? Was that the baby?!" She asks I put my hand on my stomach as the baby kicks again. I nod to her. "Yup, she either really likes you or can't stand you." I say laughing. "She?!" I hear from behind me. I turn to see my family and Winky's team plus Mags. I nod smiling."Yup I'm having a girl!" Next thing I know I'm engulfed by everyone laughing, crying, and smiling. I felt so loved. I remember my father's reaction when I finally returned home after my big reveal after the Games. The memory still as vivid as yesterday. (Starting from where she leaves Finnick) I turn and leave the room and take the stairs down to the lobby where Winky and the rest of everyone was waiting stood. "Oh no..." Winky says sadly when he sees me."Netofa fix her make up now please." The assistant that was always silent came up, I remember the first time I met her. She was the first person of the Capitol I met when I arrived. Yellow hair, purple skin, still the same. As she finished fixing my make up the cars arrived. "You want to ride with me?" Katniss says. I look over to see her and Cinna walking by. Katniss stops and gives me a small smile holding her arms out the me. I walk up and hug her tightly. "Mia Sorella sempre non importa cosa!" I whisper pulling away wrapping my arm around her waist as we turn to walk outside. "What does that mean?" She asks placing her arm around my shoulders. "My Sister, always, no matter what." Cinnas voice sounds before I could. "Si parla la lingua del distretto di quattro?" I ask him.(you speak the language of district four) "I speak many languages Miss Leeds." He says smiling softly down at me. I smirked up at Kat. "Your stylist is awesome!" She giggled, "I know." We both laugh as we enter the car. Right before the door closes I see Finnick and Gainey step outside. Sadness creeps into my heart. I know now I can't have Finnick in my life. Not even as a friend. When you love someone like I love Finnick, you can't just be their friend. My heart doesn't work that way. The conversation to the stadium was light and fairly happy. Katniss had told Cinnas of my pregnancy. He told me it couldn't be any better because now that gives him an excuse to make maternity clothes. I told him he didn't have to do that but he insisted. Katniss tells me how her reunion with Peeta is going to be on stage before I come out. Truthfully I'm excited to see Peeta, he really is an amazing guy. Katniss is lucky to have someone like him love her. Someone willing to sacrifice everything to be with her. The car stops and immediately the nerves hit me. I take a few deep breaths to calm myself and get out of the car and wait for Katniss. The roar of the crowd can be heard from outside already. "Wow..."I say breathlessly. "They are excited to see their Victors!" Cinna says walking ahead of us. "Ready?" Katniss says hooking her arm through mine. "Ready to tell the world I'm pregnant with my rapists baby.. Hell no... "I pause looking at her. "Ready to get this over and go home? Oh yea." She smiles. "Then let's go!" We are immediately rushed in and brought to a room under the stage. Kat will go before me so she and Peeta can have their moment. They place Katniss on some sort of metal