Disclaimer: I do not own The Hunger Games Trilogy. It is the property of Suzanne Collins. Warning: this story is rated mature for adult themes, language, and sexual content. This was originally a submission to Prompts in Panem, Round 3, Day 2. It's now cleaned up and fleshed out a bit. The prompt was the masterpiece, "Les Amants" by Rene Magritte. The cover picture for this story is a public domain image inspired by Magritte's famous painting. The original painting can be found by searching 'Les Amants, Magritte.' I highly recommend viewing it. This story is dedicated to allies-person. She gave me my first-ever review when this was put up on PiP. Her encouraging words meant a lot to me, and when I found out the revision was posted on her birthday, I knew this story had to be hers, if she wanted it. Behind the Veil, Beneath the Shroud Chapter One: Jabberjay Lovebirds It's funny how, in a world without freedom, there are more choices than you expect, sometimes more than you want. A year ago, I would have sworn there were only two outcomes to the Hunger Games: you live or you die. As it turns out, part of the winner dies in the arena. And those that die take on new life in the victor's psyche, lurking in the unconscious, reenacting horrors and fueling endless recriminations nightly. I would have said that only one tribute was allowed to survive. The truth is, if the Capitol viewers find you particularly stimulating, two can go home. And I would have claimed that should you happen to make it out of the arena, you are allowed to return home and reclaim some imitation of a life, when not mentoring. Apparently, this is not the case, if the audience really loves you. Then they want you to marry your unexpected co-victor, and they want you to live in the Capitol so they can obsessively monitor your every move. And here I am. Living a half-life I often wish I'd lost, wed to a boy who probably shouldn't have made it out of the arena, stuck in a city that shouldn't deny victors their district return. Prim is safe. That's what I have to focus on. The repetition of those three words gets me through every day of my life. We convinced Snow. The 'star-crossed lovers' act quelled the hot-blooded districts on the Victory Tour, sparing my family from his wrath. Saving Prim makes my current circumstances worthwhile, but it can be hard to continually endure life in the Capitol without being able to see her. We have next to no communication with our families. My friendship with Gale is a thing of the past, abandoned for his own protection. I am essentially trapped here, and any contact between us would be hollow and forced with all that must remain unsaid. The Capitol has all but erased the life I had, and almost everyone who was in it. I'd be all alone here, were it not for Peeta. His affection and attentiveness can get annoying. Sometimes he is the only thing that makes being here bearable. We have an odd relationship. We're married, but only by necessity. Snow demanded a lavish Capitol wedding upon our return from the Victory Tour. Our families really had no choice but to comply. I know that for Peeta, loving and cherishing his spouse weren't just words he parroted back to the wedding official, like me. He meant them. I'm no better than a jabberjay, reciting phrases for the Capitol's benefit. The best I can do is uphold the rest of my vows, being faithful and honoring my partner as best I can. I won't give him children, but we do share a marital bed and I reciprocate as much physical affection as I can manage. He is my companion and friend, probably the person I trust most these days. Lately, he's been growing on me. So when he returns to our revoltingly sumptuous penthouse suite, face white as flour, I run to him, panicked. I've had too much terrible news in my short life to assume anything but the worst. I grab a controller from a small table in the entryway and turn on some mood music, moving the volume to its maximum setting with the drag of a finger so we can speak freely. Without fear of being overheard. He slumps to the ground, holding my hands in his. I follow him down, crouching on my knees. We're still in the foyer, which has been designed to look like the opening of a cave. The entrance to our apartment is supposed to reference the beginning of our 'romance.' I hate it. That cave had been the one place I felt safe with Peeta during the Games, and the insipid interior designer hired by Snow had to pervert it into a tacky tribute to us. The entire suite has been featured on dozens of decor-themed shows. "Peeta, what is it?" I say softly, trying to maintain calm in the face of his obvious distress. A low, despairing moan wrests its way from his throat. "Katniss, I- I don't even know how to tell you." His eyes well up as they meet mine. "This isn't enough for them any more, us in our love nest , being their perfect little couple." Oh no. "I talked to Finnick. He's...heard things." Peeta is so upset he's visibly struggling to get his next words out. "They're- they're going to sell- " But he can't finish, breaking down with a heartbroken, defeated sob. I stare at nothing, numb and contemplative. Honestly, I'm not entirely surprised. Peeta and I became friendly with Finnick, another victor living in the Capitol, leading up to our wedding. Once we figured out exactly why he was made to stay, I had acknowledged the very real possibility of our being used for the same purpose. I'd been surprised they hadn't devised a way to capitalize off our wedding night. I guess it was finally happening. Besides the death of one of my few loved ones, losing my autonomy to become Snow's puppet was the worst thing I could imagine. But I was a victor who lived constantly under the president's watchful eyes. My free will had been forfeit for some time. I was experienced in living a life with varying degrees of subjugation and horror. "Maybe we'll be...sold together." I felt dirty just saying it, but had to finish my thought. "If you're there with me, I think I could get through it." Peeta looks more broken and hopeless than ever. He's silent for a long time, but I know he's working up to a response. "It's not the both of us they want." His eyes settle on his left leg in explanation. "Only you." Apparently, in the Capitol, body modifications are desirable only when completely unnecessary. Despair and relief surge within me. Peeta has been saved. I've always blamed myself for the loss of his leg, but it's his missing limb that will keep him whole and safe. But now I'm in this alone. I don't want to be selfish. I'm beyond relieved that he's gotten out of this, but we've always faced the Capitol's horrors side by side. That is the one thing I have learned to count on. Peeta slides his hand up my cheek and into the wispy hair at my temple, gently drawing my face closer, before he leans his forehead against mine. "I'm so sorry," he rasps. He has nothing to apologize for. The fault does not lie with the sweet baker's son turned Capitol puppet. Peeta can't save me from this. As grateful as I am that he won't have to endure it with me, I still feel abandoned. I pull my hands from his and turn to the side. When he tries to reach for me again a moment later, I shrink away. I have no words for anyone, and I can sense myself withdrawing further. Eventually, Peeta takes the hint and gives me space. ... We drift past each other like spirits for the next few days, neither of us really there, just a poor imitation of life, remnants of people who once existed. Peeta doesn't seem to know how to talk to me anymore, even though words have always been his medium. He couldn't suffer through this with me even if he wanted to, and I can't muster up the energy to do anything in my free time but huddle under the covers or in closets, anywhere dark enough to shut the world out. The few times I emerge from my latest hiding place to nibble the food he's left for me, Peeta is always staring out at nothing contemplatively. I know he's trying to think of a way out, but I have no illusions. If there was one, someone would have found it by now. At night, he lies beside me and I can practically hear his mind racing through possibilities. I want to comfort him, put him at ease, but I can't bear to let him touch me. Physical intimacy was one of the few things I enjoyed in our Capitol-crafted lives, but that has been tainted beyond salvaging now by Snow's plans. Eventually, Peeta coaxes me back to the land of the living. I think he misses me, because he makes my favorite meal, lamb stew, and bakes me cheese buns. While he could obtain the meal in a matter of seconds with our instant meal creator, the likes of which I'd first seen in my room at the Training Center, he's spent hours in the kitchen preparing the food. Peeta refuses to use the device. He says he doesn't want to forget the effort requisite to real living, that the easy existence in the Capitol is a lie. Everything has its price, and once we forget that, we become like them, he says. Cooking is a connection to his old life and for him, only a meal worth the effort of making is worth eating. I admire Peeta for his principles and his restraint. I agree with him in theory, but we both have a different relationship with food. When I'm reminded of hollow days, he doesn't judge me when he walks into a room littered with half-eaten prepared dishes, both simple and extravagant. Instead, he sits by me and soothes me as I burrow into his embrace in shame, and talk about how much I miss being with Prim in Twelve, even with the ever present hunger, or how I miss providing food from the woods to the people I cared for. He wraps everything up so it won't go to waste, and if he notices that there are always more bread-centric dishes than anything else, he doesn't say anything. When I shuffle into the dining room in my week-old clothes, he looks a wreck, but hopeful at the sight of me. Dinner is spent in silence, but somehow it's not as distant. I make it halfway through the meal before getting caught up staring at a butter knife in my hand. I'm almost contemplating protesting Snow's cavalier use of my body. Is death preferable to what awaits me? I have faced death, and even embraced it on my own terms. I'm no stranger to attempted suicide, as the 74th's finale attests. The only reason I'm not seriously considering it is Prim. I still have to protect her. To do that, I need to be alive and obedient – not rebellious in death. Snow would undoubtedly retaliate. And Peeta, what of him? Would he be able to carry on without me? I try to tell myself he would, but I can too easily imagine him falling apart or becoming too reckless in his dealings with the Capitol as a form of self-destruction. They would punish him. Terribly. I'm broken from my reverie as Peeta's large fingers, warm against my cooler digits, gently