The Twelve Months: A Midwinter's Tale By GhtlovesThg On the longest night of the year, Katniss experiences the shortest twelve months of her life. Everlark Fairytale AU. Chapter One: Galanthus *~*~ 1 ~*~* Katniss trudged heavily through the snow, not even worrying about scaring off potential game. There was none to be found; the few half-starved squirrels she'd bagged at dusk seemed to be the only animals foolish enough to be out of a den, burrow, or nest on this bitterly cold night. It was far too dark for further hunting or tracking. She should be home. Hunting in this light was not only pointless, but dangerous as well, a fact her stepmother and stepsister didn't concern themselves with. They kept her home all day completing the chores and tasks they didn't wish to, yet still expected a full game bag upon her return, after preventing her from setting out until late afternoon. As the nights got longer and colder, Katniss couldn't help but wonder if they hoped that one night, she wouldn't come back at all. And even though the cold was so sharp as to be painful, she wasn't hurrying home, either. These woods, hollow and lonely in the crisp silence of the night, felt more like home now than the cottage by the woods where she'd grown up. Katniss could feel her father here. He had been the last of her kin to leave her, and his spirit somehow permeated the spaces between the branches. She often thought she saw him, darting between tree trunks out of the corner of her eye. But whenever she turned to look, she'd catch only the edge of a mockingjay wing, the bird flitting away to a place she couldn't follow. Perhaps he had not found Prim and her mother yet, in that other world, so he stuck close, clinging to the familiar before moving on. But for his sake, she hoped he was with them. There was little worth staying for here- she should know. Her feet slowed on the path. There was something different about these woods, hidden from plain sight but felt nonetheless. The trees felt like monuments to her family. At one time, their livelihood and happiness had originated here: her mother foraging, her father hunting and trapping, she and Prim running wild all over. Their memory called to her on her hunts. The wind whistled through tangled branches, over gnarled, knotted trunks, whispering for her to come closer, step off the path and let the dark, sentinel-like forms enclose her, shelter her in their swaying arms. It was tempting. Perhaps she'd never find the path again. Katniss wondered if the quiet that invited her deeper into the forest could lead her to her loved ones. All she'd have to do was wish her father's bow a final goodnight and leave it on the worn trail for Woodcutter Hawthorne to find. They'd all assume she'd been attacked by some wild creature or spirited away by some fantastical being. Such things were rumored to abound in the heart of the forest. The quiet, foreboding promise of the darkened wood sounded far preferable to the beating she'd likely receive upon returning home with only a few squirrels in her game bag. Her stepmother didn't take well to disappointment, nor perceived disobedience. Though the woman had once been married to a baker, there was nothing sweet about her or the cruel daughter she'd named for a spice. Katniss had never been able to understand why her grieving father remarried the baker's bitter widow, bringing the woman and Clove into their lives. She feared he had done it for her sake. With a king that feared and eradicated anything that could be construed as witchcraft, being a healer's daughter was a damaging, dangerous stigma. It was possible her father married a baker's widow to distance them from his late wife's profession. Katniss was safe, but with him gone as well, there was no one left that she loved. The forest's silent invitation was abruptly interrupted by the sound of a man crying out in distress. Katniss quickly turned and peered into a different patch of trees, noticing a faint light in the distance. Worried that the brusque but goodhearted woodcutter had met with some danger – these woods were full of wild dogs - beasts especially reckless when hungry in this desperate season - she nocked an arrow and ran towards his direction to help. However, it was not Gale she found, but an older man in military garb. He was laying in the snow, groaning in pain, with a large tree limb pinning his leg to the ground. The man was stretching and flailing, contorting his body in an effort to get a grip on the damp wood and roll it off him. Katniss hastened to his side, eager to assist. "Oh Miss! Thank God! I can't get enough leverage on this branch to get my foot out. The damn thing just snapped under the weight of the snow and came down on me!" The heavy snow had a tendency to send dead tree limbs down to the ground with alarming speed. As Katniss heaved and pushed at the branch, she was slowly able to roll it enough for the man to extricate his foot. "Are you badly hurt?" she asked breathlessly once he'd yanked free. "It's sprained, I think," he said, "and I'm damned lucky that's all. I think the snow cover helped to cushion the impact. If you hadn't happened upon me, I don't know if I could have worked it off of my leg. I could have died of exposure." Katniss nodded in agreement. It was uncommonly lucky that she'd been nearby when it had happened and not once he'd frozen to death. "I'm Captain Boggs, Miss. May I inquire as to the name of my hale little savior?" Katniss flushed and bowed a sloppy curtsy. She was merely a peasant villager, she'd never conversed with a captain in the King's military. "Katniss Everdeen, sir." "And pray tell," he inquired,"what could bring one such as yourself out on this bitterly cold evening? Shouldn't you be at home, warm by the fire?" Katniss averted her eyes. She really preferred not to discuss her home life. "What of you, sir? How does this night find a soldier of the imperial guard in a common wood?" At this, Boggs threw his head back and boomed a great, deep laugh, "A soldier at my age! Bless you for saying so! But I'm not just any captain my dear, I am the Captain of the Guard! I report directly to King Coriolanus." Katniss' eyes widened in disbelief. She was standing and chatting with the highest ranking military commander in the land. "And I am here to find a tree," he added. "A tree?" It seemed he had achieved his task, as they were surrounded on all sides by them. She raised her eyebrows questioningly. "Yes, but not just any tree," he clarified. "I have been given the... honor of finding the most perfect tree in all the forest, one fit for the grand ballroom of the Snow palace. Beautiful enough to compete with the gold and jewels that will adorn its boughs, and big enough to spread over the gifts sent to the royal family from all over the land." "But why should the king send his best military adviser out on such a night, just for a tree?" "Ah, but the king didn't send me," he explained sadly. "It was his granddaughter who ordered me here." "Has she no respect for your position or well being?" "I'm afraid not," he sighed. "It seems she thinks finding the perfect fir is just the sort of task that should occupy the Captain of the Guard. And as she is next in line for the throne, I am bound to obey her to the the exclusion of all, save the King, who is known for indulging her every whim." "Well, surely a lesson will be learned when she has to send someone out all over again tomorrow. Let's hope she sends a woodsmen next time, and during daylight. Here, I'll help you back on your horse and you can return and soak your foot," Katniss directed. "Miss, I cannot return without that tree," he protested. "I would be severely punished! Snow may not care for the task itself, but he cares greatly about insolence and disobedience- especially from high ranking officers and officials! Once an order is issued, by himself or his granddaughter, one must obey. The more lofty your position, the more eager King Coriolanus is to remove you from it. Now, I would appreciate assistance back on my horse, but I shall continue searching for the tree," he insisted. Katniss surveyed the scene. The horse was hitched to a long, narrow sled, undoubtedly intentioned for carrying a fir tree. A sturdy axe was affixed to the saddle. Sighing, she stooped to brace Captain Boggs with her shoulder, slinging her arm under his own as he hobbled to his horse with her support. She knew that the later it got, the more she'd be made to regret returning home. But she couldn't leave Captain Boggs here, injured, as the deathly cold of the night settled around them like fog. "I know of just the tree. I'll take you to it." He looked like he wanted to protest for her sake, but she stared at him, determination in her eyes, decision already made. He had to know he'd never accomplish his task in his poorly state. "Thank you, child." Once he was on his mount, Katniss drew the reins into her hands and led the horse forward slowly, weaving through trees in silence. "You never told me why a young girl is alone in a treacherous forest at night," Boggs reminded gently. Katniss sighed. "I am tasked with bringing home a game bag full of rabbits and fowl." "Surely that's impossible, in this dark, with the scarcity of this winter," the knight captain protested. Katniss merely nodded her agreement. What was there to say? The silence lapsed once more. "Well, you deserve much better, my lass. If I ever find myself in a position to help you, I shall certainly endeavor to do so." She turned to look back at him, touched. "Thank you." "And how did you come to know the location of this tree?" Katniss smiled. "My father knew the wending animal trails of this wood better than the lines of his own palm. You'd think he'd been the playmate of fawns and fox kits as a child. Though he showed me as much as he could before he died, there are a great many areas I do not know as well as he did." Katniss didn't usually like talking about her father, it was too painful, but somehow tonight, in his woods with a man who spoke to her with kindness, something she'd not heard since her father was alive, Katniss suddenly needed to talk about him again. "This evergreen is deep enough in the wood that even our woodcutter, Gale Hawthorne, has not found it. And a good thing, for it is far too majestic for kindling. If it must be cut, it deserves to have it's boughs laden in precious metals and gems." When they finally entered a clearing, the tree in question came into view, its deep green branches glittering under a blanket of snow, spreading its reach across the space like a bird stretching its wings to display magnificent plumage. The stillness of the clearing made one feel as though the whole forest was holding its breath in deference to the splendor of the arbor. Boggs knew he would have nothing to fear when returning to the palace. "As splendid as this tree is, there is an even greater beauty in this wood," Katniss continued quietly. "It's deeper in the forest than I've ventured alone. I've only