Capital Vices and Distinct Virtues Summary: Katniss and Peeta debate the merits of mankind, its virtue and vice, with District Twelve as a stage. Katniss begins to realize something she won't fully understand until after the rebellion. Canon-compliant CF interlude. Round 4 PiP Submission for the sin of pride, though all seven make an appearance. Disclaimer: I do not own The Hunger Games Trilogy. Note: I've used the slightly more archaic sin of acedia, in place of standard sloth. Set after Gale's whipping but before the arrival of the wedding dresses. ... I grit my teeth as another agonized moan filters through the closed door and into the sitting room. I'm huddled in the crook of the couch, as far from the doorway as possible, staring out the window. Everything outside is white; the snow is bathed in the bright, clear light of a winter morning. I marvel that the light this time of year can seem so much cleaner than at any other, despite the darkness overtaking Twelve. I glare at Buttercup, who is sprawled in a patch of sunlight on the floor, napping and utterly unperturbed by the proceedings mere rooms away. I envy the infuriating furball's detachment. There has been a steady stream of the wounded, infirm, and starving parading in and out of my mother's kitchen these past weeks, ever since our kitchen table was vacated by Gale. I don't sit down to meals there anymore. I would feel like I'm feeding off the despair that's fallen over the district. It doesn't matter which room I'm in; the sounds from the kitchen traverse the walls and echo through the heating grates, plaguing me everywhere I go. Despite the size of my lavish surroundings, the sound carries as if we still lived in our little shack in the Seam. I feel like a cornered animal. Idle pursuits and pacing don't help, I'm too agitated. I know the calm of the woods could soothe me, but I can't risk going. Not after what happened to Gale. I'm on thin ice with Thread as it is. Every sound that issues from the kitchen reminds me of Gale's anguish, reminds me that I am to blame for Snow's retaliation against Twelve. The man my mother works furiously to save might as well be my hunting partner. Both have families to feed, and both have no way to do so. Gale poached, this man stole. Thread overlooked the usual punishment for stealing in this case- death by firing squad. But not because of any merciful inclination. No, the district has become well acquainted with his fondness for inflicting pain. Thread greatly prefers delivering lashes in a lengthy flaying to a quick execution. Which, for this man's family, may prove lucky, provided he survives and recovers quickly enough to support them before they starve. Unluckily, he hasn't passed out as Gale did. As a weary groan rises to the despairing wail of pain, I jump to my feet. I can't do this. I will run mad if I'm made to witness any further suffering, suffering that I am responsible for. How can my mother and Prim bear it? I've only been able to overcome my aversion to the sick and wounded for two people. One lay prone in that kitchen mere weeks ago, and the other I'd tended myself, then fought to stay with when the medical team pulled him from me. Though the mines have reopened and the district is trying to recover from the two week lapse, people still stay off the streets as much as possible these days. Things have changed so drastically for the worse, that everyone behaves as if a strict curfew's been enforced. That's one of the few restrictions Thread has not yet levied on us. With survival nigh impossible under his ironclad control, everyone has something to hide or actions to conceal. But currently, the threat of an increased Peacekeeper presence and Thread's watchful eye potentially finding me can't dampen the appeal of escaping this house. Hurrying to the entryway, I reach for my father's hunting jacket, but stop. No, it's definitely best to look the part of a Victor today. I'm less likely to be stopped, and I don't want to antagonize Thread further by wearing garments hinting at illegal activities. I know he suspects me of sneaking past the fence already. Instead, I grab the flashy white fur I wore for the commencement of the Victory Tour. At least I'll blend in amidst all the snow. After wrapping a scarf around my neck, tucking it into my coat so as to be less noticeable, I'm so anxious to get outside that I grab the nearest pair of gloves and bound out the door. Even staring out the window for hours can't spare me the blinding glare of a bright winter morning, and I squint to find the small pathway between snow drifts. We haven't had another blizzard in weeks, thankfully, but it snows regularly, preventing the snow from ever truly diminishing. The cold is sharp and biting, like a blade, and it makes me think of the patient we had last night. He had been stabbed in the side not by Thread or any Peacekeepers, but by a fellow Seam resident. Apparently, while the man's neighbor was in the stocks for some minor infraction, our patient broke into his house and stole every last scrap of food the neighbor's family had. When the other man got out of the stocks, he sought out our patient, intent upon revenge for his hungry family. Recompense was impossible; the food had long since been eaten. They fought, and the neighbor, harboring a concealed knife, emerged unscathed. But of course there was no real winner, as the neighbor was taken in by Peacekeepers and will undoubtedly be shot in a few days' time for attempted murder. Families fighting families in disputes that have no winners? The Capitol is turning us on each other, turning us into animals. And we go right along with it, becoming the uncivilized brutes they've always assumed us to be. Are these the people I'd hoped would rally against Snow in the pursuit of something better? How can I expect them to risk their lives for higher ideals, when Snow has dehumanized everyone so thoroughly? How can there be hope for the future in a place such as this? I hear a sound and realize that during my musings, I've reached Peeta's house on my way out of Victor's Village. He's just exited his kitchen, carrying a bag for the trash when I see him. I halt immediately to stop the sound of my feet in the snow, trying to avoid his notice. I'm in no mood to talk to anyone. Peeta and I have always had a heightened sense of each other's whereabouts, at least since our Games, so I lower my eyes from his form as an added measure. It seems ridiculous, but I know he might feel my gaze on him and be alerted to my presence. I'm not taking any chances. As he rattles about among the trash cans lining the side of his house, I look down at the gloves I've been fumbling with. Caught up in my concerns about the district, I've been trying to put Cinna's fur-lined gloves on all this time. I almost groan. In my haste to leave, I grabbed the pair Gale had rejected by the lake. They've been sitting on that table for weeks, waiting for me to find a needy recipient. They do me no good. Though they're lined with fur, they're huge, and when I finally get them on properly, they slip off at the slightest movement. It's bitterly cold, but I don't want to go back to the house. Not only would I be re-entering my mother's triage, I'd have to slip by Peeta undetected again. "Katniss?" Or not so undetected. I raise my eyes to meet his. Peeta's back on his porch, and now that I've got nothing to lose, my eyes peruse him in detail. He's wearing a sweater knit with several deep colors and thick, dark brown pants. Despite the obvious warmth of his garments, I marvel that he can stand to be outside without a coat. He'll catch his death. I tell him so. "So will you, standing stock-still in the snow," he replies. "What are you doing?" When I answer, "Nothing," he clarifies. "Where are you going?" I sigh. I should have figured my plans for an afternoon of freedom, away from people as much as possible, would be thwarted. I know that as soon as I tell him, he'll insist on accompanying me. "Nowhere," I say with finality, lowering my voice to warn him off prying further. "I'll come with you." I want to tear my hair out, he's so predictable. I could have said I was going to march up the steps of the freshly constructed gallows in the square, and he'd tell me to wait up while he double knotted the laces on his boots. The thought makes me feel suffocated, but also, just a tiny bit, secure. We walked together after the blizzard, the day I told Haymitch I wanted to start an uprising and found the Hob razed to the ground. He'd insisted on joining me every step of the way that day, too. He's trying to protect me. Like I try to protect him. It's in deference to this instinct of his, one I can well understand, that prevents me from dashing off as soon as he enters his house to grab his own coat and gloves. I debate asking to borrow a pair of his, but I feel certain they'd fit my small hands no better than Cinna's. I jam my hands into my coat pockets before he returns, not wanting him to see my cold hands and ill-fitting gloves. The sight of them screams 'vulnerability' to me, and I won't let him see me weakened, even in a small way, if I can help it. We walk along in silence, which suits me perfectly. I am in a dark mood and have little to say that merits vocalization. Unfortunately for me, Peeta picks up on this almost immediately. "Katniss, what's wrong?" "Nothing," I mumble shortly. That does the trick for a few minutes, but Peeta is not easily deterred. "Really, I can tell something is bothering you. If you don't want to tell me you can say so, but I want you to know that whatever it is, I'm here to listen if you'd like." "I wish you'd trust me," he sighs, half to himself, a moment later. I do trust him. I'm just not used to sharing information and engaging in discussions as equals. I've been a caretaker of so many people for so long, it's hard to remember that as co-Victors, Peeta and I are on the same footing. In the Games, I was the one with expertise, the leader. But here, surrounded by people, on a precarious footing with the government, Peeta's abilities and perceptions equal if not surpass my own. And I promised I'd stop keeping things from him in the dusty attic of the Eleven's Justice building. I can give him this. I can let him peek into this tiny chink in my armor and still remain largely unaffected. "It's just- It's nothing really, not anything specific." I sigh. It would help if I could ever manage to communicate at least half as well as he does. "Sometimes I'm just tired of trying so hard, faking and hiding and failing at all of it, all to protect what I can of District Twelve. And I just wonder, 'why?' What is worth saving? I tell myself it's the people, of course, but sometimes they seem just as bad as those in the Capitol. If we're going to try to start a rebellion, we'll be risking our lives all over again, and endangering