This won third place in the Judges' Pick Category in the Write Me a Story Hunger Games Challenge, Round Two, hosted by the amazingly talented Ro Nordmann. All the entries were phenomenal, so I highly recommend you check them all out (wmashgchallenge on tumblr)! I've cleaned this up a little since posting it. The prompt was the beautiful quote, "Because I can count on one hand the number of sunsets I have left, and I don't want to miss any of them" which will gain significance in future chapters. For anyone waiting for On The Threshold, I want to ease your mind, I'm not starting a whole new story in the midst of that one. This was planned out well before OtT and written for the contest prior to OtT chapter three. This story will be continued, but after that one is finished. Thank you to my superhuman editor, The RPGenius. Without further ado: The Final Sunset of Cinna74 " Love consists of this: two solitudes that meet, protect and greet each other. " - Rainer Maria Rilke 1. I am born. ...I think. Well, maybe not born , but I am , and I think . I'm sitting on a metal table in the middle of a bright, nearly empty room. The table is warm. So is the air. Given that my life began a moment ago, my ability to catalogue thoughts and surroundings seems miraculous. But how do I know that such an ability is above average to begin with? Three people stand before me. Two male, one female. Their features are all sharp and precise. The older man's face is finely honed as if by hours of focus, and he looks at me with a certain degree of pride and excitement. The younger man's stare holds skepticism and distrust, and his face has an intensity to it that feels dangerous like a weapon. Then there is the female, her face drawn taut like a bow. More than anything, she looks weary, granting me only a few cursory, assessing glances. She listens to the older man, pensive and troubled. I'm unsure of how I know these things - gender, age, facial expressions, but I do. I'm even able to follow their conversation. "I've named him Peeta Mellark. It's a randomly generated amalgam of syllables from the most common male names of his time." "His time ?" the younger male asks, "What am I looking at, Beetee?" "I grew him," the male named Beetee answers. "In the lab, like we were growing our endangered species. This is how adult human males looked on Earth." "But where did you get the genetic source material?" inquires the young man. "The Backlogs, of course. I was filing some reference material, and a cube containing an old DNA sequence literally fell on my head from an upper shelf. Since we're shutting down the endangered species labs, I thought I'd have one last bit of fun before everything was gone." The girl flinches at this, but quickly schools her expression, passive once more. "I made a few alterations for creativity's sake. And of course enhanced the brain function several magnitudes beyond a natural-born man's. I don't have time to teach him." "Beetee, that was a huge waste of resources! Especially when there's so little to go around!" the younger male protests. The girl finally speaks, and it's with passion and fury. Her voice reaches me in a way the others haven't. "That's reprehensibly callous! You're just going to unleash some poor creature into our community, the only one of its kind, with no direction or purpose? We don't even know if it's dangerous !" My eyes have followed her through this whole conversation, and I shrink in on myself at her assessment. "I thought he could help me remember some of the longer formulas," Beetee says, sounding genuinely hurt. "That's what the photographic memory was for." He grows defensive. "Anyways, he's not a creature per se, he's still human . Just a less evolved version." "But why's he so pale? There's no sheen to his skin, it's all pallid," the other man says, looking at me with distaste. I look down at my hands. They are pale, compared to the three before me. "Earth was further from the Sol system's sun than Cinna74 is from our own star, hunter Hawthorne," Beetee replies. "Human skin tone was highly variable, which inexplicably incited very primitive behavior. Peeta's skin is not equipped to endure a day beneath our sun." "You mean he has to stay in the compound ? He can't even forage or hunt to add to the food stores?" Hawthorne asks incredulously. "No…he can't." Beetee admits. "I wanted him to be an accurate specimen." For a moment, the female meets my eyes, and there's pity within her glinting silver gaze. I find breathing suddenly difficult. Did Beetee give me a faulty set of lungs? "His eyes," she says, as if suddenly startled. "They're blue." "Yes. Eye color was also somewhat variable. No terrestrial humans had eyes with the capabilities ours do. Nor the color." "So even with his skin covered, he'll barely be able to see outside. Our sun will blind him before long," she hazards. "Yes," Beetee concedes. "If he went outside." At this, her composure falters, and she rounds on him. "Well congratulations! You've created another mouth to feed, and one that can't contribute to our society. What were you were tasked with again? Wasn't it trying to prevent our dwindling food sources from going extinct? Stop wasting time, and see if you can't do something to create a viable food supply," she demands, as she sweeps from the room, her compatriot at her heels. "It's hopeless," Beetee says to the expectant air in her wake. He turns to me, as though I've been a participant in any part of the exchange. "She knows it's hopeless." 2. Their planet is dying. Or all the plant and animal life on it is. They're not really sure which. There have been food shortages due to bad harvests and depleted herds and lack of prey animals for as long as anyone can remember. It fluctuated gradually enough that everyone assumed it was a temporary low in a natural cycle - that good times would come again. Except they haven't. The knowledge that their civilization is in dire straits, that their very survival is threatened, has only been widespread for about the last fifty years. The leaders of their society couldn't pretend nothing was happening any more. A lot of species went extinct in a very short time. Famine spread, and disease followed. Beetee explains this to me in the days following my awakening. The last remaining colony on the planet, Colony 13, has survived by sheer force of will, and extreme resource management. Despair lingers in the corners and niches of the underground compound, but not all hope is lost. She's a major factor in that. She's a symbol for her people, a leader of sorts. The girl who was there when I woke up. She isn't a political leader, and she doesn't run the colony. She's seen more as a source of moral guidance for her people, an inspirational figure. Colonists view her with awe and reverence, and rely on her for comfort in these troubling times. They call her "Mockingjay," after a creature associated with resilience and purity of heart. Beetee says there are no mockingjays anymore. Whether they're long-extinct or simply legendary to begin with, I don't know. She visits with Beetee from time to time, checking up on various experiments. Beetee says she's been colder than usual since he woke me up. She has no time for me, and rarely notices my presence. I cannot say the same. The Mockingjay is forever being called away to attend to pressing matters regarding the colony, most often by the young man who did not like me first. Hawthorne, he's called. I think he may be responsible for her whereabouts and safety. He, also, has no time for me. Beetee has been tasked with keeping an eye on me, but as the leading scientific mind of the shrinking community, there are other claims on his attention. He quickly tires of my presence, waving me away distractedly when I ask questions. My assistance necessitates more explanation than it's worth, he says, and it just makes him more impatient. I have an awareness of shared human experience, meaning I understand social cues, voice inflections, facial expressions, and emotions. I am fully biological, completely human in the classical sense, I am told, just with an enhanced mind. I remember everything I see and hear, and I have an intellectual mastery over the language from my first moments. But knowing the words and knowing how to pronounce them are very different things. I start by requesting an occupation to assist the colony, but no one seems to have a clue of what to do with me. I have no training, but the biggest issue is that I am an unknown entity. I have no records on file. This proves the greatest stumbling block, as my 'nonexistence' in their system seems to almost scare them. Their inability to program an itinerary on my forearm, without any pre-existing documentation, prevents me from being assigned anywhere. They grapple with their databases for hours. Eventually, I give up. I seek to discover more about my home, find my place and learn my purpose, but everywhere I'm greeted with grimaces of distrust, or worse, repulsion. It seems I look too different, too alien to be considered one of them. I try to tell people that I am human too, just an earlier "human," but many of them sneer at my halting speech, laugh at my raspy, untried voice. I know the words, but I am still new to speaking. The colonists look at me like an intruder, as if I chose to invade. I only woke up and found myself here, as each of them did, once. Nonetheless, there is fear in many of them, and I'm given a wide berth as if I'm dangerous or unstable. After a group of young men and women chase me through the halls, making a game of hunting me down, I stay on the lowest levels, surfacing only for the occasional meal in one of the massive mess halls. Dining, like everything else, is a rigidly structured affair. Food is counted, measured and rationed with scientific accuracy. Nowhere is the militant discipline of the colony so apparent. And yet, I'm somehow exempt. Everyone prefers to pretend not to see me. So I take to wandering the underground hallways of the colony. In the labyrinthine network of unused passages, ignored by a population only a fraction of its original size, I alone am free. I explore for several days before loneliness sets in. I've never experienced such a feeling before, but thanks to Beetee's enhancements, I can recognize it. It's amusing, because I've never known companionship, so how can I miss something I've never had? Nevertheless, a hollow ache settles over me. The fact that I have no kin, no people, and no history begins to weigh heavily on me. I realize no one would notice If I was gone, or miss me. I have intellect, but no learning. Ability, but no purpose. Awareness, but no identity and no memory. The only thing I have is what's been programmed into me. I decide to find the spot where Beetee found my genetic code, the place historical records are kept. "The Backlogs," he called them. Like any man, I seek to discover my origin. Those records are the closest thing I have to a family. 3. The Backlogs are not easy to find, and I don't ask Beetee for help. This is personal, and I feel at odds with the rest of the colony. Apparently it's rarely ever visited, because it's located at the end of a dusty, unused