The toes of her shimmering shoes tapped without rhythm. Her hands folded and unfolded themselves in her lap as her back rested stiff against the padded chair. She refrained as well as she could from smacking the glimmering gloss off her lips as the clock ticked. Gloss. Her perfect posture faltered and the tapping halted as her pink lips stretched into a smile across her face. It was only a matter of time now until she got to go home. Back to the familiar asphalt streets of District One where: the candy sweet air filled her nose; she rolled evenly cut jewels of her mother's beads between her fingers and she indulged in the company that came along with delicious home cooked dinners. She missed it all during her weeks in the Capitol and Arena, but definitely missed ihim/i the most. Unfolding her hands once more from her lap, one of her gold nails traced the lines in her dainty palm. Just like he would, to put her at ease. "Two more bites," Pashmina smiled as she pulled the silver spoon from between her youngest daughter's lips. "Isn't she getting a little old to be spoon fed by now?" Cashmere asked, twirling the strings of her pasta around her fork. Pashmina turned to her eldest daughter, then back towards her youngest, whose mouth was opening, anticipating another bite. "She's only two years old. Even you weren't self-sufficient then," she pointed out to Cashmere as Twinkle happily chewed on her last scoopful of dinner. "Good girl, hunny! Do you want your juice now?" The toddler giggled and nodded her head. Cashmere cringed and pushed her half full plate closer into the table. "Finish your dinner," Gersemi called from behind her as he walked into the dining room with Twinkle's bottle in his hands. "The next few weeks of your life will be crucial and you'll need as much sustenance as you can get to win." Cashmere's eyes snapped up towards her step-father's eyes in shock, only to have to pull her gaze away quickly as he, too, cooed at his daughter. "I'm aware of what I need, Father, I just don't have an appetite anymore. That's all." Cashmere continued to push her plate further way. "Though, if it makes you feel better, I'd eat more if we had a real dinner again without all this fussing over the brat." "Cashmere Reitz! How dare you be so rude to us like that! Twinkle is a part of the family now and we'd like for you to respect her, even if she is only a toddler." Gersemi bellowed, his voice echoing off the walls. He never used his work voice at home; even Twinkle stopped babbling in recognition. The usual soft silver of his eyes turned hard, as they filled with something Cashmere had never seen him emit. She was not even sure what to call it. Whatever it was, she was not going to give him the satisfaction of intimidating her. She was at the top of her class at the Academy and was the female candidate for the coming Games. Someone prepared to kill 23 other children was not going to let her old man scare her. She did not need to respect that brat, even if they shared blood. Twinkle would have to earn it like everyone else did. Cashmere was about to open her mouth to retort when Gloss' firm hand slid into hers. Her eyes darted to his, green hissing with malcontent but those silver ones of his were calm. They instantly grounded her to her spot; his fingers splayed and trickled along the lines in her opened palm. "She isn't so bad, Cas. She's pretty cute when she's asleep, there's no crying, no babbling, no mess. You should help mother put her to bed tonight, I'm sure you'll change your mind after that." Gloss flashed her one of those gentle smiles of his. He always knew just what to say. Cashmere looked up at the clock; only a few more hours. The creak of the heavy doors opening brought her attention away from the electronic on the wall to the office's newest inhabitant. Cashmere adjusted her posture; her hands fell flat over her covered thighs and her toes curled against the material of her open-toe shoes. Whiffs of roses puffed through the air around her and grew exponentially as its originator came closer towards her. "So nice of you to join me, Ms Graff," President Coriolanus Snow greeted with a gentle cough, "I hope the banquet last night was to your liking." "It was beautiful, Mr. President, thank you." Her mouth stretched into a smile, forcefully. She did not take well to those using her old family name as opposed to her new one. Not that she did not love her natural father; Cashmere much preferred the present one. Snow took his seat in his large, leather chair directly across from the latest Victor. His plump lips pulled into a smile of equal diameter, only to have a small trail of blood flow from the corner of his mouth. "Sir, are you alright?" "Fine, child," he took his handkerchief and dabbed the blood away, "Thank you for your concern. Though, I must say that I much prefer your ruthless, cool side in comparison." He leered directly at her, "I think the rest of Panem would agree as well." Cashmere smacked her lips ever so gently as they turned up in a much more genuine grin, "I do what I have to, to survive." "Is that so, Ms Graff," The president's eyes fixated themselves onto her face, "Then I'm sure our conversations will go fairly smoothly from here on out." He lifted himself from his desk and leaned closer towards her. A hand of his coming up close along the side of her face, as his boney fingers rubbed a piece of her hair between them. Inch by inch those fingers crawled into her artificially enhanced curls. Coiling around her scalp, they prodded gently at the sensitive skin beneath it. Cashmere twisted the fabric of her dress in her hands as tightly as she could, refusing to twitch, scream or push the President away. "I see Remake did an excellent job restoring the hair that boy from District Two cruelly pulled from your head," Snow whispered into her ear. Within moments, she was no longer in the office. What was the smell of roses became that of dried blood mixed with humidity, sweat and marsh water. The green-brown water flittered onto her tongue with each gulp of breath she attempted to take as Syn tugged her up only to plunge her beneath the surface again. This time, Cashmere did scream as both hands roughly pushed the President back into his chair, her fingernails swiping across his face in defense. The Peacekeepers were on her in milliseconds as they had her pinned to the floor, prepared to use sedatives. "That'll be unnecessary," Snow instructed the guards, "Release Ms Graff please." "Reitz!" She yelled in her fit of anxiety, "My name is Cashmere Reitz!" "Of course it is, child. How terribly sorry I am to have temporarily stripped you of your connection to your beloved Gloss. Though, I doubt that a little piece of paper would keep you away from him." Cashmere glowered at the President as the Peacekeepers let go of their hold on her, "Leave my brother out of this!" "Oh? Is that what you call him? I'm sure I can come up with a handful of terms that list you as anything but, coined especially by those 'friends' of yours at the Academy." Cashmere's gaze flickered with fear, "They wouldn't do something like that. They understand!" Snow's husky laughter filled the room, "In all my years as President, not a single child I encountered has ever understood." Her spine began to tremor as grotesque warmth filled her core and fanned into her fingers and toes. Cashmere's trembling hands ran along the side of her body, pitching and pulling at the fabric of her dress. It was as though her clothes had been torn off her and she stood in the clinically white office in no more than her undergarments. She felt no more vulnerable than an exposed nerve. The warmth turned cold and her teeth began to chatter. She had been victorious in the 61st Games over 23 other tributes, one of which brutally attacked and desecrated her body. She has earned unrivaled levels of honour for herself, her district, her family and yet it is not enough for President Snow to believe she is but a child. No child could have walked out of that swampy-wasteland alive. "Please, I'd like to go home now, sir," Cashmere crushed the silk of her dress in her palm, eyes still staring straight into Snow. "Not yet, my dear. There is a dinner I would like you to attend with me. It will be tomorrow evening, right here in the mansion. Then, I will be sure you are on your way back to District One." "You guarantee this will be your final request of me?" Cashmere asked, warily. "You have my word that I, personally, will ask no more of you this year." Four months of immunity from whatever he had planned was long enough for her to gather herself and face her next challenge with a clear mind. "What time should I be there?" Snow's smile finally fell along with his eye contact as he began to shuffle through papers on his desk, "I'll inform Miss Archer of the details." He looked up from the paper he was scribbling on for only a moment, "Sleep well, my dear and congratulations on your victory." She all but ran out of the office, nearly losing her shoes, once the Peacekeepers opened the heavy doors for her. When Cashmere got back to the Training Centre, she did not so much as greet her mentor, Tiffany Lewis, or her escort, Luciana Archer, before climbing into the shower. She scrubbed every inch of her body that lay in filth from Capitol hands. The soapy water concealed her tears as the sound from the pipes masked her soft cries for her brother. To her surprise, when she stepped out of the steamy shower stall, nothing covering her thin figure, she felt infinitely less exposed then she did an hour ago. Only 24 more hours, then she'll be home. "Spin for me, Cash," Nero asked in his deep tone as his index finger twirled in demonstration. Cashmere whirled on the spot. Her strapless, sweetheart-cut, emerald dress flowed around her slender body as it parachuted at her ankles. The strands of blond tresses that were not wrapped in a bun smoothly followed the circular motion. "Perfect," he smiled as he placed a gentle kiss on her powdered cheeks with his orange lips. A natural blush enhanced the makeup as her eyes sparkled. All before giving her stylist a hug in return, "Thank you, for everything." "It has been my pleasure. I look forward to the Victory Tour; I've already started making preparations." She attempted to not let her smile slip; it was still a few months away. She nodded and kissed his cheek before placing her hand on the door handle. One well manicured foot in front of the other, took Cashmere out into the hallway where Tiffany and Luciana waited patiently for her arrival. Luciana's powder caked face lit up while she touched the exposed, white skin above the dress line. "You're gorgeous, darling! Nero, you've out done yourself!" Luciana cooed while Nero flashed her a smile. "Is there a shawl to match?" Tiffany asked, her eyes still half their normal size as they looked at Cashmere from a distance. Nero's densely cream dusted face fell, shaking his head, "The dress code for the evening states otherwise." Cashmere barely caught the small scoff Tiffany emitted as she rolled her crystal blue eyes. "At least the dress