The Wretched Chapter One They can't see me. They can't hear me. I am safe here in my sanctuary. The waves that lap against the side of my father's old fishing boat calm me. I am consumed by the salty air, gentle rocking of the sea and the warmth of the sun's rays breaking through the clouds above. I'm lost in myself and I have no intention of facing what looms over the shores of the fishing district. At least not yet, I still have a few hours left before I'll be forced to come ashore. I open my eyes to stare up at the clouds, trying to convince myself that I'll be safe this year. I keep telling myself that if I am picked, someone will surely volunteer. Not that anyone here cares enough about me as an individual to put their life on the line to save me, but this is a career district meaning someone will want the glory of being a victor. "I hope so…or else I'm fucked," I whisper afraid that if I were to speak any louder I might jinx it, condemning myself to those wretched games. Turning over onto my stomach I reach over the side of the boat, trailing my fingers over the water's surface, loosing myself in the thoughts I came out here to escape from. "This will be my last year, I just have to stand there and hope that the odds are in my favor " I say mocking the Capitol's absurd accent. "Fourteen out of the thousands of slips in that massive fishbowl…I'll be fine." I lay there, trailing my fingers through the cool liquid, weighing my options. I could slip away into the sea if only this boat were a decade or so younger and then there's my father waiting at home. I wouldn't make it past the islands in the distance before the peacekeepers would snatch me up in one of those hovercrafts. There was no doubt in my mind that I'd be taken prisoner and be put through horrors that would make death seem like a sweet embrace. "So much for my sanctuary," I let out an exasperated breath and push myself up. As I make my way back to shore I can't help feel as though I'm sailing towards my doom. The day of the reaping clung to the district like a leach, draining it of life. The market normally filled with the young and old of Four is deserted. No children fishing off the docks, or playing in the shallows and running along sand beds. No parents watching their little ones like hawks, or bargaining with the venders for tonight's meal. I'm surprised with how few fishermen are out; usually they won't be back at the docks until eleven. I've been out there longer than I thought, or perhaps they're too busy clinging to their loved ones, anticipating the moment when they'll be ripped from their arms by the Capitol's dogs. The thought of District Two jumping through hoops just to ensure they stay in the Capitol's favor brings a sour taste to my mouth. We have careers here too; most of us are trained from a young age. Any child in Four can weave a net, fashion hooks from almost anything, swim and spear fish before they reach the young age of ten. We may be better off than some other districts, but we don't supply the Capitol with soldiers. The only people from District Four they get are the ones stolen from their families at the reaping. If they do come back from the games they are never the same, Annie is the prime example of that. The poor thing lost her marbles, and I can't say I blame her after seeing her district partner decapitated right before her eyes. I quickly shake the image from my mind as I tie my father's boat to the dock. Now is not the time to be thinking about the horrors of the games, I need to get through this with as little anxiety as possible. There's no point in hyping myself up over it, I'll be fine. It's my last year, after this there will be no more games for me. I'll spend most of my life out at sea in boats not unlike like this one. I'll grow old and die naturally and I will never have children. I refuse to let the Capitol take anyone else from me, they already have her . As soon as I finish the knot I spin on my heel and bolt towards my little home. As I weave in between people already on their way to the JusticeBuilding, there was now no doubt in my mind that I am running late. I slam open my front door and rush down the hall leading into my bed room, nearly running into my father on my way. "Watch it!" I hear his voice boom from the hallway. "Sorry dad! Just give me a minute, I need to get changed!" I yell from my closet. My hands warp around the only dress in my possession; I love dresses but I simply can't afford them, not to mention they aren't exactly practical out at sea with all that wind. "Hurry up we don't have all day!" He's worried that the peacekeepers might come retrieve us. I can hear it in his voice; it's the fear lacing in with his usual gruff tone. I chance a look at the clock on my end table and instantly regret my little getaway this morning. I quickly pull the cotton dress over my body and zip up the back before fastening the belt around my waist. It's a simple turquoise dress with a sweetheart neckline that ends just above my knees; it was my mothers reaping dress when she was my age. Images of that day flash before my eyes, I squeeze them shut and shake my head. Don't cry now, not today. A bang on my bedroom door snaps me back to reality causing me to nearly jump out of my skin. Another glance at the clock, 11:40 we have to go now. I take one last look at my reflection before slipping into the hall where my father is waiting at the door, his face is slightly flushed and one of the veins in his temple is visible indicating that he's stressed. That's my cue to hurry the fuck up. By the time we make it to the square we are one of the last families to arrive. I can feel a hand on my shoulder, when I meet my father's eyes my heart constricts. He won't say it but he's scared, his eyes betray him and I can't bring myself to look at them any longer. There can be no weakness here, the capitol and their pets feed off of it. I will not give them that satisfaction. He squeezes my shoulder and nods towards a table where two female peacekeepers sit before removing his hand, his silent reminder to stay strong. I manage a thin smile for his sake before I walk over to the table. The peacekeeper grabs my hand and stabs my index finger with a needle with disinterest. I've always disliked this part; it's never been easy to get blood out of my fingers, bad circulation or something like that, it was the same with my mother. This process is far from comfortable and I feel as though she's trying to rip my finger off as she works the blood down to the tip. Once she's drawn out enough blood, she scans it and lets me take my place with all the other eighteen year old girls. Oh how considerate, front row seats! If looks could kill that little Capitol creature on stage would be engulfed in flames. I slot in between two other girls from my class who shuffle over to make room, one offers me a small smile. I can't remember her name for the life of me, Rachel I think…or maybe it's Rebecca, I have no idea. Instead I just give her a small nod and turn my attention back to the stage where our lovely little pest stands playing with her turquoise hair, Callidora Waltz. She's pleased to be my district's representative; I can't hide the look of disgust on my face as she bats her abnormally long lashes at the beautiful man that is Finnick Odair. One moment she's ecstatic about sending him to a horrific death, the next she wants to be his one true love , pathetic. As expected, he flashes her one of his boyish smiles before she turns her attention back to the crowd and taps on the microphone sending a dull thud through the speakers. "Good afternoon to each and every one of you! Now that all of you are here, I would like to take this time to share a very important message from our very generous President Snow! This beautiful video is a gentle reminder of why we are all here, and how the glorious games came to be. Now , without further a due…please enjoy this message straight from the Capitol!" Callidora gestures enthusiastically towards the giant screen bearing the Capitol's seal, an eagle with its wings spread apart grasping eight arrows in its talons. Of course the 'C' at the bottom of the seal has a pointed crown resting above it; reminding the districts of Panem who holds the power least we forget it. The same video they play every year replaces the seal; Snow's voice dubbed over it sends chills up my spine. I hate that man; he's the root of all evil in Panem. I've seen this video every year of my life; I know it like the back of my hand. My eyes wander aimlessly over the faces of the crowd, I catch a few eyes but for the most part everyone's eyes are glued to the screen in a mixture of fear, pain, and even pride. I quickly turn back to the stage, wondering what people see in my eyes. Do they see fear or resentment, weakness or strength? I don't know, and I'm not sure I want to find out, instead I try my hardest to clear all emotion from my face and hold whoever's gaze I meet next. I'm met with the sea-green orbs of Finnick, he would be mistaken for indifferent if it weren't for the crease in between his brow and the slight pull at the corner of his bow shaped lips. I instantly dislike his expression, it does nothing to calm my nerves and I'm sure my unease is showing through as well. "Wasn't that just lovely ? My, my, my how our President has a way with words, absolutely lovely !" I fix my eyes on her and she takes a step towards the two fishbowls, "Now let's start with the boys for a change! I love a little diversity ." She says the last part with a wink directed to Finnick. Just get it over with already. I chance a look to where my father stands in the crowd; he's standing tall with his head held high. He appears confident, but I'm sure the arms crossed over his chest hide fists clenched so tight that the knuckles are as white as the bone underneath his tanned skin. "Murrow Al-" Callidora's voice is drowned out by a scream to my left. My head snaps towards the girl who had offered me the reassuring smile, she's covering her ears and seems to be sobbing in a heap on the sand covered pavement. Callidora glares at the girl beside me with distaste before clearing her throat, "Yes as I was saying before I was so rudely interrupted. The boy tribute from district four is Murrow Alta !" Who is she? I rack my brain as I reach down to help her back onto her