Ron laid on his back wide awake. It was 2:25 in the morning but he just couldn't sleep. He turned on his side to watch his wife's sleeping face. How peaceful she looked. He couldn't understand why. Her hands tucked snugly underneath her pillow as she breathed in such a graceful manner. Surely something must happen soon. He nervously played with the wedding band around his ring finger as he continued to watch her nervously. A worried glint in his eye as he bit his bottom lip, fighting the urge to wake her. He decided he couldn't help himself. He just had to ask. He placed a caring hand against her bare shoulder, nudging her ever so slightly. "'Mione?", he spoke in almost a whisper as he continued to shake her carefully. Hermione remained in her sleepy state as Ron pouted. "Hermione", he spoke once more, this time a little louder. Without a single twitch of her eyelids, Hermione responded. "Yes?", she said, her eyes still closed. "Are you alright?", he asked her. Hermione sighed as she repositioned herself, in an attempt to get comfier. "Yes, Ron. I'm fine", she told him simply. "Why do you ask?" "It's just – It was 40 weeks 2 days ago. Something should have happened by now", he told her as a matter-of-factly. Hermione sighed once more as she finally opened her eyes, looking up at his worried face. "Ron. It's perfectly normal to be overdue", she told him. Ron took out his deluminator from the drawer in his bedside cabinet, giving it a small click as two balls of light travelled across the room, the bulbs of the two lamps that stood nearby consuming the energy as they filled the room with light. Hermione squinted in the sudden brightness as she sat up in bed, propping herself up on the palms of her hands until she sat in a comfy position, her huge bump bulging over the top of the duvet as she rubbed her eyes sleepily. She watched him judgementally as he reached down over the bed for something until he sat back up with a book in his lap. "But, I read in here that a pregnancy is supposed to last for 40 weeks ", he told her, patting the book in front of him. Hermione couldn't help but feel her heart swell in learning that he had been reading up on pregnancy. She sighed lovingly before placing a caring hand on top of his. "Yes, a pregnancy does usually last around 40 weeks, but it's not uncommon for some women to be overdue, Ron. We don't get to the 40-week mark and give birth just like that! Some women even have their babies before 40 weeks!", she couldn't help but chuckle. Ron blushed a little at how silly he must've sounded. Hermione graced his cheek with the palm of her hand, looking at him adoringly as he sighed. "I guess I'm just getting impatient", he mumbled. Hermione rolled her eyes a little as she shook her head disapprovingly. "I do wish you wouldn't mumble", she told him as she ran her fingers through his messy red hair. Ron couldn't help but chuckle. "It'll be any day now, just wait and see", she told him. Ron nodded as he took her hand within his own, pressing his lips softly against her wedding band as she smiled warmly at him. "So – so you don't feel anything ?", he asked sadly. Hermione shook her head. "I can feel her kicking a lot though", she smiled, taking his hand and placing it against her swollen stomach. Ron's eyes widened in astonishment as he felt the commotion going on underneath the palm of his hand. "Bloody hell! I don't think I'll ever get used to this", he said, placing his other hand against her bump. "Me neither", she chuckled lightly, as she watched him in awe of their unborn daughter. "She'll definitely play Quidditch", he announced proudly as he smiled warmly at his wife. "Do you think she knows I'm here?", he suddenly asked. Hermione nodded confidently. "She kicks more often when you tell us stories", she told him, continuing to run her fingers through his soft ginger locks. Ron sighed as he looked up at her, watching him with such love in her eyes. "If someone had told me in our second year that I'd be married and having a baby with Hermione Granger, I'd have told them they were bloody bonkers!", he laughed. Hermione chuckled as she placed her hand on top of his. "You and me both! And its Hermione Weasley , thank you very much", she smirked. Ron removed his hand from under her touch and placed the palm of his hand softly against her rosy cheek. How he loved the feel of her skin. He would say it was as smooth as silk, but he was certain that even silk didn't feel this smooth! He was still completely amazed by how much love he had for her. Over many years, Ron had witnessed so many couples fall out of love, go their separate ways and some even getting divorced, that he had always assumed that people just, eventually, fall out of love. Hermione had proved him wrong. Every day he would find something new that he loved about her. Today, he loved how calm and casual she was, even though she was 40 weeks and 2 days pregnant and must be getting awfully uncomfortable! He suddenly repositioned himself so he was sat at her level, inviting her into his embrace as he began to run his fingers through her hair instead. Her brunette locks were a tangled mess of curls, just the way Ron liked it. He recalled their wedding day and how she had met him down the aisle with her hair in a neat bun. She looked absolutely breath-taking, but something just wasn't right. Ron furrowed his brow at her, deep in thought as he tried to spot what was missing, when it suddenly hit him. As the registrar attempted to begin the ceremony, Ron stopped him with a quickly mumbled 'one second', which made Hermione roll her eyes. He could hear the whispers amongst the crowd as he suddenly reached for her bun, pulling out the bobby pins that were keeping it so neat and tidy. Hermione looked at him, completely dumbfounded as he helped her hair fall into its natural style; wavy and full of life. "Perfect", he smiled softly. He watched the small tears beginning to form in her beautiful big brown eyes as he took her hands within his own and gave the registrar a quick wink, signalling him to start. "What are you thinking about?", she suddenly asked, pulling him from his thoughts. She looked up at him, affection pouring from her eyes. Ron smiled warmly at her, kissing the top of her head as he sighed contently. "Just being a soppy git", he told her. Hermione smiled before shuffling around a little, clearly struggling to get comfortable. "Are you alright?", he asked. "Yes. Yes, I'm fine", she huffed as she finally settled. "It's just difficult to find a comfy position when you feel as heavy as a Hippogriff!", she told him. Ron chuckled softly as he kissed the top of her head once more. "You're bloody amazing, you are", he told her. And he could only hope she knew just how much he meant that. She had always amazed him, if it wasn't her intelligence, it was her bravery. But this was a whole new level of amazement. He couldn't quite believe that for 40 weeks (and two days .) she had carried an actual human life inside of her. A human life that they had created together . And how excited he was. They were going to have a daughter , and Ron had vowed to himself that he would always protect her. He would always protect both of them , no matter what. He could feel his heart thumping within his chest as he thought on. In their sixth year, Ron had given up all hope of he and Hermione ever working things out. He had decided that he just wasn't good enough for her, and that was when, coincidentally, Lavender Brown had suddenly become interested in him. 'What a terrible decision', Ron grimaced at the thought of his former girlfriend. He wanted to give Hermione the world, like he truly felt she deserved, but all he could offer was a lanky, ginger fool who had made her cry on more than one occasion. He hated his younger self, and he often told himself that if he could ever go back in time, he would give younger Ron a smack around the head and tell him to stop being such a bloody idiot. But they had made it. He had made it. He had gotten the girl he was so sure would have ended up with his best friend, the hero of their story. But over the years they had been together and in the year they had been married, Ron knew that he was her hero, and that was all that really mattered. "I love you, Ron", she whispered as she placed her hand against his bare chest, right above his heart. She gave a tired yawn before allowing herself to fall back to sleep, completely at peace in her husband's embrace. Ron smiled warmly as he ducked his head, allowing his lips to softly make contact with her temple. "I love you too, Hermione", he whispered in return. With a swift click of his deluminator, the balls of energy that had been consumed by the bulbs he had sent them to earlier made their way back to him, the room falling into darkness as Ron yawned himself. Slowly closing his eyes until he found himself reminiscing some more in his dreams… It was a cold and dreary night. The rain had poured all day, ruining both his and Hermione's agendas and he was becoming irritable. He had had plans that day. Important plans! Plans so important that he had spent a month preparing them in secret with Harry, and had only decided a week before that that day would be the day he would go through with them. 'Stupid fucking rain', he thought to himself as he sat on the sofa pouting. He wanted to go out and continue with his well thought-out ideas, despite the rain, but, Hermione had insisted that the weather was far too terrible for either of them to go out today. The muggle television that Hermione's parents had bought them as a moving in gift was blaring loudly as he flickered through the channels mindlessly. "Ron!", Hermione called his name sharply from the kitchen. She strutted into the living room, taking the television remote away from him and turning the volume down. "Are you deaf!", she asked. "Sorry", he mumbled. Hermione raised her eyebrow at him, her hands on her hips as she watched him with suspicious eyes. "What on earth is the matter with you today? You've been in such a foul mood all day!", she huffed. "Just – had stuff I had to do. S'all", he mumbled. Hermione pinched the skin between her eyebrows in frustration. How it irritated her when he mumbled like a naughty child. "Well – I had to miss work today too, you know?", she attempted to sympathise with him. "We were supposed to be filing the paperwork against the mistreatment of house elves today", she sighed as she took a seat beside him. "My day was more important", he spoke without really thinking. He wanted to take back the words as soon as he had said them, feeling her angry stare burning into his skin without even looking at her. " Excuse me ! I don't know how you could say such a thing! Protecting the rights of house elves is just as important as