AN: Hello, everyone. The formatting of this story has been causing a bit of a bother probably due to some mistakes on my end, I hope this time things will be fixed though. I feel it only fair to say that I have a habit of getting writer block for long periods of time before getting inspiration out of the blue, so release times may vary. This is also a hobby of mine that I wish to improve on so I'd request that if anyone has any pointers or tips then please feel free to give them in a review. A famous man once said death is but only the next great adventure, my first one though wasn't really all that interesting. Born to a decent family neither poor or wealthy and no real clue what I wanted to do as I grew up I went on to study drama. That's not to say I was the most confident or social person, in fact a lot of the time I was on the outskirts looking in, a little too nervous to take the step into the deep end. So imagine my surprise when I was good at it; acting, being on a stage in front of people entertaining a crowd with the smiles that I always struggled to make. I was ecstatic finally something I could do. When the offer to go to the London Drama School came up I went for it. It was the beginning of a new adventure. Back in June 2016, just a few months ago actually, I was interviewed by the London Drama School which composed of two pieces and a small follow up interview. This unlike so many other things to me meant something, so where usually I was calm, collected and just a little not bothered, this time I was anxious, terrified and very much bothered. In a way I think those emotions helped me during my performances. Either way my pieces as Abigail from the crucible and Juliet from Romeo and Juliet passed, and with flying colours. I couldn't be more ecstatic when the confirmation letter came through. Now three months later I was on the way to my next adventure. Since I originally lived in the Scottish city of Glasgow, which was a seven hour journey by car living at home was impossible, though I still wanted to try if only to stick with my family. My mum had quickly rid me of any plans for getting the hour and a half plane journey everyday. So now I was on a coach to London for the campus accommodation, settling in day. Now please don't assume because my dad wasn't taking me by car he didn't love me or the world was ending. In reality my mum had bought me the 'accommodation essentials' as approved by her. Yup, she went overboard. So now I was on a coach carrying carrying over a bagadazillion ton (yes it's a real number) of 'accommodation essentials' while speeding along the M6. Well not me, but the driver on the coach I was on, same thing really. It was just around this point that things went horribly wrong. With little traffic we were moving along quickly, as was everyone else on the roads. This included the long haul truck going just under the speed limit. Speeding or not however meant very little when a sudden tyre puncture lead the rig right into our buses back bumper. The rest of the bus braced themselves, me… Well I jolted and dropped my iPhone. When the world faded to black I don't think it was because the iPhone bigger than my hand hit my head. At 1pm on the 5th of June 1980, Narcissa Malfoy is admitted to the maternity ward of St Mungo's. After nine months of pregnancy she has finally entered labour. The event is not an entirely pleasant one as she spends much of the time alone, her husband Lucius already preoccupied with a Death Eater raid is unable to arrive until four hours since she was administered. It is a grim experience hearing her scream for the next two hours until finally the effort pays off. They have two perfectly healthy children, a boy and a girl. The boy, the older twin is named Draco Lucius Malfoy after his father, while the girl is named Aurora Narcissa Malfoy after her mother. For this moment the propriety of their station is forgotten in place of the joy of first time parents. This will be a moment they hold onto. Three years later and Narcissa finds it difficult to think how her life would be without the twins; she knows they're probably what kept her going even when the war progressed until its sudden ending. So many times when her husband left the house she found herself alone, helping them learn to walk and talk, their hilarious babbles distracting her long enough for Lucius to return safely home. She remembers the first time they walked, Draco was first. Though Aurora seemed to stand first she seemed anxious of the moving part until her brother showed her how. Narcissa's princess got him back though when she spoke her first words earlier, her heart felt like putty when her little girl told them 'I luv yooo'. Admittedly their pride may have gotten away from them at that moment as they began to fight tooth and nail to get Draco to say their name first. In the end up his first word had been 'No'. She didn't think she'd ever seen Lucius pout before then. Due to the baby boom of the first wizarding war Narcissa has many people to talk to when it comes to raising her children. It is to her surprise then that so many of her fellow purebloods, and a few less desirables, though they are not personally asked, speak of the terrible trouble they have with their children. At the time Narcissa can't understand what they mean - Aurora is an active little girl and terribly bright with the word prodigy already looming over her head, but at the same time so well behaved. Draco is different... more privileged but well behaved all the same, and easily managed. The troublesome toddlers are nowhere in sight, until they appear so quickly it must be a horrible curse. Half way through their threes, on the 20th of December the Yule ball comes around and Aurora finally misbehaves, just not in a way either parent can truly oppose. The bones family are meant to be holding the event this year, as a largely neutral party during the war and neither pro-dark or light they were chosen as a safe host. The party was meant to start at four, it's already ten minutes past. If they're quick they might just be fashionably late. In the entrance hall Lucius is ready in his tuxedo and dress robes, while in his arms a similarly dressed Draco is scratching at the collar of his robes a face of disgust printed across his face due to the 'poor quality' most likely, it is a shame there own tailor doesn't specialise in children's clothing Narcissa thinks. Still in one of the female dressing rooms Narcissa is dressed in a slytherin green formal evening dress with a sophisticated hemline that reaches her ankles. On the other hand Aurora... well, her dress is a little crumpled and her small stubby limbs are struggling to find a way in. Her mother has already tried to help, as have the house elves but the little princess has already put her foot down with a pout that would be adorable if her defiance wasn't so Gryffindor. After fifteen variations though Aurora has finally perfected 'No, I want to do it myself.'. "Really, dear it would be quicker if..." "...No, I want to do it myself." "Sweetheart wouldn't it be easier..." "No." "We're going to be late" The young toddler paused, looking surprisingly nervous as she stared down at the defiant dress which just didn't want to go on. If she hadn't she might have seen Narcissa unsheathing her wand. "Trabeas" The elder witch intoned as the dress which was once on the ground found itself sitting comfortably on her daughter's shoulders, then with a flick and a command of "Scourgify" her daughter's dress looked brand new and they were ready to go. "Now come along child, we don't have all day." "But mum..." Usually in these stories the one reincarnated has this horrific moment where they're pushed out their new mothers vagina confused, disorientated and screaming. Well either that or they're the silent, watching devil baby. Anyway they then go on to have horrific memories of their babyhood learning to walk, talk and most disturbingly use the toilet. In the other case they get dreams which slowly reveal their past life. For me however as my brain developed, my memories returned slowly merging my past life and this new one to form what my parents knew as me, Aurora. With the development of my long term memory, by the age of four my earliest memory was actually of my mum, Narcissa Malfoy trying to teach me how to eat properly as a respectable woman... when I was one and a half at the time. The fact my reply had been to childishly slingshot my food at her had caused me to giggle more than a few times when I found myself bored. Which was surprisingly often considering I was a 'mature' seventeen year old in a toddlers body. That's not to say I was a bad child, just that when I got bored I could get a little more creative than others of my age or amuse myself by simply being a child. For the most part though I was exceptionally mature for my age, mentally if not physically. It was because of this and the sharp progression that had dwarfed most of the other magical children that I'd been heaped with praise. I couldn't deny I was spoiled. The new toys and clothes where just a bonus when seeing my stoic dad with a real smile or mummy bragging when she thought I couldn't hear (Of course a Lady Black never brags, they merely inform their lesser's of the importance of their accomplishments). You've probably realised by now I haven't really talked much about how I felt learning just who my family was, and exactly where I was. The truth is when I learned just who my parents where I didn't care. I couldn't, my parents were kind and caring where Rowling portrayed them as ruthless and cold. Intellectually I knew they could be both but that big part of me, the innocence of a child and a teenager who's greatest tragedy was failing their higher history exam first time around rejected such cruel perceptions of such loving people. After all if Rowling's stories were so focused on the power of love my parents were practically beaming with it. That wasn't to say though I took it all well, learning I was in the world of Harry Potter was... difficult, I admit. The first time I heard mention of a Harry Potter the Boy-Who-Lived adventure book, about a boy saving princesses from dragons before returning home to his palace in Camelot, left me feeling physically sick knowing just how fantasised that story was when a child out there was suffering, I knew rationally it was doubtful the Dursley's had started anything yet but still I couldn't stop thinking just how luxurious my life was when he lived in a cupboard. My parents worried a lot for an entire week after that as I constantly shifted between depressed and scared. Depressed for Harry, and terrified of the coming war which would drag my entire family into it. Including my big brother. Little Draco who fell to sleep every night listening to one of our parents read the Harry Potter adventure