A chilling breeze blew through the open window pushing the curtains roughly aside. The dark interior of the room was dimly lit by a small fire crackling under the mantle piece. The occupant in the room sat on a old bronze chair facing the fire, watching the last of flames crackle on the charred wood. The brass ornaments that were displayed on top of the fireplace looked as if they had not been polished in years even the furniture in the room looked neglected and tarnished. A faint pop signaled the arrival of the house elf. The elf did not speak at first and looked as if he was gathering his courage to deliver his news. "Speak" the voice demanded and the elf visibly shook in fear from the command. "Hokie has come to announce the arrival of visitors at the gate, they have a prisoner. Lomy has already notified Master Molfy of their presence and Hokie remembers Mistress Lestrange's order, to tell her of anything that happens in the Molfy Manor" He spoke quickly as he fidgeted with his tethered rag he wore. The rooms occupant stood immediately turning to face the elf who visibly flinched. He elf bowed his head low, with his nose almost touching the floor. There was a load crack as the woman apparated downstairs to greet her new guests. "Mudblood" Bellatrix breathed hauntingly as she stared down at the girl before her. Mudblood The one word spoken sent a ripple through the snatchers as they glanced nervously at each other. There were nine snatchers in total and all of them were dirty men who looked as if they had not showered in years. Among them was the infamous werewolf Greyback who stood in front of the tethered rag tag bunch. Hermione kept her eyes locked on the black orbs as she felt them sweep over her body, she was determined to keep her breathing equally paced even though her mind was racing. The leader and werewolf Greyback, who was the strongest more vile man of the whole group. The most feared werewolf of Britain kept the men under control promising the rest of the men a delicious prize that they would all receive if they stuck to his plan. The moment she felt the hairs stand on the back of her neck, Hermione knew she wandered too far from the camp site where her wards could not keep her safe. The Gryffindor screamed at the top of her lungs desperately trying to alert the boys. When she was wrestled easily to the ground by the werewolf, who couldn't believe his luck catching her. The Gryffindor screamed her throat coarse until Greyback's fist effectively knocked her out making her fall face first into the mud. Five horrific days of been beaten to a pulp and crucio to the point of unconsciousness. Scraps of bread were fed to her and small mouthfuls of water from a dirty bottle that was forced to her lips which Hermione slurped greedily down whenever it was offered to her. The only recovery was when she was dragged roughly through dense forest hooded and gagged. Scabior had taken a liking to the Gryffindor and enjoyed inflicting the most pain and scrutiny on her. He would often show off his spells that brought the out worst screams from her in front of the other men in group. "Good Muddog, stay down at my feet where you belong." Scabior chuckled as he placed his boot on Hermione's chest planting her firmly in the muddy ground. A few of the men let out a laugh while the watched hungrily from the campfire where they were siting. An eerie silence fell over the camp with only the sound of the campfire crackling. It reminded Hermione of siting safely between Harry and Ron safe which felt like a life time ago. Scabior pressed his foot harder into her chest making Hermione wheeze in pain as he looked down at her with a predatory look in his eyes. He removed he boot and crouched down next to her and with unnatural gentle hands he stroked the hair that was plastered to her damp face out of her eyes. He lent forward and pushed his head in the crook of her neck and took a long deep breath in, staying like that for a few moments. Hermione froze in fear when she felt his lips bush against her ear "You smell like a dirty rat, a rat I look forward to pushing my cock inside of" He croaked into her ear. The Gryffindor shuddered violently feeling the bile rise in her throat. Scabior put his hands either side of her face to look directly down into her eyes, his pupils were dilated as he continued to breathe over her. With the remainder of her strength Hermione surged up words head-butting him hard in the nose, he toppled over landing on with ground with a thud. "You little bitch! You broke my fucking nose!" He cried clasping a hand over his bleeding face. The men surrounding the camp fire quickly rose towards her. Hermione squinted out of her swollen eye sockets at them. "Nah! Nah leave her to me lad's, I'm gonna teach this little slut a lesson" Scabior said waving the men down. He stood and whipped his nose on his sleeve which continued to bleed down his past his chin and reached into his jacket pocket to pull out his mahogany wand. "Petrificus Totalus" the body bind spell hit Hermione who was still sitting up at the time, knocking her again onto the ground. The witch was unable to move an inch, her breathing had become erratic and her eyes darted around erectly followed Scabior walking towards her, He lifted her up and draped over one of his shoulders. "Mate, you reckon that's a good idea? Greyback ordered that we were to keep her alive and-" "The fuck do I care what Greyback said" Answered Scabior angrily. "I'm only having a bit of fun, warming up this Mudblood." He smirked towards the rest of the men who were unsure of what to do as they stood around the campfire again watching a terrified Hermione being carried to the far corner of the camp. Her chilling screams and cries echoed through the camp that night making even the toughest of the men shiver uncomfortably. Numb. Hermione felt numb, from every beating and every spell that was inflicted on her body was broken. A small voice from within her was the only thing that encouraged her to keep on going. That small voice who soothed her soul and her mind. Hermione's eyes were closed as she lay on the cold ground again listening to her inner voice. "Bloody hell! Look at that Scabby, you've gone an made er' ears bleed." One of the men crackled after the crucio spell was lifted. The rest of the men joined in laughter and some of them crouched beside her to inspect the damage further. "Enough!" A loud terrifying voice erupted making the men jump. "We need her able to walk into the damn Manor or this whole plan will go to the bloody shit." Greyback growled. "We could just heal er an av' a bit more fun." One of men laughed deeply openly adjusting his junk threw his jeans. "Yeah Greyback, lighten up and let that greasy hair of yours down and have fun with me and the boys. As if any of us know how to preform healing spells anyway." Scabior smirked. "We only know the good shit." The men in the group cheered together. Fenrir let out an annoyed growl and showed his fangs menacingly towards the group who all dropped their eyes to the group obediently. Only Scabior lifted his chin up slightly at the werewolf who clenched his jaw down with a loud snap and a few of the men jumped. "I see the Mudblood managed to gift you a broken nose, maybe not learning healing spells wasn't such a bright idea." Greyback crackled at Scabior. "Rick" Greyback snarled "Clean the Mudblood up and the rest of you pack up the camp I think it's about time we paid the Dark Lords most 'favorite' Death Eaters a visit." He licked his lips and the group scrambled quickly around the camp. Rick walked over to where Hermione lay motionless on the ground. He knelt down beside her and tried to rub the blood away that had trickled down the side of her face from her ears with a small dirty handkerchief. Hermione had her eyes glued shut while she remained in a zombie like state on the hard earth. "Oi Rick, leave that mess alone I like been able to see the artwork me an' the boys have created." Scabior said, checking that Greyback was out of ear shot, he was looking pleased with himself as he polished his wand. Rick pushed the handkerchief back into his jeans pocket hastily. His sad eyes flickered over the girls broken body. He shuddered slightly upon seeing open gashes, scratches and dark bruises that were littering her skin. At some point during her time with the men, most of her clothes had been either removed for fallen off due to the sheer force of the crucio cursed. Rick guessed that Scabior would have had a hand in some of the removal of the witch's clothes. The girl was left in her underwear, of course Scabior would want to humiliate her, as he always had a passion for belittling people. He clenched his jaw painfully remembering the girl's screams throughout the forest, her cries would be forever echoing in his head. Rick used to have a little sister before she was killed in a Death Eater raid gone wrong and seeing the young witch like this brought back such immense guilt and shame that it made him feel physically sick to his stomach. Rick unbuckled the water bottle he had on hip and gentle poured the water into witches' mouth. Hermione's confused eyes snapped open as she felt the water soothe her sand paper throat. The Gryffindor searched the eyes of the snatcher, seeing many emotions flicker through them. "H…hel…help..me.. pleas…please." Hermione whispered and voice cracked as she forced each word out of her raw throat. Rick brought a finger up to his mouth and Hermione stopped trying to talk. The men around the camp were still busy doing what they ordered to do. Rick slowly pulled his wand out of his holster and Hermione tried to shrink away. A warm feeling came over her as Rick cast a silent heating charm, he then pulled out of his backpack a old pair of jeans which he pulled up each of Hermione's legs. Once they were ready to be zipped up, Rick looked up to glance around them seeing no one was taking interest he quickly placed his wand in the side of her jeans and zipped and buttoned her up. Hermione stared at him in utter disbelief which Rick with a small sad smile and mouthed the words "I'm sorry" "Rick, what the fuck do you think you're doing mate? " Scabior shouted at him from across the camp. Rick jumped back and looked up at him with a feeling of dread as he watch Scabior make his way over to them. "Dressing the Mudblood? How am supposed to view my handy work now?" Scabior licked his lips looking down on the witch. Hermione's squirmed under his gaze and shut her eyes tightly blocking him out. A low growl sounded behind them as warning and Hermione heard Rick stand up abruptly. The next thing she knew she was forced to stand upright, feeling every nerve in her body scream in protest. Hermione was trembling in fear with flashes of Scabior's face coming into her mind's eye. A sharp shot through her back making her eyes snap open only to have the moldy hood