a/n: Hi! So I wrote a thing. It started out as part of the Everlark Drabble Challenge on tumblr (check the tag if you haven't already, so many great stories!). It was borne from the prompt "backpacking Everlark" thanks to mellarksberries, but it spiraled into a pretty hefty one-shot once I started thinking about it and formulating all these ideas based on suggestions from other tumblr users who are from or had been to Germany. Fair warning: I have never been to Munich myself. My knowledge of Germany is limited to the four years I took of the language in high school and college. Meaning...it's crap. Luckily, I had some native German speakers, bunsandbrushes and sagittaria-sagittifolia, who offered to beta the story and fix my butchering of their language and also gave me some more insight into cultural practices. I can't even articulate the debt I owe them for their help on this. I really wanted to make this story as authentic as possible, and their editing was phenomenal! That said, if there any issues with translation, they are totally my fault due to overall ignorance. I also owe a depth of gratitude to a few other people who filled me in on what Munich is like and inspired a number of scenes: absnow, bottledmichelle and sponsormusings, for the Glockenspiel bit ;). Thank you, ladies, you made fleshing out this story that much easier! Also covert props to my IRL friend who went to Munich recently with her husband and had no idea I was siphoning ideas from her as she regaled me with stories of her trip. There are translations for a lot of the German words and references at the bottom of the piece, if that helps, though I don't think you'll be too confused if you don't feel like looking them up later; I tried to provide as many context clues as possible. As always, I hope you enjoy the story! Thank you for reading! It's only day one, and Katniss already does not trust her host, Peeta Mellark. She tells him so. "I'm not going to have sex with you," she states bluntly the moment she steps into his cute Bavarian-style house in Munich, clutching her backpack straps tightly in her hands. It's everything she owns right now. Peeta recoils, his cropped blond curls ruffling with the jerk of his head. "Buh— bitte ?" he stutters in shock. She is undeterred by his golly-gee demeanor and his bright blue eyes. She's young, but by now she's no novice when it comes to couchsurfing. As per Johanna's recommendation to use the online hospitality service after she told her friend about her plans to backpack across Europe, she's spent a week in Barcelona, then a week in Paris, a week in Venice, and now a week in Munich. Somehow, by chance, each host she's stayed with has been male, and each one apparently expected the easy American girl to put out in exchange for lodging. She isn't going to wait to be propositioned this time. "If you're expecting me to have sex with you, it's not going to happen," she says flatly, firming her mouth into a thin line as she faces down his wide eyes. He blinks a few times, aghast, and immediately begins shaking his head, holding his hands up in a placating gesture. "Oh—Ich...also, nein! I do not— no sex ," he wheezes out on a gasping breath as he waves his hands, his words clipped by his heavy German accent. She narrows her eyes at him skeptically, giving him a once-over under her lashes. Aside from his broad shoulders and sturdy stature, he looks harmless enough, in his perfectly wrinkle-free trousers and pressed, plaid button-down shirt. His house is neat and tidy but small, though she knows, having seen "American Psycho," that cleanliness doesn't preclude him from being a serial killer. Still, the pale pallor of his face, the way the blood first drained from his face then flushed his cheeks in sheer embarrassment at her suggestion, gives her comfort. She still doesn't trust him, but she feels more at ease. "Okay, just wanted to establish the ground rules," she says, releasing her death grip on her backpack. "I've...had some troubling encounters with my hosts so far." Rubbing the back of his neck, Peeta pushes his thick black frame glasses up the bridge of his nose with his other hand. "I am sorry you have met...Arschlöcher. Bitte, I have no...I do not expect... sex ," he says, almost sheepishly. His cheeks are still stained pink. "I have a, ähm, girlfriend. Meine Freundin." He says this with a smile, but this gives her pause. "A girlfriend? And she has no problem with you hosting a girl in your house?" Katniss asks, eyeing his living room, but she sees no affectations that hint at a female occupant. "Does she live here too?" If she had a boyfriend— still— she's pretty sure she would flip out if he let a strange foreign girl live in his house, alone, for a week. But maybe Germans are different. Peeta shakes his head, laughing slightly. "Nein, no, we do not live together. We are...it has only been some months. Three months. She is abroad in Südamer—ah, South America . It's been her idea. Me having other travelers here, in München." "Oh." Katniss exhales, her main fears alleviated for the time being. "Well. Thank you for allowing me to stay here for the week. Um, danke schön, Peeta," she says a little awkwardly. Her German is limited and stilted, quickly absorbed from a small English-to-German translation guide on her train ride from Venice. He laughs again, his cheeks dimpling, and she's not sure if he's laughing at her poor attempt at his language or what. "Bitte schön, Miss Everdeen. You are much welcome. You speak Deutsch?" She grimaces as she shrugs her backpack off, and he eagerly takes it from her. "Um, very, very little." He grins at her. She thinks she can see the freckles on his nose from where she's standing. She didn't expect German men to look so...so... picturesque is the only word she can think of. "That is no problem. I will speak Englisch to make you feel more at home. Aber—ah, well, as you can see...my Englisch is not very good," he bemoans contritely, his cheeks reddening once again. For the first time since meeting him, Katniss smiles. Genuinely. "Your English sounds perfect, Peeta. Call me Katniss. Bitte ." His grin is brilliant. "Sehr gerne. Okay. Katniss ." For some reason, the way his mouth and tongue form her name makes her feel more at home than she's felt since leaving America. She thinks she might be blushing, and she ducks her head, nervously stroking her messy braid. She's suddenly very aware that she hasn't showered in three days. "I will show you my house," he continues, hitching her backpack onto his arm. He gestures for her to follow him. "You can see your room. I hope the, ah...the housing will be to your pleasure." Pleasure. She makes a face as she trails behind him through his house. On the wall in the hallway, she glimpses photos of him and people she presumes to be family and friends. And one pretty little blonde he's cozied up to, who must be his—what did he call her?— Freundin . She shakes her head to dislodge the pointless thought. This is going to be an interesting week. Katniss stares at the itinerary Peeta has prepared for her, overwhelmed. He's taken the initiative to detail places she should visit and restaurants she should try. The entire week is packed. Her previous hosts just left her to her own devices for the most part, especially once it was clear she wasn't going to sleep with them. She isn't sure if she's annoyed or grateful he's gone out of his way to accommodate her. He's just so... nice . She doesn't know how to handle it. It's her second day in Munich. After Peeta showed her around his house yesterday, he suggested she take it easy for the rest of the evening. She showered, and he made her a meal out of wonderful, traditional Austrian food: Bratwurst and Schnitzel and Käsespätzle and Reiberdatschi and the most amazing Apfelstrudel she's ever eaten, something that especially pleased him since it came from the bakery he owns, which he said he inherited from his parents. She didn't realize how hungry she was until she saw the spread before her; afterward, she thought she was going to explode. They talked for a bit while they ate, acquainting themselves with each other like it was the first day of school, and then she pretty much passed out into a food coma. Upon waking up, that was when she found on his dining table the itinerary and a note from him informing her he would be at his bakery for most of the day. His note stresses that these are only his suggestions, but he recommends she stop by his bakery first for a hearty breakfast of "Laugencroissant and Krapfen—my favorite—for free! :)". She stares at that smiley-face flourish, neatly scribbled in his elegant handwriting. Oddly enough, she can picture his pleasant smile as she stares at it; she can't help but smile, too. With a sigh, she stretches and heads back into the guestroom he set her up in to change. As much as she normally despises handouts, she's never been one to pass up free food. Throwing on a pair of skinny jeans and a green sweater, she combs her fingers through her thick, black hair; when her fingers catch on knots, she winces and tugs a few times until she's worked them all out. Then she plaits it in an intricate braid, and once she's satisfied with her work, she slips on her hiking boots and throws on a light, hooded jacket. Before she leaves his house, she stuffs his itinerary into her small messenger bag, and then she locks his door on her way out with a spare key he gave her. Following the little stone path to the sidewalk, she stops to look up the address of his bakery on her phone. She brings up the directions on her map, and once she's oriented, she begins walking in the direction it tells her to head. It's a 20-minute walk, and the route takes her through a residential neighborhood to a section of the borough lined with shops and markets. In the middle she spots his bakery: Mellark's Bäckerei und Konditorei. She smiles in relief and crosses the street toward it, awkwardly jumping out of the way of cars and pedestrians who barely give her notice. She darts inside, the bell alerting her presence, and she's surprised by the number of customers. She almost wonders if she should leave, but before she can back out the door, Peeta's voice rings out. "Hallo!" He waves at her and gestures for her to come up to the counter. Shyly, she ducks through the crowd and shuffles off to the side, where Peeta meets her, grinning. "Guten Morgen, Katniss. Schön, dass du gekommen bist. How are you?" "Um, Guten Morgen . Thanks. I mean, danke . I'm good," she ventures tentatively, her gaze sweeping around the bakery. "You seem busy. Should I come back...?" He shakes his head, jerking his thumb over his shoulder. "It is okay. My, ähm, personal are good," he says, and Katniss glances over at the blonde pasty-faced girl at the register and the black man sifting through the display case to select pastries for the customers. Peeta grabs an empty chair and drags it around to the front of the counter next to her. "Sit down!" he instructs. "I will bring you something to eat." Reluctantly, she perches on the tall chair, and once Peeta disappears into the back, she takes the opportunity to study the bakery. It's quaint, and though it's