Written for Prompts in Panem Day 2 (Sin prompt: Greed). Part I of II. When Katniss opens her eyes, she knows immediately that she must have fallen asleep while crying: her eyes are heavy and swollen, grit making it hard to see. But it doesn't shroud the sight of Haymitch's scowl when she rolls over in her bed. Despite her grogginess, she frowns reflexively. "Morning, sweetheart. Have a good nap?" The previous events come flooding back to her then, and she curls up farther under the sheets, burrowing her face into her pillow. It's the stiff, anesthetic-scented sheets of the District 13 hospital. They must have moved her in here after her breakdown over Peeta during her latest propo video. No amount of consolation from Haymitch could subdue her hysterical sobbing once she realized the torture he must be enduring in the Capitol for her sake, and they eventually injected her with some sedative to knock her out. Her muscles already ache from disuse; she wonders how long they kept her out for. She decides to ask. "How long was I asleep?" Her voice is gravelly and weak. "Three days." She's surprised by this, and she tries to blink the sleep from her eyes. "Why...so long?" Haymitch leans back in his chair, scratching at the graying scruff on his chin. "Dunno. Guess they wanted to keep you out of commission so you'd be as little of a distraction as possible." "Distraction from what?" she asks, though she's not sure she cares. If Coin and the others wanted her out of the way, she was fine with that; she didn't have the energy to play the Mockingjay and pretend things were fine. They weren't fine. At that, Haymitch finally smiles wryly, but there's a latent bitterness behind his eyes. "Rescue mission to the Capitol. They went to retrieve Peeta, specifically for you. I think they were tired of your whinin'. I know I was," he says drily, but she ignores the jab, struggling to sit up in bed. "Rescue—Peeta?" she gasps, her arms trembling slightly as she pushes her weight off the mattress. Her heart starts to race, and it throbs almost painfully against her sternum. "Why didn't—why didn't they let me go? I could have helped!" He snorts. "What would you have done? Cried on Snow's pretty white blazer?" He waves a hand dismissively. "Coin never would have agreed to let you go. Hell, she wouldn't let any of us go," he grouses. Katniss frowns. "What do you mean? Who else?" "Me. Gale. Finnick. They were the first to volunteer, but she refused. Didn't want to risk her star assets or some such bullshit. It was Boggs' idea, but she told him to stay behind, too. I don't even know the soldiers she sent on the mission. A bunch of ass-kissing bootlickers, I'm sure." Katniss is barely listening anymore. Blood rushes in her ears. For the first time in weeks, she feels...hope? She tries to swallow the foreign feeling, her stomach twisting with nerves. She finally looks at Haymitch again. "D'you...do you think they'll succeed?" She's afraid to even think it, to fantasize about the idea that, in a matter of days or hours even, she could have Peeta back… But Haymitch sighs heavily. "Guess we'll find out, sweetheart." She doesn't leave her bed after that point while she waits for news on the rescue; Finnick joins her, and they spend hours distracting themselves with rope, tying knots and unraveling them. He's worried about Annie, too. Gale sits with them for a little bit, simmering with resentment that Coin refused him on the rescue team, but he knows he can offer them little in the way of comfort so he eventually slinks away. It's not his loved ones, after all. Katniss and Finnick barely speak, even to each other, and she isn't sure how much time passes before Haymitch finally bursts through the door. The two of them immediately turn to him, the question scrawled on their faces. The older man looks troubled, and her stomach sinks. "Did they—?" She can't finish the question, unsure of what to ask first. But Haymitch nods. "Plutarch informed me they were back. They got Peeta." Katniss can barely breathe with the way her heart lodges itself in her throat. He's safe; Peeta is safe, and he's here in District 13. With her. A maniacal grin splits her face in two, but it falls immediately when Finnick asks the next question. "And Annie?" Haymitch's face is grim, and he shakes his head. "They said they only got Peeta. Something went wrong on the mission, and they had to abort," he explains quietly. Katniss thinks she actually sees Finnick's heart break. For a moment, she forgets her own happiness and relief. "Oh, Finnick—" But he shakes his head, forcing a small smile in place. It doesn't match his eyes. "Don't worry about me, Katniss. Go to him." With one last look at him, she crawls off the bed and follows Haymitch out the door, wobbling slightly, but he grips her arm to help her. She's grateful he's there to guide her because she's not sure she'd make it on her own; her knees feel weak already, her head light from the rush of excitement and anxiety. What kind of state will she find him in? Is he hurt? Sick? Near death? Will he be happy to see her? Will he be angry that she was rescued and he wasn't? What if he refuses to speak to her? She pushes the thought away immediately. Peeta wouldn't reject her, no matter what. He'll be so relieved to see her. Her cheeks start to hurt from the smile she can't fight as she imagines running into his arm. Will he greet her with a kiss? Will it be like the last one on the beach? She's already tingling with anticipation when Haymitch steers her into another hospital room a few hallways down from her own. A few nurses and doctors surround the bed, blocking Peeta from her view, and she feels a flash of irritation that they're standing in her way. But the crowd parts at her arrival, silence falling among the hospital staff, and Katniss stops breathing. It's Peeta, all pale skin and blonde curls. He's beautiful, even more beautiful than she remembers; he looks healthier somehow, healthier than in his last disheveled appearance with Caesar, but she thinks she must just be that excited to see him. Of course, he would look more perfect to her than usual; it's been weeks, months almost. His blue eyes are foggy, and he sits on the edge of the bed, dazed as he takes in his surroundings. She stands frozen in the doorway, but when he finally turns his gaze on her, she practically buckles. "Peeta," she breathes out; he blinks, once, twice, an opaque blankness filming his eyes until it gives way to recognition. "Katniss," he whispers, and she releases a sob before lunging across the room, throwing herself into his arms. He catches her, unsteadily, but he folds her into his embrace, and her lips are on his face, finding purchase on any exposed skin she can. She can hear the relieved, amused murmurings of the hospital staff around them, but she can't be bothered with their presence. Peeta murmurs her name against her cheeks, her forehead, her lips, as if he's reciting a prayer, and soon she's crying and hiccuping with delirium. She can feel and taste his own salty tears, but then he's laughing and squeezing her. Their limbs are so tangled together, the doctors have to practically extricate her from his lap; she resists at first, her jagged fingernails nicking their hands and necks as she lashes out, but they eventually assure her they just need to run some more tests on Peeta. It isn't until he soothingly kisses her forehead, as if sealing his return to her, that she releases him. Still, she refuses to leave the room. "Get me a chair. I'm not going anywhere," she snarls. The nurses share conspiratorial glances with each other, but one pushes a chair up next to Peeta's bed, where Katniss proceeds to curl up, her eyes glued to the prostrate form of the boy before her while the doctors check his eyes, his blood pressure, the rest of his body. He is surprisingly free of any marks or wounds or any physical evidence of his imprisonment in the Capitol. Katniss is amazed but grateful he was spared. She can only hope the same for Annie and Johanna, but she doesn't dwell long on the thought. Peeta keeps his eyes trained on her as the doctors examine him, an awed smile gracing his lips; she doesn't look away, even when Haymitch clears his throat and offers some mumbled greeting and apology to Peeta. Peeta is confused by the other man's words. "Sorry for what?" Katniss shoots Haymitch a dirty look. Sorry for abandoning you; for lying to you and reneging on our deal to protect the girl —that's what he should say, but Haymitch clamps up. "We'll talk later, kid. Just...take it easy for now," he says, a peculiar tone to his command, but then he slips away. Eventually, the doctors and nurses do, too, and Katniss is allowed to climb into bed with him—though, she's not so much allowed as she just doesn't bother asking for permission. Peeta welcomes her readily, but they don't speak for a while. She can tell he's exhausted and weak. Finally, she can't hold her tongue anymore. "Peeta," she whispers quietly above the humming of the machines he's hooked up to. She hesitates but blurts out the rest of her query haltingly, "What did they do to you...in the Capitol?" Peeta's hand tightens around her arm, and she hears him take a deep breath before exhaling loudly. He waits a moment to answer, and even before he speaks, she can feel his palpable confusion. "I can't...remember." It soon becomes clear that Peeta can't recall any of his time in the Capitol after he was captured. The doctors call it retrograde amnesia. "It's likely the trauma from his time in imprisonment caused some memory loss; his brain could be blocking out his experiences in the Capitol," her mother explains to her quietly one night in their compartment when Katniss is forced away from Peeta's side so he can rest, or so the doctors tell her. Mrs. Everdeen is quiet for a moment before adding, "It's probably a good thing he can't remember, if it was that bad." Katniss shudders in her bed at the thought. She decides not to push Peeta on it. But she can't help thinking, and wondering. During her visits, when she lies beside him as he sleeps, she can't resist looking him over, gingerly running her hands over the planes of his body under his clothes, looking for any sign of his imprisonment. All she finds is smooth skin and light downy hair and the metallic of his prosthetic leg; even all his baking scars are gone, polished away by the Capitol prior to the last games. He's perfect, absolutely perfect. She doesn't understand it, but she's grateful, grateful he didn't have to suffer more than he already has. She holds him tighter while he sleeps, listening to his even breaths, echoed by the staccato rhythm of his heart in her ear beating out a comforting mantra: He's safe , he's safe , he's safe . Coin only waits two days before visiting Katniss and Peeta in the hospital. She's upheld her end of the bargain in retrieving Peeta; now she expects Katniss to do the same. As much as she dislikes the woman, Katniss knows she owes her. And she doesn't like owing people. The sooner she can wipe out the red from her ledger, the better. She's almost happy to continue making the propos at this point. She feels revitalized with Peeta's return. "What do