Written for Prompts in Panem Day 3 (Sin prompt: gluttony). a/n: Wow, I just realized the original story I uploaded had completely cut off the first paragraph. I've reuploaded it with the missing paragraph (which isn't much at all, but it should make a little more sense now). Sorry about that! Katniss couldn't believe she let Johanna talk her into this. This was, without a doubt, the worst decision of her life. But she needed the money. She'd been fired from her last job as a server, dismissed on the spot when she'd dumped a beer on a patron's head for grabbing her ass. The manager Thread hadn't cared that she'd been molested by a customer; he'd sent her packing before she could even finish her shift. It was bullshit. And rent was due at the end of the week, and she needed to make some money, fast. Which was how she ended up at Capitol Sushi, the naked sushi bar Johanna worked at. She assured her she made bank every night because the men who came were horny, entitled, middle-age pigs willing to throw money at nude women for a cheap thrill and blue balls, apparently. Katniss didn't know why these men didn't just go to strip clubs or brothels fronting as "massage parlours," but based on the things Jo told her about some of the girls she worked with, Katniss guessed the sushi bar wasn't that different from those kinds of seedy establishments, after all. As she went through training to accustom herself to lying still for hours with cold, wet food leeched to her skin, every feminist sensibility in her screamed at her stupidity. But she had her pride to consider now, her ego; she'd be damned if she was going to ask anyone to help her with her bills, not even her mother or Prim. It's just till I find another well-paying job, she told herself as she got ready for her first night. The ritual involved an actual prep team who helped bathe and groom her for the evening. Capitol Sushi was an exclusive club; only the elite were allowed in, and very wealthy businessmen often paid the owner, Effie Trinket, to cater "private parties." Which was what Katniss was heading to that night; that was the only reason Effie had hired her so quickly—she needed more human "platters" than she currently had. The client for the evening, Coriolanus Snow, was a very important, extremely rich client. What he wanted, he got. "Now, girls, please remember to be on your best behavior! It's a big, big, big night!" Effie chirped enthusiastically with a clap of her hands as they all slipped on their silk black kimonos. Katniss was actively fighting back the bile rising in her throat. Unfortunately, there had been nothing in her training about how to control her puking urges, so she'd purposefully forgone dinner to avoid any mess. This was still the worst decision of her life. "Buck up, Kitty," Johanna purred in her ear. 'Kitty' was her name for the night. Despite the sexual overtones, Katniss was okay with the pseudonym; she'd much rather no one knew who she really was. "Easy for you to say," Katniss groused as they were herded into a limo to be delivered to the party, self-consciously stroking the elaborate braid her stylists had pinned her hair in. "You'd walk around naked all day if you could." Her friend had zero qualms with nudity, which was probably why this job was so ideal for her. At least, Katniss wouldn't be completely nude. The sushi and garnishes were going to be arranged strategically to shield her most private parts from the sushi grazers. Still, she'd been waxed and plucked of every hair but that on her head. It was a new sensation, definitely. Luckily, they arrived before the clientele and were stationed on large granite-top tables; Katniss was grateful for the momentary reprieve while she was artfully decorated and discreetly shielded by the food prep team as they covered her nipples with gari and draped a modest silk scarf over her crotch before adorning her torso, arms and legs in sushi rolls. She took a moment to glance at the other women splayed out on the tables around the room; they were all gorgeous, with erotic-sounding names: Glimmer, Clove, Cashmere, Enobaria. Johanna went by Liana when on the job. Katniss was glad she wasn't the only one who sounded like a stripper, though she wasn't allowed to talk to the customers—not that she would want to—so she wasn't sure why anyone would want or need to know her name. After a few more minutes, Effie gave the signal that the party was about to start; Katniss heard more than saw the arrival of whom she guessed to be Coriolanus Snow. He and Effie chatted for a bit about the protocol for the night, and soon the events got underway. It wasn't long before the room was full of Snow's men. Katniss struggled to keep her breathing even as her nerves kicked in; she trained her eyes on the ceiling above her, tracing the grooves in the tiles, but she snuck glances at the men who filtered into the room. They were all decked out in suits and ties. The stock broker type, she guessed; they looked like the type, especially with the matching smug smirks that graced most of their punchable faces. She fought another urge to vomit. Eventually, the men began to wander from table to table, sampling rolls from each naked woman's body. Katniss had many years of experience in the food industry; she was used to the obnoxious banter and occasional snide, sexual remarks from male customers. But being so exposed to them now made the leers and derogatory observations they made to their buddies as they popped rolls in their mouths and grabbed drinks from passing servers much harder to stomach this time. Still, she was glad they weren't trying to talk to her here. This was a time when her naturally bitchy face was completely acceptable; she didn't have to force a fake smile or sweet talk for tips. She was finally shining without even having to try. "Peeta, lighten the fuck up, man." Katniss' ears perked up as someone's conversation neared her. In her peripheral she could see two men stop by her table; blonde curls fell in barely contained waves across one's forehead, and the other, slightly taller man had slicked his bronze hair back in the current men's style. Hitler Youth. Katniss wrinkled her nose instinctively before she quickly set her expression back into neutral. The blonde—Peeta, she gathered—sighed. "I'm fine, Finn, just—this is a little weird, isn't it?" he asked, his voice dropping as if he were afraid of anyone overhearing his complaint. His companion snorted. "You act like you've never seen naked chicks before, and I know you fucked that Madge girl, at least. Haven't you ever been to a strip club?" Peeta exhaled through his teeth. "Yeah, well, once, when I was 22. Not my scene, dude." Finnick made a sound of disgust. "What are you, gay?" "Would it be a problem if I were?" he volleyed back, his tone challenging, and Katniss saw Finnick's hands shoot up in defense. "Nah, man, but just know that I don't swing that way." She could feel the exasperation rolling off the blonde. "I'm not—" But Finnick was distracted by a passing server balancing a tray of martinis in her hands, her long brown hair whipping behind her back as her hips snapped from side to side. "Whoa, excuse me, I think I see my future wife." Peeta was left stranded as his friend chased after the server, and he looked around helplessly. Katniss found her eyes darting to him before focusing back on the ceiling. He stood there awkwardly for a moment, as if debating his options, and she began to grow uncomfortable. Finally, he seemed to come to his senses, and he sighed, grabbing a napkin from the table she was laid out on. She felt his eyes on her as he studied the sushi offerings, but she didn't look his way again. "Ah, sorry, I'm just gonna…grab this one—here," he said apologetically, quickly snatching a roll from her rib cage. He popped it in his mouth and chewed thoroughly, but he lingered. She sensed a conversation coming, dread filling her stomach. "So, uh, how are you today?" he asked. Her cheek twitched, but she didn't respond. He couldn't be serious, could he? He continued, unfazed by her silence. "I'm new here. Well, with the company. I just started this week. Finnick told me there were certain perks to this job, but—oh, I mean, not that I consider this—" he waved around the room, "—a perk or something, that sounds sleazy. Sorry. I had no idea this was what he meant. I was just hoping for some stellar health insurance with dental and vision included." Peeta laughed weakly, and by that point Katniss was sure her mouth was actively twisted into a scowl. An uncomfortable moment followed when Peeta nervously grabbed another roll, this time from the valley between her breasts. "Sorry, I'm not—I'm not trying to focus on this area on purpose, I swear," he apologized, gesturing to her breasts. "I just like tuna rolls the best, and they're all—well, they all seem to be concentrated up here." Was he really talking at her about her tits? She was suddenly grateful for her olive complexion, the dark skin tone concealing the embarrassed flush that she could feel igniting her entire body. "Maybe I should—I'll try some of these down here," he said, almost to himself, as he moved toward her legs. "What are these?" he mused out loud, selecting a roll. "Looks like eel." He put it in his mouth, chewed, and swallowed. Then he nodded to himself. "Yeah, definitely eel. It's not bad. I like salmon, too, but like I said, tuna's my favorite. What do you like?" Katniss blinked rapidly at the ceiling, dropping her gaze to him before forcing her stare back up. This guy was a tool. He chuckled then. "Ah, sorry. I guess you can't really talk much at these things, huh?" He wrinkled his nose, grabbing a roll from her stomach and dragging it through a soy sauce dish near her foot. "It's really kind of gross, isn't it? I mean, they're literally using women as props at these parties. You're just supposed to be seen and not heard. How disgusting is that?" His eyes widened suddenly as he looked down at her. "Oh, not that—I don't mean to insult you , of course. This is your job. I'm sure you have your reasons for working here—not that you need a reason, of course. You can do whatever you like, I mean. I just—" Thankfully, he shoved the roll into his mouth, seeming to realize he was rambling. She was just surprised he could fit anymore food in there with his foot in the way. She felt an indignant anger clenching her stomach now. She knew how demeaning this all was. She didn't need a stuck-up rich white boy to tell her that, not when he was literally eating off of her. "Sorry," he tried again after a moment. "Like I was telling Finnick, this really isn't my scene. I don't really fit in with these guys, but…well, I'm good with money, and Snow is the best in the business. I make a lot of money here." She wanted to glare at him, but he seemed to recognize his mistake immediately. "I'm not trying to brag or rub it in, I swear! Fuck, I bet I sound really conceited, huh? That was such a humblebrag." He sighed. "Let me start over. My name's Peeta. What's your name?" This time, she gawked at the ceiling. When she noticed he was holding his hand out for a handshake, she finally looked at