Written for Prompts in Panem Day 5 (sin: lust). There is underage sex in this story, and slight dubious consent, maybe, if you squint. Thanks to misshoneywell who requested an older Katniss story from me that inspired this piece. Katniss isn't familiar with the boy who greets her on her front step when she opens the door of her house in Victor's Village. He has the same blonde hair as the previous kid who brought her bread, same strikingly blue eyes, but his cheeks are ruddier, his build broader. His face is kinder, sickeningly so. He looks 16, 17 at most. "Who are you?" she asks bluntly, her figure in the doorway an imposing threat despite her petite frame. The kid pales at her tone, shifting nervously. "Um, Peeta. I—Rye's my brother. I work at the bakery. I'm—I'll be delivering your bread from now on," he mumbles, offering the basket of fresh loaves and rolls to her. With a scowl, she snatches it from him and thrusts the empty basket from the previous delivery into his arms. Then she slaps a few coins into his hand; he physically jumps, as if burned by the contact. When she goes to slam the door shut, he fumbles for his words. "Um, have—have a good day, Miss Everdeen," he gasps out. She freezes and cracks the door a fraction to glare at him. "Your brother didn't bother with meaningless pleasantries and frivolous small-talk when he made his deliveries," she snaps. "Let's keep it that way." The slamming of the door echoes through her empty house. Katniss doesn't need insincere niceties and fake friends in her life; she had her fair share of that after she'd won her games seven years ago at the age of 16. Everyone wanted a piece of one of the only two surviving District 12 victors; she scared them off eventually, though. Much like Haymitch Abernathy had, except all she needed was a scowl, not a stench cloud of booze. Now she has no friends. No family, either. President Snow made sure of that, when he killed them all not long after her return from the Capitol. She made a fool of him and his games, shaming the Capitol citizens for their heartlessness and bloodthirst by performing a funeral ritual for another fallen tribute, her ally, with flowers and song. He didn't appreciate that, her bending the rules of the game to play on her own terms. So she paid the price with her mother's and sister's blood. Katniss would have killed herself by now if she didn't feel obligated to mentor every year. Haymitch is no use as a perpetual drunk. Not that her efforts amounted to much either. Since she became a mentor, they've lost exactly 12 other tributes, all needlessly, all brutally. There's no point to any of it anymore, but for some reason, Katniss can't bring herself to give up, to give herself over to the drink—or, preferably, death. So she keeps her routine: trek to the woods before the sun rises and shoot down her dinner for the day, accept her daily bread delivery late in the morning, do her trading and bartering in the Hob in the afternoon, then sit on the couch staring listlessly at the fire until she eventually falls asleep. Wake up, repeat. Survive another day. Like clockwork, Peeta arrives with her bread every day after that. She must have terrified him because, as she insisted, he doesn't say a word to her; he can't even look her in the eye as he passes the bread to her and accepts her money. Good, she thinks, shutting the door quietly. But, after a while, she starts to feel bad for him. Pity worms its way up from the hollowed-out grave of her heart. It's a terrible feeling; she hates pity or charity of any kind. Still, she finds her mouth opening of its own accord one morning as she takes the basket from his hands. "Thanks," she mutters, and he looks at her in surprise. A boyish grin breaks the glum of his face, lighting up his eyes. "Um, you're-you're welcome," he stutters, nearly dropping the coins she deposits in his hands. Without another word, she shuts the door. Peeta greets her with more enthusiasm the next day, offering a shy hello and a cheerful goodbye. Soon, he begins making passing comments on the weather or some news in town. She neither encourages or dissuades his attempts at conversation, remaining silent other than to bid him farewell after their exchange is complete each time. She eventually realizes she doesn't mind the mindless chatter as she once had. It's kind of nice to hear the voice of another human being to break up the monotony of her day, speaking to her with familiarity and kindness. She forgot what that was like, after her sister was killed. What would it be like to hear another's voice echoing through her house as her sister's once had? Another human being's warmth lessening the oppressive chill that permeates every room? As she listens to Peeta describe the new cheese buns he's brought her today, the words leave her mouth before she can stop them. "Would you like to come in?" His mouth parts wordlessly as he stares at her wide-eyed, and she feels compelled to elaborate, though her embarrassment makes her angry. "You can join me for lunch," she adds, opening the door wider and stepping back, turning on her heel to stalk into the kitchen. "Okay," she hears him breathe behind her, the door quietly shutting behind him. He sits at the table in her kitchen while she scoops them each a bowl of rabbit stew from the pot simmering on the stove; he is obviously absorbing the opulence of her house while trying to project indifference. They eat quietly at first, Peeta too nervous to meet her eyes as he dips his spoon into his bowl, and she's irritated at his sudden muteness. Her house sounds as silent as ever. But the first bite of stew loosens his tongue immediately, and he moans his pleasure, scooping more stew into his mouth greedily. "Wow," he finally says. "This is amazing. I've never..." He trails off, his unease evident, and she finishes for him, rather bluntly, "Never had rabbit because you couldn't afford it?" He nods. "We raise pigs at the bakery, so we get pork once in awhile, and...we get meat from the butcher sometimes, but...this is..." "Fresh," she supplies for him, knowing just how good a recent kill tastes, straight from the wild. He nods again, a shy smile gracing his lips, but then his face falls as he sits back in his chair. "I shouldn't...it's not right to eat your food without—I should pay you for it somehow," he says contritely, and his consideration infuriates her. "I have more food and money than I need, more than I know what to do with. Don't insult me by refusing my food," she huffs, and he clamps his mouth shut, red coloring his cheeks. She sighs. "It's fine. I asked you to have lunch with me. Okay?" When he finally nods, she divides two of the cheese rolls among them, and they continue to eat, Peeta offering conversation in between tense, pregnant pauses. He encourages her to dip the roll in the stew after he tries it himself, and it tastes exquisite on her tongue. After lunch, he heads for the door and bids her goodbye but not before she pays him for the bread. She can tell he wants to refuse on principle, but he knows he can't return to his home empty-handed. They develop a new routine where he joins her for lunch every delivery day. She still doesn't speak much, but he seems content to fill the silences himself. She doesn't even mind when he begins telling her stories about his life, his school work and his friends, his fights with his brothers and his success on the wrestling team; he even reveals his passion for drawing, though he admits so bashfully. "Are you any good?" she asks drily, quirking an eyebrow, and he smiles. "I think so, yeah. I can show you sometime," he offers, and she just shrugs. The next day he brings some charcoal and pencil illustrations he's sketched on worn paper. They're incredible, she has to admit, amazed by the realism of his drawings; he's captured the dancing dandelions of the meadow perfectly, the hard, lined face of Old Cray, the sad laughing smile of the baker—his father. Katniss is confused when she comes across sketches of herself. There's one of her ladling soup into a bowl, of her stoking the embers in her fireplace, of her smiling, just barely, as they eat at the table. When she looks up at him, he can't meet her gaze, dipping his head forward so his hair falls across his forehead to shield his eyes. She's not stupid. At 23, she's more adept at reading how others feel about her than she was as a teenager. As a victor, she's seen enough lustful leers directed her way, had enough men moon over her to prepare her for this. Peeta likes her. That's obvious, though she supposes she was oblivious to that fact until just now. He wants her, but there seems to be something more to his lust, based on the way he draws her—with a certain sort of reverence she's not used to. Certainly doesn't deserve. Katniss stares at him, observing him, taking him in quietly. He's an attractive kid. His blonde hair shines in the sunlight filtering through the windows of her house, falling in waves and unruly curls around his head and ears; she resists the urge to run her hand through it, to push it off his forehead. His smile is sweet, boyish, but there's a playfulness to his grins that hint at a budding maturity, something more adult that lurks in the depths of his mind. His body is still growing; he doesn't look like he's reached his full height yet, though he still stands half a foot taller than her. His frame dwarfs her own, his shoulders and chest broad and sturdy, likely a result of hauling bags of flour his whole life. She can't help but wonder if his cock is as big as the rest of him. She would be ashamed of her thoughts if she had any shame left; the Capitol robbed her of it years ago. She's attracted to him, she realizes. There's been a lust building quietly, earnestly, a yearning so subtle she's been able to ignore it over the weeks as it took root; she's ignored it until now, when it's practically swallowing her whole as she watches him, imagining all the things she wants to do to him. It's not a new feeling for her, but she hasn't felt it since Gale. Her friend, Gale, who comforted her in the aftermath of her games and then her family's murders, first with his words and his presence, and then gradually with his mouth and his body. And she allowed it, allowed herself to get lost in it, consumed by it, until he ruined it all with his declarations of love. She hasn't spoken to him since, after she broke his heart. She has no room for love in her life. But lust, lust she could make a little room for. Licking her lips, Katniss sets his drawings down. "You're something special, aren't you?" she says softly, and he finally looks up at her. A blush consumes his face, and he rubs the back of his neck. "Not really," he mutters with an uncomfortable shrug, but she shakes her head. "You are," she insists, locking eyes with him. And he is special. There's just something so pure about him. She wants that, she wants to steal a piece of that from him and wrap herself in it. It might be