Author's note: This was written for Day 7 of Prompts in Panem on tumblr. This is part one of two. I hope to have the second part up soon. My tumblr name is atetheredmind, so come play! It happened a few weeks after Prim's last reaping. Her name had not been chosen from the slips of thousands, and as she hugged her little sister in the square, after the two unlucky tributes had been swept inside the Justice Hall and the crowd had dispersed, Katniss could finally breathe; she could finally breathe for the first time in 18 years. Her sister was safe. They could be happy now. What else was there to worry about? As it turned out, there was plenty. At 22, Katniss hadn't done a lot of the things expected of her. She refused a job in the mines, and her particular skills set wasn't conducive to any sort of work in town—not that the Merchants, even if they hadn't delegated all their jobs to family members, would ever consider her for a position within their shops. Instead, she did what she did best: She bucked the Capitol's rules. She still hunted, trading the game she caught around town. In addition, she made contraband prophylactics from animal intestines and sold them in the Hob. The idea had come to her when she was hunting in the woods alone one day and had spotted two squirrels rutting furiously in a tree. Birth control wasn't entirely legal in the districts—the Capitol needed its sacrificial lambs for the games, after all—but healers like her mother knew of herbs to prevent conception—or to terminate pregnancy. At some point, condoms had been sold in the Hob; a man from the Seam, Micah, had a connection in the Capitol and used to sneak shipments of condoms on the trains until someone higher up in the Capitol got wind of it, effectively putting a stop to the shipments. They never saw Micah again after that. Gale had been particularly amused by her new craft and had told her that if he didn't have to work in the mines, he would have gladly helped her with fashioning the animal-skin condoms. But he needed the pay from the mines, the steady source of income, because he still had his siblings to care for. Gale was another problem unto himself. After Katniss' last reaping, he had asked her to marry him. She had been utterly dumbfounded, to say the least—though, in retrospect, she now understood the cryptic things he'd said to her over the years, the lingering looks, the more-than-friendly touches. Flustered, she had told him what she had always told herself: She didn't want to get married, and she didn't want to have kids. She had Prim to worry about, and she couldn't think about anything else. He had been crushed, and a little angry, but he was persistent; he insisted they didn't have to get married until Prim was out of the reaping. He insisted he could wait. She didn't have the heart to tell him he might be waiting forever. Regardless, the two of them had lapsed into a strange limbo—they were something more than friends, but she didn't know how to define it. She never referred to him as her boyfriend, but she knew he was hers, and she was his; what else mattered? Before him, she had never given much (any) thought to sex. It was a purely biological impulse, she thought, needed for the purpose of recreating—and she had no intentions of ever doing that. But when her relationship with Gale turned physical, tentative kisses blossoming into heavy touching, she knew; finally, she understood the pull of sex. When he bent her over at the slag heap or took her up against a tree in the woods, she thought, at least they could have this; she could always give him this. And true to his word, Gale didn't pressure her about marriage during those years. He seemed content with just exploring their physical relationship, and a large part of Katniss hoped it could always stay like that. But the day after Prim's last reaping, he began dropping hints about a larger commitment. She feigned ignorance, which had always worked so well for her in the past, but Gale's patience ran out. When he asked her again, point-blank, if she wanted to marry him, she didn't know what to tell him. "I need more time, Gale," she'd told him weakly, not sure if all the time in the world could ever be enough to change her mind. But she couldn't bear to disappoint him, not after everything, and he was stubborn; he was convinced he could wait her out. And she was sure she would never relent. Coins in hand, Katniss crossed through town, heading for the bakery. It was a bittersweet day for her; Prim, her little sister, who wasn't so little anymore, was newly engaged to a boy from town. The news had been a little scandalous, as she was from the Seam, but most people seemed to forget that fact; seeing her blonde hair and blue eyes, they were willing to overlook her birth class and welcome her into theirs. Prim was easy to like. Katniss was happy for her sister; she really was. But she was also heartbroken. She had devoted 18 years of her life to helping raise her, protecting her; now that she was ready to start a family of her own with a man who would be responsible for looking after her, Katniss didn't know what to do with herself anymore. She had cried when Prim had announced the engagement, ruining the occasion for her sweet sister. And, now, ashamed of her dramatics, Katniss had decided to buy Prim a cake, something she never could have done before. To congratulate her, and to apologize. Circling to the back of the bakery, she knocked curtly on the door and waited. She could hear a commotion inside and, finally, the back door opened. Barm, the eldest Mellark son, answered, a wide grin plastered on his face. When he saw her, his eyes lit up in recognition. "Oh, hey, Katniss. Here for the cake?" he asked pleasantly, and she nodded. She had commissioned the cake a couple days ago. Barm, who had taken over the bakery from his father, had helped her with the details. Joyous laughter echoed from somewhere in the bakery behind him, and he glanced behind him. "Sorry, things are a little hectic right now," he explained apologetically, but his face still glowed with happiness. "I almost forgot you were coming by today. Hold tight, and I'll get the cake for you." He disappeared inside, leaving the door open, and she stared after him curiously. It was only then that she realized he wasn't wearing his usual apron. He looked like he was dressed for the reaping, actually, with a nice pair of slacks and a white dress shirt. Confused, she leaned through the doorway slightly, trying to peer around the corner, where snippets of indecipherable conversations drifted toward her. Just then, Barm emerged from another room, holding a box. She jerked back, a slight blush coloring her cheeks, but he hadn't noticed her snooping. "Here you go," he said, handing the box to her, and she dropped the coins in his open palm. "Are you closed? I'm sorry to have intruded..." she trailed off uneasily, but he waved her apology off. "Ah, it's fine. We didn't plan to be closed today, but, well, it's a momentous occasion," he said proudly, and at her clueless expression, he beamed. "Peeta, my baby brother, is finally getting married." The box holding the cake nearly slipped from her hands, and she was sure her heart had stopped beating in that moment. Peeta. Peeta Mellark was getting married. Peeta, the boy with the bread. He was getting married . Barm must have taken her stricken expression for surprise because he laughed, nodding his head as if he shared her thoughts. "I know. We didn't think it was ever going to happen. He never could stick with one girl for too long, and I was sure he was never going to settle down. But I guess he finally found the one. We're getting ready to head to the Justice Building right now, so it's lucky you stopped by when you did." Katniss was lost, somewhere in time, somewhere 11 years ago. No, not lost—she was still at the bakery, but out front, crawling through the mud for a couple loaves of bread, the icy sheets of rain beating her relentlessly, beating her the way his mother had beaten him for burning the bread. And she had never said thank you. Had never even spoken to him. Never even...never even...what? What did she not do that she could never do now? She didn't know. She didn't understand the pit that had ripped open in her stomach. She felt lightheaded all of a sudden, and she shook her head, trying to shake the dread squeezing at her heart. "You okay?" Barm asked, eyeing her strangely, and she snapped back to attention. "Yes—yes, I'm fine, I'm fine," she babbled, shifting the cake to one hand so she could wipe the sweat from her forehead. "It's just—hot out here." He nodded in understanding. "Well, thank you—thank you for the cake. And...and..." "Hey, Barm, you coming? We're about to head out," a voice called out behind him, a voice she knew well, and then he was there. Their eyes locked over Barm's shoulder, as they had done many times before, but this time neither gray nor blue flitted away. Peeta stared at her, his jaw going slack as something indecipherable skittered across his face, and she was frozen to her spot, her heart in her throat. But Barm was oblivious to the exchange, throwing a confirmation to his brother over his shoulder. His words snapped Katniss from her daze, and she blinked rapidly. "Congratulations," she squeaked, and she was gone before either could respond, walking as fast as she could without drawing attention to herself. But when she reached the Seam, she broke into a run, not sure where her feet were taking her. It wasn't until she stumbled through the berry bushes at the rocky ledge where she and Gale always met for their hunting trips that she even realized she was in the woods. She collapsed on the ledge, her heart still beating wildly. Only then did she remember the cake in her hands. What was wrong with her? She felt like she had lost something she never had. It was just guilt, she reasoned, that horrible feeling in her gut. Guilt that she still had never thanked him for the bread, for the beating he took to save her. She didn't know how to deal with the weight of a debt unpaid. This was silly. She was being absolutely stupid. Katniss stared at the box in her hand, opening it gingerly. The cake inside was small, covered in beautiful, hand-crafted primroses made of fondant. Or something like that. Barm had waxed poetic about how the cake was going to be prepared, but she hadn't understood most of the terms he had used. The icing was white, and inside the cake was yellow—at least, it should be; that's what Barm had promised. She admired the delicate flowers, wondering whose hands had crafted them. Barm had said his brother would decorate the cake, as he was much better at it than him, but he didn't specify which one, and she didn't ask. Somehow, looking at the primroses, she knew they had been done by Peeta's hand. She slammed the box closed, but she didn't leave yet. She sat huddled on that ledge for hours, lost in thought. When the sun was low in the sky, she knew what she had to do. Back at home, Prim wept when she saw the cake. They invited