Author's note: I know there are a few AU stories out there that follow the plot line of "What if Peeta went in to the games alone?" ("The Other Perspective" and "Reaping" are the first two I can think of; check them out). And the ones I've read are all good, but I typically hesitate on stories that remove Katniss as the main protagonist of "The Hunger Games" and the ultimate catalyst for the revolution. I enjoy having a female character serve as the protagonist, and I feel kind of guilty eliminating Katniss' role in the 74th Hunger Games. But I got a particular scene in my head for this AU, and I just couldn't shake it. So I went ahead and wrote it. I love the character of Katniss, but I do think Peeta is my favorite. Since we never really see his thoughts or his motivations, I think there's just a goldmine of things to explore with his character. I've always been interested in the reasoning behind a lot of his decisions and actions in the games, things we can only guess at through the the eyes of Katniss, who's a pretty unreliable narrator. I do hope to (and plan to) keep Katniss as an integral part of the plot and eventual revolution, but this will be a Peeta-heavy fic. I hope you enjoy reading this series as much as I've enjoyed writing it! I. And me fresh out of rope The summer sun beat down on her unbearably, and a bead of sweat meandered down her neck, trickling down her back to pool at her tailbone. The heat alone was bad enough, but being herded into the square with all the other kids, everyone trying to keep their limbs from touching each other more than necessary as they shuffled to their designated spots to await their fate, made the air even more stifling. Katniss Everdeen surveyed the crowd, eyes meeting mostly the crowns of heads as she was too short to peer over most of the teenagers in her age group. The kids' faces to her left and right mirrored the dread and fear she was sure were etched in the lines of her own face. Like lambs to a slaughter , she thought as they all filed to the pit before the stage. She eyed the two bowls that adorned the stage, her gaze lingering on the one she knew to hold all the names of the girls in town, ages 12 to 18—and then some. She mentally counted the number of slips bearing the name Katniss Everdeen: 20. Then, with an added sense of trepidation, she thought of the one, lone slip bearing her little sister's name. Primrose Everdeen. Twenty-one slips among thousands, probably tens of thousands. District 12 was a small town, but she knew many Seam kids, like herself and her best friend, Gale Hawthorne, had to enter their names into the reaping additional times every year in exchange for more tesserae, just to be able to eat. The odds were in her favor, she knew, but the thought did little to quell the anxiety knotting her stomach. Finally, she heard a commotion on stage and watched as the one-woman Capitol circus, known as Effie Trinket, teetered up to the podium in her garish mint green garb and a ridiculous pink wig; the loud colors contrasted painfully with the coal-muted drab of her surroundings. Mayor Undersee followed the Capitol escort to the microphone, appearing solemn. Katniss knew the reaping was tough for him too; his daughter, Madge—Katniss' only friend outside of Gale—was also among the crowd. As the mayor began his speech, the same one he gave every year, Katniss scanned the crowd for her friend but couldn't spot her; there were many blond heads, the mark of the Merchant class, in the sea of dark-colored Seam hair. She saw Prim, though, her two pigtails and short stature easy to spot. As if sensing her stare, Prim craned her neck around and locked eyes with her sister; she tried to smile, but Katniss could see the fearful quiver of her chin, so she smiled as warmly as she could, nodding her head at the stage to tell her to pay attention. Prim ducked her head and faced forward, the tail of her too-big shirt wriggling loose from the back of her skirt. The sight squeezed at her heart, and Katniss swallowed against the lump in her throat. The mayor finished his speech and took a seat next to Haymitch Abernathy, the only surviving Twelve victor of the Hunger Games—and the town drunk. Katniss' mouth twisted into a scowl, but her attention was drawn back to the podium when the speakers screeched as Effie fumbled with the mic. She launched into her usual spiel about her duties as District 12's escort, concluding with a laughable throwaway line about being honored to represent their small coal town. "Happy Hunger Games!" she chirped, her bubbly excitement meeting a wall of stoicism from the crowd. "And may the odds be ever in your favor! Now, ladies first!" As Effie wobbled over to the bowl, Katniss nearly doubled over from the terror knotting in her stomach; it felt like the entire crowd was holding its breath. Not me, not me, not me, she pleaded silently, adding, not Prim . "Coralie Langley!" Her breath escaped her, and she closed her eyes in gratitude. Another year safe. She immediately felt a twinge of guilt as she watched Coralie Langley make her way to the stage. No, it wasn't her or Prim, but it was still someone she knew, someone from the Seam. Coralie was a girl in her grade; they had never spoken, but they had a few classes together over the years. She seemed nice enough, but Katniss knew, noting the girl's small frame and the tears streaming down her face, she didn't have a ghost of a chance in the games. Once Coralie stood next to Effie, the pink-haired woman congratulated the poor girl and asked for any volunteers to take her place. No one in the crowd moved or spoke. After an awkward silence, Effie trotted to the second glass bowl, trying to drum up excitement for the boy tribute. When she pulled out a white slip, Katniss sent out a silent prayer for Gale's safety, closing her eyes in anticipation. "Peeta Mellark!" Her eyes snapped open, and her heart dropped to her stomach. Peeta Mellark! She watched her fellow classmate, with his stocky build and his curly blond hair, as he moved stiffly to the stage. How? How could his name have been chosen? He was Merchant, the baker's son, who had his fair share to eat every day. At 16, his name could only have been in there five times. Peeta Mellark, the boy who saved her life five years ago with a couple loaves of bread, thrown to her in secret. The bread had come at the lowest point in Katniss' life, only a few months after her father's death in the coal mines, when she was certain she and Prim were simply going to starve to death because their mother was too sick and depressed to work or move or even talk. She could still picture the angry welt on his cheek and the black eye he had received from his mother for burning those loaves so he could toss them to her in the rain. The act had stirred something in her, uncovering nearly forgotten knowledge of plants and hunting tips passed down by her father; from that moment on, Katniss knew what she could do to feed herself and Prim. That bread had literally saved her life. She had never thanked him for his kindness, too embarrassed to confront him in school, too confused as to why he never acknowledged her beyond a cursory or lingering glance in school. And now, she'd likely never get the chance to thank him. It wasn't fair. It wasn't. She felt the blood rushing in her ears with the shame and anger of knowing this debt she owed him would go unpaid. Glancing up at the stage, her eyes focused on him as he stopped in front of Effie. She felt dizzy and lightheaded all of a sudden, and before she knew it, a sound ripped from her throat. "No!" Everything went impossibly silent as everyone's heads swiveled toward the source of the strangled cry; she felt every single pair of eyes on her, and her face flushed angrily. She couldn't breathe. She hadn't meant to say anything; the word had slipped out of her before she could think. She couldn't even remember the last time there had been an outburst like this at a reaping. Never, she would venture. Any kind of disturbance would be met with swift punishment by the Peacekeepers stationed around the square. Most kids were too relieved to have not been chosen to offer any kind of disapproval about the tributes chosen, even if it was a friend; even family members stayed eerily quiet, aside from slight disgruntlement when a 12- or 13-year old was chosen. She imagined parents started saying goodbye to their children the day they were born, knowing the potentially gruesome death that awaited them in mere years. Unbidden, her eyes locked with Peeta's. He stared at her, mystified, his lips parted slightly and his eyebrows furrowed in confusion. He must think her an absolute fool. Mortified, Katniss tore her eyes away from his face, but she dared not look at anyone in the crowd—she was certain she felt Gale's piercing gaze on the back of her head—so she desperately sought something else to train her eyes on. Unfortunately, that something else was Haymitch Abernathy, who, despite earlier had been slumped down in his seat snoring, was now looking at her keenly, suddenly very interested in the proceedings as he leaned forward in his chair. "Oh, my!" Effie trilled, trying to break the tension that had settled over the square. She wrapped a finely manicured hand around Peeta's wrist and pulled him closer. "It sounds like you have a fan, Peeta Mellark! And who might that be, hmm? A girlfriend? A secret admirer?" she asked conspiratorially and shoved the microphone in his face, smiling suggestively at the crowd and at the cameras. Peeta's mouth fell open, a choked sound lodging in his throat, but to his credit, he didn't respond. Focusing her eyes on the flag of Panem that draped over the Justice Building, Katniss forced herself to hold her head high. She trained her face into a mask of indifference, even though she wanted to curl up and disappear. No, this wasn't fair at all. At this moment, Haymitch belched loudly and comically, breaking the discomfort of the moment. Katniss wondered briefly if he had done it on purpose. Effie shot Haymich a nasty look and cleared her throat, asking the obligatory request for boy volunteers. As expected, no one raised their hand, and Effie encouraged Peeta and Coralie to shake hands, which they obliged dutifully; Katniss noticed Peeta offer Coralie a small smile, but Coralie was too busy wiping snot from her nose to return it. "Ladies and gentlemen, let's have a round of applause for our District 12 tributes, Coralie Langley and Peeta Mellark!" Effie cried into the microphone, clapping excitedly. But she was the only one, and when she realized this, she made an indignant sound, her face pinched, and she dropped her hands. Spinning on her impractically high heels, she ushered the tributes into the Justice Building with Haymitch, the mayor and the other officials following them inside. As if on cue, everyone in the crowd began to disperse, moving slowly as they gave silent thanks they had survived another reaping. The kids located their families in the groups of spectators, hugging their parents, and the insufferably somber atmosphere lifted as relief settled in its place. So, that was it. The spectacle