a/n: This story was inspired by a prompt sent to me on tumblr by user otterfluff. I thought the premise was too good for just a drabble, so I have written a two-parter. It's darker than "A Thin Line" and "An Education of Peeta Mellark," (plenty of smut still), just a fair warning, but I hope you'll read and enjoy regardless. Peeta Mellark was only 15 when he won the 68th Hunger Games. It was a fluke, mostly. Everyone had figured he was too soft to win—what chance did a baker's son from the poorest district stand against a brutal Career pack? But Peeta wasn't soft; even at a young age, he had understood that there was something different about him, something that made the people around him extremely uncomfortable and drew the ire and the back of his mother's hand more frequently than his brothers did. So, for the sake of self-preservation, he learned very quickly how to hide this something behind false smiles and forced niceties. People liked this Peeta much better, and it was the Peeta he took to the Capitol. He wasn't nearly as tender-hearted and doe-eyed as his interview with Caesar Flickerman had led the audience to believe. Still, not even Peeta had any illusions about winning the games. He'd allied with the Careers because it had been his only hope of getting any food—and he hadn't wanted to spend his last days alive starving to death. He'd brought in a decent amount of sponsors, based solely on his good looks and charm, so the Careers were mainly apathetic to his presence; they'd figure they could easily take him when the time came, despite his impressively large physique. They hadn't known he would be such a whiz with a knife. Growing up, Peeta'd had a lot of practice with slaughtering pigs. His family raised a couple at a time behind the bakery, and once a year, after the sow'd had her litter and the piglets had been weaned, he and his brothers were in charge of killing her in order to fill their plates with pork and barter it around town for other necessary supplies. But his brothers hated the process, and only Peeta didn't seem to mind the gruesome task so much, so, eventually, it fell to him alone. His years of wrestling made the practice a little easier to handle on his own. On a pig, Peeta knew how to efficiently locate and puncture the carotid artery and jugular vein to drain the blood from the body. On a human, he learned it wasn't much different. So, after the District 4 male tribute had quickly bled out in front of the cornucopia, Peeta had been crowned victor. In the Capitol, he had been lauded as a hero; in District 12, he'd been shunned as a monster. Even his own family couldn't stand to be around him, though they had no problem taking his money. His mentor Haymitch Abernathy had been little solace in the time after his victory, promptly retreating into his house in Victor's Village, rarely to emerge unless it was to feed his alcohol addiction. Peeta was alone. There were times when he could still feel the warm, sticky blood of his fellow tributes on his fingers, the fluttering pulses under his palm. When he was lost in a haze of memories and terrors, he held onto that feeling, and it brought him back to himself. But the loneliness was crushing. There were girls, of course, girls who sought him out around town, some he knew from school, some he didn't. It didn't matter; suddenly, they all wanted to know him. And though they opened beneath him willingly, though he found momentary respite while buried inside them, they would never really know him; they couldn't . And that was fine with him. The novelty of being a victor eventually wore off right around the time of the next games, when he watched his two tributes die. He now understood why Haymitch sought solace in alcohol. It was like losing himself in a woman—but without the annoying societal expectations of politeness and regard for other's feelings. But the more he drank—the more unbearable he got—the less those girls liked him. Eventually, they stopped coming around. He was glad for that. But he still needed the release they provided, the physical gratification alcohol couldn't provide him. He was only 16, after all. He passed the line of desperate Seam girls at Peacekeeper Cray's front door many times before he finally took one home with him. She had cried in relief, like he was doing her a favor. Later that night, she'd left his house, crying for completely different reasons. But he kept returning to those girls, and he knew by the cautious glances they gave each other that they knew about him; some probably would have prefered Cray. They never refused him, however; they needed the money. It was nice, he decided. At least these girls didn't bother with the pretense of liking him when all they wanted were his riches. They did whatever he wanted—they had no choice but to. With them, he was in control. He could work out his anger and his pain on them. Sometimes they would cry silently, choking back sobs, but they never objected. Afterwards, every once in a while, the shame was so suffocating, he would cry and beg for their forgiveness. Most times, though...he marveled at how hard their hearts thrummed in their throats under his hands—how, if he just squeezed a little tighter, their pulses would flutter weakly, just like the District 4 tribute's had as he'd died... Peeta had never come so hard before. It was a cold night in March when Peeta first saw her. A light drizzle fell relentlessly, just hard enough to be irritating but not enough to force him to pick up his pace. He ambled away from the Hob, the buzz from the alcohol he'd consumed making him mostly impervious to the chill; he headed for Cray's, eager to release the pent-up energy he could feel creeping through his bones, threatening to force him out of his skin. Despite the rain, the line of girls was long—longer even than it normally was: At the end was a young girl he didn't recognize. A really young girl. That pulled him up short, and he stared at her, wiping the precipitation from his eyes and ignoring the plaintive, whispered pleas from the others. When she felt his gaze on her, she stiffened, her gray eyes going wide. She couldn't have been any older than 11. She was thin, painfully thin. Her face was sunken and pinched, the circles under her eyes dark against her olive skin, the rain trickling through the cracks in her lips. Her arms were so thin, he was sure he could wrap his hand around one twice. His feet carried him to her before he even realized what he was doing, and she seemed to shrink into herself, her tiny, trembling hands tugging nervously on her wet braids and her ratty sleeves. There was a kind of terror in her eyes he hadn't seen since the arena. His face hardened, and he dug through his pocket until his fist closed around some coins; he yanked them out, flinging them at her feet. She jerked back as if she'd been slapped, and her wide eyes locked on his face, not comprehending. "Get out of here," he hissed at her, and she recoiled at the vehemence in his voice. "Take the money and get out of here. I don't ever want to see you here again. Do you understand me?" She didn't move, rooted to her spot, and he snapped. "Are you fucking stupid? I said leave!" he barked angrily, and she finally startled, weakly bending down to scrape the coins off the ground. Her whole body shook—from fear or the cold, he didn't know—and it took her a long, tense moment to gather the coins. Then she spun around and darted back to the Seam, weaving unsteadily on her feet. Peeta watched her go. He didn't move until he felt a hand tugging at his sleeve. His head barely moved as he took in the girl at his side, who tried to smile suggestively at him. Her eyes were dead, though. He slapped her hand away. "Fuck off," he snarled and stalked away, ignoring the cries of despair and anger that followed him all the way to Victor's Village. He tried to push the girl from his mind as he stroked his hard cock that night, still aching for release. How sick and defeated she had looked. He didn't understand why this girl, out of the dozens, affected him so much—they all looked desperate and lifeless. But she was so young... His dick grew flaccid in his hand, and he growled, knocking over the toiletries on his sink out of frustration. Then he shoved his cock back into his pants in defeat. He would find no relief that night—so he drank. Something changed after that point. When he saw that girl again, several months later, she was trading game in the Hob with an older boy by her side. She met his hard, questioning gaze, and recognition and shame flashed through her eyes before she trained her face into a mask of indifference. She avoided eye contact or any acknowledgement of him the rest of her time there. Good, he thought. He didn't want to remember that night, either. But he was glad he never saw her at Cray's again. The next time he saw her was at the reaping for the 74th games, where he finally learned her name. Katniss Everdeen stood stiff and resolute on the stage, despite the cries of her little sister in the crowd. Peeta didn't even notice when the male tribute was chosen—he couldn't stop looking at Katniss as he watched her from his spot on stage, his eyes riveted to the slight curve of her hips, the swell of her ass. The blue dress she wore was loose on her frame, but it clung to her budding feminine features nonetheless. She was older now; sixteen or seventeen, he guessed. When Effie Trinket turned her around to lead her into the Justice Building, Peeta's eyes settled on her breasts—the small mounds looked like they would fit nicely in his palms. His cock twitched in his pants then; he was too heady with lust to be disgusted by his thoughts given the current situation. He knew he was capable of much worse, really. Peeta was intrigued by her. The frail, terrorized child he found outside Cray's four years ago was gone, and in her place a determined, hardened girl, who seemed wiser than her years suggested. She didn't cry or shake like most of the other tributes had when their names had been called. She didn't look like prey. He thought he recognized something in her that he remembered about himself six years ago: She was a survivor. He smiled to himself then. District 12 might just have a winner this year. Haymitch was blitzed—not unusual for the older man. Peeta, however, paced himself on the train, wanting to keep a clear head for the opening ceremonies so he could adequately observe Katniss. She did her best to ignore him, either directing her questions to Haymitch or eating in silence and letting her tribute partner, Levi, carry the conversation. Levi was the butcher's son—Merchants were rarely reaped, but it wasn't unheard of. Obviously. Peeta just smirked to himself through the rest of dinner, sipping his brandy leisurely while he sized her up. The new District 12 stylists were miracle workers. Before, Katniss hadn't been much of a looker, despite his body's instinctual response to the sight of her developing curves, but now—now she was radiant, transformed by Cinna's skillful hands. Levi shined equally, but Peeta paid him little mind as the stylists