a/n: This was written for Freaky Fic Friday on tumblr, but it was entirely too long for a drabble, so I've decided to post it as a one-shot. And this was written fairly quickly with little editing on my end, so my apologies for its suckage. Credit really goes to misshoneywell, nonemoreblack, annieoakley01, didntheramble and Amelia Day for helping brainstorm this plot. They're awesome. I hope you enjoy! Katniss knew this camping trip was a bad idea. She knew it the moment Gale suggested it. He thought "getting away from civilization" and "getting in touch with nature" would help their relationship—or whatever the hell they were; she was sure it would have the opposite effect. Getaway vacations with the two of them never went well. They butted heads too much, arguing over every little stupid thing. Which they were currently doing. Surprise, surprise. "I'm just saying , Gale," she gritted out, swatting at a mosquito that buzzed in her face. "We need to stop soon and set up camp before it gets dark." He practically growled, not even sparing her a glance as he stalked up the trail ahead of her. He pushed low-hanging branches and leaves out of his way, rudely letting them snap back and whack her in the face. She resisted ripping off her shoe and throwing it at the back of his head each time. "I know that," he snapped, the frustration palpable in his voice. "But we're not at the campground yet, and we can't exactly stop in the middle of the trail." She rolled her eyes at his back. "But we keep passing spots that would be perfectly fine!" she argued, and he huffed before falling silent, clearly having no rebuttal to her point. He was dead set on this particular campground for whatever reason—the view or something—and refused to give up the search. Katniss was exhausted, her feet hurt from hiking all day, and she was beginning to suspect Gale was lost. She was at her wit's end. After a few more minutes of silent, tense walking, after she'd had to duck yet another swinging limb let loose by Gale, causing her to stumble on an unseen root, she snapped. "Okay, that's it! I'm not going any farther!" she yelled at him, planting her feet stubbornly. Gale whirled around to glare at her. "What?" She returned the stare with equal ferocity. "I'm exhausted! I just want to set up camp already. I'm not walking anymore! I'm turning around and going back to one of the numerous other clearings we passed!" He seemed shocked at her assertion, but then anger clouded his gray eyes once again. "I'm not backtracking now, Katniss," he said through clenched teeth. Her nostrils flared. "Well, I'm not moving another fucking inch forward," she challenged. He finally threw his hands up. "Fine, I don't care! Go back! I'm continuing on this trail, with or without you." With that, he spun back around and stomped off. Katniss blinked rapidly, utterly dumbfounded, as she gawked after him. "Are you—seriously, Gale?!" she yelled after him, but he ignored her. Her blood boiled as she seethed, watching him get farther and farther away. "Fine!" she shouted, spinning around to head back down the trail. "Fucking jerk," she muttered under her breath, her footsteps heavy and angry, a far cry from the usual stealth with which she moved while in the woods. She hooked her thumbs around the straps of her hiking backpack, keeping her face hard. She couldn't believe he'd just walked off like that! Who was he to think he always got to call the shots in everything they did? He was such a fucking alpha-male; this was why she'd refused to label herself his girlfriend or really even commit to him. It was too much work, too exhausting, and too little return on investment for how much energy she put into appeasing him. After this, she was definitely done with him. She wasn't sure how long she'd been walking when she pulled up short suddenly, a random thought sticking in her brain: Gale had the tent. "Oh, god damnit!" she cried out, stomping her foot petulantly. All she had on her was her sleeping bag. She couldn't sleep out in the open in just her tent. She had no idea what kind of predators there were. There was no way she'd make it back to her car, either, before night fell—at least, she was the one who'd driven, she thought with a fleeting wisp of smugness. And no way in hell was she going back after Gale now. Katniss was just beginning to contemplate the possibility of strapping herself up high into a tree to sleep when she heard a childish shriek from the woods. She tensed, her neck craning to her right to locate the source of the sound. She didn't have any time to brace herself when two small boys burst from the brush off the side of the trail, and she gasped as they barreled toward her, on a course to run right over her. But they froze immediately when they saw her, their eyes going wide. She heard rustling in the woods behind them, and her eyes widened in alarm—were they being chased by a bear or a large bobcat, maybe? But then she heard a man's voice call out, "Graham! Dylan! Get back here!" As the man stumbled out of the woods, he nearly collided with the two boys. His face melted in relief, and he grabbed their shoulders, practically sagging against them. "What do you think you're doing, running off like that?" he scolded, his eyes finally locking on her face as he registered her presence. She stiffened, tightening her hold on her backpack straps. She had a Swiss Army Knife in one of the pockets, if she could reach it... "Oh—" "Sorry, daddy!" one boy, the one with blonde curls and blue eyes to match the man's, chirped. "Dylan saw a rabbit! We just wanted to pet it!" The man blinked, dropping his gaze to the little boy. He sighed and squatted down to his level, glancing between the two kids. "Look, you can't take off like that in the woods. And you can't touch the animals here, okay? We're just here to observe nature. It can get pretty dangerous out here, so you have to stick by my side. Is that understood?" he stressed, and the two boys nodded solemnly. "Yes, daddy." "Yes, sir." The man shook his head, standing back up. "Finnick and Annie would kill me if anything happened to you out here," he muttered to himself, and then he turned his attention back to her, furrowing his brow. "I'm sorry, I hope they didn't scare you—" She regarded him warily. "No, just...startled me, a little. Generally, when things come charging out at you from the woods, it's something scarier than children." He smiled at her, though his eyes were apologetic. She stared at him wordlessly for a moment, suddenly struck by how attractive he was. His dirty blonde hair was disheveled, the curls haphazard from his run through the woods. His shoulders were broad, his physique solid, and though he wore tan khaki pants and a plaid shirt, he looked out of place in his surroundings. "Apologize to the woman for startling her, boys," he instructed the two, squeezing their shoulders. They mumbled a half-hearted apology, and she shrugged, releasing her straps to fold her arms over her chest, jiggling her knee anxiously. It was getting darker by the minute... "It's fine." The man squinted at her. "Are you lost?" he asked. Katniss scowled defensively. "No," she snapped, and he looked taken aback. "I'm perfectly capable of navigating out here. I'm just—trying to find the best place to set up camp." "Sorry, I didn't mean to offend you," he replied sheepishly. "I, uh, I just mean...well, we got lost earlier, that's all. Well, I got us lost, I mean. But there's a clearing back this way if you need to put up a tent," he said, jabbing his thumb over his shoulder to indicate where he'd just come from. No way in hell was she going to follow this strange man deeper into the woods. She would just have to hoof it back to her car. Shaking her head, Katniss started to inch forward. "I'm fine, thanks," she said dismissively. "Oh, okay," he said, watching her go. "Well—um, be safe, then." Against her better judgment, she looked back at him, her steps faltering as she took in his face again. His expression seemed oddly disappointed, but he smiled when he noticed her looking at him and held up a hand to wave goodbye. He seemed harmless enough...But she supposed they always did, didn't they? Pursing her lips together, she turned away and continued down the trail. "All right, back to the camp," she heard him tell the boys behind her, the trees and pine straw rustling as they cut through the brush. Again, Katniss hesitated as she stared up ahead at the never-ending trail that stretched before her. She was never going to make it before night time—and now she was remembering she didn't even have a damn flashlight on her. That, too, was with Gale. "Ugh," she groaned, spinning around on her heel and jogging back to the others. She might not have a tent, but maybe if she was around other people, she would be safe enough. "Wait up!" The man and the boys weren't too far into the woods, and they stopped to watch her approach. "Um, I guess I do need to set up camp before it's too dark," she mumbled by way of explanation, and he smiled in understanding. "Okay, you can just follow us. I'm Peeta, by the way, and this is my son Graham, and this is his friend, Dylan," he said, dropping a hand on each boy's head respectively. They waved at her, and she shifted uncomfortably. "Uh, hi. I'm...Katniss." Peeta grinned. "It's nice to meet you, Katniss," he said sincerely, and she just nodded, unsure how to respond. She wasn't good with new people. They continued their trek through the woods, Katniss keeping a comfortable distance between herself and them; Peeta pushed branches and foliage out of the boys' way, and he paused numerous times to hold it for her. She was soon forced to walk pretty much in step with him so that he didn't have to hang back for her sake. She guessed that was nice of him. Nicer than Gale, anyway. Graham and Dylan began chattering incessantly about the rabbit they'd seen, their descriptions getting more and more exaggerated. Peeta just laughed indulgently. Katniss stayed quiet. She wasn't really a big fan of children, but at least these two weren't too obnoxious. Yet. She guessed them to be not much older than 7. But Peeta seemed young, too young to have a child that age; he looked about her age, 26. Now she was intrigued, but she immediately reprimanded herself for her interest. Don't be stupid, she told herself. They reached the clearing he'd been talking about in a few minutes, and the boys ran back to their camp, chasing each other. Katniss saw two tents, but that was it. Was there no one else but them there? Peeta seemed to sense her question. "It was a pretty secluded clearing—that's why I picked it," he explained, but then his eyes widened in horror; she was sure her fear was reflected on her face. "Oh god, that sounds—that came out wrong. I just—I thought I'd be considerate of other campers and pick a place where we'd be out of anyone else's way. Graham and Dylan can get pretty rambunctious and loud, clearly," he said, gesturing to the two boys. "Um, feel free to grab a spot as far away from us as possible." Katniss regarded him from the corner of her eye as she nodded and stalked off to find