a/n: I haven't done a WIP in a while, mostly because I am terrible at maintaining a level of enthusiasm and interest required to finish a story, so we'll see how this goes! This was originally a drabble I wrote on tumblr inspired by a request from an anon, but my mind went a little wild with it and wanted to turn it into a longer story, though I don't anticipate it will be too long. Just a handful of chapters. I hope y'all enjoy! "Ugh." It doesn't matter how many times Katniss uses the bathroom at Sae's, a hole-in-the-wall bar in her hometown of Panem, she can't fight the involuntary grimace when she enters the stall. A very distinct toilet smell assaults her every time, and somebody almost always trickles urine on the seat. As much as she appreciates the well-worn feel of the bar, she wishes it didn't extend to the bathrooms, as well. Wrinkling her nose, Katniss generously wads up about three feet of toilet paper to wipe off the seat. Then, hastily depositing the used tissue into the toilet, she pulls down her pants and hovers precariously over the seat, about two inches, so she doesn't accidentally graze the questionably stained porcelain while peeing. As she empties her bladder, she entertains herself by reading the graffiti that's accumulated on the stall door over the years. It's epithets and exclamations she's all read before, memorized even— LJ + TM = 4ever , Ur boyfriend gives good head , Go Mockingjays! and of course the requisite penis illustration—but a new addition just above the door latch, scribbled sloppily in blue ink, catches her eye. For the best sex of your life: Call Peeta Mellark 722-1563 She's so taken aback, she forgets where she's at and collapses on the toilet seat as her legs give out. Her surprised gasp morphs into a disgusted groan, and she quickly hikes herself back up to finish, wipes herself off and yanks her pants up. After she flushes, though, she lingers, staring at the door, at that familiar name. Peeta Mellark. She never thought she'd hear that name again. Shaking her head, she whips out her phone and snaps a photo, for prosperity's sake. And to show her friend, Madge, who might also remember him. Katniss strolls out of the bathroom after diligently scrubbing her hands, heading for the booth in the far right corner where Madge and their other friend, Johanna, sit. They look up at her as she approaches. "Look what I found in the bathroom stall." Sliding into the booth, Katniss flips her phone around to show her friends the photo she snapped just a moment ago, inexplicably excited about her find. "If this is another butt plug like last time, I don't wanna see," Madge groans, but Johanna snatches the phone out of Katniss' hand to examine the picture. "For the best sex of your life...Peeta Mellark...722-1563," she recites, squinting at the screen before tossing the phone back to Katniss disinterestedly. "Funny." But Madge frowns, snatching the phone bacl. "Wait a minute. Peeta Mellark..." She purses her lips as she studies the phone, tapping her finger against her chin. "Didn't we go to school with him?" she asks Katniss. Katniss nods, smirking wryly. "Yeah, high school." Madge eyes her suspiciously. "Didn't you have a crush on him?" Her friend's unexpected question slaps the smugness right off Katniss' face. She blanches, rearing back in her seat. "No! What are you talking about?" she balks. "I swear I thought you did..." Suddenly, Johanna is intrigued again, and she grins wickedly. " Oh ho , let me see that again," she demands, taking the phone back. Katniss has a sinking feeling in her gut as her friend grins at the phone and then at her. "Crush, huh?" "No!" Katniss exclaims emphatically. "No, I just remembered his name from school! I thought Madge would get a kick out of it!" "Still...you remembered his name. It sounds like you were intrigued." Huffing, Katniss rolls her eyes at Johanna, who prods with a sinister glint in her brown eyes, "You should call him." Katniss scowls. "I'm not going to call him." "Text him, then." "And say what? Hey, I saw your number in a bathroom, wanna have sex? " Katniss says dryly, eliciting a laugh from Madge, but Johanna shrugs. "Yeah, sounds good to me." "No." Johanna pouts at her, her fingers tapping idly on Katniss' iPhone case. "Well, at least share it on Facebook, so someone else can have a shot." Her friend is incorrigible. "That's gross. I'm not going to be responsible for getting him harassed by horny, sex-starved women," Katniss says, distracted by the appearance of the server who asks if she wants another beer. Katniss hems and haws her way through her order before settling on a draft selection and then looks back at Johanna. Her eyes bulge when she realizes her friend is typing furiously on her phone. "Oh my god—what are you doing?!" she shrieks, prying her phone out of the other woman's hands. Johanna laughs. "Too late." Katniss gapes helplessly at her phone as she reads the text Johanna just sent to supposed-Peeta's number, attached with the photo Katniss took: Best sex huh? Can I verify this claim? "Oh my god, Johanna, you shit ," she hisses, shooting her friend an evil glare. She taps vainly on the text, trying to figure out a way to stop it, but her heart drops when she hears the familiar bloop alert and sees the "Delivered" stamp at the bottom. "Jo, you didn't really..." Madge admonishes, staring at her wide-eyed. The brown-haired woman just shrugs as she sips her whiskey. "Lighten up, you guys. It's probably a fake number anyway." As if to prove her wrong, Katniss' phone lights up with a text: Who is this? Katniss blanches. "Oh fuck, he responded. Johanna, I'm going to kill you!" Johanna is unperturbed, shrugging once again as she smiles. "He'll probably think it's funny. It's not like it says to call him for the worst sex of your life." Groaning, Katniss debates how to respond—if she should at all. Finally, she settles on: I'm really sorry, my friend sent that as a joke. Sorry to bother you! She hopes that will be the end of it, but a response text pops up almost immediately: Who is this? Shit. He's not going to let it go. With another inward groan, she sets her phone down to ignore his question and eagerly grabs the beer when the server returns before she can even set it down on the table. She takes a healthy gulp and then glares at Johanna again. "You are the worst. I don't know why I hang out with you sometimes," she grouses. Her phone starts ringing, and she freezes. It's the same number. "Shit." Johanna cackles. "What are you waiting for? Answer it!" Katniss looks horrified. "You can't be serious." But even Madge is smiling. "Just answer it. It's Peeta—if I remember correctly, he's the type of guy who will just laugh it off." Covering her face, Katniss muffles her whine. Her phone keeps ringing. With a defeated sigh, she picks her phone up and answers it. "Hello?" she asks nervously, wincing. "Who is this?" The voice on the other end is deeper, more melodic than she remembers, but she recognizes it all the same. And there is a distinct edge of annoyance to it. Her eyes widen, and she's momentarily rendered stupid. She doesn't recall seeing Peeta Mellark annoyed even once in high school, and somehow she's managed to do it despite having not seen him in six years. "Where was this picture taken?" he demands, more firmly this time, and she blinks as she comes to her senses. She shoots her friends a helpless look, who are watching her expectantly. "Um...I—I'm so sorry, I swear my friend was just fucking with me, and she thought it would be funny to send that to you. Seriously, I'm going to make her pay for it later, don't worry," Katniss rambles, her glare earning a good-natured middle finger from said friend. "Okay, but that's still a real picture, right? Meaning my name and number are up somewhere in some seedy bathroom somewhere?" he asks, though it's not so much a question. Katniss furrows her brow, chewing the corner of her lip worriedly. "Well...yes. But I wouldn't exactly call this place seedy ," she offers as if it's some kind of consolation. Sae's isn't the fanciest joint in Panem, and the bathrooms might be gross, but she takes pride in the place. "And what is this place exactly ?" he asks, his demanding tone lightened by a surprisingly droll lilt. "Um...it's this bar called Sae's, it's in—" "Panem," he finishes for her. "I know it. I'll be there shortly." He disconnects the call there, and she pulls her phone away from her ear, staring at it. "Well, what happened?!" Madge grills, leaning closer over the table. Katniss makes a face. "Apparently he's coming here?" she says uncertainly, setting her phone down. Johanna snorts in amusement. "To give you the best sex of your life?" Katniss' eyes snap to her friend in another heated glare. "No, he sounds pissed , Jo. Thanks for your help in all this, by the way." "Well, either way, maybe this will liven up the place," Johanna muses as she examines the half-empty bar. "Are you sure you didn't have a crush on him?" Madge interjects offhandedly, narrowing her eyes at Katniss, who flushes. "No, I did not! He was a nice guy, but that's it. I didn't know him, and I never even spoke to him." Which isn't exactly true. He handed her her pencil one time when she dropped it in English class, and she mumbled an embarrassed thank you under the intense gaze of his blue eyes. But that was the extent of her interactions with the popular, well-liked school wrestling champion who was way too cool to notice someone as inconsequential as her. It's hardly worth mentioning, even though she played that moment over in her head every night before she went to bed the rest of the school year. But that's still not something ludicrous like a crush . "He was pretty cute, too," Madge adds thoughtfully. Katniss flushes again and shoves her beer bottle in her mouth to sip—and hopefully conceal her blush. She could barely admit to herself how often she fantasized about Peeta Mellark in school—damn if she's going to own up to it now. "Whatever, he sounds like he's going to come yell at me or maybe burn the place down, so I think it's time to go," she insists before chugging the rest of her beer as fast as she can. It's too much, and she ends up coughing and sputtering as some dribbles down her chin, then she finishes it off. Johanna sighs. "Man, you don't want us to have any fun." But she waves to the server anyway, trying to get her attention. The server is busy tending to other patrons, however, and after a few minutes of agonized waiting, Katniss begins bouncing her knee anxiously, her eyes darting to the entrance frequently. Maybe he won't come, she tries to reassure herself, ignoring the part buried way deep inside her that kind of wishes he would. Her body tenses when the door suddenly swings open, a familiar crop of wavy blond hair appearing. He's only a little taller than she remembers, but broader in the shoulders and chest. Much broader. His face is just as beautiful, more chiseled though, and his eyes are as hauntingly blue as she remembers, even from a distance. Her breath stalls in her throat as those eyes survey the bar, and she only releases it when he heads in the direction of the bar. He didn't see her. Or maybe he just doesn't remember her—much more likely. How did he get here