"Compliments of the gentleman at the end of the bar," the bartender said as he pushed two dirty martinis toward them. Katniss and Delly shared a perplexed look and simultaneously craned their necks in the direction the bartender pointed, where a curly blonde-haired man sat alone. He lifted his own drink in greeting. Delly jerked back around to look at Katniss, slapping her hand down on her friend's forearm, hard. Katniss yelped, but Delly just pinned her with a round-eyed stare. "Oh my god, Katniss!" she squealed under her breath. "He is so cute. " Wrenching her arm away from Delly's death grip, Katniss frowned and rubbed her arm, a welt already starting to form. "Yeah, he's all right," she agreed reluctantly, eyeing her drink. She hated cocktails. She hated bars, too, really, especially hoity-toity dives like this; she missed her hole-in-the-wall place, Greasy Sae's, where she could grab a beer in peace and not have to worry about creeps buying her a drink as a precursor to social interaction or sex or whatever they expected. But Delly was her friend, who had just broken up with her boyfriend Thresh, and she had wanted to dress up and go out to a nice bar and flirt with some guys. Instead, Katniss had been listening to Delly rant about Thresh for the past hour. Which was fine with her. The less she had to pretend to care about what some strange man had to say, the better. She guessed her luck had run out, however, as she saw the man push out of his seat and head their way. Delly could barely contain herself. "He's coming this way," she whispered unnecessarily, like Katniss didn't have two working eyes. "Okay, yeah, chill out," she muttered, taking a quick, eager sip of the martini. She immediately regretted it as she forced herself to choke it down, following it with a swig of her vodka tonic. Gross. She wondered if she could discreetly dump the rest of the swill into Delly's glass while she was otherwise preoccupied with this guy... "Good evening," the man greeted with an easy smile once he reached them. Delly blushed and giggled nervously, tucking a curl behind her ear. Katniss grimaced in an attempt at a polite smile. "Ah, do you mind if I—?" he gestured to the seat next to Delly, who shook her head eagerly. "Oh, no, please! We must thank you for the drinks, after all," she gushed as he pulled the bar stool out to perch on. He smiled at her. "No thanks necessary. I just saw that you two were getting low, so I thought I'd send some more drinks your way." Katniss frowned at the martini and then looked pointedly at her own drink and Delly's cosmopolitan. "And, what, you disproved of our drink choices and thought you'd impress us with your sophisticated tastes as a cocktail connoisseur?" she asked drily. He blinked at her, and she felt Delly's elbow digging into her side. "Ow," she hissed, pushing her friend's arm away and ignoring her glare. The man finally grinned sheepishly. "Ah, no, I'm sorry. The martinis were on special," he explained, pointing to the sign behind the bar. Katniss cocked an eyebrow. "So you're cheap." "Is it less embarrassing if I own up to it?" he asked, still smiling. "Plus, I figured if you rejected the drinks or threw them in my face, that was less money wasted, at least." Snorting, she rolled her eyes. Delly angled her body toward the guy, positioning herself so that Katniss was mostly blocked from his line of sight. It was probably for the best. "I'm sorry, we really do appreciate the drinks," Delly enthused. "Thank you, Mr...?" "Peeta," he said. "Well, Mellark, but just Peeta is fine." "Okay, Just Peeta," she giggled, offering her hand for a shake. "My name is Delly." "It's nice to meet you, Delly," he said warmly, then he leaned over the bar some to look at Katniss, holding his hand out to her. Reluctantly, she took it, weakly pumping his hand when he gripped it firmly. His hand was warm but not sweaty like she had expected. "Katniss," she said simply. He released her hand and smiled, glancing back at Delly. "Pretty names." Katniss hid her eyeroll behind her vodka tonic, but Delly was smitten. She batted her eyelashes and leaned closer to him. "You're too sweet." Peeta took a sip of his highball, shaking his head. "You say that now," he joked with an easy smile. "You might change your mind." "I don't think so. I'm really good at reading people," Delly boasted. "I can just tell. You have such sweet eyes, too." Peeta's cheeks reddened slightly at her compliment, and he ruffled his curls nervously. "Well, thank you. That's a high compliment coming from a beautiful woman like yourself." Delly giggled for the umpteenth time, and Katniss tried not to vomit. She only half-listened while they continued to flirt, making a game of trying to spear the olives in her martini with the toothpick. After she'd massacred them into a pulp, she leaned over the bar to grab a handful of coffee stirrers when the bartender wasn't looking. She spent the rest of the night creating an unbroken chain of straws, painstakingly squeezing the ends into each other. Occasionally, Delly and Peeta would rope her into the conversation with an offhanded comment or remark, about her job or an old funny college tale, but for the most part Katniss was content to let Delly work out the kinks in her game without her assistance. Katniss was so preoccupied with the straws, she almost missed when her friend excused herself to use the bathroom. Peeta stayed behind and flashed her a smile over Delly's empty seat. Katniss didn't return it, focusing her attention back on her task at hand. "Trying to create the longest straw ever?" he asked conversationally. She spared him another glance as she shoved a black straw into another. He lifted his eyebrows and nodded his head toward a woman in the corner. "That woman's not looking right now, if you want to steal a sip of her drink." She scoffed. "Actually, I'm trying to build a lifeline to get me the hell out of here," she replied humorlessly, but he laughed. She almost startled at the sound, looking up at him sharply when he slid across to sit in Delly's empty seat. How had he taken that as an invitation to talk to her more? "Well, no offense, but your lifeline looks a little flimsy," he said, pinching one end between his fingers. "I think you'd fail inspection if the Coast Guard boarded your boat right now." She scowled. "Well, thanks for the advice, sweetheart," she sneered, but he grabbed one of the straws and attempted to add on to her chain. "You know, no one's ever called me sweetheart before," he mused, poking his tongue out the corner of his mouth as he concentrated on the straws. "I think you meant it as an insult, but I kind of like it." She stared at him suspiciously, glancing in the direction of the bathrooms as she wondered what was keeping Delly. "You're weird," she muttered finally. Peeta chuckled, abandoning the straws. "Clearly, I'm doing so well here, so I might as well go for the gold, I guess," he said, and he leaned a little closer. She fought the urge to jerk back. "I think you're gorgeous, and you seem really interesting, and if you'll allow it, I'd really like to get to know you better." She gawked at him incredulously. He just stared at her, his eyes open and clear. Blinking uncomprehendingly, she started to shake her head, confused. "But...you've been talking to Delly all night..." she trailed off as he raised his eyebrows. "Oh. She's really nice and all, but I came over to talk to you, mostly. I'm attracted to you ," he said. She was dumbfounded, speechless, her eyes flitting between his face and the bathroom. "Well, you're certainly honestly," she blurted nervously, and he just shrugged. She struggled for a response, not entirely sure what she even meant to say. "I don't...I mean...I don't think I can do that to her..." His face fell some, but he nodded, sitting back. "I completely understand. But," he stopped to fish something out of his breastpocket, producing a small business card and sliding it into her hand. "Well, in case you change your mind." She stared at the rectanglular piece of cardstock, but when she glanced up, she noticed Delly making her way back toward them, so she hastily stuffed it into her back pocket. "Sorry for the wait!" Delly said apologetically, and Peeta smiled at her as he moved back to his stool. "Not a problem," he replied, flashing Katniss a look over Delly's head as she hopped back up on her seat. They resumed talking as she absently fiddled with her straws, still thinking about that business card in her pocket. Katniss lay on her bed, twirling Peeta's card in her fingers. She didn't know why she was even considering it, why she hadn't just thrown it out immediately after she and Delly had left the bar that night. Delly had pouted briefly about how Peeta never asked for her number, and Katniss couldn't bring herself to break the news to her, about where his real interests had lain. She knew her friend was fragile right now, and she didn't want to wound her ego even further. It was stupid to still be thinking about him; she found him kind of annoying, presumptuous, even. She didn't trust guys who approached women like that in bars. But he was attractive. Really attractive. And she was horny. Really horny. Sighing, she snatched her phone up and entered in his number before she typed out a text. Hey, it's Katniss from the bar. His response was almost instantaneous. Hi Katniss from the bar. Good to hear from you :) She chewed her lip thoughtfully before she wrote out her next text. Are you a serial killer? She snorted at his answer. Would I tell you if I were? I'm serious. How can I trust you? She stared at his business card while she waited for him to respond. When her phone pinged with an alert, she picked it up quickly. You can ask the other girls I've dated...if you can find them... She couldn't fight the smile that spread across her face. I want to invite you over right now, but I don't know... You know what they say: Fortune favors the brave. She narrowed her eyes at the phone. They also say there's a fine line between bravery and stupidity. His reply took a moment. I'm willing to toe the line if you are. Katniss reread his text multiple times as she considered it, then she sighed and quickly tapped out her address, hitting "Send" before she could second guess herself. When she opened her door an hour later, Peeta smiled at her, holding his hand up in greeting. "Hey," he said, and she waved him in. She watched him carefully as he let himself in, closing the door behind him. "Just so you know, I have a crossbow in my closet and a machete under my bed," she warned, and he froze, his eyes widening. "I—is that supposed to turn me on? Because it's kind of working," he replied jokingly, and she smiled anxiously. "No. Maybe. I'm just letting you know. So, no funny business." He nodded seriously. "Okay, well, I guess it's a good thing I left my clown suit in my car then." She tried not to smile but failed. "Stop. I'm trying to lay some ground rules here." "That you're either going to impale me with an arrow or chop off my dick if I touch you, gotcha," he said as she led him into her living room. She